A solid, comic date movie and surprisingly romantic.
No great shakes, but it's well-made and often very funny.
Think Like a Man tries to tackle more characters than it can handle, making for a mess of a film that ultimately feels like a two-hour advertisement for Steve Harvey's book.
The movie does provide plenty to chew on and the respective story arcs are executed well enough to make the overall journey worthwhile.
The only thing [Story's] successfully done with this film is publicize Steve Harvey's book, which seems to have been the main goal all along.
Despite the best efforts of some solid character actors, a muddled plot means this self-help themed film neither engages nor entertains.
Two romances: one with real signs of life
Benefits from a likable cast who lend much-needed zing, almost overcoming the fatuousness of the script. Almost.
As comfort-blanket romcoms go, it is the rare one that will not bring you out in a rash.
Yes, it's a large slice of cheese, but an entertaining one at that.
This is not so much a film as an insufferably aggressive exercise in product placement.
As far as adaptations of self-help books go, this one - which bites back at the source material - is one of the recent best.
Beware beaming self-publicists bearing relationship advice. Those bold, bright one-liners point the way to a life of abject humiliation.
Black - or indeed any audience - gagging from Tyler Perry's sugary depiction of Afro-American middle classes will welcome director Tim Story's wittier approach to the shifting sands of courtship.
The script presents a reductive view of relationships that borders on insulting and it's hard to get emotionally involved in any of the storylines as a result.
More certain of its tone than Tyler Perry's melodramatic rom-coms, it's a good-hearted comedy of modern manners that provides a chuckle or two.
For what amounts to a feature-length ad, this is surprisingly entertaining.
Any film that gives Curb Your Enthusiasm's J.B. Smoove little more than a walk-on needs more thought.
This sharp, multi-racial adult relationship comedy has enough witty zingers and uses a zesty cast to overcome some structural issues and a too-long running time.
Finally offers fans of quality black comedies a new reason to go to the theater again.
Retro and formulaic, acting primarily as an informercial promotion for Steve Harvey's self-help book.
Yeah, the movie is cliched, and you can pretty much guess what's going to happen. But the enjoyment of this film is watching the characters hang out and interact with each other.
If you're a fan of those involved, you might cut it some slack. Or you might wish they were in a better movie.
In Steve Harvey's man's world, the guys face extra anxieties. Not only do they worry their physical prowess might be inadequate, but also, as Cedric announces, the "balance of power has shifted."
A really fun date movie until every couple has to break up and try to get back together.
... goes down easily enough.
Despite its cloying genuflections to its source material, Think Like a Man is rowdy and funny and showcases an immensely likable ensemble cast it uses to delineate its war between the sexes.
Even though Think Like a Man is better than it has any right to be, that's a far cry from saying that the movie is particularly good.
Good looking actors giving good performances but the story is stale and predictable.
That the whole thing clocks in north of two hours is nearly unforgivable. But it's all so frivolous and light in touch that it still manages to be fun.
Think Like a Man is a glossily condensed version of some of Harvey's key ideas, performed by an attractive cast with several moments of highly amusing clarity.
Here is an idea that somehow came to mind... buy the book and skip the movie.
So laugh-out-loud funny that I strongly urge you to sit near the front of the theater, since the audience din drowned out a lot of dialogue at the screening this critic attended.
'Think Like a Man' is a unique achievement in cinema. It is possibly the first two-hour big screen informercial.
When the movie was over, I remember saying, 'Well, that wasn't terrible.' (I'm sure Screen Gems will be calling any moment to put that pull-quote on their DVD cover box.)
The book is plugged so many times visually and verbally that moviegoers might need to check twice to make sure there's not an order form on the back of the ticket stub.
Drastically overlong, burdened by too many stories about too many couples who are too one-dimensional to be relatable.
The film is not only a great romantic and funny film, but it's destined to be a classic! The chemistry among the cast is beyond the charts. Everyone shines, from the leads to the supporting cast, and including those making cameos.
It's a movie that could have been better but works on its own terms - it's funny, clever, and even sweet.
Somewhat cliched relationship comedy has mature romance content.
Hollywood needs a non-fiction self-help book about how to say no to pitches for adaptations of non-fiction, self-help books. Charismatic actors sadly stuck in an omnibus of a rom-com, aka an omni-rom-com
Movies that claim to have answers to life's relationship questions should really offer up those answers.
The result is a solid date-night movie with enough romance to satisfy the ladies and enough laughs to ensure the men won't spend the whole time checking their watches.
The product placement for Harvey's book is a blatant disregard for the audience's intelligence. I felt like I was watching a 3am "ShamWow" infomercial!
It's a solid date movie, definitely one to watch until something better comes along (Full Content Movie Review for Parents also available)
"Think Like a Man" is a surprisingly engaging, entertaining and very funny movie.
The more this alleged romantic comedy begs you to adore it, the more you wish you could block its calls.
The execution almost overcomes the thinking in "Think Like a Man." Almost.
It seeks to rescue contemporary black storytelling from the clutches of men in drag and misogynist moralizing.
Yes, this movie urges women to "Think Like a Man." But it thinks like an infomercial - and for a pretty old-fashioned product.
Despite the crass book promotion, the overlong film is harmless romantic fun that's well played.
Pleasantly sitcom-ish - kind of a knowing, urbane variation on the sort thing that would get more earnest treatment from Tyler Perry.
While using the book as a plot catalyst is certainly not a bad approach to constructing a fictional story from the material, the movie is bogged down from the get-go with too many bits of business and a very lengthy setup.
No amount of charm floating to the top can hide the bland, uninspired underpinnings.
This feather-light confection may lack true insights, but it does offer a lot of heart -- and humor.
Though it is funny - at times, laugh-out-loud funny - this comedy is by and for adults.
Advice to the makers of Think Like a Man: Try thinking like a funny man in the future. Women love men with a sense of humor - and so do audiences.
Even though we have too many characters and too many subplots to follow the movie still comes up short on material.
This unfunny, sexist movie may generate a few laughs if you're easily amused, but it demonstrates that Hollywood has forgotten how to make romantic comedies.
When they aren't quoting the book, the actors occasionally have some genuinely amusing interactions. It's a shame their sole purpose is to hawk a book...
Harvey's a terrific comedian and hosts the heck out of Family Feud, but when it comes to matters of the heart, the man has perverted passion into a moviegoing event that induces conversion disorder.
A running joke is that Mr. Harvey has thrown men under the bus by giving away their secrets. But, gents, if they were secrets they wouldn't be clichés.
Even though Think Like a Man espouses something akin to the philosophy in Beyoncé's Single Ladies(Put a Ring on It), it makes manipulation more fun than it ought to be.
The cast gives the usual rom-com banter as much sizzle as they can, and there's a whole second level of pleasurein seeing these stars get a chance to play romantic leads.
Better than a lot of Hollywood's rom-coms, but the overstuffed plot and uncertain direction defeat the best efforts of its ingratiating cast.
There's not a single conversation that isn't about the mechanics of dating, or some other issue of conflict between the genders, but this cast is so uniformly engaging and charismatic that they make the whole thing work.
Tim Story's latest offers the same kind of smart, funny sensitivity that distinguished the director's 2002 breakthrough, Barbershop.
I'm not going to claim this is a good movie, in some Platonic-ideal way...
A funny, sprawling romantic comedy that attempts to say something significant about relationships. Occasionally, it has the ring of truth.
It quickly becomes exhausting in adhering to its many lessons, all mostly about how women can manipulate the men in their lives to treat them better.
The script ultimately resorts to just counting off comic beats as it creaks through its unfathomable two-hour running time.
"Think Like a Man" is a rare thing: a studio-backed romantic comedy with a who's who of young, attractive, talented African-American actors who aren't relegated to thankless secondary roles.
"Think Like a Man" becomes as tedious as "Valentine's Day," a movie based on a holiday, or "He's Just Not That Into You," a movie based on putdowns disguised as advice.
The cheap production values, excessive length and lackadaisically paced editing ... kill what could have been a sharp comedy.
It wants only to entertain - and it succeeds.
[It's] smart, funny and impossibly good-looking.
We've seen these stories before, but not with this cast. Sometimes that makes all the difference.
For all the laughs, Harvey's thesis - that women have to expect more from the arrested-development crowd that make up "the men of this generation" - rings true.
Think Like A Man isn't the first movie based on a self-help book, but it may be the best.
An ensemble piece that packs more easy enjoyment than I was expecting or, even now, care to admit to.
As romantic comedies based on self-help books go, "Think Like a Man" unfolds pleasantly enough; you know exactly where it's going, but that's probably the case for the book as well.
Relatable moments are easily the highlights of the movie, and they pop up frequently enough to make this boy's club believable.
As cheesy and trite as it comes off from its general outline, the particular pleasures it offers are enjoyable and reasonably consistent.
Male/female relationships unfold as a constant power struggle, and the guys instinctively choose lying over truth every time.
One of the more unpromising comedies of the year has turned out ... pretty funny.
The comedy treats Harvey's book as a Rosetta stone that unlocks the mysteries of men's minds and of male-female relationships.
Anyone who reads advice books about romance has one problem to begin with: bad taste in literature.
These actors all deserve better than being forced to spout dubious relationship advice from an egomaniac.
You've seen "Think Like a Man" before. In fact, you've seen it dozens of times.
You have to give "Think Like a Man" credit for not only trying to serve as an alternative to Tyler Perry-style date-night fare, but for even going so far as to make fun of those movies for their soapy conventions.
Enduring a day-long session of couples' therapy is more fun (and flies by faster) than this film...
Unfortunately, like so many women have prophesied regarding the weaker gender's lack of commitment, there's just not enough follow through.
One of the best mainstream date movies to come out in recent memory.
An attractive, game cast helps liven up this handsome but overlong urban rom-com.
The actors make good company.
A romantic comedy that represents a clash between a very likeable cast and a rather unappealing storyline.
While the result deserves some credit for finding a creative way to bring the book to life, the overlapping storylines simply aren't compelling enough, despite the best efforts of a game and attractive cast.

@highlight

In Think Like a Man , an otherwise standard rom-com is partially elevated by a committed -- and attractive -- cast, resulting in a funny take on modern romance.