Man, what were they smoking? Oh, yeah, right. That.
A good snapshot of an earlier, simpler, more innocent time that seems now even longer ago than it was.
It's touching to see rock stars in such a raw, uncommercial state. And the film, shot on rich-grained 16 mm, has none of the hyper, fast-cutting style of contemporary concert videos.
The music was fabulous--a reason enough to cherish this first-rate documentary.
ultimately feels a little like warm leftovers
Both drive-thru snapshot travelogue of nomad alternative culture, and one-of-a-kind caught moments of intimate jam sessions.
It captures a pure moment in time when musical hearts and minds beat as one, when musicians of all stripes came together to work and play hard and leave behind one damn fine-looking corpse.
Divided between time-capsule concert footage ... and backward-glancing interviews - alas, not enough of the former and too much of the latter.
A very well-assembled piece.
A fascinating, tuneful excursion into the Woodstock Nation, circa 1970.
A rock 'n' roll time capsule that may be the final, great chronicle of the musical brilliance of the late 1960s.
A remarkable cultural document that captures the circus-like atmosphere and the raw and immediate quality of the performances.
From the moment Joplin announces her arrival in the film she holds you rapt under her spell.
Joplin lets loose a version of 'Cry Baby' that should stand as one of the great performances in any concert film.
With her whiskey-marinated, desperate-for-love, full-tilt blooz mama wildcat yowl still intact, Janis Joplin is the best thing about this film...
A time of innocence and hope was rolling away like a train leaving the station, and "Festival Express" gives it a fond farewell.
The road doc format's nothing new, but it preserves such a brief, precious moment in rock history that it'll have fans captivated.
There are sterling concert performances by several bands in peak form.
A delirious piece of pop ephemera, a time capsule set on the cusp between the Summer of Love and the Day the Music Died.
What's most revealing and human about Festival Express are its candid looks at artists bonding aboard the choo-choo.
It's the overnight jam sessions that steal the show.
Here's a chance to listen to the soundtrack for the social upheaval of the late '60s and early '70s.
Filled with some classic rock coments, this fascinating social document should appeal to everyone.
Climb aboard this train, it's an entertaining ride... Some of these musicians may be gone, but they won't be forgotten as long as footage like this exists.
For Joplin fans, this is an absolute must-see. Her soulful renditions of Cry Baby and ... Tell Mama may be the most telling Joplin concert footage ever captured.
A treasure for baby-boomer rockers and a miniature history lesson for younger music fans.
This is the film's most interesting angle: the tension that arises as rabble-rousers fight with cops and rail against the promoters who dared to charge $16 for a daylong concert.
Made with style.
The artists and audiences obviously had a great time at the Festival Express a quarter-century ago, and you'll probably have one at 'Festival Express' today.
The musical performances are the heart of the movie and it's a toss-up whether the spontaneous jams captured on the train or the classic acts on stage are more thrilling.
A fascinating time capsule of unseen moments from the 1960s, both the musical ... and the sociological as the cream of the musical counterculture comes face to face with its own greedy, bullying fans.
The result is satisfying, anchored by wonderful performances, including an aching rendition of Bob Dylan's 'I Shall Be Released' with Manuel singing and Guy's smoking-hot version of 'Money.'
The musical highlights are many, from The Band working through a rousing 'Slippin' & Slidin'' to Buddy Guy jumping off the stage for a blasting guitar solo in the middle of 'Money.'
With the exception of some minor glitches in the sound synchronization and a nighttime performance of The Band's 'The Weight' that is uncharacteristically grainy, the film looks and sounds great.
It emerges as one of the last howls of defiance from the counter-culture decade, made all the more poignant by the fact that many of those involved are no longer around to remember it.
Joplin lends Festival Express the raw gravitas that pushes the doc into the realm of near-greatness.
A fascinating, fly-on- the-wall (or fly-in-the- dining-car) glimpse of some clearly blotto rock legends talking, singing, hanging out.
It's a fun, 90-minute ride, if little more.
It is a rough jewel unearthed, and if you care at all about the era, it will shine for you.
Proves less a revelation than a confirmation that these performers -- who are joined on various stops by bluesman Buddy Guy, Ian and Sylvia's post-folkie incarnation as Great Speckled Bird, and others -- were everything they were cracked up to be.
One of the great rock 'n' roll movies, a treasure trove of music and a wildly entertaining chronicle of a vanished time.
It really is [a joyous time capsule].
Often shot in extreme close-up, Janis, radiant with no makeup, despite a bad skin week, literally takes over the screen. She digs so deeply into her songs, with such cathartic passion, you feel transformed, certainly transfixed.
Despite being filmed on ancient Arriflex cameras, and recorded under difficult circumstances, the performances are as good as any you'd hear today, and far better than most other concert films from rock's early days.
Shows us what we lost -- and what we may never see and hear again.
A wild, lobe-bending ride.
Though documentary contains invaluable scenes of Janis Joplin relaxing and jamming, the film is mostly a concert movie with the occasional testimony from who was there.
A vivid record of live acts whose rough-edged immediacy is an integral part of their appeal.
A delicious pop time capsule full of small moments and grand rock 'n' roll gestures.
Joplin, showing why her live performances became so legendary, cocktail- shakes her musical ferocity with her touching vulnerability and scorches the orchestra seats with a blast of regurgitated Bessie Smith.
Its famous passengers celebrate with delirious joy the pure, unadulterated magic of music.
Although their on-board antics are mighty entertaining, it's the extraordinary performances -- including Joplin's historic, heart-rending 'Cry Baby' -- that lift this movie into the cannon of classic festival films.
It's the impromptu jams on the train ... particularly one featuring an inebriated Rick Danko, The Dead's Jerry Garcia and Joplin, that are both powerful and sad given all three performers are now dead.
Festival Express is musical nirvana! In fact, if you're into (read: INTO) Janis Joplin, Gerry Garcia or The Band stop reading now and run to see this film.
Captures not only top-notch stage performances by some long-gone supertalents in their prime, but happy jamming and general good fun in the club cars between gigs.
Pulled out of archives, garages and more than 30 years of legal limbo, about 70 hours of film have been carefully assembled into what amounts to a new rockumentary classic.
Captured the imagination of a generation on the cusp of a musical and social cataclysm.
Full of bright colors, offbeat people, tuneful sounds.
Festival Express seems to step directly out its period and is guaranteed to thrill both survivors of those times and younger viewers who may know little of them.
By the end of the tour, the booze-and- drug-soaked conveyance has, as one participant puts it, 'achieved liftoff,' and scenes of a final onboard party are both ecstatic and poignant.
Exhuberant, outrageous, and seriously smokin'.... an instant classic.
Given the heavy concentration of old folkies, the on-train jams are fascinating.
Festival Express only delivers, at its best, a mild contact high.
Rock's great lost concert film, a backstage pass to the wildest and woolliest ride in the history of the music.
It sheds new light on psychedelic rock and shows viewers heretofore unseen, career-defining performances by some legends.
Long-lost documentary footage of '70s stars emerges and makes an oft-revisited era fresh and exciting.
The film virtually proves that rock 'n' roll is here to stay.
This is the filmed fun of musicians enjoying what they do.
It is no exaggeration to say this could be the movie event of the year.
A bittersweet and haunting tribute to that tumultuous -- yet glorious -- adventure across Canada.
Should rightfully take its place in rock history as one of the great performance films of all time.
A real rush! ... You'll have almost as much fun listening to the music as the bands did producing it.
A clever look at the period, even if it does slightly sidestep the politics.







@highlight

Festival Express is a spellbinding documentary that nostalgically chronicles five days in the summer of 1970, when a train full of now- legendary rock perfomers jammed its way across Canada.