Viewers won't be all that surprised by the big moments in Million Dollar Arm, but they will be charmed by its small moments (be on the lookout for Amit's coaching debut).
These cliches are handled in such a deft manner by Gillespie as to make the overall package quite heartwarming.
The movie certainly found the right screenwriter in Tom McCarthy.
Million Dollar Arm is presented in a largely predictable package aimed at tugging on the heartstrings. It takes a while, but it manages to get there in the end.
Given its its male-weepy genre, the "inspirational sports movie based on a true story," Million Dollar Arm is surprisingly enjoyable.
A well-made, enjoyably predictable, by-the-numbers sports drama.
Hamm and Bell have real chemistry together and the supporting players - apart from Arkin's perfunctory performance - uniformly keep pace with the leads.
The art of the deal gives way to matters of the heart, giving viewers a game changer both charming and uplifting.
"Million Dollar Arm" is bland and overlong at 124 minutes. Simply put, there is nothing here of interest.
Based on a true story, this is one of those relentlessly uplifting Disney movies that mixes comedy and emotion to inspire and move the audience.
Craig Gillespie's by-numbers schmaltzathon never transcends its tourist's-eye views of India or patronisingly cliched views of its people.
Jon Hamm turns on the charm and scores a home run.
In its own gently comical way, Million Dollar Arm plays up the misunderstandings between Hollywood and India -- as well as the mutual fascination.
A likeable and agreeable movie.
Though it doesn't offer much by way of freshness, Million Dollar Arm is about as enjoyable as a predictable film gets, thanks to a feel good mix of genuine heart and wit.
It might sound like a superhero movie but Million Dollar Arm is a stirringly human drama based on a true story and a welcome reminder that extraordinary feats can be achieved by mere mortals.
A cold, hard business story, reshaped by Disney into a warm, fuzzy hug.
There's nothing wildly unpredictable on offer here, but it still winningly manages to sneak its way past your defences.
The steady hand of director Craig Gillespie (whose previous work includes the off-kilter Lars and the Real Girl) is evident throughout, and the result is warm, witty and thoroughly entertaining.
Hamm's charm works well playing a debonair scoundrel on television but in this bland, family friendly offering, it's a resource that's quickly drained.
Very funny underdog comedy that's genuinely heartwarming and full of charm.
A cross between Bend It Like Beckham and Cool Runnings, you can see what Disney is pitching from a mile away, but it's polished and pleasant.
Hamm and Bell keep this hooey light, but you can't lob a ball in here without hitting notes played better in Jerry Maguire and Slumdog Millionaire.
You don't have to be a sports fan to like this movie, and even when it's getting predictable you'll probably find yourself enjoying it anyway. It's not brilliant or daring, but it's got genuine heart...
... has trouble finding the strike zone, and in the baseball-movie canon, is likely to be relegated to the bullpen.
As far as sports movies go, like Hamm, it's immensely likeable.
"Million Dollar Arm" benefits from a strong performance by Jon Hamm in the lead and a top-notch supporting cast.
Its true story actually smells rather fishy in that almost everything about it plays as manufactured schmaltz.
...it ultimately seems obvious that this material is inherently not able to sustain a feature-length endeavor.
It's everything you expect a Disney "inspirational sports movie" to be.
A Grand Slam
Achieves a certain emotional authenticity even as the viewer anticipates exactly which heart string will be plucked and how.
Million Dollar Arm scores a triple.
Million Dollar Arm could be subtitled The Best Exotic Marigold Pitching Mound.
Although this film is based on a true story, it looks as if the facts were smashed to a paste which was then molded into the exact shape of a typical sports underdog story. It works.
It doesn't have a mean bone in its overly long body of a script. The touch of Disney, a family-friendly PG rating and a baseball story add up to a crowd-pleaser in 'Million Dollar Arm.'
Sappy, saccharine, and predictable to the point where it's almost painful.
An uplifting and inspirational tale
It so thoroughly pillages 'Jerry Maguire' you expect 'Arm's' core crop of Indian athletes to start screaming 'show me the rupees!'
Million Dollar Arm, you had me at Jerry Maguire.
It may not be the most memorable film out there, but Million Dollar Arm is a fine film that the whole family can enjoy.
All the potential edges have been sanded off. And so, a quite remarkable true story, no matter how truthfully told, feels like a formulaic fable.
The money matters dilute the sports angle so much it keeps the film from being the home run it should have been. But it still drives home some entertaining and sweet moments.
More cynical viewers might wish for a more cynical movie, but for anyone who wants to bask in a ray of early summer sunshine, this uplifting, spirit-boosting tale could be just your ticket.
The true-life story glosses over reality. ... Still, theirs is a remarkable accomplishment with all the elements of a counterprogramming crowd-pleaser.
For a heart-warming movie that praises risk taking and out of the box thinking, Million Dollar Arm plays its narrative surprisingly safe.
Everything that needs to be there is there. But the emotional side proves the weakest because this movie never stops throwing pitches.
A completely by-the-numbers affair.
Luckily, a terrific cast that includes Alan Arkin, Suraj Sharma, Bill Paxton, Pitobash Tripathy and Madhur Mittal holds this unwieldy thing together. (Bill Paxton, Jon Hamm or Lake Bell in the cast of any film is generally a good sign.)
Based on true events, this is a heartwarming, uplifting, feel-good family film - in the popular Disney underdog sports genre.
No surprises here. SLUMDOG MILLIONAIRE meets JERRY MAGUIRE.
Million Dollar Arm's biggest strength is its sneaky way of making you care about its characters. Sure, it's clichéd, but it's perfectly fine Sunday afternoon movie fare.
A charming cast makes it succeed, but a lack of willingness to really push boundaries never lets it become anything more.
The best thing that can be said about Million Dollar Arm is that it wears its emotions honestly. But as a fan of baseball, I have to say that matchups are always more interesting when you go into that first inning unaware of who's going to win the game.
Feel-good sports dramedy is a fine pick for tweens.
JB is not the wisest of men and Million Dollar Arm makes no bones about him being a character in need of an upward arc. Even so, the movie never sacrifices the other characters as mere handmaidens to his growth.
Million Dollar Arm, based on true events, did a fairly good job of keeping me engaged even though I knew exactly where it was going every step of the way.
Million Dollar Arm is like taking a tour bus ride with a competent guide: You know exactly where it's going, but you like the company.
Clueless and simple, but cheerful enough to wear away some cynicism.
There is a gaping hole where "Million Dollar Arm"'s heart should be that widens to crater-size in the second half.
The potentially huge audience for "Million Dollar Arm" deserves a better movie, less derivative and cynical and more like something real. What a concept.
Million Dollar Arm is cute, cloying, simplistic, borderline offensive ... and thoroughly effective.
Million Dollar Arm spoils the Disney sports movie hot streak with the vengeance that David Ortiz does no-hitters.
It's always okay when a baseball movie goes into extra innings.
Same old slow-pitch fluff that can be seen coming from a mile away.
A formulaic but strong Disney family drama that works better than it should.
It speaks to the importance of loving the game that you're playing, and that is never a bad thing, even when it takes an extra 20 minutes to say it.
The story is ultimately about the agent learning that this situation isn't entirely about him. The movie itself never learns that lesson.
It's conventional, dutifully touching all the bases on its way around the pre-established formula, but it succeeds anyway thanks to its considerable charm and oversized heart.
Hamm and Bell are likeable actors with terrific timing. The location shots in Mumbai are beautiful, chaotic and jarring. The script is amusing.
Million Dollar Arm pulls so hard on your heartstrings, it tears most of the tendons in its pitching arm.
We're supposed to thrill to the thawing of Bernstein's chilly persona, which Hamm, still reeking of Don Draper, does not really sell.
The predictable and formulaic movie you expect it to be, but it's so warm and loving, you are willing to go along with it.
It might not be a cinematic grand slam that would get spectators jumping up and down in delight, but it's clearly an outing that most everyone can immensely enjoy. (Complete Content Review for Parents also available)
Hamm doesn't embarrass himself as Bernstein, but the role is hollow -- a savvy guy who needs to learn how nice and lovable he can be.
You can see the stuff "Million Dollar Arm" throws at you from miles away, but that doesn't stop this baseball movie from being genially enjoyable.
[A] watchable but rambling, flaccid movie ...
Among other things, lacks a noteworthy performance to ground an otherwise loosely-constructed film.
a hard movie to dislike
It's not offensive or bad, it's just plain.
So, inspirational sports movies are not that easy to churn out... even with a handsome, likable star.
An unusual story and sharp talents have been put through the Disney family-film machinery and come out flattened into formula. It's an average movie, and that isn't bad - just average.
A superb sports drama about the spiritual transformation of a sports agent.
Million Dollar Arm ... can never outrun the fact that its basic approach to its subject matter is flawed.
"Million Dollar Arm" presents a particularly flagrant case of a true story reprocessed into a feel-good fable that rings false.
Talk about high concept - a desperate sports agent who doesn't value the woman right under his nose (um, "Jerry Maguire") crossed with an Indian kid hoping to win a million dollars (duh) topped off with a double dose of classic fish-out-of-water subplots.
It obeys every convention of the genre. But it does so with understatement, style and an exceptional group of actors who bring just the right balance of humor and restraint to their roles.
"Million Dollar Arm" is a baseball movie that pulls off a smooth triple play.
Gets partway to home base but fades by trading scrappy for sappy.
An innocuous crowd-pleaser...[a] wholesome, pleasant but incredibly formulaic and predictable inspirational fact-based sports tale.
(In)the subsequent hour or so, it gradually reveals just enough charm to overcome its many deficiencies, mostly in the storytelling department.
This is, essentially, a corporation's idea of what an inspirational sports movie looks like, one filled with synergies and international-marketing-as-heroism
Gillespie's direction and McCarthy's script refuse to dumb this material down to make it more palatable than the obviously feel-good tale it already is.
This movie is box-office safe, a comfortable, predictable and mildly uplifting story given just enough spin and speed to get it across the plate.
Charming and compelling, even when you know what pitch is coming.
Like JB's persona, Million Dollar Arm is flawed, but also slickly presented and likable.
"Million Dollar Arm" is as predictable as a 3-and-0 pitch down the middle, but when it's baseball season, who wants dark clouds?
The movie is warm and sweet and surprisingly short of speeches extolling the magic of baseball while still reminding us why our national pastime always looks so appealing in the movies.
It all feels labored. In fact, very little of the comedy raises even a smile.
The filmmakers have cast their underdogs well: Madhur Mittal plays the anxious, upright Dinesh; Suraj Sharma is the loose-limbed, pizza-loving Rinku; and they're both funny and endearing.
Go ahead. Dismiss this fact-based sports story as inspirational hooey. But you're missing the point and the fun.
It's such a lazy slow pitch down the middle at audiences - particularly the cross-culture humor that borders on racist. I call ball, just outside.
"Arm" Just the Same Old Game.
The scope is at times too epic. The heightened emotions, though, are in the hands of a strong cast.
A chai-flavored tale of emotional growth and personal redemption that is part "Slumdog Millionaire," part "Jerry Maguire," and straight out of the "Cool Runnings" school of unlikely sports stories.
Its wince-worthy moments, when people aren't treating other people the way they should be treated, feel honest and emerge naturally from the true-ish story.
Like your beloved but slightly bigoted grandfather, "Million Dollar Arm" is so touchingly unaware of its problems that scolding it seems pointless.
Can't hang with the pros.
Strength of personality keeps the feature grounded, and while the effort plays to the rafters at times, it often earns its fuzzy feelings.
The lessons are broad, familiar, and largely un-compelling.
There's an ugly veneer of imperialism driving the film, not because it is deliberately disrespectful to its Indian characters, but because it treats them as little more than props.
Despite its overstuffed baggage and slightly bloated running time, "Million Dollar Arm" is good fun, particularly with popcorn.
I actually felt better after I saw it than when I entered the theater. But there's no denying that the clichés are sometimes a distraction.
The film paints all the numbers the right color, but it does so without passion or joy.
In its efforts to inspire, the true story eventually comes off as phony.
Million Dollar Arm is a dithering, uncertain film from an era of dithering uncertainty, when baseball has become a thriving global enterprise but long ago lost its aura of specialness in American life.
I'd be lying if I said the movie didn't get me a few times. But that's the thing about schmaltz: Just because you can see it coming doesn't mean you can resist it.
Million Dollar Arm is a safe, conventional sports drama bolstered by strong performances and a rousing story.
It's all very pleasant, very inspiring, just not very surprising.
There's only one way this is going to go, and that's not a bad thing; films like this are essentially comfort food.
There's no denying the feel good vibes of a well-crafted athletic drama... But the story of two Indian strong arms shipped from Mumbai to Major League Baseball training camp veers dangerously close to the all-too-common savior narrative.
Harping on a genuinely spirited and uplifting feel gooder is a little like booing the team mascot for acting too goofy on the field.
Genuinely heartwarming, uplifting and wholesome. It's a pleasantly diverting antidote to the many loud, shallow and action-packed summer blockbusters. An ideal sports drama for the entire family.
Patronizing, generally inoffensive, long. And kind of dull.
Bafflingly, the Indian athletes become supporting players in their own movie, which is, in actuality, the account of one rich white guy's journey toward realizing that baseball is supposed to be fun and Lake Bell is cute enough to settle for.
Let's not nitpick. It's a baseball movie! It's heart-warming, and hey, it has Jon Hamm. Enough said.
So casually wrong-headed in its storytelling that it personifies the thorny concept of white privilege -o one involved in the movie considered whether this was actually the white guy's story they were telling.
Every emotional beat is calculated ...
The script by the estimable Tom McCarthy hits all the Screenwriting 101 beats of an underdog tale, but those predictable elements are bolstered by rich character relationships.
McCarthy's script has an emotional honesty and a spareness that make it seem sincere rather than schmaltzy..Will lift your spirits and choke you up at the same time.
Yes, it has a dicey premise but the movie plays like a million bucks.
Despite the pulsing South Asian score that gives the film some energy, it's not even a slumdog hundredaire.
Much of Million Dollar Arm is pretty good for a movie committed to the wrong character's story.
"Million Dollar Arm" never focuses on anything but its calculated marketing and formulaic plot, or bothers to take a look - a real look - at the interesting world around it.
Though "Million Dollar Arm" has an undeniable sweetness, there's a persistent phoniness to the script that leaves its twists and turns feeling manufactured rather than earned.
a feel-good story that raises cultural questions that the film doesn't seem terribly interested in answering... an easy triple in the grand Disney tradition.
Dutifully covering all the requisite inspirational sports movie/fish-out-of-water bases yet still managing to throw a few fresh curves into the mix, Disney's Million Dollar Arm assuredly hits a home run.
Like a mangy dog that plops its head in your lap and gazes adoringly at you until you scratch it behind the ears. Eventually, you give in and scratch. And then you wash your hands.
This sharp, slickly produced addition to the Disney sports movie canon works as both a stirring underdog tale and as a revealing look at the expanding global footprint of the American sports-entertainment machine.

@highlight

Pleasant to a fault, Million Dollar Arm is a middle-of-the-plate pitch that coasts on Jon Hamm's considerable charm without adding any truly original curves to Disney's inspirational sports formula.