[Doghouse] certainly adds a fun new twist to the becoming-tired-at-lightning-speed zombie subgenre.
A Mad Magazine-style zombie-fest that chomps on PC sensibilities like they're made out of obnoxious male flesh.
Doghouse is in no way substantive, but it is kind of an enjoyable goof, if you're in the mood for such a thing.
Doghouse is a very entertaining time-waster and definitely one for the boys %u2013 break out the beers and just have some fun.
Female zombies are the perfect excuse to show women being beaten up by men. In its trashy way, the film has just enough exuberance to be classified as harmless.
A dim zombie comedy.
You could say that this is one step up from the ghastly Lesbian Vampire Killers, since it suggests they are getting what they deserve from the other sex. But that step is a short one.
A grotesque misogynistic romp, Doghouse is too laddish and corny to even hold a candle to the witty Shaun Of The Dead. Perhaps Lesbian Vampire Killers wasn't so bad after all.
The magic ingredient here is Dan Schaffer's sly script, which constantly undercuts the film's inherently sexist premise.
Like going on a stag-do with people you hate, this beta-male bilge is far too Neanderthal to do much more than drag its knuckles on the ground and sniff the rears of other, better films.
Jake West's low-budget British movie Doghouse is so jaw-droppingly bonkers that it actually deserves to be seen.
The acting's just awful, the misogyny undeniable, but the odd flash of Shaun of the Dead-style inventiveness means you forgive it buckets.
"On the piss. On the pull. On the menu", quoth the poster, but munching on Dyer looks like it might pose a health risk even for the undead. Hideous, all of it.
It sounds like a straight-to-DVD stinker doesn't it? It's pleasantly surprising to report therefore, that Doghouse isn't one of the worst films of the year and is in fact a hilarious, PC brigade-baiting romp.
A sexist, unoriginal but entertaining bit of fun. And isnt that exactly what you want some Saturday nights?
The sort of testosterone-fuelled Brit-pic tailor-made for a profanity-filled viewing through the beer-goggles on a Friday after a curry and a belly-full of ale.
A brisk, lurid and funny bit of popcorn tat.
A nicely gory comedy-horror flick that is a diverting bit of lads' entertainment.
Daft but fun.
If Shaun of the Dead is the gold standard of British zombie comedy, and Lesbian Vampire Killers is a tin-plated knock-off, then Doghouse must be ... Ratners.
Trashy, frequently silly, but no less enjoyable, this British horror comedy is never particularly scary, but it has some nice ideas and delivers several big laughs.
It's far too cheesy to be either scary or funny.
Doghouse looks as if it was knocked out in a day by amateurs, as the afternoon activity on a not-very-good stag do.
If you're the sort of baby-brained, lads mag-buying moron who thinks Shaun of the Dead could have been improved with the addition of gleeful misogyny, terrible jokes and Danny Dyer, then Doghouse is the film for you.

@highlight

An amateurish, unfunny and unscary British horror-comedy that could be accused of misogyny.