Much of the film follows the expected sports film arc, but the performances, including Laura Dern as Beverly Ladouceur, are so spot-on, it's an enjoyable ride despite its familiarity.
None of [its] flaws are critical wounds to the film's overall feel, which, aside from some annoying product placement by way of the fine people at Dick's Sporting Goods, comes across as sincere.
The moral that football isn't everything seems inherently irreconcilable with a football movie, though.
Mixes bland dialogue, formulaic sports-movie plot points, and vague Christian teachings with some disturbingly naïve racial overtones. The story risks inducing concussion as it pounds and thumps its message home, over and over.
We've seen the 'Full eyes, clear hearts, can't lose' ethic before on screen, and more winningly dramatized, but When the Game Stands Tall does a good, and family-friendly, job of encapsulating Ladouceur's 'winning' approach...
... has its share of embellishments and formulaic tangents, and turns predictable in the second half, with a more traditional structure leading to an obligatory big-game finale.
...almost as bad as that moment in cinematic history when the real Buzz Aldrin has a conversation with Optimus Prime. Should be retitled: When the Facts Don't Matter
A strong contender for the worst football movie ever made...
Ultimately, though, it's as sappy and superficial as its title-it feels good on the surface, but it doesn't mean much at all.
This insipid, formulaic sports drama fumbles, even though it's filled with earnest intentions.
Despite having a unique message, When the Game Stands Tall is pretty boring stuff.
When the Game Stands Tall is an incomplete pass of a Sports-piration film.
Caviezel's performance is so low-key, it almost feels like he's standing on the sidelines of the movie in which he's supposed to be starring.
When the Game Stands Tall is a mess of a film that gets lost in its inability to tell a single story.
Inspiring in a bland sort of way and doesn't come close to standing as tall as the title.
It is the kind of family film that seeks to negate criticism of any type by declaring itself "clean" and "decent" and ultimately spiritual.
When the film is over, you're not likely to stand up and cheer.
Football biopic has positive messages but doesn't score.
The movie suffers from something even more than the stale dialogue and Brown's overacting. It's the sound effects of the action on the field.
An uninspiring sports melodrama.
When the Game Stands Tall is one of those cliché-riddled feel good movies that, by trying too hard to be inspirational, ends up as cloying and overly sentimental.
The real-life story behind When the Game Stands Tall sounds amazing. But for all its exciting sports scenes, the movie version falls flat as drama.
Trips over itself while trying to sell its product very hard as a faith-based blockbuster.
Most often in its early stages, the melodrama onscreen edges precipitously close to dissolving into a puddle of platitudinous pabulum served in the manner of a rote Sunday school lesson.
A faith-friendly sports film that's more interested in extolling character than in developing characters.
It's hard to buy the piffle that lasts for almost two hours. Almost every time Ladouceur says anything it's backed up by music so maudlin it eventually becomes laughable, as if everything Ladouceur says should be carved in marble.
The unique hooks of When the Game Stands Tall do as much to muddle its message as distinguish it from the usual cliches of high school sports dramas.
Has the playbook to create a compelling, engaging and even inspirational football film, but fumbles nearly every opportunity to create another gridiron classic.
Tune in tomorrow for another episode of As the Football Spirals.
They say it's not about football. That's ironic since the on-field scenes are the best thing about this melodramatic, oddly un-engaging sports drama.
Why must an extraordinary story beget such an ordinary film?
A true tale of high school football achievement becomes a strained, by-the-numbers grab bag of uplift in the Christian sports drama "When the Game Stands Tall."
When the Game Stands Tall achieves a functional dramatic hold in its peddled veneration of family, humility, devotion and other working-class values.
When the Game Stands Tall is more manipulative than a hulking chiropractor. It's so busy beatifying its protagonist that it makes him into a grave idol rather than a man.
Too often, the story falls prey to strained melodrama, such as when a star running back (Alexander Ludwig) confronts his trophy-seeking father (Clancy Brown).
While it's not awful and has a smattering of decent, if scattered moments, this is a fairly bland sports drama offering. (Complete Parental Content Review also available)
This is a different kind of sports movie but it's also one that is undermined by cliches and bland dialogue.
High school football can be described as a religion in many parts of America. Sappily melodramatic When the Game Stands Tall skips the middle man and blends both in a weak-willed, clichéd biopic of California coach Bob Ladouceur.
The movie's football games are exciting and engaging, but the off-field drama is schmaltzy, trite and manipulative, geared toward helping you shed a tear or two.
This dreary assemblage of every possible sports cliché has one thing in common with the game it portrays. Every time it seems to be going somewhere, it stops.
Die-hard football fans likely will be the first to notice how bogus it is for the film to try to present this team as underdogs.
The movie raises religious and philosophical questions about whether what we put out in the world is returned to us, but it sticks with the ultimate American answer: There is no problem so great that winning a football game won't solve it.
In the end, the only real impact is limited to a few scenes ...
It's as if the filmmakers somehow think they've got the relaxed narrative confines of "Friday Night Lights" the TV series to play with, rather than "Friday Night Lights" the movie. The game plan is flawed.
Overall, "When the Game Stands Tall" feels like a post-loss locker-room speech: meaningful, but less than inspirational.
The game stands way too tall - head and shoulders above the real people that made the sacrifices and put in the work to make this story worth telling.
When it comes down to fourth and goal, the movie is more about moving the pigskin than moving the audience.
When the Game Stands Tall feels as if it will connect with the audiences at which it's aimed.
Treats football like this summer's "Godzilla" reboot treated radioactive dinosaurs, eking out game-day and practice footage before piling it on so thick that the last minutes become an instantly forgettable blur of clashing helmets and torn-up turf.
Workmanlike rather than inspired...well-intentioned but heavy-handed.
When Ladouceur gets offered a contract to coach for a major college, it gets treated like a scene from Faust. That's how goody-two-shoes this movie is
The game footage is outstanding, very realistic. Even when the outcome of games is never in question - which is often - it's still exciting to watch.
This sports biopic mounts a goal line stand between inspirational and dull.
[The film] makes a commendable effort to invest the inspirational sports movie with some deeper meaning but simultaneously labors to keep all the genre cliches firmly in place.
Undeserving of a victory dance
The greater narrative always remains on track, often leading to unexpected places.
It's an impossible standard, maybe, but in 42 minutes, TV's Friday Night Lights delivered all-star-level emotional complexity and action. When the Game Stands Tall is strictly JV squad.
The football action scenes are expertly choreographed, with inventive camera angles, an on-the-field feel and a lot of visceral action. For most people, that'll be enough.
Every personal setback, medical emergency, or tragedy is just what happens in between one season, game, or practice and the next.
I like where When the Game Stands Tall goes, though I don't like all of how it gets there. Clear eyes, full hearts, narrow victory.
Jim Caviezel commits only to the level of God-like omniscience that Mel Gibson whipped into him a decade ago.
"Friday Night Lite"...starring "the Hoarse Whisperer."
It's easier to appreciate what When The Games Stands Tall doesn't do than it is to admire what it does.
'When the Game Stands Tall" is nearly as good as the average episode of TV's "Friday Nights Lights," which makes it better than most movies and one of the better sports films of recent years.
Goes long on rectitudinous sermonizing but comes up short on gridiron thrills or genuine love for the game.
I walked out of the theater feeling like I'd seen an extremely glossy docudrama.

@highlight

An uneasy blend of solid game sequences and threadbare inspirational sports drama clichés, When the Game Stands Tall is overshadowed by better players in a crowded field.