Baywatch was garbage...in the end, it doesn't quite get to guilty-pleasure level.
The key is to not think too much. Remember that.
A good background noise, popcorn filck kind of movie...overall kind of dry, slow and off balance.
What the director and writers have done is turn something that's considered by many to be dumb-but-fun into an overlong, unfunny film that's just plain dumb.
Baywatch is so off-base on every level that it nearly made me want to quit my career as a film critic.
Self-awareness is what got Zac Efron and his co-star The Rock where they are today, and so a riff on Baywatch, sending up how daft it was, feels like just the ticket. So why isn't it sillier?
... flopping fish of a comedy...
Sure, you might get a chuckle or two, but you have to come stronger in the seen-it-all-before era we live in today.
The radiating charisma and talent from Dwayne Johnson and Zac Efron come very, very close to saving Baywatch
... the vulgarity can reach unimaginable heights. [Full review in Spanish]
Baywatch had so much riding on it but it just couldn't live up to the original series.
It's as if we're seeing the product of no one behind the scenes caring about what's going in front of the camera.
The biggest disappointment of this feature is that it's not even so bad it's good.
Eventually, even the deliberate bad jokes dry up and the gorgeous beach shots struggle to keep you under its 'future vacation' dream spell.
Efron, who reportedly exercised himself down to 5% body fat, plays up the "swimming Bad Boy" character for laughs, though as the film progresses you do begin to feel a little affinity for him.
Johnson -- a man so strong he can pluck an endangered beauty from a burning boat with one arm -- is an undeniably charismatic presence.
Fortunately, what keeps this film afloat - barely - is its spot-on casting. Everyone is picture perfect.
There are more than a few instances of jokes falling with a thud or succumbing to pervasive predictability over the course of its nearly two hours on the screen, leaving Baywatch awash in a sea of mediocrity.
With minor appearances from some of the original cast, it's unlikely to evoke too much nostalgia-if indeed such a thing existed for the original.
In general terms, the tape drowns in the middle of a dull script and does not come out completely afloat. [Full review in Spanish]
Baywatch's smug smirk of a reaction to its own sloppiness makes it even more infuriating.
Forget the movie's amped-up ocean rescues: Someone was needed to rescue a screenplay that should have been beached.
The new Baywatch is supposed to be a knowing wink to that already winking original, but all that winking adds up. It seems less sly than manic, like it's clobbering you with elbow nudges.
At least Hasselhoff's dumb show didn't actively make you feel worse about the state of the world.
The'Baywatch reboot is mildly diverting but altogether dull. Summer fun shouldn't feel like such a chore.
Superficial, cheesy and most notably, ridiculous; Baywatch rests somewhere between a homage to the hit television show and an R-rated parody.
Director Seth Gordon fails to present us with a product full of technical glitches that are very noticeable, like the visual effects used in the film, because they feel extremely false. [Full review in Spanish]
Sadly, it's yet another disingenuous, botched adaptation that wants to make money off of the fan base, while conveying obvious embarrassment toward the property.
An awful, interminable TV remake...
I think the chemistry between The Rock and Zac Efron is good, but the film is bad. [Full review in Spanish]
The lack of pretension of in this film is evident and that makes the thing work as a summer entertainment. [Full review in Spanish]
Baywatch could be a disposable and effective pop referent for these times, but was content to be a mediocre adaptation. [Full review in Spanish]
Overall Baywatch has a committed, beautiful and charming cast but fails to give them a fun story to work with, instead we are left with something that is not offensively bad just intermittently daft.
Baywatch is another poor Hollywood attempt to capitalize on nostalgia. [Full review in Spanish]
Crude as hell and full of self-references, this loving parody of the 1990s hit series stars Zac Efron and Dwayne Johnson in a sun-filled party-like lark full of sand, sun, surf and slo-mo...a slick, well-directed diversion.
A film that only seeks to exploit nostalgia and tries to do (without success) what 21 Jump Street managed to revive a tv show and bring it to the big screen. [Full review in Spanish]
The superheroes of today are bent on pushing comedies, and the half heroes who inhabit Baywatch deliver a comedy to their measure. [Full review in Spanish]
It mixes too many unfinished things to know how to do it to make the whole thing work. [Full review in Spanish]
Dwayne Johnson struggles to hold a comedy in search of its own identity. [Full review in Spanish]
A very light comedy with a lot of swearing in it. Beyond that, they didn't add anything new to the concept of the series on which it is based. [Full review in Spanish]
Suffice it to say, too, that there's a lot of delight to be had in the frothy union of the Bay and the Watch, much of it coming from Johnson, who carries the whole of this movie on his epically chiseled lats.
It was difficult by its origin that this film was a masterpiece, at least it could've been more funny and surpass the original series (which isn't much to ask for). [Full review in Spanish]
Instead of relying on the freshness of the series, it ends up being a banal, inexplicable and unnecessary updating. [Full review in Spanish]
Here is a film so poor, so half-arsed, and so contemptuous of its audience, that it screws up one of the great, (previously) infallible tropes of contemporary cinema: the David Hasslehoff cameo.
It's a long haul and despite his rescue efforts, the one-joke script fails to make it.
Baywatch makes CHIPS look like Citizen Kane.
An utter waste of production resources as well as viewers' time and money.
The guffaws were few and far between.
Everything in this movie is a miss.
It is true that Baywatch probably won't be the best film you see this year, but it wasn't trying to be that in the first place. It's silly, over-the-top, cheesy on a high-cholesterol level, and deliberately so.
Sadly, this movie falls back on cheap jokes that simply aren't that funny. Fans of Dwayne Johnson and Zac Efron will still have a good time -- they're both unstoppably engaging -- but the truth is that this simply isn't good enough.
Baywatch is a rare movie in one sense: it starts with a good plan, to spoof the 1980s and 90s television series on which it is based, and sticks to it.
Gets everything dismally wrong, up to and including the 'bloopers' shown over the credits - always a sign of desperation.
The people who need saving the most in Baywatch are the likable cast with nothing to do but look good in a movie that's otherwise a conceptual disaster.
Let it drown.
When a movie is so good at analysing its own shortcomings, it's time to reach for drowning metaphors.
Witless, crude and deeply disappointing.
Baywatch is the latest in an increasingly long line of TV adaptation misfires, and it's one with some of the biggest names attached.
It takes a special kind of effort to make the worst movie of the year. It's only May, but we have a leading contender.
The only thing to say about the Baywatch movie is that it could have been worse.
It boasts unpardonably terrible CGI, even worse green screen effects, and the maturity of a 12-year-old boy whose internet privileges have been revoked.
I feel duty bound to kick sand in the face of director Seth Gordon. But to be honest, I just don't have it in me. I found myself laughing seven or eight times during his Baywatch spoof.
[A] pained, inane take on crime-fighting lifeguards.
Good cast is wasted in this unfunny, predictable and flat wave of a film. [Full review in Spanish]
Teeters between absurdity and earnestness.
[Baywatch] won't make anyone think about anything, except maybe about where to plan their next vacation where they, too, can run in slo-mo on the sand. But, with everything else going on in the world these days, that may not be such a bad thing.
Baywatch's action sequences have plenty of explosive charge. And the underwater scenes are vividly realised. The set-up is also well considered - since it includes moviegoers in the joke with a minimum of winks and nudges.
From scene to scene, it's never quite clear whether this Baywatch is paying tribute to its model or sending it up.
Dwayne Johnson, forever miscast in vehicles built to human dimensions, finally has room to stretch.
You know you're sunk when even the outtakes of a comedy aren't funny.
There is some sweetness, some vulgarity, a bit of improv weirdness and some nerd-gets-hot-girl wish fulfilment. You would think that by dint of trying all angles, at least one joke would land, but you would be wrong.
The sheer ineptitude in execution, coupled with the desperation to extract a big budget action/comedy vibe from such a creatively bankrupt project, is almost fascinating enough to warrant a scared straight program for budding producers.
Baywatch is exactly what you expect. At least it's fun.
While Baywatch ain't all bad -- it stars the unfeasibly likeable Dwayne Johnson, for cryin' out loud -- there isn't enough good stuff to fill a two-hour movie.
Baywatch might've been more watchable if it managed to have a bit more actual fun, not dunce-level antics masquerading as fun.
An unfunny script doesn't get funnier just because it gets to use the F-word. Making a plotline more complicated doesn't make it more interesting or more meaningful. Easter eggs are only fun if they're clever.
Baywatch is easily one of the worst films of the summer and one that I hope audiences won't spend any of their hard-earned money on.
"This sounds like an entertaining but far-fetched TV show!" exclaims Efron's character. Oh, we know, Zac. Because it's a "Baywatch" movie. Good joke.
What a wasted chance at, ahem, a bouncy start of the summer movie season.
Once its ravishing veneer has worn off, you are left only with cheap special effects, limp writing and the absence of comedic inspiration. On the other hand, if tiny swimsuits and tinier intellects are your thing, look no further.
The best joke in the movie is one that comes at the expense of fans.
Cynical and gross.
If the writers intended it as an out-and-out parody, it needs to be funnier than this.
Thank heaven for Dwayne Johnson, whose foot-wide smile will not be switched off, and who saves the life of the movie. Whether it deserves to be saved is another matter.
Baywatch ain't great, but after such duds as that King Arthur clunker and the latest Jack Sparrow droppings, you could do worse than a day at the beach.
a mishmash of puerile humor, egregious comic timing, and so many genitalia jokes that one ponders the self-esteem surrounding such things of the writers involved in formulating them.
The pair have good chemistry, but the film falls apart when Gordon tries (too hard) to turn it into a crime caper.
Snarky and slyly splashy, it's a raunchy big-screen riff on TV's '90s action-comedy.
The idea of lifeguards playing detective is so fundamentally ridiculous that making fun of it never gets old.
Not even Dwayne Johnson's buoyant charm nor Zac Efron's self-mocking cool can prevent this wantonly crude Baywatch reboot from sinking like a stone.
More surreal stuff like [the opening], and you might have had something original. Instead, it's just dead in the water.
This misguided comedy has zero perspective on the low-grade titillation that made the series weirdly popular.
Unlike the setup, the story founders and cramps like a tourist who swam too soon after an all-you-can-eat buffet, which is pretty much the only thing the filmmakers don't toss into the water by film's end.
Lower what little expectation you have going in and you'll still be disappointed.
Dragged down by the weight of its many conflicting ideas, "Baywatch" flails about like a drowning victim that's incapable of rescue, ultimately leaving a bloated corpse of a movie washed ashore at the multiplex.
DOA before the first jiggly body ever hits the beach
Despite the charm of Dwayne Johnson and Zac Efron, Baywatch is an overlong comedy with more notable action than humor.
It turns out to be a lot more entertaining than it has any right to be.
A beach-slap to anyone with a brain. Embodies everything that is wrong with Hollywood today. It is proudly dumb. It is proudly sexist. It is proudly pointless.
The Rock is fun to watch, for a while at least. The rest is one big fat wallow in instant stupid.
For a movie that's allegedly a comedy, it never feels like it's having fun.
Even the inevitable cameos from David Hasselhoff and Pamela Anderson are mishandled, thrown away.
Has Baywatch managed to successfully navigate a tv-to-film crossover? Not in the slightest. It's beyond disappointing and will undoubtedly feature in many 'Worst of 2017' lists.
The combination of over-the-top action-movie stunts and crass humor is shameless, both below-the-belt and beneath most folks' IQs.
If you can actually stand to watch all of "Baywatch" (the end-credit outtakes aren't too bad), it will eventually remind you of exactly how godawful the '90s TV series was.
It feels like a mishmash of half-baked one-liners with very little to connect them. Lacking a unified core -- like a confused, theme-challenged restaurant that serves cupcakes, fried chicken and hummus -- the film resorts to idiotic spectacle.
After a spoof-worthy opening title sequence, that features dolphins and Johnson's impressive pecs, there's not one fresh or inspired moment in "Baywatch."
The R rating is a hard R. The very blue humor that makes total fun of the old TV series and its stars makes Baywatch worth bay watching.
"Occupies a sort of cinematic no man's land- not funny enough to be a comedy, while not really understanding the appeal of its source material" (Splice Today)
The raunchiness includes male nudity involving a corpse, which is really a phrase that sums up a certain kind of Hollywood comedy in recent years.
Yeah, Baywatch is stupid, and crude, and full of endless amounts of cheesecake, but it's also exactly the kind of movie the summer season is made for.
Not even Zac Efron's abs can distract us from the fact that we are treading in shallow, shallow waters.
The results are middling at best despite the efforts of the always charismatic Johnson who was seemingly born to appear in such mixed genre films. (Full Content Review for Parents - Violence, Profanity, Nudity, etc. - also Available)
This big screen adaptation of the '90s jiggle-fest edges very close to guilty pleasure territory. But it out-stays its welcome - and fails to deliver any big laughs.
An example of lazy writing and direction with the vague hope that perhaps the involvement of Dwayne "The Rock" Johnson will attract viewers.
Go into Baywatch with an open mind -- you might even consider leaving your brain in the car -- and you can enjoy watching Dwayne "The Rock" Johnson and Zac "The Abs" Efron get wet and be silly.
The most clever thing Gordon gives us is in the opening credits... It's all downhill from there.
Baywatch the TV show was never particularly memorable. But save for a few penis jokes, Baywatch the movie serves as a reminder that sometimes an unremarkable past is better left alone.
This movie ought to be brainless summer fun. I'm sorry it isn't. No one expects Shakespearean dialogue or plotting in a movie based on the jiggly TV series of the 1990s, but even the breeziest summer escapism shouldn't be this stupid.
While there might be plenty of gags in the script, there is, frankly, little that is original about Baywatch's comedy.
At its best, this big-screen version of the fin de siècle TV series evokes the rapture of the shallows. At its worst, where to begin?
Fans of the TV show will be disappointed because the only bouncing breasts seen belong to star Dwayne Johnson. As to the story, writing, and acting, not one of them makes an appearance, so it is faithful to the TV show in those regards.
What you've got is some basic R-rated humor, a few funnies, some tanned, toned bodies and a half-baked plot - nothing more, but maybe a little less. It's "Baywatch." What did you expect?
Mainly this ridiculous thing lurches from genre to genre without director Seth Gordon ever establishing a credible threat.
Ever sat in a wet bathing suit for a prolonged period? It's uncomfortable. Sitting through Baywatch feels like that.
... drowns in its convoluted and melodramatic storyline, apparently unaware that that's not what we came to see.
Stereotypes, sexism, violence in terrible remake.
Baywatch in its big blockbuster iteration is a flippant, juvenile comedy, only nominally indebted to its source material and desperate to prove itself above it.
I laughed out loud enough times to recommend this retread.
When you make films from junk TV, more often than not you're going to wind up with a junk movie.
A Baywatch movie needn't be high art -- its TV inspiration certainly wasn't -- but did it have to be this inane?
The film's big lesson, which Brody learns at great length, is that there is no I in team. True enough, but in Baywatch, there is contained a question: Y Watch?
The bikinis and biceps raunch-com "Baywatch" is - as you'd expect - preposterous. But much to our amusement, the major players are in on the joke, except the joke never evolves.
This new Baywatch is lightweight, a tiny bit crude and a trillion grains of sand away from anything approaching realism. But it's also a lot of fun.
There are funny moments in "Baywatch," most of them courtesy of Johnson, who has become a sharp comic performer. But there aren't enough of them ...
"Baywatch" is no day on the beach.
Even a couple of explosive action scenes and key cameos can't do much to keep the film afloat.
Baywatch is surprisingly without sexism or condescension: It's equal-opportunity stupid.
Most of the "jokes," such as they were, have a mean-spirited edge and virtually none of them made me laugh.
Who'd have thought a flimsy, witless TV series like Baywatch could have spawned this boisterous, cheeky comedy?
For the most part, Baywatch resembles a scarce amount of its origin and relies on a none-too-arch humor that misses more than it hits.
Baywatch is about good versus evil. On the beach. In bikinis and Bahama shorts ... It's core values served up like a vodka cooler, and director Seth Gordon understood his role as bartender: Keep it cold, and don't run out.
When is a comedy not terribly funny yet still recommendable? When said film does not live or die based on its jokes, and everything surrounding them remains easy, breezy and perpetually beguiling.
This might actually be worse than the TV show.
It chucks a bunch of f-bombs, dick jokes, and gross out gags, creating a crude comedy that's more often repulsive than fun.
Based on the concept, it's probably impossible to make a truly great Baywatch movie. But the film is a pleasant enough distraction.
Johnson being Johnson, he's still a delight to watch. But there's only so much a charismatic giant can do when he's up against a blend of lazy gross-out humor and inane male wish fulfillment weighed down by terrible editing and lame action.
The lowbrow humor is lazy and repetitive, and the action scenes are flat-out terrible.
It's all just a day at the beach, harmlessly fun and instantly forgettable.
[A] harmless bad movie is still nothing more than a harmless bad movie, thus forgetting about it afterwards is a remarkably easy thing to do.
Baywatch doesn't know whether it wants to be satirical or sincere.
Johnson is too bright a personality to be dimmed by the crumpled wad of post-it notes the production calls a screenplay, but Efron proves once again that funny business is not in his bones.
Baywatch simply isn't funny, and is a waste of Dwayne Johnson and Zac Efron's talents.
BAYWATCH is dumb fun. Sure maybe sometimes it is just plain dumb, but there is enough here for fans of hotties in swimsuits for sure.
It eventually gets wearisome, despite the best efforts of Efron and especially Johnson, who can enliven any scene.
Which is it, "Baywatch" team - winkingly sly, or flat-out silly?
A raunchy but good-natured adaptation of the preposterous 1990s television show.
Something either went wrong or didn't go right enough. With all those nice-looking people in bathing suits and everyone on screen and in the audience ready to have a good time, "Baywatch" should have been a lot more fun.
Baywatch is an exercise is self-reflexive irony and kitsch. It's mocking the original TV series -- which seems pretty pointless given that the series was tongue in cheek anyway.
Not only owns its dumbness, but hurtles itself all the way back around through a flurry of genitalia jokes and F-bombs to splash unapologetically in an R-rated surf of winking postmodernism.
There are a couple of decent action sequences and a nice running gag of insults directed at Efron's pretty-boy looks, but those are hardly reasons to make an entire movie, let alone one that's nearly two hours long.
If you enjoy the "21 Jump Street" or "Ride Along" franchises, you won't have too bad a time.
Baywatch, the big-screen reboot of the hugely popular 90s TV show, dials up the raunch-factor with piles of gross-out jokes and lingering shots of impeccably honed limbs, but still remains peculiarly limp and lifeless.
Charming enough, but it hits a dead spot somewhere between homage and parody. Hey, at least the pretty people had fun.
Baywatch works hard to earn its R rating, but this kind of tame raunch won't amuse anybody who's seen a comedy in the last twenty years.
Yet another misfire based on a crummy old TV series...a would-be summer blockbuster that might not be as excruciatingly bad as you might fear but certainly isn't a cinematic day at the beach.
It works for a while, largely due to the comedic talents of its stars and two early rescue set pieces, but as usually happens with these types of films, the superficial plot ends up overtaking the comedy.
A full feature with a storyline that an enterprising six-year-old might have thought was a little too rudimentary.
Bawdy, brawny, spicy, sexy and fun--sun, sand, surf, a little bit of action, a load of laughs and some totally rockin' beach bods.
It wants to be a self-aware, R-rated comedy and a straightforward action picture. At any moment, it's one or the other but never both.
Ultimately, Baywatch can never make up its mind whether it wants to mock glitzy softcore action-fests or just be one.
Beyond the sun burn and baby oil, the film's similarities with its source material can barely squeeze into its little red trunks.
Thanks to a solid dosage of weirdness, BAYWATCH is more watchable than you might expect.
Johnson is as likable an actor as there is, and it's to the actors' credit that they buy in to the stupidity. But there aren't enough laughs and not nearly enough story.
It washes up on the beach like a dead whale.
Too bad Johnson's formidable powers don't extend to resuscitating the rest of "Baywatch," a film soon revealed to be dead on arrival.
A corporate version of an R-rated comedy, neither as bad nor as funny as it could have been.
The movie is all preening and very few laughs, though Daddario and Efron have a few moments, and Johnson remains a supremely likable slab of movie star.
It revives the formula with a lascivious wink. But a light hearted tone, gross out gags and stream of bantz are a poor substitute for a decent joke or a smart script.
Baywatch has the expected eye candy, but is not clever and poorly made. Let the riptide drag you away from this one.
Brainless, broad, and a little bit crude, Baywatch nevertheless succeeds by putting its tongue firmly in its cheek and charming its way through.
The listless, witless Baywatch belly-flops while trying to emulate the irreverent action-comedy template popularised by the 21 Jump Street films.
Having attempted to replicate what Jump Street did right, the writers of Baywatch seemingly understand very little about what made Lord and Miller's films genuinely hilarious, going for crass jokes containing very little intelligence.
Unlike the great movies based on TV shows, Baywatch never decided if it was making fun of the show... or celebrating it... It doesn't so much try to have it both ways as it just doesn't seem to understand there are ways at all.
The generous -- radical? -- thing about Hollywood's version of the tush-ogling '90s TV phenomenon is that, pretty quickly, it makes you feel in on the joke.
This bombastic reboot, directed incompetently by Seth Gordon, is held together with nothing more than hopes, dreams and neoprene, and inevitably, all of those systems fail.
The rare movie that even the Teflon-coated, thousand-watt charisma of Dwayne Johnson can't save.
Baywatch is taken down by an undertow of overthinking, over-raunching, and generally a complete miss of what made this series so absurdly popular for so long.
Baywatch wastes its attractive cast on tired jokes and nothing -- not even the element of surprise -- on its side.
Baywatch won't blow anything out of the water (except for the boat it sets on fire), but it will certainly make a splash.
Ultimately more forgettable then deplorable, "Baywatch" isn't so much a disastrous spill in the ocean as it is disposable garbage making a mess.
Baywatch is a running gag in slow motion, a thong-in-cheek TV retread swapping wholesome jiggles for dirty giggles. There are places for such humor but beaches don't have gutters.
Ultimately, this film should have been left in the beach hut, and certainly not encouraged to step on to the sand.
Try as it might to have heart, the film still ends up being little more than an unrelenting invitation for cinemagoers to ogle.
Baywatch may promote a cast of (mostly) hardbodies, but its two-hour length is bloated to a point where no push-ups or dietary restrictions can help.
Even as it adds R-rated language and nudity, "Baywatch" remains as out of touch as an old Playboy party joke.
Less a satire or commentary on its source than a straight-faced episode of 'Baywatch' with R-rated jokes thrown in.
Some decent gags, but the film quickly falls to pieces despite Johnson's best efforts.
If there's one good thing that can come from the wreckage of this movie, it's for Chopra's career in Hollywood films to take off.
Baywatch is less a narrative than a knowing dart board filled with just about every cheap laugh in the book. Some land, and some bounce off with a thud, but there are many attempts for those who don't mind playing in the shallow end of the pool.
Most of the time "Baywatch" plays too much like an episode of "Baywatch," as though the filmmakers had filmed a straight-faced script written in 1995 by mistake.
A summer franchise movie that can't decide if it wants to be a hard-R bawdy comedy, a d-bag-comes-of-age tale or a fairly unironic reboot of the glossy TV show, Baywatch fails at all three.
Glug glug glug, jugs jugs jugs. Ugh.
Unfunny, unthrilling and unsexy, this doesn't even reach the low bar set by the source material.
The mark Baywatch should be aiming for is 21 Jump Street. Bad news: it's ended up more like 21 Chump Street.
The excessive runtime, repetitive antics, cringeworthy cameos and tediously formulaic denouement means that a film that feels like a fun splash-about at the outset is itself in dire need of rescue by the end.
By about halfway in, the gags dry up and the story sinks like an overweight tourist who took a dip too early after the all-you-can-eat surf'n'turf buffet.
A character acknowledging that the proceedings resemble an "entertaining but far-fetched TV show" isn't enough to make Baywatch anything more than the cynical cash grab that it is.
Has its share of hilarious moments but never fully commits to the absurd, and even the cleverest jokes get so many callbacks, they're beating a dead seahorse.
Stupidly entertaining...for a while.
What starts so promisingly quickly becomes so generic.
Some Rock-related enjoyment to be had, but this is a real misfire, and a missed opportunity.
The talents of Mssrs. The Rock and Efron - and they are legion - fall short of the Herculean task that is saving Baywatch from itself.
It's eerily similar to the TV show, but not strictly in content or execution... No, what the film-makers have captured and emulated is the TV show's trademark combination of conspicuous sleaze and formal naivety.

@highlight

Baywatch takes its source material's jiggle factor to R-rated levels, but lacks the original's campy charm -- and leaves its charming stars flailing in the shallows.