A captivating film... [Full review in Spanish]
Overall, a complete misfire given the talent involved.
The picture feels edited with a chainsaw, reducing Hackford's story of desire to crummy Lifetime Movie theatrics, wasting the numerous gifts of Helen Mirren along the way.
A misbegotten jumble that clumsily synthesizes various incongruous elements.
Presumably the aim was to meld dark humor with passionate ardor and high drama, but the tone here is lumpy, crass and overheated.
It's the story of a marriage but not the one on screen. Taylor Hackford tarnishes wife Helen Mirren's illustrious streak but gets a paycheck. Horrible TV script.
Once Hackford has committed to the characters and to their compelling (if dark) world, he has nowhere to go but to some predecided facts that might not be the most interesting end to the characters' journey.
If Hackford & Co. really and truly wanted to evoke the Sleazy Seventies, they should have studied Pam Grier's filmography like a religious text.
Hackford's films have been uneven, but he's generally an intelligent and tasteful director. His last film, Ray, may have been his best. Unfortunately, Love Ranch is almost certainly his worst.
The only vaguely interesting aspect to this film is the subplot involving a past-his-prime Argentinian heavyweight owned by Charlie.
Even Helen Mirren on a bad day is better than nine out of ten American film queens polluting movie screens on any given Sunday, but really, this is one time she should have stayed in bed.
Try though she might, Mirren can't save the hackneyed and singularly unerotic story...
A worthwhile tale might lurk somewhere in Taylor Hackford's latest, but this flaccid look at the early days of Reno's legalized bordello business takes a fictionalized approach to history...
Familiar to the point of blandness. But then again, every time The Mirren walks into view ...
It's all melodrama and yelling. The material is way beneath the actors... at least you get to see Pesci do "angry Joe" again.
It starts flat and gets so tired.
Gives you only a superficial, clichéd picture of brothel life.
Love Ranch proves to be a provocative, highly entertaining and surprisingly touching peek into a unique world movies don't often explore.
If you've been panting to see Joe Pesci and Dame Helen Mirren get it on, hustle over to Love Ranch.
A hackneyed drama in which even Helen Mirren can't make much out of her bewildered character.
Screenwriter Mark Jacobson has done little to make this love triangle clearer than mud. The script is one trite cliche after another, and Pesci is little more than a caricature of himself in past roles.
Joe Pesci ended a 12-year retirement from the screen (excepting his brief turn in Robert De Niro's The Good Shepherd) to star in this miserable drama.
Perhaps if Pedro Almodovar had directed this, it might have amounted to something. But Taylor Hackford ("An Officer and a Gentleman,' "Ray"), Mirren's husband, can't make it work.
That the cast includes Helen Mirren, Joe Pesci and Gina Gershon ought to provide redemption, but the script fails to persuade me this story needed to be told.
Love Ranch is less than two hours long, but it feels longer. Much longer -- as in long enough for the Rostovs to marry off Natasha and for Napoleon to retreat from Moscow.
Have you been waiting for Helen Mirren to run the best little whorehouse in Reno?
In theory, it had all the signs of a ripe Mirren performance, but she's undone by a weak script that leaves her flailing like an Olympic swimmer in a pool full of jelly.
Hackford fails to squeeze the tiniest bit of juice, sexy or comic or otherwise, out of the chintzy-libertine locale.
Love Ranch ("inspired by a true story") should have been satirical. Instead, it's just accidentally hilarious.
A movie with prostitutes, guns, boxing and Reno is crying out for the film noir treatment. Along with neon signs in the desert, give us some terse dialogue and some fatalism.
Helen Mirren's estimable talents are wasted in this soapy puddle, which is directed by her husband Taylor Hackford.
What could have been a juicy, pulpy noir, based loosely on the real-life 1976 Mustang Ranch love triangle involving Joe and Sally Conforte and Sally's boxer paramour, instead has the dramatic consistency of rice milk.
Novelty alone can't keep Love Ranch's tiresome tropes and plodding storyline from dragging the film down through the Nevada dust.
The kind of unabashed embarrassment that should send people to their attorneys to see if there's any legal way to get it removed from their pages on IMDB, Wikipedia, and the like.
With two great, ideally cast actors and such potentially fascinating subject matter, why does Love Ranch feel like a clumsy TV movie?
There's no flash, no sizzle, no surprise. Just beefcake and cheesecake, served on a plastic plate.
Well-acted but clumsy...
For once, Mirren seems like she's coasting in her fur coats and borrowed Dietrich attitude.
Love Ranch won't be everyone's cup of glee, but if you've enjoyed some of the more frenzied roles of the stars (think: Casino meets The Roman Spring of Mrs. Stone) you cannot go wrong with this delightfully unrestrained and larger-than-life spectacle.
Any performer, even a deity (and Dame) like Mirren, would struggle mightily to enliven a script this deadly.
Feels like a television movie with a fouler mouth.
Basically a lower-end HBO movie that somehow made it to theaters, Love Ranch satisfies only as a showcase for [Helen] Mirren's well-established skills.
Mirren is fabulous, natch. Unfortunately, the script by Mark Jacobson relies on lazy storytelling. Nor does Hackford bring much energy to the direction.
Helen Mirren can make any movie more than tolerable including this soap.
Hackford gives Mirren the only real character in an ensemble filled with types.
Helen Mirren and Sergio Peris-Mencheta shine in this otherwise tawdry tale of legal Nevada brothel.
You can't take such sleazy surroundings and try to make it the setting of true love, especially after turning an opportunist into a tortured lover
Just another tawdry soap opera, tarted up with bigger names in hopes of lending it unearned legitimacy.
What happens when the worst tendencies of a poor screenplay are exaggerated by labored and unimaginative direction?
"Love Ranch" is an off-key biopic that doesn't know where to begin or end.
A tasty story about whores, boxers, jealousy and greed gets run through the wringer of mediocrity in Taylor Hackford's limp, long-delayed drama starring his wife, Helen Mirren.
Period attention to early 1970's is well handled and the production is solid. The story is lopsided in Helen Mirren's favor and this creates an unbalance.

@highlight

Despite its saucy setup and the always marvelous Helen Mirren, Love Ranch is disappointingly flaccid.