If you need something to wash the taste of good cheer out of your mouth, you won't want to miss Rare Exports.
This belongs on the shelf alongside other Christmas favourites such as A Christmas Story; it brings that kind of sardonic sensibility, along with a sense of adventure, and a fresh take on the usual Christmas fantasy narrative.
You could say it's a black comedy but writer/director Jalmari Helander doesn't play it for laughs. It's more like a surreal action thriller in the isolated frozen north on the Finland-Russia border...
OK. it's a silly folklore tale. But I found it both pleasingly absurd and funny.
The end gets a little silly, but the building tension of the first two acts allows for some deliciously creepy moments and a true feeling of dread: the sense of something very old, and very hungry, shuffling toward you in the Yuletide dark.
[A] deliciously loopy oddball of a film.
A James Bond movie, fairy tale and potentially a full blown horror story rolled into one, if you enjoyed the original Swedish vampire thriller Let The Right One In, you'll find much to admire here.
I'm at a loss for words for how cool this is. It's a Killer Santa. Killer Santa, people. It's a great concept.
The flaws of Rare Export offer an important reminder that looking good on YouTube does not provide qualifications for a bigger screen.
This dark, haunting and cold tale is more of a comic horror movie for all ages than a happy children's story.
Rare Exports also twists the season's staples with a morbidly merry, tongue-in-cheek sense of humor.
The barmy Finnish film Rare Exports: A Christmas Tale taps into the creepy subtext of an elderly man who breaks into children's homes.
Jalmari Helander's film has fun with the idea that Christmas, with all its kid-friendly commercialism, has horrific, blood-soaked roots, like a Chuck E. Cheese built over a plague pit.
One of the best Christmas horror movies I've seen.
This is a Christmas film like none you have ever seen before.
Helander and company have done such a wonderful job at forming the foundation of a new mythology that we can't help but want more. And if we can all be good little girls and boys, perhaps we'll get just that.
For anyone who can look a little askance at the monster that contemporary Christmas has become, this artfully made Finnish tale is -- I kid you not -- a real treat.
Rare Exports is a darkly amusing and mildly menacing film whose chief benefit is the skewed courage with which it undermines all that is decent and heartwarming at this time of the year.
By the end, Helandar's movie feels more like an elaborate punchline to an overwrought joke, a thematic gibe more appropriate for a short film.
You'd better watch out. You'd better not swear. Have a gun handy, loaded for bear. Santa Claus is coming...to Finland.
Beautifully shot and always fascinating, Rare Exports succeeds on many levels. But the final payoff just never seems to come.
a holiday movie for the horror movie fan
A wonderfully strange concoction of dry comedy, weird horror, and Christmas-related craziness.
If there's any justice in the world, this will be playing on loop future Christmases alongside A Christmas Story.
What's awesome about movies from other countries is that you get to experience strange juxtapositions of elements you might not find in Hollywood movies that get test-marketed until all the jarring bits have been sanded down.
Brevity is the soul of wit, and while Helander seems to understand this with his snappy runtime, there is only barely enough new material here to justify a feature production.
Arresting!
A bloody, but oddly entertaining, holiday ho-ho-horror story.
Conceived with winking humor and a terrific visual style, the pic is a rare treat.
Santa shows his dark side in this wildly idiosyncratic horror flick from Finnish writer-director Jalmari Helander.
I love Christmas movies and I have seen quite a few of them, but I can safely say that there's nothing else quite like Rare Exports, an import from Finland.
A darkly comic throwback to the kiddie horror pics of the '80s, cheeky and just a bit grotesque.
A half-baked, but at times utterly enthralling, dark fairy tale that eventually abandons its hushed tones and sweeping scope in favor of a grandly silly climax out of left field.
"Rare Exports: A Christmas Tale" is a rather brilliant lump of coal for your stocking hung by the fireside with care.
Helander executes with black humor, and Tommila brings an endearing combination of vulnerability and moxie to the role.
Too crazy? Good luck telling that to the filmmakers inviting you to spend the holidays with the anti-Claus.
It's a reminder that beyond the pre-packaged, sanitized shopping-mall experience, dwell pagan beings, wild beasts, and brave children unglued to electronic screens.
Rare Exports: A Christmas Tale explores the dark side of the Santa Claus myth -- if myth he is -- and finds humor, and horror, lurking there.
Santa Claus meets Cormack McCarthy
Helander delivers a playfully dark tale with just the kind of cynical twinkle so many need during this season of maudlin, heart-warming movies.
Both a father-son bonding picture and a Santa-skewering satire, this oddball tale of life on a snowy mountainside is consistently upbeat and surprising, with action intensity that stays sturdily at Goonies level.
If your general response to the festive season is bah, humbug, you'll want to see Rare Exports: A Christmas Tale.
It's dark fun, in the spirit of "Gremlins."
Here's a cheery lump of coal for your stocking.
Rare Exports turns out to be as heart-warming as Miracle on 32nd Street, albeit in its own twisted little way.
Onni Tommila possesses a look so far from the conventional Hollywood boy that his indigenous Sami-Nordic features and D.I.Y mullet haircut heighten the eerie atmosphere.
The movie creeps slowly toward a disappointingly muddled ending, and the potential of evil Santa unleashed on the world remains unrealized.
[P]erfectly perverse... You simply need to see it to believe that anyone would conceive of such an outlandishly demented Christmas fantasy.
A brilliantly twisted idea, horribly executed
A darkly mischievous, bracingly original and thoroughly captivating Yuletide import.
This is a movie that had me giggling and gasping aloud, its sights and sounds full of an inspiration and a wit I truly adored.
A spooky, funny, weirdly heartwarming fable that -- were it not for the glimpses of non-CGIed geriatric bits -- might actually be suitable for kids of all ages.
This small, dark gem out-Scrooges Scrooged and makes Bad Santa look like a feel-good film.
The folks who think seasonal movie offerings tend to be hokey claptrap are going to love it.
If you see only one fiendishly bizarre Finnish film about an evil Santa Claus and his naked band of marauding elves this holiday season, make it "Rare Exports: A Christmas Tale."
Likely to become a winter favorite for those allergic to holiday treacle.
Though it promises more than it ultimately delivers, this charming little holiday horror story is a welcome counterweight to the usual yuletide sentimentality.
With a closing reel that will put a smile on your face, Helander's film may feel stretched and a little inconsequential at times, but Rare Exports is a unique take on Christmas cinema and is worthy of your time.
It's rather slow to get going but turns into an effectively unusual horror-fantasy for teenagers when Santa finally thaws out.
Helander puts a distinctly Spielbergian spin on traditional Yuletide family dynamics, while working in a fairly sly critique of the commercialisation of the silly season with a gleefully reprehensible finale.
A thing of frigid beauty and twisted playfulness.
Odd and ominous little tale about a long-buried monster uncovered in the frozen wastes of Lapland: the horned demon Santa Claus.
He, um, "seize" you when you're sleeping ... At a zippy 84 minutes, akin to a blast of Lapland frosty air, this film's take on Santa offers up a refreshing break from frequently sappy holiday fare.
While Rare Exports is certainly spooky, the plot is too thin to engage while its gratuitous use of the F-word and full frontal male nudity make it a children's film unsuitable for children.
For grown-ups looking for an alternative to the annual onslaught of ho-ho-ho Christmas tales, the visually pleasing oddity is just the thing, even if it does slow down in its middle portion before picking up again.
Rare Exports is a revelation...guaranteed to turn your candy coated X-mas dreams into equally delicious nightmares.
Imaginative and twisted in equal measure, but ultimately only scratches the surface of a stupendous idea.
For a while, it's a genuinely funny and unnerving experience, promising a lively payoff, but the ending is anti-climactic and the meaning of the title is only revealed in the laborious, jokey ending.
Like Bad Santa and Silent Night, Bloody Night, it's a Christmas movie that isn't for children. Quite whom it is for, I'm not totally sure.
"Santa's buried here" are not the words one expects to hear in a holiday-themed release, but, then, the dismembered reindeer and sacks full of kidnapped children were something of a surprise as well
It's hard not to like a movie in which a little kid who's so skittish that he totes around a protective stuffed animal suddenly stares down the grown-ups, cocks a gun, and snarls, "It's either me or Santa. I suggest Santa."
The maverick influences of Tim Burton and the Coen brothers can be detected easily throughout Rare Exports, but there is something utterly unique at work here that adventurous viewers are sure to appreciate.
Sometimes it's nice to break with tradition.
Don't watch this film if you want a warm and sentimental movie to get you in the Christmas mood, but you might fancy it as an antidote to yuletide cheesiness.
Rare Exports promises to be delirious fun, and largely delivers.
Little boy; mountain with secret; and in one scene 100 naked Santa Clauses running around like panicked reindeer. They order these Yuletides differently in Lapland.
One of the best (and most brutal) festive kid's films in years.
One of the oddest and quirkiest nightmares before Christmas.
Both warm and chilly on top, Helander's well-mounted black comedy puts a devilish spin on movie Santas.
A contentedly macabre creation that unveils a different breed of St. Nick in this winning horror/fantasy film, which gives the jolly Christmas figure a righteously ghoulish reimagining.
Conjures up a memorably trippy ride that should lead to instant cult status.
The film is beautifully shot, using breathtaking winter landscapes. That helps to set up the comedy, because it's incongruous.
An enthusiastically deranged family adventure gussied up in a Christmas sweater, Rare Exports is a welcome addition to the Warped Holiday Movie canon.
Rare Exports is an aptly named, sure to be cult Christmas classic which is as fun as it is thrilling.
'Rare Exports' is an enormously entertaining and unpredictable Yuletide romp packed with sly wit, solid scares and naked geriatrics.
Some moments are so deliciously shivery that you wish the film were naughtier and less nice. A cult crowd might coalesce around this, but Bad Santa is safe.
A tangibly terrifying villain is introduced in the form of a naked, wiry Peeter Jakobi whose sly, wordless performance as the evil Santa is supremely icky.
It's likely the best anti-Christmas Christmas movie since Bad Santa.
The darkest and gleefully funniest Christmas movie since Gremlins.
Leaves you feeling entertained -- if not entirely satisfied.
If you're a bah-humbug type looking for an alternative to Santa Claus: The Movie or Miracle On 34th Street, this could be a holiday perennial.
Two thirds of a fantastic film, bolted onto the final third of a rubbish one.
This clever Finnish export is not for any child who cannot be exposed to R-rated language, scary Santas and plenty of gore. "Rare Exports" has the potential for "Bad Santa" style cult status.
Santa is one bad mamma jamma in Rare Exports: A Christmas Tale, a yuletide fable that's equal parts sincere, silly, and scary.
A clever horror-comedy...A must-see for anyone interested in a darker take on Christmas myths and traditions.
If you feel like an antidote to the usual menu of cheery, cheesy and charitable Christmas movies this year, Rare Exports is for you.
Offering a brand new spin on Christmas, this fantasy from the land of the original Santa Claus is bold and black, with its huge contrasts making this unusual tale so memorable.
Never has a bad Christmas been this much fun!
Developed from short films made by Helander in 2003 and 2005, this feels stretched as a feature, despite some wry commentary on Finland's cultural beleaguerment.
An enjoyably dark Christmas adventure with striking character design and a terrific central idea, but the script doesn't seem to know what to do with it, so the action dips in the middle before rallying for a decent climax.

@highlight

Rare Exports is an unexpectedly delightful crossbreed of deadpan comedy and Christmas horror.