While it has its highlights, The Family limits our frame of reference to other movies, rather than anything resembling real life.
Those excited for the return of Besson to the action-comedy game likely will come away disappointed from this jumbled, visually bland effort.
Full of tone deaf humor and gratuitous violence, The Family marks a miscalculated step for an otherwise fine filmmaker.
As cinema, it's an interesting experiment. As a movie, it's a bloody mess.
For anyone willing to brave some tonal inconsistencies, its rewards are real.
The movie is a curious mess, but the cast is having a grand old time.
De Niro's deadpan humour suits a garden burial perfectly, but we just don't see enough of how we really want him to be.
Features a contender for worst subplot of the year.
A terrible waste of many wonderful talents in front of and behind the camera.
Could've been an inoffensive enough 90 minute feature, but the film insists on garbling the narrative with useless subplots that...bloat the movie beyond the breaking point.
It rattles along at a slick pace and the closing sequence is everything you could want from a closing crescendo.
American family, presumed obnoxious by French villagers, deals with problems by being obnoxiously, smugly violent. The daughter, when not beating people up, is a moist-eyed virgin eroticized by the camera, all her romantic aspirations cringingly mawkish.
As lifeless and dull as any of the characters whacked during this dramedy's bloated running time.
Unfortunately, The Family suffers from an extreme case of advanced tonal disorder.
Every time Luc Besson uses a bullet in a body as a punchline, a real joke somewhere out in the wild dies.
It's throwaway stuff, packed with corny gags about rich French cooking and annoying Gallic manners, in which light relief is offered by the sight of our hero torturing a plumber; think The Whole Nine Yards with cheese.
Clearly, De Niro is happy to cannibalise his glorious past, but for those of us who love him, it's like sucking on old bones.
Their fish-out-of-water antics leave a nasty taste in the mouth rather than a smile on the face.
Besson has made a career out of a willingness to experiment but The Family's tonal variations jar.
It's horribly violent, the family are appalling, it's never believable and far too long.
The collateral damage involving innocent bystanders is staggering. Just mind you don't get caught in the crossfire.
There was a time when De Niro seemed so ungraspable, so brilliant, it was as if he had some secret access to acting that nobody else could fully understand. Maybe in the end we asked too much of him.
A disgraced mob family are sent on a Euro vacation in this weak wiseguy satire with Robert De Niro.
An unimaginative and humourless dark comedy from French director Luc Besson, starring Robert De Niro who appears to be phoning his lines in.
Besson strikes a jarring tone between crime and comedy; a soundtrack of irritatingly 'wacky' accordion music prescribes a comic mood rarely met by laughter.
It makes you want to revisit Goodfellas, though.
A lively premise and darkly humorous tone give way to predictable action and a dull finale.
Despite a promising trailer and a great cast, this French-American comedy-thriller is a complete misfire because Luc Besson seems unclear about how to create a black comedy.
[Besson] doesn't really find the right tone to hold all this together, but there's a certain frisson in watching De Niro's short-fused Giovanni explode... and you just know there's going to be an opportunity for Besson to go ballistic, too.
Given a little more thought, De Niro could have been sinking his teeth into a juicy Chateaubriand, but instead he's left chewing on flabby, tasteless hamburger.
A lumbering farce that takes an unpleasantly sadistic glee in violence, murder and intimidation.
Another to airbrush out of the De Niro back catalogue.
... ultimately stretches its one-note premise to a punishing 111 minutes.
The Family unashamedly serves as a shrine to Goodfellas, pairs sharp, black comedy and violence but like the characters is in a state of existential crisis.
The Family is the version [of mobster films] that abandons all logic opting for a route that seems derived from a Loony Tunes episode.
This humourless satire about a Mob family in hiding in France collapses under the strain of meaningless violence and a charmless, wandering plot.
I recommend The Family in the same way I might mint-flavored gum. It's not what you would hope for, but when choosing at random, you'd do worse a little more often than not.
Neither comedy nor drama, 'The Family' is a combination of both that sometimes works when it decides what it wants to be.
De Niro is a pleasure to watch in a role that calls on him to exercise his comedic chops with some degree of subtlety.
Well cast and sharply directed by Besson, who also co-wrote the script, "The Family" flows easily for the first half.
Writer-director Luc Besson can do much better than this.
a surprisingly flat satire
Beware of This Family
A strange mash-up of a vicious mob yarn squeezed into a foul-mouthed, movie-length sitcom.
Why does stuff like this have to happen?
Besson and Michael Caleo just never manage to hit that sweet spot between comedy and drama, much less give us a reason to care about this unrepentant family of criminals.
The film's remorseless brutality in response to relatively minor transgressions is hard to swallow, even for those with the darkest senses of humor.
The Family is filled with Besson's signature visual wit, boasting occasionally sharp satire aimed equally at both sides of the Atlantic, but he lets us down in the end through the deadly combination of broad characters and a rambling narrative.
Great chemistry from the cast and the thrilling action made it entertaining for all.
Talent abounds but the movie can't balance the comedy and drama.
Quite literally self-parody--only without the self-awareness of Analyze This.
Obviously Robert De Niro was abducted by aliens, and the fellow we've watched sleepwalk through nearly 20 years of shlock is a pod person. A pod person with a terrible agent.
Despite the excessive violence, this is an enjoyable film providing needed escapist entertainment, well directed by Besson with fine performances by all, especially Argon.
"Luc Besson has done the seemingly impossible. He's resuscitated the corpse of Robert De Niro's career."
While it qualifies as OK entertainment -- especially for early September (that dead zone between summer blockbusters and fall award contenders) -- The Family is ultimately nothing to write home about.
Facetious and amusingly amoral, it lacks cohesion and consistency - and the carnage is far from comedic.
I guess when we get down to it, Pfeiffer's performance is what nudges The Family into the "recommended" category. Barely.
Who still thinks Robert De Niro is a great actor?
Predictable, dull and chaotic, THE FAMILY is one of the least funny comedies of the year.
It's boring and I never thought it would be possible to say that about a De Niro mob movie.
Everything about "The Family" is stereotypical and predictable.
The Blakes are hardly sympathetic figures, so when their lives are threatened, I began to silently root for their demise, if it promised to hasten the movie's end.
This is a deliberately off-kilter, cheerfully violent, hit-and-miss effort with just enough moments of inspiration to warrant a recommendation.
It runs out of gas before transitioning awkwardly into a revenge drama in the final act, brought about by a series of eye-rolling twists.
[De Niro]'s been down this road so many times now it's a wonder he isn't hiring himself out for lucrative guest spots doing stand-up for rich children at Goodfellas-themed Chuck E. Cheese birthday parties.
The Family offers a solid blend of dark satire, social commentary, off-beat humor, quirky aesthetics, and a decent (albeit unremarkable) amount of substance.
Equal parts mean and adorable, and if you can accept that those attitudes aren't mutually exclusive, you'll find it to be one of the better comedies of the year.
indicative of the sausage factory that is Hollywood because it reeks of overdevelopment that delivers a movie that seems to make less sense than its possible original intentions
The Family is a pretty uneven film, lurching from comedy to violence to sentiment, but it's best when it sticks in the realm of flat-out farce.
A movie with a PG brain and a NC-17 body count, unsuitable for audiences of any age.
Not fast enough to be farce, not twisted enough to be dark comedy and not over-the-top enough to be a gonzo action comedy, the movie spins its chamber around and around for almost two hours, firing blank after blank.
... the audience has been pummeled by scenes of excessive violence that aren't convincingly farcical. They're just violent.
Luc Besson has based his international movie career on slick action, noise and bombast - not comedy.
Not that I'm opposed to some good ol' shoot-em-up violence, it's just hard to get your bearings as 'The Family' shifts frantically back and forth between giggles and gasps.
Funny but imperfect mob comedy has violence, language.
There's comedy in the notion of a character played by Robert DeNiro being asked to talk about GoodFellas at a small-town film society meeting in France. Unfortunately, there's not 110 minutes of comedy in it.
What sells The Family is its cast; in particular, De Niro and Pfeiffer, who are charming and believable as a couple fluent in each other's faults but still unabashedly in love.
An all-star cast fails to rise above bloody japes and heavy-handed humor in this tale of a renegade Mob family hiding in a small French town.
De Niro and Pfeiffer still married to the mob and very funny.
A black comedy that doesn't begin to jell but has a sweetheart of a cast and the odd diverting moment.
An above-average cast can't save this mob comedy from French director Luc Besson.
Remember the octopus that always picked the winners of soccer games? That's what Robert De Niro is, only his talent is always managing to choose horrible scripts.
It's not a terrible effort from the vastly talented helmer, but one that's tremendously disappointing, failing to live to the promise of its premise, while its sense of humor is funereal at best.
Bland, muddled, and unworthy of such talented actors. Hope they had a nice time in Normandy.
Luc Besson enjoys genre mash-ups that can be outrageous to the point of being deranged. Sometimes that mixture of mayhem, comedy, and sentiment works better than others.
The casting of Robert De Niro as an ex-Mafioso hiding in witness protection is witty in only the silliest, most superficial way. It's a joke with its own tinny, built-in laugh track.
The Family is a film at once strange and intriguing. It can't seem to settle on a tone.
The film isn't worthy of De Niro's stature, in the gangster sub-genre or otherwise.
Well, if you're going to continue to exploit a tired Mafia stereotype, you might as well do it with the best.
As bad as spending quality time with that annoying relative telling you how much better things were back in the day, but in the case of this movie they'd actually be right.
The movie repeats the same basic humorous conceit ad nauseam: The "Blakes" violently overreact to things, setting fire to grocery stores and more.
De Niro is a hoot to watch, and the action scenes are a ton of fun. Unfortunately, the movie just couldn't find the right tone to be wholly successful.
Even the silliest contrivance can be forgiven when De Niro and Jones face off, their craggy, deadpan mugs telling tales all their own.
You can't play R-rated savagery for laughs (often very funny and very bloody laughs, it should be said) for the first two acts, and then take it seriously once the imminent mob cleanup squad arrives in town, gunning for Fred and his family.
A love letter to Scorsese constructed with all the grace of Mr. Bean.
If cultural treason were a capital offense, "The Family" director Luc Besson would be on death row.
"The Family" does have its entertaining moments. But anyone who thinks it's a real knee-slapper needs therapy. Stat.
It doesn't even try for basic credibility. But buoyed by hot performances, it sustains a zapping electrical energy.
Curiously airless, weightless and tonally uncertain, Luc Besson's mafia comedy falls flat.
I am giving it a mild recommendation, because I think the good outweighs the not-so-good. But you have to have a fairly strong stomach for violence to be able to fully enjoy it. (Full Content Review for Parents also available)
It is no easier for me to report this than it is for you to hear it, but we're all adults and let's get real: Robert De Niro's name on a film project is now more a red flag of warning than a sign of quality.
Besson never finds a tone that really works, flitting from dark comedy to lightweight romance to unconvincing drama.
Besson's history is one of making crowd-pleasing entertainment and The Family is no different.
Not known for subtlety, Besson gets the expected laughs, and then some.
A surprisingly funny fish-out-of-water tale that succeeds thanks to its excellent cast.
Remember when Robert De Niro was an interesting actor? These days his talent, like his character in "The Family," is in the witness protection program, never to be seen again.
A misfire from start to finish, The Family is unfunny, plodding and kind of depressing. Can someone take a hit out on it, please?
While we've seen the witness relocation/fish out of water scenario played out onscreen before, The Family puts a charming, darkly funny spin on it thanks to director Luc Besson and his great cast.
The Blakes think they're vigilantes, but in most other movies they'd be the bad guys.
The thing that saves the movie time and again is Besson's uncanny ability to shift tone, sometimes even within a single sequence, from light comedy to serious action, to genuine emotion and even romance.
The movie's dark humor and realistic, often sexual violence go together about as well as Cabernet and a mugging.
[An] oddly paced, overly violent, sometimes amusing but sometimes jarringly unfunny movie.
Besson opts for simple black comedy; laughs and occasional shocks come courtesy of the characters' violent behavior, which is usually relayed through joking, elliptical editing.
The Family uses violence as a weapon for some big laughs and bigger action, even if the tone may throw some for a loop.
No one's ever going to accuse Besson of having a light comic touch, but the mayhem in this minor mob comedy, more often than not, brings the laughs.
A film whose only distinguishing characteristic is how big a mess it makes of its already meager ambitions.
The finished output is so terrible it is angering.
entertaining enough to be a winner without warranting the kind of instant dismissal an early fall film - or something by modern Besson - typically deserves
Strongly cast, but Besson proves incapable of melding the nastiness and laughs into a cohesive whole--the result is tonally schizophrenic and abrasive.
Absurdly overlong at close to two hours and lacking a single truly inspired action set piece.
Despite a dream cast, The Family is an only intermittently funny gangster comedy.
The Family comes close to being a full-on endorsement of vigilante justice and enforcing social niceties through the business end of tennis rackets and baseball bats.
The Family is a comic soufflé that never rises.
This is a giddy, stylish romp and nothing else -- but that is plenty.
This unexciting, unfunny would-be action satire is filled with Italian-American stereotypes, decades-old TV-style Mafia cliches, bits of business that never amount to anything and actors so much better than the hoary, one-joke material.
The Family is a fish-out-of-water/buddy comedy/Mob flick. But most of all, it's a missed opportunity.
Bizarrely, Besson ... tries to shift from making fun of the main characters to sentimentalizing them.
There are some great moments sprinkled throughout. But overall, these elements never seem to come together in the same harmonious way that this family does with each other.
While Besson knows his way around an action film, he's not as adept at comedy.
"The Family" may not be top tier De Niro, but it is excellent Pfeiffer and a welcome return for director Luc Besson.
The movie is a cartoon, but the stakes are surprisingly real.
Director Luc Besson knows violence -- comedy? Not so much.

@highlight

Luc Besson's The Family suffers from an overly familiar setup and a number of jarring tonal shifts.