On the plus side, the animation is gorgeous, Never Land is imaginatively designed, and Tinkerbell and Hook remain amusing characters. On the flip side, Peter Pan isn't the most engaging of protagonists, and a little of the Lost Boys goes a long way.
Peter Pan isn't the best adaptation of Barrie's classic play but it holds up quite well despite the offensive stereotypes portrayed.
Peter Pan may not have the distinction of being one of the more memorable films in the library of Disney animated classics, but with its exciting adventure story, fun characters, and beautiful animation, it remains a classic nonetheless.
A delightful entertaining film that will appeal to the young and the not-so young alike.
I always thought Peter Pan was supposed to be about childhood innocence. Pan and Tinkerbell were not sweet and cuddly, they both came across as selfish, cold and really unlikable bullies.
plays as less of a child fantasy of soaring adventure than it does as a retrograde narcissistic adult male fantasy of being desired and pursued by every female in the room
Who wants their son taking his cues from this meanspirited "hero"?
Years later it's still a treasure, because of Disney and his artists' talent for creating memorable characters.
Stereotypes mar otherwise jaunty Disney adventure.
Not an especially mature film, probably the most "kiddie movie" of all the 1950s Disney features.
Classic Disney, if not authentic Barrie.
Definitely a Disney classic but misses out much of the darker side of J.M.Barrie's fantasy tale.
Disney's depersonalizing habit of putting different teams in charge of different sections of the story really shows up here.
Ornamented with some bright and lilting tunes, it is a lively feature-length Technicolor excursion into a world that glows with an exhilarating charm and a gentle joyousness.
A wonderful movie.
A feature cartoon of enchanting quality.
The Walt Disney Company has broken the vaults wide open to add a plethora of fascinating historic artifacts to make this new Platinum Edition a must-own for any Disney collector.
I have to give a special shout-out to Tinkerbell, a Disney creation that I never fully appreciated as a child.
Never Land? More like Never-Gon-Git-It Land.
...if we must have only one enduring account of Barrie's creations, we could do worse.
The boomers love it; they can have it.
Perhaps Disney's most underrated work.
A cavalcade of classic songs, unforgettable moments, gorgeous handcrafted animation and, unfortunately, some racial stereotypes.
While it's neither the best retelling of Barrie's nursery tale or nor the best Disney cartoon of the era, it is, fortunately, a decent enough example of both.
Heartwarming story about boys, girls and growing up. Oh yeah, and there's cool pirates too.
I would argue that Peter Pan is a movie with great characters, but it is not itself a great movie.
Peter Pan may be a boy who refuses to grow up, but his movie is really one of Disney's most adult "kids'" films.
If you can ignore some of the film's minor flaws, you should have a ripe old time at the movies.





@highlight

Though it doesn't delve deeply into the darkness of J.M. Barrie's tale, Peter Pan is a heartwarming, exuberant film with some great tunes.