Alas, this star-studded, multi-stranded misfire fails on all fronts.
... a searing portrait of holiday-driven despair, a ruthless and harrowing look at emotional burnout and the soul-crushing playacting demanded by the holiday season.
Taking what should be recognition of love and family and the fortune of being happy and healthy and together and disemboweling that of its guts and soul has created the most nihilistic holiday film of all time.
If you think this looks like an uplifting Christmas story about the love of family, think again. Sure, it wants to be, but instead it's a depressing mess.
There was something about Love the Coopers that didn't just leave me cold and disappointed... it also made me mad.
The ensemble give the scant material their all, and this may be Olivia Wilde's most impressive performance to date, but the contrived plot, forced sentimentality and painfully predictable climax overshadow their work.
Love the Coopers reminds us that there are few things worse than booze-fuelled family gatherings, but one of them is definitely schmaltzy Hollywood movies about such reunions.
Charmless, confusing and utterly embarrassing, this could and should have been a lot more than just another run-of-the-mill Christmas flick which we're soon to forget.
Only occasionally does a moment ring true, thanks largely to talented actors subduing a balky script like parents wrestling a petulant kid onto Santa's lap.
Full of embarrasing scenes that make you cringe, it's a shame that its director couldn't do best with the film's talented cast. [Full Review in Spanish]
It's a terrible waste of talent. Bah, humbug.
It may take more risks than your standard Hallmark Channel Christmas movie, but for a holiday film, there's such little faith placed in our characters to live and breath.
"Love the Coopers" isn't immune to a few over-the-top moments and it never met a well-trodden plot device it didn't like, but its unabashed heart and hopefulness is akin to a warm, cozy knitted throw.
Lots of photogenic folks serve up white whine, usually weak laughs, or suddenly candid chats with strangers. The Hollywood contrivances are cringing. Dundering in its efforts to melt your heart to slush.
Wasted the grace of his talented comedians in a script that is nothing more than a sum of scattered sketches. [Full review in Spanish]
Christmas With The Coopers employs an episodic structure that recalls Love Actually but falls woefully short of Richard Curtis' festive romance.
With moments of unique lucidity, this movie occupies its place among the classics that you can infinitely re-watch during the holidays, bringing its acid outlook about these kind of gatherings. [Full Review in Spanish]
This may look like it's going to be a zany Christmas romp, but it's really a warm exploration of family connections, essentially an American take on Love Actually's multi-strand comedy-drama.
Full of clichés and dumb humor, the film is barely entertaining, even with Steve Martin as the narrator. [Full review in Spanish]
After spending time with them you won't know whether to hang the mistletoe or yourself!
This is for Christmas movie masochists only.
A bunch of A-listers plays out a string of intertwining plot threads, all in search of a heavily eggnogged family hug.
Love The Coopers may not be everyone's cup of tea at the holidays, but if you have ever had to prepare a special dinner, or know that some people just don't get along in the same room, you can relate.
Despite solid performances all round, this isn't as good as the sum of its parts - it's a series of cleverly constructed sketches, culminating in a final act that never quite delivers the pay-off.
Love the Coopers sets itself up to explore some interesting if not original questions, but it baulks at probing too deep and instead retreats into schmaltz.
There are moments of genuine inspiration to be found, but such is the intent to tick every Christmas box the good is outweighed rather heavily by the bad.
The Coopers are, quite simply, bad company.
The most debilitating thing about this whole soggy mince pie of a picture is that it's narrated by a dog.
The biggest disappointment is the waste of such an excellent cast. This is terminally treacly fare in which the writing is often very trite indeed.
A predictable Christmas flick where you can guess what's going to happen from the opening credits. [Full review in Spanish]
A mix between drama and comedy that never finds the proper way to tell its story and wastes the great cast it has. [Full review in Spanish]
[A] steaming yule log of a movie ...
Filled with fortune cookie wisdom this makes you appreciate just how good Love Actually is.
There's too much going on and too little character development for this to become a Christmas classic.
There are a few hints of honest feeling trying to burst through. The trouble is how insistent writer-director Jessie Nelson is at gift-wrapping everyone's story arcs with tidy, coupley closure.
Glossy Hollywood automatons sleepwalk through family dynamics full of forced quirkiness, excruciating cuteness, and phony emotion. Absolutely cringeworthy.
This would-be seasonal sackful of joy from director Jessie Nelson doesn't shrink from quoting It's a Wonderful Life, both visually and verbally. It's more like an SOS than a homage, though.
One Last Christmas. It's like One Last Job in a heist movie -- an enterprise embarked on with the best of intentions, but bound to go badly.
The laughs are scant, the convincing emotions scanter. Even John Goodman is forlorn and lost.
Comes equipped with a convoluted narrative that weaves in and out of a myriad of stories, and suffers in the same way ensemble features tend to - as a film with a distinct lack of focus.
Takes such paragons of festive mediocrity as The Family Stone, Christmas with the Kranks, Surviving Christmas and Love Actually and mashes them into a surprisingly palatable blend.
'Love the Coopers' reminds me, once again, that older audiences don't have much to love.
...it'll be remembered as an above-average holiday flick.
"What's amazing (if you discount the money involved) is that so many smart actors would line up for it."
It's a mixed stocking and if you're prepared for the Hollywood tinsel search for 'comfort and joy', that's pretty much what you will get
The cinematic equivalent of being deluged with fruitcake batter while an Osmond Family Christmas record plays on an endless loop.
Love the Coopers flits between depressing scenarios and cloying sentimentality.
There's nothing warm-and-cozy about the yule dog "Love the Coopers." It should be called "Christmas with the Prigs," given its premise of a pack of privileged brats sitting down to share dinner and whine.
It's hard to "Love the Coopers." Actually, it's hard to even like them. The family is so overbearing and stereotypical that it's difficult to see why this great ensemble cast signed on to play them.
Dialogue so dumb it will make your ears bleed-some of it spoken by a pet; one-dimensional characters with zero entertainment value; Keaton, as usual, wearing selections from the Jane Jetson Collection and overacting. Love the Coopers is ho-ho-hopeless.
Love The Coopers is the perfect gift for the entire family, and that's certainly not a bad thing these days.
Love the Coopers is built for holiday family viewing. It's warm and funny, and is worthy viewing.
It's just as often manipulative and contrived, but Jessie Nelson's film sells itself well. There's care in the details, and the characters often feel like actual people.
A talented ensemble cast is wasted in this nauseatingly manipulative and sentimental bit of holiday swill that hasn't a single saving grace.
One of the few Christmas movies to acknowledge that every holiday we spend with loved ones is layered with every other holiday we've ever spent with those loved ones.
This isn't a movie to watch as much as survive. While it may not quite match the sheer awfulness of such disasters as Jingle All the Way, Deck the Halls and the utterly repulsive Christmas with the Kranks, I still wouldn't want to live on the difference.
Loath is more suitable....
Love the Coopers is significantly flawed, but it also contains enough ambition to rise slightly above the norm for this sort of thing. As the old saying goes, it's just good enough to make you wish it was better.
Ticks off literally every home-for-the-holidays box -- in dutiful, uninspired fashion.
Grudges get massaged, secrets revealed, resentments flaunted, all punctuated with lame comedy and ending in the inevitable group hug.
An all-star cast fumbling around in a deep-dish holiday goo of dumb dialogue, silly shtick and artificial sweetness.
If you've been wishing and hoping for a movie in which June Squibb - here playing a dementia-riddled relative named Aunt Fishy - shows her underpants yet again, you'll love Love the Coopers. For the rest of us, to know them is to hate them.
You will not love the Coopers. You won't even like them.
Perhaps the worst thing that can happen to an ensemble comedy-drama is for one vignette to be so much more interesting that all the others feel even worse.
Holiday entertainment that feels more like a horror movie.
Ultimately the characters in Love the Coopers don't feel like a family. And yes, you could argue that's kind of the point. But they don't even feel like a dysfunctional family.
It's part sitcom and part soap opera that pokes mild fun at the season but has a wide sentimental streak.
Love the Coopers won't join A Christmas Carol or It's a Wonderful Life in the pantheon, but it's warm and cuddly in its own way.
Alas, Love the Coopers focuses too much on interfamily drama to salvage the real Christmas spirit.
Every time it threatened to turn organic, it'd fall back on wacky grandmas, precocious kids, or turkeys falling on the floor. Can we kill the corporate-sponsored ensemble holiday comedy yet?
All-star holiday comedy is too uneven to be memorable.
Move over Christmas with the Kranks. Another ghastly holiday season entry.
This holiday season leave the emotional manipulation to the professionals (read: your family) and avoid "Love the Coopers" at all costs.
Does Love the Coopers's collection of what are essentially short films that tie together at the end for family uplift equal good? Oh, who am I kidding? No. Of course not.
"Dreck the Halls." "O Unholy Night." "Jingle Hell."
Some of the members of the Cooper clan are interesting enough, and the movie's tearjerking heart is in the right place, but Love the Coopers is a horrible mess.
I'm sure it looked like a good idea on paper.
Barely fresh. I liked the Coopers but didn't love them. Until it gets to the deadly dumb and predictable Christmas dinner, it wasn't bad. Great mix of music, too.
One of the dullest, most cliché-ridden and cloying Christmas movies to hit the screen in a long time.
A seriously mixed bag, filled with the occasional lump of coal -ill-conceived and cloying one second, bracingly honest the next, simply pleasantly watchable the moment after that.
Love the Coopers is as much a comedy as a Christmas movie, in that it's neither and more a drama taking place around Christmas that eeks out a few laughs.
I am all for happy endings, especially in Christmas movies. But I'm also for stories and characters staying true to themselves. (Full Content Review - Sex, Violence, Profanity, etc. - for Parents also available)
A nuclear bomb in the War on Christmas.
Nelson brings up important ideas, about roles, expectations, and striving to stand out as children but then trying to blend in and conform as adults. Unfortunately, her messages come with shameless tricks of cuteness ...
Unfortunately, director Jessie Nelson gradually turns the script into marzipan.
The characters speak not in dialogue but in self-help prose ("You love at arm's length") and their motivations feel like writerly contrivances. The film's uneven tone doesn't help: It wavers between whimsical, snarky and dopey.
Better save the gift receipt if you're considering seeing 'Love the Coopers,' a convoluted, cinematic equivalent to that fruitcake nobody wanted.
Love the Coopers strains and struggles to weave a story about the pains and pleasures of family around 14 caricatures and a ravenous St. Bernard.
Far from the worst of the family/holiday sub-genre, but don't expect it to become an annual tradition.
It's far too generous to call it a Christmas classic, but Love the Coopers would pair great with a warm cup of cocoa, a roaring fireplace, and whoever it is you call family.
The dialogue consists of sitcom-ready cliches and the characterizations are all one-dimensional, but the cast do what they can to eke some charm out of the material.
Even with such a talented ensemble, Love The Coopers' convoluted narrative and overreliance on Christmas clichés keeps it from sparking any real holiday magic.
There are just too many characters, frankly, and most of them are bores.
Classic Christmas movies have a magic that can't be manufactured, but "Love the Coopers" desperately tries to do just that.
Not enough here to hate the Coopers but certainly not much to love either.
Enjoy the sense of never quite knowing when the movie is going to stick another pin in its balloon of sincerity, and you'll like the Coopers well enough.
Imagine a Christmas tree covered not only in tinsel and lights and silver bulbs, but also snow globes and perfume samples and beef jerky and vials of virgin tears.
Watching people be miserable with each other for the movie's run-time does not always make for a pleasant experience.
In the fractured-family holiday movie "Love the Coopers," hackneyed humor and warmed-over life lessons are strewn like so much overused tinsel.
Love the Coopers is a sorry excuse for a Christmas movie, but interesting for how it goes about destroying any vestige of surprise or suspense.
Big, fat, fluffy flakes of snow fall relentlessly in Love the Coopers, but little seems to accumulate.
The Coopers go through the motions of saying lines and emoting feelings, but they come off as authentic as a tinsel Christmas tree.
It all adds up to an enjoyable bauble, as pretty and ephemeral as a white Christmas.
This is a terrific cast, but it's dispiriting to see them put through these paces. Nothing seems genuinely felt.
True, most Christmas flicks tend toward the trite and predictable naturally, but they just don't have to be quite this insufferable.
Straddling the thorny fence of dramedy, Love the Coopers is a sometimes too serious, often not funny entry in this year's tra-la-la movie sweepstakes.
That sickeningly sweet glop that covers your plate at the end of a big holiday dinner.
When it's all said and done, you might not exactly love the Coopers, but you'll probably slurp them down like eggnog and wind up with a pleasant, sleepy, bough-scented buzz.
Perhaps it's the soothing, storybook quality of Steve Martin's narration, or the predictable third act turn, but Love the Coopers does come together in the end.
Tear-stained but upbeat, without being persuasive in either direction, this is the sort of trite kitsch-fest people see reluctantly out of duty to a visiting grandma.
Loving the Coopers will be out of the question; leaving them will be the priority.
It should say something about the film that one of the least unhappy characters in it is the one who has attempted suicide.
"Love the Coopers" is one of the most jumbled, tonally misguided holiday movies in recent memory. It is an insult to tidings of comfort as well as joy, and a complete waste of the time and talents of its ensemble cast.
Filled with characters who are more irritating than likable and dialogue that sounds as though it had been lifted from a bad network dramedy.
Out of touch with human emotion, comfortable with sitcom-style scenes of testy familial interplay, and stitched together with masking tape and prayers, "Love the Coopers" is a painful holiday wreck.
As a comedy-drama, Coopers is almost completely without laughs, which maims its ability to find the right balance of pathos and farce.
Decked out in the usual tinsel-and-mistletoe trappings, the film lurches awkwardly between gloominess and giddiness, never hitting the boisterously bittersweet groove it seeks.
It may be too ambitious for its own good, it may be too willing to jerk tears, but its heart is in the right place.

@highlight

Love the Coopers has a talented cast and a uniquely bittersweet blend of holiday cheer in its better moments, but they're all let down by a script content to settle for cloying smarm.