...a periodically entertaining misfire.
The true highlight of Killing Ground is the editing, courtesy of Katie Flaxman, which weaves together the multiple narratives in a concise manner.
Playing with genre expectations as much as jumping around in time to instil dread and disquiet, it's a very compelling and skilfully well-made chiller, but a brutally violent watch many may find cruelly uncomfortable.
Ultimately, while Killing Ground may prove a solid stepping stone for its director in terms of the Hollywood marketplace, the film itself is unlikely to be remembered in the oeuvre to which it speaks.
"Killing Ground" is primal and nerve-shredding, a savvily constructed horror film of very real human monsters and innocent victims staring death in the face.
There's not enough of a political or moral statement for it to be interesting to critical viewers and not enough blood and guts to satisfy the gore-hounds.
Structured with a cruel precision, written and acted with a persuasive naturalism, this disturbing Australian survival thriller won't appeal to everyone.
Crikey! We've barely forgotten the recent Australian serial-killer drama Wolf Creek and now here we are again.
Tensions run high as it crosscuts between different timelines, creating scenes of sometimes breathtaking cruelty.
The structure generates considerable suspense and Power keeps conventional horror histrionics to a bare minimum.
The old scary movie convention about something bad going on in the woods gets an inventive, chillingly effective makeover in the outstanding debut film from Tasmanian writer/director Damien Power...An accomplished, edge-of-the-seat thriller.
I can't help but think that Killing Ground leans on the concept of spiritual comeuppance for Indigenous genocide as a potent but lazy background theme with which to bolster an otherwise rote narrative and set of filmmaking choices.
What Power does differently is to deny us the usual sources of comfort found within this framework. The lost toddler epitomises the isolation every character experiences on some level. The only one who really seems able to connect is the dog.
This horror-thriller set in a national park is one of the more brutal films I have seen.
For a first feature, Killing Ground is highly accomplished.
While there's much here to admire, from the lovely low-budget cinematography to the committed performances and cool plot manipulations, it's a little too disquietingly vicious at times and, by the end, somewhat depressing.
Killing Ground combines great aesthetic elegance - including beautiful cinematography and naturalistic editing - with an acrid, lingering foulness, derived from knife-edge performances and a terrifying premise executed with airtight verisimilitude.
The terror for the audience is blunt and bludgeoning, but conversely Power is an accomplished stylist who adroitly keeps the camera on the edge of increasingly bad expectations.
I'm not sure who the target audience is for Killing Ground, but I'm thrilled to not be part of it.
The visceral, unnerving debut of Aussie writer/director Damien Power, Killing Ground a brutal, mercilessly kinetic genre throwback that stings deep and packs a major wallop.
Made with the basest of intentions and aimed at the lowest form of humanity there is, let this be the first and last feature from Damien Power.
Overall, Killing Ground is a solid thriller and a good one to watch home alone in the dark.
Power also brings a remarkable degree of technical skill to the film, cutting between his two chronologies at telling moments and turning the idyllic surroundings into a place where danger and horror seems to rest behind each bend in the trail.
It's unusually unnerving and disturbing, not for high-concept visions of a world gone bad or fantastical on-screen depictions of horror and violence, but for the imposing awareness that this could all actually happen to anybody, anywhere, at any time.
The gore may be at a bare minimum, but the creep factor is pronounced, and the suspense, not to mention the surprises, will keep you on the edge of your seat and out of the woods forever.
It may be a bit simplistic thematically, with an ultimate message that's feels almost bullying, but while it lasts it's a properly intense freak-out, merging two timelines to keep us chilled to the bone.
The narrative strategy starts to feel like a gimmick to disguise the formulaic nature of a story that culminates in some obligatory blood and gore.
Killing Ground makes a genuine and wholehearted effort to be something different, and to a certain extent succeeds, but with the rest of it being too much of more of the same it doesn't stand out quite as much as it hopes to.
It works one's nerves over with skill, jumbling up its story's chronology in disorienting ways, and delivering a survivalist saga whose unnerving impact stems in large part from its refusal to shy away from the suddenness -- and ugliness -- of violence.
One thing Power mostly gets right is that he spends enough time with both the predators and their victims, separately, so that you start to care for the latter even if you don't fully understand the motivations of the former.
Once the novelty of the film's non-linear plot wears off, Killing Ground is mercilessly rote.
Mean as a snake storytelling hides Killing Ground's small but nagging flaws.
These personality-free characters fade from your mind even as you're watching the screen, making the brutality waged against them akin to animated mutilation of cartoon creatures.
Continuing the tradition of brutal Australian horror films like "Wolf Creek," "Killing Ground" is an effective indie creeper that unnerves the audience with its all-too-realistic violence.
Familiarity isn't a stumbling block for Power. He has a good eye for breathtaking shots in the most literal way possible, blocking scenes to maximize their chance of snatching the air right out of your lungs.
Your potential enjoyment of-or repulsion for-Killing Ground comes down to what you want to experience in a horror movie.
It's vile stuff, and "Killing Ground" would much more compelling if there was a scene contained within it that wasn't featured in dozens of similar endeavors.
Thankfully, despite his realistic tone, Power isn't about to pull a Michael Haneke and deprive you of the catharsis you expect. He just makes getting there a brutal drive.
If you can handle hardcore reality-based horror, buckle up and prepare for a ride that will leave you shaken.
Power ratchets the tension, expertly interweaving these three storylines with their different chronologies, before bringing them all together on the bushland track leading from the campsite.
A harrowing examination of humanity's capacity for cruelty.
What Backcountry did for campfire creature attacks Killing Ground does for murderous bushmen in the same setting.
Pitiless
Ruthless Australian horror movie is a tight, taut and well-directed tread on familiar turf.
While perhaps not as visceral as some outback-set ordeals, Killing Ground is inventive enough to subvert expectation and find fresh ways to unnerve the viewer.
Though not exactly original, there is something disturbingly eerie -- and dare we say real -- about Damien Power's Aussie-set thriller, Killing Ground.
a taut and torturous journey into darkness
"Killing Ground" is a chilling, assured debut for writer/director Damien Power, packed with promise and a startlingly mundane sort of violence which is all the more shocking for its realism.
There's ample confidence guiding this grimy take on the usual camping, stalking and fleeing-filled survivalist formula.
Even Eli Roth would turn away from what happens to some of the characters in this film, but it's the case of a delayed, unsatisfying payoff.
It's sub-Eli Roth.
While Killing Ground may be Power's feature film debut, his work has all the markings of an assured visual storyteller with the ability to create a taut and relentless experience.
Killing Ground is a lot more polished than the raw original Wolf Creek but captures the same intense, unforgiving violence.
It uses the non-linear narrative structure well to toy with the audience and create a sense of mystery around the duel arcs of the characters involved. But there comes a point when Power steps over the line into brutal territory.
Raw, riveting and realistic, Killing Ground carves terror out of a simple setting by focusing on the plausible horror strangers can inflict on each other.
There's shades of Straw Dogs and Deliverance in this effective Aussie backwoods horror, an intelligently restrained work that manages to remain authentic and tense throughout.
The message comes through loud and clear - stay away from Australia.
Transcends the cliches even as the film uses plenty of familiar tropes, laying down a solid hour of effective buildup to a duly hair-raising, prolonged climax.
A blunt, brutally effective survival tale distinguished by the parallel suspense tracks of its non-chronological structure.

@highlight

Killing Ground unnerves and compels in equal measure with a grimly intense story that may be too disturbing for some but delivers a white-knuckle experience for fans of brutally realistic thrillers.