Kleiman establishes a strong sense of place in a film that intrigues but never comes close to delivering enough explanation, at least for commercial audiences.
... a world of seductive, ungraspable danger that is as dark and wondrous as any bedtime fairytale.
A big fat meh.
Kleiman seems less interested in explaining the whys of his scenario than in observing his characters and their interactions -- a strategy that pays off thanks to excellent lead turns.
The storytelling is possibly a little too wilfully obscure, but whenever the protagonists leave the commune's walled-in compound, the desolate urban landscape outside - shot in the former Soviet republic of Georgia - makes a powerful impression.
A patiently unfolding drama that displays the lengths one will go to provide shelter and community, and what happens if you step out of bounds.
With his feature debut, young Australian filmmaker Ariel Kleiman tells a creepy story about a cult-like commune, anchored by a riveting performance from French actor Vincent Cassel.
Kleiman's Dogtooth-esque dark drama paints a weird and disturbing portrait of stolen innocence.
Kleiman has an eye for poetic imagery but the storytelling style is so oblique and dour that this is a jarring and difficult film to watch.
Cassel's subtle and quietly menacing performance helps compensate for a story that drifts along rather aimlessly at times, while Kleiman's dreamy visuals mark him out as a talent to watch.
Oddly underpowered, anticlimactic and torpidly acted ...
There's some decent technical stuff here, but the story's a big ol' bust.
A film trying so hard to upend expectations that it loses itself in the process.
Partisan is an impressive feature debut; both expertly condemning its paternalistic society, but sadly lacking in a single interesting female character to take a stand to Cassel's complex figure.
Jeremy Chabriel is arresting as the increasingly uneasy youngster, and director and co-writer Ariel Kleiman proves adept at both world-building and attention-focusing.
A deeply frustrating head-scratcher.
Vincent Cassel's primal physicality and threatening charm are front and center in this taut dystopian fable.
It's hard to tell if director and co-writer Ariel Kleiman is being serious or sarcastic with a story this preposterous.
A moody drama that employs a dystopian-type premise that is not too far afield from a typical young-adult book series although with loftier aspirations and a less propulsive pace.
Usually, partisans stand for something, but in this movie, which is stripped of a specific time frame and relevant geopolitical context, the term becomes hollow.
Newcomer Jeremy Chabriel commands as 11-year-old Alexander, a chosen son whose dawning sense of right and wrong challenges the social order. An auspicious beginning, for him and Kleiman.
Ambiguity proves the undoing of a potentially interesting story in "Partisan," the first feature by Australian filmmaker Ariel Kleiman.
On one level, Alexander is the freedom-fighter and Gregori the corrupt old tyrant, like Ceaușescu, Miloević, or Tito. On another, you wish Partisan were more pointed in its writing, more connected to an outside, modern world.
Dark, chilling, impressive film about the training of child assassins in a sequestered commune led by a charismatic figure, played to perfection by Vincent Cassel.
Maddeningly vague.
This intimate drama is highlighted by strong performances from Vincent Cassel and newcomer Jeremy Chabriel. "Partisan" may not delve deeply enough into its fascinating milieu, but the threat of violence lingers over the film like a dark cloud.
Partisan is too obscure to appeal even to American arthouse crowds. It's too obscure and uneventful, ultimately, for its own good.
Perhaps it's a date movie for sadists.
Ariel Kleiman fashions an erotic atmosphere of dusty sensuality that complicates our judgement of this world, but he takes shortcuts.
Partisan's lack of interest in providing necessary context - especially about the ill-defined larger society that Gregori rejects - leaves it operating on a hazy psychological level.
It's rare that a filmmaker has the level of confidence shown by Kleiman, who never feels the need to guide us through "Partisan" point by point.
"Partisan" is slow and it is ambiguous but supremely sure of itself, as it moves, with singleminded grace from chilly to all-out chilling.
The story drags a little in the middle stages but this is still a strong, unsettling Australian feature.
Absolutely remarkable feature film debut ...Director Ariel Kleiman delivers a quietly powerful, engrossing tract about psychological seduction, manipulation and good old mind control.
This is a film of great restraint, one that chooses to take its time observing through the eyes of its young protagonist...
The script never gets beyond its vague metaphors and an earnest desire to make profound observations about human nature.
You're never sure what the characters are capable of achieving and the bottled-up energy that comes out of that feeling runs throughout.
It is the gentle, gradual way in which first time director Ariel Kleiman allows his revelations to take place that makes Partisan so shocking.
A beautifully crafted yet equally disturbing thriller.
An intriguing, carefully crafted film with an obnoxious tendency to meditate when you wish it would elaborate. It feels like an objectively "good film" that wouldn't be anyone's favorite.
Conventional narrative detail is certainly not a requirement, and many directors can sustain a movie based on little more than suggestion and mood. But Partisan begins to feel like a short film treatment stretched beyond its limits.
A pint-size killer gains a conscience in Ariel Kleiman's confidently told debut feature.

@highlight

Well-acted and suitably chilling, Partisan is a dark drama whose confident craft may offer enough for some viewers to look past its flaws.