A melodrama dressed up just enough to hold interest, in the retelling of an undeniably important story.
What should have turned out as a terrific movie about the crime of spousal abuse has instead received the equivalent of a ham-handed molestation by director Mundhra.
By offsetting Women in Cages-style throw-downs with Malcolm X-like uplift, it is simultaneously strange and familiar, inspiring and annoying.
The real-life heroes in this story deserve better than a formulaic, poorly shot melodrama.
The script is melodramatic, and Rai's lead performance is thin stuff.
[Director] Mundhra can't control the expansiveness of the melodrama or focus on the terseness of realism. Every character in Provoked, from victims to tyrants, Indian to English, loud to quiet, ends up as a grossly exaggerated comic creation.
In the end, Provoked is not provocative enough.
Provoked rarely ducks below its glossy surface.
feels largely meaningless and inconsequential
The true-crime drama Provoked has everything to offer except a cinematic point of view and a knack for depicting human beings under duress. Those are major drawbacks.
Unfortunately, Provoked possesses the tinny production values and schmaltzy music of a prime-time special, despite its ensemble of terrific actors.
Account of a legal campaign launched by women to expose the brutality of domestic violence and male chauvinism.
Director Jag Mundhra doesn't do enough to clarify that killing, however horrible the man, really isn't okay, even for beautiful women.
In keeping its inflammatory subject matter at arm's length, Provoked does exactly the same to its audience.
Holy Burning Bed! If Britain had its own equivalent of the Lifetime channel, "Provoked" would be tailor made for it.
PROVOKED: A TRUE STORY sets out to tell an important story in the history of the British judicial system. Unfortunately, the project was undertaken by filmmakers who seemingly didn't know how to handle the implications of the story they wanted to tell.
Soapy sermon about the landmark case of a battered wife.
Director Jag Mundhra expends so much energy and screen time to sway us to take Kiranjit's side -- really, we're on her side, we're on her side -- that he doesn't have much left over for anything else.
A clueless [director] Mundhra tackles the subject with a heavy hand and a contrived script. The result is a daytime soap mixed with a second-rate women-behind-bars flick.
For all the gushy feelings, the plight of women like Kiranjit, bound not only by domineering, often physically abusive husbands but by racism and oppressive cultural traditions as well, is poignantly portrayed.
Rai's acting is frustratingly passive in Provoked, and the script is laced with prison and courtroom clichés. But the movie gets most of the facts straight and the flashbacks to the wife's abuse are harrowing.
[T]his conventional but deftly handled movie lays it bare, plays it straight, and eschews all the soppy melodrama we've come to expect from such solemn displays of aggressive, mad-as-hell feminism.
There are some tremendous lessons of courage and justice to be taken from Provoked, however the drama is often so forced that there are times when the film is hard to watch.
The true story deserved something much more gritty and intense than Provoked was able to deliver.
Jag Mundhra's melodrama is pitched at an almost deafening level, drowning out any tiny notes of nuance in a tale of tears of triumph.
Unfortunately, syrupy music, reductive characterizations and bland cinematography turn her case into an earnest feminist fable that plays like an afterschool special for grown-ups. (Call it the anti-Longford.)
What is exemplary about Provoked, is how these women survive and prevail simply but unequivocably through the resilient emotional fortitude they impart to one another.
Courtroom drama about the landmark decision which established Battered Women's Syndrome as a defense, at least in England, where relief for an abused wife is now just a Molotov cocktail away.
Provoked is a feminist homily of the shrillest order.
A historic tale of triumph that director Jag Mundhra douses in Old Hollywood-meets-Bollywood aesthetics.
Provoked is just about worth seeing for its important subject matter and for Aishwarya Rai's performance but it's a real struggle at times, due to the astonishingly inept direction.
For viewers prepared to go with the flow, it works at a gut, movie-movie level.
It's a low-key message movie, but it still packs a punch.
Provoked avoids sentimentality and illustrates how one woman's bravery helped fuel a nationwide crusade and irrevocably altered British laws on domestic violence.

@highlight

Provoked's story is worth telling, but the hammy dialogue and heavy-handed direction doesn't give it the refined treatment it deserves.