If the names Huey Newton, Bobby Seale and Eldridge and Kathleen Cleaver don't spark some recognition in you (and they should), Nelson's film acts as a smart, moving primer for anyone wanting a point of entry into the Black Panther origin story.
If you're doing general research on the Panthers and a need resource, or interested in learning more about their story (from a male perspective only), THE BLACK PANTHERS: VANGUARD OF THE REVOLUTION is definitely for you.
Black Panthers: Vanguard of the Revolution paints a full, nuanced portrait of the party, and what it meant to those involved.
Stick with this movie. It has a lot to say, a lot to reveal and is pertinent to today's testy police/civilian race relations.
The Panthers' confused manifesto included shades of Marxism, Leninism and the black nationalist theories of Malcolm X... But the movement's descent into violence and corruption was swift and fatal, as Mr. Nelson's fine film painstakingly demonstrates.
Despite the title, not at all a "fan" tribute to a group that like so many others in the mad 1960s imploded through a combination of state repression and its own ineptitude
Nelson's documentary shows that the story wasn't as simple as most people remember today.
Obviously, there's more about America's postslavery institutions and their resisters than can fit in a two-hour movie. But with the aid of an extra-funky soundtrack, Vanguard of the Revolution makes a good, fist-pumping start.
Nelson's work, feeling more fragmented than kaleidoscopic, falls short of '60s-activist docs The Weather Underground (2002) or 1971 (2014). But sobering images and snippets of poetic insight linger.
The thing that struck me watching this was how little things have changed with white privilege and police killing blacks since this group started out as a self defense organization in Oakland, California in 1966.
There's still a crisis in black-white relations, which makes this film timely.
This film is an awakening even for people who watched the original coverage firsthand.
Nelson's film mixes rare archival footage with penetrating interviews to explore the successes, failures, myths and realities of the Black Panthers.
Vanguard of the Revolution is at its strongest when it entertains female voices: Elaine Brown, Kathleen Cleaver, Ericka Huggins. Their fire is vigorously undimmed.
A pulsing soul-power soundtrack, extensive and rare archive footage and fiercely honest contemporary interviews drive Stanley Nelson's blistering account of the rise and fall of the Black Panther party.
Combining archive footage and present-day interviews, and using music to drive the story, Nelson tells a complicated and often violent story in lithe, inventive fashion.
Both educational and entertaining, the rise and fall of the most alluring and controversial black organisation of America's late 60s comes to life via facts, vivid images and unique statements.
Conventional as a documentary, but speaks about much more than the just the subject at hand.
It might have benefited from a more critical polemic (some of those Panther cats, I believe, weren't all good), but for an analysis of US racial dynamics as seen from the post #ICantBreathe era, it makes for sobering viewing.
Why are the Black Panthers not a force today? Has radicalism collapsed? An engrossing return to a forgotten past.
The film doesn't shake our suspicion that the stories being told have calcified into legend.
Exploring activism's role in the '60s struggle for civil rights, this is a powerful look at a contentiously iconic movement.
An even-handed overview of a tumultuous time in U.S. history.
Stanley Nelson's documentary tracing the rise and fall of black America's most militant movement has a little bit of everything good: mercurial personalities, passion and plenty of drama.
Although there is not time to tell the whole story, this is a powerful film with a lot of lessons, none of them easy.
The Black Panthers: Vanguard of the Revolution covers all the important bases, while also suggesting other places for future documentarians to go.
"The Black Panthers: Vanguard of the Revolution" arrives on PBS stations early next year. I suggest not waiting.
The documentary connects the past and the present so forcefully that we see our own reflection in the struggle to bring power to the people.
Nelson understands the play of outsized personalities and unexpected events, and he's helped that enough time has passed for former Panthers to feel comfortable telling their stories, especially to someone of Nelson's stature in the documentary world.
[A] straightforward, liberal-minded history of the Black Panther Party.
Superb filmmaking with a sure sense of its subject. The look and sound of the 1960s is celebrated too, from the sleek, sharp, even iconic fashion sense of the Panthers, to the soul-centric soundtrack. ("We had a swagger," one figure rightly says.)
While children of the '60s and '70s may find much that is familiar in "Black Panthers: Vanguard of the Revolution," most also will find something to discover ...
If "The Black Panthers" has been designed to leave viewers outraged and energized in equal measure, it succeeds with admirable style. It counts both as essential history and a primer in making sense of how we live now.
If Nelson's well-intentioned doc never catches fire, it recalls incendiary times.
In addition to being an important film, "Vanguard of the Revolution" is also a terrific nostalgia trip, taking us on a vivid voyage back to the Swingin' Sixties.
For those familiar with the BPP, the film fills in a lot of the details. For those not, it will be a part of America's history that should be known.
In the end, Vanguard becomes more of a nostalgic ode than a plumbing of history.
It will be an eye opener for those with preconceived notions, an audience which unfortunately will be less inclined to seek it out.
A brisk, balanced mix of interviews, archival footage, and photos backed by a pointed soundtrack ...
Half a century later, the Panther movement could find a renaissance in a situation that seems not all that different. Things change, but in many ways they stay the same, and you'll wish the film just didn't have to be so timely.
"The weakness here is the need to tackle the entire history of the Panthers."
"The Black Panthers: Vanguard of the Revolution" is not a particularly exceptional movie in form, but as a thorough record it is extraordinary.
An impressively detailed explication of how quickly the Black Panthers rose and fell.
[An] intelligent, admiring documentary about the legendary political group, a sprawling narrative that inevitably leaves some threads dangling.
Loaded with the militant images that grabbed worldwide media attention in the late '60s, Nelson's doc strikes an intelligent balance between funk-scored pride and a more universal story of activism threatened by in-fighting and accidental celebrity.
An important, timely and captivating doc.
Ultimately isn't the last word on the Panthers, but it's equal parts exposition and fire.
Stanley Nelson's studious history shows that even without the law enforcement campaign of disinformation, infiltration, and assassination, the Black Panthers would have imploded on their own.
An expertly edited mosaic of the political party.
Look at what they fought for, look at how strongly their resistance was resisted, think about how familiar the police brutality they exposed still is today.
Like any good work of history, "The Black Panthers" sticks close to the facts, plotting complex events into a packed, fast-moving timeline and leaving to the viewers the work of drawing lessons and analogies for our own time.
Joining some other recent histories about black Americans fighting powers that are too rarely held accountable to them, the film continues a discussion whose present-day relevance is painfully, increasingly obvious.
Presents impactful historical footage and stills, largely b&w, set alongside present color interviews with celebrated, now aged, figures of the era.
The Black Panthers revisited less as a political party concerned about the welfare of the people than as an internecine power struggle between a couple of larger than life egos.
It both feeds off of and perpetuates nostalgia for a time when the nation seemed more politically conscious and therefore more capable of creating lasting social change.
With no narrator to shepherd us along, the movie feels noisy and restless.
﻿[Director ﻿Stanley] Nelson and editor Aljernon Tunsil have a magician's touch for giving life to period music and archival images, as well as a scholar's resourcefulness in digging them up.
Vet PBS documentarian Stanley Nelson's sturdy, straightforward chronicle of the Black Power organization.
Extraordinary archival footage, . .TV news clips, newspapers, rare illustrations and photographs and frank. . .interviews with former, gray-haired Panthers from across U.S..
Alas, its ultra-conventional, this-then-that approach, peppered with the reminiscences of long-since mellowed talking heads, rarely feels suited to the messy politics and personal lives of Black Panther Party firebrands ...

@highlight

The Black Panthers: Vanguard Of The Revolution offers a fascinating -- if somewhat rudimentary -- introduction to a movement, and an era, that remains soberingly relevant today.