If you're interested in seeing wonderful landscapes created by the magic of digital animation and some of the most colorful characters never created in the automotive industry world, this is just the movie for you... [Full review in Spanish]
The problems start and end with the uninspired, witless and convoluted script.
To its credit, Cars 2, despite its over-busy plot and constant action, certainly isn't, well, on automatic. But the secret agent schemes do get confusing.
A fairly disastrous sequel...
Undoubtedly flawed, this animated film is still (barely) worth seeing.
Minor Pixar, but it would be a major film were it made by just about anyone else. I, for one, will not get greedy.
Unlike the duller than duller "Cars," this is better than the toys they sell along with it.
Despite a more interesting plot, Cars 2 still leans on a number of problems established in the first film -- specifically leading men, Lightning McQueen and Mater.
Cars 2 is a very messy concoction, but it does prove entertaining every once in a while.
With Cars 2 it seems Pixar may have fallen on the self-made sword of success. But even for adult audiences, it is no more than middling - it is neither terribly good nor terrible, but it still out-performs the majority of rival animation studios' output.
It's so eye-popping that Cars 2 easily ranks as one of the best 3D entries this year.
...Cars 2 is a bright and breezy excursion that avoids the slow patches the original had...
Cars dazzled my eyes and warmed my heart. Cars 2 ... inspired resistance instead of welcome.
Kids will be entertained and so will adults. I just didn't find myself particularly engaged.
The action is non-stop and pleasing to the eye, but somewhere along the way, Pixar's soul was left behind.
Don't tell the kids, but Santa Claus isn't real and Pixar is fallible.
The summer's first must-see family film is another cross-generational treasure from Pixar-Disney, with a full tank of humor, high-tech animation in the service of a good story, and heart.
unlikely to be regarded among the best of the American studios' work, Cars 2 is a likeable sequel with dazzling visuals and adheres to everything Disney stands for.
Pixar's first bad film relies more on merchandising opportunities than storytelling ones.
The whole thing's basically Theseus' paradox as performed by a cast of sentient automobiles.
Though technically up to snuff, it's flat-footed stuff.
Visuals look spectacular and action sequences take full advantage of the 3D format so you feel like you are burning rubber down winding roads at dizzying speed.
Cars 2 won't win any new converts, but will sell an awful lot of car toys.
It is all quite jolly and fast-paced, a feast for the eyes, but there's not much for the mind or the heart.
Mater's ugly-Americanism may be 'humorous,' but simmering below the surface of this story is the horrifying prospect of another kind of American idiocy taking hold around the world: 'intelligent design.'
It unquestionably sparkles visually and the very youngest kids will still enjoy it, but between Cars 2 and particularly Pixar's three previous features stands a wide chasm of quality.
The invention here is often still dazzling, the race sequences are invigorating and spirited voice work atones for the inexpressiveness of the cars themselves. Even so, this isn't Pixar at top gear.
One for the scrapheap.
Ultimately, Cars 2 isn't a bad film but it does have some deadly dull stretches and never hits top gear.
It's funny, entertaining, and visually witty. I could happily watch it again, just for the ingenuity of the background detail.
A Mater overload is on the cards, and much as the new characters add some dimension, it's still a Mater-McQueen show, essentially.
Not much engine-power here.
So-so.
Lasseter delivers some exciting race sequences set in, among other places, Paris and London, but the stop-start nature of the yarn results in a rare instance of Pixar failing to fire on all cylinders.
Sweet turbo mother of fuel injections, what is this?
Cars 2 is beautiful to look at, but the characters still don't really grab hold of your hearts like Woody & Co from Toy Story or even the fish in Finding Nemo.
Ironic that Cars continues to be Pixar's most underpowered juggernaut - but you have to admire the body work.
Cars 2 is beautifully animated but it's also frequently dull and painfully unfunny, thanks to an irritating lead character, an overstuffed script, several poorly conceived jokes and a plot that's probably too complicated for its target audience.
Aesthetically Cars 2 is as accomplished as anything the studio has done, but look under the bonnet and the script doesn't quite have the sophistication to shift into top gear.
Time, perhaps, for the franchise to be towed off to the scrapyard. Sorry, Pixar.
It's not vintage Pixar, but Cars 2 is still streets ahead of most of the animated pack.
For the first time in its 25-year existence, Pixar has created an utterly ordinary film.
It's good fun but, with so many characters and plot strands, it also feels cluttered and rather chaotic.
What an irony that Cars 2 is in many ways the epitome of the fast-paced, superficial postmodernity that its predecessor bemoaned.
It's hugely sad that the Emeryville studio have turned in their first dud but the stark reality is that Cars 2 really offers very little for neither kids nor adults.
There's more going on than there was in Cars and the globe-trotting's a gas. But compared to the pick of the Pixar pack, this is some way down the grid.
It's not that Cars 2 is bad-it's just ordinary, and Pixar has never made ordinary.
The sequel zooms along quickly enough, but its attempts at humor are often stale and forced and there's a distinct lack of emotion to the proceedings.
A sequel that improves on the original, Cars 2 is sheer delight.
A rollicking, free-wheeling joy ride.
"Cars 2" is a solid vehicle for Pixar.
A really fun movie with a lot going on in it.
After the serviceable first film... this sequel puts the accelerator to the floor and never looks in the rear-view mirror.
Cars 2 runs out of gas. It's on fumes -- and some of them pretty noxious. There may be enough color and motion to initially interest children, but the plot will lose them, and boredom may follow.
Lasseter should have left this sputtering galumph on the table and pumped the gas into Toy Story 4.
More of a spinoff than a sequel, Cars 2 succeeds on the back of a much more likeable hero and plot full of silly fun and adventure.
Not a total car wreck but has enough "dents" plotwise to make it less than a Pixar movie should be
Pixar can do bugs, fish and toys, but they just can't bring these cars to life.
It seems the gang at Pixar Animation Studios is human after all -- they've finally come out with an out-and-out stinker.
It's finally happened. Pixar's mythical run of great films is over.
Cars 2's lovely globe-spanning graphics and 007-ish action give it a slight edge over its sire, but not by much. The overlong, convoluted plot and charmless, bargain-basement humour is way beneath Pixar standards.
Exceptionally colorful and bright animation mingles with a multi-layered storyline that bogs down around the lowbrow humor of Larry the Cable Guy.
Even with its highly adroit usage of 3D, this animated exercise in busyness has an incomprehensible James Bond-ian storyline that should baffle young ones as much as it grates on their elders.
It is a good film, but lacks the emotional punch of "Up" or the exquisite ending of "Toy Story 3." Maybe this one is bad enough that the establishment will allow an animator other than Pixar to win the top awards this year.
How ****ing sad this movie is.
If you were the kids that the merchandising is aimed at, then you would love this film. It's just not for us.
Without the warm-hearted innocence Mater brings to screenwriter Ben Queen's madcap espionage adventure, Lasseter's sequel would be little more than a superior technical exercise, visually impressive but so slight as to seem superfluous.
Capturing the spirit of old Saturday Morning cartoons, most notably of the Hanna-Barbara variety, the movie it a witty adventure kids will adore and parents will get a pretty decent kick out of.
With the love story jettisoned in favor of explosions, a confusing plot and poorly defined characters, Cars 2 goes nowhere fast.
No, Cars 2 isn't another pearl from Pixar, but it's entertaining and well-made.
The new runt of the Pixar litter. But so what? If the Pixar gurus occasionally want to kick up their heels and make movies that offer only surface pleasures, then so be it. The only requirement should be that they entertain, which this certainly does.
It looks like a Pixar film, but it sure doesn't feel like one.
Cars 2 feels like a rival animation studio trying to copy the Pixar formula - and failing.
It took real willpower to sit through this entire mess, and even my granddaughter (10) said "That was a terrible movie, Grandma; I didn't like it."
It's an example of what a sequel should, or at least can, be.
Cars 2 is marginally better than its predecessor, but the same problem still remains: Cars just aren't very interesting as anthropomorphic animation vehicles (pun intended).
Take the family, and leave your cynicism at home if you dare. Even though Cars 2 doesn't top my Pixar list, it's still a great film.
Pixar's first true disaster, which totally fails to understand what was good about the first film, or what's great about Pixar itself.
It is gorgeous - as gorgeous as any animated movie is likely to be in all of 2011... and it has a completely awful story and script.
This is one Pixar film where you really do feel the length as keenly as the merchandising push.
Bad creative decision #1: Making Cars a spy movie. The whole point of Cars 1 was to slow down and appreciate life. Now it's a busy generic caper. Bad creative decision #2: Cars with guns.
Not since Hee Haw has the South been so successfully slandered; Larry the Cable Guy's live action films are beyond abysmal, and his hayseed, grinning rube act is no less offensive or cynical when transposed into cartoon form.
There are a lot of expertly designed action scenes and some very detailed, great-looking set pieces, but in the end, making Mater the main character turns the film into kind of a Forrest Gump lite.
A sensory-overloaded sequel that revs to a confusing, high-octane frenzy, never forging any emotional connection with the audience. BUT the accompanying short, 'Toy Story Hawaiian Vacation' is delightful. Keep the short - can the feature.
There is nothing here to justify a sequel, other than the merchandising revenue. What they have given us is a limp, over-stuffed film that lacks class.
"Cars 2" is a Honda needing a body shop as compared to the pristine Ferrari that was "Cars". It's an unequal Pixar blend for adults and kiddies that never evolves into the storytelling success of its predecessor.
While the little ones will have plenty to feast their eyes, ears and short attention spans on, grown-ups should accept that this is one Pixar effort that treats the adults in the audience more like baby sitters.
Not every Pixar feature needs to be deeply profound or lead you to the brink of tears for it to be a worthwhile experience. What's so wrong with just having a blast at the movies? Most of the time that's all my inner-child needs.
Globe-spanning sequel to Pixar's 2006 automative adventure is a visual treat, but has less to offer mature viewers than the studio's recent top-of-the-line models.
...by Pixar's outrageous standards of Oscar shoo-in virtuosity, this sequel is a disappointment at best.
Pixar moves into the fast lane for a sequel that doesn't flame out, but is burdened by too much plot
This is also one of the most violent Pixar films, with cars being shot at, thrown into the ocean to drown and dying. Yes, dying. It tries to be a Bond film, but when was the last time you let your five-year-old watch one of those?
Sidekicks exist to steal the show, not carry it like Tow Mater is asked to do in Cars 2. The redneck rust bucket is on screen so much that 3-D glasses should come with tetanus shots.
For the first time, we get a sense of 'let's just knock this out' instead of 'let's knock this out of the park.'
A convoluted, boring storyline and a way-too-long feature.
"Cars 2" blows a gasket.
I have such high regard for Pixar and its creative team, led by John Lasseter, that it actually hurts to knock one of their movies-something I've never done before. But then, I've never gotten a headache watching any of their previous films. Despite...
Between the smart visuals and the dumbed-down script, Cars 2 manages to be good enough - which, considering Pixar's past levels of brilliance, is a considerable disappointment.
Larry the Cable Guy has helped make Mater one of Pixar's sweetest creations. He just happens to reside in the studio's least-magical franchise.
Not that Cars 2 is an actively bad animated film. It's just sort of an average animated film.
Unlike most Pixar fare, this isn't a movie you can imagine many adults wanting to see without their children in tow.
Although it would be unfair to label Cars 2 as unwatchable, it is surprisingly tedious in parts and not as satisfying as one might expect.
A sequel with a lot of horse power under the hood, but little else.
Cars sequel revs up action and mixes in spy thrills.
A too long and repetitious sequel to the winning first film that is part Cars, part James Bond, part Transformers, and part Beverly Hillbillies.
Cars 2" never seems to rev up to its full potential. At one hour and 53 minutes, it feels sluggish and padded. The film lacks spark and drive.
As an animated feature Cars 2 is good as long as you can put up with Mater, but as a Pixar movie its missing much of the magic that you've come to expect from the studio.
The first Pixar feature film that seems unnecessary -- more marketplace contrivance than passion project.
All winning streaks must come to an end, but this is ugly.
Someone must like Mater, who's already had his own spinoff TV show. Just as someone must like Larry the Cable Guy, who voices him. But that someone isn't me, and if it isn't you, you're in for one very long matinee.
Like the first film, Cars 2 runs out of gas. Unlike the original, this one fails to cross the finish line.
A work of disheartening anonymity … not only is Cars 2 mediocre, it doesn't even feel like mediocre Pixar.
I hate to say this, but Cars 2 is the first Pixar movie that feels dead inside.
Mediocre Pixar is still way better than what any other animation studios are doing.
Unless you have a kid in tow who wants to see about 75 new cars that you'll later have to buy for them in toy form, this movie isn't a must-see.
You'd think that the grown-up audience that actually buys the billions of dollars worth of Cars toys and other merch wouldn't have to deal with being so studiously ignored, especially when no other Pixar movie has ever intentionally shut them out.
It's Mater to the rescue every time the plot bogs down.
As silly and soulless spy spoofs go, Cars 2 has its moments here and there.
This is a movie made for kids who grew up on tiny tin versions of their favorite vehicles, a group outside the often adult reach of a typical Pixar experience.
As lovable as Mater is, let's face it: A little bit of Larry the Cable Guy goes a long way.
Lightning and Mater are both likable characters. Their odd-couple friendship makes "Cars 2" worth watching, even if some elements of the film aren't fully carticulated.
They said it couldn't be done. But Pixar proved the yaysayers wrong when it made its first bad movie, "Cars." Now it has worsted itself with the even more awful "Cars 2."
Feels like it was written by someone who got fired from an Eddie Murphy film, or Jay Leno. It's the sequel no one asked for.
Lasseter and his team's pitch-perfect way with genre cliches revs up the espionage subplot.
Apparently co-director John Lasseter is so in love with the idea of talking cars that he could not see that it falls short of the standards he is responsible for establishing.
It's a worthwhile diversion... but let's hope that Lasseter and friends soon return to the emotional ambition that has made Pixar such a reliable brand to date.
Tedious, derivative, and with little inspiration, Cars 2 is not only the weakest Pixar effort, it is also the studio's first genuinely bad one.
A tedious action caper that has only a handful of laughs and suffers from a dearth of storytelling magic. It's shockingly un-Pixar-like.
If you have kids under 10, you'll at least marvel at the multiple car chases and car races this sequel delivers. But for everyone else, this is the first Pixar movie that you should skip entirely. (Full Content Parental Review Also Available)
As appalling as any motion picture released so far in 2011. Ruthlessly betrays every last thing the original so passionately stood for.
Cars 2 demonstrates that not every hit movie merits a sequel.
Here is the most important thing you need to know about this movie: Larry the Cable Guy has top billing.
"Cars 2" teaches gentle kid-friendly lessons about the importance of friendship and being yourself and introduces some great new characters in its parallel spy drama and auto racing plots.
This souped-up sequel kicks it into high gear with new characters, slick animation and a global espionage caper.
All the shifts in location with four big races and the spy story get overly complicated without drawing us in, a disquieting sense of missing the forest for the trees.
Harsh criticism for this kiddie-focused sequel is not unwarranted, but my thought is that the film works best when not put into the Pixar context. Viewed in a vacuum, Cars 2 is solid family entertainment.
It's not that "Cars 2" is an unpleasant exercise in animated filmmaking. It's just such a perfunctory one. The sequel is about as captivating as a trip to the Disney store at the mall.
Did no one, at any point, simply ask, "do we really want Larry the Cable Guy carrying this movie?"
The film's frenetic pace will keep the kids from getting bored but overall Cars 2 does not further Pixar's previously pristine legacy. Cars 2 makes for a decent play date but is not an especially good movie.
For the first time in its 25-year history, Pixar has produced a picture that has no reason to exist -- other than the obvious monetary one, of course, or maybe director John Lasseter's desire to make a faux James Bond movie.
In terms of story and atmosphere and overall feeling, "Cars 2" is a brand-new experience - and a distinct improvement.
The law of averages has finally caught up with the most remarkable studio in modern movie history, the dream factory that lived up to Buzz Lightyear's joyous cry of "To infinity and beyond." This frenzied sequel seldom gets beyond mediocrity.
We've come to expect perfection from Pixar, mostly because Pixar expects perfection from itself.
After eleven artistically and financially successful features, Pixar has delivered their first dud with Cars 2.
"Cars 2" might be a better James Bond film than five or six of the actual Bond films, and the fact that its hero is a bucktoothed, redneck tow truck without a hood does nothing to detract from its (admittedly modest) appeal.
It's sweet-spirited, visually delightful (if aurally cacophonous), and it will make for a pleasant enough family afternoon at the movies. But we've come to expect so much more than mere pleasantness from Pixar that Cars 2 feels almost like a betrayal.
If it's going to be diet Pixar, at least it's action-packed diet Pixar -- with overwhelming, detail-choked production design that occasionally had my jaw lowering like a forklift.
It's Pixar's first clunker.
"Cars 2" hardly seems like a Pixar movie at all - it lacks the studio's usual emotional ambition, it settles for the gag-a-minute style of its commercial rivals, and is by far the studio's least original movie.
It does just about everything but tell an actual story.
The original movie has been debugged and rethought. It's funnier and sharper.
heartless, convoluted, and boring
With "Cars 2," Pixar goes somewhere new: the ditch.
The movie is an interesting reminder of how very, very high the Pixar wizards have set the bar. Sometimes they make masterpieces; sometimes, as in this case, they just make pretty good movies.
Despite the bucktoothed charm of the truck named Mater and a plot that pays lip service to alternative fuels, the John Lasseter-directed animation does not turn the lemon into lemonade.
[Pixar]t has set such a high bar with what it has done with animation and storytelling over its 25 years that when it falls short -- and it does fall short with Cars 2 -- the disappointment can make a perfectly good, entertaining movie seem like a letdown.
The animation is superb, but the length and sledgehammer delivery takes Cars 2 down to second gear.
I blow a piston whenever 2006's Cars gets trashed as the runt of the Pixar litter. The sequel is a tire-burning burst of action and fun with a beating heart under its hood.
There is a lot to like about "Cars 2." The 3-D animation is sumptuous, the action sequences are exciting. It manages to be witty enough to engage adults while being 100% kid-friendly.
A hypocritical bore of a film that is fundamentally no different in tone, humor and plot than your average Larry the Cable Guy film.
This being Pixar, Cars 2 looks fantastic, but the studio has never given audiences -- especially audiences over the age of 10 -- less reason to be emotionally invested in the beautiful shiny things flying across the screen.
Especially coming from Pixar, this frantic but uninspired 'toon is a major disappointment.
At a time when some "grown-up" action films are relentlessly shallow and stupid, here is a movie with such complexity that even the cars sometimes have to pause and explain it to themselves.
Despite its technical and design finesse, this ranks as Pixar's weakest project to date, as well as the first from the animation powerhouse that can be described as craven.
Pixar had never produced a clunker, but with "Cars 2," the animation studio has not only stalled, it's gone into reverse.
Of all the great Pixar films and franchises, "Cars" is perhaps the most difficult to embrace.
Cars' second lap wisely trades the tepid Americana of the first go-round for a tangier takeoff on globe-hopping spy adventures.
Cute cars and some terrific animation, but Cars 2 lacks compelling characters and a clever story. Pixar is so adept at providing emotion and laughs. This one lacks both.
With Toy Story 3, one could sense the heartfelt devotion the filmmakers put into visiting those characters again; I don't feel it here. Cars 2 is still a highly entertaining bit of animation, but the soul isn't filled by watching it.
Mater is dumb, excitable and puppy-dog loyal, his idiot-savant automotive expertise grounded in humble, blue-collar simplicity. I doubt anyone will protest much, but Pixar has now found its redneck Jar-Jar Binks. Such a proud moment.
Young kids will like this, but that's about it.
Pixar runs out of gas. Into a brick wall.
This is Mater's movie. It's a Materthon. I would call it Materific if he didn't leave me longing for WALLE's robot to crush him into a silent cube.
The constantly shifting scenery and the over-reliance on Mater's idiocy combine to produce a fatigue not common to better Pixar efforts.
Given Pixar's track record, it would be easy to forgive Cars 2 as a swing and a miss. Yet the movie is more disconcerting than that.
The Cars characters will never be in danger of melting my heart, but the spy antics in this film are enough of a rip-roaring distraction to carry me through the almost two-hour running time.
Fine as a mild diversion, but up against Pixar's high standards, it's a definite disappointment.
The first Pixar film that could understandably be dismissed as filler.
At least Cars 2 looks as expertly sleek and sturdy as audiences have come to expect from the standard-setting animation company, which is celebrating its 25th anniversary.
Cars 2 narrowly avoids becoming Pixar's first truly bad movie, but it's definitely the studio's worst movie.
While it doesn't hit the grand heights of other Pixar films, there's still a lot of fun to be had here.
Too much of the movie putters along on autopilot.
A great deal of know-how has been poured into Cars 2 but there's no way this cutesy scenario can work on multiple levels.
Only the youngest audience members will be amused (if a bit squirmy); older kids and parents will find their patience tested. At least Pixar's peerless animation remains a treat.
Cars 2 is not a bad sequel, just a disappointing one (though Cars was not great either), a structurally messy animation that goes overboard as compensation for the flawed narrative.
It's sometimes funny, often silly but never really transcendent, though the same could probably be said of the original, as well.
Lackluster and misguided, dialing up the noise and violence while a cast of allegedly beloved characters are left in the rear-view mirror, playing second fiddle to explosions and gunfire.
You never believe any of the movie's homilies are more than shallow truisms tacked onto an overlong toy commercial.
Yes, "Cars 2″ is better than "Cars."
Preguiçoso no desenvolvimento de seus personagens e clichê na elaboração de sua trama.
Cars 2 is such a mess, it makes the original look like it ought to rank among Pixar's masterpieces by comparison.
Notwithstanding John Turturro's amusingly smug Italian F1 speedster and a few lighthearted jabs at Japanese TV and technology, Cars 2 generally remains stuck in neutral.
Cars 2 looks like the work of multiple committees completing various objectives, with varying degrees of success.
Pixar's least-serious film to date: playful, silly, crammed with one-liners and throwaway sight gags. Though it lacks the immense depth of feeling that characterizes the studio's more acclaimed releases, it's by no means hollow.
A light summer feast for the senses that will have the whole family vrooming, for sure.
This isn't an animated film, this is a cartoon.
Even Pixar, as trustworthy a brand as there is, lays an egg from time to time. In the case of Cars 2, it's a rotten egg to boot.
If you're going to set the standard in animation, however lofty it may be, you best be prepared to live up to it. And Cars 2, it pains me to say, does not.
Hits the gas with a simpler story about friendship, bolder visuals, good natured humor, and wall to wall action.
Formally, everything's in order-it's an attractive film with some ingenious action sequences-but the problems overwhelm the pleasures, leading to the conclusion that this film's trouble is under the hood.
The rare sequel that improves on its predecessor, this lightning-paced caper-comedy shifts the franchise into high gear with international intrigue, spy-movie spoofery and more automotive puns than you can shake a stickshift at.
Lightning and Mater mix it up with Formula 1 and spies in yet another Pixar winner.
Base-level entertainment on a familiarly laid racetrack. While unfolding against a sumptuous visual backdrop, Cars 2 doesn't have the same adventurousness of spirit that marks Pixar's best efforts.
Frantic, loud, colorful, "Cars 2" is pure unfiltered stimulation without the thematic weight of the original. What it loses in gentle observations, it more than makes up for in explosions, spy movie conventions, and more explosions.
Cars 2 is not only the weakest Pixar film to date, but it's the first one that can be sadly dismissed as not particularly worth seeing.
Utterly brilliant animation, inventive story telling and thrilling spy movie with heart
A tad too complicated but there's a large bonnet full of surprises, laughs and adventures as brilliant action and chaos explodes onscreen



@highlight

Cars 2 is as visually appealing as any other Pixar production, but all that dazzle can't disguise the rusty storytelling under the hood.