The interaction of two amazing NASA roving robots, named "Spirit" and "Opportunity," with the mysterious terrain of Mars is authentically captured by writer/director George Butler on IMAX cameras.
...has been designed to appeal primarily to viewers with an inherent interest in all things outer space...
Despite audiences knowing the happy ending from the get-go, [director] Butler manages to inject considerable drama.
Originally made for IMAX screens, George Butler's Roving Mars is a visual marvel %u2013 even if it boils down to a piece of corporate propaganda.
Standard IMAX docu fare: a few talking heads, some lush narration, and a whole heap of impressive visuals.
The actual images from the barren surface of our solar neighbor don't fill the giant screen.
It's shot through with edge-of-your-seat excitement.
One of the most educational and entertaining large-format movies ever.
Not having a way to capture images of the machines at work means that too much of Butler's film ... is disappointingly made up of computer simulations.
Capably accomplishes its mission to Mars by blending solid science with sci-fi eye candy.
The first third of the film is weak, but from there it blasts off with strength and connects emotionally, visually, intellectually and even motivationally with the audience.
Too small for the giant Imax screen, Roving Mars is an interesting enough documentary about space exploration but doesn't deliver sufficient gee-whizzery.
Considering what it promises compared to what it actually delivers (especially when you factor in the inflated IMAX prices), even the most indulgent fan of space exploration is likely to walk away from Roving Mars feeling slightly ripped-off.
It's harder still not to root for anthropomorphized Spirit and Opportunity as time and again they perform like whirring, beeping little robots-that-could, far exceeding the expectations of the people who designed and built them.
Only a series of pics featuring a set of strange little nodes that look like blueberries planted in a pile of red rocks carry any kind of translatable otherworldly kick.
Probably isn't as enthralling as its makers hoped, but interesting enough to make for good, informative family entertainment.
That's about what it plays like: a gigantic commerical for more space travel, from a contractor who stands to benefit financially if we go, and a government agency whose budget is threatened.
There aren't enough pyrotechnics in the paltry 40-minute run time to justify the ticket price.
A splendidly photographed IMAX 2-D film.
Awe-inspiring and informative, but it's also entertaining and could trigger the desire for space exploration in a few future scientists-to-be.
If this is the real Mars, we'll stick with the more vivid depiction of the planet from Total Recall, thank you very much.
While it does present a series of stirring images of the Red Planet, far too much of the film's already brief (40-minute) running time is consumed by shots of anxious-looking scientists and engineers peering intently at their computer monitors.
[P]retty much a big, beautiful ad for NASA and the Jet Propulsion Laboratory, and so what?
... a heartfelt tribute to a couple of robots.
The movie is more compelling than exciting with one exception: the kind of rocket blast-off sequence for which IMAX screens were seemingly invented.
Placing this 45-minute commercial for the space program on overpriced IMAX screens isn't doing so much a public service as, well, business as usual.
Read no more if you want to grow up to be an astronaut; here are 40 minutes of nonstop robots, spaceships and bright-eyed NASA geeks enthusing about tangles of circuitry and nifty hydraulics.
Manages to present scientific inquiry as an emotional journey, during which two exquisitely designed machines go from being gears and hinges to the embodiment of our best hopes and dreams.
[Butler] caught the tense moments at NASA as scientists waited to see whether the robots would land safely. And he got amazing pictures from them of the red surface of Mars pocked with what may be dried-up lake basins and riverbeds.
Unlike most IMAX films, which have a stately, almost static feeling, this movie has moments as immediate and involving as a feature film.
As informative as it is cool to look at, this Imax documentary combines science with special effects that would be the envy of any sci-fi film.
The sad thing is, even for NASA/space fans, a snooze isn't out of the question despite the film's scant 40-minute running time.
If the mission of Roving Mars is to get us jazzed again about outer space, it's mission: accomplished.
Why shouldn't the movie be gung-ho about it all? Those plucky little robots, Spirit and Opportunity, have been up there for almost two years now, and they're still sending back dazzling pictures and illuminating data.
Based on actual photos the rovers continue to buzz back to planet Earth, the CGI landscapes are impressive but the camera maneuvers are ungodly.



@highlight

Roving Mars is a decent thrill ride even when it starts feeling like a commercial plug for NASA's failing space program.