With Salvo, the first-time Italian writer-directors Fabio Grassadonia and Antonio Piazza have created a Mafia thriller that takes a surprising turn from business into salvation and miracle.
Very stylish Sicilian mafia movie. One part Antonioni and one part Calvin Klein commercial.
A soulful romance, an existential action flick and something of a miracle movie - the appealing slow-burner "Salvo" hovers at the crossroads of genre.
Viewers looking for a shoot-em-up will be disappointed, but those hankering for an old-school Italian broodfest will find plenty to soak in.
In the end, it's Salvo itself that's murky and obscure.
It's not the tale, but the telling of it, that distinguishes this Sicilian drama.
This inventiveness extends to the way the directors frame violence.
Salvo is a strange, involving, if flawed movie about the Sicilian mafia; a stylised drama with elements of the supernatural and the sentimental amid the tension.
Set during a Palermo heatwave, the film opens with a truly scorching action scene... The drama that subsequently unfolds, however, substitutes slow-burning tension for shock.
Exquisitely crafted if somewhat academic - an "ambient thriller", if there's such a thing.
Salvo is nicely put together, and told for the most part without recourse to words. But under the Sicilian swagger, there's not much substance or character to cling to.
You might argue that an exercise in style over substance is just what we need for a study of the fashion industry.
It feels like a very challenging exercise carried off with much style but little real flair (the two things are not quite the same).
A stylish, beautiful ode to all that is glorious about Italian melodrama.
A handful of superb action sequences stand-out in this otherwise formulaic tale of an angular Sicilian mafioso.
Salvo is the cinematic equivalent of using a really big font to cover up the fact that your college dissertation is 50 words long.
Hits the heights in its first forty minutes ... Later developments prove disappointingly predictable.
An exercise in muddy, moody subjectivity.
A sparse and languid Italian thriller that carries a debt to Melville.
The filmmakers' very particular sense of lighting and framing, though handsome, often exudes a formality that perpetually stifles the story's sense of spontaneity.
Visually confident with a notably bare sound design of introspective silences, ticking clocks, a solitary barking dog, it's a film sure of its movement, strolling like a lion.
There's lots to love about Salvo.

@highlight

Stylish and inventive, Salvo parcels out the thrills that genre fans seek while anchoring its story with satisfying, slow-building tension.