The movie isn't really saying anything, and is just cruising on the fumes left over from our associations with a classic.
The direction is uninspired, the script lacks a subtext, the two lead actors are appallingly anemic, and even the vaunted chariot race disappoints.
Ben-Hur isn't the worst film of the year, but from a technical standpoint it certainly looks it.
Morgan Freeman's character - a shrewd but honest merchant who cannot resist a good bet - is sagely wise enough, and he carries it off with effortless ease. All in all, justice has been done to this tale of epic scale.
The new film is like a cheap Chinese clone. Its slick to look at, but once you experience it first hand; you realize it is in essence a cheap knock-off.
Ben-Hur is dreadful to look at, so murky and dark at times, that it's difficult to know whether to blame the weather, a duff conversion to 3D or Oliver Wood's original cinematography.
Without the romantic subtext, Ben-Hur is left with a rather ugly moral about destroying your enemies at all costs and only forgiving them once you've ruined their lives.
Very rarely does it try to impress us, or overwhelm us, shock us, move us.
For those of us who know the 1959 version well, no comparison is useful. Put it completely out of your mind. See it fresh and through the eyes of teens and young adults.
While it isn't a total disaster, the new Ben-Hur is unnecessary; the original still works as well as it did more than 50 years ago. This is nothing more than an action movie made for the new generations, which works for a while. [Full review in Spanish]
Just as Bekmambetov can't wrangle the story into a palatable feature, neither can his largely under-used actors.
The build-up is so under-nourished, you wind up caring more about the horses than the characters.
Rankly incompetent.
Sprightly entertaining, certainly comes as something of a relief after the plodding pretension of Exodus and Noah.
The big budget, costume epic might be due for a comeback, but this anemic and unimaginative exercise isn't going to do it.
What you get here is a movie where you can always tell who the wealthy family is because they're the ones whose hair always looks well-shampooed and treated with conditioner.
Somehow, Ben-Hur 2016 feels longer and duller than its predecessor.
Not even the famous chariot race set my pulse racing.
Not quite the chariot crash I was secretly hoping for. The dialogue is dull rather than cheesy, the acting is disappointingly proficient and the 3D CGI effects are actually rather good.
What's wrong with the new Ben-Hur? How long have you got? This is a textbook case, step by agonising step, of how not to make a big-budget blockbuster.
The cold digital look of 2016's version immediately looses the film points for cinematic quality and though Jack Huston was engaging at times as Ben Hur, he spent the second half of the film with a hoarse Batman type of voice.
Most of the film's shortcomings stem from the awkward combo of modern-day grotesquerie and fluffy romantic exoticism.
Ben-Hur isn't good. It could have been. Conceivably.
The latest Ben-Hur remake plods along, which is odd since it is is at least an hour-and-a-half shorter than the very long 1959 version.
Unfortunately, thinly-sketched characters and shaky cinematography undermine director Timur Bekmambetov's attempts to bring the ambitious script to life.
This is an unevenly assembled would-be epic that does not really do enough to justify a new take on this story.
We'd love to blame wretched millennials for sinking Timur Bekmambetov's ship but the fact is this Ben Hur is sorely lacking.
A thuddingly dull-witted remake of a biblical epic that wasn't exactly subtle to begin with.
Fitfully entertaining but also curiously old fashioned, this is a film that only really sparks into life when the crowds are baying for blood and the chariots are in action. Apart from that, it seems like The Life Of Brian without the jokes.
Why bother?
Ben-Hur, the remake of the remake, is an epic misfire starring no one you've ever heard of apart from, inevitably, Morgan Freeman.
It's not great. It's not terrible. It is bland manufactured entertainment product. It's fine. Hollywood is not creatively bankrupt. Everything is fine.
The 1959 film was an overlong affair, too, but it endures as one of the greatest of all sword-and-sandals epics. This version will endure for only as long as it takes the accountants to work out the losses.
This plodding, workmanlike version of the story often leaves you wondering why they bothered.
While there is nothing particularly awful about this remake of the 1959 ancient-world classic, the brash, breakneck style - obviously geared towards a young, modern audience - renders it less epic.
Rushed pretty much sums the film up. The drastically reduced running time contributes to a ruinous mishandling of character arcs, Huston's titular hero forced to change hats far too quickly.
While Ben-Hur presents itself as a Bible-epic spectacular, it instead succeeds as an intimate depiction of forgiveness gained through the rigours of faith.
Epic fail.
Call it wholemeal bread and circuses - an odd diet of sincerity and spectacle that nonetheless hits some kind of spot.
The film relies too much on special effects, there's good moments in it but is far from being as great as the 1959's classic. [Full review in Spanish]
It's Ben-Hur for sure, but no real improvement on what's gone before; save Morgan Freeman's amazing dreadlocks.
This Ben-Hur remake probably would be a hit as a road trip movie but not on movie theaters. [Full review in Spanish]
Jack Huston's Judah also feels strangely diminished when judged alongside Charlton Heston's chiselled machismo in the same role.
Anyone wanting to experience the "bigness" of Ben-Hur would be advised to check out the 1959 or even the 1925 versions of the story -- both are vastly superior to this lamentable effort.
It's not the horrible mess I thought it would be but it's not enough to redeem itself and be more than deficient. [Full review in Spanish]
Nothing but a technical exercise in complete pointlessness. I've seen far worse films, but I haven't seen a film that deserved to fail quite as badly as this in years.
The story is shredded to the bare bones, then the bones picked clean of drama and common sense. Even the chariot race is ho-hum.
The changes in the script don't bring anything new to the table, besides of insisting on religion and politics. [Full review in Spanish]
The brief scenes with a handsome woodworker, aka Jesus Christ (Rodrigo Santoro), are staggeringly banal, reductive in both religious and cinematic faith.
Not a good film but for a remake with special effects, also being one of the biggest and most amazing productions, is pretty decent. [Full review in Spanish]
This Ben-Hur remake would never be as good as the classic or any other Hollywood peplum film. [Full review in Spanish]
works well enough, but mostly in workman-like fashion that never becomes truly rousing
If you must, it should be seen on the big screen for that chariot race. Otherwise this limp simulacrum of epic filmmaking should be eschewed in favor of that silent version. Trust me.
Despite its best intentions, it's hard to imagine this film leaving a huge impact on audiences.
Why remake a classic?
Although the movie is handsomely mounted, its hand-held camerawork and ground-view of events shrinks the stature of its characters.
That Huston is no Heston makes this a movie with an empty centre where a heroic figure should be.
Though it seems unlikely to dislodge William Wyler's 1959 version, its story of a Judean prince (Jack Huston) who keeps running into Jesus of Nazareth (Rodrigo Santoro) offers plenty of action and spectacle.
I've got to give credit to this new version for being entertaining in parts, even though it still can't justify its own existence.
A terrible film that is closer to be a sermon than a good movie. [Full review in Spanish]
It ends up being harmless and with the same moral values as a Hallmark Channel production. [Full review in Spanish]
Like so many remakes, this one never answers the basic question of why this story was worth retelling in the first place.
Ben-Hur is been there, done that mediocrity.
If unlikely to leave the same cultural sandal-print, it is surely the fastest and most furious.
You'll have to sit through 100 minutes of turgid New Testament soap opera to get to the good stuff.
While the family drama feels a little stilted, Bekmambetov does a good job contrasting the sumptuousness of life in Jerusalem with the dank and drab hell that is the confines of a galley slave.
Like the characters and religious, generally humane theme that encompasses it, Ben-Hur, though flawed, is a redeemable film.
It won't take its place among the most iconic films of all time, certainly, but it is worth seeing.
The result is a remake with no guiding principle beyond mere existence.
With no disrespect to the publisher, this remake of Ben-Hur is like a Reader's Digest version, stripped down to its plot points and made with a combination of spectacle and old fashioned Christian schmaltz
A complete snore-fest...
An amateurish effort that boasts direct-to-video characteristics, the latest version disappoints in almost every production aspect.
Something soulless and empty, with all the mystery and grandeur of the tale just gone.
The filmmakers of this stagnant remake display all the technical tools needed to achieve greatness, but they lack that most basic of functions: a reason why this story needs to be retold.
Even as a political parable this Ben-Hur is gutless.
What's frustrating is that there are so many good things about this "Ben-Hur" that it's hard to understand why so much of it is laid to waste by a mountain of cheesy effects and clunky, leaden dialogue.
The last of the summer's movie epics is a digitalized eyesore hobbled in every department by staggering incompetence.
The decision to film the major set-pieces in extreme close-up was ill-advised, and these murky and incoherent bits are further crippled by obvious CGI as well as rapid-fire editing that recalls those Ginsu blades in action on late-night infomercials.
I could find nothing appealing in this tedious remake of the silent 1925 and the colorful 1959 biblical epics.
The prior film makes this inferior effort - which lacks subtlety, emotional pull, and basic character development - seem rather pointless.
The resolution comes a little quickly and tidily, but otherwise Ben-Hur is an efficient, action-packed remake for a contemporary audience.
The message is imparted with the subtlety of a Kanye West tweet.
It would've been an exceptional remake if had a better narrative. [Full review in Spanish]
This new and entertaining adaptation of Lewis Wallace's novel it's full of action. [Full review in Spanish]
This new version of Ben-Hur is consistently at war with itself.
Just because you're rolling in the chariot doesn't make you Charlton Heston. That's a lesson this weightless, instantly disposable remake of the 1959 sword-and-sandal Oscar winner learns the hard way.
There is a timely message of tolerance and forgiveness, but Ben-Hur is a poorly-constructed historical epic that fails to leave an impact.
So this is what a $100 million B-movie looks like.
It's impossible to top William Wyler's 1959 cinematic spectacle and this fact is proven once again.
If you want to know why this new Ben-Hur is dead on arrival here's the answer in a nutshell: Hollywood no longer knows how to do period epics.
Two stunning scenes and two boring actors without charisma. They neutered their characters. Messala ruined the Ben-Hur family simply out of necessity - he was just doing his job.
Ben-Hur plays out, far from a modern day classic, but as spirited summer fare for an entertaining afternoon at the movies....
Ben-Hur has clearly been designed and marketed to feed the appetite for projects with a spiritual foundation. Beyond the merits of that concept, though, there's precious little to celebrate creatively speaking.
At least it's not 3 1/2 hours long, thank God.
This new BEN-HUR can't even begin to compete with the spectacle of the previous versions.
A general rule of thumb has emerged: Movies in 3-D almost always feature dimensionless people. Ben-Hur is a striking example of this rule.
New take on classic tale has intense action, few surprises.
When you add up all these parts, Ben-Hur fails to answer the question everyone will take to the theater: Why?
Ben-Hur lacks the grandeur, the majesty of the 1959 epic. It's still a gripping story with a chariot race that lives up to the expectations.
If you've been wondering whether a chariot race can still thrill, the answer is yes.
2016's Ben-Hur is neither as epic or spectacular as the 1959 film, although the chariot race is nearly worth the price of a ticket. But, the keyword here is 'nearly'.
This is a Ben-Hur of and for its time, but also a little better than its time, it turns out.
[A] bargain-basement treatment...the more intimate scenes are marked by risible dialogue, mediocre acting, inept staging and herky-jerky hand-held camerawork and the big action sequences ruined by frenetic editing and a reliance on slipshod CGI effects.
The highlight of this faith-based Ben-Hur remake is the updated chariot chase, but those 3D thrills don't make up for the rest of the film's unnecessariness.
The original runs 3 1/2 hours. This one is two. It's a Cliffs Notes version of one of the best movie stories ever. This one has no heart. A better title is Ben-Hurried.
Considering the track record of the star and director, at least I can say there are no vampires or zombies introduced into this technically updated adaptation. (Full Content Review for Parents - Violence, Blood, etc. - also Available)
Ben-Hur's epic sea encounter - told from within the confines of a prisoner's floating cell - is the most startlingly original and nerve-shattering action sequence of the year.
This is the remake your grandparents are very very angry about.
Damn fine chariot race, though.
'Ben-Hur' looks less like a true movie spectacle, and more like the lackluster 'Christian produced' message movies released over the past decade. Like them, the acting, dialogue, cinematography and score are pedestrian at best.
They put Morgan Freeman in a Bob Marley wig didn't they? They did. The put Morgan Freeman in a Bob Marley wig.
Its few good ideas inevitably collapse, leaving a remake that can really only justify its existence with the truth that chariot races look great in CGI and Morgan Freeman looks great in dreads.
Dominated by CGI effects, it's a soap opera better fit for basic cable.
While the climactic chariot race comes close to delivering the same level of hoof-pounding thrills that helped make William Wyler's 1959 version an Oscar-sweeping classic, this sappy retread makes audiences endure a lot of mediocrity to get there.
It can't always escape the shadow of its namesake, but when this Ben-Hur comes into its own, it does so with a thrilling fire-and-brimstone ferocity.
I went into Ben-Hur thinking we didn't need another interpretation of this story, but I left satisfied by the new one that we received.
By today's standards, it's an example of restraint.
Huston is always engaged and engaging and the movie is true to the story that has endured in its various versions for more than a century.
Ben-Hur is an adequate introduction to the classic tale of revenge and forgiveness, but it's an uneven one.
It's all a functional buildup to the chariot race, which is where Bekmambetov gets in close to the action. The trade-off is a less majestic scope for a more visceral thrill; not an improvement, but not a cheap imitation either.
It's competently made, with adequate sets, costumes, and performances, but it lacks the thrills, heart, and inspiration to capture the imagination.
Timur Bekmambetov has apparently never met a shot that he didn't want to cut down to two seconds or less.
It needed a star like the Russell Crowe of "Gladiator" to provide dramatic heft. What is "Ben-Hur" without a platform of moral grandeur? Not much.
Passable for the most part, but laughably inept in places, Ben-Hur 2016 relies on its overly CG action to pull it through. But in the end it can only stagger, bruised and bloodied, across the finish line.
A film that's got two strong lead performances, a terrific first act, an exciting chariot race, and a message of forgiveness.
Writers Keith R. Clarke and John Ridley strip down Lew Wallace's 1880 novel even further than the Oscar-winning 1959 epic, but the result still feels bloated and ponderous.
This plodding remake never gives a valid reason for its own existence.
What it lacks most of all is a convincing reason to exist.
This feels like someone trying to cover all the bullet points in a Ben-Hur plot outline without taking particular joy in any. Why bother?
Did we need another Ben-Hur remake? Probably not. [Full review in Spanish]
This could be a story worth telling again, but it's difficult to determine from the movie at hand.
There are so few surprises that, frankly, a few vampires would have been a welcome touch.
Give me... Ben-Hur -- with its pulsating battles and chariot races, its proclamation that mercy and sacrifice are more revolutionary than anything you can cook up with swords or chariots -- over any of this summer's exhausting superhero movies.
A film that fails to deliver pretty much all the way down the line.
On paper, and sometimes even on-screen, there's some promise and potential in this remake ... An intractable problem is that the Jesus scenes are among the film's weakest moments.
piecemeal preaching and scattered spectacle
The latest adds the miracle of 3D, but that's not enough to top its illustrious, 11-Oscar predecessor. In the box office chariot race, this one finishes second.
Ben-Hur is far from the worst movie of the year. It probably won't even be the worst movie of the month. It's just one of the least necessary.
Let's cut to the chariot chase. The latest screen version of Ben-Hur would be little more than a condensed miniseries without it, framed for small television screens, with performances to fit.
The new Ben-Hur doesn't eclipse its predecessor and so it may lose in this cinematic chariot race. But it doesn't crash and burn either, and that in itself is something of a miracle.
Ben-Hur struggles to find an identity and never really gets there. The well-intentioned efforts to achieve moving, faith-based awakenings are undercut by the casually violent, PG-13 action sequences.
Shows signs of great intentions but never achieves any exceptional moments.
Jack Huston is impressive as Judah Ben-Hur. He brings a natural air of noblesse oblige to the role, not to mention the emotional nuance that Mr. Heston could never seem to muster.
Paramount's remake of Ben-Hur stands on its own as a decent film. Timur Bekmambetov delivers a solidly entertaining, well-shot, biblical epic. Charlton Heston is not spinning in his grave.
It holds back nothing, strikes out often, then wins the big game. It won't earn 11 Academy Awards, as the original did in 1960, but while it opens bad, it becomes indifferent and finishes good.
This new "Ben-Hur" could just as easily have been called "Been There, Done That."
Bekmambetov's visual attack and brand of action make me urp. But he's a sincere merry hack.
Suffers from both a curiously passive central character and the faith-based dramatic flattening that seems to be a hallmark of producers Mark Burnett and Roma Downey ... The plot still has enough juice to work, but only just.
Inspirational return to the novel's religious roots, aimed at a Christian faith-based audience.
The sort of elemental re-imagining of the source material that no one in their right mind would ever expect it to be.
What we have here is a B-grade rendering of the oft-filmed classic.
It ... stands as one of the season's better studio releases.
This unadventurous reboot can only highlight how recent epics like Ridley Scott's 'Gladiator' have already plundered the William Wyler film of its richest assets.
A rousing, thrilling, and exhilarating epic in spite of the lethargic, stilted drama during its first hour. Morgan Freeman shows up as Ilderim to rescue both Ben-Hur and the film as well.
I'm with Hur - just NOT this version.
Ben-Hur director Timur Bekmambetov offers nothing new to the cinematic lexicon of the chariot race.
Huston and Kebbell are complete blanks as Judah and Messala, exposing Bekmambetov's directorial impotency from the start.
This exciting but admittedly flawed remake brings the timeless story back to life for a new generation to appreciate.
A truncated, plodding drama with minimal excitement and nothing worthwhile to say.
In the age of the Hunger Games and ever-present CGI, massive scale just doesn't have the impact it once did.
To pull that off in an affecting way requires more than the dramatic ploy of Jesus popping up to offer teachings about peace and co-existence. It demands characters with substantial depth and performances that inspire the audience's investment.
Ben-Hur is made with enough conviction and thoughtfulness that its messiness, its grandstanding, its occasional bouts of clumsiness can't crack its admirably sturdy foundation.
The newest version of Lew Wallace's epic gets the gist of the story but has no idea how to explain it to anyone else.
Great acting, cinematography, Thrilling, Enticing, Passionate and Not-to-Miss
Once the gold standard for Biblical epics, Ben-Hur looks a little cheap and tawdry in its latest screen outing.
What has the passing of almost six decades given us? A fresh take on Ben-Hur that is more noble, dweeby, and neutered than a Sunday school in South Dakota.
An epic tale of revenge and forgiveness with a junk-food center, this remake offers robust spectacle and some decent performances. But the director of "Wanted" proves not the ideal filmmaker to capture this story's more nuanced emotional range.
In its richer moments, it may not reach the level of I, Claudius, but it's at least within a javelin's throw of HBO's Rome.
The big centerpiece - that super-duper-mega-chariot race - is only disappointing in the sense it's almost the same as the famous one. (Adding GoPro insert shots doesn't constitute an improvement.)
Not only does this new version not stand out from the others, it can't stand on its own.
Even in this fertile age for popular Christian-themed multiplex fare, it's unlikely to supplant film buffs' memories of the epic 1925 and 1959 versions, nor to create any new converts to its loud, blocky, ADD-minded fusion of pulp and pulpit.
The good news is that the story of Ben-Hur is so rock solid that not even the director of Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter can screw it up completely.
What were they thinking?
"Ben-Hur" is an oddly lackluster affair: sludgy and plodding, photographed in nondescript medium close-up, an epic that feels like a mini-series served up in bits and pieces.
If you want a fun, action-fuelled movie Ben-Hur is just for you, but when comparing to its epic, historical counter-part (which is rather hard to avoid doing), then it regrettably leaves a lot to be desired.
The new "Ben-Hur" is impressive but not epic. The memory of Charlton Heston in that chariot race still remains
A very entertaining variation on the original that's well-worth the investment.

@highlight

How do you fight an idea? By filming a remake that has too few of its own, and tries to cover it up with choppy editing and CGI.