It's another kinda, sorta based on a true story, inspirational sports film in the vein of any given Bruckheimer sports film.
Maybe because it focused on swimming, and didn't really capture the drama of the sport, it came off like a TV movie. It even borrowed from Dead Poets Society with an 'Oh Captain, My Captain' moment.
Feel-good swimming flick takes on racism.
Howard anchors the film with a charismatic turn. He doesn't turn Ellis into a plaster saint but portrays a complex and complicated man.
A movie that deserves to succeed, but falls just short because it shows us much more than it teaches us.
...undone by its reliance on exceedingly conventional elements.
Despite its shortcomings, Pride proves to be an effective feel-good sports drama.
Directed by Zimbabwean-born Sunu Gonera, who seems fascinated with 1970s American 'ghetto' atmosphere; he overdoses viewers on afros, hoop earrings and graffiti, which at least keeps the movie watchable.
The plot plays out as predictably as anyone might expect, but the fine details keep Pride squarely above average.
Bodies are framed and lit to be seen. In a movie where characters appear in dimly lit interiors or near light-reflecting chlorine-blue pools, this is no small thing.
While Terrence Howard is subdued in the role of Coach Ellis throughout much of the film, Bernie Mac provides a much needed lift especially early on.
This is an inspirational movie that really touches the heart.
Pride's story was etched in stone ages ago by mysterious movie powers beyond our understanding, and all the Staples Singers' songs in the world won't keep it from its appointed rounds.
By painting in such broad strokes and playing up race-baiting that Ellis says he didn't experience, are they not couching the movie as somehow uniquely "black"?
I have seen Pride now too many times without actually seeing it.
Swimming isn't exactly the most cinematic of sports and unfortunately the script gets waterlogged well before the big finale.
Director Sunu Gonera does a nice job with the swim meet scenes, and the cast of mostly unknown younger actors is extremely likable.
Been there done that.
Well-intentioned, at best, regrettably, this fairly formulaic, Philly sports flick doesn't show enough brotherly love for anyone to be proud of it.
Sure it's predictable, but its virtues include its originality of theme (how often do we see films of African-American swim teens?) and a sharp performance by Terrence Howard
This surprisingly entertaining movie defies its formulaic plot and delivers a well-executed tale of team spirit.
I couldn't help thinking a documentary about the man would be so much more interesting than a watered-down, by-the-numbers dramatization.
It flounders in the shallow end for a really long time... by the time the story had a chance to move me, I was just ready to get out of the pool.
Howard and Mac play well off each other, the kids are fine and the film makes the points it wants to make. The only thing more you can ask is that it not be a paint-by-numbers approach, as this is.
Not so much formulaic as elemental, this campy, would-be-inspirational jock weepy scrapes the barrel for life-lesson-imparting sports to exploit.
Overall, it was a good family movie that shows us once again how important it is to respect all human beings regardless of race and to believe that anything is possible.
The real Jim Ellis surely did a wonderful thing for his community, but the most striking thing about seeing him in the end credits is that he's not nearly as fabulously handsome as Terrence Howard.
Pride is a fairly predictable entry in the highly predictable inspirational sports drama genre. But the movie is saved by the earnest, believable performance of Terrence Howard and by Bernie Mac in a more serious role than usual.
Surely there are better, more original ways of telling such important stories.
It really has nothing to be proud of but a central performance much better than the movie itself deserves. It's time for Terrence Howard to appear in a movie that rises to his level.
Terrence Howard's unforced charisma did a lot for Crash and Hustle & Flow, and he's the chief reason Pride is worth catching.
That Pride ultimately gets to you is more of a surprise than the outcome because it's not very well-constructed.
Not even Howard's genuine appeal, or his can-do kids, can keep Pride out of the shallow end of the pool.
Its worst feature, unfortunately, is the sports angle, which is mishandled by director Sunu Gonera and the film's four screenwriters.
Despite the stale odor of the broth, lack of originality isn't Pride's stumbling point -- it's that the familiar story is not well presented.
Pride is a watchable if overly superficial film that nonetheless builds to a genuinely stirring conclusion.
with such a stubborn and unbending black-versus-white attitude, it comes across as racist as the lily white swim team that serves as the villains
A generic against-the-odds underdog sports drama.
In the end, we're left in Pride with what the actors can bring to it, and it bobs along on the buoyancy of charm and dignity that Howard brings to the role of Coach Ellis.
It is a testament to the robotic constraints of Pride that even Terrence Howard sinks in the service of formula.
The dialogue and plot may be cliché, but Howard's slow-burn portrayal redeems the weak writing.
Howard's character declares that "the world isn't black and white." The world, no, but the movie, yes.
There is not a single moment in Sunu Gonera's Pride that you haven't already seen, or that you can't predict.
Pride does its subject matter proud.
First-time director Sunu Gonera and cinematographer Matthew F. Leonetti's strong visuals save this otherwise formulaic undertaking from being interchangeable inspirational film.
Pride wades into the shallows when it ought to be diving into the deep end. In waters this familiar, everyone knows how to swim.
Terrence Howard nearly saves the latest widget from the inspirational sports movie mill, a movie heavy on cliches and light on truth.
Clearly, the real Jim Ellis pulled off a miracle. Too bad, then, that this film about him feels phony, full of clichés and bristling with subplots that smack of Hollywood storytelling rather than real-world situations.
Too bad Pride isn't as good as its lead.
There's no excuse for Pride's mediocrity -- not with this story, not with this cast.
The trouble with Pride is that it sticks so close to the sports-movie playbook that it never comes alive.
It's more of a public service announcement than a movie. As such, it may do some good. But imagine what a truly great film with the same social conscience might accomplish.
Competitive swimming has certainly not been overdone in sports movies, and the less-than-compelling Pride might offer the reason why.
Pride completely wastes the talents of Terrence Howard.
This kind of story always manages to generate a bit of juice, and both Howard and Bernie Mac do their best to add character to the proceedings.
Pride has a sly, sexy way of overcoming inherent filmmaking clichés and winning over its audience.
Pride is a lovingly-presented homage to the heroism of Jim Ellis' life and his life's work.
Pride is bland and predictable.
While it's neither as socially urgent as Freedom Writers nor as danceable and soapy as Stomp the Yard, it's better acted and tougher to resist.
Terrence Howard is a rare and phenomenally gifted actor with the ability to dip into a seemingly endless well of raw emotion.
Thankfully the movie is able to overcome this familiarity by being monstrously entertaining, Howard giving the picture a stirring central figure galvanizing a person's attention and energizing their interest.
"Pride" is just another in a long list of true-life inspirational sports movies that offers absolutely nothing new, borrowing every maudlin cliché from "Brain's Song" to "Remember the Titans."
...fine performances from Howard and Mac, as well as Kimberly Elise as a dubious councilwoman they gradually win over, save the day.
I've come to realize that while I enter every sports movie with a great amount of disdain, I always come out feeling inspired. So it's time I grudgingly admit that I'm a sucker for this genre.
What Gonera does well is to invest the film and its characters with Ellis' bywords--pride, determination and resilience.
[T]here's not a single thing original or surprising here, except how sincerely touching Pride ends up being anyway.
When sinewy young idealists glide through water to the tune of 'I'll Take You There,' the heart still leaps.
If anything stands out in this relatively routine take on an old sports standby, it's Terrence Howard.
First-time director Sunu Gonera and his battalion of screenwriters have a beginner's flair for ruining nice moments with sickly-sweet excess.
Maybe this really happened, but Gonera lacks the skill to make it seem real within the context of a fictional movie.
Terrence Howard makes every one around him in every scene a little bit better (even Tom Arnold!).
It's a testament to the performers that they can extract some fluid of suspense out of the rampant cliches spread out picnic-style in the final 20 minutes, and to Gonera's good fortune that he lucked into Terrence Howard.
An inspirational tale of a real-life underdog triumph hacked down into the familiar shape of a rousing Hollywood feel-good film...
Grab a real-life sports hero, whip up a few pointless catchphrases, and who cares if the rest is remotely good?
Pride has heart but not the soul it needs to be different.
Despite Mr. Howard's best efforts in the role, the film rarely realizes its subject's potential.
Howard hustles and flows and keeps the flick afloat, despite the heavy undertow of total predictability.
Howard is a commanding presence as usual, and glaring Bernie Mac acquits himself admirably in the die-cut role of the eccentric assistant coach.
The heart of the film is the maturing of the swimmers, and there the movie never falters.
Manipulative rather than inspirational and hackneyed rather than original.
Pride is a fairly good example of the genre.
Pride has Hollywood formula practically stitched to its Speedo. But the characters and the actors who play them are so captivating, we're too entertained and charmed to notice.
All sports movies talk the winning-isn't-everything talk, but Pride walks the walk.
Pride is so unapologetically earnest in its inspirational values, you either want to love it or kill it.
It's a feel-good movie whose warmth lasts only as long as we're in the pool.
Pride is a generic title for a generic movie.
Out of a foamy sea of inspirational-sports-film cliches, Terrence Howard pulls Pride to safety.
Somewhere around the corner from the school where Antonio Banderas is teaching tough kids to mambo and the school where Hilary Swank is teaching tough kids to love literature, Terrence Howard is teaching tough kids to swim.
File this one under 'Same old thing.'
The fact that Pride -- a tried-and-true formulaic sports cliché "inspired" by a true story -- is almost decent is a real testament to the acting prowess of Mr. Terrence Howard.
There's absolutely nothing new here, but though Howard can't make this swimming tale seem fresh, he does make it feel slightly less mildewy.
Even Bernie Mac ... squeezes out a tear or two. It's as if the entire cast dunked their heads in the pool between takes.
Pride rises with its feel-good message, soul classics of the 70s on the soundtrack, and Bernie Mac's comic relief. The film isn't a champion, but it makes you feel like one.
Rocky Balboa and Daniel-san steered away from the sport for good reason.
Pride doesn't have much surprise, but it's a formula picture of genuine feeling, with Terrence Howard proving once again that he wouldn't know how to keep it less than real.
[The film] has enough buoyancy to remain afloat, though without the vigor of Terrence Howard and the charm of Bernie Mac, it likely would sink in its own sea of clichés.
The feature debut from South African director Sunu Gonera is straight from the sports-film playbook, the one in which an underdog team coached by an obstinate overachiever overcomes obstacles and adversity to take home the gold.
Pic has built up enough goodwill to keep auds stoked to the end.
Yes, Terrence Howard delivers another solid lead performance and competition swimming is a new arena for such films. Nonetheless, Pride is just plain trite.
This is familiar terrain jazzed up by unfamiliar voices.
"Pride" mitigates and collapses its subject into a pop mentality afraid of the trouble it aspires to disclose. It is at once a cowardly and cynical movie.
Terrence Howard's performance doesn't come close to counteracting the triteness of Pride.
Terrence Howard is charistmatic as real-life coach Jim Ellis, but this inspirational tale, like most sagas of its kind, comes across as predictable and formulaic, and the fact that swimming is not a particularly dramatic or visual sports is a minus too.
Terrence Howard dives into the role of real life swimming teacher Jim Ellis and completely owns the role.





@highlight

Pride features a typically stellar performance from Terrence Howard, but ultimately falls victim to its over usage of sports movie clichés.