An inspirational drama that, unlike most faith-based endeavors, at least looks like a real movie rather than something even Ed Wood would have rejected.
Solid if unapologetically by-the-numbers, this story of perseverance and forgiveness should resonate beyond its targeted Christian audience.
With excellent performances from [Dennis] Quaid and [J. Michael Finley] Finley the result is decent. [Full Review in Spanish]
I Can Only Imagine is a timely release for this Easter, delicately balancing the need to bring out the importance of forgiveness without being too evangelical.
Though it will never be championed as an insightful work of either religious art or patriarchal psychology, I Can Only Imagine does manage to be a good film about a great song.
It shattered expectations with $17.1 million opening weekend nation wide, is Roadside Attractions highest theatrical debut with #1 Per-Screen Average (More than $3K above Black Panther, has a lot going for it.
As entertaining as it is uplifting. Actor J. Michael Finley makes a winning debut .
Over the last few years, the quality of faith-based movies has continued to improve. And here's another good one. I Can Only Imagine...is watchable and uplifting.
Art can be affirmation, but affirmation cannot be art.
You don't have to be a hardcore Christian music fan to enjoy I Can Only Imagine, but it definitely helps.
This moving faith-based musical biopic of the smash song hits all the right notes.
Works best for fans of the song or of Christian music in general, but it has enough relatable, not-too-cheesy drama for some crossover appeal.
The emotional impact of this film is powerful thanks to its central theme of redemption, plus strong performances by J MIchael Finley and always reliable actor Dennis Quaid,
The movie works for the same reason the song does: It lightens the burden of the pain people are shouldering today, and gives them something to look forward to.
A solid offering that's given me faith that a faith-based film can deliver something beyond a sermon. (Full Content Review for Parents - Violence, Parental Abuse, etc. - also Available)
This is an interesting idea, executed with a reductive, tin-eared understanding of what constitutes art to go along with a faith-based movie's reductive, tin-eared understanding of what constitutes entertainment.
Like so many faith-based efforts, I Can Only Imagine suffers from a terminal case of self-importance.
Why is the movie made from a universally healing single such an earnest, awkward dud? Well, partly because the movie can't settle on what's more important, the family stuff or the ascension of the song as a fame-inducing anthem.
Poignant faith-based drama about hit song's inspiration.
Need more proof the faith-based film genre continues to mature? Here you go...
Emotionally flat and uninspiring "inspirational" bio-pic about the hard life that led a composer to write the title Christian ballad.
The real love stories in this movie are between a father and son; a man and his God; and a singer and his song.
But overall, I Can Only Imagine is an indie that does the song and its sentiments proud.
A movie that's unquestionably preaching to the choir as directly as Millard's song sings to it.
I Can Only Imagine is probably the best film of the Christian genre that I have seen so far and certainly the best from brothers Jon and Andrew Erwin (October Baby).

@highlight

I Can Only Imagine 's message will have the most impact among Christian audiences, but overall, its performances and storytelling represent a notable evolution in faith-based cinema.