The result is ultimately a string of events, not a work whose cinematic momentum builds up beyond the hackneyed feel of British period dramas and television shows. There is too much story in Suffragette, told in a direct, rather dull cinematic fashion.
A richly detailed period piece but the struggle it dramatizes - and the very real danger its characters face - is always present. There isn't much time for tea and crumpets when you have mailboxes (not to mention politicians' country houses) to blow up.
The film does gain power as it moves along. Partly because the obvious injustice of women being denied the vote for so long becomes overwhelming and partly because of some very nice acting along the way.
For a movie about the breaking point of the British Suffragette movement that saw marches and demonstrations turn to vandalism and arson, Suffragette is hella boring.
It's a nexus writer Abi Morgan (The Iron Lady) relentlessly implies but never establishes.
The bravery and the radicalism was real. I wish, though, that the film itself was a little braver, a little more visceral.
It's not a new Hollywood approach, but it doesn't make it right. It just perpetuates the idea that white women represent all women. Period.
Suffragette means well, but manages to do just about everything badly. Maybe, if we're very lucky, Ken Burns will get interested in making a mini-series about what women wanted.
There's a tendency, among historical dramas about social movements, to make the topic at hand ... sexy, for lack of a better term. This is blessedly not the case with Suffragette.
Suffragette is a stirring history lesson, wrapped in a very compelling and intimate film that is riveting, educational and thought provoking.
What is the point of the silly, histrionic teatime drama Suffragette? Certainly not to focus on the actual suffering of the suffragettes, who a little more than 100 years ago were sent to prison and force-fed after a string of "terrorist" attacks.
Sure, script is hokey at times, and the film features a shockingly small amount of Meryl Streep considering her billing, but the historical event at its core transcends these finicky notes.
This is much more than a film about women demanding to vote; it's about women's struggle to be heard and taken seriously, most notably in the workplace as well as in their own homes.
Suffragette might not be everyone's cup of tea. But it is a bracing elixir for anyone who thinks human rights are inalienable.
Suffragette is a fantastic resource about a period of history that remains largely unspoken about.
As grey and lifeless as the lethargic pedestrians wandering through the London streets.
Fusing the civil rights picture with British miserablism, Sarah Gavron's grinding Suffragette offers very little room to breathe.
A compelling and propulsive no-holds-barred interpretation, Suffragette does not shy away from accentuating the extreme subversive tactics employed by the bastions of the women's movement in the face of frenzied, brutal opposition.
The movie isn't as dynamic as it could have been, but it gets to the core of what big, important social change means - and how little glory there is in ground work.
Sarah Gavron's film is, amazingly, the first ever to be made about the Suffragettes.
Suffragette barely delves into the inner workings of its political movement, opting instead for an admittedly sympathetic 'everywoman' protagonist.
Surprisingly gentle, considering it is a film about the moment the suffragette movement in the UK turned militant, Suffragette is nevertheless stirring and moving.
This is a beautiful film, not just in its narrative but also in its astounding cinematography and production design.
This is an urgent, persuasive, if cloyingly conventional history lesson with a story that Hollywood's barely touched on before.
Sarah Gavron's focus on one character helps lift the film above slogans and marches, and makes it more personal. But when the fight becomes more of a war we lack the attachment to the movement's biggest losses.
One of its most appreciated accomplishments is its ability to paint the heroic events of a social movement that happened more than a hundred years ago with a modern-day relevance sure to resonate with audiences of today. Sadly, no one will see it.
An overly straightforward plot, ditching any complexity for an awkward simplicity, but thankfully the cast is top-notch and the characters are compelling.
An important film, serious, well crafted and relevant. [Full review in Spanish]
An interesting story, sadly we have too many loose ends at the end. [Full review in Spanish]
An earnest, melodramatic and probably necessary history lesson...
The problem is that it is simply a politically correct film, and could be much more. [Full review in Spanish]
Suffragette is vividly made enough that even if it glosses the full breadth of the suffrage movement, it still introduces viewers to the history of women's activism, and gets them intrigued enough to want to learn more.
Suffragette highlights how much the world has changed for the better over the past century. However, it also highlights there is still much room for improvement.
It's Mulligan's picture all the way though, and once again, she shows the depth and range that makes her one of the leading British actors of her generation.
With a plot and characters based significantly on historical events, Suffragette does succeed in highlighting the (or at least, a) systemic oppression of women through manipulation, humiliation, and violence.
A very conventional and safe film about a very singular and brave event in the postvictorian era. [Full review in Spanish]
The strength of Mulligan's performance saves this work, giving it a backbone without which it would have collapsed.
An astonishingly tedious drama...
Mulligan transmits all the emotions of her character and the audience - especially women - achieve to connect with her. [Full Review in Spanish]
A maximum of four minutes on screen by Meryl Streep, give the story an even more special meaning. [Full review in Spanish]
Some of the most interesting aspects of the suffragette movement are glossed over without examination, and you get the feeling that, while the film is quite decent, an opportunity for something outstanding has been missed.
It's Mulligan to whom the biggest plaudits belong. But the rest of the film can't quite live up to her.
Neither compellingly made or told, Suffragette has the burden of prestige without the substance to back it up.
The ham-fisted performances and drifts into cliche keep this from being the powerhouse historical drama it should have been. One wonders what a brilliant social-realist director such as Ken Loach could have done with this.
'Sufragette' is a failed movie because it puts too much trust in the strenght of the story it's telling without giving it enough support. [Full Review in Spanish]
While the film resonates on many levels, the composite nature of the characters makes the narrative feel somewhat contrived. This stops a good film from being a great one
It's a graceful, serious-minded period piece that never quite comes to life, although it tells its story clearly and is at pains to place a sympathetic figure at its centre.
The film remains a rousing and convincing depiction of the kinds of sacrifices made to enact social change.
Its narrative of individuality and personal sacrifice should not be underestimated.
Suffragette makes a case for the historic importance of these renegade women, who launched the first wave of feminism, but you may wish the stirring narrative wasn't so streamlined.
The film really comes into its own when it rams home to the viewer the daunting risks that came with a commitment to what was very much an unpopular, outlaw cause at the time.
An OK movie, you can either watch it or not, it's not anything special. [Full review in Spanish]
A feminist chant that's necessary and relevant, a film about female empowerment and their roles in society, the work place and as human beings. [Full review in Spanish]
Sufragette is a complete triumph for its cast and their performances on camera. [Full Review in Spanish]
The cause is great, but the film account in SUFFRAGETTE is tepid and rather by-the-numbers.
Feels oddly perfunctory, despite valiant turns from Carey Mulligan and Helena Bonham Carter.
The pic is watchable because its star Carey Mulligan gives an affecting performance.
'Suffragette' has the distinction of bringing me full circle from 'Mary Poppins.'
A well executed period drama that throws light on the issue of inequality, something that's still a problem today. [Full review in Spanish]
While the scenes of street violence and prison life are kinetic and harrowing, a strong narrative arc is lacking, and the characters remain underdeveloped.
Based on real events a century ago that still resonate loudly today, this movie takes a cleverly fictionalised angle to explore the suffrage movement, a story that astonishingly has never been put on film before.
A well-intentioned, large, brown movie that's inclined to be rather dull
Carey Mulligan gives a wonderful performance in this film as a woman who becomes radicalized, and pays the price for it. The story is somewhat compelling and interesting from a historical standpoint.
Carey Mulligan is always inspired, even when faced with basic material like this.
Under Sarah Gavron's firm direction, Edward Grau's gritty cinematography and the sometimes murky accents (to American ears) add an aura of documentary realism.
Oh my, does Suffragette really want you to take it seriously.
"Suffragette" is a meaningful history lesson, but as a movie, it plays like a slog through history class.
Mulligan turns in a strong performance, going from a woman who has quietly resigned herself to a certain life to a woman who is willing to speak out for others. It's a transition that comes slowly, and it feels real.
Maud's character is a work of fiction, mixed in with historical figures, but her story could be that of many of the British women whose fight brought the vote to some women in 1918, and to all women in 1928.
Suffragette is a worthwhile reminder of how far women have come and the price they had to pay to get here. We're left to imagine how much more there is to be done.
... too often plays it safe and straightforward, trivializing the true-life cause despite the efforts of a top-notch cast.
The weight of the entrenched injustices these characters stagger under is enough to keep you on the verge of tears throughout.
An engrossing film about the transformation of a working-class mom into a radical feminist in 1912 England.
The effect is of a weepy women's movie from the 1940s presented against a too-thinly-drawn period background of political agitation and official repression.
With Suffragette, screenwriter Abi Morgan has managed to pen a movie about Britain's working-class women that's a far sight better than the dud she scripted about Britain's upper-class harridan.
It works, for a while, on that visceral level of watching other people suffer for rights that are now taken for granted, but that's really all it can manage.
Mulligan does an excellent job as Maud. She's perfect for this kind of role, and her transformation is convincing. It will be a surprise if she doesn't see some kind of nomination in the coming months.
An intriguing premise dampened by thin characters and a formulaic story.
If a brief but stirring appearance by Meryl Streep doesn't wake up the masses, then Brendan Gleeson's bullying brilliance (as a hired-gun police inspector) certainly will.
There is little surprise in the story structure and even less dimensionality to the characters.
Mulligan, in particular, delivers, bringing believability to a role that's quite a stretch, given the transformation her character has to go through from workaday mum to first-wave feminist superhero.
Morgan's writing is occasionally pedestrian, but the sweep of the story, the performances and Gavron's vision make up for it.
Headaches remain, but the picture isn't torpedoed by bad production choices. This is too strong of a story to crumble completely, and it often registers with the emotional and political intensity it deserves.
It's always compelling; you feel grateful, watching, that this story is being told at all.
Gavron is blessed with a talented cast that's fully invested in the project. Duff and Carter transform what could be cliched roles while Gleeson and Whishaw make the men more than one-dimensional villians.
Suffragette occasionally turns hard truths into platitudes. But the story is inspiring, buoyed by a fine cast, a pointed, important examination of the price paid for a shot at equality.
It seethes with good intentions and bad behaviour.
Mulligan ably anchors the film; clouds of fear, defiance and anguish scuttle across her delicate face, suggesting storms within that Maud works to suppress.
This dull, uplifting classroom movie makes [Mulligan's character] more the victim than inspiring example.
Heartbreaking and powerfully relevant.
Suffragette's greatest achievement is that it gives a full-blooded picture of a struggle not so far removed in time, and still going forth in some corners of the world today.
Revives history we could all stand to know better, and proves most useful in clarifying both what was at stake and the rules of the game...
The script, by Abi Morgan, filters out the contextual complexities of politics, and Sarah Gavron's direction reduces difficult situations to simple sentiments.
A poignant reminder of just how far women have come over the past century.
The best picture of 2015. Certainly the most important.
The film isn't timid about showing the violence facing these women, and there are moments in which Gavron shoots Suffragette as if it were a war film -- in some ways, it is.
"Suffragette" is a must-see, especially for all of the young women who find the word "feminist" so disdainful.
"Suffragette" suffers from an overload of extreme close-ups and jittery hand-held camera sequences.
This simply isn't the right narrative for the story Suffragette wants to tell.
This is a film so heavy on message that it forgets to tell the kind of rousing story it hopes to be.
Overall, the film is good, especially due to Mulligan who should likely receive some award nomination love come that time of year. (Full Content Review - Sex, Violence, Profanity, etc. - for Parents also available)
Mulligan's performance, coupled with a solid script by Abi Morgan, shows us just how much is at stake when a woman decides to wage war.
Effective at showing us how women across class lines worked together.
An engaging and well-made movie about a very important and controversial time.
It's a movie with a lot of things to say, but walking out, you feel like you're still waiting for it to say them.
If we now take a woman's right to vote and to hold public office for granted, Suffragette reminds us that it wasn't that long ago when things were different.
It riles you up and at times may move you to tears of rage.
Suffragette, like Maud, is modest in scope and ambition, and is more emotionally affecting for it.
Suffragette is exemplary in its attempt to depict the harrowing experiences of the British women who risked their lives to win the vote.
This revolution looks like others that we've seen on screen, and the film legitimizes it while also offering a stark reminder that the fight is far from over.
Suffragette is easy to look at, populated by strong actors who move through a world furnished with lovely period detail, but it feels hollow at the centre.
Based on the fictional Maud's role in this saga and this saga's place in the bigger fight, it's questionable why this is the story being told.
This period drama shows how awful it was to be a working-class woman at that time... [but] scenes dramatizing the political organizing and protests are less effective, bogged down by pedantic dialogue and historical generalizations.
This movie embraces conventionality at the expense of the urgency, the passion and the power that its subject matter demands.
"Suffragette" is an absorbing, ultimately moving portrait of thwarted ideals that rings all too true today.
Suffragette has the power to shock even those familiar with the early days of the feminist movement it dramatizes.
Yes, the actors are excellent, but this ostensibly rousing movie won't stir much of anything.
From a historical perspective, Suffragette is riddled with inaccuracies, but that's less of a problem than its questionable dramatic arc.
Mulligan's richly detailed performance holds you and makes the sometimes unbearable journey that is Suffragette worth the trip back in time.
It's a movie that's easier to respect than love, but it is something to respect.
...tells a true story with mostly fictional characters...what it doesn't do is really zero in on how the women finally accomplished what they were striving for. It's like showing the third inning of the third game of the World Series.
"Suffragette" urges us to look at the dynamics of gender, class and power then and now with fresh eyes.
Veers into kitchen sink melodrama occasionally, but still tells a story that needs to be remembered.
While good intentions and some wonderful performances manage to save Suffragette from being an outright bad movie, its biggest accomplishment is in its depiction of militant protests.
Too often the film retreats from the complexity of its debates in favor of comprehension.
Suffragette falls short on inclusivity and depicting flaws within the movement, of which there were many. The women represented here are brave and often awe-inspiring, but the film could have been much braver.
Suffragette trundles along well enough, all noble and serious, but it doesn't get the blood up the way a protest movie probably should.
[Mulligan] brings a name and a face to this milieu; Maud in her hands becomes less of a figurehead representing generations of women and more of an individual with hopes and dreams of her own.
With superb performances from Mulligan and crew, "Suffragette" should be a heartfelt winner... instead...
These women were warriors, their story deserves to be told, and director Sarah Gavron does a fine job with a classically filmed production.
Considering that women's rights and universal suffrage are less than a century old, we have a long way to go.
The fancy period costumes and bleak, lived-in settings may be strictly Britain in 1912, but the rage and passion feel strictly contemporary in the history-based Suffragette.
[Mulligan is] a fiercely intelligent performer, and that suits her here. She gives some human weight to Maud's big moments, especially when they veer dangerously close to hokum.
Eye-opening drama about equality raises big questions.
"Suffragette" feels like a documentary in its visuals, but at the same time drowns in subjectivity.
In minimizing the usual scenes that fill this sort of film - terribly awkward breakfasts at the country house, men wagging their chinwhiskers at each other - Gavron finds room for others.
Gavron splits the difference between didactic history lesson and "relatable" storytelling without quite reaching either goal.
Stirring and cleareyed - the best kind of history lesson.
Though ably acted and indisputably on the side of the angels, "Suffragette" as directed by Sarah Gavron is more dead-on earnest and schematic than it needs to be.
Suffragette successfully captures the hardship and bravery of the British women's suffrage movement, while also showcasing a wonderful performance from Carey Mulligan.
In a sea of Hollywood escapism, Suffragette -- flaws and all -- is a movie that matters.
It is impressively staged, superbly acted, and efficiently authentic in its portrayal of not-so-ancient history. Carey Mulligan is terrific, which is important since she is in almost every moment of the film.
an important reminder of how hardly won were rights we now take for granted...Carey Mulligan delivers a fierce and heart-breaking performance.
The movie does well to shine a light on the venerable struggle, but its beam is narrow, and often pallid.
In a performance of considerable nuance, Mulligan gives the impression not of playing Maud but of living her.
It's a shame that, despite some excellent performances, this urgent, well-intentioned film feels so conventional and stolid.
Director Gavron does a respectable job in capturing the political and social atmosphere of the era, though her gauzy filter can be a little too on the nose to evoke the past.
That Carey Mulligan's Maud had to be swept into the Suffragette world at all points to a common annoyance in movies about activism.
In Suffragette, which without [Mulligan] would be a far, far less compelling movie, she doesn't merely entertain us with her skill. She brings to vibrant life an important part of our global history that's easy to forget.
[Suffragette] will resonate with audiences because while it is a historical drama, its modernity is felt in the predicament of its working-class hero.
Yes, such things happened. Gavron's touch, though, renders them melodramatic.
It depicts an important movement that remains relevant today as a historical obligation of a movie, dutiful and often surprisingly dull.
Yes, there may be a bit of a history lesson here but a fine cast led by Carey Mulligan brings this inspiring story of women fighting for their rights vividly alive.
The film's episodes and attitudes register with searing immediacy while feeling true to their time period.
"Suffragette" derives its considerable intellectual and emotional might from recognizing the symbolic nature of the vote. ... That practical view makes the [film] not just an urgent history lesson but also a perceptive human drama.
Despite Mulligan bringing her A-game, the film falls short of its potential.
As a period piece, Suffragette captures and preserves the pulse and passion of a past era, yet strengthens the vibrant urgency of a cause that continues to inform the future.
Suffragette expends its energy selling us on what we already believe rather than examining the way these activists pressed the world into believing it.
In this struggle-filled saga, fiery Carey Mulligan is the source of the film's strength.
Suffragette invites us to gasp at the archaic attitudes and naked injustice on display, but the tragedy is that much of it remains, now underground.
What the filmmakers fail to have noticed is that they have made most of the female characters unspeakably tedious, and given all the best moments to the men.
A wonderfully involving, moving Carey Mulligan and the spirited ensemble around her flesh out a handsomely crafted, timely look at why and how far people are willing to go for a cause.
The performances are incredible. The story is powerfully compelling and I left the cinema feeling like an utter s*** just for having an Adam's apple.
Maud's awakening is like a Wikipedia brought to life: she's a cipher, there to link the flashpoint moments of the movement, not a three-dimensional human being with an interior life of her own. What a shame.
Suffragette is an effective piece of agitprop.
It is educational, earnest and sincere but feels a bit rote.
This is an important story and Suffragette tells it without stylistic fuss or frills in solidly down-the-line fashion.
It is such a shame that Sarah Gavron's well-appointed film ends up in such bourgeois heritage territory.
This is a superbly acted and sharply written drama that manages to be powerfully emotional without resorting to manipulative sentimentality.
It's a tale that remains woefully relevant, and that in the hands of these film-makers is, finally, unforgettable.
This would've made for a great TV serial.
In director [Suffragette], votes for women are not about the purple and green silk sashes and magnificent hats of the upper classes... but rather about a working class laundress with caustic soda on her hands -- and inequality eating into her soul.
It may be Oscar bait, but it's Oscar bait that works (mostly).
Suffragette is one of those films in which the parts are greater than the sum. Or, in this instance, the part, singular, as it's Carey Mulligan's central performance that gives this the emotional power it might otherwise lack.
Gavron spotlights the lopsided sacrifice of working-class women; she also nudges you into reflecting how wide that gulf remains.
The first feature film ever about the women who fought for their right to vote is glorious. It is angry and passionate and defiant. It is essential.
It is a thoroughly valuable and absorbing film, with some terrifically managed suspense sequences that might conceivably have been admired by Gillo Pontecorvo.
Expect no old-fashioned whimsy; your cockles will not be warmed.
Written, shot and acted with a hot-blooded urgency that reminds you the struggle it depicts is an ongoing one - and which shakes up this most well-behaved of genres with a surge of civil disobedience.
Suffragette is a piece of living history, a celebration of how far we've come but also a stark reminder that, despite the best efforts of these pioneering women, we still have some distance left to go.
Compelling throughout, mostly due to the full-bodied strength and sensitivity of Carey Mulligan's extraordinary central performance.
Accomplished performances hampered by a narrow frame, with little sense of scale or importance.
The supporting cast, including Helena Bonham Carter, Romola Garai and Anne-Marie Duff, are all top notch, and a reminder of how few films like this exist anywhere.
It's an unabashed message-driven story that imbues the past with modern power.
Director Sarah Gavron does well to galvanize her story with a degree of urgency: the result of swift, assured camerawork and a brilliantly understated performance by Carey Mulligan.
But Suffragette isn't about difficult questions, it's about creating a character to have enacted on her all the odious offenses of the early twentieth century
A picture whose politics prove rather more commendable than its artistry.
This year's Selma
Screenwriter Abi Morgan isn't able to make the fictional Maud more interesting than her historical counterparts.
It's a tremendous, awards-worthy performance from Carey Mulligan.
If only Carey Mulligan had been inspired to protest for the right to a better script for "Suffragette," an overly schematic look at the struggle for women's voting rights in Britain that almost gets by on the strength of a great lead performance.
A rousing, relevant slice of feminist history.
It's a film with movement and energy.
A one hundred year buried history boldly and brilliantly exhumed and brought back to life in this defiant and devastating drama. With a convergence of a tense period thriller and stunningly seamless implosion of historical candor and raw emotional energy.

@highlight

Suffragette dramatizes an important -- and still painfully relevant -- fact-based story with more than enough craft and sincerity to overcome its flaws.