The next time someone bemoans 'They just don't make 'em like they used to,' buy them a ticket to My One and Only. Sometimes they do, and sometimes they make them better.
A road-movie with a flat tire, this is a dull journey that follows the teenage George Hamilton as he and his mother set off to find a new life along Route 66. It's a lifeless comedy, long on trivial adventure and short on drama and energy.
Funny, surprising, moving and uplifting, the film soars in a restrained, early 50s kind of way
A sharp and witty script provides the fuel for this captivating road trip in which the potential husbands of Renee Zellweger's Ann Deveraux are the pit stops.
feels like a black-and-white rerun on late-night TV.
Even if it isn't as singular -- or as memorable -- as its title might suggest, it's sweet enough and soft enough around the edges to make it a diverting little road trip.
... Zellweger shines in the middle of it all ...
A pleasant trifle of a movie that doesn't let facts interfere with a good fable.
In the midst of blockbusters that involve giant robots and teen wizards, "My One and Only" is an enjoyable film that got lost in the cinematic shuffle of 2009.
You don't have to care anything about George Hamilton in order to enjoy this surprisingly entertaining little movie that will remind you why you once liked Renée Zellweger.
Depressing tale of a mother's love, or at least what she thinks love is.
What could have been a maddening portrait of spoiled self-entitlement is, instead, a plucky tale... Zellweger creates a nice portrait of chin-keeping-up-erness combined with encroaching self-awareness....
Scripter Charlie Peters falters when it comes to the big picture.
Melodramatic, starting and stopping without achieving a flow.
Zellweger does a nice job keeping her character more sympathetic than pathetic, as the realization that she is no longer an ingénue lets her become something more.
A sweet, sentimental, occasionally naughty, attractively mounted piece of old-fashioned hokum that will appeal to audiences, mostly female, of a certain age.
This vintage set road comedy has enough amiable charms to make it across the finish line for those who like their movies to stay out of the fast lane.
My One and Only reveals the man behind the tan - and George Hamilton's feisty ma, too.
The movie has a beautiful golden look, totally romanticizing the time period.
An appealing drama revolving around a cross-country journey and a boy's quest to understand and appreciate his mother.
fails to provide audiences with more than a few madcap adventures and changes in scenery.
Part road trip, part coming-of-age story, the film ultimately reveals itself as a Hollywood memoir, but it saves any stardust for its last moments.
It has a smoothly intoxicating style and never overplays its hand. Better, it doesn't drip in maudlin melodrama, its emotional undercurrents happening with an almost effortless believability that's tastily refreshing.
If you have any curiosity at all about how a fellow like George Hamilton became a fellow like George Hamilton, My One and Only answers the question by looking, fondly, at his primary caregiver.
It's affable entertainment -- a road movie with a smart map and characters who are unpredictable human beings, not just billboard attractions.
Parental Content Review
Set in the '50s, it shares that decade's sunny optimism without acknowledging the oppressive ugliness that lurked beneath. Even when Anne and her sons are getting tossed out of yet another unpaid-for hotel suite, the movie remains upbeat.
A grand, colorful coming-of-age story with a candy box color palette and a standout performance by Renée Zellweger. It's a great story and a great crowd-pleaser.
Can be extremely witty and funny at times
My One and Only is like a tale told by a first-rate raconteur, its twists and turns all the more intriguing because it's all true -- more or less.
This isn't exactly untraveled territory, but director Richard Loncraine makes this potentially familiar story fresh...
A generic road-trip/coming-of-age/up-by-your-bootstraps hybrid.
It's refreshing, and let's hope it's [Zellweger's] passport out of rom-com purgatory and into mature roles. Sadly, it is a better career move than it is a movie.
My One and Only isn't exactly memorable, but this little, personable movie is a fine showcase for Zellweger's talents and a paean to the sort of mid-1950s America best remembered in Norman Rockwell paintings.
My One and Only aspires to a top-down breeziness, but at the end of the road it's as foolish and superficial as a suntan.
If you've thought of George Hamilton only as a B-celeb with a Day-Glo perma-tan, think again.
Basing psychological speculation on a biopic is notoriously risky. All I can say is that after seeing My One and Only, Hamilton's persona somehow clicked into place for me.
Renee Zellweger looks gorgeous and delivers her best performance since the original Bridget Jones movie in My One and Only
This is a trifle too sweet to dip as dark as despair -- at worst, we know Anne will learn self-reliance.
Renée Zellweger plays to her strengths as an unsinkable Southern belle in the safe and breezy 1950s period piece My One and Only.
The acting of Lerman, Bacon, and Rendall and an evocative recreation of the 50s overcome Zellweger's pervasive 'I just sucked a lemon' facial expression.
Boasts a charming cast and superb production design along with briefly amusing and heartfelt moments which get bogged down by bland dialogue and an unfocused plot that often meanders.
A heart warming piece of summer fare for those nostalgia buffs in the audience.
Amusingly bittersweet, screwball comedy, evoking the sexist ambiance of TV's "Mad Men."
The movie is filled with fun '50s Americana, and Lerman, it turns out, really does have the magnetism and star quality to anchor a movie, in a way the real George Hamilton might envy.
Flouncing across the country like Miss Piggy, Renée Zellweger makes My One and Only a fabulous bore.
Zellweger isn't dreadful -- in fact, she's more appealing than she's been in years -- but she's not quite good enough. Neither is the film.
Just when you think nothing will break the summer heat, in blows a cool breeze.
My One and Only is an affectionate picture, set in the early 1950s, that coasts breezily on its charm and style.
High-spirited 1950s-set dramedy mixes humor, heavy themes.
Zellweger gives a good performance as a fading Southern belle and determined mother in this rambling tale of the early years of suntanned actor George Hamilton, which combine elements of a road movie with a fictionalized bio.
Despite some clichéd set-pieces, the unassuming My One and Only keeps its balance and momentum.
My One and Only is as probably as close as we'll get this decade to an Auntie Mame or a Travels with My Aunt.
The film's flaws and charms just about balance each other out.
A good-natured screwball road film set in 1953.
My One and Only has an old-fashioned sensibility making for a pleasantly diverting road movie.
Director Richard Loncraine applies a period gloss to the proceedings, but adds little momentum; the film never gets on Zellweger's batty wavelength.
Based on the life of actor George Hamilton, this lively film is enjoyable but rather slight.
More dull calamity than stirring triumph.
Occasionally diverting but ultimately forgettable.
Renee Zellweger makes a delightful screwball.
Aimed directly at the older audiences who remember when movies effortlessly mixed hilarity, family drama and sentiment without blinking an eye, My One and Only is that rare kind of comedy that doesn't come around very often anymore.
A colorfully written, expertly directed and beautifully acted romp about the early life of actor George Hamilton that is guaranteed to make you feel warm all over.
A kind of stinging screwball blend served up raw. And a magnificent tribute, warts and all, to a woman who was no Thelma & Louise, but hardly the coy shrinking violet she was pressured to be either.
Peter's lightning-fast script and Loncraine's steady direction steer this road picture to the sunny side of the street.
Pleasant and pro-made.







@highlight

A breezy road movie with characters both glamorous and familiar, My One and Only is a colorful period look at the early life of actor George Hamilton.