A celebration of the life of the most important film critic of the past 50 years, a man of the people as well as a film connoisseur.
...a revelation, an approach to the life of a fascinating man we only knew through his work. [Full review in Spanish]
While Life Itself falls more into the category of "posthumous celebration" than "in-depth documentary," it does an excellent job of painting a visual portrait of a man who was often polarizing, yet almost universally admired.
In [Steve] James' affectionate telling, Ebert's life, itself, was bountiful indeed.
Life Itself is the kind of film that reminds you why you love the movies.
This is an extraordinary biopic not just because it is about an extraordinary life but because it advocates living - and dying - with candor and grace.
Roger Ebert was an unusual outlier in the world of critics, and Life Itself is an honorable testament to how he shaped the world of cinema as we know it today.
No film in the festival is as critic-friendly; watching it, I finally understood how football players must feel about 'Brian's Song'.
[A] succinct and often hilarious retelling of a life well lived.
Well, Roger, you made it. You're in a movie.
My generation will never know a film critic like Roger Ebert again. He brought his noble trade to the people and made us all film critics by celebrating his love of movies at a level we could all understand.
Steve James' wonderful documentary invites your emotional, intellectual and political engagements, to share Ebert's own commitment, his excitement about movies, as a part and form of life itself.
The film, like its subject, gives a thumbs-up to life, whatever shape it takes
Tremendously, gorgeously life-affirming and soul-stirring ... The film is impeccably constructed, making bold choices which are followed through with integrity and conviction.
This is a sometimes painful but always inspiring tribute to one of the great members of our profession.
Movies help us think about who we are and how we live together. And as a movie, Life Itself is a heartfelt, clear-eyed tribute to a master.
With Ebert's blessing and encouragement, Life Itself is a warts-and-all look at how the son of an Illinois electrician and housewife became a prolific writer who spent 46 years as the film critic at the Chicago Sun Times.
What comes through most in Life Itself, a film named after Ebert's 2011 memoir, is his great, open-minded vigor.
This movie is a bounty for film buffs.
If you aren't moved by Life Itself, you ought to have your heart examined.
The film's core is footage shot during the last four months of Ebert's life, when he had lost most of his jaw and was unable to eat or speak. It's hard to see him in this state, which makes his frequent cheerfulness and humor all the more remarkable.
In keeping with his impressive body of work, acclaimed documentary filmmaker Steve James approaches the details of the life of film critic Roger Ebert with honesty and the utmost respect.
Hoop Dreams director Steve James mainly avoids eulogising [Ebert], instead painting a picture of man who loved the movies, but could be prickly and given to excess.
It's appropriate to the subject that Steve James' affectionate documentary Life Itself, based on Ebert's autobiography and shot as he was fading away in a Chicago hospital, works as a sincere and powerful portrayal of mortality and undying love.
It's undercooked (we're not even told what movies he loved as a child) and a clip of the great New Yorker critic Pauline Kael speaking made me sit bolt upright thinking "Now you're talking."
Life Itself is, more than anything, a very loving document of a man who was loved.
Life Itself is an exceptional look at this exceptional man. Wouldn't it have been interesting to read Ebert's assessment of the film?
Ebert had a way of finding the good in things. Friends. Family. The joy of going to the movies. In capturing his passion and generosity of spirit, this doco earns two thumbs up.
So much more than reviews.
A wide-ranging portrait of a movie champion who was latterly robbed of his voice but not his love of cinema, or life.
Ebert never sat on the fence, in fact sometimes he smashed it to smithereens. "I hated this movie. Hated, hated, hated, hated, hated this movie. Hated it."
For the most part, this film is a fitting tribute to a great champion of films and filmmakers. It is an interesting look into Ebert's life, warts and all, and it packs a real emotional punch, like life itself.
A deeply affecting, triumphal portrait of the world's most beloved film critic.
Fans of film journalism will love this documentary about the noted Chicago critic Roger Ebert, although the movie is just as much about his battle with the cancer that took his life in 2013.
Taking its title from Ebert's bestselling memoir, this lovely, insightful film is a splendidly watchable tribute to a truly cinematic life.
With the man's passing, American film lost not just an inimitable figure but a voice that was as forceful and distinctive as it was ubiquitous.
A film about a movie critic might not sound an attractive proposition, but Steve James's biographical documentary on Pulitzer Prize-winning, Chicago Sun-Times journalist Roger Ebert (who died last year) is deeply moving.
Fans of the great populist film critic Roger Ebert will be both moved and amused by Life Itself.
Steve James's cinematic take on Roger Ebert's autobiography stands as a warm tribute to America's most prominent mainstream movie critic.
[A] warm, well structured and affecting tribute as someone who lived a full life and refused to be afraid of dying.
James puts Ebert's criticism carefully in context, and isn't guilty of either overstating his influence or whitewashing the less genial aspects of the man.
As much about existence and the passage of time as it is cinema and criticism, this affectionate testament offers a reflective and surprisingly profound journey. Hopefully, the man himself would have given it the thumbs up.
It's an inspiring documentary for critics, and anyone who loves cinema.
The strongest parts of the movie are those that deal with the sometimes radioactive relationship between Siskel and Ebert.
A very worthy delve into a eventful life cut short by cancer.
A deeply moving and hugely informative film about a man who left a considerable mark.
Both an unflinching document of the last days of film critic Roger Ebert's life and a densely packed celebration of his career.
A clear-eyed celebration of a giant of film writing. We'll refrain from the thumb jokes, but consider this a hearty recommendation.
Asked why his opinion mattered, Ebert once replied: "Would you want to listen to you?" As this moving testament to his talent proves, in Ebert's case the answer is yes.
No matter how you felt about him or when you came to know of him or his work, James captures the most poignant and amazing snatches of Ebert's spirit.
One of the best documentaries of the year.
One man changed the way a nation saw the movies
Sometimes difficult, very frank documentary of a one-of-a-kind critic and newspaperman
Behind-the-scenes sequences are delightful, but film is disappointing in its focus on his last days.
Ebert once said: 'For me, the movies are like a machine that generates empathy.' This documentary might be Exhibit A in an argument in support of Ebert's definition.
Life Itself is at its most compelling when it tackles Siskel and Ebert's contentious professional marriage. Their rivalry is a fascinating stew of insecurity, resentment, respect, and co-dependence.
A lively thumbs up documentary on America's most popular, intelligent and influential modern-day movie critic.
For fans of the late critic, Life Itself will succeed as a warm reminder.
A moving, intimate documentary that follows the great film critic Roger Ebert in his last months and gives context to his life and career.
...a warm and winning portrait of an infinitely interesting man
Ebert's passing wasn't fortunate. But he was a shrewd film critic, and it's not a stretch to say he'd consider it a dramatic and thematic boon for the film itself.
A film about a generous and open soul that is itself generous and open.
There will never be another Roger Ebert. The man's voice will be heard for generations to come and Life Itself brings that concept to life as it shows just how influential Ebert has been to the world of cinema.
Plato says that "the unexamined life is not worth living," and this touching documentary makes a powerful statement about a rich life lived at the movies, examining life.
Life Itself makes a good case for a larger-than-life human who left us all a little richer for his presence.
No less than James's capital punishment documentary At the Death House Door, this asks us to think long and hard about what it means to die with dignity.
Life Itself is a film about living and dying well. It measures up to Ebert's definition of cinema's best possibility -- "a machine that generates empathy" -- and reveals, by the end, a man who became fully worthy of that ideal.
Siskel's widow recalls he kept his condition a secret to spare his kids and James drives home the devastation of the unexpected loss for Ebert, who vowed that, should anything like that happen to him, he'd hide nothing. Sadly, something did.
A smart and moving tribute to an irreplaceable critic and a singular human being.
It is a great profile of, and tribute to, the man credited with democratizing movie criticism -- and, by extension, cinema itself -- in America. But it's also much more.
That [Siskel and Ebert] weren't very nice to each other might be the too-easy takeaway of outtakes of their on-set interactions. James allows that relationship to be more complicated and vital.
A story of a life well lived, told with appreciation and honesty.
The best moments in Steve James' documentary, filmed over the last few months of film critic Roger Ebert's life, are those that are the most candid, the least mediated and the most real. As in the movies, so in life itself.
He led a five-star life and it's a three-star film, but we can split the difference to four stars for a film about a film critic -- a man a lot of us in the soft-seated film community knew as a human being.
A very human love letter to a genuine man that will give even his most hard core fans new insight.
A stunningly good documentary. I still can't believe Siskel and Ebert are gone.
For critics, Ebert's greatness is a given, but Life Itself doesn't do enough to reach beyond that.
It also makes clear that Ebert didn't want to partake in a movie that sweetened who he was. He'd be proud to know that the movie of his life is sugar-free.
Sometimes a plodder, he was never a phony. The eminent critic Cyril Connolly wrote that the phrase "I read you but I don't agree with you" is a politer way of saying "I know you but I don't like you." It'd be hard not to like Ebert after seeing this.
Unflinching and engrossing, it's an inspirational tribute to America's most influential film critic.
Emotionally raw, visually spare, and poetic, even in its imperfections.
What we end up with -- and what I guess was wanted by Chaz Ebert -- is a kind of celebration of Ebert. There's not a dissenting voice in the crowd.
Roger era um ser humano capaz de enxergar, no outro, o potencial para surpreender.
As this riveting documentary proves, two thumbs up made up only a small part of the total man.
Documentary captures film critic Ebert's zest for living.
Certainly (Ebert and Siskel) together wouldn't have enough digits to bestow honest praise on a film that so nicely records their relationship and will be embraced by anyone who loves movies crowded with genuine humanity.
A tribute and historical perspective on the man behind a pop-cultural phenomenon.
Life Itself is a profile in criticism. It's a profile in courage. And it's a profile in ego.
The ultimate cineaste to the end, Ebert saw himself as James's collaborator rather than as his compliant subject ... Fascinating, engaging, and life-affirming ‒ without being in the least mawkish.
This movie is never maudlin or sentimental. It shows us a man who, whatever his flaws, seemed to live his life in exactly the right way.
...in the end, the fact that Ebert became an internationally known film critic proves to be the movie's MacGuffin. What he did for a living fades to the background as examples of how he lived his life...show us the true measure of the man.
Entertaining, engrossing, funny and touching.
James has done a great service with this doc --- it demands to be seen, and Roger's life to be appreciated.
Maybe the most profound concept to come out of "Life Itself" is the grace and dignity with which Roger and Chaz handled his death
Life Itself reminds you how unpredictable Ebert's tastes: He loved Benji the Hunted and tore Scarface and Blue Velvet apart.
Appropriate to this man who lived his life for films is this movie that transcends subject and form to get at a portrait that is not just intimate and revealing, but cinema-loving, life-affirming, and inspiring.
An account that's affectionate but also honest, taking the title and much of the content of Ebert's bestselling 2011 autobiography.
Even Ebert might have felt James' candid and compassionate assessment runs a bit long. But such is the consequence of a life lived, and told, in full.
Life Itself is a glorious celebration of Ebert and everything he accomplished throughout his life. It's tough at times, but always fair.
"Life Itself" completes the circular conversation between the movies, the man and the masses.
Though Life Itself is a warts-and-all portrait Ebert didn't live to review, my guess is his thumbs would be shooting upward. Mine sure are.
A powerful, illuminating, and heart-affecting documentary about the long career of the Pulitzer Prize-winning film critic and his courageous battle with cancer.
I'm calling it now: At next year's Academy Awards, the Oscar for Best Documentary will go to Life Itself.
Life Itself captures [Ebert's] spirit -- dynamic, optimistic, intelligent, compassionate and fearless -- without brushing over his flaws, that dissipated as he grew older.
"Life Itself" is a fitting tribute to the most popular, if also controversial film critic of his time
Ebert once described the cinema as "a machine that generates empathy." Watching James's lovely film, you know exactly what he means.
Every young film critic needs to see Life Itself to become a better professional. I know this because I am one of those young critics, and my eyes are now open wider than they've ever been.
What makes Life Itself such a wonderful documentary is that it weds Ebert's passion for the good things in life to his quest to find great movies.
While the film is too candid about Ebert's ego, petulance, and late-career critical softening to be called hagiography, that very frankness does harmonize with the critic's own eleventh-hour turn toward full and fearless disclosure.
Life Itself may tell the story of a remarkable life, but it's at its most enlightening when dealing with death.
Life Itself is the goodbye that many of us never wanted to say, but at long last it has been done, and with all the resounding power that Roger himself saw as just part of the process of living.
Shows how with only two choices, it seems so easy for a movie to get a thumbs up, or for someone in pain to give one. It isn't.
"Life Itself" pulls you in not only as a fly on the wall but as a guest at his family's dinner table. The film isn't afraid of showing pain and doesn't apply makeup on Roger's degenerating face or about his story as a whole.
It's just too bad Ebert won't be around to see it. But wherever his spirit resides, you can be sure he'll be giving James, and this film, a big thumbs up.
To be certain, some of the footage interpolated here is entertaining, but this has to count as a missed opportunity.
[Ebert's] clear, sensible prose will probably hold up better than some of the more frantic efforts of his contemporaries. His greatest legacy, however, as this film documents, was his courage in the endgame of his life.
A heartfelt tribute to one of the most famous and significant film critics of all time.
(The film) boasts lively, engaging editorial style but is also a tad overlong and redundant in spots. It is most revealing, at times excruciatingly so, of Ebert's final hospital visits prior to his death.
...a surprisingly interesting and moving, even inspirational, experience... the story of a man and his life and what he had to face,...The courageous way he faced and accepted death exceeded all his accomplishments.
... the type of heartfelt yet honest work that Ebert himself would have almost certainly given a thumbs-up.
Life Itself inspires not only those of us who followed [Ebert's] work, but anyone who's looked tough times in the face
[VIDEO ESSAY] In the end, "Life Itself" has too much to do with Roger Ebert's death than with the man who trademarked a couple of thumbs pointed either up or down.
A touching biography, and an accidental look at the tremendous upheaval that journalism has weathered in the past half century.
Whether you care about film criticism a little, a lot, or not at all, this is a movie with a profoundly inspiring message.
Up to the end, Roger was passionate about everything in his life - his wife, his family, his friends, and the movies. And Life Itself captures that passion. It's not just a eulogy but a celebration.
Ebert was a giant, and Life Itself is a giant of a film.
James' film is less like a eulogy than a wake, a commemoration of his living spirit rather than a meditation on his loss.
I did not like this movie. And the reason can be boiled down to director Steve James (and perhaps Ebert himself) and I clearly disagree about how the dead should be remembered.
An admiring, and admirable, portrait of Ebert as a writer and as a person...not merely touching but honest.
Life Itself is an empathetic, affectionate, and, at times, shattering film that honors its subject through its candor.
You will gaze upon [Steve] James' work in stunned awe over his searing, unflinching brand of cinejournalism.
Incisive, graceful and, yes, deeply empathetic.
I love this movie.
A portrait of Ebert that is funny, moving, sad, harrowing and ultimately uplifting.
How fitting that America's most important movie critic has become the subject of a fine movie himself.
A wonderful portrait of Ebert, who was a populist of film criticism and also a tremendous critic himself.
A beautifully paced tribute to a life well-lived.
It's another mark of the director's skill that he took me deeper into aspects of that life that I thought I knew the most about.
A captivating portrait of a man who embraced life and art, whose spirit never flagged even when his body did.
An excellent documentary about a great man, certainly, but it's also a reminder of why we all love movies. Thumbs eternally up.
Ebert inspired legions of movie writers and movie fans throughout his life. But it's how he faced his last few years - with dignity, humor and grace - that should inspire everybody.
Anyone who watched Siskel & Ebert argue over movies will have a vested interest in "Life Itself."
we see how the man who'd literally lost his voice procured a new one via his blog where he wrote about everything under the sun and if there's a weakness in this film it is that we don't hear enough about this fine work.
Deep currents of love and sorrow flow under the succession of often funny recollections of a busy life. But it is a wake where the departed is still present.
Few will get through the film not feeling as though they know and understand the author a little better, a little more deeply, a little more intimately.
[Ebert] makes for a compelling subject, intimately portrayed in a revelatory documentary.
Ebert was an advocate of context in criticism, and it would probably please him as both a critic and a fan of irony to know that his death is what enlivens Life Itself.
James casts his net wide but not too deep; the result is a positive review of a charmed and happy life, with cancer and fellow critic Gene Siskel providing narrative drama.
Flawlessly, heartbreakingly captures the joy, the fallibility and the transcendence of one's ever fleeting existence. Roger Ebert may no longer be here, but his impact and legacy will endure.
I never ceased to amaze at the man's work ethic (he saw, and covered, hundreds of movies a year, filing stories even the week of his death). And I marveled at the grace with which he navigated his final, immensely challenging years.
[An] affectionate, candid, sometimes tough-to-watch tribute to Roger Ebert ...
Takes a probing, profound look at Ebert's life and career, in a way that just might encourage you to believe again in the possibility of the American experiment.
Not even The Diving Bell and the Butterfly drives home the mind-body schism as movingly.
I came away inspired and challenged, motivated by probably the world's most influential film critic.
Life Itself is a vibrant portrait of critic Roger Ebert's life, translating his prolific career into a living essay on life, death, and culture.
It's one of the finest films of the year and one that should be considered as the first documentary ever to be nominated for Best Picture.
A testimony to an insatiable hunger for life.
Life Itself seems about as comprehensive as it could be, though perhaps it doesn't adequately stress Ebert's generosity toward younger critics, even those not so much younger than himself.
Anyone who shares Ebert's love of movies and who followed his career will be exceptionally moved by "Life Itself," but anyone who appreciates a well-lived life should be touched as well.
This is a uniquely powerful motion picture, the kind of open and honest portrayal I can't ever recall having seen about a celebrity.
Even if I'd never heard of Roger Ebert, I'd have likely been highly moved by James' film, which is an inclusive, comprehensive, very entertaining look at a contemporary giant.
A layered look at experience and acceptance from a most eloquent man, and while it indulges an inevitable sense of sadness, it manages to capture the essence of the subject in surprising ways.
Far more than just a tribute to the career of the world's most famous and influential film critic, the often revelatory "Life Itself" is also a remarkably intimate portrait of a life well lived -- right up to the very last moment.
"Life Itself" is a joy. It celebrates colorful characters, an indomitable spirit and a generous mind.
If you ever wanted to find out what drives someone like Roger Ebert's passion for film, essentially what makes a great film critic like him tick, then this is one of the year's must-see docs.
You observe as a materialist - who fully expected to return to the nothing from which he came - grapples with the very real notion that his consciousness will soon disappear.
"Life Itself" is suffused with a sense of finality: This is one of those rare films that actually shows what the end of someone's life can be like.
"Life Itself," filmmaker Steve James' moving tribute to America's most popular film critic, serves as a poignant reminder of what a distinguished journalist and courageous man he was.
You don't have to give a damn about movie criticism to enjoy this movie. You may give a damn though once the lights come up.
An extraordinary documentary about a man of great talent and courage who used his love of movies and way with words to become one of our most beloved and influential film critics.
Ebert's honesty, his industry and most of all his bottomless enthusiasm for his métier make for a lasting monument.
I find myself borrowing from Ebert to call "Life Itself" one of the best films about an American life I could ever see.
As sad as its finale was, the life of film critic Roger Ebert had as much incident, drama and joy as any ten movies he ever reviewed, and this completely absorbing doc tells his deeply human story with rare truth and beauty.
A paradoxical and vitally overflowing character emerges: a compassionate moralist with vast appetites, a raucous public performer whose confessional candor had a nearly religious purity.
There's a sense throughout of Steve James rushing and dutifully covering all his bases to evade accusations of creating a puff piece.
Unlike Ebert, it tends to amble on past the punchline. But overall, a lovely portrait of an era in movies and newspapering and a man who loved both, with gust.
Entertaining, often emotional look at the life of America's most popular film critic.
The true tragedy of Life Itself is that Roger isn't around to write about it. No one would have been able to say whatever there is to be said any better.
A perfect biographical documentary, possibly one of the classics, this is a lovingly and brutally honest portrait of a famous film critic in the final days of his life.
Like his subject, Steve James' Life Itself is a piece of work. It's a dense, vivid impression of the Sun-Timesman's will and destiny and a compact feat of determination and legerdemain.
The documentary is both a personal history and a tribute to one of the movies' loudest and most prolific modern champions.
Ebert was a sparrer, a happy combatant, and the movies were always a springboard to a conversation. His life's work is well-represented here ...
A fascinating, poignant documentary...
Surely critics would be the first to lob insults at a Roger Ebert film that fell short. Life Itself does right by Ebert, it does right by people who love movies.
Ebert was more than just a famous critic; he elevated the medium through his criticism. Life Itself is the tribute he deserves.
The film is a little soft, and tactful to a fault. Yet it's a work of taste and generosity, in keeping with its subject, and James ensures that it avoids the hometown-hero "attaboy!" attitude some feared might come of such a project ...
I think it's fair to conjecture - Roger would have liked the film very much... It's pretty clear that he would have smiled, done that "happy dance" he would use to express his joy, and raise once more his thumb to the sky.
A fitting tribute to one of the giants of film criticism.
Featuring many of Ebert's own words, testimony from friends and filmmakers, his wife Chaz and Siskel's widow, this is an impressively clear-eyed and deeply moving portrait.
Steve James' documentary recognizes that Roger Ebert's genius was that he was not a genius.
A profoundly moving story about one of cinema's greatest superheroes.
What does the movie version of Life Itself really have to show or tell us? A great deal, it turns out.
A fulsome appreciation of the life and work of the world's most famous film critic.
Life Itself is not just an overview of the life and times of famous film critic Roger Ebert, but it's also, and more poignantly, an examination of death and how both its victims and survivors grapple with it.
James cuts - as in all of his best work - straight to the human heart of the matter, celebrating both the writer and the man, the one inseparable from the other, largely in Ebert's own words.

@highlight

Rich in detail and warmly affectionate, Life Itself offers a joyful yet poignant tribute to a critical cinematic legacy.