even with apparent lack of objectivity, LUTHER proves to be more interesting and more accurate depiction of history than anything recently produced by Hollywood
Interessante por natureza (o tema é fascinante), o filme perde pontos pela frieza da narrativa e por simplificar idéias e alguns acontecimentos fundamentais na vida de Lutero.
It glosses over the brilliant monk's dark side and ignores his prejudices completely.
Luther is rarely presented as anything other than a preacher. He preaches even in casual conversation.
An effective history lesson, but not nearly riveting enough to be as entertaining as it is earnest.
An entertaining, well-crafted primer on one of the most important Christian leaders since Jesus Christ.
About as swashbuckling as a history lesson gets.
Luther is the textbook radical: he acts out what his contemporaries merely profess.
A few too many amateurish techniques and oversimplified confrontations hold Luther back a notch or two from greatness, and stamp it instead as entertaining Lutheran cheerleading.
There are enough sympathetic figures in the Catholic establishment (Matthieu Carriere's Cardinal Cajetan chief among them) to create some sense of historical nuance. Moreover, we get to see some warts of the Reformation.
Both as a veteran movie reviewer and long-time Lutheran, I left the theater with the feeling that "Luther" is a good movie about a great man.
Shot on 100 locations in three countries and outfitted with impressive props, costumes, art direction and medieval streets, Luther makes up for what it lacks in vigorous storytelling with such production values.
There is some valuable historical detail in the script, but Luther's philosophy is simplified and sanitized. The acting is flat and surprisingly uninvolving.
So concerned with events that it forgoes ideas, and when your subject is famous for his ideas, ignoring them is doing a great disservice.
muddies the historical facts, flatly constructs its major characters as stereotypes, and fails to entertain
Heady theological badminton, as vigorously thoughtful as it is piously historical.
Though it fails when providing a rounded history of the life of Martin Luther, it succeeds in giving viewers a little taste of the other social factors influencing things during the 16th century in Europe.
A throwback to the days when such movies as 'A Man for All Seasons' tackled big religious ideas in the context of significant historical events...
I've studied Martin Luther. Joseph Fiennes ruins him.
Luther oversimplifies history. Saying indulgences caused the Protestant Reformation is like saying slavery caused the Civil War.
Completely stealing the picture, Peter Ustinov ... is breathtakingly brilliant.
Till's movie is most notable for achieving the impossible: making Martin Luther's story into a snooze fest.
Camille Thomasson and Bart Gavigan's script is plodding and formless, with little sense of the political atmosphere in Germany at the time that saved Luther from becoming just another pile of heretic ashes.
Luther is a film that you know will end with one of those codas telling us what a profound life he led. But the movie itself just doesn't leave that kind of footprint.
It's just unfortunate that a movie about such a daring man ultimately takes few risks.
Corny and irritatingly simplistic though this fast-paced biography of 16th-century German religious reformer Martin Luther may be, it's undeniably entertaining.
Engrossing, as much for its history lesson as for its filmmaking.
For all its scope and detail, Luther fails to convey the sense of history moved by a compelling individual.
More professional and competent than inspiring.
An informative immersion in the history of both Catholic and Protestant churches, and a rather refreshing take on medieval morality.
An unholy mess.
As the film veers uncertainly between meticulous historical recapitulation and shameless hokum, it brings enough characters to populate a mini-series.
Deadly material, full of self-righteousness and devoid of balance.
After a summer of numbing mindlessness, there is something frankly refreshing about a movie that deals even superficially with as significant a figure as the rebellious 16th century theologian Martin Luther.
If this movie succeeds at anything, it's being as messy as the Reformation itself.
Luther is more educational than engaging and fine if you want to feel like you've just paid $10 to retake high school history.
... I anticipated that Luther himself would be an inspiring figure, filled with the power of his convictions. What we get is an apologetic outsider with low self-esteem, who reasons himself into a role he has little taste for.
narrative elements don't dare go beyond canonical bounds
Actor Fiennes, writers Camille Thomasson and Bart Gavigan and director Eric Till have done a laudable job of bringing this dusty historical character to life.
Curiously flat.
A sincere, well-meaning movie, but it's stilted and ponderous, all too representative of the worst failings of simplistic docudrama.
The movie is more effective when Martin Luther discovers his faith in the Church is diminished by the abuse of power he witnesses... then story loses focus and falls apart.
How do you turn historical theology into gripping cinema? According to `Luther,' haul out the fancy clothes.
Relentlessly hagiographical in its depiction of Luther distorts Catholic theology and history, consistently skewing its portrayal to put Luther in the best possible light while making his opponents seem as unreasonable as possible.
In the role of Luther, Fiennes projects just the right blend of charisma and quiet intensity to make the character come alive as both a thinker and a man of action.
Luther presents a rich and dramatic portrayal of the great religious questions that came to define the Reformation as implemented and galvanized by this Catholic professor at Wittenberg.
It's a film that dashes through much of the life and many of the works of Martin Luther without really getting at the personal or spiritual motivations for his crusade to reform the Catholic church.
For a movie about a man of ideas, Luther is pretty exciting stuff.
An entertaining history lesson.
Even with Joseph Fiennes as a visceral, intellectual Martin Luther, the latest bigscreen take on the Christian reformer proceeds like a stultifying history pageant rather than a movie with a pulse of its own.
A glossy but unimaginative dramatization of the man's life.
What diminishes the movie is its avoidance of Luther's dark side.
The film short-hands a lot of stuff, but it's gripping for a while.
Manages to make a travesty of its title subject.
What started out strong peters out in the second half, splitting it into a grab bag of little pieces with no sense of resolution.
Entertaining enough, up to a certain point.
Dark, moody, and pregnant with emotional fervor.
Luther would have been better served had the filmmakers, like Protestants, kept things simple and straightforward.
In 'Luther,' the reality of Martin Luther within sixteenth century temporal and spiritual complexity is dumbed down beyond recognition.
Though LUTHER suffers from bio-pic-itis, it is more than just a pedestrian recitation of events.
...likely to engender inspiration amidst the pews, as this biopic about the church reformer is so obviously designed to do.


@highlight

This cinematic treatment of Martin Luther's life is more dull than inspiring.