This might just be the best movie the Marvel Cineverse has cranked out yet
Captain America: The Winter Soldier is a brilliant action movie, that serves up a huge dose of wish fulfillment along with its bravura fight scenes.
All in all, Winter Soldier is a deserving entry in the Marvel universe, and much more satisfying than the majority of the solo efforts thus far.
Rogers might not have Batman's toys, Tony Stark's wisecracks or Superman's strength, but he is the most 'human'. This ranks among the finest in the superhero genre.
What can Hollywood do to save the genre? For starters, leave the city crushing to Godzilla and Michael Bay. If it can't fit in a comic book panel, it probably doesn't belong.
... a chilling, unforgettable villain Marvel can be proud of at last.
[Captain America] is a solid story of an honorable man trying to do what is right, even if he has to shake his head at the young whippersnappers he has to work with and yell at them to get off his lawn.
It resembles a giant colouring book more than a film. The outlines are already there, all you need to do is fill them in.
So all of this critical foam about how The Winter Soldier is highly political with its internet leaks and whistleblowers is just the scum on the glass after a refreshing egg cream-a leftover, a thing to wash off.
One of the smarter and more entertaining Marvel movies of the era.
The Winter Soldier isn't simply a far more competent movie than its predecessor, The First Avenger, but is perhaps the most complete and assured MCU film since Iron Man.
Once again, Captain America delivers a delightful surprise and jostles with the first Iron Man film for the title of the best Marvel movie ever.
Let's just cut to the chase: Captain America: The Winter Soldier is awesome.
Captain America: The Winter Soldier celebrates the good guy, and when combined with smart commentary, incredible action, and a wonderful sense of humor, it's the best Marvel movie so far.
Captain America: The Winter Soldier neatly and entertainingly puts into motion some big changes in the Marvel universe, while still sticking to its own charms - no easy feat, but one fit for a hero.
It knocks down a lot of the infrastructure the previous films had created, and it does so in a way that feels organic and refreshing for the Marvel world at large.
Marvel has made what amounts to the biggest-budgeted paranoid thriller of all time.
'Captain America: The Winter Soldier' delivers the superhero movie goods, but it does so with a grin and a wink, and that seems more and more like the right way to approach these things.
An excellent sequel, filled with lots of action and suspense. [Full review in Spanish]
Its heroes are weird, broken people, its villains facades of prosperity and authority, and the stakes conversely high - the fate of the world - and deeply personal.
Marvel should take what Captain America: The Winter Soldier does and use it as the rubric to follow with subsequent phases.
Screenwriters Christopher Markus and Stephen McFeely, who also wrote Captain America: The First Avenger, continue to make Cap the most interesting Avenger outside of Iron Man.
Cap might be a pumped up, costumed action hero, but in the hands of the Brothers Russo, he's also just human enough to remain interesting.
As much as I sat amused (occasionally highly amused) for 136 minutes, I never felt particularly engrossed or even all that thrilled. The stakes were too low.
This follow-up to the bionic Captain's World War II introduction in 2011's Captain America: The First Avenger hits all the right buttons as it speeds along with another dip into comic book Armageddon.
In the absence of definitive work done in our heroing couple, a pair rich in fibers but relegated to broad strokes and easy quips in this turn, most of it amounts to a fairly good spy thriller, not an ace-in-the-whole neo-superhero masterpiece.
It has a charismatic hero, inspired action choreography and Robert Redford as a living signifier of the days when Hollywood thrillers tried to make you think about stuff between shootouts. Also, it's really funny.
Unfortunately, with so many internal commitments to the franchise, this isn't a Captain America movie as much as a slice of Marvel pie in which Steve appears.
Chris Evans is back as Captain America, powered by super-serum and a sense of loss.
This is the most political, complicated Marvel movie to date.
The Winter Soldier is all-American entertainment, with a hero enlightened to the fact that while he may not be able to trust his American government's leaders, he ultimately represents not them but the American ideals of truth and justice.
For all the failings on display, the mighty Marvel machine rolls along.
Sometimes a film leaves you with a big, dumb grin on your face. The Marvel blockbuster Captain America: The Winter Soldier... is such an item.
I agree that this is an enjoyable film, but if you ask if I'm excited to see a sequel, my honest answer is it wouldn't bother me if they never made another one.
With Chris Evans charismatic as ever in the lead, and a good supporting cast, The Winter Soldier is a welcome addition to Marvel's ever-expanding canon.
The Captain America movies are well suited to mix and match time periods with a comic-book-y flair, and this one makes a neat counterpoint to the WWII fisticuffs of The First Avenger.
Winter Soldier has enough intrigue to satisfy fans and a Heat-style street battle cements it as a stand-alone thriller, albeit one which doesn't really reflect how 'winter soldiers' were 1970s' Vietnam veterans concerned about US war crimes.
...it's one of the best the genre has ever seen and takes Marvel's cinematic endeavors in a more complex, serious, and dramatic direction.
What starts as a terrific and grounded little thriller becomes less interesting as it gets less "little".
I will pay $50 to anyone who can prove that one single audience member worldwide texted "OMG, this plot is fantastic!" at any point during or after the movie.
Satisfying as a standalone adventure without sacrificing continuity ...
The best Marvel film to date explores government overreach, the real and perceived threats to national security and how true American values will always win out over false ones.
Scarlett Johansson's sassy, snarky Black Widow provides some of the film's best moments, delivering quips and backflips with equal panache.
Much better than the first in the series. In fact, it was better as action and better as social commentary. If like me you go with few expectations, you will be delighted.
"'The Winter Soldier' not only satisfies with its plentiful action scenes, it also offers some intriguing commentary on the current political and world climate, and turns out to be a sterling character piece."
...has a nice push and pull going on, between nostalgia for a time gone by and a piercing, contemporary relevance.
I salute you, 'Captain America: The Winter Soldier.'
It's a sequel with great substance and one of the finest action movies of the year.
A substantial disappointment after 2011's better-than-expected Captain America: The First Avenger...
'Winter Soldier' is a layered and paranoid espionage thriller, what you'd get if John le Carre took a stab at the superhero genre.
A solid example of meat-and-potatoes popcorn filmmaking--befitting that most meat-and-potatoes of comic book heroes.
If only the film's level of visual creativity could have been applied to the story, it might feel like a standalone success instead of merely another link in the chain.
Gives an adult tilt to the Marvel Comics world
Proving his mettle in a story with a darker tone, Captain America: The Winter Soldier is an excellent chapter in the Marvel canon.
The Winter Soldier delivers a funnier, angst-ridden Captain for our security vs. liberty-obsessed times.
the movie stabs right at the heart of the ultimate virtue for which Captain America stands--freedom--by questioning what exactly such a virtue entails and what is required to preserve it
May be the most thoughtful instance of character depth in a comic-born action extravaganza.
I'm afraid of Robert Redford.
On a fundamental level, the Russos get the character of Captain America, and this deep understanding trickles down into the film in satisfying ways.
The movie doesn't use any time in establishing an identity, because it is obsessed with the thrill.
Yet another super-sized serving of superhero cinematic sponge cake... this follow-up really feels like bloated franchise filler.
A great addition to the Marvel heroes family, (this) is another testament to the powers that be at Marvel Studios know that anything worth doing is worth doing well!
Chris Evans has grown significantly in his role since The Avengers, and he's far more appealing here, going for the same kind of charming, simple quality that Christopher Reeve had in the Superman movies.
It's politically contentious, if not downright rambunctious. Movies like "The Parallax View" aren't being made today, yet Disney-Marvel puts it out there, blunt as ice, the state of privacy politics today.
It's hard to tell the difference between the parody and the parodied in Marvel movies; almost everything comes with a wink until Things Get Serious at the apocalyptic climax.
The unlikely directors are comedy connoisseurs Anthony and Joe Russo, working with a gargantuan Marvel/Disney support team no doubt organized on the theory that these movies have become Too Big To Fail...
Most fascinating is watching the cast's two old pros, Jackson and Redford, spark in surprising ways.
[There's] a great film that could have been made by the same people and much of the same raw material, but commercial forces obliged it to instead be just pretty good.
Black Widow is the scene stealer this time out... There's just very little than can be said against a film this well-rounded and complete... Trust no one - except Marvel.
For what it's worth, I'm looking forward to its sequel.
Follows the all-too-familiar mantra of blockbuster sequels - more of everything is better-but it can't be accused of lackluster filmmaking.
Yes, Captain America: The Winter Soldier is a great action movie -- an immensely enjoyable spy-thriller-flavored film with Bond-worthy flair (and orchestral flourishes). But first and foremost, it's also a great Captain America film.
Acaba se perdendo na necessidade de incluir elaboradas sequências de ação e de ser um "filme de super-herói" em vez de insistir na ideia de ser um filme sobre um humano que tem superpoderes.
A solid piece of blockbuster filmmaking. Would have LOVED it if I didn't walk in feeling like I've already seen it.
A mission quite accomplished for those hooked on all things Marvel.
What a ride. It is a real popcorn movie.
The best thing in the film is, in fact, its take on Captain America that makes it great, as Evans plays Cap as Jimmy Stewart on steroids...
It's one hell of a proper action thriller. A full-speed man-on-the-run story with layers of intrigue and violent stakes.
Miles beyond the great 2011 chapter. Ups the ante in storyline, character development and action, while giving a thrilling setup for future installments. It's the best of the Marvel/Avengers pantheon since The Avengers movie.
Super Fun, Super Exciting,
The Russos raise the stakes on each successive action sequence, until they arrive at [a] thundering, brutal, intensely suspenseful climax.
The film's blend of top-notch action, well-timed humor, engaging leads and cleverly resonant plot makes it a superior all-around movie than the nonsensical rollercoaster ride that was The Avengers.
A brawny blockbuster-formula movie with the brains of an espionage thriller, it recalls vintage '70s spy romps but resonates with contemporary issues.
If the original is anything to applaud, the sequel usually isn't. And even more rarely is the sequel actually better. But with this near-perfect comeback, we don't see so much of it coming, we enjoy nearly all of it and we can't ask for very much more.
There is something for everyone in this big, sprawling adventure film with political commentaries and absurd conspiracies, but there is a lot less comedy than there was in 'Thor: The Dark World,' for instance.
A spy-centric, timely, intriguing thriller.
Trust, betrayal and good ole-fashioned right and wrong lie at the heart of Marvel's latest offering.
Comic book superheroes never seem to go out of fashion, even the spandex-clad, mild-mannered, good character, patriot, old-fashioned kind like Captain America.
Captain America: The Winter Soldier is a mesmerizing superhero film that satisfies on every level. When that last snake head is chopped off, you still find yourself wanting more after 136-minutes of pure comic book superhero cinematic nirvana.
Despite all its flaws, 'The Winter Soldier' is never less than marginally watchable, even occasionally exciting. But you crave a more vibrant sense of humor.
"Captain America" is a grittier, more dangerous and darker movie than you've come to expect from the features in the Marvel franchise.
After not helming big-screen offerings for almost nine years (not since "You, Me and Dupree"), Cleveland-reared directors Anthony and Joe Russo throw in a few inspired winks to some stimulating movies from the more politically influenced past.
It imports so many cast members from The Avengers that it almost feels like the Age of Ultron is already upon us. Yet it's a credit to the scripters that their stage feels crowded but not cluttered, as every character is allowed opportunities to shine.
As weakling-turned-super-soldier Steve Rogers, Evans remains the best reason to see any movie with Captain America in it.
It's an enjoyable ride and should be good for keeping the anticipation at bay for next summers' The Avengers sequel.
The fans won't be disappointed by the lavish visual effects, the explosions and gun battles, all of which are the essential elements in this kind of super-cinema experience.
Often has something akin to the tone of a 1970s-era paranoid conspiracy thriller. Marrying the slam-bang adventure of a comic book with something more cerebral was a brilliant idea, one that is very entertainingly executed.
A movie that is, in the best sense of the word, a Marvel.
Arguably the studio's best sequel to date - a gripping and socially relevant continuation to its hero's cinematic evolution.
With two very solid entries now, the Captain America branch of the Marvel juggernaut might accidentally make patriotism cool again.
Marvel Comic junkies will be thrilled with "Captain America: The Winter Soldier".
a super hero adventure grounded in reality that works on both levels, and a genuinely suspenseful story that harks back to the best of the Cold War thrillers
A timely narrative, deep exploration of fan-favorite characters, and unforgettable action set pieces make Captain America: The Winter Soldier one of Marvel's best.
With clear parallels to post 9/11 American loss of freedoms and the use of drones, writers Christopher Markus & Stephen McFeely tackle serious issues and wrap them in an action-packed, nostalgically patriotic package.
The grittiest Marvel movie yet.
The ninth film in the ever-growing Avengers series has a slightly problematic plot, and it provides more comfort than true thrills, but is most certainly a serviceable entertainment.
"Winter Soldier" is a nod to the great espionage films of the 1970s, movies like "3 Days of the Condor" and "The Parallax View," even going so far to bridge the two by casting "Condor" star Robert Redford as shady politician Alexander Pierce.
A superior sequel that, at the very least, stands shoulder-to-shoulder with its whizbang predecessor.
The banter between Chris Evans as Rogers and Scarlett Johansson's Nathasha Romanoff is a welcome antidote to superhero gravitas syndrome.
The performers ensure all the apocalyptic sparkle feels human. Thanks to their sense of committed purpose in making it personal, Captain America transcends patriotism and hits the universal.
Beneath its comic-book action trappings, the film is about Captain America's loss of innocence. He's 93 years old, and he comes of age.
A thrill ride with interesting twists, and a scene-stealing Scarlett Johansson.
It's a plot thick with friend-foe confusion, freedom-security tradeoffs, and military-industrial complexity.
Machinery collides, mega-fighting transpires, exciting car chases and even more exuberant car crashes aim right for your face. It's loud and, lucky you, designed for maximum impact (well, a PG-13 suggestion of impact, anyway; this isn't The Raid 2).
It takes a Captain America - level super bladder to make it through the film.
Beneath the expensive, computer-generated busyness of this second Captain America installment is a bracing, old-style conspiracy thriller made extra-scary by new technology and the increasingly ugly trade-offs of a post-9/11 world.
As the film moves into its final act, it gets a little too familiar, even a bit baggy. We're reminded that at its core this franchise of films is just a bunch of aw-shucks fun.
What's really great about 'Captain America: The Winter Soldier' is that it feels like its own fully realized movie and not just a bridge to the next superhero extravaganza.
Plenty of action -- especially the rousing stuntwork -- but more of an emotional kick, too.
It wants to be serious, funny, jingoistic, independent-minded, poignant and a CGI fireworks show all at once in every scene. Even Michael Bay has a headache.
The movie's a bit overstuffed with action - even though the sequences themselves are abbreviated with staccato editing that condenses and quickens the martial-artsy fight scenes. Compensating for this is the movie's cheeky relevance.
A film that functions just as nicely as a political thriller as it does as an action movie, and which arrives as a big, loud and highly polished dose of popcorn-munching fun.
If Captain America: The Winter Soldier is indeed an augur of things to come during this special-effects-laden summer, maybe it won't be such a painful season after all.
This is the first Marvel Studios movie since the original Iron Man that really stands on its own.
The most contemplative and challenging of the Avengers movies.
In "Winter Soldier," amidst the chaos, our hero learns to be wary of the modern world. Welcome to the 21st century, Cap.
There's too much going on: the Marvel Universe stuff, the WikiLeaks-ish paranoia stuff, the video game-ish CG visual effects stuff, the epic John Woo-ish everybody-pointing-a-weapon-at-everybody-else face-off stuff.
The Winter Soldier represents the evolution of Captain America into a more complex character. He still kicks major ass and can throw that shield like a death Frisbee, but does he have enough courage to ask out the hot babe that lives next door?
The conspiracy plays out like the screenwriters read The Huffington Post after The PATRIOT Act but didn't know that TV's "Person of Interest" was already doing this.
We not only get an edgier, more complex, more compelling storyline, we get the most badass 95-year-old the world has ever known.
The movie's feel for urban warfare takes its cue, though not its severe, disturbing edge, from street-level spectacles like Heat and Ronin.
Fans of this franchise should expect more than a boilerplate action flick that brings absolutely nothing new to the genre.
Funny where it should be, exciting where it should be, smarter than it needs to be, and just plain fun.
Among comic-book films, it's up there with Batman Begins and Spider-Man 2 (the first).
Among Marvel's best.
A much-improved second outing with a few familiar faces along in his adventure.
There are too many complicated relationships and back stories of which to keep track.
Rivals Christopher Nolan's "The Dark Knight" in complexity and scope in the way it looks at real-world issues through a deceptively simple comic book aesthetic.
Marvel beautifully exploits the traditions of this genre without ever trying to extend them: This sequel is, by design, entirely absorbing and satisfying without being one whit memorable.
If we must endure yet another spring-summer cycle of comic book superheroes, this movie at least delivers the wham-bang goods (recycled though they may be).
That rarest of movie beasts - a sequel as good as the original.
I had fun. But I could have had more.
This is a sequel that easily surpasses its predecessor by turning its previously dull hero into one with unexpected but logical depth.
A film that shows great muscle through a fresh perspective but remains loyal to the elements that have made past films a hit.
Like many others of its type, [it] gets off to a kinetic start only to lose steam before blowing everything up.
By the time we've been treated to not just one, but two, mid-closing credits scenes that set up future "Avengers" movies, I was wishing they'd concentrate on telling one story capably instead of three or four not very well.
There's darkness and confusion just under its comic-book surface.
This film is unlikely to convert a non-Captain America lover into a fanatic but it's assembled with sufficient skill that those who enjoy this sort of motion picture will have a good time.
I was hoping for something special here.
The Winter Soldier will reaffirm your faith in big-budget moviemaking that can tell a politically balanced story.
A breathless mix of pointless plot twists, fight scenes filmed badly, and teasers for future projects that felt less like watching a movie than having one explained to you.
Smart, intense and action-packed, this superhero movie-as-political thriller expands the boundaries of comics-based films
Captain America: The Winter Soldier injects new life into the Marvel movie universe and the superhero genre.
"The First Avenger" was a work of art, while "The Winter Soldier" is serviceable entertainment.
A sizzling, stand-alone conspiracy that lights the fuse on the Marvel universe and actually retrofits "Iron Man 2's" clunkiest component parts.
The best kind of blockbuster comic-book movie, tweaking the brain while dazzling the eye.
With a few caveats, this is one of the smart and sassy superhero movies.
What makes "The Winter Soldier" so enjoyable ... and what will make it so profitable, is its emotional bandwidth-all the vivid, nuanced life lived by its characters in between their frenzied escapades.
The lack of green-screen laziness makes the red, white and blue workmanship pop out that much more.
Unless you're intimately familiar with the so-called Marvel universe (or you really love CG explosions), little of this will resonate.
Plot-wise, Winter Soldier makes for a more muscular movie than most Marvel-inspired mysteries.
A rousing adventure that will make devoted Captain America fans swoon while also pleasing those who met him only in the first film, but also touches on some hot-button contemporary issues.
His straightforward, human determination made 2011's Captain America: The First Avenger the best of the Avengers origin stories. The Winter Soldier, the best Marvel sequel, shows the guy's still got it.
"Captain America: The Winter Soldier" has the usual overlong running time, the half-hearted feints in the direction of human feeling and the obligatory action sequences that are big without being either exciting or particularly legible.
The Winter Soldier cheerfully and efficiently does its job doing whatever Marvel movies are meant to do -- make you look forward to the next one, I guess.
Winter Soldier fares best when the characters get to breathe a bit. Evans is both a solid team player and a terrific solo act, playing well off of both Mackie and Johansson and going a bit deeper when required.
On paper this sequel has some promising elements, but on screen it retreats from the very issues that it raises, and on a shelf next to "Captain America: The First Avenger," "The Winter Soldier" is pale.
It remains a highlight of Marvel's bid for big-screen dominance, as well as a canny meditation on the perils of overprotective government agencies blithely swapping liberty and freedom for a tenuous sense of safety in a post-9/11 world.
"The Winter Soldier" is superbly made and well-acted, neatly setting up the next few installments with just the right enticing sense of ongoing mystery.
With all the superheroes running around here, The Winter Soldier feels like a mini-Avengers movie unto itself.
"Captain America: The Winter Soldier" is a very good movie, the rare film in this genre that serves as both entry point and continuation. For a change, you can walk in cold and you won't be too lost.
The signal-to-noise ratio on "The Winter Soldier" is all messed up, and the net effect is self-canceling. I enjoyed the movie while I was watching it, or I thought I did, but all that's left is an irritating buzz.
Powered by a dynamite Evans and a first-rate cast, this movie overcomes its plot holes and 3D too-muchness by making human frailty its primary focus.
Superior to and far more enjoyable than its predecessor. (Full Content Review for Parents also Available)
Marvel Studios' answer to 'The Dark Knight' is tremendously entertaining and likely the superhero blockbuster to beat not just for 2014, but possibly many years to come.
"Captain America: The Winter Soldier" takes a flying leap off the basic premise of superhero movies and sails away in unexpected, crowd-pleasing directions.
Sometimes the Marvel universe isn't as Marvelous as we've come to expect. Might have been more enjoyable if there had been a compelling story to go along with all the sound and fury ... Nick Fury.
The First Avenger's second outing is a third-rate conspiracy thriller, but Chris Evans and company give it their all.
For those invested in the Marvel superheroes, it ranks high up there. It's not The Avengers or Iron Man, but it's better than most of the rest of them.
A fresh Marvel adventure that stands high above its predecessor and even surpasses "The Avengers" in its technique and execution.
Sometimes, the biggest heroes don't need to bash the bad guys. They need only stand up and say 'this isn't right.'
Though Captain America: The Winter Soldier never strays far from preposterousness, the picture's real-world implications give its high-flying action at least a tug of gravity.
Not only a big action movie, this one is a game-changer in the Marvel saga as well as meditation on what American ideals mean in the modern world.
The movie does its duty. It's a reliable commodity, delivered efficiently and well, like pizza.
The Winter Soldier is no labored treatise on political science; it fulfills all the expectations of a Marvel movie. But this time the danger doesn't emanate from a fantasy villain like Neutron or an imaginary realm like Asgard.
"Captain America" is everything a big budget superhero film should be - except inspired.
There is the feeling that the expansive world of this ongoing Marvel saga is no longer spinning its wheels, but headed somewhere potentially fresh and exciting.
In this spectacularly entertaining sequel, Rogers is still running, jumping, and chucking his mighty shield like it's 1945. But now he's doing so with the weariness and distrust of historical hindsight.
Kudos to the Russos and screenwriters Christopher Markus and Stephen McFeely for stepping outside the constraints of both the genre and the shared history.
Captain America: The Winter Soldier is the first superhero film since the terrorist-inflected The Dark Knight that plugs you right into what's happening now.
Fight scenes are tense, though occasionally it's hard to tell who's doing what to whom. But they have the bone-crunching crack of realism sometimes lacking in comic book movies.
Some of the subterfuge - who's trustworthy and who isn't - is relatively easy to mentally unravel, but thick tension and uncertainty remains the default mode of Captain America: The Winter Soldier.
In his third outing as the Captain, Evans seems totally comfortable in the role. He manages to convey his character's goodness without making him seem like a self-righteous stiff.
The most effective standalone Marvel movie since the first Iron Man, and the most consistently entertaining since The Avengers.
The first Marvel film in forever that doesn't climax with our heroes mowing down a generic horde of non-human nobodies.
Like Three Days of the Condor and The Bourne Identity jacked up on super serum
Despite one or two moments of Venture Brothers-worthy fancy, the film is as by-the-numbers as any this series has ever offered.
It may not offer anything new to the Marvel universe, but like the other films, it's highly entertaining and a lot of fun, making it worth the two-hour investment.
Even with a little surplus noise, it's impossible to break the spirit of this immensely appealing sequel, which finally finds a rhythm that works for the hero, testing his ideals and his strength with equal vigor.
The people who made Captain America: The Winter Soldier, including the directors Anthony and Joe Russo, understood their calmly uncomplicated hero better than the people who made Man of Steel understood the similarly square Superman.
The new movie is surprising. It's rambunctious, funny, complex and engaging at the level of ideas.
Apart from slipping in a Danny Pudi cameo, [directors Anthony and Joe Russo] keep things funny and character driven. They even file gratuitous shout-outs to Marvin Gaye's 'Trouble Man' soundtrack.
The combination of spectacular stunts and characters with honest human qualities, makes 'The Winter Solider' more than a thrill, but also a story you can believe in.
As far as sequels besting original titles go, Captain America: The Winter Soldier makes The First Avenger look like that silly Cap adaptation from 1990.
"The Winter Soldier" goes down a slightly darker path than most Marvel movies, without sacrificing the studio's big-grin vibe. It's pop with a little soul underneath.
A great international thriller, it engages the world at large yet stays focused as a sharp cast led by Scarlett Johansson, Anthony Mackie and Robert Redford support the star-spangled main man.
Deeply mediocre and ultra-predictable ...
While ''The Winter Soldier'' succeeds as finely engineered merchandise built to be crowd-pleasing entertainment, for moviegoers and shareholder alike, it has a shelf life that won't last much past its running time.
Despite some of its more rickety story elements...possibly the [Marvel] studio's best action film and the one most able to stand on its own since the original "Iron Man."
The Winter Soldier features an unusually complex plot for a comic book flick, and a where-to-go-from-here conclusion bating fanboys' breath. Not everything's clockwork but ambition counts for something.
While Evans is still great in the role and it's nice that this superhero film is actually "about something," it lacks the heart of "Captain America" and the humor of "The Avengers."
This is a genuine delight, a smart film without so much of the CG filler these movies can often contain.
[...] The Winter Soldier smartly integrates a crisply orchestrated Marvel action movie with the paranoid thrillers of the 1970s, which were pegged to a mistrust of government and the shadow organizations that orbit it.
Despite numerous, potentially dangerous traps, the film always remains conscious of its pop-cultural vibe and handles it skillfully.
Jettisons the primary-color innocence of the original film for a sinister tale of conspiracy and intrigue. It's exactly what the series needed.
At almost two-and-a-half hours, it's easily an hour too long...Too much of the first two hours, unfortunately, is dedicated to action scenes that are merely gunplay.
The movie has many quiet, insightful moments that lend gravity to the situation, as well as some clever fish-out-of-water character definition.
It advances the story and respects mythos of its comic book creations, yet isn't averse to taking risks and moving it into bolder directions.
The new franchise effort from Marvel charges through hyperkinetic chases and combat, though with slightly less finesse than its predecessor, "Captain America: The First Avenger."
Perfect paced, ingeniously scripted, and constantly compelling, Captain America: The Winter Soldier is, first and foremost, a top-tier thriller...which just happens to have a superhero in the middle of the action.
I'm no comic or Marvel fanboy, but this is magnificent and wondrous entertainment.
I'm not saying that Captain America 2 is crap. But I don't see how anyone can claim that it is much better than a Very Special Episode of Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D.
As Marvel Studios grows in confidence and experience, it's prepared to test its audience with greater forays into adult territory: movie's unapologetically targeted at their loyal readership.
Those in search of eye-popping, cliff-hanging spectacle won't be disappointed, but on a personal level (and post credits sequences aside) Joss Whedon this ain't.
Captain America: The Winter Soldier sees the talent (rookies or veterans) assembled firing on all cylinders, significantly upping the stake for the next phase of the MCU and showing why we still need "a little old fashioned."
High energy martial arts choreography and humour by way of slick one-liners are in plentiful supply too, and as expected, the film is non-stop dizzying action designed to propel teenage boys into comic-book heaven
When the film's true nature is revealed, it's compelling, thought-provoking stuff.
For the most part, however, The Winter Soldier - though never as agreeably dusty as The First Avenger - tips its shield to older, less digitally engorged schools of suspense cinema.
A flair-free, CGI-action-packed sequel that solidly delivers regular set-pieces and punch-ups alongside a thoughtful script that tosses Homeland fans a bone.
The plotting is purposeful and the writing tidy ... It's become a series about how someone who only wanted to serve must eventually claim independence.
Chris Evans is a perfect fit for the Captain America role -- charming, square-jawed, and witty rather than giddy, he provides a solid anchor for the other characters to fly around.
From Scarlett Johansson's wonderfully sultry femme fatale Black Widow to Robert Redford's self-satisfied politician and Samuel L Jackson's tough and sardonic Nick Fury, the film benefits from performances that combine camp with conviction.
This is the Marvel movie that divides the fans from the casual filmgoers, as the movies become more like a TV series in which the world is saved from disaster every week.
Marvel fans will be left writhing with pleasure.
It is an exhilarating ride, expertly overseen by co-directors Anthony and Joe Russo.
The Marvel faithful will turn up for the action scenes, and the directors, brothers Anthony and Joe Russo, add an uncommon sharpness to sequences of urban warfare -- these Heat-grade bullet volleys have a real ping to them.
This sequel fully displays the exciting power that Marvel's Phase Two is capable of.
Thanks to Johansson, Jackson and Redford, this is all good fun. It's a shame the weak link is the Captain himself.
The Winter Soldier offers plenty for franchise fanatics to chew on, but a half-baked genre switch and increasingly daft 'political' themes make Cap's transitional adventure a minor Marvel at best.
Robert Redford, laying aside Mr Liberal Sundance Nice Guy, lends sleek mischief to a dodgy Washington power-broker. Elsewhere, it's the box-office blend as before.
The result is a blockbuster with a brain and a superhero movie that feels ripped not from a comic book so much as today's headlines.
The Winter Soldier is consistently engaging, exciting in bursts, but there's not one point in which the film ever excels.
It's a spectacularly violent move into Bourne territory, with enhanced super-soldiers kicking the ever-livin' daylights out of each other over what freedom really means.
It falls short of being a masterpiece because it uses ideas from the real world to say something about its fictional characters, when it had the potential to use its fictional characters to say something about the real world.
It may climax with an overly formulaic splurge, but The Winter Soldier benefits from an old-school-thriller tone that, for its first half at least, distinguishes it from its more obviously superheroic Marvel cousins.
Chris Evans' welcome return to the superhero fold can't save this sequel from feeling like an awkward franchise mid-point.
It boasts the best of Marvel's knowing wit and and one-liners, the grandest flex of its big-dollar action muscle, and crucially, some of the boldest plot developments yet seen in its cinematic canon.
The Winter Soldier (admittedly, the best of a recent batch) feels thoroughly unremarkable. That's what happens when you get too much of a just-okay thing.
Fundamentally, this is a superhero movie with something to say. In fact it's the first Marvel entry with a truly topical sting.
Marvel understands that throwing moral mud at Captain America is exactly what makes his red, white and blue costume all the brighter.
Be prepared for a game changer!
The Winter Soldier isn't overly existential, but the way it teases at those deeper questions allows Evans to give his performance a welcome bit of shading.
Stuns me with its scathing commentary on what is happening in the real world today, wrapped up in what is some of the most delicious, most comic-booky fantasy ever.
The second Captain America movie is a terrific, stand-alone thriller that delivers exciting action sequences and engaging characters wrapped up in a satisfying and cleverly resonant plot.
The most interesting Avengers film yet.
Captain America: The Winter Soldier is not a flawless picture, but its portrayal of heroism comes incredibly close to perfection.
It chooses to avoid the easy gags and go for stronger drama by having Cap confront something he really wasn't prepared for: A S.H.I.E.L.D. that seems to have lost its way, and may even have a few traitors buried deep inside it.
The film is everything anyone could want from a comic book movie, and will stand as one of the best of all time.
... the best action film out of the entire Marvel movie universe so far, bar none.
A tug-of-war between grit and goof
Exactly what we expect from Marvel now and, as such, this is the first film in its catalogue that doesn't feel particularly fresh or exciting.
"While reasonably engaging throughout, the film can't maintain the highs."
A template-specific movie experience that impresses without engaging, The Russo Brother's tentpole debut serves its master - the 'Marvel Movie Empire' - as diligently as the titular hero serves his homeland.
The ninth installment in the Marvel cinematic universe, Captain America: The Winter Soldier is also perhaps its most intricately crafted.
With a string of gratifying action sequences, and a breakneck pace leavened by a frequently witty script, The Winter Soldier stands alone as a solidly entertaining blockbuster.
You can't help but feel disappointment that a film with a relatively spicy premise becomes, in the end, so risk-averse.
This sequel gives the flagging comic-book movie an adrenaline shot of relevance. You've got to hand it to them.
Takes the bold (for Marvel) step of reducing CGI spectacle to a relative minimum in favor of reviving the pleasures of hard-driving old-school action, surprising character development and intriguing suspense.
To that end, make sure you stay watching through the credits. Captain's orders.
Despite featuring three Avengers in lead roles, Captain America: The Winter Soldier feels tonally distinct from its Marvel forerunners, more spy thriller than superhero sequel.
Bounds along excitingly, keeping viewers guessing, launching some successful switcheroos and bringing real stakes to the game. The end results should reverberate throughout the big- and small-screen Avengers universe.
Gains huge points by working as a standalone movie set in the world of espionage and world politics, different enough from previous Marvel movies to be more accessible for non-comic fans than anything Marvel's done thus far.
Captain America: The Winter Soldier delivers big-time in terms of thrills and entertainment and should deliver hefty returns as one of the first genuine tent-pole releases of the year.
This entry won't win any new converts, but anyone already invested in this series is going to have a blast.
Chockfull of the breathless cliffhangers dictated by the genre, but equally rich in the quiet, tender character moments that made the first film unique among recent Marvel fare ...
Every element in Captain America: The Winter Soldier from its strong characters, engrossing conspiracy storyline and especially the taut action scenes are brilliantly done.

@highlight

Suspenseful and politically astute, Captain America: The Winter Soldier is a superior entry in the Avengers canon and is sure to thrill Marvel diehards.