One of those movies that thinks loud sounds and shaky cameras account for scares, and reminding of us of truly scary gaming experiences only amplifies its weaknesses.
There's a gothic backstory to all this, which makes no sense but looks pretty cool.
If Stay Alive teaches us anything, it's that videogames and horror films do not mix...at least in the same movie.
...a little needless brutality would've almost certainly elevated the proceedings, albeit temporarily...
Yeah, the plot sounds like utter nonsense, but it's fun.
click to read full review [Greek]
- Aspirante a Terror em Silent Hill (jogo e filme) que, repleto de clichês e personagens caricaturais, revela-se apenas cansativo e previsível.
...if the filmmakers could have dispensed with the actors and plot altogether, they might have had a better movie.
This movie has a nostalgic retro feel to it, like the old Universal horror movies that we now find very funny. But alas, where are all the drive-in theaters to show it in?
Never has a title been more horribly at odds with the way you're actually going to feel while watching the movie.
A cool idea rapidly falls apart. A completely missed opportunity.
Something of a disappointment and nowhere near as scary as The Ring, which it rips off shamelessly.
Stuttering like a busted console, the film's lack of invention is only rivalled by a paucity of gore which will seem positively comical to gamers long since inured to cyberspace slaughter.
... while its narrative style -- elliptical, fragmented, even eccentric at times -- is ambitious and imaginative, it sometimes makes for a loss of clarity and momentum.
A lack of logic infects this film like a virus.
The dialogue seldom rises above the level of twaddle -- unspeakable in every sense of the word.
If any of these characters were halfway decent gamers (or even hackers), their problems would be solved
Implausibly tedious, Stay Alive has none of the vicarious thrills of, say, Konami's Silent Hill 2. It's barely even Pong unplugged.
Never mind staying alive. You'd be doing well to simply stay awake through all 85 interminably inert minutes of Stay Alive.
The filmmakers are so at a loss for fresh ways to shock that they even dredge up the twitchy, girl-with-hair-hanging-in-her-face trick from The Ring and The Grudge.
The bloody 16th Century saga of Hungary's Countess Elizabeth Bathory is transported to pre-Katrina New Orleans in this occasionally spooky but cheap and inconsequential thriller.
Boring!!!
Seriously, Bell, answer me something: does the game kill you when you die on the game? Does the game kill you because you have it in your possession? Or does the game kill you period because you played it? Which is it?
Since the director and co-writer William Brent Bell does little to contrast the contrived and mechanical horror of the game with the mounting horror of the story, we can't invest much sympathy in the plight of the characters.
Ridiculous and then some, STAY ALIVE offers the usual slasher movie set-up: young people making one wrong decision after another.
A typical offering in the PG-13 horror-movie genre, "Stay Alive" won't surprise anybody, especially the young demographic toward which it is aimed.
Teen fodder like this isn't known for sophistication or storytelling depth, but the filmmakers seem to take the film's video-game theme as permission to eschew even the horror genre's exceedingly lenient minimums for characterization.
Really silly, but there's nothing inherently unlikable about the movie's silliness.
Videogames are no longer brainless, so why are videogame movies so slow to evolve?
An anemic attempt to update the horror genre's imperiled-teens-meet-bloodletting-uber-fiend substratum.
It's unlikely that Stay Alive could ever have been a good movie in the traditional sense, but it might have been better if Bell and co-writer Matthew Peterman had done more to exploit their gaming premise.
It's too tame to be scary and too silly to take seriously. What it does seriously is waste time, which is fine if you really don't have anything better to do, like, say, count cracks in the sidewalk.
Perhaps the worst horror film to not have Uwe Boll's name in the credits.
The star of Stay Alive is a cutting-edge video game, but the film still has hackneyed horror at its heart.
This movie will bore you to death
A notion of an outline of a rough draft of a killer video-game flick.
There's a fascinating and terrifying story to be told about Elizabeth Bathory, the dramatically depraved 17th century sadist known as the Blood Countess. This ain't it.
Maybe video games really do rot the mind.
Here's a movie that tries to be a video game but is less entertaining than a vending machine.
This is a cool/potentially creepy idea only if you're in high school and goofing around with your friends at the movie theater. For everyone else, this isn't just a preposterous premise for a horror movie, it's a source of unintentional hilarity.
The hybrid of cyber antics and bayou creepiness doesn't quite jell, but it all ends bloodily, and in an efficient 85 minutes, too. I'm not complaining.
With all the gamer product endorsements (Alienware, PS2), you'd think they could afford someone to write a better ending for a decent idea.
makes minimal sense, displays minimal style, and provides minimal entertainment
It's all too predictable, so where's the suspense?
This week's stupid but harmless PG-13 cookie-cutter horror film.
This game is so over.
A complete cinematic joke.
While the plot device is quite innovative, the execution remains pretty true to the PG-13 thriller formula.
The movie equivalent of junk food: It's not good, but it's predictable and even satisfying, in a low-expectations way.
Dead on arrival.
It's a test of endurance few will survive.
What will terrify the audience very early on is the realization that there's better acting in the video game than on the big screen.
It's amazing how little Stay Alive actually knows about the videogame culture in which its terror-lite tale is set.
Debuting director William Brent Bell, who wrote the script with producer Matthew Peterman, keeps the pace brisk and the pot bubbling.
Despite its title, this would-be thriller...is definitely D.O.A. Stay Alive? More to the point, stay away.
Stay Alive isn't a total wash if you're looking to kill a Saturday afternoon or night if you get off on hearing little kids scream.
Stay Alive consistently proves itself to be the most idiotic film this year that wasn't directed by Uwe Boll.


@highlight

A by-the-numbers teen horror flick, Stay Alive fails to exploit its premise for any real scares.