You'll forget about this one while you're still watching it.
An amusing if slight look at the grooming, preening and stylistic ways of the 21st century man.
Reality TV lacks Spurlock's sly willingness to let the eccentric explain themselves, rather than letting them appear foolish. It's not deep, but then, it's about vanity.
Spurlock seems to be wholeheartedly interested in the motivating factors behind manscaping and other choices men make about their appearances.
Just because the film's subject is surfaces doesn't mean it only warrants a slight, surface treatment.
Mansome is arguably [Spurlock's] most insignificant, lightweight effort to date. Never mind that it doesn't provide any answers; it barely even asks a question.
It's more first-person journal and travelogue than it is cultural archaeology, and as such it's basically OK.
A lighthearted and entertaining, but ultimately inconsequential look at masculine identity as seen through the varied grooming habits of the modern male.
The one thing I want to do after watching this movie is to look up the product Fresh Balls. Yes! It does exactly what the product is called. That sounds awesome!
You get a feeling of haste from this film, as if Spurlock...is onto something, but maybe doesn't have the time or patience to stick with it to widen his approach and find sharper people to sharpen his material.
Too often the film just feels repetitive or irrelevant.
As a documentary dissertation on all that it means to be male in the modern world, you'd be better off investing in the complete works of Ernest Hemingway and watching a few Samuel Fuller and/or John Milius films.
A shallow, disposal trifle about beards and waxing: the People magazine version of anthropology.
There's no real center to the film's potentially insightful topic, with Spurlock never zeroing in on a cohesive message.
As documentaries go, this is lip gloss.
The movie purports to be a lighthearted look at changing notions of masculinity and appearance. But unless you find something intrinsically hilarious about a man getting a pedicure, laughs are scarce.
Mansome is a mullet ... neither all-out funny nor seriously thought-provoking. To mangle that famous quote by Gertrude Stein: 'There is no hair there.'
There are a few chuckles, a few head-scratches and, thankfully, very few missteps. It charms.
This complete waste of 82 minutes finds documentarian Morgan Spurlock taking a look at current trends in men's grooming, featuring interviews with a random sampling of people who have no idea what they're talking about - but they're famous.
Mansome's crowning achievement is its title.
It feels like a bunch of television segments slapped together, with sparing use of Mr. Spurlock himself.
Spurlock certainly gets points for, well, fresh territory.
It does not shed much light on the topic it's nominally interested in.
In terms of laughs 'Mansome' is thinner than the hair on a bald man's scalp.
Morgan Spurlock's latest nonthreatening documentary fails to find much point in its subject: men's grooming.
It's a movie so late in noticing a shift in American male grooming that for a documentary on the subject to work, Spurlock would either have to pitch it to our grandparents (or be a grandparent) or trace the arc of the shift and unpack it.
Spurlock's glib, drive-by look at the recent trends in male grooming and fashion.
A skin-deep look at the state of contemporary masculinity.
A very funny doc done for the sake of entertainment rather than something particularly deep or poignant.
Morgan Spurlock evidently forgot that he was making a documentary, not a celeb hangout session.
A time-waster that lives down to its title.
The sociological commentary and historical perspectives are superficial at best and the targets often too easy.
The best thing about the movie is that it keeps drawing conclusions in opposite directions.
A frustratingly frothy film that says nothing about its subject.
While making a priority of squeezing in every usable bit of celebrity face-time, Mansome passes by potentially interesting digressions without more than a wayward glance.
It's a cute enough, au courant idea, though the Spurlock matrix of interviews plus graphics is wearing a little thin, the probes less probing.

@highlight

Mansome is a threadbare documentary with little insight into modern male maintenance, with useless celebrity interviews padding an already slim runtime.