The movie's strength is in its conception of Michel and Zampa, who develop a destructive rivalry, rooted in their mutual determination to prove their superiority.
Not just a strong likeness of Michel, Jean Dujardin has the right over-sized presence for the honest Magistrate.
It's familiar. We see the tale unfolding before our eyes from the beginning. But that doesn't make it any less enjoyable. It's a fast-paced story, confidently told.
Excels at playing with expected genre conventions and crime story boilerplate to shrink a globe-trotting incident down to, essentially, a strategic game of cat and mouse.
Jimenez hasn't exactly broken the period-crime-thriller mold, but he's built a solid entertainment, with techniques well absorbed from the American movie tradition.
Dujardin and Lellouche are great here.
Dujardin won an Oscar a few years ago without saying a word. He tops that performance here.
Cédric Jimenez has clearly studied the Scorsese playbook. There's much of the same fluidity of storytelling here, the same rich, jewel-like colours, the same glamorous setting and crime-fuelled hedonism. But he isn't just another wannabe.
A byzantine, if ultimately conventional, heroic tale that feels like a guided tour down a familiar alley.
There is ample photographic evidence that the '70s were not, in fact, the best-looking, coolest decade ever. But you wouldn't know it from watching The Connection.
Jimenez's effort is great, and the fact it was shot entirely on actual film gives it a grit that harks back to the time period in which it is set.
It feels like a throwback to some classic crime stories, but it will remind you of movies that are better than it is.
(It) has nothing new or original to show us. But the film is a success for its clear and functional presentation of an absorbing crime story.
It's a bit horse and buggy for a movie about horse, but "The Connection" delivers a mild buzz.
Jean Dujardin and Gilles Lellouche are terrific in this 1970s-era French mob drama.
Despite familiar elements ... "The Connection" remains tense and believable.
It's a stylish affair, very solidly made if not exactly breaking new ground in our understanding of events or in the way the movies depict them.
Oscar-winner Jean Dujardin stars in this serious and stylish French angle on "The French Connection."
Have you ever opened a brand new bag of flour and eaten it plain by the handful? That's what The Connection feels like and that's the impression director Cedric Jimenez has left us with; a crime film that's as thrilling as a bag of flour.
As true-life crime saga go, The Connection admittedly taps out a swift, violent rhythm, and the sunny locations conjure up a Mediterranean cesspool.
It may prove too slow for some and the meandering can be a little maddening, but overall it's worth the effort.
It starts with gunshots - a Mercedes and its driver are riddled by motorcycle-riding assassins in broad daylight - and the pace of "The Connection" is bang-bang brisk most of the rest of the way.
It is a modern look at a real life crime drama that took place four decades ago and gives it life in the new millennium.
It's an overlong, subdued, and generally bland affair, trading Friedkin's of-the-moment urgency for stale period details and technique that borrows from Martin Scorsese and Michael Mann.
While the story lacks focus here and there, the film never feels overplayed. It's a work of bloody style and solid substance.
"The Connection" isn't all that different from a lot of police procedurals that have come before, but there's something about this particular gritty true-crime story that still fascinates all these years later.
Influenced by American cinema, "The Connection" has the directorial muscle to connect the dots on routine material, finding a steady thriller beat and strong performances.
It's all a bit joyless and over-decorated, and the terrific Céline Sallette, from TV's The Returned, has little to do but fret on the sidelines.
While the script bogs down in procedural elements and suffers from an abundance of clichés, the two charismatic stars make compelling adversaries.
A solid, respectable police procedural [about] the same criminal enterprise as 'The French Connection,' but it's not in the same league as Friedkin's film.
With supercool 70s chic and a smart crime thriller vibe, this is a welcome throwback to action dramas of the past, before they chose spectacle over story.
What it lacks in originality and smarts it makes up for in excitement.
Gangster movies should not be mildly interesting.
Despite sympathetic performances from the two main players, this sprawling crime epic delivers barely enough tension to hold the interest to the end.
The Connection is a genre exercise by a director finding his feet - slick, sure, but lacking Heat's taut set pieces and the De Niro-Pacino star wattage.
It's the level of detail that most impresses, the painstaking attention the filmmakers have paid to recreating 1970s France and to explaining just how far Zampa's criminal network extended.
A gripping and stylish French thriller set among mafia mobsters in Marseilles.
If its shape and trajectory are quickly mapped out, Jimenez hauls in punchy story and character beats ...
Riveting from its first moments, "The Connection" is fascinating in its presentation of character, as well as for its glimpse into the workings of an international drug empire and into the ways an imaginative cop found to chip at its power.
There are many pleasures to be found in The Connection, although they are comfortable and well-worn.
At times it feels like money for old tropes but Dujardin is a likeable lead who shows he can do more than just ooze charm as he starts to crack the case at the expense of even bigger fissures in his family life.
There are no elaborate car chases or dizzyingly choreographed shootouts. Yet it's nonetheless a compelling portrait of two men in a specific time and place.
Sports the most schnozz-tacular array of craggy-faced macho men this side of Easter Island.
In their couple of scenes together, Dujardin and Lellouche, light and dark but so alike, make the screen crackle with their intensity.
For all the charisma of its hero and villain, it falls down on its failure to resist cliché.
There's a lot for genre fans to like, from Dujardin's winning central performance to an eclectic soundtrack that sets a montage of street crime to Al Wilson's classic song 'The Snake'.
It creates a world and pulls you in only to remind you at the end that this warm, sunny fantasy is actually the cold, dark world called reality.
A common problem in crime-centric movies: The bad guys are almost always more fascinating than the good guys... Dujardin's bull-necked, hard-charging performance makes Pierre a worthy adversary.
The Connection plods along, unable to find its pace, stuck somewhere in the middle of the straightest line between the movie it madly wants to be, and the movie it just sort of is.
Jimenez's sprawling cat-and-mouse thriller loses momentum and focus in the homestretch, but until then its '70s sun-and-sin-on-the-Côte d'Azur vibe is electric.
While the results inevitably pale in comparison to "The French Connection"-which could be said about virtually every other film currently in release-they do make for an above-average work that offers viewers a new perspective on a familiar story.
The film feels utterly infatuated by the cop/crook dividing line long-since drawn, if not flogged, by Michael Mann.
Despite the pedestrian screenplay (by Jimenez and Audrey Diwan), Dujardin and Lellouche are magnetic performers who slip easily into their antagonistic roles.
How can you dislike a film that signals a killing with "Bang Bang" and a villain with "The Snake"?
The Dujardin who emerges in The Connection isn't the cartoon Frenchman of popular imagination, but an earnest, driven magistrate who exerts a different kind of confidence.
This is a work many cuts above the norm, with the leads resonating on several levels and supporting talent, settings and period as authentic as Marseillaise bouillabaisse.
Jimenez, making his second feature, fails to provide the regular jolts of electricity this material needs.
Although all the pieces form a tidy little puzzle, the end result has about as much impact as spending two hours assembling a picture out of colored cardboard.
THE CONNECTION is a well made, but ultimately generic and predictable crime drama that never manages to rise above its influences.
The film is engaging, propulsive, cut with rare brio, chockablock with consummate tough-guy business.
The Connection is like watching 135 minutes of homage trailers. It's like an extended cut of Spike Jonze's music video for "Sabotage" by the Beastie Boys.
The Connection might seem like a simple cops vs. gangsters story, but Cédric Jimenez's attention to humanistic detail allows for a more weighty and emotional watch versus those films that only focus on shoot-outs and stereotypes.
A stirring performance against type by Jean Dujardin as a nails-tough magistrate helps make this a riveting police drama.
Jimenez has certainly chosen the best mob flicks to emulate, but The Connection works best when charting its own course.
[T]here's little in the French film to distinguish it from more superfluous genre flicks...
Jimenez adopts a vintage-kitsch sensibility, taking a disappointingly generic approach to his hard-to-follow narrative.
"The Connection" feels at best like a cover version of the classic American crime films of the 1970s, and at worst like so much glossily mounted karaoke.
A very compelling true crime tale. Like the flipside of THE FRENCH CONNECTION.
A procedural epic whose complicated narrative is propelled by visceral action sequences and an unusually thrilling soundtrack.
Given that the only real enjoyment for The Connection is its connection to Friedkin's epic films (let's not forget the under-loved sequel), this examination of the Marseille heroin lords, with their political and police corruption, is entirely redundant.
A fascinating true-crime story gets a flat, formulaic treatment in The Connection. Where's the jolting, no-holds-barred energy of Popeye Doyle when you need it?

@highlight

The Connection doesn't do itself any favors by forcing comparisons to The French Connection , but it's a reasonably entertaining thriller in its own right.