A powerful statement about how in a country of "democracy," the peace keepers are deemed the most dangerous to civilization...
An excellent documentary in charting how celebrities can use their public status for good, especially if they have the guts to turn their backs on what made them famous for a greater good.
The breadth of interviews was quite good, and the film goes to great pains to situate Lennon within the wider political framework of the day. Everyone from G. Gordon Liddy to Geraldo are trotted out to either decry or justify the treatment that the Nixon
%u03B7 %u03C0%u03C1%u03BF%u03C3%u03C0%u03AC%u03B8%u03B5%u03B9%u03B1 %u03B1%u03C1%u03BA%u03B5%u03AF%u03C4%u03B1%u03B9 %u03C3%u03C4%u03B7%u03BD %u03AC%u03C8%u03BF%u03B3%u03B7 %u03C0%u03B1%u03C1%u03B1%u03B3%u03C9%u03B3%u03AE %u03C4%u03B7%u03C2, %u03C4%u03BF%
It's as gripping as any thriller and as moving as any drama with the added fascination of the unfathomable relationship between John and Yoko.
Um belíssimo documentário que nos faz lembrar de que, por ter existido, John Lennon fez deste um mundo melhor.
An entertaining, lightweight (sometimes too much so) documentary about Lennon's deportation case
If anything this film proves that song can have more impact than a little toe tapping and tub-thumping.
...though I was familiar with the songs, I never really understood the message. I do now.
What promises to be a provocative account of the late Beatle's involvement with the American underground delivers precious little in this Yoko-approved documentary.
By the time The U.S. vs. John Lennon is done, the filmmakers have reinforced the sense that pop music once produced prophets, as well as profits.
Lennon's spirit, like his music, shines through this movie like a beacon.
An engaging and informative film about the period in the life of the former Beatle during which he emerged as a political activist and, consequently, a thorn in the side of the Nixon administration.
Looking back, the Nixon administration's muddling seems almost comically inept, except that, much like today, the costs are so unspeakably high.
The film draws upon news footage, old song recordings and interviews with his friends to craft a portrait in immense, rewarding detail.
It serves as a primer for what Lennon was and what he believed and what he did.
The film paints with swaggeringly broad strokes, the basic thesis being Lennon = good, government = bad.
It's well worth taking a look at how a fascist-like government operates in America.
In any case, evidence of Lennon's weaknesses, as an artist or a human being, in no way undermines the value of his work, nor the argument against bureaucrats fighting secretly against him.
The movie features a wide array of interview subjects - but, thankfully, the most passionate voice is Lennon's.
The film is not completely satisfying, though it's probably required viewing for anyone who considers himself a fan of the man and his music.
'Give Peace a Chance' is hardly Lennon's best song, but heard again in the context of the war in Iraq, both the song and the Lennon-Ono Christmas billboards that proclaimed 'War Is Over (If You Want It)' seem more necessary than naive.
Humanizing Lennon to those who might find the man a bit inaccessible, and adding the word 'courage' to his long list of positive attributes.
In addition to listening to Lennon's music, I discovered so many new angles to important events that helped to shape pop culture and political policies of the 1960s and 70s and some that may need to be revisited today.
The US vs. John Lennon wears its heart on its sleeve as it, mostly, presents one side of the battle between warmongers and peaceniks.
Offers a stark reminder of a time when a rock musician could be considered subversive enough to warrant wiretaps and surveillance.
Never fails to engage. It's well-paced and chock-full of interesting tidbits.
Not only a telling indictment of what can happen when fear meets dissent; it is an affecting portrait of an artist at the height of his curiosity.
A spirited, often acidic flashback of the roiling 1960s, backed up with eclectic interviews, Lennon songs and vivid archival footage.
A solid but unremarkable piece...will be more at home on the tube.
A refresher course in the perils of celebrity and activism, but its syllabus and insights are purely remedial.
...all pro and no con, a terrific piece of entertainment for fans of Lennon but a poor examination of its titular subject and its current day ramifications.
None of the information presented here will surprise anyone who either lived through or has studied the era, but The U.S. vs. John Lennon does have the advantage of showing how art affects politics and vice versa.
Documentarians David Leaf and John Scheinfeld go beyond the usual glibness, revealing a much fuller portrait of the man.
Though Lennon's commitment to a peaceful world is vivid and unquestionable, The U.S. vs. John Lennon ultimately emerges as a picture of a different kind of commitment: a love story.
Concentrates on Lennon's post-Beatles years, in which he did a lot of great work that's overlooked today, and it's good to have a lot shown on that period.
The clips of Lennon and Ono (who appears as one of the present-day talking heads, and a most thoughtful one, at that) are every one of them fascinating.
Officially endorsed by Lennon's widow, the film gains considerable credibility and flavor from her interviews, rare footage from the family archives (they documented everything), and especially the inclusion of more than three dozen Lennon songs.
Lennon's story is so remarkable and the footage assembled here so fresh and fascinating that the film engrosses despite its formal failings.
Whatever the motives behind it, this is a well-made and entertaining film, crammed with enough previously unseen footage to give any Beatles diehard a large charge.
However successful it is in making its point, The U.S. vs. John Lennon works best as doughy comfort food for Boomers, with input and music from practically everybody whose name was ever associated with the Vietnam era.
The film's first half has zero to do with its title, and its second half digs up familiar turf.
The aim may be laudable, but nothing gets hit except some awfully tired targets. And fatigue doesn't resonate.
Entertaining, and a history lesson in hysteria (both on the side of Nixon and the protest movement) for people who were not there.
Probably should be seen as an addendum to a much larger story of turmoil in the U.S., but it does have something that elevates a now-familiar story of protest and dissent: plenty of footage of Lennon and lots of Lennon's music.
Works by reminding us of Lennon's best qualities: His impish, imperturbable sense of humor, his quick intelligence, his successful bantering with a hostile crush of world press mercenaries.
It's great to see a lot of this footage of Lennon -- playful, engaged, warm and spontaneous.
His life has been raked over by so many books, movies, magazine articles, and TV shows that The U.S. vs. John Lennon barely justifies its own existence.
The documentary's a hagiography, no mistake about it, but a fascinating one all the same, and it makes the case that Lennon was as much a genius provocateur as he was a cracked saint.
Serves two useful purposes: to collect some of the Beatle's wittiest social barbs, and to inform a young audience...
[The] passive approach can be infuriating, but the film still covers some very interesting ground.
a great retro ride for those who miss those trippy days, but not much of an educational experience.
This fascinating documentary shows how far government will go to throttle opposition, but also how, sometimes, you can fight the establishment and win.
Readers tempted to write off that episode as yet another paranoid fantasy of The Left should take heed: The U.S. vs. John Lennon includes the firsthand testimony of the spies themselves, from apostate FBI agents to the unapologetic G. Gordon Liddy.
It's full-up with footage that shows the hero of the Yoko Ono-sanctioned film to be as witty, entertaining and dependably charismatic as ever, and rarely as simple-minded as his detractors would have it.
You wonder if the film might actually have been worthwhile without the random stuff it includes. I mean, for instance, imagine there's no Geraldo Rivera. It isn't hard to do.
What is ultimately so special about this film is its handling of the relationship between Lennon and wife, Yoko Ono.
Co-directors and writers David Leaf and John Scheinfeld aim to bring his spirit back to us and, in that, they succeed.
It's a movie that, at its best, makes you ache with the memory of an anguished era and its fallen pop culture hero.
if you love Lennon's music and if you'd like to be transported back to that tumultuous era, the film does this all quite well.
Contentious, engaging and very timely.
Those hoping for something hard-hitting won't find it here. This is strictly on the level of what one might uncover during a VH1 special.
It feels as if [Ono's] cooperation resulted in a softened perspective on the musician-turned- activist-turned-icon.
...the film feels like an unintentional parody of liberal documentaries that transform complex topics into elaborate cinematic peace signs.
In exploring a little-known story of political persecution, The U.S. vs. John Lennon also sheds some unexpected light on the uneven and still undigested career of one of the most paradoxical artists pop culture has yet produced.
Situates the violation of one U.S. resident's civil rights in the context of Nixon-era paranoia and warmongering, a mood the film suggests is once again upon us.
Although it paints a somewhat idealized portrait of the legendary rocker/political provocateur, The U.S. vs. John Lennon is nonetheless a fascinating, richly detailed documentary.
Imagine a naive, simplistic documentary about the most complex, cynical member of the Beatles.
Documents the Nixon administration's failed, almost comically inept attempt to deport the most political of The Beatles and his wife, Yoko Ono.
While there is nothing particularly new in the film, it is a stirring celebration of a man of enormous talent, humor and humanity, laid waste by an assassin in New York in 1980.
There's little sign of the honest ambivalence that made Lennon a great artist, if a questionable spokesman.
Rarely have we seen Lennon so unguarded, impassioned and thoughtful as we do again and again here.
The movie creeps along at times with extraneous material, but it succeeds in doing something unique, by filtering a time of turmoil through the experience of one of the most fascinating artists of our time.
This is what a documentary should be.
A controversial and engrossing look at a 20th century genius under fire.
Lennon's private battle with political giants is remarkable in many ways, and the world could still learn much from his legacy.
As a big John Lennon fan, I was looking forward to seeing this documentary, but was disappointed by its relative simplicity in scope and presentation.
The most attention-getting culmination of recent films focusing on the protest movements of the '60s
A gripping and moving homage that brings in some new-old faces to flank the usual suspects in telling the story of Lennon and his badgering by the FBI.
Loosely organized but still fascinating.
What gives the film its spine is the presence of Lennon himself as an articulate, earnest and magnetic social conscience.
Makes the case that, in just about every way that counted, Lennon was a better person than Richard M. Nixon.
The U.S. vs. John Lennon is the easy-listening version of a firebrand documentary; nothing in it is as incendiary as its title.
...the near canonization of Lennon as a secular saint without requiring any miracles,...a propagandistic diatribe made by ideologues...boring (and I'm a Beatlemaniac!).
[A] complete hagiography, a film that smoothes out every rough edge in Lennon's life to the point where he's made into someone who seems terribly uninteresting and naïve.
Just in case you were thinking our times are unsettled.
Explicitly, the film is pure fluff, a competently detailed catalog of Lennon's political ambitions told in the visual shorthand of the VH1 rock-doc.
Expertly assembled, this [is a] crisp, coherent documentary
This David Leaf-John Scheinfeld production is not only poignant but even topical.
Due to Yoko Ono's initiative, docu may be too celebratory and narrowly focused for those wanting to see a critical film of the celeb musician but its conspiracy thesis feels relevant for our times, and Lennon's music, though out of sequence, is great.
In this Che Guevara t-shirt of a film, the same cliche 'them and us' shadow play that MTV and VH1 stage in everything they produce about the American 1960s is extended so excruciatingly that the era seems to occur year by year in real time.
A few new insights into Nixon administration criminality amid old news and favorite John Lennon tunes.
The storyline follows the Ono-approved bio that posits Lennon as saint, excising his dark periods and their years apart, which could have enhanced the portrait.




@highlight

Though it glosses over anything negative about Lennon, this documentary offers a lot of fascinating archival footage, plus its political issues still have relevance for today.