Strikingly different than most end-of-the-world midnight-movie scenarios.
A realistic chilling post-9/11 doomsday film.
Right At Your Door effectue en somme un retour fracassant sur les deux dernières grandes tragédies ayant secoué la population états-unienne.
As a story, it's about twice as long as it should be, but as a horror experience, it's just about right.
...a low-key yet sporadically tense drama...
While Brad fumes in his tight shots, Lexi is mobile.
Nightmarish.
The acting's pretty good, and the cinematography keeps things lively.
The agitated, theatrical dialogue reaches frenzied, jackhammer proportions even during the film's supposed quiet moments; it's thoroughly draining.
A pretty chilling affair.
It will rattle your comfort zone and keep you unnerved throughout.
There's no levity at all to distract from the unrelenting horror, unless you consider the entire film to be a big sick joke
After the Katrina tragedy, the filmmaker's fears are both well-grounded and keenly realized.
Cunningly riffs on everything from George Romero's Night of the Living Dead and The Crazies to our current terrorist-related night-sweats.
McCormack and Cochrane can't transcend the cliched, meandering dialogue, so Brad and Lexi's dilemma never feels like anything but a didactic contrivance.
[Stars] Cochrane and McCormack have zero chemistry and their characters are so different that they never compute as a couple.
Crosses our real-life national nightmares with a cleverly constructed thriller to create a movie that is smart, impeccably acted, and extremely unsettling.
It's the Cold War redux, but with the Enemy now everywhere.
As frightening as it intends to be, but not enjoyably so.
Has an ironic and unpredictable ending.
[Director] Gorak succeeds in raising larger issues about societal paranoia, and the dangers of being too obedient and trusting of the powers that be.
Maybe this is how the world ends in LA -- not with a bang but a 96-minute whimper.
One supposes that a start-to-finish interesting film could be made from this material, especially since this essential dilemma is so ripe with dramatic potential. But Gorak treats it like a vignette rather than a windfall event...
The poignancy of Right at Your Door lay in its real possibility in this volatile age.
I'd be lying if I didn't admit I wanted more from this, but for a while there Gorak and his team really did have me going.
Though not a zombie film (if only!), Gorak's shuffling contagion thriller lumbers and groans like the living dead.
Right at Your Door is a tick-tock of post-apocalyptic paranoia and moral ambiguity that would have made for some taut psychodrama on The Twilight Zone.
If Rod Serling had had a shot at penning a post-9/11 scenario for The Twilight Zone, it might have come out something like this compact and creepy suspense thriller of apocalypse, Los Angeles-style.
While this is admittedly not lighthearted mainstream fare, the subject matter is interesting and is handled in a manner that offers a compelling and sometimes unsettling 95 minutes.
There are no zombies to distract from the plausibility of Right at Your Door. And that's what makes this smart, coolly horrifying American indie thriller one of the scariest movies you're likely to see all year.
Filmmaker Chris Gorak's unflinching focus, admirably impossible choices and unromantic naturalism make it a damned sight better than the much-hyped TV-movie The Day After.
Despite being a talky movie, the writing and dialogue are mundane with characters inserting the F-word into every other line to try to make things edgier and more intense.
Right at Your Door finds itself somewhat adrift.
Listening to these two irritating people in a movie that's not scary is exasperating.
A healthy mixture of "On the Beach," and "Fail Safe," Chris Gorak's "Right at your Door" is possibly one of the most horrifying apocalyptic films I've seen in years...
If Gorak had made his characters more engaging he might have commanded a suspense level worthy of an Armageddon.
An intimate disaster drama that gets under the skin like a virulent toxin.
A vivid portrait of a town in crisis.
A necessary counter-argument to the wave of patriotic 9/11 movies, this homes in on the other side of disaster and rings horribly true in the wake of the Washington anthrax scare and post-Katrina New Orleans.
This is a powerful and well-told debut from Chris Gorak.
Movies about moral choices work if we can relate to the characters' motivations, but that never happens here.
Intense, harrowing and claustrophobic drama with strong performances and a judiciously aimed kick at both the authorities and the media.
A tough, pitiless film.
What starts out as a horrible, even tragic set-up ends up feeling more like a so-so episode of The Twilight Zone.
It's an impressive, if relentlessly depressing, piece of work.
McCormack and Cochrane are both amazing, giving outrageously raw performances that leave us breathless most of the time.
The first reel is intriguing and the ominous mood is consistently right, but ultimately, this potentially timely feature shows its narrative weaknesses in being narrow-minded and underpopulated in characters.
Not since the Jehovah's Witnesses came by has opening the front door seemed so terrifying.
With a minimal effects budget, [Gorak] still convincingly depicts a city ripped by terror and confusion.
Another overstretched Rod Serling episode with misplaced irony that provides so many false moments of its own that its impossible to take seriously.
[The film] grabs the viewer by the throat in the first few minutes, but quickly fritters away involvement by concentrating almost exclusively on two characters who are both annoying and boring.
Right at Your Door takes a viewer on a harrowing, distinctly uncomfortable journey.




@highlight

Though Right at Your Door dips into melodrama at the end, it's an otherwise tense, effective, and eerily plausible doomsday scenario.