My eyeballs were doing some serious rolling of their own at the general ineptitude of this failed mating of Friday the 13th and Ten Little Indians.
the central twist which unifies all the film's elements is so ingenious and unusual that recognising the killer ends up being just one small part of this film's multi-faceted identity.
Scary beyond belief serial killer thriller.
A good cast is enacting this fancy rubbish; what drew them to the material besides its self-conscious cleverness is beyond me.
The cast is game, the twists are clever, the writing is tight.
An ingenious thriller molded from Agatha Christie's "And Then There Were None". The film's incredibly entertaining even with the measurably predictable twist.
With a top notch cast, wonderful direction, and a great play on an old premise, Identity is a must-see.
... every predictable move comes unraveled again with an uncanny discovery.
'Uno de los mejores thrillers realizados en los últimos diez años, por lo que sería un verdadero crimen perdérselo.'
Mangold needs to feel he's wowing us instead of just entertaining us; amid the confusion, the really scary moments pass you by.
The characters are mostly slices of a whodunit pie, and once the real revelation that spins the story around happens, there isn't much reason to care about them anymore.
One of the most engaging experiences you will have at the movies, it is a taut and intelligent hybrid of a thriller that has as many effective ideas as a mind has brain cells.
... Identity is a rarity: a good movie made better by a twist you won't see coming.
a solid thriller - until it implodes. It gives you a savory first course, then rudely dumps seconds on your plate, even though you've already lost your appetite.
"Identity" makes for a good rainy-night rental.
Mangold stretches the pathology parameters into something a bit more depraved and decidedly bloodier, with even a touch of the supernatural. Or does he?
Algunas risas e insultos que se escucharon en la sala no me dejan mentir: Identidad es, llanamente, una decepción. Te promete que tu estadía en el motel va a ser cinco estrellas, y al final ni siquiera había motel.
Highly compelling, until the story's major revelation makes you feel totally cheated.
Agatha Christie certamente ficaria orgulhosa deste seu 'filhote'.
Here is a movie that's so good - so juicy in the dark secrets it keeps - that all I really want to say is to see it right now knowing as little about it as possible.
An enjoyably silly piece of pulp fiction, but the writer's main influence is undoubtedly Donald Kaufman, if you know what I mean.
With its airtight structure, tension and impressive performances, Identity is not only the most intelligent thriller of the year so far, it's also the best.
In fact, when the third act trickery comes on strong, it's Cusack who's given the responsibility of selling it to the audience. That he does this isn't really a surprise, that he makes it so profoundly affecting is.
. . .director James Mangold proves that not only can he deftly cross genres, but can also offer up a pleasing and well-crafted thriller.
A lame-brained nut job in search of an identity of its own.
The actors are good; the writing is clever and risky, but it's Mangold's excellent sense of just what to bring out and just when that makes this movie so effective.
This is more Steven King than it is Alfred Hitchcock and the comparison points out the difference between a master story teller and a supernatural schlockmeister who pulls unseen demons out of the air to artificially contrive the scenario.
There is nothing new to "Identity" but it works as a "10 Little Indians" clone.
Cooney's script has some intriguing ideas (characters seem to be paired in ying/yang couples, such as the good cop/bad cop of Cusack and Liotta) and puzzles to ponder (that first victim wasn't really the first), but for all its suspense its revelation
Funny, scary and slick as the frost on a frozen corpse...
In the end, it all comes to mood. The story, the setting, the characters, the twists - none would work if it weren't for the feel of Identity.
The script, direction and acting are good enough that we aren't just waiting for the final payoff - we have plenty of fun getting there as well.
If being outsmarted by a serial killer flick will hurt your self-esteem, don?t go see it.
Works as a thrilling scare machine and an ambitious but structurally flawed gimmick.
It is well-made, has excellent actors, and the screenplay has a nice twist at the end.
Identity is phenomenal. Blending Film Noir, and Hitchcockian-like chills director James Mangold nailed it.
Identity becomes so grossly obsessed with its self-perceived cleverness, it lacks the sensibility to imbue [its] revelation with any tragic weight.
In its heart of hearts, it's not a whole lot more than a slasher picture - a pretty savvy and hugely entertaining one, but a slasher picture nonetheless.
Psycho-thriller about 10 strangers at an isolated motel is spooky, smart and strange ... and packs a satisfying twist.
Perhaps the Director's Cut on DVD will shuck the entire final third and add a better resolution, but let's not hold our breath.
All the clues are there, and when you look back the entire picture comes together.
Identity finds its hooks not in the artful-but-routine surface details, but in the quiet clues lurking in the corners of the frame.
If you can approach it using "movie logic," this is an interestingly trippy story. If not, the whole thing falls completely to pieces.
[Identity] turns the old stand-bys on their ears and gives a fresh perspective on the genre.
The tagline for Identity is -- 'Identity is a killer.' Oh, it's a killer. It'll kill 90 minutes of your time and a few brain cells not to mention $8.50 of your hard earned cash.
No way do you check out this tourist trap and leave with the remotest intention of ever checking back in.
The tension's palpable and the deaths are gruesomely inventive (and jarringly abrupt), but the clincher is relatively far-fetched.
In playfully paying homage to thrillers (both good and bad) of days gone by...the filmmakers have created something familiar, yet fresh.
A nihilist project in Usual Suspects mode: Nothing is as it seems, because nothing matters in the least.
Pretty scary.
Just one word: Woah.
When you're leaving the theatre, you'll want to turn right around, throw down another ten bucks, and go see it again. It's that good.
[A] very well made horror thriller.
It's practically a catalog of slasher-movie groaners.
Crisply paced, well acted and smartly drawn... an entertaining and invigorating genre treat.
Made enough sense to be appreciated as a good old-fashioned mystery.
Amanda Peet is "Paris," a call girl who dreams the dream of all call girls: To return to Florida and run an orange grove. What qualifies her for a life in agriculture? "In my profession," Paris says, "I love getting my hands dirty and making things gro
...Liotta and Cusack make the film a better experience.
Un thriller efficace et relativement original.
Identity is the unwelcome new face of Hollywood horror: loud, empty, unimaginative and as far from Alfred Hitchcock as a movie can be.
Although the first part of 'Identity' overflows with delicious suspense and creepy atmosphere, the film's plot soon becomes one of its helpless victims.
It's a minor triumph.
I was laughing right along with the rest of the audience during the final minutes.
The best thing about Identity cannot be put in a review. I beg you all to close your eyes and ears to all press (except no-spoilers Cinerina!) until you have seen it.
Just what you want a horror-thriller to be: energetic, lurid, tense and, above all, unpredictable.
An entertaining contrivance of serial murder in a confined place.
Turns out to be preposterous shlock, more like a 'Nightmare on Elm Street' sequel than a Shyamalan flick.
A surprisingly challenging and rewarding motion picture experience, as ruminous and unforgettable as it is thrillingly spooky and suspenseful.
Filmed on a set that looks as if it has been lovingly and skillfully resurrected from the Bates Motel lot, Identity deftly weaves a familiar yarn around an homage to a screen classic.
Assorted examples of artificially flavoured humanity ... proceed to panic, bicker and run with the customary perversity that characters in situations like this do toward their gory destinies.
You walk out of the theater feeling you've been duped but that they did it fair and square.
It will either leave you giddy at the audacity or moaning at the stupidity.
Deserves credit for at least trying something fresh in the psychological-thriller realm, and for the mood of goofball creepiness it creates.
Appropriately and effectively creepy, the film had me going for a long time, trying to figure out what the explanation and/or surprise was going to be.
More than an entertaining thriller. It's a highly original one.
The dense rain that falls throughout Identity is no natural rain -- it's runoff from the Hollywood bilge tank of bad ideas.
What's terrific about Mangold is that he doesn't slavishly clone other, earlier films but actually tries to bring something fresh to the familiar.
Oh, so it isn't the same flick I've seen a dozen times before!
A Ten Little Thespians murder-rama that gets a bit of a lift from thespians who aren't so little, in terms of ability.
It's gory, it's bleak, it's shamelessly tricky -- and it's also a good deal more fun than it had any right to be.
It can make for an exasperating ride, since the filmmakers fudge the line between earnest manipulation and flip self-mockery.
An over-directed slasher picture full of arty tricks and slumming stars.
I think it's a fascinating movie that, if you are able to make the leap it asks of you at about the three-quarter mark, will give you something to think and talk about for days.
The plot needs to be airtight, and Identity is filled with logistical holes.
It takes rare wit, guts and humor to try this kind of thing in an A-list film. Identity proves it has enough individuality to succeed.
An interesting mix of ghoulish gore stuff, smart writing and tongue-in-cheek thriller-isms.
What keeps Identity fun and intriguing to the final dying moments are the performances.
This isn't a story: It's a catalog of gruesome murders.
It is funny and scary and completely out of left field.
Opens with its mind nicely intact, suffers a major crisis about 30 minutes in, then bad turns to worse.
It isn't a standard slasher flick, but it impersonates one for so long you want to slap it around.
There's a difference between an ending that makes the viewer want to re-evaluate what they've just seen and an ending that completely obliterates the previous 75-minutes.
Both the concept and characters are poorly developed.
A film that is thiiiis close to nailing the whole suspense/thriller/ serial-killer genre.
It's an exasperating exercise in B-movie hokum and screenwriter's gimmickry.
I have yet to see writer Michael Cooney's prior claims to fame, his Jack Frost flicks, but I'm assuming that they're better than this one.
Michael Cooney's script keeps you going with two jaw-dropping plot twists -- one cool and thought-provoking, the other manipulative and nasty.
Manufactured shock replaces gnawing fear and only meager attempts are made to liberate us from high-concept hell.
A genuinely cunning psychological thriller.
An average thriller that's not nearly as smart as it thinks it is.
Will appeal to both horror aficionados and those looking for a good mystery.
It crams so much overblown activity in every corner of every scene that it has no space to build any genuine suspense.
An outright blast, so fun it's -- pardon -- scary.
The apparent premise, creaky though it may be, holds ample opportunity for suspense and second-guessing, and Mr. Mangold handles the revelations and reversals of Michael Cooney's script with nerve-racking aplomb.
A wicked scorpion with a double sting in its tail.
The director, James Mangold, and the writer, Michael Cooney, play fair, sort of, and once you understand their thinking you can trace back through the movie and see that they never cheated, exactly.
It's not art, but it's fun artfully done.
Give the film the credit it earns for playing the game well and truly.
Identity sacrifices a fine cast and an atmospheric setting to spring a surprise that derails the momentum. Worse, the frustrating twist isn't unleashed at the conclusion; it happens near the middle.
If you find yourself wishing somebody would just hurry up and kill the rest of guests and get it over with, you're probably not alone.
You may predict some of the twists; heck, you may even predict all of 'em. (I didn't.) But even if that's the case, Identity is so much fun to watch that you simply won't care.
Just when you think Identity is just another typical thriller, its original twist hits you on the head, leaving you spinning.
Cuz you can't bear to think that Cusack would betray us, you keep trying to convince yourself that the flick is trying to be more than what it seems.
The more astute moviegoers may pick up where the film is heading more quickly than others, but Identity's payoff does not disappoint.
I much prefer its cheerful absurdity over the boring polish of the countless, endless conventional Hollywood actioners.
This is a thriller with real thrills -- both the kind that make you jump and the kind that make you think.
The puzzle pieces are all there. But when you put them all together, the result is a bit of a gyp -- neat but utterly forgettable.
With moments of mind-bending creepiness, the film has potential, but eventually it devolves into merely a head-scratcher.
For the first two thirds, Identity is effective, with director James Mangold delivering the appropriate jolts at the right times.
It's a fun, raucous ride, with more than its share of chills and thrills.
The darkness is speckled with the lightening humor of characters who are funny without crossing into smarminess.
Throughout, the film teeters tantalizingly on the preposterous, but James Mangold's astute direction and Michael Cooney's carefully thought-out script keep it from sliding over the edge.
A unique murder-mystery completely ruined by a trailer that gives the whole thing away.
Effective, well-crafted chiller.
A pretty wild ride if you're willing to leave your brain at the popcorn counter and let Mr. Mangold jolt your spine with every thriller-chiller trick in Hollywood's hefty book.
keeps viewers guessing, provides several solid jolts, builds to a perfectly acceptable ending -- then can't resist adding on a few more twists that finally push the picture dangerously close to the border of unintentional comedy.
Takes the 'nothing is what it seems...' conceit to clever new extremes.
Identity doesn't outfox the audience; it just makes us feel like suckers.
80 minutes of cliches, overacting and hackneyed coincidences.
The writer gets as tangled in his own explanations as a puppy in a 30-foot leash.
The script within "Adaptation" was a joke and it's sad that everyone involved wasn't in on it and dragged the audience to the top of the greatest imaginable rollercoaster only to breakdown before sending us down the hill.
An effectively scary, psychological variation on Agatha Christie's And Then There Were None.
One potential victim verbally acknowledges the obvious similarity of their predicament to Ten Little Indians; it's the first of several self-conscious blunders this movie makes as it seeks to escape its B-picture constraints.
Adds an interesting shot of intelligence to a genre that hasn't seen any in many a year.
It starts as Agatha Christie but mutates into Stephen King.
Enjoyably swervy.
Like a creaky roller coaster, you feel it could fall apart at any time.
It's a relentlessly tricky and scary show, with a bit more plot and humanity than this kind of modern Grand Guignol usually gives us.
Identity may be a one-trick pony, but it's quite a trick.
...a well-groomed horror picture that offers a few good scares before devolving into psychological lunacy.
From setup to finish, this clever little thriller pulls you in, plants you firmly on the edge of your set, and strands you there gripping the armrests.
A tricky little beast that fits in peculiarly well with the recent trend of deconstructive horror films.
This gimmicky whodunit never convinces us that it would be worth slogging through again.
Set on a dark and stormy night at a rundown motel situated on an Indian graveyard, screenwriter Michael Cooney toys with horror conventions but doesn't succumb to the clichés.
Delighting in his own considerable cleverness and cineast's knowledge of movie history, Mangold shuffles the elements like a three-card-monte pro.
An unpredictable spine-tingler that has good times written all over its nasty little agenda.
An efficient and effective thriller ... set during a dark and stormy night.
... no "Identity" crisis here. It's just a top-notch thriller fresh enough to become a mini-classic.
Even if you were to miss the dead-giveaway title sequence, Identity serves up sloppy hints in scene after scene...(that) are about as subtle as the motel's neon sign.
Donald Kaufman did not die in vain. How silly is that? A heart cell hating a lung cell.
Identity is Friday the 13th through the eyes of Agatha Christie. This one keeps you guessing. How close to the edge of your seat can you get without falling off?
A gripping psychological thriller cum horror story that is complex and unpredictable.
Absurdly intricate and intricately absurd...like a slickly-produced puzzle whose pieces fit together just fine, but when completed depicts a scene not worth looking at.
There is a great spoof comedy here, but, unfortunately, writer Michael Cooney and director James Mangold play one of the most ludicrous screenplays in recent memory in earnest.
One of the first fun-time thrillers of the year.
What starts out as a seemingly-routine excursion into genre clichés emerges into a more complex and satisfying arena than most viewers will anticipate.
















@highlight

Identity is a film that will divide audiences -- the twists of its plot will either impress or exasperate you.