This is simply a good, popcorn-crunching time at the movies.
This movie is absolutely beautiful...It brings you back to that classic, Western style film. You can tell it's made today, but it feels very old school.
Let's call it "The Adequate Seven," then, since it gets the job done, yet is ultimately far short of magnificent.
A magnificent mess.
From the wardrobe to the sets, the whole thing pulls you in and makes you feel like you're watching a real, classic Western movie.
While it isn't always clear why these men are risking their lives to help the people of Rose Creek, their journey, and the ultimate throwdown, makes for enjoyable viewing.
The action, especially in the last 30 minutes, is outstanding and excellently choreographed, featuring little to no CGI. I'm also just a sucker for watching Chris Pratt act like a smart ass.
Stranger still, in a film this progressive, this woke, that they talk about wanting their land back, without the faintest acknowledgement that they, in turn, have stolen it from Native Americans.
This new take on The Magnificent Seven boasts another A-list cast, but forsakes characters for bloodless, PG-13 action that entertains without resonating.
Saddle up for a thrilling ride with this modern-day Western packed with action.
There was enough potential for his character to have evolved into something truly magnificent but the chance was let slip by the director. And that, sadly, is by and large true for the whole film itself...
The Magnificent Seven isn't a masterpiece, not even close. But it is an action-packed and thoroughly enjoyable piece of commercial cinema that should keep those who like this shoot-out, stand-off, saloon-bar kind of thing highly entertained.
... it will probably play better to people who don't know/remember the 1960 film, but it's a solid bit of escapism.
There's a fine line, as Sergio Leone once told me, between the operatic and the absurd, and this Seven runs roughshod over it.
It's hardly magnificent, but a solid enough date movie that provides good fun for all.
This Magnificent Seven seems a bit underdeveloped character wise.
Magnificent? No. But still a worthwhile trip to the theater.
This Magnificent Seven feels formulaic, but it's a solid formula.
In the end, Fuqua has made less a magnificent seven than, at best, a slightly better than average one.
Though it's an unremarkable action movie in many respects, the film has an interesting eye for symbolism that elevates it above whatever lack of freshness it may suffer from (including a lackluster script).
Isn't very different from others of its kind, but manages to entertain without complications with a typical western story. [Full review in Spanish]
It has few standout moments and, in addition, doesn't have anything too deep or thought-provoking to say. Yet, if you simply wish to see a gun-slinging Western with some of your favorite actors, it's a least a passable couple hours at the movies.
This isn't just a remake, it is a straight up old-fashioned Western that stands on its own. It is very well acted and the production values are first rate. The direction by the underrated Antoine Fuqua ('Training Day') is spot on.
An entertaining film but considering the pedigree of the two productions on which it's based, it definitely should have been much more than that. [Full review in Spanish]
In rust-brown appearance as well as offhand staging of the gunfights, Faqua's 'M7' is closer to operatic Leone than choreographed Sturges ... war-weary Hawke and rousing theme by late James Horner are pluses
The magnificence of the titular septet is barely discernible in this unwarranted update of the 1960 Western that was itself a remake of the 1954 Japanese classic Seven Samurai.
Unlike most of this year's blockbusters, his "Thoroughly Entertaining Seven" hits most of its targets.
If you are going into The Magnificent Seven expecting a cinematic masterpiece...you will be severely disappointed. But if you want two hours of laughs, bullets, brawls, and perhaps a few tears, [it's] a serviceable distraction.
The end result is a paint-by-numbers Western that will scratch that itch, but should have done a better job of justifying its existence.
With so many personalities and characters, there's little time for any standout performances... or a standout film. That said: it isn't bad, either.
As things build toward the long, bloody and by-the-numbers (if ably staged) showdown, it's hard not to mourn for the film this could have been, considering the assemblage of talent.
It is not, by and large, a very inspired film, though sometimes it gets there in spurts.
A more than rollicking-enough cinematic ride.
...a seriously misguided and misbegotten remake.
Washington is still the star of the film, but he stands out by underplaying while his peers go over the top. He provides a calm center as Fuqua stages some expert gunplay and equine action.
It's respectful of the past, while it blazes into the future of a genre that is as American as covered wagons.
This unoriginal reboot reveals Washington and Fuqua to be hacks as they take on a formerly great genre, the Western...This craven, doubled-down remake reduces America's difficult history to a series of violent, affectless, and inept set-pieces.
The action is fine, but the movie lacks the grandeur that makes this genre special: The landscapes are unattractively photographed, evidence that this 'Western' -- a few New Mexico scenes aside -- mostly was shot in Louisiana, for tax-credit purposes.
The big problem with the film is that it has no real reason to exist...The characters are lifeless, the pace is slow, the villain is a wimp.
Not nearly as magnificent as the originals it is based on, this Denzel Washington western vehicle still has its moments even if there is too much gunplay and not enough character development.
As Gene Wilder tributes go, it's not bad.
Outside of being a tad overproduced, it stands on its own perfectly well.
Although it doesn't have the emotional pull of the 1960 John Sturges classic, this modernisation of The Magnificent Seven is still a rip-roaring action western.
With all of the superficial style but none of the rousing spirit of the source material, Fuqua's film is less The Magnificent Seven, more The Perfunctory Few.
After a disappointing blockbuster season, The Magnificent Seven was the popcorn flick that we've been waiting for
If you're looking for a comparison between the most popular remake and Kurosawa's masterpiece, better see one of those two, because you won't find anything that gets close to the best of the genre. [Full review in Spanish]
It's a pretty authentic reimagining of a classic story, and as remakes go, it's not half bad.
It is easy to cheer for the underdogs and hiss at the villains, and The Magnificent Seven makes no bones about playing to those easy sentiments for rousing good-vs-evil theatrics.
A thrilling shoot 'em up that rather effectively sets up its characters and the stakes at play to make for an action film where themes surrounding religion and violence don't distract, but deepen.
An unnecessary film but with will make you have a good time. The audacity to redo an already excellent film doesn't bother much. [Full review in Spanish]
Much more than a remake, an outstanding film that surpasses its predecessor. [Full review in Spanish]
Made with polish and buoyed by a rousing score, this remake is worth seeing on the big screen, largely due to the thrilling, climactic finale when bullets, arrows and knives find their marks.
Antoine Fuqua's new remake of 'The Magnificent Seven' is not a great Western, but it's a damn fine one - and it's got a great Western hero at its center, which is just as important.
This latest remake is far from perfect but in a time when westerns are few and far between, it provides a nice throwback to a forgotten genre.
An old-school western, full of good guys, bad guys, gunplay and grit.
Rootin-tootin' self-aware of its grandeur. Drawls out the build-ups to the mega-climax and refuses to tie-up the terse, macho dialogue to taut, whip-smart action sequences.
A copy of a copy in all respects.
[It] has a pleasing full-on embrace of things a western must have: tobacco spitting, gun twirling, trick riding, men bursting out of saloon doors, men bursting out of saloon windows, men just bursting.
This most satisfying, testosterone-fuelled shoot-'em-up is great fun, with pleasing work from the whole cast.
An agreeable remake, not bad for an Antoine Fuqua flick, if ultimately an unmemorable movie.
Westerns have enjoyed a small renaissance over the last decade. The Magnificent Seven may not be the best of them, but it's a respectable effort with a game cast helmed by a justifiably confident director.
This is perhaps damning it with faint praise, but Fuqua's Magnificent Seven will always easily be the third best version of this story.
The Magnificent Seven is better than the film that it's remaking in many ways; but when you're talking about how it stands up with the original source material of Seven Samurai, it's already been eclipsed by the incredible 13 Assassins.
Most of the time, it feels like Fuqua is just ticking the boxes of the genre conventions, which would be fine if all he was trying to do is make a run-of-the-mill Western TV movie. But this is The Magnificent Seven for god's sake.
Saddle up.
...a straightforward tale of good guys and bad guys built on gunfights, machismo, and double barrelled toughness.
Relatively entertaining.
It is spectacular, has lots of great lines -- most of which go to Pratt -- and the performances are all solid, although Sarsgaard isn't great as the baddie.
Denzel Washington, as we've come to expect from this masterful and unfussy screen actor, carries the entire film by sheer force of personality.
Times are a-changing.'
The main issue about this film is that tries too much to show a world where good people are clearly different from bad people, where honor overcomes cowardice, and where kindness and loyalty overpowers the thirst for money. [Full review in Spanish]
A western on autopilot.
Those hoping that The Magnificent Seven would be a return to a classic Western set during the Old West will be disappointed. Those looking for a great Western, with a modern-day setting, should seek out Hell or High Water.
Fuqua skirts anything remotely interesting from a thematic standpoint, opting instead for a by-the-books modern re-imagining of the genre. Modern as in violent.
A well-crafted and patient remake that takes the time to develop its characters before the large-scale violence ensues.
The sight of Denzel twirling his six-guns and shooting from the hip will be more than enough, for many, to make The Magnificent Seven a rousing success.
The Magnificent Seven is an awkward milestone in Hollywood's ongoing and urgent conversation about representation.
Awash in chintzy CGI, the film has a sickly avocado sheen to it, as if it was color-corrected in post-production to look like a can of Bud Lime.
The 1960 movie has always been a favorite of mine....remakes never usually match up, and that is the case here.
I wasn't expecting much of this remake, other than to determine if it should have been remade in the first place. And the answer is a clear "no" -- not the greatest use of $95,000,000.
Even a phalanx of good actors can't save this-less than-Magnificent Seven...
Very clever and fingernail-biting excitement.
Washington and Pratt show true grit in this movie, but a lack of character depth makes it entertaining only for those who love violence.
There's even a woman this time. She's a match for any of the men, and might have been included among their number had it not been necessary for her to shed tears at one point, and to serve the guys dinner at another.
The action scenes are well-staged if deeply impersonal -- in fact, much of the film feels rote and mechanical, less a vibrant throwback to vintage Westerns and more a marketing campaign in search of meaning.
There are shoot-outs galore and the story trots along but what should be rousing entertainment falls rather flat.
It's certainly watchable stuff, but if Fuqua wasn't going to do anything new with the material, you rather wonder what was the point?
The most rousing moment in The Magnificent Seven comes after the action has already concluded, when the credits roll to the emphatic accompaniment of Elmer Bernstein's iconic 1960 score.
...an old-time western with a modern sensibility. Unlike all too many remakes, it fully justifies its existence
If there's a pulse emanating from a single member of Fuqua's high-falutin' cast it's undetectable.
Antoine Fuqua's action-filled, shoot-em-up remake, supplying a spectacular barrage of bullets.
Humorless, rote, clichéd, and entirely unsurprising. Antoine Fuqua attempts to recapture old Hollywood magic - and fails - rather than create his own.
An undistinguished remake of the 1960 iconic lighthearted macho western starring Yul Brynner.
All the low angles looking up at our heroes makes them look heroic, and the wide shot of all seven walking down the street feels special.
Dull, predictable, and basic in every sense of the word, The Magnificent Seven is a devastating blow to the western genre and yet is about the standard as far as remakes go.
Traces of real history are hard to spot in Fuqua's Western, but there isn't much evidence of a real Western, either. You sense that an entire genre, far from being revitalized, is being plundered for handy tips.
If you can get past the places where the new movie fails to match the original, it's a Western that shoots straight.
Things couldn't possibly seem more wheezy and tired than they do when played out in a narrative framework that had already run its course by the time Yul Brynner and Steve McQueen took it on in 1960.
Already getting tired and sick to see this kind of productions that are also unnecessary and becoming obsolete. [Full review in Spanish]
A film with an endless gunshot salad in the middle of it resulting in an exhausting experience. [Full review in Spanish]
A movie with a chaotic approach to action scenes, making it sink into the indecipherable. [Full review in Spanish]
There is a lot to like about 'The Magnificent Seven,' which never tires to be anything more than an entertaining, spirited movie.
An action movie as chaotic as fun. [Full review in Spanish]
A solid and entertaining reinterpretation of a classic story. [Full review in Spanish]
The movie never seems to click as it should. The ensemble never quite matches the prickly rapport of the original cast (or, for that matter, the cast of The Seven Samurai, the Akira Kurosawa film that inspired the 1960 western).
Maybe it's impossible to make classic Westerns any more. We'd probably need to unlearn lots of stuff we think we know first. This isn't one, but it would certainly fill some time on a long flight, or on your iPad in the middle of a sleepless night.
If body count is what you go to Westerns for, by all means drift into this one's corral.
The Magnificent Seven (2016) isn't going to eclipse its predecessors but it is, nonetheless, an immensely entertaining and heartfelt action-western experience.
Without Washington the picture would wither into dust. With him on board it proves, well, perfectly adequate.
While you know where the storyline is going, what keeps you interested are the well-choreographed action set pieces and the jokes.
The film's resounding theme about self sacrifice is sure to put a bit more jangle in your spurs.
D'Onofrio bursts from a bush looking like Grizzly Adams, if Grizzly Adams had eaten Orson Welles for breakfast.
This one was always more crowd-pleaser than poetry, but it contains simple, strong messages, codes of honor that still ring true.
... generates a decent camaraderie among its culturally diverse ensemble cast, yet rather than exploring new territory in the Old West, it too often treads familiar ground amid all the bullets and bravado.
Admittedly, the cinematography is stunning, but the story is mediocre and the dialogue borderlines on corny.
If you've already seen Hell or High Water and the itching and scratching of waiting for the galactic gun-slinging of Rogue One and Guardians II is still proving too much, give this a go.
Holds up as an action-packed western thrill ride that serves up a phenomenal climactic showdown.
Much like Suicide Squad, The Magnificent Seven is a ensemble piece about misfits that races through Act One to skip to a prolonged Act Three... I'm not mad at it...
The Magnificent Seven has no real substance, meaning, or depth. It simply is what it is: a breezy Western adventure with a bunch of name actors. On that level, it works.
The talkative script keeps reiterating what we're seeing: "Dang it, I'm good!" Pratt says, feeling good about himself once again. "I sense we are bonding," we hear, as the seven men bond, masticating cheroots and cigars they don't seem to want to smoke.
As summer fare, it's bloody entertainment that, if nothing else, gives young comic book superhero audiences a throwback taste of that endangered Hollywood species -- the Western.
Antoine Fuqua's The Magnificent Seven won't make longtime fans forget the 1960 Sturges original, but it is a tense and dramatic western that feels like a perfect reflection of a violent 2016.
To tackle such an updating without fully loaded guns is not a wise thing.
A worthy tribute to the original 1960 classic, and it's a great ride for fans of action or westerns.
Westerns may be a nostalgic genre, few and far between these days, but it doesn't have to be outdated when filmed, as Fuqua does, through a 21st-century lens.
The Magnificent Seven is a thoroughly satisfying, well-executed modern-day Western.
Even with its fair share of shortcomings the entertainment factor remains high enough throughout to make giving it a shot exceedingly worthwhile.
No, this "Magnificent Seven" doesn't reinvent the wagon wheel, but it's not supposed to.
A far cry from the 1960 Sturges film, never mind the Kurosawa classic. But better than expected. Washington and Pratt make a fun, if unlikely duo.
The emotion and heart of the movie gets lost in an all the action. But the stars make it kind of entertaining at times, and if all you're looking for is a violent shoot em' up Western with a high body count, it fits the bill.
Fuqua isn't interested in the contemporary Western. His Magnificent Seven is a throwback to those decades-old films that informed him as an impressionable and young filmmaker. But to live in history invites comparisons to what was.
The idea of a team of outlaws recruited to protect the innocent has been replayed so often in so many genres (science fiction and war action, most notably) that [The Magnificent Seven] feels less like a remake and more like a repeat.
Politically bizarre, the film is competent but routine.
Certainly not magnificent, but decent enough for what it's trying to do and be. (Full Content Review for Parents - Violence, Sexual Content, Profanity, etc. - also Available)
It's not great - it's no 'The Magnificent Seven' - but it'll satisfy any varmint hungry for some Old West justice.
The Magnificent Seven ends up being a bit too predictable to reach its full potential, but the fun the cast clearly had making it allows the movie to be an enjoyable ride while it lasts.
The scenery and cinematography are eye-boggling. New Mexico is the go-to location for primal sunsets, majestically pillared cliffs and a light that leads to eternity. When your eyes stray to the battles and shoot-outs, they're pretty good too.
It's certainly fun, and a spectacle to behold in IMAX, but if you're going to remake the 1960 classic, which starred Yul Brynner and Steve McQueen, you need to make a cinematic cavalry charge into the territory of modern sensibilities.
The movie cannot escape its been-there-shot-that vibe.
Fuqua's made two clean piles separating good and evil, and in doing so, he's thrown away the film's point.
Those bread-and-butter scenes feel fumbled or half-hearted.
Chris Pratt is better off playing in his own 'Galaxy' than starring in an oater.
This edition isn't as hokey as the original but has trade-offs in its action packed finale where gunslingers defy credibility sharpshooting from horseback and firing Colt .45s with both hands.
Hokey but often very funny, "The Magnificent Seven (2016)" succeeds as an action film but fails to be about anything significant.
...a comic book film set in the west, with stock characters equally given to violence and wisecracks...
Not quite as good as the old Magnificent Seven and certainly not as good as Seven Samurai, but ... if you're into this sort of thing, you'll like it just fine.
The word Magnificent might be a bit boastful.
In aspiring to present itself as a diverting mainstream action film, this only ever manages to be a diverting mainstream action film. Magnificence never enters the equation.
Fuqua's rendition delivers plenty of quick-draw action and is respectful to the source material; it just can't challenge the epic romanticism or magnificence of the 60s classic.
The final showdown is actionpacked and well staged but we never really care about any of the characters, making this Magnificent Seven merely adequate.
"Magnificent" is pushing it, but "The Magnificent Seven" - the latest spin on the classic outlaw tale - comes in guns blazing, sweeps the town and gets the job done.
The film rests upon the more-than-worthy shoulders of Denzel Washington - who brings his trademark strut, iconic slouch, and a cocked gun paired with that legendary cocked head.
This is the way to remake. Look to the lineage of The Magnificent Seven for real evolution; a variety of voices behind and in front of the camera.
Antoine Fuqua uses a hammer and anvil approach to a story that has more subtlety than he gives it.
The Magnificent Seven isn't. But it's a western and I love westerns so it gets enough points to recommend.
While it might not launch a Western cinematic resurgence, The Magnificent Seven gives the genre a much needed shot in the arm. Say hello to the fall's first big blockbuster.
This version of "The Magnificent Seven" offers a viciousness and hardscrabble harshness earlier incarnations lacked.
Everyone seems a little too aware that they are Making A Western For A Modern Audience rather than throwing themselves headfirst into making a Western for a modern audience.
Inevitably, the movie spends a lot of time getting ready for the climactic showdown. But it's so chaotic and protracted as to lose much of its punch.
The re-imaging of 'Seven' is not the most magnificent western we'll ever see, but it's certainly no by-the-book remake, either.
Fuqua Helms Magnificent Muddle.
The film is OK, it's the name that's all wrong.
As with most Westerns, the focus is on the final showdown and, readers, this is ace. Thrilling, bloody, gruesome, really well shot. I loved it.
It's efficient but soulless and relies on well-choreographed action sequences to maintain the attention rather than any effort to flesh out the characters led by Denzel Washington's monosyllabic lawman Sam Chisholm.
Why? Does the world really need a third iteration of this story? And one without the outstanding cast and iconic performances of its predecessor? And one with an imbecilic final battle which drags on long enough to kill every extra in Hollywood?
In a summer filled with remakes, reboots, sequels and superheroes that have more often than not disappointed, Fuqua has delivered a classic style of filmmaking that crowd-pleases without blowing you completely away.
The sheer brilliance of these latter scenes justify this new version of an old favourite and shows us just why Westerns are still worth making.
There may not be any surprises, and only a whiff of thematic interest in the corporate greed element, but the film is still rip-roaringly entertaining.
Explosive action and a good cast make Antoine Fuqua's exciting reboot a western worth seeing.
If the sight of Denzel Washington, guns blazing and saddled up for his first western, doesn't get your pulse racing, read elsewhere.
You could do worse than putting it all in the capable hands of Denzel Washington, with some help from Chris Pratt.
Witty crosstalk should be one of the pleasures to be had in a men-on-a-mission movie like this one, but there's not enough of it.
I'm sorely disappointed.
In their few scenes together, Hawke and Washington, so vital in Fuqua's Training Day, hold the screen with sheer chemistry, and perhaps a bit of history. If only this film had known what to do with the richness of its raw material.
[Fuqua] deals in constant commotion, repetitive confrontations, stylized formations, laser-like scowls (or, in the case of one young woman in town, a fixed glower), and violence that's both aestheticized and anesthetized.
The film has some superficial style, and the action sequences are put together competently enough, but there's little or no sense of jeopardy, of danger threatening people you might really care about.
It all builds to a climactic battle in and around the town that feels almost apocalyptic in its level of violence and destruction.
Long on violence and short on story, character development, motivation, and all the things that make any kind of violence satisfying to watch.
The result here won't erase the memory of Sturges' classic, but it does pay due homage to it.
You shouldn't be surprised to learn that Denzel Washington as a badass gunslinger is amazingly cool, and enough to make The Magnificent Seven an enjoyable if overlong experience.
A very efficient and entertaining film. [Full review in Spanish]
A very entertaining movie that will make you have a great time. [Full review in Spanish]
The Magnificent Seven is a cast and a title in search of a movie. Not only did they not find one, I'm not certain they even looked.
This entertaining and handsome-looking version of "The Magnificent Seven" is very much tailored to his star, right down to Washington's real-life history as a preacher's son.
If there's a compelling reason to remake The Magnificent Seven, it can't be found in the 2016 version, a loud, cluttered, and generally disappointing production.
Over all, this is a rousing, albeit sometimes cheesy, action-packed Western.
There isn't anything particularly magnificent about the Seven or the movie itself, even though it makes for a fun, summery popcorn movie in the early days of fall.
A stilted final narration over a phony backdrop is completely artificial, much like everything that had come before.
All the efforts to modernize the Western feel half-baked at best, like slapping one coat of paint on a crumbling house.
An ethnically diverse cast and snappy action scenes make for an entertaining update of the 1960 classic.
Antoine Fuqua hardly tightens the reins on his adaptation, which stretches 90 minutes of entertainment across a 132-minute frame. Too bad the gang didn't recruit an eighth member who was an expert at editing.
"The Magnificent Seven" is fine as far as it goes, but - especially when the familiar strains of the 1960 theme song begin wafting over the final scenes - one can't help feeling that it should have gone much further.
The new Magnificent Seven also suffers from flabby, leisurely editing, but it does offer something Sturges' Western doesn't: the most inept strategist in the history of American Western villains.
Director Antoine Fuqua proves that the western is far from dead with this rousing update of John Sturges's 1960 classic (itself adapted from Akira Kurosawa's The Seven Samurai).
This new edition of the much-told story is...a perfectly watchable couple of hours [but] it certainly doesn't match the standard Sturges and his charismatic cast...set nearly sixty years ago.
After assembling a cast as good as this and then squandering them, Fuqua may have won the battle while losing the war.
Overlong and often struggling to balance action and comedy, The Magnificent Seven is an uneven effort with some sensational action.
Usually Washington's charisma is enough to see him through a problematic genre exercise. Here, I suspect, we have a movie that'll split audiences between responses of "not bad" and "not good enough."
If the best westerns have always been, in some way, studies of contemporary manhood, it's worrisome to think about what this Magnificent Seven says about men today.
You may check your watch occasionally, but we don't get many old-fashioned Westerns these days.
It's a fun movie, a nicely made Western in which bad guys get to be good guys sometimes. Maybe that should be enough, but you can't help wanting more.
It's a lukewarm clone of a decent adaptation of a masterpiece. It's as if the American film industry, having outlasted celluloid, now makes movies with tracing paper.
Only when there's an opportunity to blow things up does Fuqua seem fully engaged.
A sense of lethargy hangs uneasily over the lumbering new version of "The Magnificent Seven."
He looks so powerful, so beautiful, so right that you may find yourself wondering how we had a black president for seven full years before Washington got to play the lead in a Western.
Denzel Washington and Chris Pratt make an entertaining pair, but The Magnificent Seven doesn't bring anything new to the genre.
It's not exactly magnificent, but it's a slick and entertaining take on a familiar tale that's bursting with personality.
While there's enjoyment to be had, there's not a whit of surprise. You come to an Antoine Fuqua movie not to be taken somewhere new but to tour an old neighborhood with tough-guy professionalism.
Brings the cowboy past into focus with the Hollywood present.
This director does have a flair for rhythmically intense set-pieces, and his whole film justifies its existence when the bullets start flying.
Call it the mighty entertaining "Seven," and you'll be right.
Fuqua has watched his John Ford, evident in the sweeping mountain vistas that use every inch of the screen, and his Sergio Leone, represented by the squinty tension that fills the air before every showdown.
Occasional one-liners and nihilistic truisms are all that the cast has to work with, and they don't give much in the way of characterization.
The Magnificent Seven, as derivative as it may be, makes for a decent couple of hours wasted.
The new movie is as moth-eaten as the serapes strewn through the 1960 film, but there's no denying the appeal of the image of Mr. Washington riding a horse, shooting a Colt and leading a posse of vigilantes to save a mostly white Western town.
Count this one as a guilty pleasure.
There's plenty to reject about this joyless effort, which always seems to be at odds with its natural charisma, weirdly downplaying excitement and feisty camaraderie as Fuqua continues to work through his anger issues.
This new version of The Magnificent Seven works thanks to its first class cast, great action sequences and an impressive directing job by Antoine Fuqua. The Magnificent Seven is solid entertainment. [Full review in Spanish]
Fuqua's remake is an entertaining neowestern influenced by Kurosawa's Seven Samurai since the opening credits. [Full review in Spanish]
[Delivers] action-packed fun throughout, culminating in a brilliantly staged show-down that will leave you feeling thrilled.
Almost wholly inessential.
Washington, who plays Chisolm as a confident but thoughtful leader who uses his brains as much as his guns, and Hawke, as the troubled PTSD-struck Robicheaux, are especially impressive.
The Magnificent Seven is an unapologetic crowd pleaser, filled with daring anti-heroes, thrilling shootouts, and bloody gallows humor.
The trick of the 1960 version is that it carries itself lightly... The new Magnificent Seven is the worst of both worlds: Completely substance-free, yet heavier than Vincent D'Onofrio's beard.
The title is about one-seventh right.
After nearly a year of hype, The Magnificent Seven has arrived and proven itself to be another entertaining if underwhelming remake of a well-regarded flick.
As with The Equalizer, Washington's commanding presence helps elevate what otherwise might be ordinary.
Its sepia-tinted bones are weathered, but spit-shined real nice, sporting an all-star cast and a gold mine of studio production value.
The unofficial cowboys and outlaws played by Pratt in Guardians of the Galaxy or Denzel in any number of Tony Scott movies have more pizazz than this bunch.
As solid as he is crafting the look of a good Western, Fuqua fails to build much momentum, or engagement with the characters.
If you're looking for something different from the 1960 original - or the movie that was based on, the 1954 classic Seven Samurai - it's best to mosey elsewhere, pilgrim.
The remake of the 1960 classic Western moseys along at the pace of a long-in-the-tooth horse.
As remakes go, Fuqua's version is perfectly entertaining in terms of action and character. But it is unlikely to replace the original in anyone's affections.
"The Magnificent Seven" is a Western. Maybe that's good enough.
Silly, solid entertainment: multiplex fun by numbers.
Instead of ever getting truly "Magnificent," these multicultural gunslingers remain largely a meh seven.
The Wild, Wild West revisited as an ethnically-diverse fantasy land Hollywood has never imagined before!
Fuqua misses the point.
A film that make us recover the greatness of what cinema is, how it is filmed, how was enjoyed before a big screen.[Full review in Spanish]
As well made as it is, it's still got that title, which is both blessing and curse in this case, as it does too little to distinguish itself from the 1960 classic.
It should be noted that The Magnificent Seven is more like a very cool two and a half, counting Ethan Hawke's wonderfully named Goodnight Robicheaux, a former Confederate marksman whose PTSD is a brief drag on the action.
Fantastic cast chemistry and the raw, leading-man star power of Denzel Washington provides a mighty lift when needed.
As usual, Washington is cool as a cuke, Pratt could play this role in his sleep, and Hawke is moving from hipster to hipflask swigger with grace.
As passably entertaining as the film is, it never surrenders to the abandon of its action and as such never feels like it shifts out of first gear.
The John Ford cliches clang against the Sergio Leone sloppy seconds with the hollow ring of a church bell.
Most of these characters barely register as human at all for the first two-thirds of the film, in which they are virtually indestructible.
Strong direction from the always versatile Antoine Fuqua and game performances from the entire cast make The Magnificent Seven a total blast from start to finish.
Oh wait, so you decided to wait until September to give us a halfway decent summer action movie? Thanks, I think.
Perfectly acceptable escapism.
It's a really solid, really fun classical shoot 'em up.
They say each generation deserves their own version of a classic story, and Magnificent 7 is the version this generation deserves: polished but still remarkably unremarkable.
An entertaining film but nothing else. [Full review in Spanish]
Not quite magnificent but certainly Fuqua's best since Training Day and a rare remake that actually delivers. Yee-haw!
Fuqua's remake is a complacent film and nothing else. [Full review in Spanish]
There's a fine line between a slowburn and dull, and this Magnificent Seven frequently finds itself on the wrong side.
Slick but forgettable, Fuqua's suicide squad is a macho posse movie that could use a jab of fun. It's The Magnificent Seven, but the "magnificent" is silent.
A vehicle for wall-to-wall action, and an unambiguously fond farewell to the Obama years.
It's awfully pleasant to watch Denzel Washington, Chris Pratt, Vincent D'Onofrio and Ethan Hawke (among others) saddle up and ride out against an evil coal baron (Peter Sarsgaard) who's trying to drive some settlers off their land.
The western genre is defined by its gritty and grimy aesthetic. Fuqua crafts his world with too little tumbleweed and too much Hollywood sheen.
Doesn't find enough interesting new wrinkles on the old formula.
It's a reminder that movies don't just entertain. They can inform. They can smuggle in new ideas, and set new expectations. If that's the kind of thing that can be achieved by remaking classic old movies, I'm all for it.
An exercise in genre that has echoes of the John Sturges and Akira Kurosawa versions, but little of the charm of the former and none of the depth of the latter.
Maybe some classics should just stay classics.
The Magnificent Seven is Western "dumb fun," which works just fine with proper expectations.
The world needs the Three Amigos! treatment as much as they do Seven Samurai -- just don't expect anything more.
Magnificent? Not quite, but a more accurate title -- say, The Perfectly Average Seven -- doesn't pack the marketing punch needed to sell the latest retelling of a very familiar story.
A bigger, but dumber and louder remake.
It's a rousing good time at the movies.
Fuqua's Magnificent Seven is Fast & Furious on horses -- The Wild Bunch for people who will never bother to see The Wild Bunch
'The Magnificent Seven' seems to be happiest when it's mindless action spectacle, but it's disappointing that Fuqua doesn't ask for anything more.
Too traditional for its own good, Fuqua makes an entertaining underdog tale, but not one that justifies revisiting a classic.
A fun reboot of the classic ensemble western. Denzel Washington is at his best as the gun-slinging leader.
What Fuqua's Magnificent Seven lacks in originality it makes up for in personality, with his Training Day and The Equalizer compadre Denzel Washington earning his oats as an ensemble leader in his first western.
Nothing particularly original or fresh has been injected into this competently made, violent but uningratiating remake of the star-studded John Sturges Western, which itself was a redo of Akira Kurosawa's imperishable 1954 classic, Seven Samurai.
A fun and surprisingly fresh Western that takes aim at Donald Trump's America.
Such an unapologetic throwback to old-fashioned western heroism that 'de-visionist' is the only descriptor that reasonably comes to mind. It's an uncomplicated, handsome, exciting action-adventure.
Satisfying, action-packed remake of the 1960 western classic, with an appealing ensemble cast led by Denzel Washington.
A solid script and cast and a fantastic ending battle helps Antoine Fuqua's first Western stand out despite being rather conventional.
The Magnificent Seven is what Suicide Squad should have been.
There's certainly enough verve, and love for the genre, to help one get past its trouble spots, but you can't help feeling the mercenary thinking behind rehashing this mercenary yarn.

@highlight

The Magnificent Seven never really lives up to the superlative in its title -- or the classics from which it draws inspiration -- but remains a moderately diverting action thriller on its own merits.