. . .[Director Laura] Poitras' film allows ordinary Iraqi people to state their experiences and their understanding about what is happening in their country. Their plainspoken words have far more impact than any series of talking head interviews.
Powerful and moving.
Part of the problem with the film, though, is that some of the scenes with the doctor and his family and the doctor and his patients have a staged feel to them -- as if, they were also putting on a "show."
Poitras demonstrates fine judgement in making Dr. Riyadh the central focus of her well-detailed story.
The documentary maintains an observant distance from the sweep of history, and even the elections.
Poitras creates a vivid portrait of Iraqi civilians siding with neither the U.S. occupation nor the insurgents but just looking for the killing to end.
A compelling report.
A memorable portrait of a nation's growing pains.
In 90 captivating minutes, Laura Poitras' extraordinary documentary My Country, My Country gives you a greater understanding of the situation in Iraq than you'd get from 100 hours of Fox News or CNN.
... day-to-day life under occupation where citizens still live without power... and extremist rebels wage a campaign of intimidation against Iraqis and Americans alike.
The camera should never leave the four walls of the Riyad family home. Beyond that story, there is a dullness to the pacing and the wider tale of the Iraqi elections.
Despite some flaws--docu doesn't illustrate the political backdrop or explains where the Sunis fit vis-a-vis the Kurds, Shia, Arbas--Poitras' feature is essential in venturing into new grounds that no journalists or directors have previously explored
What My Country, My Country does best is show us that while both the Americans and the Iraqis care about the country's future, their cultural backgrounds and world views inevitably make them seem alien to each other.
The film delivers powerful images of a country mired in chaos, where explosions, gunfire, power outages and unrest rule the day, leading to a national despondency that understandably fails to rise above the endemic suffering and daily death.
Remarkable.
... sobering documentary ...
Journalism at its finest, as has not been practiced in the U.S. in some time.
The movie attempts to paint too large a canvas.
The fascinating story of the heroism of a busy Sunni doctor in Baghdad running for parliament in Iraq's January 30, 2005, election.
It's interesting from the standpoint of giving faces to the news stories, but the documentary isn't all that compelling.
Though the events have a rambling overfamiliarity, there's a real story between the lines: the resentment over the U.S. occupation on the part of non-insurgent Iraqis.
Is Laura Poitras in favor of the event she is filming or against it?
Quietly damning.
Poitras boldly dispenses with the traditional documentary voice-over, but her film is filled with telling moments that are far more eloquent than any scripted narration.
From its plaintive title to its melancholy soundtrack, My Country, My Country is an appropriately mournful look at the chaos of Iraq under American occupation.
Often, the film is muddled -- it isn't until the second half that the doctor who is the main subject is revealed to be a Sunni who considers the people who blow up schools and police stations to be 'the resistance.'
Hard to watch but important to see, this compassionate documentary tracks the considerable travails of Iraqis living under U.S. occupation.
Although this incisive documentary features an extraordinary Iraqi, it offers real insight into the general state of mind and peoples' reactions to the American occupation.
Laura Poitras's film depicts the way in which managing perception of the ongoing war is as vital as any battlefield success or failure.
A still-timely, quietly hard-hitting look at the Iraqi situation.
My Country, My Country chronicles events leading to the January 2005 Iraq elections with such breadth and detail that it almost feels as if they're being revealed for the first time.
... easily the most valuable piece of film to emerge about the war in all of its three-plus years.
Courageous effort by Laurie Poitras to tell painful truths about Iraq under occupation
Skillfully uses docu-drama style to unfold the drama in Iraq before and during its first democratic election in 2005.
Laura Poitras' illuminating documentary provides a vivid picture of the events surrounding the January 2005 Iraqi election.
Regardless of on which side of the fence viewers stand, this documentary will reverberate.

@highlight

This war documentary offers a valuable look at Iraqi life under the U.S. occupation, and finds a compelling central subject in Dr. Riyadh.