Seeing Exhibition is like spying through a window on our most glamorous neighbors moving about their flat: it's kind of kinky, kind of fun.
Hogg maintains a probing detachment and a cold intimacy. As befits the title, she presents her subjects like specimens in an exhibit, with a rigorously structured style that is non-judgmental and unsparing.
It's a very brave and unapologetically cerebral approach to have taken, but it often feels like there's just too little there, too few life rings thrown to the average, non-art-student viewer, to keep us engaged.
A house is not only a living and work space for a woman, but a reflection of her thoughts and emotions. . . as she slowly adjusts to life change through intriguing images.
With Exhibition, Joanna Hogg advances her impressive directing style with a visually striking - if decidedly chilly - look at a couple reaching stalemate in their stifling London home.
If "Exhibition" lacks conventionally developed characters and dialogue, it is visually enthralling.
A film that's all airy, abstract pretentiousness.
Hogg's third feature magnifies the relationship between people and the spaces they live in with a keen eye for the way the two tend to blend together.
The importance of Location, Location, Location in the British psyche cannot be overemphasised. Joanna Hogg's brilliantly austere and intimate portrait of a marriage recognises this.
Taut, clinical and dryly clever.
The whole thing teeters between very boring and completely fascinating.
Beautifully shot with an acute eye for crisp composition, this intimate mood piece explores the subtle intricacies and low-level power struggles of long-term love in forensic detail.
There's considerable talent on display in Exhibition, but it's the kind of thing people mean when they use the term "art film" as a pejorative.
More bourgeois angst from Joanna Hogg in an abstract form that should enthral fans, but may exasperate casual viewers.
Albertine and Gillick are superb for untrained actors in a distinctly naturalist-style drama. Hogg, however, is the real star of the show.
Exhibition proclaims itself to be an assertively front-facing film: an object knowingly placed on view, inviting or challenging us to contemplate it from outside.
Exhibition reaffirms Hogg's status as a distinctive, singular and challenging voice of British cinema.
A follow-up to the terrific, unconventional Archipelago that continues Hogg's ascent as one of Britain's more interesting independent filmmakers.
Hogg's quietly ambitious film, like the characters it depicts, is a little too in thrall to the airless, deadened space of the house.
Well acted, and occasionally droll, this is an abstract piece of work that doesn't quite excavate enough character interest to compensate for the lack of narrative.
Joanna Hogg's intimate portrait of married life is her finest offering yet.
It's less a story and more the capturing of a moment; well done without having much to say.
A marriage, a house and its rooms and sounds, and a move, all filmed in a manner that seems both improvised and relaxed while at the same time controlled and formal.
This a movie quite uninterested in the structural conventions of narrative, though there is a story - of a sort. It is also uninterested in the conventional tonal imperative of irony, though there is comedy, and tragedy - of a sort.
Work from the forefront of our new national cinema, and it rattles your nerves like stones in a tin.
Hogg's third film mounts a dead-on study of disconnection.
Both Hogg's exceptional use of space and the complex sound design ensure that the striking architecture D and H inhabit is as much of a character as they are.
Writer-director Joanna Hogg doesn't present a cohesive story so much as drop a viewer into a series of inscrutable moments. We deal more with impressions than facts.
Hogg captures the chilliness of indecision and the problems that can come from lives dominated by the cycle of work - although she also gives a sense of the shared bond between the characters.
Hogg gradually fostering an atmosphere of marital anxiety that her cast (musician Viv Albertine and conceptual artist Liam Gillick) struggle to convey at first, but eventually make strangely hypnotic.
A skillfully assembled portrait of an artistic couple who are preparing to sell their impressive London home.

@highlight

Exhibition flouts convention with its untrained stars and impressionistic narrative; thankfully, writer-director Joanna Hogg ties it all together into an intimate, beautifully shot drama.