The result is a sweet, silly and sad film that is the comedy of the summer, a quiet ode to Britishness and the pub, and to the unshakeable notion that nothing will come between a man and his pint.
... it isn't trying to be a blockbuster, and yet it out-blockbusters almost everything else this summer...
Simon Pegg, both as writer and star of the film, understands fully how to inhabit the world of the perennial adolescent, narcissistic to a pathological degree and blind to the damage he wreaks.
Where Shaun Of The Dead was inspired, this is comfortingly repetitive. But hey, isn't that the main attraction of any pub?
The thing lurches like a drunken bear from scene to scene, looking for the right tone or rhythm to move it into gear.
The World's End is pretty blasted funny and a fine finale to director/cowriter Edgar Wright and star/cowriter Simon Pegg's so-called 'Cornetto Trilogy.'
It is a more mature piece of work, which seems a peculiar way to label a zippy comedy about drinking beer and outrunning the apocalypse.
[The World's End] soon turns from this not-quite-nostalgic focus to one more like Pegg and Edgar Wright's first two Cornetto movies, which is to say, a melding of well-known genres in order to spoof them.
The World's End is not only the season's funniest movie but also its best action thriller, its best addiction drama, and its best movie about the apocalypse.
The World's End marks the third part of Pegg and Wright's self-described "Cornetto trilogy." It's an appropriate moniker. With this final film they've slowed down a bit, grown up a lot. And saved the richest bite until last.
If you're looking to laugh your butt quite literally off of your body and leave with some food for thought, then The World's End may just be the tastiest flavor of the Cornetto Trilogy yet.
The World's End, in its frequent oscillations of tone, rides toward a logical end-point that makes for the simultaneous fulfillment and subversion of expectations.
This is, apparently, how the world ends. Not with a whimper, but a laugh.
The thinness of the plot -- as opposed to the sturdy themes -- and sitcom-y snap of the dialogue only tire towards the end.
here's an engaging chemistry between the five boozers, while the surprise cameos, early 1990s indie soundtrack, zany violence and visual effects add to a self-aware, matey romp that slips down a treat.
The film suffers due to Pegg's wearying, laddish performance, which comes off as simply obnoxious: Imagine Jim Carrey at his most manic, throwing his arms out wide as if appealing directly to the audience for a laugh.
It's fun enough to be appreciated by audiences who aren't already fans of the series. But it also feels rote, and almost safe, in a way that a Wright and Pegg movie shouldn't.
A heady, industrial-sized vat of Wright's unique, morish humour.
Until it bogs down in multiple endings that could have been trimmed or even dropped, it operates as a surprisingly piercing metaphor for everyone's central fear while facing middle age, that of being replaced.
The barrelling fun and fizzy invention of the film-making is unstoppable. Calling last orders on a great trilogy, this is one of the most entertaining British films of the year, so far.
While "The World's End" might be a rousing success in the canon of many other inferior filmmakers, for Edgar Wright it's a step down.
A full package of entertainment.
Pegg gives arguably his best performance in the three films, and his chemistry with Frost is unbeatable.
While it also suffers from a slow start and stretched premise, the charm of its stars getting wasted and debunking an intergalactic conspiracy goes a long way.
Maybe it is time to move on from the genre mash-up, but this is a thundering way to go out.
There's pun-laden dialogue and slapstick violence aplenty, but the meta element feels sloppy.
A movie that will unexpectedly challenge your expectations in some of the funniest ways you can imagine.
It's fine in its way, a fond and silly salute to pub crawls, old friends, crap cars, roundabouts, British eccentricity and keeping your head in a crisis -- it's just terribly hit-and-miss.
It's high old fun, though it plays as a bit too much of a rehash of Pegg and Wright's Shaun of the Dead.
Wright is one of the most original and energetic filmmakers out there, and paired with Pegg and Frost's expert rapport and a highly charismatic cast, there is no limit to what the team can tackle.
Wright uses what he learned on Scott Pilgrim to further his long-standing ability to craft genre comedies that are adept at both the comedic aspects and capturing the crowd-pleasing conventions of the genre with which the comedy is combined.
The World's Ends ultimately succeeds where its protagonists fail, proving it's possible to grow up without getting old.
As in their previous comedies, Pegg and Frost play men who refuse to stop acting like boys. But these pint-swilling Peter Pans also know how to work the heart and the brain for belly laughs.
If Wright doesn't quite sustain this astonishing mixture of sadness and silliness all the way through, he gets major points just for attempting it in the first place.
The gonzo side of the plot is not quite as engaging as the human drama, and the scenes in which the characters meet up and try to mesh again are some of the best in the film.
Director Edgar Wright is as brilliant as ever...
Regrettably, the Cornetto Trilogy goes out with a whimper.
Retaining the hilarious chaos and offhand hipness expected of Mssrs. Wright, Pegg and Frost, The World's End doesn't quite spark with Shaun of the Dead's audacious freshness, but is great fun and a definite improvement over the fizz-free Hot Fuzz.
You might want to have a beer after you see 'The World's End,' the latest from the creative team of Simon Pegg, Nick Frost and Edgar Wright.
To me, it is not quite up to the level of their previous films ('Shaun of the Dead' and 'Hot Fuzz') but it is still good enough to recommend.
the first part of the movie is so good--so knowing and funny and raucous and even bittersweet in its depiction of male arrested development--that all the sci-fi silliness that runs rampant in the second part feels derivative and unnecessary
Let's hope this crew from the UK continues to stand up against the Starbucking of movies.
I'd estimate that 75% of The World's End is enjoyable. The other 25% isn't bad, just repetitive.
The early going of the film is terrific ... This material is so strong that it's almost a shame when the science fiction angle takes over.
Pegg's character is obnoxious yet strangely charming, sort of like the movie, which ultimately provides more smiles than big laughs.
But even with its flaws, The World's End serves up a wild plot, a boisterously engaging ensemble, and a sincere exploration of what friendship is.
Wright/Frost/Pegg present a screwball Sci-fi comedy
The most grown-up film of the trilogy. ... Instead of giving us characters who find happiness by rediscovering their youth, they show us the folly of resisting adulthood.
A serious misfire, unfunny, unexciting, uninvolving and, perhaps the worst sin of all, incredibly self-indulgent to the detriment of the audience's enjoyment.
The most inventive, humane comedy in ages, probably the best-directed action film of the summer, and easily the most intelligent science-fiction story in a year lousy with the things.
Simon Pegg is a funny man who can make any movie better with his performance, but not this one.
The World's End is classic British comedy: It's anarchy versus conformity with conformity never standing a chance.
Doesn't quite live up to its immediate predecessor, Hot Fuzz, but handily bests the first film, Shaun of the Dead.
The first 30 minutes had me hooked but when it turned into an over-the-top mashup of a sci-fi alien invasion flick you lost me, guys. Geeks will flock but so what?
Says the Rosamund Pike character: 'You come back (home), and everything is the same, but different.' The science-fiction element of the story, when it appears, offers a clever literal explanation for this unsettling, uncanny feeling.
Pegg is at his manic best here, presenting Gary's arrested adolescence as a badge of honor, while also hiding a sad secret that explains his fierce determination to finish the pub crawl even as the robots turn lethal.
Wright & Pegg continue making the sort of films that the 12-year-old versions of themselves probably always dreamed of being a part of; that sense of joy and practically disbelief that they actually get to do this for a living is right up there on-screen.
What if John Wyndham decided to write a comedy?
The film's strength is its comedic bent - there are some very funny moments contained herein.
If you're part of the group that's been anticipating this movie for more than five years, it may be a bit of a letdown.
I refuse to call it a trilogy....I hope they end up with at least as many in the series as there are flavors of Cornetto ice cream treats.
The comedy trio returns in a lesser effort, funny, but not up to their previous successes.
A rollicking entertainment, boasting some terrific (and terrifically unexpected) plot twists, a bunch of laugh-out-loud gags and clever action set-pieces.
Like his earlier films, Wright refuses to rest on mere genre convention
There are layers upon layers here, all guaranteed to make you laugh and maybe even make you feel a feeling.
The World's End, weighed down by ineffective, incoherent fight sequences and a repetitive second half, ultimately establishes itself as just another bloated and overblown summer blockbuster...
Far from the crowning conclusion, the third serving of the Cornetto Trilogy melts slowly for 109 minutes, resolving into a gooey, sticky mess.
a story that is at once a sly commentary on relationships, a bittersweet contemplation on the fleeting nature of youth, and a devastating satire on cultural imperialism
For all their horsing around, the truth is Wright is an accomplished filmmaker who embeds story in the very mechanics of cinema.
Think of it as The Best Exotic Marigold Hotel with middle-aged men in English pubs with aliens, robots and a lot more drinking.
Pegg gives a fantastic, no-holds-barred performance here, arguably the best of his career. (Full Parental Review also available)
Like Ghostbusters, takes a plot that keeps one-upping its own ridiculousness and grounds it with a cast of talented actors who commit to the material 1000%, reacting honestly to the preposterousness around them without jumping outside the text.
Funny but not end-of-the-world funny.
The World's End isn't as unique as Pegg and Wright's prior 'Cornetto' entries but it's still a solid film that should satisfy returning series fans and comedy lovers.
A fat, juicy cherry on top of a memorably madcap trilogy.
Fantastically funny, weird film has violence, alcohol, more.
Yes, The World's End is funny and fun, and yes it will make you want to go get blasted at a traditional pub. But, like all the best science fiction, it also has a lot to say about humanity and who we are and how we screw up.
Robert Frost famously mused 'Some say the world will end in fire/Some say in ice.' I prefer Edgar Wright's vision: It will end in a pub.
It has resonance-the violence and destruction addresses the questions that bedevil every maudlin old drinker. Why is every town getting to look the same? Why do formerly fun-loving friends become dour middle-aged middle-managers?
Very funny!
The World's End is out to give its audience a good time, which the cast seems to be having from start to finish.
After briefly catching comic lightning, the fun fades. Actor-screenwriter Simon Pegg and director-screenwriter Edgar Wright paint their characters into a pub corner.
the film starts off with the best of intentions and ends like an epic pub crawl usually does. No hangover, though - it's a good time in retrospect.
The only way to make The World's End any better would be to actually see it in a theater that serves beer.
It's an improbable combination that is very funny and shamelessly alcoholic, and evokes -- somewhere in the slurred collapse of its characters -- a fond nostalgia for the good old days.
The movie stands out for two reasons: Simon Pegg is hilarious and Edgar Wright directs with flair.
Agreeably zany.
Wright and Pegg's rickety and ridiculous mash-up of narrative elements is actually a sophisticated attempt to grapple with real emotions and ideas.
The movie throws itself headlong toward the ridiculous when it begins to live up to its title.
Most of the credit belongs to Wright, whose chaotic style belies the film's meticulous construction.
A rare film that's as much fun as you've heard.
There's not much more you can ask from a movie like this. It's a rare drinking comedy that doesn't require you to be drunk to enjoy it.
Wright isn't a subtle filmmaker -- but he is a joyful one. Who wouldn't drink to that?
A delightfully original premise for a laugh-out-loud movie.
"The World's End", albeit borrowing somewhat from past movies, is as original as it is funny.
It's the least of Pegg and Wright's three creative collaborations, but nonetheless diverting for those tuned to its hyper-pop-culture wavelength.
The funniest movie of 2013
With a ton of heart, sentimentality, and a huge emphasis on friendship, The World's End puts a spin on the imperfections all humans have and delivers a film that is near perfect because of it.
'The World's End' is really about the dangers of nostalgia and how you can never truly go home again, even if there hasn't been an alien invasion.
To my surprise, a diamond has emerged from the gutter. Its name is The World's End, and it'll knock you on you ass from laughing when you're not rubbing your eyes in disbelief.
I enjoyed the playfulness of its actors and Edgar Wright's direction...(but) at nearly two hours, the movie gets long and belabored for a lightweight comedy that doesn't have much of gravitas to say.
Not as funny as their previous efforts but this is probably Edgar Wright, Simon Pegg and Nick Frost's most confident and well-conceived film yet.
Between these films and "Scott Pilgrim Versus the World," Wright has become very deft at using genre conventions to illustrate the human comedy while still giving his audience a ripping good time.
"World's End" had me feeling like a grumpy interloper at someone else's raucous reunion.
Wright and Pegg now sry their sights on the subject of nostalgic obsession itself.
Although its humor is not for all tastes, no one can say this crazy picture doesn't have the guts to live up to its title.
It overflows with middle-aged angst over lost youth. And laments the generic nature of our corporate-driven culture.
Let's hope Wright, Pegg and Frost concoct more wild doomsday scenarios together. Their work makes for a good time at the movies ...
This is cheeky British irreverence at its best, and there's even a bit of meaning and moral behind it all if you can see through the laughter.
Life's too short to waste your time on this, even if the end isn't near.
[T]he real surprise of The World's End is the wounded heart beating underneath the gags.
...one of the most entertaining movies to have come out this summer.
Obvious nods to old sci-fi gems ... also enter the crowded picture, which falls short of perfection only during a prolonged last few minutes when the gang bravely reaches beyond formula.
Gets things all wrong, its sarcastic humor more often than not limp and its play for drama tone-deaf and overbearing when a lighter touch might have made a greater impact.
Don't feel excluded if you haven't seen the zombie comedy Shaun of the Dead and the buddy cop comedy Hot Fuzz... because The World's End stands on its own as hilarious high-end nonsense.
I pretty much unreservedly loved The World's End, whose compact dramatic structure and steady flow of good jokes puts most mainstream American comedies-too often loosely bundled collections of hit-or-miss sketches-to shame.
Seriously, what's not to like?
"The World's End" mines humor from the prospect of hapless, decidedly unsober fellows confronted with the potential end of life as we know it. When the movie is funny, it's very funny ...
The movie shifts midstream ... and never regains its footing.
Wright knows how to keep the energy spinning, but he also doesn't know when to stop.
This inspired nutball comedy is like its heroes on their mission: It just gets progressively more nuts, more blotto.
"The World's End" is more like an antic sugar high than a reeling, drunken stupor. There are no headaches, dry mouth or crushing shame at the end - no "Hangover," in other words. I'll drink to that.
Simon Pegg is on fire here, giving a truly balls-to-the-wall performance as Gary. It's his best ever, especially as he partakes in an all out bar brawl without spilling a drop of his pint
It's too long, and the ending is curious, but the overall combo of serious themes and ridiculous situations is a joy to witness.
It's outrageous satire, bruisingly funny slapstick and - while never too snooty to stoop for lowdown laughs - deliciously smart besides.
"The World's End" is more frantic than funny, but it's still funny enough-just-to outweigh its own silliness.
"World's End" is easy to relate to, but it's the guys and the clever/silly script that make it so much fun.
There are times when I'd kill for a pint, but I don't think I've ever been ready to die for one. That, however, is the situation faced by Gary King (Simon Pegg) in the hilarious pub-crawl-meets-apocalypse that is The World's End.
The movie independently bungles everything it tries, like a Central Park busker who simultaneously sucks at juggling, harmonica playing and skateboarding.
Capping a summer movie season when humanity was practically extinct every other weekend, Wright gives Armageddon a funnier name than even This Is the End did.
...turns from anti-buddy comedy to classically British small-village science fiction paranoia.
If you haven't succumbed to movie TMI about World's End, stop reading now, go see this smart and hilarious comedy about the double-edged sword called nostalgia, and read my review later.
Hilarious, wistful and eventually bizarre ...
If someone turned "99 Bottles of Beer on the Wall" into a movie, it might look like "The World's End." If you added killer robots.
Even while tackling sensitive issues such as alcoholism, bullying, and the consequences of nonconformity, Pegg and Wright never take themselves or their characters too seriously.
"The World's End" has the aura - and this might only be an attractive illusion - of something imagined whole, in a burst of inspiration, rather than as something labored over.
An arrested-development comedy that develops into something else altogether.
A bittersweet, marvelously effective end of a certain goofy era, when friends banding together were enough to save the world.
Isn't as wacky as 'Shaun of the Dead' or 'Hot Fuzz,' but it's amusing enough to please their many fans and plenty of others besides.
The world doesn't end with a whimper, but with ingenious laughter, making this off-the-chart genre-bending comedy the funniest and most original movie of the summer.
The movie is madly, wonderfully at odds with itself.
Some inner logic may not hold up under the sober light of day, but this unusual action-comedy has the loosey-goosey feel of something that can't miss, like a soused round of bar pool.
This movie isn't just smart, it's also wise.
Pegg and Wright's movies laugh, bleed and explode in the face of maturity, even as they begrudgingly recognize the virtue of it.
It's about as much fun as you'll have at a movie this summer, especially if you see it at one of those theaters that serve beer.
Far from pining for their glory days, Wright and company are living them now. The World's End looks, despite its title, like just the beginning for all involved.
Even for its flaws, it is hard to ask for more from a late summer movie than "The World's End."
It's a little too close to "Shaun of the Dead" (and to Wright's "Scott Pilgrim vs. the World") in its structure and gags, and while there are plenty of laughs, you wish they were bigger ones, particularly in the beginning.
So fun and so funny.
You can go home again. But it's going to involve a lot of drinking.
Coming at the end of a summer at the movies that's been apocalyptic in both theme and quality, The World's End feels timely and refreshing.
Amusing and impeccably designed and photographed, the latest work from Wright, Pegg, and Frost comes across a tad undercooked, as though the creative team was backed into making a movie instead of triumphantly mounting one.
The movie never makes fun of geek tropes, but it does indulge in rapid-fire pop culture allusions that go so bloody fast you need to see it twice to catch them all.
...for much of the movie I was prepared to say that The World's End was easily the best of the Wright/Pegg/Frost collaborations. But then came that ending.
...Wright, Pegg, and Frost turn The World's End into a classic comedy with enough depth to defy even the most massive expectations.
Wright still cuts his footage with a youthful vigor, capturing every tapped pint of lager with a snappy hiss, but his players (especially Frost and Pegg) are ready to go darker.
It's the nerd-dream technological singularity turned into a logistical nightmare, where free will is diametrically opposed to the next stage of our evolution.
The World's End is gruesomely gooey and wonderfully clever without skimping on real three-dimensional characters.
Like many reunions, "The World's End" is based on memories of past glories, when all of this seemed a little more fresh. Still, it's nice to see the old gang back together.
Riffing on a wide variety of science fiction classics such as Invasion of the Body Snatchers (1956) and Invasion of the Body Snatchers (1978), director Edgar Wright keeps the laughs and the left turns coming.
A sudsy victory lap for Team "Shaun of the Dead." Damned witty.
"The World's End" one of those bittersweet coming-home films that show how difficult it is to really, well, go home. Because it's never the same.
As a beer-lover might put it, an experience that's both heady and effervescent
The laddish pleasures of The World's End, Edgar Wright's comedy about a group of middle-aged guys drinking beer and facing mortality, come with a bittersweet edge.
The World's End might be the best time you'll have at the movies all year. It is a complete blast: urgently paced, hilariously clever and blisteringly profane.
The movie is all about the set-up - something that becomes a crutch disguised as a narrative tic as the story unfolds.
Once again, Wright's direction is wonderfully playful and energetic, and the script he and Pegg have contrived is full of surprises.
For Edgar Wright/Simon Pegg/Nick Frost fans, I suppose this silly, stylized, slapstick British romp is a ridiculously amusing, apocalyptic riff.
This is by light-years the most entertaining movie of the year. How many apocalyptic sci-fi action extravaganzas leave you feeling as if the world is just beginning?
...may not be as funny or inventive as its trailblazing predecessors, but it still has enough of the good stuff to put most big-budget Hollywood comedies to shame. (Video Review)
An ordinary drama embellished and in some sense infringed on by genre elements rather than the other way around.
The crazy scenario provides an opportunity for Simon Pegg, Nick Frost and the rest of the cast to showcase their comedic talents.
The weakest film in the three, which is a disappointing way to wrap up a trilogy, but once it stumbles past its lumbering first act it warms up considerably.
A brilliantly bonkers take on alien invasion sci-fi films... Wright and Pegg serve up some glorious gags, fizzing action scenes and cannily timed surprises.
Proudly wears science fiction influences on its sleeve, and has a ball doing it, but the personal character journey inward expertly trumps any lip service to a specific genre
A fantastic ensemble farce that shows why nobody does comedy like the Brits.
The Cornetto Trilogy deserves to be studied in schools for many reasons, and The World's End doesn't let the team down.
Edgar Wright's finale to the Cornetto Trilogy's The World's End is finally upon us and it's a suitably poetic and conclusive last call for Simon Pegg and Nick Frost's 'man-child' dynamic duo.
In an ironic twist, this time it's the everyday that proves more involving and amusing than the film's shaky detour into the extraordinary.
They work through some of the comedy material worked into the screenplay, which relies on a few crazy twists and high range sci-fi-based fantasy
There's a wonderful zany energy about this offbeat comedy from the Shaun of the Dead and Hot Fuzz team whose exposition relies on a winning combination of character, ideas and execution. It may not sizzle, but the film is great
A wonderfully touching and hilarious final chapter to Wright's Cornetto Trilogy, The World's End is a truly satisfying exploration of nostalgia and friendship
A remarkable, thoughtful comedy with memorable characters and striking action sequences.
As in real life, what is hilarious laddish behaviour to some will be annoyingly immature to other viewers. But the Ford Granada is perfect.
Besides closing on a downbeat final note - as opposed to Shaun and Fuzz's ebullient endings - this is a good old time at the movies, the kind only a born filmmaker can provide.
A little too long, perhaps, but highly amusing, and handsomely photographed (Bill Pope) and designed (Marcus Rowland).
Here's the movie that invites man-children everywhere, both out and closeted, to relax: it feels your pain.
As a film whose central theme emphasizes the dangers of living in the past, Wright & co. become fatally distracted by nostalgia, eventually paying too much homage to previous classics to create a film that deserves to stand alongside them.
Wright and Co. have produced another excellent comedy that, although it falls a little short of their previous two films, still delivers all the laughs that we've come to expect from the trio.
Wright's terrifically precise approach to comedy remains as well-honed as ever.
It manages to play as much like an ode to kooky alien invasion thrillers as it does to the joys of getting plastered with friends.
Maybe fashioning it as a trilogy with "Shaun" and "Hot Fuzz" wasn't a great idea since it leads to comparisons it can't possibly live up to being such a different movie.
Wright directs with typical energy and effectively papers over an absence of plot.
A very funny closing chapter to the Blood And Ice Cream trilogy, The World's End is more than satisfying. It's hilarious, action-packed and has more one liners than you can shake a pool cue at.
Its humor is a little more uncomfortable than that of the other Cornetto flicks, and it's more far satirical, in a far more cynical way, than I ever would have anticipated.
if you loved Shaun and Hot Fuzz, don't hesitate. You need some affection for men who are having problems growing up, perhaps.
It's all I can do to stop myself from mentioning Lesbian Vampire Killers. (Oops! Too late.)
For all its flaws, The World's End is fun. It's not as appealing as Shaun Of The Dead, but I preferred it to Hot Fuzz.
In its role as a comedy of ideas as well as gags, The World's End places the blame on a force more sinister even than globalisation.
Side-splittingly hilarious, The World's End deftly balances its character work with lashings of comedy and impressive action sequences.
Sharply directed and superbly acted, this is a hugely entertaining and frequently hilarious sci-fi comedy that stands as a worthy addition to Shaun of the Dead and Hot Fuzz in the so-called Cornetto Trilogy.
The film is witless, inspirationless and flogs its few recurring jokes till they whimper.
After Shaun of the Dead and Hot Fuzz, Pegg and Wright conclude their so-called Cornetto Trilogy with yet another riotously inspired exploration of British culture: the pub crawl.
Edgar Wright/Simon Pegg/Nick Frost have become a comedy brand to rival Richard Curtis/Hugh Grant. They've done it by making comedies with real laughs.
Who else but the Brits would make their action heroes a bunch of complete losers?
Even though some of the jokes are starting to wear a little thin, it's testament to the enduring popularity of the series' central trio that this third installment ticks so many boxes without bringing anything new to the table.
It's definitely a Cornetto, but certainly not the best flavour.
Though darker and in many ways more cavalier than either of its predecessors, the third time is most certainly an ambitious, uproarious, insane, bromantic charm.
Classic sci-fi tropes blend with rambunctious fight choreography along with a witty and touching story about letting go of the past while fighting for the now.
This is a tighter, smarter film than either 'Shaun of the Dead' or 'Hot Fuzz', and buried beneath all the blue-goo aliens and terrible punning is a heartfelt meditation on the perils and pleasures of nostalgia.
I went into The World's End hoping for the best, but the best I could summon up after about two hours were some encouraging smiles.
Bravely refusing to rigidly adhere to a formula that has been so successful, Wright, Pegg and Frost's Cornetto Trilogy closer has tonal shifts you won't expect, but the same beating heart you've been craving.
The World's End calls time with action, laughs and an apocalyptic pub crawl.
The team behind Shaun of the Dead and Hot Fuzz smash out another twisted gem: a boozy buddy movie with a big twist.
The armageddon-through-beer-goggles approach brings the chuckles, but The World's End stands up as a great example of the genre it ribs.
By turns trashy, poignant and gut-bustingly funny, and often all three at once.
The film is as funny and original as Wright and Pegg's previous efforts, even if time and familiarity with the pair's comedy stylings has rendered it not quite as fresh.
Though it doesn't have the smarts of Shaun Of The Dead or the outlandish humour of Hot Fuzz, The World's End provides an explosive climax to the loosely-linked 'Three Flavours Cornetto' series.
At once a Big Chill-style old-pal reunion story and an Invasion of the Body Snatchers homage doused in beer and bad-boy humor ...
The chemistry between Pegg and Frost still fizzes, but at the same time, Pegg (who co-wrote the script) has created a character in Gary King who is one-note - always turned up to eleven.
The latest highly enjoyable exercise in jaunty pastiche from writer-director Edgar Wright and writer-thesp Simon Pegg, the brains behind "Shaun of the Dead," and "Hot Fuzz."
Edgar Wright has a sure hand and a terrific filmic knowledge, and he and Simon Pegg have again crafted a script that goes back to the bare essentials of friendship in the face of adversity.
Though hilarious in parts, and heartwarming in others, The World's End has the great misfortune of simply being branded as a "fun" comedy, and one that is sadly unlikely to amount to being too much more than that.

@highlight

Madcap and heartfelt, Edgar Wright's apocalypse comedy The World's End benefits from the typically hilarious Simon Pegg and Nick Frost, with a plethora of supporting players.