Rolle's passion and perseverance power the film, and along the way he gets a boost from rap mogul Russell Simmons and Bruce Willis.
It makes the viewer uncomfortable, too -- but it's unquestionably honest, like so much of Hip-Hop.
[A] powerful and, if we're lucky, influential documentary.
Based on what we hear, though, it's hard to assess whether anyone has any breakthrough potential. Likewise, there's nothing remarkable about the filmmaking.
Even if you don't particulary care for rap, The Hip Hop Project may persuade you that there's something to be said for it, after all.
Unfortunately, this is a Hallmark version of hip-hop-and it really hurts to knock this film.
More, I can't shed my enthusiasm for what Kazi accomplished, the philanthropic legacy he has crafted to give voices to the voiceles a simply stunning achievement.
A big, wet, sloppy valentine to hip-hop's power to give voice to the voiceless.
The story is compelling enough that even glib phrases like 'healing through hip-hop' can't drag it down.
First-time director Matt Ruskin is a skilled documentarian; he releases information gradually so the narrative develops in an organic fashion that is consistently engaging.
The film meanders, sidetracks, and frustrates -- few of the rap songs, some of them boasting wildly inspired couplets, are shown and heard in their entirety.
Dramatically, the movie lacks motion -- the kids don't seem a lot better off at the end -- and the point of the program escapes me. These kids badly need an education.
[Director] Ruskin is so awed by his subject that he never gains the distance needed to create a bigger, more powerful picture.
Will the music of The Hip Hop Project album change your life? Likely, no. Did the process of making it change the lives of those involved in its creation? Undoubtedly. And that, perhaps, is inspiration enough.
Net profits from the theatrical release of The Hip Hop Project will be donated to youth organizations, so you can feel doubly good about attending this modestly moving tribute to a small but significant kind of inner-city success.
There is some inspired camera work during some of the performance sequences, but none of the performances themselves stick. It's a shame when a film about the power of music doesn't contain one memorable song.
The live performances sizzle. Expect genuine passion behind the music, even when you wonder, as an MTV interviewer does during the film, whether these kids are that much more captivating than a million other hip-hop hopefuls.
All of this is related in a well-meaning, would-be uplifting but ultimately ham-handed manner somewhere between a PBS documentary and a TV movie of the week.
In fact, it is the tyro director's slapdash structure and pacing that distract from the film's content. A rather haphazard architect of his own material, Ruskin tends to rush certain crucial developments while lingering on more lackluster details.
Its most compelling message is about the importance and power of community.
Scenes that should be revelatory, such as a lyric-writing session, are sketchy and fail to give a sense of the work being done.
Despite a jumpy narrative, the film works because Kazi speaks to the kids on their level but from a slight elevation, and the honesty and raw emotion he draws out of them come through.
The commercial pressure that is often brought to bear on rappers to be scurrilous and offensive. This project, which was produced by Bruce Willis and Queen Latifah, shows that there is another way.
This is a story you've heard before: Inner-city kids falling to drugs/crime/pregnancy are saved by the power of music/dance/art. Don't let that premise dissuade you from checking out this documentary.
In a nation that's stripped arts instruction from the public schools, the Hip Hop Project seems like a godsend.
The film works best when it pays specific attention to how hard it is to write a rhyme worth hearing.
Doesn't really make it clear how the program works or how it handles students that can't make the grade. Are sub-par rappers booted?
There's not enough story to the story, which is curious, given that rap is ultimately a tale-telling medium.
The Hip Hop Project has a good heart and more than a little trouble organizing its thoughts.
As a simple story of inspiration, The Hip Hop Project fulfills its objectives.
With 100% of the profits going to non-profit charities devoted to youth, The Hip Hop Project might be the first totally tax deductible movie.
The most impressive accomplishment of Project is not the student-made album, but that when Kazi says cheesy things like 'This is healing through hip-hop,' you actually believe him.
a terrific documentary about a program that aims not only to create new artists but also to teach them valuable lessons in life.
There's an inspirational story lurking within The Hip Hop Project, but directors Matt Ruskin and Scott K. Rosenberg can't quite seem to bring it out.
Though burdened by a need to be uplifting, this commendable docu offers a slick yet affecting look at some aspiring inner-city youngsters, motivated by a charismatic teacher to find their voices figuratively and literally.
the bottom line is that Kazi and his cohorts would be even better served by a film that was more than only intermittently involving, and The Hip Hop Project is not that film.



@highlight

Director Matt Ruskin's enthusiasm for the project is readily apparent, but his film is unfocused, meandering, and frustrating to watch.