Scott Walker: 30 Century Man gestures toward Walker's own process, as he has been and continues to think through the possibilities of sound.
For Walker fans, I imagine 30 Century Man will come as a bit of a vindication, having the knowledge that they knew this world before it had been fully documented and made ready for public consumption
Scott Walker: 30 Century Man (which takes its title from a Walker-penned song) makes a fascinating case that in the years that followed, Walker became the music equivalent of a 'poet's poet.'
Director Stephen Kijak's profile of reclusive pop icon Scott Walker is one of the most remarkable music documentaries in ages.
Scott Walker: 30 Century Man chronicles the career of musician Scott Walker, an enigmatic figure whose influence far outreaches his relative obscurity.
Scott Walker: 30 Century Man is the latest in a mini-wave of pop-music docs, like The Devil and Daniel Johnston, that try to inflate cult figures into lost geniuses.
Those unfamiliar with [Scott Walker] or, especially, those who don't like his music, will be only moderately engaged and ultimately underwhelmed.
Director Stephen Kijak not only got a composed, almost warm interview out of Walker, but he filmed some of the sessions for Walker's latest adventuresome recording project.
By actually playing the music and allowing this commentary, Kijak hits upon a kind of astute music criticism, and an argument for music as challenging as this.
Scott Walker: 30 Century Man glosses over the depression and alcoholism that have bedeviled Walker as well as any relationships he might have had. But that doesn't make the film any less interesting.
One of the best music documentaries ever made, Scott Walker: 30 Century Man will have you yearning to learn more and fully immerse yourself in its subject.
Breathlessly details the step-by-step evolution of an enigmatic musical artist within pop culture from the 1960s on to the avant-garde, though little about the man.
Scott Walker: 30 Century Man, is the story of and oracular singer, experimental composer, British-based American expatriate and reclusive cult figure.
The doc's biggest revelation may be the extent of his stardom, even as he began to explore bawdy Jacques Brel chansons and psychedelic dada crooning.
Stephen Kijak's 30 Century Man hacks away at the mythology surrounding the enigmatic artist, proving that his about-face wasn't nearly as abrupt as it often seems.
A riveting documentary.
A ghostly, sonorous boom that sometimes feels like the loneliest sound in the world.
The proof of the pig is in the pounding: it sounds good.
In an era when revivalism rules, Walker, for good or for bad, continues to plough a lonely but fascinating modernist furrow.
There's an undeniable rock-nerd edge here, as one talking head after another showers praise on the man.
A treat for anyone interested in the creative process.
A pitch-perfect, and hilarious, spoof on pop industry pretension and the biopic format.
With surprising access to Mr. Walker himself and a proper central role for the music, this is a captivating documentary for fans of his or fans of music, full stop.
An unhesitating recommendation for fans and neophytes alike.
Considering the abstract nature of its subject, Scott Walker: 30 Century Man is a surprisingly straightforward look at a man who's been at the cutting edge of music's avant garde for decades.
Like the best music documentaries, Scott Walker: 30 Century Man blends grace and mystery. It should delight longtime Walker fans and introduce him to new ones.
This stylish documentary cleverly examines one of the most influential artists of the past 40 years, telling his personal story and vividly showing his impact on the industry.
There might be genuine Walker fans who wish to see their forgotten hero given his due, but those who have not acquired that strange taste will find the film hard to take unless it is viewed as a dead-on parody.
Longtime fans of Walker's warm, sepulchral baritone, startlingly evocative songwriting and lushly imaginative instrumentation will rejoice at this revealing docu.

@highlight

Scott Walker: 30 Century Man is a stylish portrait of an influential artist that will fascinate fans and neophytes alike.