Robin Williams hasn't been this funny in many moons.
A disappointment for both Robin Williams and Men In Black director Barry Sonnenfeld, this vacation-from-hell plotline quickly grows tedious
...never quite as bad as it probably should have been...
A genuinely terrific main cast makes it all work within the confines of its all-ages intent.
There are some sequences where you will love the characters and others where you can't stand them. Hmm, maybe RV is close to the real thing after all.
i really hated it
This is an ugly, desperate, witless little movie that, even if you happen to like it, will evaporate from your memory in the time it takes to flip the channel.
When it comes to this road-trip comedy, the question isn't 'Are we there yet?' It's: 'Is it over yet?'
Surprisingly palatable family comedy...
Williams' virtuoso hijinking and Daniels' Huggy Bearish bonhomie save this from complete ignominy, but we've seen it all before.
Of course, it all winds up with absurdly contrived lessons about family bonding, including a climactic soliloquy by Williams that's barely short of laughable.
If the words "Robin Williams family comedy" strike terror into your heart, then you may be pleasantly surprised by RV, because for once he's not playing a blubbering man-child.
Not unbearably terrible, just thoroughly mediocre.
RV is a well written comedy and welcome evidence of Williams' talent as a comic actor.
Far more silly than sublime, but it has its moments.
Williams simply can't do much of anything with the forced and recycled material other than occasionally say 'my bad.' Indeed.
RV travels the comic highways similar to those driven by National Lampoon's Vacation's Griswolds, but the insufferable Munros leave us wishing they'd befall a fate more like that of the stranded family in The Hills Have Eyes.
None of the four leads are particularly interesting ... [and Robin Williams'] performance is disheartening
If Robin Williams is seeking a return to comedy glory, RV is not the vehicle that will take him there.
A family film that is only sporadically funny.
The movie will simply make a few million bucks and vanish, relegated to the darker closets of Blockbuster and Netflix, and historians will politely forget about it out of respect for the careers of those involved.
The spirit of Chevy Chase rides again
Robin Williams tricks us into believing he can control his inner maniac beyond the film's first 15 minutes; when he fails, any hopes of RV going off-formula are dashed.
Though Sonnenfeld is credited as the director, no one seems behind the wheel of this comic wreck, which bypasses Williams' funny antics and takes the low road through a torrent -- literally -- of potty jokes.
By the end, the crudity is so excessive, it makes National Lampoon's Vacation look as sophisticated as The Accidental Tourist by comparison.
R.V. isn't just a bad movie; it's more than that, it's symptomatic of a kind of bad movie that seems to be proliferating like cinematic cockroaches.
Munros survive dirt-encrusted pratfalls and exploding stink bombs to become the world's happiest family, we realize that this desperate movie can't even convince itself it's funny.
Outsized huckster idiocy...
In RV, the downwardly spiraling career trajectories of Robin Williams and director Barry Sonnenfeld intertwine like the ropes of a tangled parachute.
It probably sounded like a swell idea in the pitch meeting.
RV works up an ingratiating sweetness that partially compensates for its blunt predictability and meager laughs.
A workmanlike family comedy with enough pratfalls and poo jokes for tykes and enough sentimentality for parents.
Been there done that.
I think at this point somebody needs to tell Robin Williams that the whole white-guy hip-hop routine was played out around 1997.
How fallen is the mighty Robin Williams, to plummet from the quality of "One Hour Photo" to "RV," a nearly unbearable movie.
The best joke is that the RV in question gets 4 miles to the gallon. With mileage like that, not even Hollywood is going to be able to afford the next road-trip film.
Exceedingly juvenile and strained of any colorful imagination not to mention hopelessly lame, RV is a colossally clunky vehicle in every sense of the word.
What follows plays a lot like National Lampoon's Vacation, only without that film's refreshing sense of cruelty
Invariably, each summer vacation movie can be judged by the quality of its obligatory gag related to going to the bathroom in the wilderness or amid the complications of foreign plumbing.
Sonnenfeld tries to do for recreational vehicle vacations what Airplane! did for air travel. And, as evidenced by the film's many big laughs, he mainly succeeds.
Unfunny, sappy and massively predictable.
About the best thing to be said about Barry Sonnenfeld's formulaic comedy of family dysfunction is that once you get past the lengthy, graphic geyser-of-liquid-excrement gag, it's not as irredeemably vulgar as it might have been.
While there's certain promise to a comedy about a family that's almost utterly loathesome (it worked for the Addamses, didn't it?) it's necessary that the movie think so, too.
RV is another disturbing entry in the dark cycle of movies that began for Robin Williams with One Hour Photo and Insomnia. I look forward with queasy dread to what he'll do in Mrs. Doubtfire 2.
Even if you survive the barrage of recycled jokes, after watching this film, you'll never want to go RVing.
RV is a horrible movie about horrible people, and just because they call it a comedy doesn't mean we have to play along.
After V for Vendetta, there comes RV, as in RV for Really Vapid. Amusing, in spots, but still a vapor trail.
During an extended scatological sequence early in RV, the previously unthinkable becomes undeniable: Robin Williams is actually too dignified for some material. What he's required to do in this movie is beneath him, not to mention all over him.
Considering all the movies not being shown to critics this year, why did the studio choose this one to subject us to?
Early in RV, the bratty kids take one look at the titular vehicle and pronounce it a 'big, rolling turd.' The same can be said for Barry Sonnenfeld's woefully unfunny family comedy, a scattershot mess that marks a new low for Robin Williams.
It's about as funny as an explosion in a septic tank.
Cheesy, sappy, full of obvious slapstick and the odd Robin Williams power-improv -- it's National Lampoon's Vacation without the stupidity or the Chevy Chase.
The good news about the Robin Williams comedy RV is that it's not as bad as the TV commercials make it seem.
Yet another aggressively inoffensive family road-trip movie, only with Robin Williams in the Clark Griswold role, and it's pleasant and formulaic and nice looking without bothering to be terribly funny.
RV has laughs spilling out of its overhead bins.
Had director Barry Sonnenfeld spent more time on sing-alongs and barbecues with the two families and less on Bob's punishing job and bad driving, RV might have gotten more happy campers.
RV is a road trip made by people who seem never to have taken one and are disinterested in anything that might happen outside their very narrow focus.
I guess the argument could be made that taking the whole family to RV at least is cheaper than buying a tank of gas these days.
It is funny, and even silly-gross at times, but it has heart and smarts, too.
Who recommended RV to Robin Williams is among the film's many mysteries. Why he took the role is another.
For Robin Williams, once a gifted comedian and an actor who tried hard, it's come to this: RV, one of those Hapless-Dad-Takes-the-Family-on-Vacation movies.
Tired stereotypes, boob jokes, poop geysers and relentless fart references do little to pump up a limp script and a string of embarrassingly unfunny moments for Williams.
Stranded in this movie wasteland, you have to have fun with what you've got.
That RV has any laughs at all is nothing short of miraculous.
The [characters] don't have fun, and neither do we as the script rolls out its mostly juvenile collection of jokes.
RV begins with promising sarcasm and biting laughs, then slips the emergency brake and careens downhill into a forgettable montage of manufactured crises and teachable moments.
RV has some pacing issues and a few jokes with punchlines telegraphed weeks ago, but the strength of the performances and a troop of likable characters transform it from a film you merely wouldn't regret watching to one you'll actually enjoy.
RV has teeth -- more teeth than the last few Steve Martin films, anyway -- but it's terrified to bite down, knowing that the paying audience would feel it more than anyone.
Robin Williams' latest Hollywood vehicle has its own kitchen, sleeping quarters, luggage compartments and toilet, where the studio should have flushed the script the minute it crawled through the door.
Cheery yet repetitive, it's an all-too-familiar road trip filled with speed bumps.
That weird noise you hear in the theatre is a few dozen fingernails digging into armrests.
The cast tries their best to make this a good-time getaway to the movies, but it's kind of like an RV vacation instead of a trip to Hawaii (not quite as much fun as you'd hope for).
In a time when the majority of bad movies out there bore you with their plainness, this one deserves a shred of credit for failing on its own grotesque terms.
more of an endurance test than a pleasure cruise. ... Every time they turn up... Chenoweth and Daniels give this sluggish sitcom a revitalizing shot of adrenaline.
Williams and Sonnenfeld ... get more mileage out of this vehicle than you'd expect.
if getting rained on by fecal matter and fisticuffs with ferocious raccoons (played by three tracks of off-camera Foley-SFX) tickle your funny-bone, then by all means board this trailer-park dump.
Unoriginal and unfunny, Barry Sonnenfeld's RV puts yet another dysfunctional family though the paces of yet another summer vacation.
Jokes that don't work the first time are dragged out interminably and then repeated. And the syrupy little lessons about the importance of family values are forced and synthetic.
... a silly though entertaining movie which - alas - also shows how low the standards have fallen for family films.
Color me surprised when Barry Sonnenfeld's family comedy turned out to be a palatable picture that doesn't rob Robin Williams of his dignity as a comic actor.
There is nothing I much disliked but little to really recommend.
Why a man with the gifts Sonnenfeld has would expend so much effort in making a poo geyser look interesting, I have no idea.
Williams' appearance in this film is the biggest casting faux pas since Julia Roberts as Tinkerbell, Tommy Lee Jones as Two-Face and Kevin Costner in almost anything he does
None of this means the movie is any good, of course, it's just not terrible.
I would rather watch Cheryl Hines sing along hilariously to G.T.O. than hear Robin Williams crouching behind a tree hoping to convince his family he has diarrhea. Criminally, Sonnenfeld feels the opposite.
This is quite possibly the dumbest movie ever made.
For the first 10 minutes, RV is an awesome movie. After that, you'll wish you were watching it at home on DVD, so you could take it out of the player and whip it like a frisbee across the room
R.V. is another one of those movies wherein characters must eventually empty the septic tank on their motor home... but the film goes through with the tired joke anyway.
It's another substandard comedy about a family vacation that goes to hell, and then inexplicably rises to cloud nine, thanks to the exhaustive emasculation of the father, but at least this one has a poop geyser.
Robin Williams dials things down a notch or two for `RV,' and that proves to be just the right volume level for director Barry Sonnenfeld's tolerably manic family comedy.
It's tolerable in stretches.
RV is Vacation for people who loved Flubber.
the RV shows up, and everything that was seemingly clever about Geoff Rodkey's script gets bashed over the head by slapstick comedy choreography and rank toilet humor
Crowd-pleasing, undemanding fun.
You know what to expect from a Robin Williams vehicle. R.V. is better than what you expect.
RV is a family-friendly comedy with some gut-shaking chuckles and a heartwarming message. Sadly, it's also a fine example of what happens when talented people settle for utter mediocrity.
A barely concealed rip-off of National Lampoon's Vacation, this Barry Sonnenfeld-directed, Robin Williams-starring misfire spits out one failed gag after another as it tries to disguise its lack of originality.
By not going for every laugh and trying to steal every scene, Williams allows RV to cruise along smoothly.
RV is a movie founded upon a single, gigantic, gas-guzzling joke, which is then sliced 98 ways during each excruciating minute of its running time: that people who ride around the country in garishly colored land barges are inherently funny.
Moments of subtlety and wit mitigate occasional tendencies toward gross-out humor and Disney-itis.
Which one of these levers do you push to send the RV careering off the mountain for good?
It's vicarious fun. And, with gas prices this summer, who's going to be able to afford this sort of road trip?
The prerelease trailer foretold a pleasant throwback to the National Lampoon's Vacation movies; little did we all realize it'd be a Vacation that stupidly expects us to care for its characters.
It's painful to see Williams, a famously inventive cutup, stuck in a film that finds humor in a man covered in liquid poo or clinging to the windshield wipers of a runaway vehicle. There already is an actor for such roles and his name is Tim Allen.
Robin Williams is such a great comic virtuoso that it can almost hurt to see him straining to pump life into a conventional, uninspired, sometimes-goofy big-studio comedy such as RV.
A few bumps in the road, but overall it's an acceptable Big Dumb Summer Movie.
Skip the trip and kill your family Bob. We won't tell anyone, promise.
Has just enough worldly jadedness to counteract the Seventh Heaven brand of schmaltz that seems to pervade PG films like so much smelly backwater.
The comedy is not revolting garbage, but actually well-written, rapid-paced and funny enough to squeeze howls out of the audience at least once every five minutes. That's not to say Barry Sonnenfeld's film isn't as dumb as an Arizona State football player
Yes, it's another overworked-dad- learns-not- to-neglect- his-kids movie.
The correct response to RV is 'PU.'
A sometimes strange mix of surreal comedy, family values, and Robin Williams suffering.
This is frighteningly outdated formula filmmaking at its worst.
Having recently written Disney's remake of The Shaggy Dog, Geoff Rodkey now unsubtly revisits National Lampoon's Vacation with RV.
Any correlation between this movie and human intelligence is purely coincidental.
Slapstick and sentiment abound during the Munros' laugh-challenged trip to Colorado.







@highlight

An unoriginal and only occasionally funny family road-trip movie, RV is a mediocre effort that not even the charisma of Robin Williams can save.