As a first feature, this is a great start.
Return is a commendable, genuine, and simple drama that effectively highlights the intrinsic trauma soldiers face when trying to come to terms with the reality of life back home.
The writer-director is Liza Johnson, an artist, making her first picture and doing it with considerable grace.
Skipping the usual flashbacks-and-cold-sweats cliches, Return has an understated power, even if the story traverses pretty well-trodden ground.
This is a quiet, honourable, carefully paced little independent movie, like a Sundance Institute coda to The Deer Hunter.
Cardellini holds the restless centre of Liza Johnson's patient, precise drama, which brims with quiet disaffection.
A debut of sober distinction, carried by the seriously good Linda Cardellini as a US Army supply worker whose readjustment to Rust Belt domesticity is touch and go.
As hounourable as its intentions are, the feeling of been there, done that pervades.
Johnson's narrative control is as assured as her visual sense. She skilfully captures the dead-end decency that compounds the servicewoman's mix of trauma and frustration.
Michael Shannon steals the film - when does he not? - as the loving, frustrated husband whose fuse is burning short.
There's no glib emotional grandstanding with the cast - particularly the excellent Cardellini - unshowily inhabiting their roles and underlining the assertion that it really could happen to anybody.
Impressively directed, sharply observed and emotionally engaging drama with a terrific central performance from Linda Cardellini.
It's a focused, unshowy character study, light on fireworks but full of authentic drama and featuring an impressive lead performance from former ER actress Linda Cardellini.
This is Cardellini's film, and she dominates with a terrific, tough-minded turn.
A striking, humane, low-fi coming-home drama whose very title has a relaxed connotation that the movie robustly embodies.
It's a well-made but grim psychological melodrama.
Unique for how normal it is, and laudable for its humbleness.
It's the brief glimpses of unsettling ordinariness -- ho-hum drug dependency, the joy of scoring a good plumbing job, the downsizing of a factory to two lone, lonely figures -- that gives Return its real punch
Cardellini's lovely performance is so vividly expressive in its soulful, anguished stillness.
Liza Johnson's feature film debut tackles a tough subject and comes through with a passing grade. There will be more from her in the future.
This quiet, naturalistic film has a classical arc and a lingering sting.
Finally someone has written a really good role for Linda Cardellini -- a big, prickly, demanding role that puts her onscreen in literally every scene -- and it's a thrill to watch her operating at full throttle.
Shannon chalks up another line on his rapidly growing résumé of memorable performances. But it's mostly Cardellini's show -- she's in every scene.
Sincerity and restraint can be good things in independent movies, but not when you run the risk of putting the audience to sleep...
A quietly devastating, powerful and poignant drama boasting an unflinchingly honest and well-nuanced performance by Linda Cardellini.
With its modest scale and sharp observations, writer-director Liza Johnson's first feature has the quiet impact of a short story.
You admire these characters for their considerable resilience while understanding that even the best-intentioned people can break under the stress.
Superbly communicates the difficulties of military transition and its ensuing confusion, executing its perspective with a refreshing trust in its audience.
Johnson's feel for the rhythms of reconnection are steady, and she and her fine actors make "Return" one of only a handful of films to honestly address what to many is heartbreaking reality.
Honest and downbeat, a movie with no revelations but still some painful truths to share. In a bigger movie, Cardellini might be experiencing a break-out moment.
Return is unusually attuned to its protagonist's alienation, which is especially painful because its source isn't some horrendous event she witnessed, but the hundreds of annoying aspects of everyday life.
Absorbing. (Writer-director Liza) Johnson...is to be commended for her matter-of-fact approach as well as for a refreshing lack of histrionics.
A bargain-budget bore by writer-director Liza Johnson about a female soldier back from a tour of active duty in Iraq who cannot adjust to life at home.
It's what indie filmmaking ought to be.
Firmly in the unassuming indie vein, Return treads lightly and leaves little imprint.
One late sequence ends with a twist that steers the film into a questionable bit of plotting that seems almost entirely at odds with the believable naturalism of the remainder of the movie.
Overly sedate look at a woman's poor adjustment to civilian life upon her return from a war.
A modest, intimate, not particularly engaging American indie (premiering in Cannes Fest) about the adjustment problems of a woman who returns from a tour of duty overseas.



@highlight

Powered by a compelling central performance by Linda Cardellini, Return offers a painfully compelling look at the emotional struggles faced by war veterans.