Tell No One doesn't just keep you guessing; it keeps you on edge from start to finish.
Until an exposition flood so mammoth it has cresting waves, "Tell No One" is as eloquent as it is intricate - a superior depiction of crime, corruption, shame and secrecy. A French-language "Fugitive" with wind-sprint intensity and immediacy.
While it's hardly a great film, Tell No One is the rare convoluted thriller that actually makes you want to keep up with its far-fetched twists and turns.
This twisty yarn is meant to leave you as discombobulated as its hero, an innocent man on the run from cops, thugs and killers. Hitchcock would have liked seeing him squirm.
Canet has covered his bases with enough swooping camerawork, narrative smoke-and-mirrors, and quick-sketched supporting characters for a dozen thrillers
Tell No One has shades of Hitchcock's Vertigo -- and not to its detriment. [An] extremely gripping and fascinating suspense film.
Initially complex, the piece's grip loosens with the introduction of a transparent villain, but it remains an entertaining thriller bolstered by Cluzet's appropriately angst-driven performance.
Easily one of the best films of the year.
By and large, Tell No One is more interested in telling a knotty story than pondering its meaning, but in those rare deeper moments, Canet evokes how a tragedy can gather around a man and linger there, like a cloud of gnats.
Canet has a good feeling for lowlife atmosphere and he works up a few fine Hitchcockian twirls.
Although it might make your head spin, this case of Vertigo in cyberspace keeps us spellbound.
An absorbing thriller, one that works its narrative complications over a genuinely moving emotional foundation and is spiked with just enough dark humor to keep it from becoming overly serious.
...the pleasures here are more visceral than cerebral or emotional. It's really more of a thrill ride than the sort of art-house talkie you might expect
As brisk as things become, clarity wins out, as the hand-held camerawork Bourne for many a chase sequence has no place here.
This is one of the most intelligent, satisfying, beautifully plotted adrenalin boosts you're ever likely to experience at the movies.
Tell No One is a thoroughly absorbing whodunit with more twists and switchbacks than the Le Mans racecourse.
A well-paced journey through knotty conspiracies and ever-shifting alliances, executed with great style and grace.
A whodunit so nicely crafted that you're tempted to forgive the Byzantine plot -- hell, you're even tempted to pretend you actually understand its twisting obscurities.
The French thriller Tell No One shows Hollywood how to make a knotty mystery that's both logical and deeply satisfying.
Canet stages some breakneck chases, particularly one where Alex crosses a busy freeway, and corrals an array of fascinating characters to populate this twisty but entirely logical plot.
It's a potboiler -- not groundbreaking or brilliant, but solidly entertaining.
Tell No One is a French action thriller and murder mystery that doesn't cheat.
A stylish, commercial, tautly paced thriller.
Constructed like a calling card for Hollywood employment, as when a montage of funeral and wedding memories is underscored with 'Lilac Wine' by Jeff Buckley.
Sews us tightly into a story that not only challenges the brain but engages the heart.
It has a terrific setup that keeps us interested (it's based on a well-regarded novel by Harlan Coben), and there's at least one really great, thrilling action scene that makes the whole thing watchable.
[An] engaging, well-acted French thriller based on a novel by American writer Harlan Coben.
A wonderfully entertaining, occasionally very funny, always involving thriller that never insults your intelligence.
Feels like an episode of The Fugitive turned more darkly into The Big Sleep.
Tell No One is good enough to warrant not only a long run in art houses, but considerable attention for a director who dared to tweak a hugely popular novel and made it work.
Tell No One, French director Canet's excellent adaptation of Harlan Coben's bestselling novel, has everything a great personal-paranoia/persecution movie needs.
These classy people are put to the trashiest ends, and, for the most part, it's a pleasure to see them rooting around in the garbage.
A French thriller that teases the intellect, shocks the senses and is sometimes simply too suspenseful for comfort.
Tell No One feels like a novel, rich with character and incident, unafraid to demand attention from its audience while unspooling a twisting, suspenseful story.
Tell No One is a classic modern-Hollywood thriller, a movie with a layered murder mystery, a frame-up, gangsters, conspiracies and one dazzling chase.
Cluzet's brooding performance propels the movie, and writer-director Guillaume Canet...skillfully orchestrates the cascading revelations.
Actually too clever by half, but also so skillfully played that it carries you breathlessly along for the duration.
if Hollywood has all but given up on making clever genre exercises for adults, let's be grateful that a few filmmakers from across the pond haven't
A man wakes from unconsciousness to find his wife dead and himself the center of suspicion as strange forces and deadly assassins close in from all sides. So many twists and turns it would hard to encapsulate spoilers for this one.
It feels like an American movie, dubbed in French ... Or perhaps, better put, it feels like a bunch of French people trying to act like Americans.
Slick, deliciously complex murder mystery.
I think it's one of the best movies of the year.
A thriller with no missteps.
Tell No One maintains a rewarding balance of genuine emotion and high-tension entertainment. See it and tell everyone.
Tell No One darts its way past all the improbabilities and clichÃ (C)s that weigh down most mysteries, shooting toward a conclusion that's both endearingly old-fashioned and satisfying.
A story of upended love with a mystery that exerts its power till the very end.
Canny, refreshingly emotional and intuitive thriller.
The story becomes so convoluted and contrived (pursued by police, Alex just happens to run into a patient's father, who owes the doctor a big favor) that much of the tension dissipates.
"More twists than a barrel of pretzels"? Take that barrel and put it through the zigzag of a taffy-pulling machine and those results might be able to straighten out the labyrinth of circumstances in Tell No One.
Tell No One is an intricate puzzle for a summer evening; a thriller with a rare touch of bittersweet romance.
For all of its insanity of supposition, familial discord and the often-explored theme of the corrupt nature of the rich, Tell No One is something rare and original.
It attempts no improvements on the basic suspense formula. It just does everything really well: perfect pacing, lovely camera work, spot-on acting and an ingenious plot.
Now that I have let it settle in my head for a few days, I have come to sort of embrace it after all, not despite the lunacy of its plot but because of it.
The sometimes confused story %u2013 with so many players, a who's who checklist is needed to keep things clear %u2013 is aided with the oft-thrilling chases that punctuate the film.
There will be times you think it's too perplexing, when you're sure you're witnessing loose ends. It has been devised that way, and the director knows what he's doing. Even when it's baffling, it's never boring.
A terrific mystery, equal parts haunting love story and nimble thriller.
Under the direction of Guillaume Canet, who adapted Harlan Coben's English-language best seller with Philippe Lefebvre, this is a splendid ensemble doing its level best to keep the audience guessing all the way through an increasingly knotty narrative.
When they say they don't make movies like they used to, this is exactly the type of film they're talking about.
I haven't enjoyed so much pleasurably intrigue-laden suspense in ages, and it is charismatically acted, too.
Thriller, love story, whodunit; an unwieldy trio made whole by an up-and-coming mastermind.
An over-plotted, 2 hour crime caper offering those blessed with patience a denouement well worth the wait.
Blending the hard-boiled and the innocent with a sly dexterity, this is a riveting piece of filmmaking that never relies on the obvious or the cliché
A crackerjack thriller. A stylish and riveting nail-biter that holds us in its spell from start to finish.
The film delivers the requisite twists and turns, along with car chases, gun fights and soupçon of thug life, Paris style.
Among the movieâ(TM)s many delights are the fluctuating rhythms of its pacing, an atmospheric volatility that sets off the doctorâ(TM)s blooming paranoia against his sunlit, leafy surroundings, and a terrific cast.
Hot-blooded, haunting and packed with the pleasures of the unexpected.
A classy and sophisticated French murder mystery that is well-acted.
Tell everyone about Tell No One. Not just because this is a top-notch thriller so twisty you may forget to breathe, but because for a long time it looked like you wouldn't be able to tell anyone at all.
Guillaume Canet's delicious contemporary thriller Tell No One is Vertigo meets The Fugitive by way of The Big Sleep. That is meant as high praise.
All the clues make sense when pieced together -- but only on the surface.
This superbly acted and directed French thriller is eerie and suspenseful. But it's convoluted, complicated storytelling with an abrupt, anti-climactic resolution.
This twisty thriller nicely avoids Hollywood formulae, keeping us gripped to the complicated story and characters
never comes to grips with its standard-issue plot mechanics, delivering neither the icy thriller that its cool detachment edges towards, nor the pulse-quickening potboiler that its story would seem to demand.
Thrillers aren't always so thrilling, but Tell No One is -- and absorbing, sometimes perplexing and often stirring as well.
Even when Tell No One's story gets a bit too convoluted for its own good, the cinematography, the acting and especially the action will keep you glued to the screen.
This Hollywood-level suspense thriller never goes where you expect it to go, but often gets bogged down in over-exposition as the plot thickens... and thicken... and thickens...
overpacked...technically proficient and will be sure to delight mystery fans, but despite Cluzet's centering performance, the film moves too fast to engage with the lives at stake.
[T]he best movie I've seen this year.
You'll leave wondering why Hollywood can't seem to make a romantic thriller so simply satisfying.
Hitchcock's "Wrong Man" scenario gets an invigorating French update in Tell No One, a long-winded but gripping thriller based on American author Harlan Coben's bestseller.
We know the material is artificially -- even deviously -- constructed, and we enjoy being manipulated by people who know what they're doing. But it's Cluzet's intense performance that makes this genre piece a heart-wrenching experience.
This smash-hit French thriller starts slowly -- and builds into a sharp action flick, though an overload of plot twists threatens to bog things down midway through.
... a superb and entertaining thriller.
... a top-drawer thriller ...
A gem of a thriller, the best film I've seen this year, by far.
A delicious outpouring of upper-crust malevolence, hovering cynicism and ever-deepening ambivalence that zigzags dizzyingly among its many characters, locations and plot turns.
An ingenious puzzle driven by the need to recover the central emotional connection of one's life. The author and the auteur captivate the mind with a firm grip on that theme.
Thanks to the style in which [director Canet] carries off every unlikely twist, it's a lot of fun all the way to to the decidedly creaky denouement.
It becomes an intriguing game of chess with each of the players making moves we can't always follow but in which we're always interested. It's a murder mystery, but the murder (indeed, murders) is not what it seems.
It's refreshing to see a thriller in which all of this information makes sense, falling into place as pieces of a coherent puzzle.
An intricate, intelligent, and very watchable thriller.
In short, Tell No One is a thoroughly enjoyable thriller with a cracking plot, superb performances and exciting action sequences. How come Hollywood can't make thrillers this good anymore? Highly recommended.
An array of Gallic stars who fill small roles and know how to make the best of them.
Shot-through with emotional intensity, a muscular, brooding direction, and a plot that (just) stays on the right side of ludicrous.
Chopping back and forth in time, it's dynamically shot but overreaches with a flurry of dramatic revelations.
The supporting cast of Nathalie Baye, Kristin Scott Thomas and Francois Berléand supply gloss to the picture, though its plotting becomes so convoluted that tension drains away
It's exhausting but enthralling from start to finish. Once you've seen it I guarantee you'll want to tell all your friends.
The supporting cast, including Kristin Scott Thomas and Nathalie Baye, are strong. It's a watchable thriller
Brilliant action set pieces.
A gripping thriller, this deserves to cross over from the subtitled bracket into mainstream cinema.
Christophe Offenstein's fluid camera tracks the action well enough, but any pretence to subtlety or sophistication seems lost in translation.
Tell No One retains all the slick dynamism and tension of a classic Hollywood thriller without ever seeming anything but French.
Hardly anyone can make good old American suspense thriller like the French.
A sharp, efficient package.







@highlight

An intense, well-crafted thriller, Tell No One is equal parts heart-pounding and heart-wrenching.