Each successive scene tightens the knot that has trapped the characters. [Full review in Spanish]
As in his other films, Farhadi presents a very realistic-seeming scenario that's threaded throughout with quiet, masterful details that lead to almost unbearable moral suspense.
The film advances by forced marches until the second half where the footage intensifies, but without losing that forced and capricious halo that wanders throughout the film. [Full review in Spanish]
The brilliance of Farhadi's work is such that he takes a seemingly simple situation and turns it into a never-ending series of twists and turns that work as both Hitchcockian thrillers, as well as simple human tragedies worthy of Ingmar Bergman.
The Salesman pulls off a tricky highwire act once Rama's attacker is eventually found...
"The Salesman" is a little different in that it is constructed around that crime, and how it shakes the foundation of a seemingly strong marriage.
[Asghar Farhadi] remains a deeply humanist filmmaker whose work undermines the mentality of extremism, as The Salesman shows once again.
The Salesman is a quiet revenge tale, in which a husband must decide how to stick up for his wife, or if he should. Tension builds from this gender-unequal culture to a crushing finale.
I found The Salesman a refreshing and taut mystery.
To call The Salesman a revenge film is a little disingenuous: it is concerned with how one shocking incident -- malicious, unexplained -- can upend the comfortable existence of this middle-class couple.
Here, as he did in "A Separation," Asghar [Farhadi] delves beneath the surface of quotidian dilemmas, searching for authentic tributaries to the source of our sometimes elusive humanity.
Great movie. [Full review in Spanish]
This Iranian drama is chock-full of intrigue and has a lot of parallels with Indian sensibilities. There are a lot of reasons to watch it, least of all the fact that it is this year's Oscar winner for Best Foreign Language Film.
The performances are splendid and the shifting morality interesting, but this feels like a familiar thriller being given arthouse treatment, with the story unfolding very, very slowly.
[The Salesman] depicts a masterful chronicle of the Iranian middle class.
It's awfully, though hobbled from the word "go" by one fundamental decision: it picks the wrong protagonist.
"The Salesman" may very well get a nomination for the foreign language Oscar as it is a worthy film and very good character study, but it is not Farhadi's best work by far.
The Salesman is outstanding.
In its oddly quiet and deliberate way, it's a thrilling film to watch.
Iranian writer/director Asghar Farhadi blends personal and political drama suffused with metaphoric commentary in his intricately constructed The Salesman.
As is the case with many fine movies, you carry these characters forward after the movie's conclusion.
The Salesman is a meticulously plotted moral puzzle that, once again, shows how great art can transcend the deeply restrained culture it springs from.
A complex, compelling film from Iran - modern day Iran as we Americans never get to see it - it well deserved its win.
Farhadi masterfully moves between the real world and the stage production. Not only does this give him parallel points to play with but also offers a compelling look at how an American classic is seen through the eyes of others around the world.
The Salesman isn't as stunning as A Separation, but it's still a class act. No one does domestic drama quite like Asghar Farhadi.
It's a challenging watch, but also a thrilling whodunnit, and a gut wrenching fable, albeit without a clear lesson.
Farhadi's love of theatre is evident in his stage-bound direction, which is chock-a-block with contrivances. For a purported revenge thriller, there is precious little tension. The tale quickly devolves into a mushy melodrama.
Farhadi's films are suffused with an oppressive atmosphere, and there is something increasingly formulaic in his storytelling.
The Salesman is better when it more glancingly catches its characters on the wing, encompassing and admitting to a range of emotions that defy neat analysis, the intruder's most significantly of all.
Ultimately, The Salesman is an intelligent and well-balanced film that, much like its characters, has a lot more going on than is apparent on the surface.
A wonderfully powerful study of complex human emotion.
While The Salesman is not quite as good as [Farhadi's] other Oscar-winner, A Separation, it's a very strong piece of work.
Farhadi is a master of observing just how the bonds of matrimony can unravel, but seven films in there's no avoiding the feeling that you've seen some of it before.
There is perhaps no director more adept at capturing the unfolding stories of ordinary people when the drama of their lives runs away with them.
It is drier than either of these predecessors... But this remains the work of a singular storyteller who conducts actors and coaxes narrative arcs as well as any living director.
It's a story of normal people whose everyday life takes a turn that pushes them to the breaking point, and as it unfolds the film explores issues of morality and forgiveness in ways that are unpredictable and riveting.
[A] quietly provocative drama.
Against a backdrop of frustrated creativity and censorship, Farhadi explores the relationship between art and life.
It's wellacted and full of low-key pain and humour (you would expect nothing less from the man behind A Separation, one of the most excruciatingly humane and nuanced films of the decade).
The Salesman shows Farhadi's ideas are in danger of becoming mannerisms, though it is a potent, disquieting piece of work.
The Salesman is an atmospheric, perfectly judged examination of paranoia, powerlessness and fractured relationships.
Sparse and intricate, it's a study of judgement, of 'honour', of Emad's own fragile masculinity; one paralleled cleverly by his role in a production of Arthur Miller's Death of a Salesman.
Though some of the plotting feels a little contrived, there's a formal elegance to the way Farhadi presents all this ensuring it's never less than absorbing.
Farhadi's deeply humane work will make you think about the easy trap that is revenge and the wiser course that may involve forgiveness.
The ending is brave and interesting. Before that, the subtleties of relationship breakdown are finely charted. But elsewhere there is too much gauche alternation between symbolic parallelisms ...
Feelgood is a word unlikely ever to find its way into Farhadi's vocabulary. But he does know a lot about truth and consequences and how to apply them to the anatomy of a marriage.
The film comes from the shameful recognition of the amatory instability of a relationship that was already collapsed to pieces from the beginning and that it must go on in spite of everything. [Full review in Spanish]
Despite a forgivable contrivance or two this is powerful cinema, with tremendous playing by Farhadi's ensemble and a surprising sense of dread not present in his previous work.
In Farhadi's universe, ambiguity reigns.
A thought-provoking relationship drama that lingers long after the credits roll.
Shows the same skilled direction and sense of psychological nuance that made A Separation such a significant global success.
The interesting thing about the way Farhadi frames it, is how he shows the assault playing on the mind of his male protagonist
Charged, intelligent but not entirely satisfying.
The Salesman is a slow-burner that grows more tense and involving with each breath.
The Salesman is a serviceable work, but take away the brouhaha. and I seriously doubt anywhere near as much attention would be paid.
Just as Miller's plays have been worthwhile exports, Farhadi's movies can help us better understand his culture and our own.
And you thought Alfred Hitchcock was the master of suspense...
One of the strengths of Farhadi's scripts is that we never know where he's heading; we do know he'll take us a long way. That is so rare. It gives his films great tension and dimension.
An absorbingly intricate drama of rare intelligence and grace.
Farhadi once again demonstrates his mastery of the management of his actors and the inexhaustible capacity as a filmmaker and screenwriter to challenge and change our expectations. [Full review in Spanish]
The Salesman is more contemplative and in many ways smaller, more contained [than Farhadi's other work.] ... Of his four [major] films, I rank it number three, but it still towers above eighty-eight percent of the films that reach our silver screens.
Another great movie from Farhadi that, if you like he's films, shouldn't miss it. [Full review in Spanish]
It was hard for me to get in, but then the oppressive tone, the anguish, the mystery, the feeling that everything is going bad and that will end up much worse got me hooked. [Full review in Spanish]
A great drama that generates valuable doses of tension and pushes a reflection of ethical scopes. [Full review in Spanish]
The director gives us a hypnotic and hardened visual language and a staging that would be tremendously theatrical if it weren't for a brutally precise montage. [Full review in Spanish]
The Salesman is conclusive proof that a social realist film doesn't have to avoid showcasing storytelling ambition when documenting real life issues.
The Salesman is a story that frames and confronts an impeccable script. [Full review in Spanish]
One of the reasons The Salesman crackles is because Hosseini gives such a remarkable performance.
Farhadi followers may find The Salesman something of a lesser achievement but there is still enough emotional content and precision-engineered moral quandaries to guarantee a solid arthouse response.
The film is beautifully acted by Shahab Hosseini, who makes Emad a knight with a control freak inside, and Taraneh Alidootsi, who suggests a woeful Iranian version of Marion Cotillard. But the great performance here is that of Babak Karimi.
The gears in The Salesman are not so hidden and a sense of contrived drama leads to some tedious sections. But all is forgiven when the final punches are delivered in a knock-out finale that leaves the viewer tense and breathless.
The Salesman is provocative, challenging, and thoroughly gripping.
The movie's main issue is a warped concept of masculinity, an issue Farhadi explores not by appointing a single villain but by depicting the problem in context.
A film of almost humiliating perfection, since it's precisely about that, of humiliation. [Full review in Spanish]
As usual, Farhadi constructs a noose of a narrative that tightens the more the characters unravel...
A valuable and profound reflection of contemporary Iran and that's enough to recommend it. [Full review in Spanish]
While The Salesman forgoes the expansive, knotty moral tapestry of A Separation for a simpler narrative, it maintains the same sharp focus on the complexities of human interaction and moral dilemmas.
Director Farhadi and his team create a rich visual strategy, with links between the theater set and the couple's dual living spaces.
A typically ineffective drama from Asghar Farhadi...
Beyond the controversy, the film has merits to be awarded, for the way it portrays the effects that an oppressive society has on the decisions people make in their intimate sphere. [Full review in Spanish]
Attention, as Miller said, must be paid in the words of Linda Loman. In this movie, that attention to human mortality is not very pretty. It turns the theme of the play upside down.
Iran's Best Foreign Language Oscar nominee deftly captures the universality of Arthur Miller's "Death of a Salesman" and parks it within the story of a crime and a husband's efforts to get justice
A film that has suspense and a slow but growing preparation towards a climax where we already smell that something's going on. The interesting thing about this fiction is its naturalness to tell everyday conflicts. [Full review in Spanish]
In Farsi with English subtitles, it's an engrossing, empathetic commentary on contemporary Iranian society.
This is not John Wick-style hail-of-bullets revenge, of course. It's small and sad and wrong-headed and destined to fail, but no less devastating.
'Salesman' writer/director Asghar Farhadi once again fools us in oh so many ways in this dark and dreary thriller, with a nod to Arthur Miller. Imagine what the Iranian filmmaker could do with a Hollywood bankroll behind him.
Returning to his homeland for The Salesman, Asghar Farhadi again concocts a heady mix of dark Western tragedy -- via echoes of a classic American drama here -- and potent Persian culture.
Although The Salesman isn't always the subtlest film... the movie has a balance of reticence and outspokenness, of nuanced observation and easily deciphered symbolism, that is highly effective.
Moving and tense.
As lacerating a portrait of marriage and family in Iranian society as the one Farhadi presented in 'A Separation,' though of a very different sort.
For two-thirds of its running time, attention must be paid to an exquisitely realized suspense-thriller. It isn't until Farhadi borrows a calculable cup of revenge from the Death Wish cookbook that his soufflé begins to flatten.
Immediately positions itself as one of Farhadi's finest features, digging deep into acts of frustration and stunted communication.
It is by any measure a great film, a quiet, yet overwhelmingly intense production that forces us to recalibrate our notion of what suspenseful cinema can mean and do.
It's a gripping, insightful study of morality and compassion.
It's a stoic movie, with the details of the offscreen assault unravelling slowly, and the climax is one brief, tiny bit of violence, but The Salesman has spent so much careful time building to it that it hits like a gut-punch.
It becomes riveting, a testament to remarkable performances turned in by the leads.
Farhadi, a dramatist in every respect, approaches The Salesman like a humanist-inching towards compulsion and confrontation with overwhelming cruelty and unmistakable sympathy.
It's set in modern-day Tehran, but Farhadi's Oscar-nominated tale of self-loathing and vengeance is timeless in its debunking of the male myth.
It's actually more of a soap opera, but without flourish -- dreary and hopeless.
A sickeningly elegant, brutally ephemeral and devastatingly nuanced moral tale.
A typically wrenching film for Farhadi, one that morphs from a quiet family drama to a tale of revenge, and is all the more impressive for how seamlessly it executes that shift.
Hosseini is impressive as a man who feels compelled to take action, regardless of the ramifications. And Alidoosti persuasively embodies Rana's pain.
"The Salesman" isn't as impressive as "A Separation," but it's still a powerful expression of lives, and dreams, interrupted.
"The Salesman" warns of the dangers of plastering over fissures so deep that they will eventually - inevitably - give way.
Brooding, revelatory ...
First-class writing with acting to match in an ultra-realistic setting.
An exquisite, closely studied moral fable about our tendency to confuse love with ownership and our willingness in the face of felt humiliation to disavow empathy, understanding, and concern for our neighbor.
This taut Iranian thriller recalls the work of Alfred Hitchcock, Claude Chabrol, and Brian De Palma.
Heavily laden with slow-burning layers of undercurrents that climax in tense, whipsaw confrontations during its final minutes.
For a portrayal of how a violent act can drive a wedge between a couple, The Salesman delivers. If you've got a taste for a satisfying whodunit, however, look elsewhere.
It's clear by now the Iranian director is something of a master, from whom every narrative filmmaker should take a crash course in complex and resonant storytelling.
Hosseini and Alidoosti, both Farhadi veterans, are extraordinary. Farid Sajjadi Hosseini, as the terribly behaving but deeply human man who triggered the disaster, also is superb.
Farhadi is sensitive to the cultural standards that value honor and decorum, while also using the story to demonstrate their potentially devastating consequences.
It is a work entirely worthy of any prize anyone chooses to bestow on it, a compassionate and intelligent thing that should linger long after the 24-hour news cycle is over or the political flavour of the month goes stale.
Farhadi's melodrama-free drama impresses with the bewildering hunt for truth amid chronic falseness and religious hypocrisy.
The last act is a classic.
Intensely observational.
"The Salesman" doesn't shy away from showing its male protagonist as a righteous, misguided man. But he's still human. Everyone is in this picture, and in Farhadi's illusion-free worldview.
Budgetary considerations no doubt play a part, but director Asghar Farhadi has a way of making domestic dramas that play out in apartments endlessly compelling.
Hosseini and Alidoosti are superb, with rich internal lives that give depth to their characters' actions - and these characters are indeed active.
Using handheld camera and a minimum of dialogue and music, Farhadi turns the mundane into the momentous.
In the film's stunning third act ... Farhadi's occasionally shaky parallels between art and life are distilled into a brilliantly staged, searingly confrontational chamber piece.
It's a terrific movie.
Like many of Farhadi's films, "The Salesman" says something profound about politics without directly addressing the issue at all.
It's full of masterful plot loops that keep you guessing where the story is going, and even where the main characters are coming from.
Like Farhadi's previous films, The Salesman consistently tries to show us the subtle difficulties Iranian women face in their day-to-day lives.
As with Farhadi's best work, such questions of humanity and morality linger long after the particulars of its plot have dissolved from memory.
a probing examination of interior and external conflict wrapped up in the guise of a mystery
This delicately realized portrait of an intellectual Tehran couple could easily be taking place in New York, London, or Tokyo. The empathy machine strikes again.
It's another of the director's analytical but deeply empathetic films about modern Iranian society and what separates men from women and the government from its people.
The stuff of melodrama, but in the case of Farhadi, the stuff of heartbeats and whispers and shouts, and always reserve: the forces of Iranian society that we do not see feel more present, more weighty, by their precise absence.
A slow-burning, intelligent suspense thriller grounded in humanism and natural performances despite an implausible, contrived third act.
While The Salesman never quite soars it holds us in its grip from start to finish. It leaves us with much food for thought and the lingering question, "What would I do in a situation like this?" It's a very worthy Oscar nominee
Every moment holds a revelation. Characters are quickly stripped so bare, emotionally, audiences may feel they need to look away.
Farhadi remains a master not just of narrative but of empathy. He's a war correspondent constantly shifting perspective in clandestine battles.
... a fascinating examination of ethical complexities, legal boundaries and bloodthirsty vengeance that effectively builds tension through some unexpected turns.
As sharp a dramatist as Asghar Farhadi is, he's also an underrated visual stylist.
The moment the bearded leading man states his luck is about to turn, the audience realizes NO, IT'S NOT. It's the intellectual foreign-language equivalent of the horror trope: don't open that door! And, yet, open it he must...
Farhadi's new film, The Salesman, isn't his best, or even second best, but it offers up glints of what, at times, makes him one of the best directors around.
Fresh off its Oscar nomination for Best Foreign-Language film, Asghar Farhadi's The Salesman is a dazzling, darkly funny, quietly devastating human drama from Iran. You are in the hands of a major film artist.
The film finds Farhadi now inhabiting a strangely transnational place in cinema, one where bridging Gholem-Hossein Sa'edi and Arthur Miller is more a playful, aspirational gesture than a purposeful strategy.
With exquisite patience and attention to detail, Asghar Farhadi, the writer and director, builds a solid and suspenseful plot out of ordinary incidents, and packs it with rich and resonant ideas.
It's impossible to undersell the craftsmanship Farhadi and his actors -- both Hosseini and Alidoosti are extraordinary here -- put into the film.
It's an effectively feel-bad story, deploying a torrent of wounded, retrograde masculinity to make uttering the word "rape" an even greater transgression than the event itself.
Although The Salesman's plot is unbelievable, most of the movie occurs in a recognizably genuine world: dirty and battered, but bedeviled by compromise and self-interest, not pure evil.
Tightly focused, rather than broad-gauge brilliant, and another instance of this superb filmmaker turning elusive motivations and the mysteries of personality into gripping drama.
Though it's not in the same league as A Separation or About Elly, the film shows once again Farhadi's mastery with characters who seem ill-prepared to deal with uncertainties in the narrative of their lives.
This is ambitious, well-made stuff -- a quiet, well acted if overly schematic film that's stronger on moral ambiguity and psychological nuance than on fast paced, cat-and-mouse thriller trappings.
Farhadi, who directs all his films in a lucid, easy-to-follow style, carefully laces trip wires of revelation throughout the story.
If the setup is creaky, the payoff, when it arrives, is a thing to behold.
Farhadi ... remains peerless at orchestrating fearsomely complex moral dilemmas from what seem like innocuous circumstances and continues to grow as a low-key visual stylist, with a sharp eye for both cluttered and spare environments.
On the surface, it feels very simple: a man seeks revenge against his wife's attacker. But it's his most complex work yet. And also his most risky. The result is a gripping tale that treads into darker areas than Farhadi has in the past.
The two storylines interweave seamlessly and subtly, the couple's real-life problems not so much repeating as refracting the experiences of their fictional counterparts.
A portrait of a marriage that is rocked by an intruder's sexual assault.
The Salesman works well on a ground level, but everything resting atop the foundational drama slowly crumbles.
A classic whodunit with Asghar Farhadi's characteristically impeccable plotting and buildup of suspense.
With every shot, our sympathies flicker and tilt.
Asghar Farhadi's film yields a tonal and emotional friction that's simultaneously tragic, transcendent, and comic.
Shahab Hosseini and Taraneh Alidoosti are mesmerizing in this riveting drama about obsession and revenge.
This winner of Best Actor and Best Screenplay at Cannes observes a couple who dance around a stressful event without ever verbalizing their innermost thoughts, beautifully realized in Farhadi's closing shot
This psychological drama about an Iranian man and his wife under emotional stress while staging a production of 'Death of a Salesman' wanders into some unexpected twists and turns.
Bruising but elegant, conceptually intricate within a street-realist style, The Salesman asks through its final shots: when we stare at each other, do we see each other, or only ourselves?
It's almost too tense to bear but Farhadi is a gifted storyteller, particularly with beginnings and endings.
People caught in rapid change pour their hearts out. Is anybody listening?
While The Salesman doesn't quite hit the emotional highs or deft narrative moves of his earlier films, it's certainly at least a worthy addition into his filmography.
Revealing neorealistic drama about the human condition in modern Tehran.
Seeing as how "Separation" was a perfect film, Farhadi is on quite a roll.
It's in this casual disregard for the wishes of women, and the complete misunderstanding of women by men, that is where the film finds greatest purchase.
Farhadi's deliberate, dialogue-heavy drama allows for incredible work by his cast, particularly his two leads.
As in A Separation, Farhadi privileges a woman's viewpoint without either sharing or exploring it.
Creating tension that ratchets up in sly increments, Farhadi steers his narrative to a shattering conclusion about the quality of mercy and vengeance.
'The Salesman' engages with the choices of its characters, and their consequences, with a particular urgency. That is Asghar Fahardi's gift, and it should not be undervalued.
Given that The Salesman strives to be far more than a revenge thriller, Emad's story isn't enough to make it an unqualified triumph, but it's still a genuinely good film, and worth watching.
The reliance on Arthur Miller's play feels like a bit of a reach, and the climax is more than a little manipulative. But Hosseini and Alidoosti find the truth of every scene.
A minor Farhadi still is a Farhadi. That's enough. [Full review in Portuguese.]
Profits from the strict decorums of Iranian cinema, and indeed of Iranian life, to mount serious reflections on guilt and shame, trust and forgiveness.
Farhadi may hardly be reinventing himself, but his old tools serve him just fine.

@highlight

The Salesman takes an ambitiously complex look at thought-provoking themes, and the well-acted results prove another consistently absorbing entry in writer-director Asghar Farhadi's distinguished filmography.