The actors are strong, the sense of location is vividly authentic, but the script is disjointed.
Powerful melodrama mixes violence, messages.
Despite its sincerity -- and the beautiful visuals -- the often-disjointed story takes too long to gain traction.
A must for fans of the TV series, as it continues the unique formula of mixing fun, fantasy, fear, and frankness, for 2 young men barely surviving to adulthood together.
It's all perfectly serviceable -- but it wants for freshness and vitality.
Both Silva and Cunha (who reprise their roles from the television show) do make compelling leads and their performances add needed weight and shadings to their underwritten characters.
Where City of God provided a heartbreaking insight into Rio's flavelas and gang warfare . . . this film ends up more like a standard buddy movie set against a gangland battle scene
It's decent enough but I just wish that it tried for something a little more fresh.
The likable performances, hot, sweaty atmosphere and decently mounted action scenes make this entertaining fare.
An engaging and frequently tense drama with terrific performances from its two young leads.
Despite considerable dramatic interest, Morelli's loose, lengthy structure makes it a labor to hang in with.
More bronzed bodies bearing arms leading to inevitable shootouts delivered via a washed-out, hand-held digital style pulsing along to an infectious Latin beat.
The film's overriding message that love and friendship exist under the most hopeless of circumstances is what makes City of Men such a worthy, compelling drama.
Some might perceive City of Men as a slow film, while others could reasonably argue that Morelli is taking more time to develop characters.
[One] plotline ends with a twist that doubtless felt more authentic in the halls of a film school than it would on the streets of Rio de Janeiro.
It plays like a Western, and the violence, while plentiful and visceral, rarely has the kind of raw impact you want in a movie such as this. Morelli keeps most of the blood off-camera.
...not a sequel to City of God, although it sometimes feels like a junior-varsity version of the older movie.
An efficient, simply told story...in spite of the plot's neat contrivances and the movie's determination to pull some edifying nugget from the heartbreak and hopelessness at its core.
[It has] a real ring of authenticity in every scene.
Morelli's film is most effective at its most documentarian, when it focuses on street detail and the casual, everyday behavior of the people inside the desperate favelas.
May mean well, but its soapy plot and comparatively flabby execution make for a surprisingly tepid combination.
What becomes interesting is how Ace and Wallace, who have managed to stay outside the violence for the most part, start to get pulled in once they uncover information about their fathers.
City of Men, in Portuguese with subtitles, never quite achieves the dramatic impact of the Oscar-nominated drama that inspired it.
City of Men is an intriguing but incompletely developed heir to the far superior City of God.
There isn't enough heft to the protagonists. City of Men tries to flesh out the victims of harsh favela life, but too often they register as scurrying figures in a human ant farm.
Where City of God was ferocious, grandiose, and glamorous, this movie is modest and intimate, acoustic where the other was desperate to electrify.
I wish I hadn't seen the masterpiece City of God before the current City of Men, which is a more conventional story in the same setting. Judged on its own merits, the latter film still makes a considerable emotional impact.
The story might have been lifted from an old Warner Brothers melodrama, though it's smartly paced, sincerely delivered, and consistently absorbing.
Along comes a sequel of sorts, City of Men, but the difference is clear right from the first frame: Meirelles is gone and so is the intensity. What's left is a mix of credible sociology and tired melodrama, along with a palpable sense of déjà vu.
City of Men at times seems like City of God-lite, which, mind you, still provides for some heavy moments.
Though the histrionics of City of Men are a bit obvious, and it lacks the bravado of City of God, it's ultimately a more rewarding film.
It's strong enough to hold your interest and well-done enough to make you care about these boys, their families and their futures in a fascinating place where most American audiences have never been.
Our investment in their plight is ultimately enough to withstand the contrivance of the plot thread that tightens and tests the young men's relationship.
City of Men is more like New Jack City, telling a similarly themed tale with less artistic finesse or dramatic insight, but with some emotional resonance.
The movie's power comes less from its contrived story than everything else: the stark setting, chaotic energy and authentic cast.
Performances are up to par, but the story unfolds conventionally -- it lacks the fragmented fury of its predecessor. You might call it City of God Lite.
Yet even with its reined-in aims, City of Men still gives you what few American urban crime movies do -- a sense of life as it's really lived in the slums, where there are few options and almost all of them are bad.
The film doesn't have the punch of City of God (few films do), but it's energetic and occasionally inspired. Its gritty, sweaty, shiny feel deepens the case that there's a vital new essence to Brazilian cinema.
A compelling and visually arresting drama from Brazil.
There are moments in City of Men that feel so vividly accurate that you may find yourself ducking from the gunfire.
City of Men builds suspense as it flashes back and forth in time, revealing to us and to the young men details about their pasts that force them to confront battles that aren't even theirs.
Paulo Morelli's feature lacks the visceral punch and epic sweep of Meirelles's searing look at life in the gang-ridden favelas of Rio. But it's lighter, funnier and violent, and it's not entirely without hope.
While Men is not as energetic or bracing as God, it is a disturbing exploration of violent drug culture in Rio's shantytowns. It's also a poignant look at the legacies of fathers who abdicate their responsibilities.
This is an engrossing film, partly because the director pulls the camera back from time to time to mitigate the occasional effect of claustrophobia and to remind the audiencehow stunning the landscape is.
[C]ompared to City of God and the TV series [it's] disappointingly conventional...
City of Men is a rootin'-tootin' gangster movie shot in the notoriously lawless shantytowns overlooking the beaches of Rio de Janeiro.
The caliber of this picture's writing, directing and acting, along with the clear chances the filmmakers are willing to take, should not be understated.
Similar to City of God, though on a slightly lesser scale, City of Men presents a plot that is equally tragic and exciting.
Brazil's Boyz n the Hood.
City of Men is a nerve-racking, strangely beautiful story that balances ambiguity in one hand and hope in the other.
It's not the gangsters we're interested in this time around, and gunfire just feels awkward in the midst of a more conventional example of world cinema.
The plight of the people in the hard-hitting Brazilian film City of Men is akin with its plight to make you aware it even exists.
Works pretty well as melodrama against a legitimately dramatic backdrop.
Still, City of Men is a very good film on multiple levels, not the least of which is that the relationship between Ace and Wallace is continually intriguing, emotional and dynamic.
Perhaps it's unfair to consider Morelli's film against Meirelles': You might as well compare a company newsletter to Candide.
When movies venture into the ghetto, it is usually from an outsider's point of view. City of Men, set in the favelas of Rio de Janeiro, is different.
City Of Men has its share of problems, but being too entertaining isn't one of them. The film isn't bad by any means, but after God's adrenaline-shots-to-the-heart rush, the laid-back storytelling comes off as a little sleepy.
For those like me, walking into a theater with only God in my back pocket, the experience might not be as sweet, but still remains artistically and emotionally rewarding.
A gripping companion piece to the Oscar-nominated 2002 gangster masterpiece City of God.
Shot in a gritty, kinetic style that captures the colorful squalor of a neighborhood dubbed Dead-End Hill, City of Men is in many ways a more satisfying piece of storytelling than City of God.
Despite its contrivances and flashiness, City of Men somehow wins you over with its steady, underlying flow of intimacy and compassion.
The new picture, directed by Paulo Morelli, does not try to compete with the dizzying visual gyrations and propulsive, nearly maniacal energy of the previous one, which was directed by Fernando Meirelles.
City of Men has the electrically oversaturated style of reality that made City of God such a searing vision of teenage criminal life in the slums of Rio de Janeiro.
City of Men tells a multilayered story coherently, with propulsive action and a naturalistic nod to the fact that so much of the world is a violent place.
Violence is the overwhelming and viscerally unsettling theme...but the story's subtext is the paternal absence that leads kids to such aggression, not unlike less-developed Hollywood fare.
This film isn't as bracingly vibrant as Fernando Meirelles' City of God (2002), which featured many of the same cast and crew. But it's a grippingly entertaining story.
City of Men is outstanding in its own right, a moving story of the bleak lives of those living in the favelas, or slums, slaves to the drug-gang violence there, so immune to the constant danger that it simply becomes part of their lives.
Paulo Morelli mines old territory in yet another ode to Rio's vivid favelas.
Paulo Morelli directs capably, with a heavy dash of MTV-generation flair: hyper-saturated colors, close-ups of skin glittering with sweat, and a constant patter of gunfire that undergirds the soundtrack like a steady heartbeat.
A brilliant piece of filmmaking in the way it contrasts the beauty of Rio de Janeiro with the violence that affects the lives of the teens living in the city's favelas.
Utilizes its slum locale not for inquisitive sociological inquiry but blah melodrama and stereotypical gangster histrionics.
City of Men is clunky and often contrived, but there's something haunting about fatherless boys in a blighted place fumbling to teach themselves what it means to be a man.
By now, it's safe to say that the House of Meirelles is as chic as Chanel's.
Imagine City of God by way of One Tree Hill and you got yourself City of Men.
Fans of the series will be happy to know what's become of Acerola and Laranjinha, and newcomers may very well flock to the next Sundance Channel airing to catch up.
Director Paulo Morelli elicits the longing of two teens to discover the identities of their absent fathers as gang wars of their Rio favela close in on them.
A lighter but also more emotionally satisfying take on the lives of favela gangstas.
A touching coming-of-age story set against the violence and poverty of Rio's favelas.




@highlight

Brutal and unflinching, City of Men is both a harrowing look at Brazil's favela life, and a touching tale of youths rushed into adulthood.