Even an engaging performance by John Cusack can't save this fluff film from being so tiresome.
Directed by Spielberg protege Menno Meyjes, Martian Child is contrived, but it works.
Just more middling, forgettable fare for the movie memory scrap heap.
John Cusack is the best and main reason to see this mediocre film about a self-confessed oddball and successful sci-fi writer David who adopts a misfit.
An amusing and heartfelt exploration of the ups and downs involved when adopting a child -- in this case, one who insists he's from another planet.
The things Martian Child gets right are strong enough to save this apparent glucose-spiker.
Manipulative to an almost absurd degree...
Though it panders shamelessly, it's not entirely unwelcome in a time when the PG movie is an endangered species. [DVD review included.]
What works is Cusack and Coleman. When they are on screen together something interesting always seems to happen.
The credits state that Martian Child stars John Cusack, Amanda Peet and Joan Cusack, but really, it stars Lucky Charms, M&M's and Amazon.com.
The entire cast is fully committed to this squishily sentimental tale, which is especially impressive given that it's the kind of generic dramedy you'll swear you've seen a thousand times before.
Cusack seems determined to make this work, and contributes some nice scenes. But he's better than the movie around him.
Martian Child would be a Lifetime Movie of the Week without the Cusacks
While David imagines other worlds for profit, Martian Child crash-lands on this one.
Sometimes, "The Martian Child" works as a weeper.Other times, you'll just hate yourself for getting wrapped in what essentially is manipulation. It's good-hearted enough, but it plays more with your emotions than it does with delivering an intelligent sto
John Cusack is perfect but it's Bobby Coleman who delivers one of the most uniquely original kid performances ever. You actually believe he might be from Mars.
...a betrayal of the book...
... features a mesmerizing kid actor. But, as good as his acting is, it's just a one-note performance ... that starts off as intriguing but ends up becoming tiresomely repetitive.
It's rare that a movie has this little flavor. Compared to Martian Child, a jar of Gerber's mashed bananas is a taste treat.
Unfortunately for Martian Child this has more maple sap pouring out of it than a neglected Vermont tree looking for a good tapping.
After an ebullient and inventive first half, the film loses its wind and only gets it back for a sprint or two.
Everybody is very earnest, too earnest.
In this abandoned-kid-who-thinks-he's-an-alien mush-fest, Martian Child doesn't offer much beyond its small-screen sensibilities.
Martian Child wants to make us cry. It nearly made me gag. This is an exercise in shameless and inept emotional manipulation.
Has enough wit and unpredictability to hold your attention.
Cusack could do for parenting movies what he did for romantic comedies. This is a rocky start.
No one in the movie speaks like a real person. Even the youngest cast member talks as if footlights and a proscenium hemmed him in.
Poorly adapted from David Gerrold's acclaimed autobiographical novel, this sappy comedy-drama about a widower who adopts a special-needs child makes a number of key changes and consequently misses the point of Gerrold's heart-tugging tale.
If all this is supposed to be so life-affirming, how come I envied the dead dog?
It's off in many directions -- false in its details, false in its relationships, false in its emotions -- but probably the first and worst thing that needs to be said about it is that it's also overlong and dull.
Cusack and Coleman make this whimsical trip worthwhile.
There is something disingenuous and calculating about the work of his director and composer.
What if Lloyd Dobler grew up, gave up kickboxing for writing books about space battles and adopted a kid? I don't know about you, but I wouldn't miss it for the world.
Martian Child would like to be About a Boy (Who Thinks He's a Martian), but, disappointingly, it doesn't even come close.
You might expect a serious-minded movie about a troubled kid who really thinks he's from Mars to confront the fact that this kid really is troubled. Not so much, here.
Heavy-handed sentimentality.
Lurches between sappiness and self-consciousness -- resulting in a movie which, for all its charms, fails to convince on either dramatic or whimsical terms.
It could have been so easy for this story, about a single man adopting a troubled kid, to enter schmaltzville. But John Cusack manages to deliver plenty of warm fuzzies -- without the sugar shock.
Director Menno Meyjes keeps the sci-fi suspense quotient up just enough to make the ending somewhat disappointingly pat.
The movie can also be accused of its own sugar overdose as director Menno Meyjes piles on every clichéd situation.
It's hard to take this look at foster care and adoption seriously.
So bland and safe that it might appeal more directly to children than adults.
Cusack carries this unabashed tearjerker.
Child resolves in a way that's touching, however schmaltzy.
Martian Child has intelligence and a modicum of wit -- if only it had more heart and a kid worth shedding a tear for.
One soggy slab of sentimental uplift.
It's a bit creepy, since [Dennis's] "quirks" are an unaddressed cry for help in this generic tonal mess that switches to light rom-com mode whenever any of its complicated-fatherhood drama starts to get too realistically sobering.
A faithful adaptation would almost surely have necessitated that the focus be changed from a father-and-son story to a polemic on gay fatherhood.
Not too dull to sit through without some enjoyment, but forgettable within 24 hours of watching the movie.
This is a movie the whole family will, not only enjoy, but probably downright love, the boisterous applause from the preview audience I saw it with ample proof of that.
Martian Boy carries off the relationship with winning performances from [John] Cusack and the young [Bobby] Coleman...
if you like these emotionally-brittle family dramas, you'll eat this film up. But for a confirmed cynic like myself, it was torture to sit through the movie
The film feels lazily conventional. There are truths to be had here, but much of the film still rings false.
Apparently, they took the title seriously. It feels so false, you sense it was written, directed and conceived by martians.
Maudlin, mawkish, and slightly misunderstood itself, Martian Child is the perfect example of good intentions wrapped in Hollywood-lite logistics.
100 percent goo.
If you're allergic to schmaltz, bring a bottle of Benadryl along to Martian Child.
It's a well-intended psychological drama, but Meyjes is too afraid to permit the film any darkness...a patchy creation, bouncing between sincere questions of homestead stability and fluffy sitcom montages set to ELO hits.
Part of the reason it works is that the film at least tries to make the Kid something other than a face you'd see on a cereal box.
Despite the film's laziness and mawkishness, however, Martian Child has some lovely sections.
John Cusack gets seriously spaced out, in this cross between A Beautiful Mind and ET.
Everything you expect it to be, then it goes on for another 20 minutes.
A story that has me checking the time, frequently, is telling.
the fairly predictable cornball fluff we anticipate when off-center loners find a middle ground.
An occasionally schmaltzy but likable story of healing and redemption.
John Cusack, Coleman and the rest of the talented crew on screen reach moments of authenticity that are thrilling.
Before long, the story's conceit -- a loud-and-clear metaphor for the ways in which we all sometimes feel alien when it comes to human relationships -- just becomes wearying.
The quirky allure of Joan Cusack can offset a lot of sentiment in a movie, but even she drowns in the goop of Martian Child.
A film so cloying it could have been processed from high-fructose corn syrup.
It's sweet and lovely and honest, and it made me laugh and cry, and John Cusack and the little boy, Bobby Coleman, are fantastic, and I want them to move next door and be my brother and nephew, respectively.
Heartfelt pap.
It either is stiff and dry or it piles on the schmaltz in absurd amounts. In that sense, it offers the worst of both worlds.
Unfortunately, the second half of the movie gets pretty messy, and the sudden tonal shifts (things go from light comedy to dark drama) are a bit jarring.
The science-fiction elements are mere window dressing for a story that's most affecting when it's down to earth, rather than when it's following its heroes' flights of fancy.
It's a largely dreary time at the movies and offers next to nothing for the kids that it's advertising to.
In December, Cusack will be back on screen in Grace Is Gone, another portrait of a grieving widower struggling to raise children. Viewers may want to hold out to see him in a film that maintains its sensitivity all the way through.
Heartfelt, but uninspired, the film follows a plodding, predictable path that does not deviate for a second from what the viewer expects.
My heart was ready to be warmed. But it never got above room temperature.
The overriding sappiness keeps killing the so-bad-it's-good buzz.
Martian Child feels artificially sweetened rather than genuinely moving.
Sweet kid-friendly drama has some mature themes.
[Cusack] just can't seem to conjure up a reservoir of emotions to make Martian Child human.
It's a minor but affectionate flick that knows sometimes all kids seem like they're from Mars, and those without parents don't have much guidance in knowing how to be human.
This is, wonderfully, a smart and snappy -- never sappy -- portrait of a budding parent-and-kid romance, and a lovely ode to nonconformity, to being your own person even if the rest of the world has some issues with that.
The whole Ha, ha! Dennis is a young Norman Bates thing gets quite creepy.
John Cusack is the only bright spot in an otherwise sentimentally sloppy drama that telegraphs its plot points with a blinding laser beam.
Coleman ... seems to have been cast not for his chemistry with Cusack but for his adorable lack of key baby teeth.
Director Menno Meyjes pulls an engaging film out of the potential claptrap, while also putting across a message about the beauty of nonconformism.
The title character is far from lovable, but John Cusack's charm is irresistible
There are absolutely no surprises as the film disintegrates into its own cutesy display.
Cusack and Coleman are on screen together most of the movie, and the fact that they don't completely overstay their welcome amid the maudlin action says a lot for the restraint they bring to the characters.
Hobbled by its ham-fisted effort to strum our heartstrings.
The problem with Martian Child is that it wants to be a story about outcasts, but Dennis doesn't come off as a cute little rebel.
Martian Child was directed by Menno Meyjes, who wrote the screenplay for The Color Purple, and written by the distinguished team Jonathan Tolins and Seth Bass. How could so many good people go so wrong?
John Cusack's favored co-actors (Oliver Platt, Joan Cusack, and Angelica Huston) add color to a sweet movie that intermittently gets bogged down by poor pacing.
The only thing that saves it from being a Lifetime movie is Cusack's ever-present charm and personality.
A comedy masterwork that touches the heart with its portrait of the survival tactics of an abandoned orphan and the loving ministrations of a widowed science fiction writer who adopts him.
The primary obstacle to enjoying any moment of Martian Child is Dennis, a little creature whose habits never feel like anything other than groan-worthy screenwriter contrivances aimed at cheaply eliciting audience waterworks.
Harmless and schmaltzy, this dramedy about the bond between a lonely widower and a misfit son draws on a semi-autobiographical novel about a gay dad, which would have made the story timelier; even the gifted Cusack can't elevate such predictable text.
Martian Child certainly isn't much fun, unless you were desperately awaiting K-PAX with a kid instead of Kevin Spacey.
Those who stick with Martian Child won't entirely avoid mush, but they will find terrific performances by John Cusack, as the parental unit, and 10-year-old Bobby Coleman, as the self-proclaimed extraterrestrial.
A generic version of any other dramatic comedy about familial love.
Knockout performances by John Cusack and child actor Bobby Coleman help legitimize a whimsical but sententiously moralizing script.






@highlight

Despite some charms, overt emotional manipulation and an inconsistent tone prevents Martian Child from being the heartfelt dramedy it aspires to be.