When violence appears in Raimi's Drag Me to Hell, it's not meant to be real, often it's hilarious, and what Raimi tries to show is what is going on in the mind of his principal character.
Ultimately, what I find most endearing about the film is the same thing that I primarily love about the first two Evil Dead films: it's made by a guy who isn't afraid to let his warring sensibilities go up on display in a single film.
At what point does gleeful cynicism become so gleeful that it ceases to function as cynicism at all, and mutates into a blatant formalist trope of little emotional or intellectual resonance, but plenty of aesthetic...what's the word? Bliss?
If you're looking for a good contemporary scary movie to watch, avoid this one.
Drag Me To Hell is great fun in a Haunted Mansion kind of way, a spook-house designed to make you jump with fright and squirm with tension.
A bit gross, a bit silly, and entirely entertaining.
A fun, frightening blend of terrified screams and disgusted, gut-wrench laughter that aims to recapture the genre-bending spirit of Raimi's pre-Spider-Man cult favorites like Evil Dead II.
Drag Me to Hell is a lark fitting snugly between the Saw flicks and silliness like Shaun of the Dead, making the gasps and laughter feel like something earned through ingenuity. Welcome back, Mr. Raimi. We've been lurking for you.
It's gleefully gruesome, dead funny and hella entertaining.
At times I hated it for pushing my buttons so relentlessly and with such obvious touches, but I can't deny it: I found it entertaining as hell.
It provides enough scare-jolts to have you squirming in your seat, plus enough laughs to leave you doubled over.
It all works. A return to Raimi's roots, a return to atmospheric horror, a return to fun filmmaking. It's probably the most fun I've had sitting in a darkened theater all year.
Hell is scary, but also wonderfully wacky.
It often feels like a nostalgic exercise for Raimi, a blood-spattered deep knee bend between Spiderman sequels.
Shamelessly resurrecting ancient horror standbys -- not just curses; seers and séances, too -- Raimi clearly enjoys being allowed to return to the unruly instincts of his Evil Dead trilog
Was I having fun? My dears, I was not. I was simply longing -- longing! -- for it all to be over.
Drag Me To Hell offers lots of screams, gross-outs and laughs, often at the same time and always without one response ruining the other. That's a Sam Raimi trademark, developed in the first two Evil Dead movies and still fresh two decades later.
A frenetic, gross and darkly slapstick trip into Hell. Fans of Army Of Darkness era Raimi will love this.
Taking a break from directing Spider-Man blockbusters, Sam Raimi has come home to the gloriously tasteless, lowish-budget horror comedy he pioneered in The Evil Dead trilogy.
O, joy, a horror flick that's smart and funny, as well as cringeworthy for all the right reasons. And up to speed on the mortgage crisis too.
Spider-Man director Sam Raimi returns to his Evil Dead roots in this yucky, energetic and consistently entertaining fright movie.
The aptly titled Drag Me to Hell celebrates Sam Raimi's triumphant return to frightful and cheesy horror films that elicit as many nervous laughs as cringing shudders.
Drag's a brief, blunt and utterly brilliant blast of humor, terror and wicked satire; a trifle that feels like triumph, a dashed-off flick that blows doors off big-budget competition, and is about as much fun as you can have at the multiplex.
The legitimately pleasing touches of absurdity just aren't worth the struggle it takes to make it through long stretches of apathetic moviemaking.
Playful and relentlessly scary.
Leave it to Sam Raimi to breathe some new life into the genre most closely associated with lame sequels and lifeless remakes.
After a certain point, the movie becomes our own cinematic damnation from which there is no escape.
In retrospect, I don't remember much about this film other than the gutpunch of the last scene ... but my, what a gutpunch it is.
This is horror directed with a light touch but delivered like a hammer blow to the head.
Drag Me to Hell is plenty frightening and the effects pass the gross-out test two times over. But this screenplay includes some signature comedic moments that play with the genre and its tired cliches to create something much more interesting.
Drag Me to Hell's PG-13 rating holds [Raimi] back from the all-out, blood-spraying gonzo insanity he reached with Evil Dead, but he still gets away with a surprising amount of gross-out gags.
There's a necessary coldness at its heart, and I'm honestly unsure whether it's a plus or a minus. I'm convinced, however, that this big inner chill is part of the reason why it's still creeping me out just a bit.
Raimi's return to Evil Dead territory is proof that, respectability be damned, he can still whip up a slapstick splatterfest -- albeit a PG-13 one -- when the mood strikes.
It could do with some more insanity. That's usually the only time it really feels alive. As it is only about half of Drag Me to Hell really hits that levels, but that's a lot more than we normally get.
When a film makes me smile this much (you can't see, but it's a big smile), for this long (about a week) you know it's a great one.
Director Sam Raimi returns to his Evil Dead roots for this tongue-in-cheek gorefest -- one part spooky chiller, one part campy chuckler.
Drag Me To Hell is a genre-buster; one of the funniest and most satisfying films of 2009, and quite simply a perfect horror film. It also has possibly the greatest final-reel shock since Carrie.
Raimi took the horror/comedy by the scruff of the neck in 1981 with his no-budget, roller-coaster of a possession film Evil Dead...and he brings his big bag of tricks to his much-anticipated return to horror, Drag Me To Hell.
Raimi should go slumming more often.
While few are going to accuse it of breaking new narrative ground, it proves one of the most satisfying horror films of recent years.
Sam Raimi returns to his horror roots in the unrelenting and cheerfully macabre spook tale.
Raimi mastered the art of the screeching, zombie hag in The Evil Dead, and 28 years and three Spider-Mans later, he's still got it.
Drag Me To Hell is the thrill ride Sam Raimi should be making year-on-year, not another cash cow hapless Spider-Man film.
Contemporary economic crisis provides interesting backdrop to otherwise simple and rather predictable horror movie plot.
Thrilling, in ways both expected and less so, as prone to provoking giggles as it is gasps.
Raimi embraces hoary clichés like Gypsy curses and gateways to Hades in this cautionary tale for financial professionals.
The dichotomies director Sam Raimi presents within that familiar genre are what make this such a kick.
This certainly qualifies as an auteurist work, but I prefer my Sam Raimi diluted.
While it has the energy and the endless cinematic invention of his early work, the film's command of economical storytelling is something that once eluded Raimi.
This rollercoaster horror film is like an EC horror comic of the 1950s come to life, an unforgiving morality tale with playfully gruesome twists and a doozy of a gallows humor.
Raimi puts his pent-up energy to good use in Drag Me to Hell, an unpretentious horror hoot that's scary and funny in equal measure. [Blu-ray]
Loved the ending, but very little suspense or horror along the way. A tired, conventional plot. Paul Chambers, CNN.
click to read the full review
Raimi announces off the bat that a decade and change of toiling in mainstream studio projects has not killed the enfant terrible.
Sam Raimi revels in blurring the line between horror and comedy with gleeful disregard for the emotional well-being of his audience
The tone of escalating ghoulish farce is beautifully sustained
Beneficiado por um desfecho que, mesmo tremendamente previsível, é eficaz e impactante... e como é bom ver Sam Raimi voltando a abraçar suas raízes depois do fraquíssimo O Homem-Aranha 3.
A rollicking white-knuckle ride through the classics elements that make a horror film, done well, such an enjoyable experience.
Raimi doesn't merely pull out all the stops in his new horror film.... He pulls them out, purees them, stews the pulp in phlegm and vomit, pours us a nice bowlful and then throws it right in our faces. I mean that in the nicest possible way.
Not only is it genuinely scary, it's also outrageously funny. And for once, it's intentional.
It's like watching a slide down a slippery slope with big, sharp spikes at the bottom. For horror fans -- irresistible.
Drag Me To Hell is the most fun you'll have being scared for a long time. Nice to see you back, Sam.
As its shameless, tell-all, schlock title signals, Drag Me to Hell is great fun that goes light on gore in favour of inventive freak-outs.
Not great horror, but it's good enough to be going on with.
I'm not sure I'd call it classic Raimi horror, because I think his very first films, the Evil Dead films, were quite a lot better than this. I just didn't really think it worked on the visceral horror level that he does so well at his best.
This is classic Raimi horror, it will appeal to fans, others will most probably run from the theatre.
Wit, invention and shrewdly earned shocks abound in Drag Me to Hell. This burst blood-vessel of B-movie brilliance makes Raimi's rivals look like the corpse-grinding charlatans they truly are.
Director Sam Raimi returns to his roots, and fans of his controlled style of horror, where less is often more, should be grateful.
Drag Me to Hell isn't a classic by any means, but feels like a palate cleanser before the next big project - and anything that washes the taste of Spider-man 3 out of Raimi's mouth can only be a good thing.
[Sam] Raimi returns to the horror game with a film boasting a satisfying originality -- a device too often missing from the horror-film toolbox -- and wicked, depraved wit.
I really can't recommend it. Despite the fact that I support the idea of comedy horror, I do generally ask that it contain at the very least either comedy or horror.
One of the finer horror movies released this year...
Things fall apart somewhat in the predictable finale, but Raimi shows he hasn't forgotten how much fun it is to get scared to death.
A gooey, frenetic, raucous and mind-meltingly clever delight. This fabulously compact little morality tale is the most fun you'll ever have analyzing our economic collapse.
Proves Raimi still knows how to crawl under an audience's skin.
Raimi can do more with a set of false teeth and a compelling, if deeply flawed, heroine that most horror hacks can with enough fake blood to flood the Great Basin.
The Rolling Stones album 'Let It Bleed' advised: THIS RECORD SHOULD BE PLAYED LOUD. Prints of this film must be stamped with a similar order: Tension is created by ear-smashing NOISE, to create a hell-on-earth feeling of temporary insanity in the viewer.
Stands as the latest in a line of occasional, much-needed reminders that the horror genre isn't going completely downhill anytime soon.
Raimi's got skills. He has humor. He makes great use of Alison Lohman.
Serious about its scare factor, but allows us to laugh at our own reactions to Raimi's often frightening, always entertaining images.
Drag Me To Hell is low-blow foolishness, but you can't really hate a movie too much that has floating handkerchiefs, flinging dentures, killer staplers and talking goats.
What is nice about this film is it is different from most of the horror films being made currently. What is disappointing is that it is not enough different from some of the classics of the horror genre.
Drag Me to Hell is a sometimes funny and often startling horror movie. That is what it wants to be, and that is what it is.
'You have staples in your head!' Alison screams at her. 'All the better to collate my thoughts!' sneers the old crone.
While it's fun to see Raimi goofing around with horror again, it's nothing to get overly excited about.
Drag Me to Hell can't quite live up to the Evil Dead movies, mostly because it never finds a consistent tone. Not to mention, its background mythology is both totally ridiculous and almost impossible to understand.
Built on a love of old movies, on the special camaraderie that exists when you're sitting there in the dark, screaming and laughing with a bunch of strangers.
A solid horror movie that features such big laughs, you come away wishing that most comedies were consistently as funny and as bright.
Funny, but not as funny as Raimi's earlier horror films were.
Seethes with atmosphere and characters that echo the hallmarks of Universal horror.
Drag Me To Hell isn't a perfect movie, but it may be a perfect moviegoing experience.
...walks a narrow path between campiness, sincerity, and sudden bursts of shock and 'aaaah'!
Even if Drag Me to Hell isn't particularly scary, even if it idly disregards its potential, it's been a long time since a horror movie of such obvious wit and loving theatrics hit American theaters.
A rickety, old-fashioned scare picture made by a man who proved many years ago that he has nothing left to prove in the horror genre.
Not a movie likely to be enjoyed by cat lovers...
There's something fundamentally disappointing about watching Raimi use his considerable resources to just make more wonderful scat.
Think of this as Night of the Demon on amphetamines as reimagined by the Three Stooges.
good, malicious fun that revels in its own absurdity, lack of lofty ambitions, and determination to drag you down with it
Exorcist-like hokey supernatural thriller.
A bold, brash, unsubtle bogey tale full of buzzing hell-flies, repellenet effluvia and black-and-white moral lessons: One step off the path of virtue and everyone knows where you're going, missy.
A visceral horror movie of the kind that established his reputation.
Campy, funny and scary but the ending is a let down.
Truly, this is manna from hell.
This grosses you out but it also makes you laugh at how crazy it is.
It would be tempting to call Sam Raimi's Drag Me to Hell a budding cult classic, except its profitability and popularity may eclipse cult status.
Audience eyefuls of home invasion cross-generational geriatric female mud wrestling, a homicidal button, and sucking lots of involuntary face. And if the movie makes any impression on banks to stop foreclosing or else, that's good enough.
has re-animated every trope with a dazzling vibrancy that pays homage to the classics while still being acutely contemporary, thematically timeless, and absolutely terrifying
A spine-tingling adventure guaranteed to elicit blood-curdling screams and to make you jump out of your seat when you least expect it.
Isn't as inspired, or as gory, as the best of Evil Dead, but it's still good senseless fun.
Gleefully goosing the juice on this ride, Sam Raimi delivers his best film in more than a decade. The brothers Grimm would take pride in this cautionary fable flooded with formaldehyde, flies and more funky-denture action than seemingly possible.
The movie is manic and gross, all right, but not much fun unless you enjoy watching an attractive 29-year-old woman getting punished repulsively over and over.
Sam Raimi had me at the ticked-off talking goat, but he gave me so much more.
I don't think Raimi's intent in his latest film is to scare the hell out of you but rather to give you a fun ride and Drag Me to Hell delivers exactly that.
The evil is back. The Oldsmobile is back. Horror director Sam Raimi is back. What's not to love?
'Drag Me to Hell' scared the daylights out of me. That is, when I wasn't laughing at the dark humor that only Sam Raimi can concoct.
Director Sam Raimi reconfirms his evil cred.
[Director Sam Raimi's return to the horror genre is] a bit like a reunion tour by an aging rock band running through a medley of their hits: it's fun to see their routine again, but the magic is gone.
Raimi with the precision of a surgeon pulls all the right strings. He effectively uses sound effects first and then follows up with scary nightmarish visuals. Being a devoted fan of The Three Stooges growing up, Raimi has an appreciation for comedy to rel
...truly a screamingly giddy piece of entertainment.
Drag Me to Hell? More like sauntering through purgatory.
Sam Raimi's return to directing a horror film is everything you could have asked for and more.
Watch Sam Raimi get his horror groove back.
Raimi knows that we know the usual rhythms for these things, and he deliberately plays with them, holding a scary note for an extra long time, or waiting an extra beat before cutting loose.
Don't think of Drag Me to Hell as a grisly horror flick. Instead, realize that it is the most hilarious movie of 2009.
If The Exorcist were re-imagined by Bugs Bunny, this is what you'd get. Drag Me to Hell is a head trip for the ages.
The biggest howls involve the delicate heroine helplessly ingesting or inhaling bugs, worms, and bile--physical equivalents of her destructive emotions--and Raimi ends the story with the sort of black punch line that's become his signature.
Yeah, Drag Me to Hell is schlock cinema. But it's schlock cinema with a Ph.D.
Welcome back, Sam Raimi.
Raimi's Drag Me to Hell does everything we want a horror film to do: It is fearsomely scary, wickedly funny and diabolically gross, three stomach-churning states that argue for taking a pass on the $10 box of popcorn.
Drag Me to Hell is pure cheese. Goat cheese.
Drag Me to Hell shows him (director Sam Raimi) back confidently where he belongs, displaying his trademark brio and invention.
A funhouse freak show that's more interested in delivering old-fashioned chills than in wallowing in misogyny, masochism and mutilation.
Raimi as a filmmaker is clearly having more fun than he's had in years. So will his fans.
This movie is a brazen shot of attitudinal viscera pumped directly into the audience's vein as if it were heroin, the film as nasty a scare tactic as any likely to see domestic 2009 theatrical release.
A diabolically funny, creepy and thrilling crowd-pleaser, as long as you're willing to check your brain at the door and suspend your disbelief. It's the ultimate midnight-movie experience that should to be watched with a large movie theater crowd.
The looseness Raimi allows himself here results in an especially joyous kind of filmmaking, the sort where the filmmaker's delight in scaring us (and making us laugh) becomes part of the movie's fabric.
Sam Raimi is back in close to prime form with this week's thoroughly enjoyable Drag Me To Hell, a horror thrill ride almost certain to satisfy any audience member willing to choose a movie with "Hell" in the title over the latest Pixar offering.
Is it as hilarious as the Evil Deads? Almost.
One of the best horror films to be seen in many years.
Immerses you into a heroine's nightmare, tinged with humor and a threatening blast furnace that could be the gateway to a warm afterlife."
It's the work of a filmmaker once again drunk on the daffy possibilities of horror filmmaking -- and determined to share that joy with his fans.
Inspired by the tone of B-movie scare epics of the '50s, they've made a slick, mostly predictable homage-pastiche that itself rates about a B-.
It's good, clean, bile-soaked fun.
This is a movie that will have you scream, laugh and squirm...
Apart from the evocative title, which is a great nod to '50s drive-in fare, the film is as predictable as a meal beneath the golden arches.
Christine's monstrosity is hardly so daunting as that of the evil spirit stalking her, but it's of a piece with Drag Me to Hell's mostly vague cultural critique.
A movie that is campy, frightening and one of the most memorable of the summer because it is so different from everything else
It's creepy and gory, not to mention theologically suspect, and will give all but the most stalwart horror fans an unshakable case of the screaming meemees.
Drag Me to Hell is simultaneously gritty and goofy, brightly coloured and down-to-earth.
Parental Content Review
For sheer visceral jump-out-of-your-seat thrills, you can't get any better than this.
A gross-out fright movie.
... Has some fun with its premise and characters.
Drag Me to Hell has everything you want in a horror film...Welcome back to the land of the dead, Sam Raimi. You've been away too long.
How do you craft a horror film to perfection? Just add Sam Raimi to the mix to get the perfect brew of blood, sacrifices and a gypsy curse while leaving viewers dying for more.
When I walked out of the theater, the publicist asked me if I was the little girl screaming in the front row and I answered honestly with; 'Yes.'
A movie that is slickly accomplished in its own dark arts, and one that never once resorts to the recent nihilistic faddishness for torture-porn. It will be a huge hit. The re-invention of horror begins here.
Raimi is a master at maintaining a particular type of cinematic tone: scary without being unwatchable, and revolting without losing wit.
Raimi's return to the splatter genre is absolutely, unrelentingly mental. Terrifying in places, screamingly stupid in others, it's a riot from OTT start to ADHD finish.
The superb Drag Me To Hell deserves to be seen on a large screen with a sizeable crowd. Much like a theme park rollercoaster ride, the synchronised gasping, screaming and relieved bursts of laughter can only enhance the experience.
Raimi keeps the gore flowing - Evil Dead fans will cheer a moment of eyeball zaniness and a séance that features a levitating demon- but what separates him from grunge meisters Rob Zombie and Eli Roth are the subtler flourishes.
Gaudy, ghoulish, this particular creepshow plugs into the EC Comics of the '50s, laughing uproariously in the face of death. Forgettable, but groovy while it lasts.
At a time when horror is defined by limp Japanese retreads or punishing exercises in pure sadism, Drag Me to Hell has a tonic playfulness that's unabashedly retro, an indulgent return to Mr. Raimi's goofy, gooey roots.
This hellaciously effective B-movie comes with a handy moral tucked inside its scares, laughs and Raimi's specialty, the scare/laugh hybrid. Moral: Be nice to people.
Sam Raimi's financial services horror is an energetic return to his roots.
Drag Me To Hell is never less than trashy, adrenalised fun.
Drag Me To Hell is the greatest horror film of the decade and is a must see for scare fans. Gore-geous!
Bad taste? Undoubtedly. And the slim storyline only just sustains itself to feature length. But if you're in the mood for this kind of impishness, it's extremely jolly entertainment.
Drag Me To Hell really is an unmissable experience, the sort of film that those with nerves of steel will want to see again and again. Scary, electrifying and very, very funny, you won't know whether to laugh or barf.
The great thing about Drag Me To Hell is that it is laugh-out-loud funny as well as scream-out-loud scary... and as one who has a hard time with horror movies, I must say it is darn entertaining.
You will curse yourself if you miss this horror classic.
Hokum and trash, but very entertaining hokum and a classy kind of trash.
Cheap, nasty and rather magnificent.
Drag Me To Hell is surprisingly conventional fare that feels like an old Twilight Zone episode buffed up with lashings of bad taste for a new generation.
Maybe not one for all the family but this fairground ghost train will drag you to Hell kicking and screaming - with laughter.
It's outrageously dark and twisted in the most delightful ways, a frenetic funhouse of terrors that causes almost as much laughter as pants-wetting.
Drag Me To Hell proves it's possible to satiate gorehounds and scare them and make them laugh. It's a descent into the underworld that, for once, is worth taking.
Resistance and rebellion to the studio routine resounds throughout Drag Me to Hell, and as a return to the filmmaker's original witty shocks and gross-outs, how goddamn touching it is.
Drag Me To Hell is a startler, and yet one doesn't get irritated by the jump-ups. They pay off and are as well planned as anything else in the film. So much in Drag Me to Hell depends on atmospherics, makeup and orchestral music.
Hell seems like a less stressful environment compared to some of the stuff on screen.
A joyous return to Raimi's horror-schlockmeister origins, the film is a timely and inspired horror parody and gross-out comedy about a bank loan officer with an evil spell on her.
One of the most unashamedly fun mainstream horror flicks of recent memory.
Despite certain events being obvious there are still some genuine shocks and scares to be found as well as quite a few laughs.
Drag Me to Hell is the best thing Sam Raimi has done since the Evil Dead films.
If Raimi had a rubber skeleton he could launch into the audience, he probably would.
The plot is pretty silly, but Raimi films are always more about the tour-de-force sequences than the story.
Raimi going back to his roots, showing that he hasn't forgotten how to exercise his wickedly mischievous side to put on a hell of a show.
A combination of silly humor, startling scares and gags (in every sense of the world) that are simultaneously so goofy and gruesome that you won't know whether to laugh or barf. Trust me, in a film of this type, that kind of comment is high praise indeed.
Sam Raimi returns to the format that put him on the map with Drag Me to Hell - and you won't be disappointed.
The first horror flick of the mortgage crisis, this is great pulp and Lohman is game for everything.
Raimi's fans will no doubt be pleased that he's whipping out the greatest hits. But just the same, it's the greatest hits package equivalent to Peter Gabriel's best-of album not including In Your Eyes.
It's hard to know where to start with what the film does right, since almost everything in the movie is horrortastic.
Raimi always keeps some part of his tongue firmly planted in his cheek. He wants you to laugh as often as he wants you to scream, and he succeeds in equal measure with both.
...ultimately stands as a refreshing alternative to the myriad of Asian-horror remakes that have been flooding the marketplace as of late.
There's no truth in the title. Drag Me to Hell is horror-movie heaven.
[The characters are] so innocuous, and they're played with so little verve, that you don't feel a strong identification when their lives are wrecked.
As in the best horror movies, Drag Me to Hell keeps the audience on the edge of hysteria throughout, so that every thump sets the heart racing and every joke earns a slightly out-of-control laugh.
Drag Me to Hell proves two important points about the horror genre: A horror movie can be rated PG-13 and still be scary, and a horror film can be every bit as fun as the big and loud, supposed 'popcorn' movies.
Drag Me To Hell is quick and lowdown-delightful. It's also a graveyard or two up in class from the torture films that, in recent years, have redefined horror for the worse.
Behind the camera and in complete control, Sam Raimi comes to Drag Me to Hell with eyes ablaze, taking his genuine love for horror and bestowing it upon the audience like a gift.
...Raimi returns to his roots with a vengeance, giving his gypsy curse/exorcism horror the kind of over-the-top, almost operatic feel that hasn't graced genre screens in decades.
If all you want are shocks and bumps and screams and laughs and a couple of they-did-NOT-just-show-that jawdroppers -- then Drag Me To Hell is definitely the funhouse ride for you.
Drag Me to Hell is an eyeball-gouging lesson in how to make a genre flick and live to tell about it.
The characters are solid, the shocks are grab-your-heart-medicine scary, the story glides from twist to twist with diabolical grace. And it's damned funny.
While you wait patiently for Sam Raimi to make Evil Dead 4, he gives you the next best thing.
Raimi succeeds at giving literal moviemaking a good name, while providing diabolic catharsis for many a disgruntled homeowner.
Deliciously scary and wickedly tongue-in-cheek, Drag Me to Hell is devilish fun that cinema lovers of all kinds owe themselves to experience. So entertaining it ought to be a crime.
it is nice to have Sam Raimi back doing what he does best -- scaring the bejesus out of people.
With the same twisted humor Raimi displayed in Evil Dead and Army of Darkness, his Drag Me to Hell is wickedly jolly and disturbingly frightening -- often at the same time.
An unconscionably fun chiller that re-discovers the genre's missing secret sauce.
This is junk filmmaking at its finest.
Doesn't boast a plot to match its hilariously over-the-top title, but it offers enough scares and chuckles to make for an enjoyably ghoulish cinematic roller-coaster ride.
An unabashedly schlocky, expertly executed blend of jack-in-the-box jolts and humour.
The wait for a truly scary movie -- for a rambunctious, slam-bang, all-out, slap-you-sideways horror picture -- is finally over.
Undemanding fun.
Drag Me to Hell is unlike any scary thriller in a while: frightening, frenzied and fun.
Drag Me to Hell never quite hits the psychotronic heights of Evil Dead II, but, in the interim, the director has honed his skills to a razor's edge in the creation of nerve-racking suspense and jarring shocks.
A near-brilliant comedy disguised as a quickie horror flick, Sam Raimi's Drag Me to Hell is the year's most frightfully hilarious movie so far.
A junky but entertaining throwback.
The 99-minute, eye-popping, bowel-twingeing, possessed-talking-goat extravaganza that follows must be one of the scariest things I've ever seen in the cinema.
Evil Dead 4? Not quite, but you can see it from here.
Raimi's made this "Drag" a race, designed to chill you, thrill you and give you an excuse to clutch your date's arm with each of the many jolts and jumps it delivers as it twists and turns to the finish line.
Crafted sadism is not held back - it's a movie Satan himself might have made if he'd got the funding. Raimi's story weds modern careerism to pagan demonology. The result is a fright-fest with satirical undertones.
Parts of it are entertaining, although I'm not convinced they're enjoyable entirely for the reasons intended by the filmmakers.
The film is so relentlessly fun that we're powerless to resist.
Hugely enjoyable, genuinely scary and frequently hilarious, this is a superbly acted horror flick with terrific special effects that shows director Sam Raimi joyfully returning to his Evil Dead roots.
Diabolically entertaining.
Hell is an efficient, exceptional shocker that serves up bucketfuls of jolts and icks with eye-bulging enthusiasm. It's honestly the best horror film I've seen in ages.
Rather than inviting the gag reflex with scenes of severed limbs and graphic torture, Raimi takes a manic, tongue-in-cheek approach to horror that seems to revel in its own absurdity. Needless to say, he's been missed.
Sam Raimi does not cheat us. I believe in curses and after Drag Me to Hell, so will you.
Schlocky and spooky, it's a disturbing terror thriller with an unusually loud soundtrack.
Going back to his roots, Raimi has made the most crazy, fun, and terrifying horror movie in years.
[Raimi] is challenging the typical ethics of the modern horror story...
Sam Raimi returns to his Evil Dead roots with this white-knuckle horror flick that has the ability to scare the pants off you one moment then cause the giggles the next.
Going gloriously over the top, Raimi simply aims to make us laugh and scare the pants off us, and he hits the mark on both fronts.
Thrilling and often hilarious, it's good to see one of Hollywood's most inventive directors fully reinvigorated.
Raimi sure-handedly blends thrills with giggles in this old-fashioned, newfangled, over-the-top hair-raiser.
The true test of any successful horror flick is how wretched it makes you feel. At the very least, it should inspire a banquet of dread or offer a canapé of anxiety. After Drag Me to Hell you won't mind walking home alone.
Entertaining enough in its squishy-squirmy way, and the payoff delivers a little jolt of that old time Raimi magic.
An uproariously entertaining piece of lunacy, studded with belly laughs.
Raimi, ever the engineer, takes pleasure in screwing with audience identification, shifting between collaboration and contempt for our heroine.
Drag Me to Hell more than lives up to the hype surrounding the horror master's return to the genre.
The freewheeling spirit that infused The Evil Dead is absent here.
Drag Me to Hell composes an underscore of terror that will keep its admirers on edge for the entire running time.
There's goo, gore and guffaws galore in this outrageous celebration of everything you used to love about both Sam Raimi and the horror genre itself.
A delirious haunted house carnival ride.
A giddy procession of intermittently successful jump scares and make-you-vomit sight gags strung together by a story so elemental it could be rendered in mural form on a funhouse wall.
"Drag Me to Hell" is the most fun I've had at the movies in years. It's destined to be a cult classic for all eternity.
He's not reinventing the genre, but he doesn't have to. He already did that once, and now he's just doing what he's good at. His era of in your face outrageousness didn't last long enough as far as I'm concerned.
I never thought I'd say this. Never. But I have officially forgotten SPIDERMAN 3. I want to hug Sam Raimi. I want to hug him like I did back in the days of EVIL DEAD...Let's just say that pissing off a gypsy is NOT a good idea...
Does Raimi really have to go back and do another frickin' Spider-Man movie after this?
Scant of plot and barren of subtext, the pic is single-mindedly devoted to pushing the audience's buttons, and who better than Raimi to do the honors?
A slickly made, engaging horror film that evokes the spirit of much of the director's early work.
Drag Me To Hell pays off with playful, powerful panache.
Revealing Raimi in top form as a maestro of the genre that launched his career, this film is an extremely satisfying small-scale supernatural horror, relying more heavily on characterization, acting, tone and mood than on special effects per se.
It's a visceral assault on the senses and will have you gasping for breath as the laughs and scares mount. Raimi directs with the confidence and flair of a genre master.
In modern horror there's always a line they can't cross. Drag Me To Hell stabs it, sacrifices it, buries it in the back yard, and then gets away with it by giving the audience a wink and a nod.
[The] brand-new self-described "spook-a-blast" is a nasty little bit of cyanide fun, a new Sam Raimi horror film, and it is an indecent amount of fun.
Lohman takes a Bruce Campbell-style beating through Raimi's wonderful world of swoop-cams, attacking furniture and pus-spewing creatures...Take a deep sigh of relief, horror fans. Sam's back!
DRAG ME TO HELL was quite simply the most PERFECT horror film I've seen in a long, long while. Raimi stirs a delicious witches brew that blends gore, scares and fun into a perfect blend.

@highlight

Sam Raimi returns to top form with Drag Me to Hell , a frightening, hilarious, delightfully campy thrill ride.