Unfortunately, the movie veers in the most predicable, Saw-like direction possible just as the characters are starting to crackle with originality.
You should just go see it for yourself. Unless you shouldn't.
Thematic rigor mortis sets in long before the final reel.
Despite the meandering pace, and lack of fearsome thrills, After.Life is a chilling fairytale that grabs you and takes you on a strangely hypnotic ride.
There is too much reliance on one character's word against another which leads the audience back and forth over the truth.
takes its ambiguities all the way to the grave - and beyond.
Proposes a novel scenario, but bogs it down with cliche filmmaking techniques so much, you'll be hoping we all just die and go to heaven; end of story.
makes you think too much about what it's doing, rather than what it's about, thus drawing you away from the deeper philosophical questions of life and death at its core
Born again Ricci haunts a mortuary, while perfecting post-mortem freaky in the nude. This may or may not be your cup of embalming fluid, whether intriguing those with unconventional viewing preferences, or seriously creeping you out.
Confusing chiller explores death; too dark for teens.
It dresses up boilerplate horror in a classy shell, yet never gives it the pulse it needs.
A stylish piece of horror-movie hokum.
Has some first-timer flaws but avoids 'cheesy horror movie' status by serious tapping into the vein Poe mined for premature burial.
It's too dull for grown-ups and too nightmarish for children. It makes Nip/Tuck look like a Mel Brooks musical.
Best of all is Neeson, who is nicely creepy. Whether he's genuinely gifted or knuckle-chewing insane, he's not the kind of guy you'd want to spend time with, either way.
An atmospheric effort curious enough to intrigue both hardcore horror fans and those simply looking for a good thriller.
Plays like a snooty, deliberately obtuse version of Saw.
I have seen my share of cheapie horror flicks that invariably end with the CARNIVAL OF SOULS twist...[Wojtowicz-Vosloo] knows you know this stuff, and offers it up as a possibility right off the bat.
Sporadically creepy, stylish and initially suspenseful, but ultimately unimaginative, asinine and deficient in clever surprises and palpable thrills.
a distasteful exercise in the proper disposition of the deceased during funeral preparations with less blood in it than the corpses that populate it
Doesn't really work either as a scary movie or as a food-for-thought cautionary tale.
Almost imperceptibly, the 'is she alive or dead' equation takes over the entire affair.
This ambitious little horror movie deserves credit for its art house aspirations...unfortunately, this is a case when 'vaulting ambition' o'erleaps itself and falls.
Boring horror movies are common but what distinguishes After.Life is the pretension with which the boredom is doled out.
Ms. Wojtowicz-Vosloo seems to have spent too much time trying to make an art-house chiller instead of an effective film.
Neeson floats through the picture with the conked demeanor of a man who's suffered an accidental self-lobotomy.
Slightly creepy and very well-shot, but essentially it's a Twilight Zone concept that's been (unkindly) stretched to feature length.
If someone needs to be convinced they're dead, Neeson should make the argument.
I don't think we're expected to take After.Life any more seriously than Ricci's last extended (near) nude role in the immortal Black Snake Moan. That one was more fun.
While nobody comes out especially well, Ricci is the only one required to spend much of the movie naked. And for what?
I admire filmmakers who take chances and defy expectations.
You end up with something that's half art film, half hokum, and the actors, particularly the fitful Ricci, seem unsure of how to approach the material.
Boiled down to what's actually presented, the whole movie is misdirection, executed without any subtlety.
Considering the weakness of the material that she has been given to work with, Ricci does what she can but the only person likely to cherish this particular performance is Mr. Skin.
Let's just get down to the basics: If you want to see both a movie that keeps you guessing as to what's really happening AND Christina Ricci naked %u2013 then After.Life is for you.
The dialogue is clumsy, the tone swings between somber and silly and the whole bizarre venture eventually succumbs to rigor mortis.
A few moments of grim humor simply underline long stretches of tedium, and the imagery is full of spook film cliches. Although there's a juicy role for Liam Neeson, and he's good, it's just not enough.
Neither horrific enough to scare, nor psychologically thrilling enough to even register a pulse. And whatever fun there is to be found, and there were hoots aplenty, it's of the "laughing at, not with" variety.
Though elegantly made, 'After.Life' is basically one long tease that in the end doesn't deliver much beyond further obfuscation.
... guilt by association ... with Death himself. ... Agnieszka Wojtowicz-Vosloo exploits that unease and does it well.
Neeson's right -- something's definitely deceased here. But it's the whole picture. And a swift interment on DVD and late-night cable seems in the best interest of everyone.
Maddeningly inert [and] caught in a pretentious no-man's land between horror and melodrama.
Wojtowicz-Vosloo just piles on the nonsense back and forth in a laughably incomprehensible muddle.
On a plot level, few of the psychodrama elements make much sense.
Clean, precise and terribly sullen, After.Life is like its female protagonist. It feels stuck between worlds, or genres.
Wojtowicz-Vosloo certainly knows how to use a camera. Now she just needs to learn how to entertain an audience - or at least come up with a film that doesn't try so hard to be profound yet has absolutely nothing to say...
I think, in a way, the film short-changes itself by not coming down on one side or the other. As it stands, it's a framework for horror situations but cannot be anything deeper.
After.Life is a fascinating premise lost inside a meandering script.
[Ricci] has to operate, unfazed, in close-up nakedness much of the time, while the camera practically licks her pale skin.
Neeson clearly relishes the role, but he never plays to the cheap seats by going whole-hog psychotic. The character's motivations remain tantalizingly opaque from first frame to last.
What might have played well as a multipage Poe rumination gradually gets pulled to bits by thudding Ricci-Neeson face-offs in the poster-ready funeral-prep chamber.
Either you'll go with After.Life's conceit or you won't. Even if you do, you're left with more questions about its plausibility than you'll be comfortable with.
Born again Christina Ricci haunts a mortuary, while perfecting post-mortem freaky in the nude. This may or may not be your cup of embalming fluid, in terms of either intriguing those with unconventional viewing preferences, or seriously creeping you out.
Its attempts to intriguingly address issues of life and death are undercut by silly vagueness and sillier gratuitous T&A.
A tense, elegant, intelligent thriller that will have audiences debating whether Liam Neeson's character is a serial killer or a kindly mortician.


@highlight

It has an interesting premise and admirable ambitions, but After.Life fails to deliver enough twists or thrills to sustain its creepy atmosphere.