Docu is the best introduction to the Holocaust for tweens.
Interesting and frequently moving documentary but it misses several opportunities to widen the scope and make some important points.
the message attached is genuine and worth listening to
Who knew a movie that seeks to remind us of one of the greatest horrors in human history could be so unintentionally hilarious?
Paper Clips is a nice social interest project, but not much of a documentary.
For the documentary to shift credit to the paper-clip project as a reason for receiving the speakers is tantamount to fraud.
Documentaries do not rise or fall on their production values ...
This is a modest film with a big heart that leaves you thinking that Anne Frank got it right: Basically people are good.
The film is constructed simply, even amateurishly, but the power of what's being done comes through loud and clear. The material is far better than the movie.
You have to be a pretty cynical not to be a little moved.
It would be easier to forgive first-timers Elliot Berlin and Joe Fab for their offenses against good documentary filmmaking if they weren't messing up such sure-fire material.
There's no denying the iron grip of the movie's message.
Certainly not the tribute these kids and adults deserve.
Somebody forgot to tell Elliot Berlin and Joe Fab that a noble cause does not a movie make.
Paper Clips is two movies: the movie its makers think it is, and the movie it actually is. One of them is pretty good.
[A] heartfelt, if rather repetitive, documentary.
Segments shot in hindsight pale in comparison to the actual, effective, and emotional recollections of survivors who come to Whitwell to share their past with the school.
The Tennessee middle school's story is worth hearing, but rather than a feature-length documentary, it's best suited as a short TV newsmagazine package.
You will never look at the familiar little fasteners the same way again. This is an incredible 87 minutes in a movie theater on several levels.
Affectingly documents an example of caring, concerned students and the inspiring educators who lead them.
Compassionate, inspirational documentary about "a journey that begins in the brain and ends in the heart"...
It's a remarkable story, and well worth seeing, particularly for its handful of genuinely affecting moments.
Where other documentarians look for a charismatic personality to enliven their films, Berlin and Fab focus on the community as a whole.
Has powerful moments, mostly courtesy of the Holocaust survivors, but the interviews and narration sound overly coached, and...the film is given to repetitive overstatement.
Paper Clips isn't very well shot, but the kids' hearts and compassion come through quite clearly nonetheless.
What makes Paper Clips so powerful and moving is the way everyone in the film seems affected by the Whitwell project. The students change. The teachers change. The townspeople change.
Not a sophisticated or very challenging film, nor should it be. It is straightforward, heartfelt and genuine.
Symbolism is hard to swallow, and it's near impossible to relate to these paper clips as souls, especially when they are talked about in terms of collecting and counting and displaying.
It's nice, and occasionally affecting, but also fairly pedestrian.
The events depicted in Paper Clips are by turns heartwarming, horrifying, amazing, and exactly the type of real-world improbability that the documentary form was created for.
Low-key but inspirational.
It's difficult to watch this and not get swept away by the emotion of their journey... It's not a perfect documentary, but it's a very moving one.
The project is chronicled eloquently in Paper Clips, a documentary about how a few kids can make a difference, one paper clip at a time.
The story becomes more about the collection of the paper clips and less and less about what the paper clips represent.
Paper Clips isn't the slickest documentary you'll ever see, or the shrewdest or the most dramatic. But it could be the most moving.
A small, heartening slice of life that feels like a crucial step toward something bigger.
It's hard to find fault with the motives of the teachers and the kids. Their determination and results are admirable.
A moving experience.
Touching and inspiring.
Paper Clips may be so-so moviemaking, but it's great reality.
Will always succeed with audiences because it documents an A-level grass-roots effort. But as filmmaking, the disappointment is that it manages only C-level vision.
Despite its flaws, the movie does have some valuable lessons to teach and uplifting words to share.
The best way to appreciate Joe Fab and Elliot Berlin's documentary is to ignore the mood-bullying music, cheesy narration and plodding style so you can focus on the touching story at its heart.
It should be judged on the basis of its intentions, which are good, its aspirations, which are spectacular, and its morals, which are beyond compare, rather than its aesthetics, which are mediocre.
A worthwhile record of an admirable undertaking, but a little less sentiment and a little more edge might have produced a stronger film.
This film of middle school students who managed to create a Holocaust memorial is so self-congratulatory it tugs against the gravity of the Holocaust itself.
There is something quite heartening about watching these kids earnestly guide others around their memorial, which was four years in the making.
Nothing more sophisticated than a cheery newsmagazine segment with a seriously confused point of view and no desire to engage the audience honestly.
Attests to the transforming and far-reaching power of a simple idea.
This is an illuminating and moving film, not about the Holocaust so much as it is about compassion, learning, respect, and change, essential viewing for families.
Patiently told and lovingly made.



@highlight

A touching, though somewhat flat, documentary that follows a homogenous class of white Protestant eighth graders as they learn the importance of tolerance by erecting a monument to the 6 million victims of the Holocaust.