An occasionally doleful but otherwise lively trip, Muscle Shoals is yet another cinematic shout-out to those unsung heroes who came out of nowhere and made music that mattered.
Hall's backstory, riddled with tragedy, gets the proper attention and respect here. But it's the music that won't let you stop watching.
Camalier's tuneful if somewhat overlong anecdotal history does the most justice to the Muscle Shoals sound just by listening to it.
Retrospective rockumentary deconstructs the secret of a legendary Alabama music studio's success.
It is amazing to see how this style and sound came to fruition as it changed the careers of artists like Aretha Franklin and created some of the most memorable albums and songs from artists like Etta James, The Rolling Stones, Lynyrd Skynyrd, and [more].
Camalier makes an excellent job of combining talking-head interviews with music, anecdotes and folklore.
An extraordinary story of singers, songwriters, musicians, producers and, most of all, two recording studios in a small Southern city.
A bit lengthy but packed with great music, this is a solid documentary that musicians and fans of soul music will likely enjoy.
Though Muscle Shoals can seem a little conventional, you could never say the same thing of its soundtrack
Supremely enjoyable, Muscle Shoals doesn't add much to the record, but it will probably induce you to flip through your collection for a few to spin.
Emotionally moving but messy, it survives thanks to its superb songs, great cinematography and insightful anecdotes - in spite of its lack of a satisfactory conclusion.
What is it that makes the music recorded in the studios in this small, out-of-the-way part of Alabama so magical? That's the question this documentary film tries to answer.
The movie never quite captures the magic of Muscle Shoals, but it's still fun to hear old pros like Aretha Franklin and Keith Richards trade tales.
Its story is well-worth telling.
It posits that the spirit of community forged by the musicians that created this music was part of its magic, and listening to it in the movie, it's hard to argue. The records they created defined an entire genre and hold up today as completely timeless.
The film possesses considerable persuasive power despite its modest substance and simple construction, making it very much like the timeless songs it showcases.
As Aretha might say, respect.
A galaxy of stars recall the magic of it all, although a little less boring Bono would have been a bonus.
And lo, the musical miscegenation was good.
The anecdotes work without the music, but if you like the music... Dang, it's a stairway to heaven.
Warm, enjoyable, smooth and lightweight, this celebratory documentary is a gentle tribute to a remarkable man and his work.
A stubborn charmer whose life was a magnet for tragedy, Hall is the emotional centre not only of the Muscle Shoals sound but of this film.
The movie is more a collection of cool people telling great stories than it is a structured documentary (despite Camalier's attempts in that direction). But in this case, that's enough.
Director Greg "Freddy" Camalier augments the talking heads with unusually evocative vistas ...
A well made, endlessly fascinating and impeccably researched documentary that tells a riveting story and is packed with great characters, terrific anecdotes and fabulous music.
Exceptional music, unexceptional documentary on the swampy sounds of the famous Tennessee backing band.
...well worth seeing for it's well-chosen mix of present-day interviews and archival footage, enlivened by many musical selections.
The lightning rod figure here is Rick Hall, "the founder of the music business in Muscle Shoals"...At 80, Hall remains sharply opinionated, and his extensive recollections give Muscle Shoals its spine.
As personal as the film gets, it never becomes overly sentimental or nostalgic; rather, it's a celebratory work alive with simple pleasures.
Occasionally baggy, always sincere, this is an essential document of a defining era when 'soul' really meant something.
A stomping good doc.
Two new docs on American culture merit attention
Even if the Muscle Shoals sound isn't on your iPod, you'll like seeing where it came from
Even casual music fans will enjoy behind-the-hits doc.
Greg Camalier's debut feature offers a worthy if sometimes ponderous take on a significant slice of U.S. popular music history.
What makes the documentary Muscle Shoals so fine besides a kicking soundtrack? Well first, there's its deep sense of place.
Muscle Shoals may not appeal to every generation's musical tastes, but for those of you who love that sweet soul music and crave that ol' time rock & roll, believe me: It's just the ticket.
It is hands down one of the best music documentaries ever made.
A mesmerizing documentary ...
In the debut documentary of Greg "Freddy" Camalier, it's a toss-up as to which is more magical -- the physical place of Muscle Shoals, Alabama, or the music it produced.
Amiably hodgepodge doc.
If you liked '20 Feet from Stardom,' you're going to love this.
Like 20 Feet From Stardom, another standout music doc of 2013, Muscle Shoals skillfully shines a light on unheralded musicians whose names usually are not illuminated.
If you're a music buff, than MUSCLE SHOALS is a must-see! It's a well made Documentary about an important time in music history that's informative, poignant, funny, and always engaging.
As the documentary demonstrates, knowing it when you hear it is one thing, but trying to explain the origin of the Muscle Shoals sound and its qualities is like dancing about architecture.
It's mandatory viewing for fans of the classic rock, soul and rhythm and blues of the 1960s and '70s.
[An] alternately maddening and magnificent documentary.
Even fans who don't know Muscle Shoals by name know its music by heart. Now they can also see how much soul went into it.
Director Greg "Freddy" Camalier skillfully, unhurriedly unfurls a wealth of classic music-biz tales as told by a who's who of R&B, soul and rock 'n' roll royalty and various other players and purveyors.
The soulfulness of the Muscle Shoals sound and surroundings is readily apparent from the opening minutes, and director Greg Camalier does an admirable job rifling through interpersonal conflicts and band breakthroughs.
[Camalier's] rambling love letter to a unique American sound is not only full of the beautiful landscapes and small town Americana which inspired it, it has an enveloping, beautiful heart.
"Muscle Shoals" is filled with great stories, characters and songs -- and, really, what else could you want from a music documentary?
Do not leave the film until the last credit rolls by.
Music docs with untold stories about unsung talents are an increasingly scarce commodity. But Muscle Shoals hits pay dirt with this vivid history of two recording studios that became crucial hotbeds of deep Southern soul and funky rock 'n' roll.
It all makes for a pretty glossy package and a treasure trove for music geeks, but there's a human angle to this story that will appeal to just about everyone.
The director wisely doesn't turn this into cavalcade of stars, keeping the focus as much on the man who built this hotbed of creativity and the musicians who played behind the household names.
Has funky magic in it. Ooh, baby, does it ever.
Director Greg Camalier weaves the interviews together as if he were making music, composing a film with storytelling rhythms and emotional chords. Soul aficionados will savour every beat
The film runs a tad long (just under two hours) and could stand another edit, but Mick, Keith, Bono and Aretha are on a roll, man.
Music history at its elegiac best
The film mixes an impressive array of interviews with plentiful archival footage.
Ruminations on Native American legends and Helen Keller's water pump would be fine in an Alabama travelogue, but in 'Muscle Shoals?' Couldn't we please get back to "Mustang Sally?"
Just as "Sweet Home Alabama" speaks for itself without revealing its meaning, so does this American story of ferment and feuding and amazing pop music.
Featuring interviews with R&B and rock royalty while exploring the uniquely American sound that crossed racial boundaries, Muscle Shoals is oddly paced and tone-deaf to its own message at times, but still important viewing.
..Muscle Shoals and its presentation doesn't reinvent the wheel...the treasure trove of stills and found footage makes for a compelling and effortlessly watchable film that even the casual music fan should find themselves totally engrossed in.
[A] charming, reverently shot ramble.
It might have functioned even better as an hour-long TV documentary. But with such great music coming, one hit after after another, it's always a joy to watch.
The documentary is a little slapdash, but then so is the very idea of what Muscle Shoals means. Is it the town itself? Or the celebrated rhythm section that started at one studio and then formed its own?
A marvelous doc about the creation of the fabled Muscle Shoals Sound -- as powerful today as it was 50 years ago.
It's about music at its most primal and mystical essence, exploring the way the soul of a place seeps into and informs the sounds that come out of it.
At once overstuffed with interviews and intellectually underdeveloped, the movie charts the area's music industry and what is lyrically if elusively called the Muscle Shoals sound.
Only the genre's most studious followers will be able to watch Muscle Shoals without being regularly astonished: Even if it sometimes gets lost in its byways, Greg "Freddy" Camalier's documentary tells an extraordinary story.
Camalier doesn't offer any theories as to why Muscle Shoals happened, his film nicely sketches what did happen, and why it mattered.
Although the intriguingly named first-time director Greg "Freddy" Camalier makes the twice-told tales of the film's second hour watchable, they end up paling in comparison to its essayistic first half.
One of the year's most entertaining and enriching nonfiction films...Moving and joyful.
This geeked-out tribute to the rural Alabama town that birthed an improbable amount of classic R&B and rock doesn't have a theory behind its parade of hits.
The archival footage is strong, Camalier is generous with musical clips, and the talking heads generate some drama when describing epochal moments like Aretha's first session.
Deals with the intriguing mystery of why so much funky music came from this one town.
This is a work that's a must-see for even the most casual of music fans, while still so chock full of moments of grace and beauty that even the most jaded of us that have seen umpteen other variations on this story can still properly fall in love with it.
Overall, it's joyous, uplifting - and as funky as the music at its heart.
A sumptuously assembled, exhaustively comprehensive film about music that changed lives.

@highlight

Essential for soul fans and entertaining for novices, Muscle Shoals offers a compelling, warts-and-all glimpse at one of the most fascinating stories in modern American music.