Poltergeist meets The X-Files when an average US suburban family is plunged into horror, blah blah blah.
Works perfectly well as a turn-off-the-lights (and be-willing-to-play-along) piece of sci-fi-sprinkled horror amusement.
Sneaks by being a retread, mainly because of the really thick tension and suspense [the director] pulls off with an effective score and sharp direction.
Dark Skies may not be a revelatory experience, but as a pure exercise in genre filmmaking, it excels.
Dark Skies won't totally scratch that itch for a good scare, but it's a welcome treat for those who follow the old X-Files credo, "The truth is out there".
When writer-director Scott Stewart eventually reveals his hand, the film loses its way, but Hamilton and Russell's solidly convincing performances keep things more grounded than you might expect.
Dark Skies unveils its horror slowly, creating a suspenseful ride that feels satisfying even though we're traveling a familiar road.
Dark Skies is a slow-burn paranormal horror film that spends way too much time on setup and not enough on reveal.
...the film, for the most part, contains many elements that have been employed in other similarly-themed endeavors...
The movie promises fireworks--and it delivers.
yet another example of horror that can't make up its mind, and as a result, can't satisfy
What body-snatches this beyond being another haunted-home flick is the attention to family breakdown rather than another scare around the next dark corner. It's more about eerieness and creepiness than outlandish confrontations and gory shocks.
It could be a test case for copyright law.
Expectations of originality soon cloud over, leading towards the kind of quick ending at 97 minutes which kills any sign of blue sky thinking.
It's never uninteresting.
A moderately effective supernatural tale, an allegory for our anxious times in which a suburban American family appears to be targeted by some malign force that is, as we used to say, "not of this world".
A baffling bore.
Zero points for originality, but interestingly messy at the same time.
There are some good ideas here, just not enough frights.
An old-fashioned scary movie; a sci-fi horror that is a workmanlike piece of film-making, with some effective shocks, cheerfully borrowing from other sources, most obviously Spielberg.
If the dour home-invasion chiller Dark Skies needs one thing, it's aliens with more novel ideas.
Dark Skies is a good story, well told and one that keeps you on the edge of your seat.
A psychological thriller aiming to avoid the straitjacket of formula.
Time and again, Stewart squanders the opportunity to do anything remotely interesting or worthwhile ...
By parading out every tired trope from the sci-fi and horror genres, Dark Skies is unintentional self-parody, and quite dreadful indeed.
Dark Skies is a watchable supernatural thriller with a handful of effectively creepy moments, but it's let down by a clichéd script, a lack of imagination and a soporific lead performance from Keri Russell.
Dark Skies sustains tension by grounding most of the family's torment in reality.
Somehow this mishmash of borrowed ideas all comes together to create an unexpectedly solid genre movie.
A protracted and tedious build up leads to a mildly unnerving pay-off in this largely uninspired horror movie.
In this doomy surburban horror the real terrors don't come from space.
A tepid attempt at making an alien abduction yarn into a Paranormal Activity movie (a dubious enough notion at best) -- and a boring little movie.
...now more than ever, terror begins at home -- especially when the evil forces are ruining expensive cuts of meat and overturning gallon jugs of milk onto the floor.
Dire and unsettling, it's ultimately disappointing.
Dark Skies is not only about invading aliens whose psychology is so removed from ours as to make them totally unknowable, it was apparently written by them.
Effectively unsettling, Dark Skies is a science-fiction thriller that plays like an episode of The Twilight Zone crossed with Poltergeist.
Why do aliens unload the pantry and stack items in the form of an abstract art project, or make little boys wet their pants? Who knows, and who cares.
Dark Skies is a drama of the fraught modern world, but Stewart doesn't tie it together. He just throws it all out there in the hope that something will stick.
What it lacks in originality, it almost makes up for with strong performances ...
Not screening movies like Dark Skies for critics is a ploy generally met with disapproval. But that's the wrong way to look at the practice. Maybe studios should be encouraged to go a step further and not screen movies like Dark Skies for anyone at all.
A really dumb movie about aliens among us - but the two kid actors are great!
There's some cool plot points provided by otherwordly expert J.K. Simmons, but they quickly get lost in the shuffle of a boring movie that feels all too familiar.
I can't recommend this to anyone other than hardcore extraterrestrial junkies.
Despite building a tense atmosphere upon a solid premise, Dark Skies is far too unoriginal and vanilla to earn anything more than a casual dismissal.
There's little to fear from this rather tame genre outing.
Dark Skies is sort of supernatural, but it's really more super natural....[it's] about the fragility of family, a muted meditation on how precious it is.
... a bland blend of UFO procedural and the original Amityville Horror ... You can't fault Stewart for attempting a more atmospheric, Ray Bradbury approach to the genre. Too bad he, like Mrs. Barrett, is slamming his head against a sliding door.
Stewart has some lofty ambitions, some of which he almost fulfills.
Blumhouse Productions has codified its horror template to the point that their films are the cinematic equivalent of blues ... you will hear the same 12-bar chord progression, hitting the same beats...
Since all the second-hand ingredients are delivered without much style or flair, the movie makes for a pretty insipid dish.
Dark Skies is a good time but hardcore fans of horror and/or sci-fi are not likely to be satisfied with the half bits the film provides.
DARK SKIES may not be groundbreaking, but there are worse ways to spend a bargain matinee at the movies.
It is by no means a great movie. But it's well made, well acted, and reasonably tense and involving. (Full Content Review for Parents also available)
Those elements are employed with consummate dexterity.
Dark Skies falters when it moves beyond that family unit.
It's at this point that Stewart stops ripping off Close Encounters and sets his sights on that awful Julianne Moore thriller The Forgotten, or maybe Richard Kelly's The Box, and Dark Skies slouches to its utterly undistinguished finale.
Dark Skies is a bore that even the most forgiving genre buffs will find difficult to defend or endure.
It's not that Dark Skies is so awful you need to be warned away from it. It's just that it's so bland you might as well find something better to do.
Really the biggest problem with Dark Skies is that Stewart can never quite decide just what story he is telling or whether to focus on this character or that, instead struggling to string together scares regardless of how they fit together overall.
The movie builds a moderate, if less than monumental, level of spookiness, regardless of your ignorance. It's a workmanlike piece of suspense.
A pretty good buildup to OK payoff without any real surprises en route makes Dark Skies feel just enough above average to make one wish it had one memorable spark of conceptual inspiration up its sleeve.
"Insidious" seemed to me to be trying too hard with its frequent loud noises and sudden appearances, but the hushed quality of "Dark Skies" makes it seem almost like the movie is reluctant to share with us the unsettling things it must share.
Dark Skies has almost nothing to do with dark skies but it is a quietly effective little horror movie, with an exceptional cast and a couple of decent scares.
Any quote that uses the adjective 'terrifying' doesn't belong within a billion light years of a lame-ass flick like Dark Skies.
Likable leads, eerie imagery, and the more creative plot points could be enough to make it a worthy at-home watch, albeit not eradicate the fact that it's still a missed opportunity.
A smart little chiller, one that can be read as a metaphor for the American family in crisis during tough economic times or merely as a tense exploration of things that go bump in the night.
Dark Skies shows us glimpses of the movie it could have been before squandering it all on silly misfires and a lack of overall thrust.
It's a generic repository of everything that's currently en vogue in commercial horror: a PG-13 haunted-house movie with body possession, lots of digital shocks, and some of the surveillance-cam creep of the Paranormal Activity series.
Sci-fi and horror fans know to keep watching the skies - but they won't be missing too much if they decide to skip this.
Cloudy with a Chance of Meathead
You might end up being as surprised as I was by how much there really was to like about Dark Skies once we get past all the melodrama
It doesn't take a conspiracy theorist to detect Dark Skies's thinly veiled conservatism, and it doesn't take an undue alarmist to be disturbed by the implications of this sort of fear-mongering.
[A] generally well orchestrated supernatural mood piece ...
Stewart is too focused on a sequel, instead of nurturing his first baby that needs love and attention.
Mostly ... it all ends up feeling like a lost, minor episode of "The X-Files:" A little scary, a little silly and catnip for those who want to believe.
Dark Skies is an alien-abduction thriller where the biggest acts of appropriation involve the lifting of plots from other - and often better - films.
Writer-director Scott Stewart doesn't want to play his hand too early. By the time the movie is over, it's easy to see why he kept his cards close to his chest. He's not really holding anything.
An intensely evocative, absolutely spine-tingling thriller that paints an empathetic portrait of realistically strained modern-day suburban domesticity before little by little introducing a rasping pall of doom.
Filters the fantastic through the mundane, and finds horror on both sides of the sieve... I could have been more entertained, but I respect it.
Instead of a slow build, Dark Skies is more of a slow leak.
Nicely shot and editing, modestly chilling, but missing the panic and fear real parents would feel for kids in jeopardy.


@highlight

Dark Skies writer director Scott Stewart has a solid cast, an interesting premise, and some admirable ambitions, but he can't figure out what to do with any of them, and the result is a dull, muddled effort that will bore all but the most devoted horror buffs.