While the situations are pretty funny and the actors are committed, they're not ripe with hilarity.
A textbook example of what happens When Improv Falls Flat.
... Confetti comes off more like a reality TV show, in which the participants just don't express their obsessive cluelessness as exquisitely as sharp writers can through trained actors.
Martin Freeman and Jessica Stevenson are unstoppably likeable. Confetti is a genuinely funny movie. Waiting for Guffman fans will love it.
Director Debbie Isitt's improvised mockumentary is reminiscent of Christopher Guest's movies but without the reservoir of comic invention [...] Still, there are nice moments and good performances [...]
Even if it's not quite an affair to remember all year, this BBC Films mockumentary about three wacky weddings is pleasant and enjoyably diverting...
Just when you think you've got Confetti completely pegged, it offers a surprise or two.
About five minutes into the extremely funny Confetti, which is packed with some of Britain's best comic talents, it became clear that those pasty-faced, lager-swilling guys and gals were born with a taking-the-piss gene (urinus abscondus).
Confetti is the latest mockumentary to encounter the problem of reality, or reality TV, being more outrageous than the filmmaker's send-up.
Though it feels like it should be funnier, it is a smiley and amusing affair full of happy endings and goodwill.
Moderately amusing, but rather wan when compared to really inspired mockumentaries.
It's inspired, glorious chaos.
Confetti may be mostly forgettable, but like bubbly at a wedding, the impression it leaves is light and effervescent.
What works for Christopher Guest's dedicated comedy troupe (and it doesn't always work) isn't so easy to imitate, especially with actors lacking in basic improv skills.
There's some genuine heart here, particularly in Sam and Matt's subplot.
A few laughs are right on target; others go over or under it; and most are fairly predictable.
A deliciously mean and fluffy little mockumentary.
Featuring actors largely unknown here, it's filled with positive energy and wit and, eventually, warmth.
It is ultimately involving as a portrait of couples bound by the vulnerabilities that brought them together in the first place.
The characters are stereotypes and the action is mostly sitcom-ish, and the film seems to invite an audience to laugh at the characters rather than with them.
As is typical of many weddings, the planning drags, and so does the movie.
With barely a laugh to be found, Confetti takes the 'mock' right out of the mockumentary.
A British import that proves how dangerous improvisation can be when not handled with proper care.
Cute and exasperating and, in the end, not nearly lunatic enough; it's a Christopher Guest movie without the fangs.
The final ceremonies are also winning, the Naturist Wedding in particular so surprisingly moving and emotional I actually had to dip into my purse for some Kleenex.
Remember the "Stonehenge" joke in This Is Spinal Tap? Imagine that joke, or something similar, stretched all the way out to the edges of a 100-minute movie, so thin that it's transparent.
I'm sure there are reality show creators who are kicking themselves for not thinking of this idea first.
'Confetti' does not come remotely close to its predecessors in terms of clever satire or witty dialogue.
A more assured hand could have made it better.
Overall, Confetti is agreeable and appropriately daft, though occasionally tepid and contrived.
The humor is sweet-spirited, the dialogue (all improvised by the cast) is acerbic and witty, the celebration of unbridled tackiness is often hilarious.
Confetti fires off the occasional good line, but it mostly just beats its jokes to within an inch of their very short lives.
The climactic scenes possess an irresistible charm, as each wedding turns out to be just perfect.
It gradually becomes clear that Confetti is funny because it views its flawed, crazy characters with real affection.
...doesn't have a whole lot to offer in terms of laughs or even character development...
There's an affectionate tone to Confetti that makes it a serviceable time-waster.
The savvy British actors sweating for our amusement in Debbie Isitt's comedy, a fairly funny mockumentary-style lark about a magazine-sponsored wedding competition, fare better than their self-generated material.
Confetti has an innate sweetness -- especially when it comes to Archibald and Gregory, the most endearing of all the twosomes.
[Confetti] has a few great lines and a knack for sweeping you off your feet with surprisingly intimate romantic moments.
The TV-flat production makes it easier to laugh at the obvious jokes, while the cast's spot-on timing makes the subtler humor shine even brighter.
A three-ring circus of throttled emotion.
Confetti imparts one very important lesson: The Christopher Guest-style comedy of improvised mockumentary is not a genre to be entered into lightly.
This uproarious film put my friend Donna and I in such a jovial mood that afterwards, we ran over to Tiffany's in Beverly Hills.
This is something to see if you're actually betrothed or have just come back from a honeymoon.
Low-key, clever and sometimes surprisingly sharp.
Weak-tea...with tepid gags, lazy plotting, and scenarios that are mostly too unpleasant to be funny.
The problem with this pretend documentary about engaged couples competing for most over-the-top nuptials is that it comes perilously close to what's on reality TV.
Films, like weddings, need a certain amount of organization and a great deal of teamwork. This one seems like a dozen solo projects.
A strained, ultra-predictable and headache-inducing mockumentary.
Like the average best-man toast, Debbie Isitt's amiable mockumentary has many funny moments, a few touching ones and some that fall just slightly flat.
Confetti aims to please, and it's successful, but mostly in a far less uproarious ways than it was obviously intending.
Comic timing, themes of tolerance and commitment and the marriage of farce and empathy lift the film above the mockumentary pack.
Improvisation is an art, and the actors here handle it well, which is impressive enough. But the movie presents few flashes of brilliance or memorable belly laughs.
The movie manages to slag off beautifully on the honchos of reality television without patronizing either the form or the fame-and-fortune-hungry multitudes who queue up for their 15 minutes.
This verite-style confection wears away at your resistance by way of an enthusiastic, ad-libbing cast of United Kingdom cutups.
Anyone who has cringed while watching the home movies of newlyweds bumbling through their own corny, personalized nuptials will appreciate the comic potential of the British mock documentary Confetti.
Overall it's simply good fun, kind and caring at heart even when relationships get nasty as tension mounts.
This is what happens when there is literally no script,everthing improvised.
Must viewing for the Bridezillas set, this winning pageant of gaudy bad taste is the work of some of the U.K.'s most popular comedy performers.
Confetti is an excellent study of what happens when someone botches Christopher Guest's mockumentary format.
No amount of zany improvisation can save a mockumentary with an inherently unfunny premise.
The search for the most original wedding of the year results in Confetti, a lively mockumentary-style comedy that is as funny as it is spontaneous.
The wackiness of this fake doc is often pretty strained, proving that while doing a wedding is hard, successfully emulating a Christopher Guest–style comedy is way harder.
Worth a one-night stand, but certainly not a trip down the aisle.
... feels like a television idea that hasn't really got the muscle to pull it on to the big screen.
Confetti is both a curse and a blessing to those looking to Britain for comedy film; get on board with it and you'll have a riot but fail to pick up on the experimental nature of its humour and you'll likely be lost.
There's a scattering of funny moments in Confetti, but they're dispersed over a wide area where not much really happens.
The premise may look like Four Weddings and Love Actually, but this film is really a Christopher Guest-style improvised mock-doc.
An agreeable Britcom about three couples competing in a magazine-sponsored contest for the Most Original Wedding of the Year.
Not many guffaws, but a lot of chuckles.
...Offers plenty of sharp-eyed character humour and, crucially, develops each of its couples as credible relationships.
It's cheerfully daft enough to be good fun, and even if you won't be quoting it the next day, it'll keep you laughing from start to finish.
The characters are well-drawn and superbly acted by the ensemble cast - Webb and Coleman prove particularly good sports by spending almost the entire film naked (and not in a good way)
Gloss and stupid, the film was made without a script, which is a good idea almost never.




@highlight

This improvised mockumentary has its funny and even sweet moments, but it's not as witty or sharp as Christopher Guest's offerings.