The New York of that era leaves its mark on the screen. There is a lot to learn from the ruins. [Full review in Spanish]
A Most Violent Year avoids the biggest pitfall in its path: it does not try to offer us the story of a capitalist with integrity.
Oscar Isaac cements his growing reputation as a major actor with a mesmerising lead performance.
I may be wrong, but my feeling is that I won't be able to say I have properly seen this film until I can see it on the big screen.
A Most Violent Year is uneven in pace and tone, as events threaten to erupt and then simmer down again, but despite its flaws, it lingers in the mind.
A Most Violent Year might disappoint some viewers by stoking unfair expectations.
Casting Isaac... is Chandor's masterstroke. This is a star-making performance: self-assured and light on its feet. In a fairer world, Abel Morales would be sharing espresso and a cannolli with Michael Corleone.
An anti-gangster flick set in 1981, one of the most crime-ridden years on record in New York.
A Most Violent Year is a fascinating, intense, character-driven drama, which not only transports you to the state of mind of NYC in the 1980's, but will also show you just how entertaining simplicity can be.
J.C. Chandor is becoming American cinema's foremost chronicler of men in crisis.
It's a taut little thriller about honour and respect, with not that much violence, actually, set in an unrecognizable New York.
Instead of directing a movie that screams "HEY, IT'S THE '80S," he made one that looks, sounds, and feels like a refugee from that era, and lets the audience do the rest.
Though possibly lacking a little bang bang for your buck, A Most Violent Year represents an absorbing, thoughtful and successful attempt to subvert the usual grisly gangster-chic stereotypes.
The piece works best as an audio-video experience, uniquely tying together its period piece trappings with a wonderful soundtrack.
While the title may suggest violence and mayhem, this film is actually a character drama and a stylish one at that. It is a restrained story that meticulously unpacks its characters and shows rather than tells.
While it may not fully reach the heights of its potential, A Most Violent Year is still quite entertaining, and due to the level of artistic craft on display, it's always a pleasure to watch.
This is the type of film that uses atmosphere and settings as easily as actors and actresses.
A Most Violent Year's final scenes are its worst: they reveal that the plot's sure-footed plodding hasn't led anywhere unexpected, narratively or thematically.
The final-reel development, for instance, relies on a coincidence so monstrous I'm surprised it survived the script's second draft (if there was one).
A Most Violent Year moves so sluggishly that it allows a great deal of time to notice many distracting elements.
Chandor is paying respect to a serious American moviemaking style employed 40 years ago by directors like Sidney Lumet and Francis Ford Coppola, in which a system's structure is brought into the cold, hard light.
This is serious filmmaking for people who want to think about what they have seen long after they leave the theater.
The film bears comparison to Lumet's Dog Day Afternoon and Prince Of The City for its sense of place and time, and to Coppola's first Godfather for its depiction of a man who places himself at a moral crossroads in defence of his family.
A Most Violent Year resonates as the rare film to not simply take its superficial cues from The Godfather, but to truly understand its underlying ideas -- and, more impressive still, to re-work them into something thrillingly unique.
It marks a tour-de-force acting performance from man-of-the-moment Oscar Isaac and another mightily impressive screenwriting and directing credit from JC Chandor.
With all this technical skill comes Chandor's customary attention to character and flair for directing actors, making this movie feel like the crime thrillers by the late Sidney Lumet.
An authentic and great drama, with a profound screenplay and an excellent cast. [full review in Spanish]
Goodfellas is about a man who "always wanted to be a gangster," while the mostly righteous A Most Violent Year is about a man who wants to walk, talk and dress like a gangster, without actually being a gangster.
A Most Violent Year is very good, but it could have been devastating.
There's less violence than you would expect, given the film's title, but the scenes of moral suspense prove just as breathtaking as the episodes of physical jeopardy.
It's a little slow in places but the performances more than compensate.
Moody, engrossing, exquisitely directed period film...Clearly influenced by old-school directors such as Sidney Lumet and Norman Jewison, JC Chandor proves a master at building a tense, slow-burn atmosphere in a frost-bitten Big Apple.
Exquisitely acted, scripted and shot, it's a major work for discerning adults. I loved it, and J.C. Chandor is now firmly in my list of directors whose work I will always see.
Though Abel remains a fish-out-of-water throughout,[Oscar] Isaac plays him with a fascinating assurance that never gives the slightest hint of a gasp for air.
Quite frankly, the story was trying my patience for a while.
J.C. Chandor's disappointing followup to All is Lost...
In the end, a little too much rides on what we make of this couple and their partnership, and the movie, well-conceived as it is, has drawn its boundaries a little too tightly.
Don't imagine a conventional crime melodrama. Its pleasures I found to be cerebral rather than kinetic and visceral.
If you go expecting the usual gangster flick violence, you might come out feeling short-changed but, if you let the film get to you, this is an absorbing contribution to a central American obsession.
I don't know if it's the best film of the year but it's certainly one of them.
Gritty, gripping, and undersung.
It is a crime thriller, but rises above its genre; it is a character study but it creates a mythic persona; and it is a morality tale but it presents as an analysis of human nature's self contradictory impulses
The juxtaposition of disparate moral codes generates the spice in this smouldering crime thriller in which Oscar Isaac's honourable businessman Abel Morales is intent on choosing 'the path most right' within a world of gangsters
Though the movie's chases are top-rate, there's even greater heat from the push-pull energy Abel generates when deciding whether to dip ethically or stand firm.
Good performances and convincing setting; but could have used a spark to light things up
Well acted and smart, Chandor's latest tackles tough moral issues
An unsettling examination of moral drift, over a year in the life of a man and a generation in the life of a country.
Chandor charts the moral decline accompanying financial gain with weary-eyed aplomb.
The film's best moments center on those in which Isaac and Chastain argue the merits of the course their future should take.
In case you hadn't noticed yet, Oscar Isaac is the real deal.
A crime story, a character study, and a really kick-ass pressure cooker.
'A Most Violent Year' is consistent with Chandor's previous films, the financial-crisis drama 'Margin Call' and the Robert Redford survivalist saga 'All Is Lost.' These all are portraits of men in crisis, threatened by disasters with a deadline.
Eventually, Anna goes so Mob Wives on Abel that the very concept of their relationship (and with it, of the film) loses credibility. These two never would've hooked up in a million most violent years.
Chandor conceives of a devilishly indeterminate tale that in one way goes to affirm that stereotype while challenging the audience with the inherent greed that invariably rears its head as you peel away the layers.
A Most Violent Year proves surprisingly compelling, and it wastes little time living up to its name.
The underside of the American Dream is on display in A Most Violent Year, a drama about an immigrant trying to make his way to the top.
A Most Violent Year never feels rushed. Chandor sets a tempo that allows Isaac to play his character with control while giving Chastain the time she needs to manipulate behind the throne.
One of the best films of 2014 -- and, it should be noted, THE best film of 2014 not to receive a single Oscar nomination.
You've seen this New York crime story, but you've rarely seen it as expertly controlled, tightly coiled and perfectly constructed. A thoroughly engrossing, endlessly suitable heir to Sidney Lumet's throne, with meat on its bones and ice in its veins.
So well made and focused as an endurance test that our eyes refuse to turn away from the events, even as the movie drifts breezily through the material.
A Most Violent Year is not the next great mob movie it's been advertised as; it's a thoughtful character drama with a solid cast - no more, no less.
Chandor follows the psychologically penetrating tradition of Sidney Lumet, Alan Pakula and Francis Ford Coppola, observing crime as a microcosm of society.
Stubbornly understated.
Another fine drama from writer-director J.C. Chandor, it is a smart, small-scale film but one with deceivingly big stakes.
Multilayered and morally nuanced ... a crime drama about the sort of character who is a peripheral figure in most crime dramas. Abel is neither cop nor crook; he's just a compromised man with problems to solve.
There are certainly good things to be found within it, but when you're left asking yourself "is that it?" at the end, you can't help but feel a little let down to discover that there wasn't more to it.
If this is the weakest of Chandor's three films, it's only because he made such a mark with the first two.
Like that camel-hair coat Abel wears, A Most Violent Year is classy and commands respect, but a stronger pulse under the lapels would make us care much more.
Playing partners in business and life, Oscar Isaac and Jessica Chastain radiate genuine heat.
[A] tight anti-thriller, one where the violence of the title is more implied than seen.
Chandor merely seems to be making points about corruption, not making people come to life.
The film has a very arresting style; Chandor has nailed a classy look for New York in 1981 whilst avoiding major landmarks and clichés, mostly staying to truck yards, offices back alleys and family homes.
A Most Violent Year, filmed in drab, camel-coloured tans and browns as though made on location in 1981, isn't a flashy film; just a very, very good one.
"A Most Violent Year" is a far more interesting film than its title implies. And a film you've never seen before.
Abel is a man with ideals in a world that has no use for them: If he's going to succeed, he's going to have to use his wits instead of bullets.
An exacting thriller with a rich sense of time and place, made by a filmmaker at the top of his game.
Given the expectations of the director and the stellar cast collated, an unwelcome sense of dissatisfaction is the final, longest-lasting sentiment.
Not as violent as the title would imply, this is a sterling essay in inner strength.
This isn't a revolutionary or thematically rich motion picture, but it's a well-told story featuring solid performances and a nice sense of atmosphere.
A far more timely and provocative film than its period setting suggests.
A Most Violent Year keeps its action tinder largely dry, the fireworks generated instead by tense conversations between husbands and wives, lawyers and district attorneys, police and putative thieves.
Isaac and Chastain are dynamite together, and Chandor's faultless handle on the ethical and personal stakes of his story make the viewing experience consistently compelling if not ultimately memorable.
These characters coolly roam through every precise, purposeful scene like the metaphors they are, seemingly motivated by artistic intent as opposed to baser human desires. Even Michael Corleone had a temper; a libido; a pulse.
A Most Violent Year is equivalent to drawing a gun on an unsuspecting victim and pointing it at them for over two hours before lowering the gun and eating a box of stale saltine crackers instead.
We know the stakes, and thanks to the Godfather movies, we have a feel for the seedy urban landscape, but what makes A Most Violent Year feel slightly different is the minimal approach.
Has the unmistakable flavor of New York's bad old days.
Bradford Young's cinematography is awesome, transforming bleak wastelands and mansions into visions of light. It's as if we're seeing everything through the eyes of Morales, to whom America is beauty incarnate.
What makes the movie interesting is its hard-boiled (and, one suspects, realistic) look at the realities of making a profit in a rough-and-tumble business.
Gritty, suspenseful and almost poetic in its depiction of an unforgiving town, A Most Violent Year is just shy of being great.
It's very much a mood piece, body-swerving genre clichés, beautiful to look at and dripping menace via Bradford Young's sepia-tinged cinematography under Chandor's expert direction.
Chandor's golden touch with his actors is boosted by his talents as a screenwriter, creating scenarios and dialogue that pop with both intelligent and emotional complexity, especially in his threading of heavy moral questions.
It's a tense, subtly evocative Big Apple tale that could crown Chandor as a worthy successor to quintessential New York director Sidney Lumet.
Capturing the jaundiced look of the Scorsese-Coppola crime era, it oozes class and atmosphere.
A 1980s New York organised crime thriller that confounds the mobster mould.
A lot of movies spin their wheels fast and create the illusion that important things are happening. A Most Violent Year, one of the best movies of 2014, does the opposite.
"A Most Violent Year" marks Chandor's third film in just four years, and it's another big step forward for him.
This tale of crime, corruption and soft furnishings resembles a Sunday-supplement Scorsese.
A Most Violent Year is a riveting drama even though I can't tell you what it's about, or even what it actually is.
Chandor, who previously wrote and directed "Margin Call" and "All Is Lost," is already a master storyteller, and "A Most Violent Year" unfolds with beautifully controlled tension.
It's kind of a thriller, but any genre expectations will be thwarted by writer/director J.C. Chandor's almost-perverse pleasure in stopping shy of the boiling point. A Most Violent Year is all about the simmer.
An Exhilarating, Fresh Take On Gangster Movies Emerges In J.C. Chandor's A Most Violent Year.
Chandor deliberately keeps things on simmer for much of the runtime: the point here is to avoid the violence that bends the time out of joint.
Like the films made by Sidney Lumet in the same gritty urban locale, it quickly heats up to a simmer and generates considerable tension in exploring the darker byways of the drive for success in America.
"A Most Violent Year" is a special film, buoyed mostly by a pair of standout lead performances, both strongly against type.
A smartly scarifying drama-thriller whose characters are bled of their self-assurance, drop by drop, and so, in a voyeuristic way, are we.
With this confident drama, J.C. Chandor (Margin Call, All Is Lost) continues to evolve as a filmmaker, giving the mob movie a remarkably thoughtful twist with vivid characters and situations.
Stylish, sophisticated, simmering crime and character drama with Shakespearean dimension and bravura performances. Who knew heating oil could be a sexy subject?
JC Chandor is fast becoming one of America's most intriguing and unpredictable filmmakers.
Chandor's movie has one foot in the genre of organised crime and another in the city drama of family loyalty and political grime: the tough film-making of James Gray and Sidney Lumet (and before them, Elia Kazan).
Here is a rare film that is remarkable for what it is not.
Chandor's moody, muscular film finds 'the most right path' to the fewest clichés.
Good thing Giuliani eventually cleaned everything up by Disneyfying Time Square and putting the homeless in camps.
Chandor scores a CV hat-trick with another expertly controlled drama.
A Most Violent Year may lack originality but there are fine performances throughout, especially from Isaac.
An elegantly presented story of a seemingly honourable businessman beset on all sides by corruption and criminality.
A Most Violent Year is something of a cross between The Godfather and Macbeth; it's about power, the corrupting influence of it and the constant need to attain more of it.
I did feel slightly short-changed by the level of violence. But Chandor seems interested in lower octane thrills. At its core, this atmospheric film is a study of two steely characters who are trying to keep their hands clean in a very dirty business.
It's a shame such fine performances are wasted on a movie, and a director, more intent on moralizing about life's unfairness than taking chances.
[Isaac's] coiled, charismatic performance strongly evokes Al Pacino as the young Michael Corleone, and Chandor's intelligent screenplay turns on a similar dilemma of how to maintain one's personal ethics in a cutthroat environment.
This is not a story that panders to our desires for easy answers and quick, cathartic solutions. Chandor's drama inspires us to rise above those around us, to become the best versions of ourselves during the worst of circumstances.
Isaac and Chastain have a fearlessness with each other that requires complete trust as actors. Every scene they are in together crackles.
Three days of snowballing misfortune in J. C. Chandor's agreeably hellish, pleasingly pulpy, often-beautiful third feature.
Chastain's Armani-clad mafia princess is this film's Reagan-era Lady Macbeth.
"A Most Violent Year" sets the stage for a showdown between principles and base instincts that never satisfyingly arrives.
The feeling that violence could erupt at any moment is real ... and it lends an air of menace to the most mundane of discussions...
"Year" is a fascinating movie but, despite its title, it's fairly flat - the pace rarely modulates. A work to admire, sometimes very much, but not an easy one to love.
"A Most Violent Year" is an engrossing, often beautiful film, and a breakout opportunity for Isaac, whose similarly self-contained performance as a sadly self-aware folk singer in "Inside Llewyn Davis" was unfortunately overlooked last year.
Chandor is proving himself to be, if anything, a magnificent cinematic chameleon
Chandor has yet to learn the fine points of screw-turning when a story's momentum calls for it. But he knows a great deal about writing effective, striving, eagle-eyed characters caught in tricky situations.
"A Most Violent Year," for all its other virtues, is a wise movie about leadership.
Year remains intimate, detailing psychological unraveling and encroaching paranoia, keeping in step with Chandor's developing filmmaking interests.
Just plain fantastic.
Recognize J.C. Chandor as one of the most exciting writers and directors working today - after all of three films.
A Most Violent Year is a morality tale, told with grace and insight. Everything about this picture fires on all cylinders. I was thoroughly absorbed from start to finish.
The performances are memorable. Isaac uses understatement with the appropriate emotional outburst and Chastain is the film's firecracker.
A foray into the heating oil business in New York circa 1981 that drowns in drabness under a low winter sun.
Isaac is great as a decent man trying to hold his ground on quicksand, but Chastain's absolutely fierce.
Oscar Isaac has been extremely good in previous roles, but he is an utter revelation as Abel, the quiet power of his performance recalling early Pacino.
... an exceptionally performed but rote drama about family and ethnic loyalties pushed to the breaking point.
The movie runs just over two hours, and Chandor keeps the movie almost antiseptically tight. He's proving to be a smart director whose skill is growing astronomically in three movies.
The performance by Isaac is commanding. His restrained businessman and aspiring immigrant clearly evokes Pacino's Michael Corleone, and it's a testament to Isaac that he can get even within a mile of that comparison.
J.C. Chandor's strongest meditation to date, a slice of American cinema that's as rare as it is beautiful.
Some of the menacing atmosphere, and even a few scenes, descend from the first two "Godfather" movies. But, in fact, Chandor has done something startling: he has made an anti-"Godfather."
Moody, violent thriller doesn't quite sustain its promise.
It's a film of small gestures, stately pacing, and forbidding snowscapes that give way to darkness-drenched interiors that occasionally erupt into memorable setpieces.
All this is rendered ... in memorable and exemplary fashion. And it's all just a little more boring than it ought to be.
"A Most Violent Year" crackles with good acting, but fizzles from its slow pacing.
It's a pleasure to watch adult filmmaking like this.
[Chandor's] storytelling feels muted, presenting characters that are shockingly dull and didactic.
Chandor establishes himself as a versatile filmmaker consistently exploring the central scenario of a situation spiraling out of control.
A Most Violent Year is Chandor's take on The Godfather or Scarface, though it's not quite as thrilling or memorable as those classics.
A refreshing blast of, well, rationality in the context of a New York crime thriller.
It's a gangster movie that tries to be more than that, not always successfully.
We're watching a career in progress here, the missteps of a very talented director who's trying to make a true mark on American filmmaking. J.C. Chandor's attempt is admirable, even as he remains at the brink of cinematic mastery.
For me A Most Violent Year remained an abstract idea of a great period crime drama, rather than a fleshly incarnation of one.
So strongly recalls The Godfather that you wonder as you're watching how the director will manage to fashion the movie into something entirely his own. But he does.
A tremendously powerful performance at its center from an incredibly talented actor truly brings A Most Violent Year alive, and makes it a film to remember.
Mr. Chandor gives Mr. Isaac everything he needs for a tour de force performance, and the actor makes the most of what he gets.
... a gritty and suspenseful exploration of violence that's more about corporate conflict than brute force.
A pretty terrific piece of the filmmaking for intelligent adults that supposedly can't get produced anymore.
One of the best films of the year.
Turning to a treacherous era in New York, filmmaker J.C. Chandor has structured a most compelling story without displaying every detail for easy access and understanding.
It bears all the hallmarks of depth except for actual wisdom.
The beats of the movie, not to mention the winking title and the time period, make A Most Violent Year feel like it should be another bloody tale about the dark side of American greed. But Chandor is too smart to go down that path.
It's quite good, for what it is. But it's that "for what it is" part that proves slightly exasperating.
It holds you with its gravity and forces your respect. It's also talky, repetitive, thesis-driven, and often strangled by its own solemnity.
Gritty and savvy, it's impeccably crafted, evoking a turbulent time.
It's able to build upon a well-trod-upon foundation to become its own perverse thing.
It's the kind of uncompromising movie we don't see much of anymore. And it makes you nostalgic for a time when the world was worse and the movies were better.
A revelation: meticulously constructed, brilliantly acted, suspenseful and sharply written.
It's well-acted, nicely crafted and imaginatively envisioned; it shows yet another side to an interesting and rapidly developing filmmaker.
A truly original contributions to American crime fiction.
Oscar Isaac does terrifically layered and involving work as Abel's armor of seemingly unflappable confidence is consistently, increasingly under attack.
With this gritty, savvy and finely wrought drama, J.C. Chandor establishes himself as one of the most exciting directors of his generation.
Chastain is killer good, and Isaac is an implosive powerhouse in a film that reflects a world where nothing is held sacred. You watch with nerves clenched, holding on tight.
It brings to mind the fierce New York-based productions of Sidney Lumet in particular but also the whole notion of character-driven, the-clock-is-ticking melodramas in general.
Can Chandor make a first-rate film that isn't a testosterone fest? That's the next challenge-one that he shares with the industry as a whole.
It's really just sort of...dumb.
Subtle..."The Godfather" with less action
"A Most Violent Year" presents an honorable man struggling to stay true to his values in the face of temptation. It is also the portrait of a brilliant hustler working a very long con. It's a terrific movie either way.
A smartly directed character study of a man fighting to uphold the antiquated ideals of the American Dream.
In the marvelous, immersive A Most Violent Year, [J.C.] Chandor broadens his canvas, proving himself a major filmmaking talent.
"A Most Violent Year" is a small picture, but each brushstroke is laden with detail and craftsmanship.
The compelling moral dimension is matched in a couple of places by fairly riveting action, but the film lacks any commanding narrative insight into its milieu.
Its many thrills are punctuated by a great score and two terrific performances.
A Most Violent Year is a compelling exercise in minimalist intensity, drawing power from characterization and well-paced plotting.
A movie that quietly but ferociously immerses us in a time and place, with atmosphere done in minimal yet evocative strokes.
J.C. Chandor's latest period piece strays favorably from the path of typical gangster films, giving both Oscar Isaac and Jessica Chastain ample room to flex their professional dominance.
Chandor continuously raises the stakes on defying the violent, capturing our sympathies and commanding our engagement. That comes with the enjoyment of penetrating character insight and expression without compromise or exaggeration.
Smartly crafted and wonderfully executed, A MOST VIOLENT YEAR creeps up slowly and progresses to an intensely potent conclusion.
It's an obvious movie, but it's streamlined and clean, the movie ticks and whirs with precision.
In its sober assessment of entrepreneurial drive, the movie's underlying critique is timeless.
J.C. Chandor's fondness for situational irony is empowered by spartan efficiency of his method, and that of most of his performers.
[VIDEO ESSAY] Writer-director JC Chandor's first three films ("Margin Call," "All is Lost," and "A Most Violent Year") combine to reveal a masterful auteur staking out a singular filmmaking career that overshadows Hollywood's constant barrage of garbage
It's an impressive, substantial piece of work, and a proper old-fashioned nail-biter too.
An immersive drama about a businessman who stays calm in the midst of a dreadful series of setbacks.
A Most Violent Year is original and thought-provoking. You have to think. Whoa, is that marketable?
"A Most Violent Year" is one of the great modern crime thrillers, ultimately showing itself as one of the most enthralling experiences of the year.
There's not much blood in the veins of A Most Violent Year - and even less on screen. This is one deeply mistitled movie.
Chandor leaves out many details and explanations for his characters' behavior; the movie raises more questions than it answers, including why the filmmaker was driven to make it.
I think this is a pretty major piece of adult emotional entertainment, something special, and I hope we get a lot more like it from him.
This is an intelligent and probing drama but one that lacks the oomph factor you might expect in a real Oscar contender.
A Most Violent Year proves Chandor is the real deal.
"A Most Violent Year" is a slow-burn drama about what kinds of compromises you'll make in order to tell yourself you haven't compromised.
Further clarifies what might be the most promising career in American movies: an urban-headed filmmaker attuned to economies of place and time, with an eye on the vacant throne of Sidney Lumet.
JC Chandor's period crime drama is rigorous, resourceful and as smart as a whip.
[Chandor] peels back the layers of his story and characters with the skill of an expert dramatist.
A tough, gritty, richly atmospheric thriller ...
Here, success is even scarier than failure: it's a nocturnal fantasy, seductive and ablaze with threat.
With his third feature, writer-director J.C. Chandor continues to cement a reputation for making distinctive, intelligent films of which no two are alike.
Just when we're settling into the film being a Lumet-ian character-driven drama, Chandor will, on more than one occasion, organically segue to an adrenaline-packed truck chase that's as exciting as any big action-movie moment of recent memory.

@highlight

Gritty, gripping, and weighted with thought-provoking heft, A Most Violent Year represents another strong entry in writer-director J.C. Chandor's impressive filmography.