Miley might not become another Britney, if she keeps away from those way-cute Jonas boys. They look like trouble. I think they've actually experienced hormones.
...possesses few elements designed to appeal to viewers over a certain age...
For the teenage girl target market, there is no question the film delivers as it alternates between onstage performances and backstage insights
I found myself imagining boardrooms full of people going over market research about exactly which lime-green sneaker/jean jacket combo will get the maximum pop-lust response from the fans and create the biggest marketing opportunity.
Her great time is your great time -- if you're into it.
I can't think of a better recommendation for the DVD... than the fact that my two sons wanted to watch it.
A film that opens with celebuspawn Cyrus practising scales and ends with me wrapping my lips around the barrel of a twelve-gauge
I can't help admiring the enthusiasm and musicality Miley Cyrus brings to her routines -- both as Hannah Montana and herself.
"Cyrus is that pageant child often drawn in to the background whenever her dad Billy Ray is on set, and he even manages to attach himself in to her act..."
Parents of younger fans will be pleased to note that although there's lots of jumping about and running around plus enough lipgloss to paint the Forth Bridge, there is not so much as a hint of raunch.
Just weeks after U2's 3D concert movie comes another shameless cash-in.
This movie either marks the end of civilization or it's just jolly good fun.
Little more than a Disney cash-cow entirely wasted on anyone old enough to smoke, drink or vote.
A proper little trouper with enough charisma to render the 3D visuals redundant.
The only highpoint in what amounts to little more than a cynical marketing ploy was that she didn't do a cover of her dad's Achy Breaky Heart.
Anyone under theage of ten won't have a clue what's going on, but it's perfect fodder for its target audience.
Entertaining, thanks entirely to the charms of its 15-year-old star.
There's something adorable about this whole Miley Cyrus phenomenon that appeals to, well, the girl in me.
...not a great concert, but a pretty good one, and great seats.
Not a prime example of the musical documentary genre.
The movie spectacular to fulfill your little girls' wildest dreams, and at a considerably lower rate than the live concert.
With the disinterest of one not being badgered into coughing up $18 a ticket, what I saw felt a lot like the Barbie's Playhouse version of Madonna's Truth or Dare.
Young fans will love sugary sweet concert film.
For this crowd, Best of Both Worlds is a concert film on the level of Stop Making Sense and The Last Waltz.
For parents who were unable to secure tickets for the young fans in their households, it's nothing short of a godsend.
$15 is a bargain compared to what scalpers were asking us to fork over so our little darlings could see their teen idol.
Cyrus' fans will receive this material as Moses received those tablets from Mount Sinai.
One's opinion of it may depend more on age and parental status than exposure to other rock-concert films. But there's no denying the film delivers on its promise.
It's great for kids to see that Miley doesn't just wake up polished. She makes mistakes, she practices - there's a learning curve and work involved. Fans are sure to enjoy.
Whether you like the music or not, you can't fault Miley -- this young lady works her petite fanny off performing for her fans, and she seems to be having a great time doing it ...
An infectious, high-energy performance picture that overcomes its rather unsavory purpose by barreling forward with a nuclear bomb of tween enthusiasm and vivid displays of over-choreographed celebration.
Hannah Montana & Miley Cyrus is Bubble Yum for the eyes and ears. But given the demographic, that works.
What this concert film and documentary makes clear is that the real Miley is not just like her predominantly pre-adolescent, female fans.
Hannah Montana and Miley Cyrus: Best of Both Worlds Concert is a diverting 3-D artifact of Ms. Cyrus's just concluded tour.
Obviously, there's no replicating the real thing. But it's as close as you'll come to achieving the best of both worlds.
Miley Cyrus is not U2.
For the parents at least, this filmed concert is probably better than actually being there.
Some movies are critic-proof -- some for the wrong reasons, some for the right ones. This one falls into the latter camp.
Seems Disney has discovered yet another way to print money.
Once the movie (and the ringing in your ears) stop, though, it's obvious why Cyrus has become such a phenomenon. She's pretty and stylish but never a mean girl, energetic and popular but not conceited.
Sitting through this strenuously bland floor show, I amused myself imagining all the flannel-shirted Juno misfits watching this dreary stuff aghast.
Totally slick and vanilla, but you have to like a kid who works this hard.
Rock & roll may never die, but you know it's been eaten by the consumer culture when you see Hannah Montana & Miley Cyrus: Best of Both Worlds Concert.

@highlight

This high-energy concert film should please Cyrus' rabid pre-teen fan base -- and may come as a pleasant surprise for parents.