Director Peter Yates' backdrops of the working-class outskirts of Boston during the shabbiest part of the 1970s are unparalleled.
A bit gruesome, but potent viewing nonetheless.
Chilling gangster melodrama.
In a quality cast, Peter Boyle stands out as the hitman and so-called "friend" who's given the job of eliminating Mitchum.
The best Boston movie evah.
Robert Mitchum brings late-career gravitas to this brilliant Boston-set crime thriller.
[An] un-romanticized portrayal of organized crime ... In Coyle, the heists don't go according to plan, the gun dealers are teenagers or junkies, and mob hits are messy affairs.
Deep weariness and disappointment hover in every gesture and line reading, especially when [Robert Mitchum] manages to get off a funny remark
Peter Yates' crime drama is chock-full of wonderful moments, creative framing (especially an intrusion in a bank teller's home early on in the proceedings), and emotional punch.
Laced with a fatalism as romantic as its Beantown milieu is damp and grungy.
Great icon-smashing and icon-making all in one.
Mitchums low-key performance as a total schlemiel is one of his finest.
a slow burn crime thriller that may lack flash, but is heavy with presence
Though the picture doesn't really establish itself as any kind of masterpiece, it's a very, very good example of gritty 1970s Hollywood filmmaking.
... [Robert] Mitchum is at his best as a tired professional still hustling because it's all he knows.
It's a slug's-eye view of autumnal Greater Boston, remote when not sleazy; even when Mitchum and Boyle attend a Bruins hockey game, it's in the nosebleed seats.
A very fine film about real people on the fringes of both crime and law enforcement.
Mitchum's true swan song
The cast lend the film an authority that Yates' curiously pedestrian approach fails to provide.
A good, tough, unsentimental movie about the last days of a small-time Boston hood.
A daft and insightful look at the gray world between criminal and straight.
A bleak look at how the Boston underworld operates.



@highlight

The Friends of Eddie Coyle sees Robert Mitchum in transformative late-career mode in a gritty and credible character study.