Brian wants to meet Drew. By the end of his movie, we want to meet him.
It's as phony, stupid, lame, and pathetic as any reality show on television.
A reality movie which turns entirely on the likeability of a nerd in heat.
Definitely one of those "stand up and cheer for the little guy" type of films, which probably has old Frank Capra grinning wherever the hell he is.
essentially a well-assembled home movie
Any film that can make you cringe at its honesty, laugh at its insanity and yet follow along hook line and sinker is something special.
...inspiring and uplifting.
Although charming at times, My Date With Drew comes across as more than a little bit creepy given the present context of celebrity stalkers - not to mention the sight of a middle-aged man fawning over the portrait of a young child.
The film's apparent naïve charm started working on me until I was hooked by its schleppy hero-filmmaker and its screwy -- borderline stalker -- premise.
Herzlinger comes across as kind of a nebbishy Everyman, except funnier, luckier, and in possession of the most tolerant, supportive friends on the planet.
The result is amusing, although it offers little insight into concepts of fame or fandom.
In equal measures joyous, bumbling and insecure, Herzlinger deftly captures the man-on-the-street appea.
I am getting sooooo tired of bad home movies getting theatrical releases.
This film, like the actress who inspired it, has an appealing sweetness that sneaks up on its viewer.
It's like reality TV, only twice as irritating.
In this TV reality show masquerading as a movie documentary, Brian Herzlinger is a creepy voyeur, a run-of-the-mill loser who obsesses about living the celebrity high life but lacks the talent to pull it off.
Herzlinger forges through Hollywood's network of hangers-on and D-list celebrities, merry in his existence as a worthless twit.
In My Date With Drew, the 'Drew' part is a lot more interesting than the 'My' part.
If this unemployed gofer can land a date with a superstar, maybe there's hope for all of us.
[Barrymore's] radiant, sexy 'n' sweet manner provides a happy heart for this silly little love song of a movie.
At one point ... someone actually says of the whole undertaking, 'The dumbing-down of America is complete.' ... Let's at least hope it doesn't get too much dumber than this.
This DIY video production is well paced and sharply edited, and although Brian himself has a tendency to become grating, he is ultimately redeemed by his own subject.
Herzlinger has the charm and chutzpah to keep an audience watching.
If you're weirdly disinterested in the promotion of Herzlinger's career, this movie may offer all the delight of being slowly dragged by a pickup truck along a stretch of remote rural flat-top.
Don Quixote meets Bowfinger meets Swingers for the reality-TV generation.
Wonderfully showcases how the personal pursuit of a dream, no matter how silly or inconsequential it may seem to some, emboldens and fortifies the soul.
In the last third, surprising developments speed up the pace, and our sympathies are fully won over.
This boy might be a little sappy, but he's not stupid. In fact, the sappiness is his act and he's got the approach to "breaking in" nailed.
Adorable doc with the 'Super Size Me' template.
My Date with Drew is just about the right length, and contains enough feel-good energy to make it a crowd-pleaser.
The dénouement is actually quite satisfying.
You couldn't ask for a better date movie - inspirational, insightful, and hilarious - plus it won't cost you $1100 to enjoy it.
I found the concept contained zero appeal.
Entertaining and likable.
You can't help but root for the guy; he's a likeable schlub who always manages to keep to the right of creepy.
It does work, and winningly so, as a sharp comedy powered by Brian Herzlinger's disarming audacity and puckish self-deprecation.
Funny, charming in its way and a little alarming in what it says about celebrity culture obsessions.
What might, in other circumstances, seem like a sweet crush comes off here as only the most shameless kind of networking.
Silly yet wistfully romantic, the film is a real-life underdog's tale that will appeal to both hopeless romantics and incurable optimists.
Though undeniably slight, Brian Herzlinger's endearingly enthusiastic documentary My Date With Drew makes a pretty good case for the underdog.
Why does he chase her so desperately? Not because he's a mad romantic. He's making a movie so he can get publicity so he can meet Drew so he can get his movie released so he can get more publicity.
His quest may not have been a waste of his time, but it's certainly a waste of ours.
Stalkers gone cuddly!
The budget for this year's second Drew Barrymore romantic comedy is 36,363 times smaller than that of the first, Fever Pitch. Guess which film is more satisfying?
The more time we spend with Brian the more he becomes, well, each one of us. And that's part of the reason I seriously adore this film.
Though his actions teeter on stalker territory, Herzlinger is both endearingly embarrassed by his own foolishness and so earnest about his fascination with the actress that we can't help but root for him.
Defies all reason to emerge as an inspiring, feel-good romantic comedy.
This film is a relaxing, funny, even hilarious doc about one sweet geek's magnificent obsession with Drew Barrymore.
In this homemade documentary, the narrator-filmmaker moves heaven and earth to get a date with his childhood dream girl, Drew Barrymore.
An agreeable, though rather stunt-like feel-good piece that most audiences will be able to identify with.
This maddening yet deftly made, and finally disarming, documentary comes through with enough heart and hilarity to sell its celebrity-stalking shenanigans to genuinely moving effect.
Slight, but sweet.
Watching My Date With Drew is like being party to the slow, poisoning death of the documentary.
A cute home video, but there's simply not enough material here to justify an hour and a half -- and certainly not enough to ask folks to shell out for a full-price ticket.
If you don't find the mere presence of Eric Roberts or Corey Feldman hysterically funny, you're in for a long night.
Herzlinger (is) ... the kind of stalker you want to pet.
The only documentary that's also the perfect date movie
My Date With Drew is stupefyingly tedious and annoying, since even Herzlinger's fixation on Barrymore comes off as a quasi-sham. What he really craves is a date with fame, a mistress destined to stand him up.
'I'm scared to death that I'm gonna look like an idiot,' he tells his friends. (Too late.)
Self-deprecating, genial humor punctuate docu about a guy trying to land a date with Drew Barrymore.
Brian is likely to appeal to mass moviegoers, because he is a clueless dork like the rest of us.
An accidental commentary on the difficult task of initiating genuine human interaction through a seemingly impenetrable and guarded web of Hollywood connections.
Not only is that message loud and clear but the movie is also funny, exciting and awkward as we literally go through every emotion with the extremely self-conscious Herzlinger.
It is all pretty harmless fly-on-the-wall fun, if a little too disposable.


@highlight

A love-it-or-hate-it stalkerazzi documentary, My Date With Drew effectively draws on America's celeb-obsessed pop culture so that viewers either unabashedly identify with it, or are filing restraining orders on Drew Barrymore's behalf.