A sharp and well paced horror film with heavy overtones of grief, anguish, and horrors of the real world that we sometimes unfortunately can never conquer.
An excursion through the psychological intrigue of the human mind that is precise, tense, atmospheric and performed with great dramatic intensity.
Definitely one of the best King adaptations in years ... and I've seen 'em all.
Like shacking up with a cheap hooker in a moderately priced hotel, 1408 delivers dirty thrills with few frills.
Another actor may have made 1408 seem as thin and fake as an episode of Tales from the Crypt, but Cusack lends it that badly needed extra milligram of conviction.
1408 is another Stephen King adaptation where the main protagonist is a writer. It is also a fine psychological horror movie and welcome change of pace from the ultra violent, gore polluted, torture porn flicks currently infecting cinema.
The success of 1408 rests squarely on [John Cusack's] Hawaiian shirt-clad shoulders, and he pulls it off. The role, that is. The tacky shirt stays on pretty well the whole time.
A good, old-fashioned horror flick, one that relies on supernatural chills, psychological twists and top-shelf special effects -- as opposed to the recent trend toward ball gags, bound wrists and bad lighting.
Cusack's gritty, near over-the-top performance goes a long way, as does the subtle slow burn from director Mikael Håfström, but Samuel L. Jackson needed to be nudged awake as the hotel manager.
Forcing the audience to experience his terror with an almost first-hand immediacy, Cusack runs the emotional gamut ...
Una buena idea y unos 20 minutos iniciales inquietantes y sugestivos se descarrilan rápidamente hacia la parafernalia y el exceso visual. Nada convence, excepto el esfuerzo de John Cusack por convencernos de que se lo ha tomado en serio.
From the start, it builds to a point of unbearable tension and then rewards us with a payoff that is cleverly executed and genuinely terrifying.
Cusack always manages to underscore panic with irony.
I'm very hard to please when it comes to the horror genre, but pleased I am with 1408, a dread concoction from Stephen King, sharply committed to film by a clever screenplay, solid direction and terrific performances.
The legitimately creepy exposition turns into relentlessly typical "haunted house" boilerplate.
For all of 1408's shortcomings, all that's really needed to lift it a level is some decent scares, but one or two spooky moments just isn't enough.
Though not especially original, this is frightening and disturbing film and the effects take a while to wear off.
...one of the most gleefully loony things you'll see this year.
You leave the film once again feeling that Stephen King is either not quite as good as his reputation or that most film-makers can't replicate the subtleties of his style.
1408 is the best King conversion since Misery.
"No one lasts more than an hour," goes the saying about the room. It's probably how long your attention lasts too. But it's one hell of an hour.
John Cusack's edgy, likeable performance carries this paranormal chiller, based on a Stephen King story and highly reminiscent of his landmark shockfest The Shining.
Cusack, who is in almost every scene, is astutely cast: his sardonic persona gradually disintegrates as the room plays its malevolent tricks on him.
It all rather sidesteps the question of why reluctant manager Samuel L. Jackson fails to demand a written disclaimer from a guest insisting on a room that has seen 56 deaths, including drowning in chicken soup.
Unpretentious and effective.
Check in if you are a fan of Cusack or King.
Even if by the closing act the movie has begun to feel a bit preposterous (enter the giant sea storm) and the resolution a bit saccharine, that's a small price to pay for a movie that's trying hard to reinvent horror the old-fashioned way.
All good fun, but if horror films are meant to make you leap from your seat, this is an abject failure.
Despite faltering with an overblown second half, and stealing no thunder from Kubrick's haunted hotel effort, 1408 remains one of the more accomplished King adaptations. A deliciously old-school surprise.
A terrific performance from John Cusack as a cynic on a paranormal mission nudges this towards the higher end of King adaps. Eventually lets itself down, but not before shaking you up.
Not up there with the best King adaptations, but a fun Gothic yarn that, like all good ghost stories, is simple and dripping with dread.
Enjoyable chiller with some terrific suspense scenes and a superb performance from John Cusack.
Things certainly go bump in the night in this slow-burning Stephen King adaptation. But 1408's short story origins are very clear: think a long, if enjoyable, episode of The Twilight Zone.
in terms of quality, 1408 is neither executive suite nor basement broom cupboard.
This presses all the right buttons, and is perfect accompaniment to the theater's air conditioning. A definite must for fans.
A horror movie that eschews today's penchant for torture porn and gets back to the basics.
For its first half, 1408 is genuinely scary ... [but] about halfway in when the setting moves from a believable universe to a wholly unrecognizable one and our ability to connect emotionally with what we're seeing is weakened.
Although 1408 lacks the dramatic power of either Misery or The Shining, John Cusack's riveting performance rivals that of James Caan and Jack Nicholson.
A minor idea squandered by ham-fisted details.
On the creep-o-meter, I'll give it a five out of 10.
A story that supports it's interesting theme of eventuality: even the strongest doubter may one day come around to believe in King's world of warped reality.
a cannily effective horrorshow, even if its PG-13 scares sometimes feel like they've been pulled a bit
More thriller than horror flick, this could even be viewed as a really dark comedy.
The film is like an effective haunted house with one eerie set piece following another.
Props to Enslin's tape recorder for rivaling Wilson the Cast Away volleyball as Best Inanimate Object For A Man On The Verge Of A Nervous Breakdown.
A savvy slab of undecorated cheese, made compelling by its unflinching willingness to dive into the material headfirst.
On balance, 1408 runs the numbers better than most.
One of the most spooky films i've seen in a long time...
Hoping to set itself apart from the current horror trend, 1408 is spooky but never scary and for some viewers that will be more than enough.
The limited setting is effectively claustrophobic, although it adds a sense that the story isn't going anywhere.
It's only when the proceedings turn to maudlin "psychological horror" that the film turns tiresome.
My only complaint with the film is that it takes a bit too long to find its ending.
It's offers a refreshing spin on the horror formula, and joins The Shining, Vacancy and Barton Fink as a film that makes the usually accommodating hotel business seem disturbingly bad for your mental health.
Cusack, an excellent actor, gives one of his best performances in this film.
Pretty much a standard Stephen King adaptation that wasn't made by Brian DePalma, Stanley Kubrick or David Cronenberg.
Just what does Stephen King have against the hotel industry?
Blair Witch in a hotel room, and way scarier than a bundle of sticks and a pile of rocks. It makes The Shining look like a cheap motel.
1408 is the first genuinely scary movie I've seen since The Ring, and it restores my faith in Hollywood's ability to make artful horror.
It's when the momentum remains inescapable that it's really on.
An intellectual, character-driven horror film, one that gets under your skin not through your stomach, but through your nightmares.
Devolves into a cavalcade of gee-whiz special effects, psychological sturm und drang and false endings.
a decidedly old-school film, relying on tension and gothic scares rather than buckets of blood.
When Mike Enslin (John Cusack) says he does not believe in ghosts, we in the audience cannot be blamed for not wishing him well, but he does turn in a stellar performance in what largely a stagey, one-man show.
Mike and Lily argue, he feels guilty, and now he's got to relive the whole thing -- not as memory but as reality-TV video, which does seem unduly harsh.
You'll want to check out room "1408."That is, if you like a solid horror story, fine performances and Stephen King tales.
1408 isn't great cinema, but does an adequate job in spite of its flaws.
While not actually scary, 1408 is unsettling and intense, taking its own sweet time building to a truly disconcerting climax.
Evokes the author's good points as well as his bad, but like its fast-talking hero, it was in trouble the minute the door closed behind it.
Seriously, forget all the movie theme park rides you've ever heard of; there needs to be a 1408 ride at Universal Studios.
..while things may go a bit overboard in 1408, the story has a unique and unexpected way of doubling back on itself that more than compensates.
the majority of the movie is built entirely around Enslin's scary safari into his subconscious, and Cusack gives a high-powered performance that never fails to hold your attention.
Takes what was a basically straightforward (albeit kickass) work of fantasy-tinged horror and turns it into something completely different: an abstract, surreal portrait of a man dealing with his grief.
It reminds us what it's like to be scared in a theater rather than overwhelmed by buckets of blood and gore.
It is relentless and unsettling, and as a bonus, it turns a Carpenters wedding staple into a murder ballad. That, my friends, takes skill.
Finally, a good old fashioned scary movie. And hey, it's PG-13 so why not bring the kids along for a little psychological scarring?
Cusack, a talented everyman but not quite a slick leading-man type, spends much of his time alone, battling the elements as it were.
While 1408 is no classic, it is refreshing to see a horror picture that just wants to do its job rather than prove to its audience how ruthlessly nihilistic it is.
The movie attempts a false ending that doesn't quite work; the picture feels prolonged, dragged out, and its ennui lessens the impact of some of its more terrifying fillips.
A faithful and creepy adaptation of [King's] 2002 short story.
It's an overblown campfire tale that doesn't know when to stop.
Even as haunted hotel King movies go, 1408 is certainly no Shining. Not even the TV-movie version.
A genuinely disturbing and ingenious piece of horror that's as much a brainteaser as it is a feast of visual creativity.
1408 is one of the good Stephen King adaptations, one that maintains its author's sly sense of humor and satiric view of human nature.
Handsomely shot and well-acted but only modestly involving for much of its length, 1408 doesn't perk up until its final half-hour. By then it's too late.
Scary, smart, and moving, it's a terrific summer entertainment for grown-ups.
An entertainingly hairy paranormal affair based on a King short story, 1408 sets up its star -- and its audience -- for a blood-curdling, bone-chilling night of horror.
Director Mikael Hafstrom creates effective atmospherics, and for a good long while 1408 manages to avoid the crutch of F/X.
There's ghoulish fun and Hichcockian suspense until the film hits a narrative wall around the 60-minute mark.
If I ever check into a hotel room and the clock radio is playing the Carpenters, I'm going to freak out.
In this mix of recycled scares and half-hearted twists, the only real fright is the sight of an interesting actor wasting his talents in yet another mediocre movie.
Neither viscerally compelling nor emotionally satisfying.
With a minimal amount of blood and virtually no gore, 1408 still manages to give you a major case of the creep-outs.
The dread is palpable in this chilling suspense thriller about a hotel room that more than lives up to its evil reputation.
For a deep-in-the-bones sense of dread that great horror generates, 1408 comes up short.
Only made me scream in agony on how hokey it was.
1408 ranks as the summer's smartest, spookiest surprise.
You might say 1408 has a 1409 ending -- beige, humdrum, only mildly uncomfortable and, once passed through on the journey home, instantly forgettable.
While it springs from a fairly pat premise, the execution is superb, eschewing cheap scares for throbbing, intense shocks.
You would assume that Stephen King had wrung about all the neurosis that could be squeezed from the haunted-writer theme in Secret Window, Misery and, most famously, The Shining. You would, however, be wrong -- dead wrong.
...an old-fashioned ghost story that understands people are more frequently haunted than places.
A psychologically thrilling movie that leaves you gasping in the end.
Cusack is uniquely suited to the role; a movie that really wanted to spook us would posit him as a happy, church-going family man. But until such time, we have Swedish director Mikael Hafstrom's fun take on Stephen King's short story of the same name.
All the suspense and shock depends on [Cusack's] performance, how he reacts from minute to minute, and he does a terrific job under Mikael Hafstrom's direction.
1408 would have been much worse had it starred Jim Carrey, and The Number 23 would have been much better had it starred John Cusack.
The problem with this movie is that it feels too much like a joke rather than a true work of suspense.
When it comes to Hollywood's treatment of his works, Stephen King hasn't always hit the jackpot. But with this smart and highly entertaining ghost story his luck may change.
An underwhelming psychological thriller and ghost story.
If not for a hokey ending and some cheesy plot devices, "1408" would have been the scariest, and best, ghost movie of the season.
No matter how entertaining the gorefests of folks like Eli Roth are, there will always be an entertainment value in films that are more into spooking people than making them sick.
...few scares, fewer surprises...
The ability of 1408 to raise goosebumps relies on Cusack's skill in making even the doubting Enslin appear genuinely terrified.
Stripped of unnecessary gore and predictable scare tactics, 1408 is a chilling psychological mind-bender, which stays true to its Stephen King roots.
Domestic difficulties were central to the scariness of 'The Shining' and 'Pet Sematary,' but here the psychological back story and so-called character development seem like padding.
Virtually a one-man show by Cusack, and he's up to the task.
...ultimately little doubt that the film's build-up is more effective than its pay-off.
A Stephen King short story is adapted and brought to the screen in 1408, more psychological thriller than outright horror.
While it's refreshing to see a scary movie that's not about torture and dismembered corpses, that's not enough.
Cusack carries it all, especially when there aren't any other actors around for him to interact with.
Hafstrom turns in a clean, almost old-fashioned film with a precise rhythm... But the movie's real trick is the rising sense of dreadful expectation.
His one real scene with Jackson is a mesmerizing corker, the two actors sparing with one another like two master chess players trying to find the most director route to their opponent's jugular.
While 1408 is no Shining, it's a solid and welcome entry to the kind of begotten supernatural tales all too sparse in contemporary cinema.
A much better-than-average horror flick that doesn't rely on hardcore torture and gore to thrill it's audience.
one of the best horror movies I have seen in a few years
1408 stumbles one too many times and cannot escape the genre's most common curse -- the dumb ending.
A little suspension of disbelief goes a long way once the scary stuff gets going.
gruesome and psychologically chilling, not gory and shockingly gross
Stephen King can be counted on to put the fun back into a ghost story. He did it with The Shining, and again in 1408, a short story that is the basis for this suspenseful chiller about a writer's hallucinogenic night in a haunted room.
Hafstrom can't balance the requirement of excitement with the necessity of depth without jerking the film's pace around like a bad carnival ride.
If you like 'spooky' but not 'gross' -- if you like to be scared without being assaulted -- then 1408 should do the trick.
1408 amounts to little more than a radical shock-therapy session for a man still finding his way after the loss of his daughter. Best to leave him alone with his issues.
Swedish director Mikael Hafsrom, who scored with Evil in 2003 and fizzled badly with Derailed two years later, seems to have regained his footing.
Your check-in time for the Dolphin Hotel's room 1408 should be whenever the movie hits video stores.
The story features some surprises, and director Mikael Håfström adds realism by bypassing computer graphics for practical effects. Add in the natural fear of being trapped in tight spaces and you have a can't-miss formula for horror and suspense.
1408 is not quite interesting enough to linger long in the mind, but it has enough jack-in-the-box chills to mollify those who feel it's been all downhill since The Uninvited.
John Cusack is virtually a one-man show in the claustrophobically chilling 1408.
1408 offers proof that you really can make a creepy and effective, PG-13-rated horror movie.
Underneath the atmosphere and pizzazz is an intimate and thoughtful portrait of one man's return from an abyss infinitely more haunting than any old, evil hotel room.
Adapted from a Stephen King story, this trite but watchable chiller plays like a scaled-down version of The Shining, with Cusack driven over the edge by hallucinations of his abusive father and dead daughter.
It's a good, solid scare picture, modestly scaled but well-crafted. And unlike certain other horror items on offer right now, this one doesn't make you feel like a psycho-in-training for sitting through it.
As the film chips away at the psychological barriers that protect a non-believer from being scared, don't expect your defenses to fare any better.
Listen up, all you Hostels, Saws and other purveyors of bloody terror. Lay down your whips, chain saws and paring knives to watch a truly scary movie.
Stephen King's claustrophobic obsessions are well served by Hafstrom and Cusack.
Based on a Stephen King story, 1408 takes the simplest plot and turns it into an enjoyably surreal, unnerving creepfest.
1408's a room none of us would want to visit in real life but one everyone should spend some time in while in the safety of a darkened theater.
Cusack is supposed to be a haunted-house pro, but after a window shuts on his fingers and the sink sprays hot water, he turns hysterical. Shouldn't he call maintenance first?
Not only is the trailer for 1408 oodles more terrifying than the movie itself; worse, for the most part, this pop-horror trifle adapted from a Stephen King short story grows into a formulaic bore.
Never has a King size bed had such an air of imminent menace.
It pins you into a claustrophobic chamber of terror for a surprisingly stomach-turning thrill ride.
Quaint or not, this King adaptation chills, and may have you Googling the next hotel you're scheduled to check into, room by room.
Sure, this is pretty much an episode of The Twilight Zone, but it's a really, really good episode of The Twilight Zone
Yes, it's that kind of film--what kind of film did you think it was going to be?
Finds some ingenious methods of visualizing the story's literary whim-whams. Before it finally succumbs to CGI bloat in the last act, it offers up one of the creepiest hours in recent memory.
1408 ranks as one of the best [Stephen] King adaptations for the screen.
A retro joy, a Halloween Haunted House of a movie that delivers the sort of pleasurable shivers and jolts that today's exercises in torture porn don't even attempt.
Intentionally or not, Håfström and his everyman star John Cusack have put together a contemporary re-imagining of 1991 Palme d'Or winner Barton Fink.
Regardless of how long you last in 1408, the logic to which you are entitled never comes.
The horror wouldn't work without Cusack, who makes what could have been a rote acting exercise -- Be tough! Now angry! Now defensively funny! -- a cathartic ritual instead.
a slick psychological thriller masquerading as a good old-fashioned ghost story
1408 generally survives and thrives on the strength of John Cusack's passionate performance as a skeptic of the supernatural who learns that spooks may be real, plus a spirited supporting role by Samuel L. Jackson and some effective chills.
The best movie based on a Stephen King horror story since The Shining.
Cusack manages to summon deep wellsprings of personal grief along with breezy humor and naked animal terror. It's a tour de force performance that confirms the talents of this remarkably versatile, sometimes underrated actor.
Don't expect lots of guts and gore, but there's tension aplenty, lots of shocks, and several false ends to the torment, which make it seem even more intense.
This isn't a horror movie about... screams and yells, it's more like chills and little moments of revelation.
Unlike Jack Nicholson and James Caan, who also played troubled novelists in King-inspired films, John Cusack gives an utterly sympathetic and likable performance that puts us on his side in a flick that makes a virtue of being old-fashioned horror.
1408's mixture of supernatural hullabaloo and spiritual awakening is sturdily propped up by Cusack, whose performance is equal parts caustic cynicism and empathetic turmoil.
Haunted houses aside, never were buildings such immense sources of creepiness and fright before 9/11.
Room 1408 presents a psychological, paranormal and physical juggernaut that will curl your insides in knots.
Refuses to embrace the fashionable elements of torture porn that are currently cutting a bloody swath through the horror genre, relying largely on psychological terror to impart the sense of someone possibly going mad, and taking the viewer along.
Overall 1408 is just a light turndown in the Stephen King film scheme, but don't worry: it *will* disturb!
Reassuringly old-school gothic.



@highlight

Relying on psychological tension rather than overt violence and gore, 1408 is a genuinely creepy thriller with a strong lead performance by John Cusack.