The new version stays so true to the original you could describe it as a feature-length short-which is not the most staggering accomplishment.
A potent reminder that not all shorts, even ones as brilliant as Acker's, will necessarily work well as a feature.
9 has a very Coraline-esque tone to it, so if that's a film you enjoyed, then this movie is definitely something worth checking out on the big screen.
Darkly beautiful to watch.
Feels unnaturally fleshed out and overthought, dampening the excitement through extensive padding...captivating eye candy, but something of a dramatic spinout.
If you're gonna be so downbeat, yah gotta be good. This ain't good. Paul Chambers, CNN.
9 is overall an enjoyable and inventive film.
Discovering the truth is good for the soul
A throwback to the industrial era, the film doesn't feel as important now as it might have then.
Proudly mature -- the movie deals much with individual death as well as doomsday -- so it's a welcome work, something we might even dare to call American-style anime.
This movie is what would happen if the folks at Pixar were manic depressives . . .
I think if I were not diligently taking notes for this very review I might have folded laundry or something to pass the time... It's a beautiful movie to look at and a clumsy story with a weird ending.
Totally lacking in character development. It is like seeing a love story involving toasters.
There is a lot that is interesting to see in the world created by Shane Acker but not enough to make the feature film satisfying.
Watch it for the visuals, and dream about what Shane Acker might accomplish with a better screenplay.
If ever there was a greater pity that a film wasn't exhibited in 3-D, I wouldn't know it. Acker's fluid direction and striking visual style would seem to welcome such an embellishment.
Substance abuse might improve the experience, but alas, 9 unto itself is only half-baked.
The characters are sketchy and the story makes little sense.
Well-designed but formulaic survival tale.
The interplay between characters is often electric and fans of the film will definitely find a character they can root for in the mix...
Grown from a superb 10-minute animation, this feature length version runs out of steam despite its stunning visual design.
Gorgeously animated, beautifully executed and incredibly imaginative, Shane Acker's 9 manages to nonetheless feel a little bit like something you've seen before.
Looking like a rag-doll version of Terminator Salvation, the film boasts an arresting visual style.
It's frustratingly imperfect -- but you won't regret seeing it.
While it must be said that dialogue and storytelling flow are not Acker's strong suits, the immersive power of his imagery is undeniable.
With animation increasingly the exclusive domain of the Pixars and DreamWorks, fresh talent following in the footsteps of Tim Burton and Henry Selick is a welcome tangent.
Visually impressive, symbolic and mostly entertaining.
Entirely superfluous conversations and thoughts hinder what could have otherwise been a beautiful, somber existentialist film about a number of potential themes%u2014loss, survival, consciousness.
Visually striking...[but] it feels as if Acker was pressured into making a money-making thrill ride instead of a mind-mulling sci-fi.
...a mesmerizing combination of The Terminator, The Matrix and Pinocchio.
More like an animation showcase of wonders than a genuine cinematic story
Too violent for small children, but might be enjoyed by fans of Tim Burton, one of the film's producers.
A combination of the cute and the cataclysmic, the film has its moments but becomes increasingly frantic and morally self-important.
Inventively animated with a striking attention to detail, this offbeat thriller might have trouble finding an audience, as the sweet and scary elements sit rather awkwardly alongside each other. But it's still ambitious and engaging.
A flat-out gorgeous vision of a devastated world whose script is as thin and formulaic as the imagery is rich and original.
The apocalyptic 9 offers innovative images of a broken Earth inhabited by woven warriors battling machines. But it's more style than substance - this mechanical tale needs a human touch.
This film will surely be remembered as an intriguing failure: a triumph of ambition over ability, of ideas over emotional resonance - just another grim fairy tale for these troubled times.
It looks great, but sadly the screenplay - in particular the stultifying dialogue - simply can't match the visual inventiveness.
It allegedly lasts 79 minutes. I think it lasted 79 hours, or 79 years, or perhaps 79 times the space of time between the extinction of allosaurus and the rise of Cro-Magnon.
Where it needs emotive magic, it lays on a vague and maudlin religiosity -- we're never quite sure what Acker thinks he's preaching. 9? I'd give it a 6.
The story drifts towards the mawkish without answering any of the big questions it tentatively raises.
9 is a bold and ambitious movie, a contemplative CG animation for grown-ups.
An interesting experiment that doesn't quite survive the conversion from short to long format.
Despite using a limited palette of earth tones and cold metals, there's a satisfying richness and depth to his CG world. Against unforgiving and ominous backdrops, the characters emerge with genuine soul.
Great material, credible producers, top voice talent and gorgeous visuals, stitched together to make a patchwork that's less than the sum of its parts. Striking and ambitious, but worn at the seams.
Pretty exciting in its Sturm-und-Drang. And, aww, really, the little sack puppets really were the cutest poppets.
While you long to root for 9 and his pals, it's hard to emotionally connect with such under-developed characters.
A cumbersome and trite "dangerous rise of technology" story that fails to engage.
The intricate computer-generated images are breathtaking. In terms of visuals this is a nine out of ten. But it is impossible to care about dolls or the standard post-apocalyptic plot, so a lot of hard work has gone to waste.
A Disneyfied cliché, disfigured by incoherent mysticism and trite warnings about the dangers of technology.
An imaginative fantasy set in a future world that appears to have come straight from a Terminator film.
Too dark for littl'uns, too hectic and cutesy for adults, it's pretty much guaranteed to please no one.
9 is undeniably flawed and fails to engage on an emotional level but it remains worth seeing for its striking animation.
Beautifully designed but boringly told.
Ideas of fascism, loss of the soul and post-apocalyptic existence, all ripe for exploration, are given a body swerve in favour of muddled new-age nonsense.
Pamela Pettler's screenplay sucks out the very soul of Acker's original creations, leaving little behind but a ghost-like shell, pretty to look at, but free from any substance
Há certas histórias que precisam mesmo de apenas 10 minutos para que sejam contadas; mais do que isso e acabam apenas escancarando a fragilidade de suas premissas e a de seus criadores.
A visual feast, if you don't mind the depressing, post-Apocalyptic setting.
Melding spirituality with science, this animated post-apocalyptic fantasy suffuses the two seemingly opposite disciplines into a rich synthesis
A distinctive vision, but a familiar story.
It's disappointing to report that the movie--while terrific to look at and rousing in parts--is not the movie it could have been.
The movie has breathtaking visual sequences but is a little too familiar and thin in plot and character department to elevate it much beyond its animated forebears.
Creates its environment through suggestion and hinting around... outstandingly creepy.
Shane Acker brings a lot of visual panache to his film 9. Unfortunately, it's all one flavor of panache, housed in a film that's entirely in one tone.
a weird and wonderful but narratively lacking post-apocalyptic fantasy
the plot unfortunately calls to mind an unholy recombination of Terminator 3: The Rise of the Machines times the third Ice Age installment.
Rich in concept and atmosphere, there is a childlike innocence to the story, but the metaphysical ending grows too cryptic to completely satisfy.
there's a lot more to the film than just a sanitized cartoon
Because '9' runs only 79 minutes, Acker almost gets by on the intricate and distinctive visuals.
9 is The Terminator on ritalin. It is loaded with adult themes but really aimed at kids. And %u2014 ironically %u2014 it is the perfect flick for a nine-year old boy.
Acker does himself no favors with rote anti-dogmatism and vapid characterizations. Despite that, though, his little creations remain oddly compelling.
Tim Burton protege Shane Acker has proven a better student of the letter of his mentor's work than the spirit.
The fact that 9 looks so breathtakingly vivid and alive is reason enough to catch it on the big screen.
Be all that as it may, the lack of character development and cohesive storytelling does hurt Acker's debut quite a bit. This is a movie I find myself wanting to love and embrace, but thanks to these regrettable slipups I just can't do it.
Imagine the Terminator series done with sock puppets. 9 isn't necessarily an original story, but the detailed visuals are incredibly creative
Undermined by a pedestrian end-of-the-world storyline and by characters with zero personality.
While 9 boasts gorgeous images, it runs out of story all too quickly.
A creative animated film set in a post-apocalyptic wasteland where a courageous soul goes on a quest to discover meaning.
9 does a good job of mounting its post-war, post-human world, but the emphasis on noisy action sequences and fingers-on-a-chalkboard brutality leave storytelling behind.
Go home, turn your computer on and go to the 9 official website. Watch the trailer and then you will have seen the best parts of the film.
Yet another nightmare post-apocalyptic world is imagined with a wealth of technical brilliance and a dearth of thematic originality...
Beyond the impressive visuals, there isn't much.
There's no denying that Acker has a knack for bleak landscapes and an inventive salvage-yard approach to character design, but his narrative skills are less developed.
Who the heck was this post-apocalyptic rock'em sock theater made for? Not kids, not adults, not even really stupid adults. I haven't seen something with less of an audience since Cameron Diaz was on Inside the Actor's Studio.
In movies, our technology is so often the ruin of us. We got that message from Stanley Kubrick way back when, and we get it now. But couldn't filmmakers let something else ruin us for a change? Even the apocalypse needs variety.
The worst thing you can say about 9 is that it's the look, not the script, that keeps your interest.
click to read the full review
Visually stunning and marginally intriguing, but often drags, lacks palpable thrills, and leaves you feeling underwhelmed and unimpressed by the dull story.
9's innovative animation style doesn't need the latest 3D gimmicks to involve its audience, the depth and beauty of Acker's world pulls us in from the first frame.
In an ultimate twist of irony for those who have seen the movie, the film lacks soul.
You may already get a sense of what the problem is here: the characters are literally ciphers.
This marks a promising beginning for Acker, who has a bright future in cinema. He just needs to polish his storytelling skills and keep the explanatory dialogue to a minimum.
The delight is in the detail. The character designs are marvelous and the surface details playful and inventive...
It's easy to see why Acker's gifts caught the attention of these directors; he's a visual craftsman of no little promise. Now if he can just stitch together a story with the same loving care that went into creating those digital burlap dolls...
If a picture really is worth a thousand words, then 9 would be as thick as the tremendously lengthy novel War and Peace.
It's hard to tell what the moral message is, other than "it's good to work together to achieve your goals" or "don't press random buttons unless you know what they might do."
[Its] splendid visuals are dragged down by a tedious story.
9 is enthralling and beguiling, a flawed but gripping narrative suffused with wonder, imagination and dread-tinged awe.
Even if the story doesn't benefit from being stretched to nearly 80 minutes, the post-apocalyptic plains (scorched from a retro-futuristic man/machine war) and Steampunk designs will divert attention from the narrative deficiencies.
Acker's originality pretty much ends at his visuals.
It is really hard to connect with these things... They have arms and legs and heads, but they still feel like yarn balls fighting. WALL-E was a box, but he was a box you could have a beer with.
The feature film version of 9 - expanded from Shane Acker's earlier short subject - is one of the most amazing visual experiences you will enjoy inside a cinema this year - for about the first ten minutes.
9 offers deliriously dark visuals and inventive sound effects - but the story lets the CGI work down.
The expanded cast of creatures looks great, dressed and animated in the homespun style Acker calls ''stitchpunk.''
It might have been an opportunity for the sort of challenging speculation sci-fi is best at, however, and the best reason to see it is simply because of the creativity of its visuals.
It's merely some innovative character designs spouting inane dialogue and going through some creaky plot motions.
Visually stunning animated fantasy for older tweens and up.
captures the viewer's attention with amazing textures and colors, but not with the kind of Technicolor splendor you might first think of when considering the word spectacular.
The post-apocalyptic adventure 9 adds up to everything except an obvious audience.
Acker is so busy making sure every animated clock and piece of fabric is just right that he loses sight of the need to tell a story.
Acker, whose gifts for mood, design, and character design are impressive enough to have attracted Tim Burton as a producer, is more of an artist than a storyteller.
It signals the arrival of Shane Acker as an audacious new talent to watch.
Earnest, inspiring and far from perfect, 9 is the kind of animated experience that defies traditional sensory logic.
No question, the world Acker conjures is a knockout.
The look of the characters ... is incredibly intriguing, and the universe that Messrs. Acker, Burton and Bekmambetov have created is a treat for the eyes.
9 is a captivating film with much to say about the human spirit -- even if humans are nowhere to be found.
It's a perfectly functional, fairly scary kids' film, with plenty of craft and creativity to keep adults occupied. But with a story as sophisticated as its visuals, it could have been much more.
I'm all for embracing the new and supporting filmmakers with unique visions, but there are still basic tenets of filmmaking that need to be achieved.
9 is a grey and grim thrill ride packed full of kiddie morality lessons and creepy frightenings, as though Steven Spielberg had induced the Brothers Quay to create a summer blockbuster.
Much of the action in 9 becomes repetitive, and the storyline takes an odd turn toward the metaphysical in the final act.
One senses Acker stretching his eleven-minute short rather than containing bigger ideas and characters who have taken on lives of their own: 9 too clearly puts style over substance.
Rarely has so much imagination been poured into one facet of a film at the expense of another.
Parental Content Review
Sinister, scary, imaginative and original - despite a thin, one-dimensional storyline.
Save the voice work, which is celebrity-heavy and mostly undistinguished, 9 is a marvel to take in, especially the individual character designs.
Soulful, streamlined and brilliantly executed, "9" is a contender for best action film of the year.
9 is the kind of movie that breaks your heart. It shows so much promise, but then wastes it on the same old fuddy duddy future shock storyline.
A visually stunning achievement, "9" has taken computer animation to a whole new level.
A visually striking piece of work from first-time feature director Shane Acker.
Most viewers will find themselves wishing that they had just said nein.
While not suitable for younger children, Shane Aker's 9 draws you into its world effortlessly and is most definitely worth seeing.
Acker's film seems to go out of its way to avoid being epic.
Acker has created a fitful combination of beautiful, dreamlike images that never knit together forcefully enough to seem individual or convincing.
This is a flawed gem.
If anything, the story elements are overly familiar and too predictable.
The film offers a unique take on the future and enough dazzling sights to merit a second and even third viewing.
The result is never as gripping in narrative terms -- a well-worn litany of dystopian-future chestnuts -- as it is visually, but Acker keeps things moving briskly for the movie's 70-odd minutes.
It's too bad the thin story didn't match the stylishly haunting visuals.
A nagging sense of incompletion haunts 9.
Exquisite visuals aside, 9 plays like a sock monkey version of Doom.
Fans of sophisticated, adult-oriented animation may savor Acker's elaborate visuals. Younger children, however, might wonder why they sat through all the terror.
One wonders, in fact, if 9 should have stuck with its original short format.
At barely an-hour-and-a-quarter in length, it's one of those very rare feature films that you wish were longer.
What's lost in Acker's showdown between diminutive ragdolls and a soul-eating, scarlet-eyed spider-machine is any hint of grandeur, the overarching sense of something of inestimable value at risk.
Acker isn't taking us over the rainbow, but he has brought us someplace daring and new, and he makes you anxious to see what other destinations he has in mind.
It would be a shame if the most exciting and thoughtful CGI action movie of the year didn't find an audience because the film's heroes fail to pass the suspiciously high superhero-fitness test.
While children still watching Tigger videos should stay away, older kids will enjoy the bloodless action and awesomeness infused into nearly every frame.
Acker's strange little critters turn out to be oddly endearing, even if you get the feeling this battle has been fought before.
A perfect example of a thin idea stuffed and stuffed with filler until it loses much of its charm.
Comparing this to the summer's biggest, most bloated movie about malevolent robots, 9 is about twice as enjoyable with half the length.
Character development is virtually nonexistent, and the action is so repetitive that 9 comes across as unworthy of its visual splendor.
It's too scary for small kids and, frankly, too dreary for everyone else. The most intriguing question it asks is what Acker will do next.
What I loved about 9 is how much evident care its makers have put into it.
9 is not a perfect 10, but its imperfection is what makes it gripping and bewitching.
9 reaches the tedium threshold quite quickly.
As a late-summer treat for adults with a childlike sense of wonder -- or older children with a grown-up sense of adventure -- 9 is a definite 8 out of 10.
While the grim and gritty post-apocalyptic setting -- call it Industrial Blight and Tragic -- make this PG-13 title very much not for little kids, 9 gets a lot of empathy and pathos from its cast of (literally) stitched-together characters.
This arrestingly beautiful animated film places style over content.
It may not be a great film, but in its own way, it embodies the greatness of its chosen genre in ways no other piece of animation could.
The attention to details, such as the individual costume of each of the diminutive sack bots and the brilliantly intricate background art, make this a great piece of elegant eye candy.
Ranks down there with Battle for Terra as the year's weakest animated venture.
[9's look] at times felt steampunk, and at other times looked straight goth. Then I realized it was something much better: it was unique.
I admire Acker's craftsmanship to the same degree I'm frustrated by what's missing or overstressed here, amid all the rough-textured details and the grim machine-ruled aesthetic.
Every effort to expand the range of feature-length animation beyond the confines of cautious family fare is to be welcomed, and budding techno and fantasy geeks are likely to be intrigued and enthralled.
In its first half, 9 pulls you in with the promise of discovery and the thrill of action but its endgame becomes muddier as it trudges along.
[A] mysterious conundrum of a film that is beautifully grim to behold and actually sort of massively depressing by the time it's over... but in a good way...
Wondrously-imaginative, lightly-plotted fable about the stitch-work creations who outlive humanity in a post-apocalyptic wasteland.
While it brings the unique and striking vision of Acker to the table, in the end it's not much more than playing with dolls.
While visually arresting, 9 is narratively a pretty familiar piece, and at once too mature for children and too childish for adults.
So plotless ... you'll wish 8, 6, 7, 5, 3 and 9 would just line up so they could call Jenny and ask her for some more story ideas.
A computer-animated wonder, an apocalyptic action-thriller that's a little like The Terminator meets WALL-E.
9 manages to have an underlying socio-political message, and still finds a way to be a breathtaking and entertaining feature that leaves you engrossed until the very end.
Here's the strangest thing of all: it works.
For all the Saturday-matinee heroics, the movie is dreary and monotonous, the vision junky in more ways than one.
Beautifully designed but short on depth or novelty.
Soul is what distinguished man from brute, and 9 and his appealing cohorts have that in abundance.
Tim Burton and Russian visionary Timur Bekmambetov take producing credits for a movie your kids won't get and you won't enjoy.
Neophyte director Shane Acker creates a visually dazzling, highly imaginative sci-fi animated feature that's marred only by a bland script.
A brilliantly animated and welcome treat for moviegoers searching for adventure, inspiration and complete originality.
The apocalyptic setting may be too familiar, and the tale too slender even for an 80 minute film, but this is after all a feature debut and the visuals are striking.
There is beauty and hope deep inside the nightmare, and you will certainly be moved by 9's adventures.
It certainly is a valuable introduction to an exciting new talent, but by expanding the film's length, characters and otherworldly environment things are strangely diminished.
In the end, the picture's impact derives mostly from its design and assured execution.
9 is a post-apocalyptic fable notable for its visual beauty.

@highlight

Although its story is perhaps too familiar and less complex than some might wish, 9 is visually spectacular, and director Shane Acker's attention to detail succeeds in drawing viewers into the film's universe.