Charles Ferguson's gripping No End in Sight relies on former Bush administration officials to make the case that in its earliest stages the American military operation in Iraq was catastrophically mismanaged.
Ferguson's film is intelligence-report methodical, providing a primer on how we got into Iraq and what screw-ups have made the situation spiral out of control.
There's no shortage of opinion, but what Ferguson is aiming for in this fascinating 102-minute dissection is a professional critique of foreign policy.
A persuasive argument that the inception of, and response to, the Iraq War perverted America's ideals and intellect. Its moderate temperament hides obvious roars: Remembering outrage is all that will keep this from again occurring unopposed.
A thorough, level-headed examination of the Bush administration's failure to properly prepare for, and execute, the war.
It doesn't matter if you're a news junkie or clueless about current events, you need to see this movie.
No End is Sight is the product of a calmly systematic desire for knowledge, and as such, does not offer solutions, only profound insight.
Lucidly, dramatically and without resorting to partisan rhetoric, Charles Ferguson's not-to-be-missed documentary "No End in Sight" lays out in convincing, appalling detail the disastrous missteps of the U.S. occupation of Iraq.
By the time No End in Sight gets to a late chapter titled "Things Fall Apart," you'll believe that call could have been made a long time ago.
a horror show guaranteed to make you mad
Well-constructed and well-researched documentary which methodically lays out the groundwork for what went wrong in Iraq.
Watching the film, which is well-organized but utterly artless, one wonders who, exactly, it's trying to sway.
Charles Ferguson's film may be the best, and the final word on the subject.
For anyone who's wondering why we're still stuck in Iraq, give this quick 100-minuter a whirl and get filled in.
Bleak, dry and marginally repetitive, "Sight" fails to answer with clarity why bad decisions were made.
The most important film of the year thus far and, more significantly, the most comprehensive, clear-eyed account of the Iraq debacle and the arrogance behind it that we have.
You really should see this movie, even though it will make you sick.
A tidy summary of the tragic mistakes made, and the brutal arrogance displayed, by the Bush administration in its prosecution of the Iraq war.
It's a film that only begins to take baby steps in telling what went wrong and how insane it is to stick with such a bad war policy.
...a movie that will make you angry or sad. It provides no escape or transport from, but rather deeper engagement with, the regrettably real world.
Ferguson consults not the administration's political opponents, but the very experts that the U.S. government selected and sent into the Baghdad fray ...
This is a movie about the very officials who boasted 'I don't do quagmires' (then-defense secretary Rumsfeld), but who hadn't actually done the planning or simple reading of other people's plans that might have avoided that very fate.
The movie's larger points are sobering and relevant, no matter how many times they've already been made.
You'll leave the picture shaken and stirred, knowing that if the right people were in charge, this whole Iraq thing could have worked. To call this film a "must-see" is an understatement.
Absorbing documentary that dissects the mind-numbing incompetence that has defined this White House.
The most riveting film of the summer, and also the saddest.
Charles Ferguson holds this fact to be self-evident: that the chaos in Iraq is the direct result of a handful of bad policy decisions made very early in the war.
A clear-eyed appraisal and condemnation of Bush administration war policies as seen through the eyes of people in a position to note the disastrous choices that left a country in chaos.
Narrated with a detached, grim authority by Campbell Scott, Ferguson's film is surely the most nonhistrionic cinematic explanation of our current geopolitical woes yet seen.
This is depressing stuff, brilliantly presented.
No End in Sight makes one thing clear: Were it not so bloody, the war in Iraq would be destined to become a case study in the nation's business schools.
This one is not just a series of personal, one-sided attacks, as Moore's film seemed to be. Instead, filmmaker Charles Ferguson uses interviews with former Bush administration officials, journalists, former soldiers and others to make his case.
The film is not anti-war but anti-arrogance and anti-idiocy.
Even dedicated news junkies will gain new understanding of a campaign with no end in sight.
The best documentary to be made about the war in Iraq.
We all need to learn a few lessons from this and ratchet up our outrage.
As one of the interviewees put it succinctly, there is no light at the end of the tunnel.
Ferguson's case is so confidently built that it seems unassailable...
You know the Iraq war is going badly. What you may not know is how it also started badly.
...Ferguson's take has the precision and seriousness of purpose of a sniper's bullet while Moore's is a homemade shrapnel grenade.
...the saddest, scariest horror movie I've seen in years.
A blistering, on-point expose of the movers and shakers who paved our way into a senseless conflict.
This is the Iraq War documentary that covers all bases...Just listen to the silence of those who refuted Fahrenheit 911.
It comes across as something of a horror story: This happened, it was a fiasco -- and now there might not be any way of fixing it.
Its list of interviewees includes a number of insiders once deeply involved in the bungled aftermath of America's invasion of Iraq. It also includes some shocking, on-the-ground footage from the war that has not been seen elsewhere.
No End in Sight is the most coolheaded of the Iraq war documentaries, the most methodical and the least polemical. Yet it's the one that will leave audiences the most shattered, angry and astounded.
The point of [Ferguson's] film seems to be that even though the invasion was unnecessary and wrong, it still could have turned out much better than it has, and he tries to pinpoint key errors during the first weeks and months after March 2003.
No End in Sight will leave you floored, agape and enraged anew.
Ferguson is admirably tenacious in assigning blame for the boneheaded mistakes that have doomed Iraqi reconstruction.
A raft of documentaries have come along since the start of the war, some of them accusatory, some investigative, some empathetic, nearly all of them skeptical. None is better argued or more searing than No End in Sight.
If any movie can rid Americans of 'Iraq war fatigue,' it's Charles Ferguson's muscular documentary No End in Sight. It provokes potent new feelings of outrage and catalyzes fresh thoughts about the right way to run a government, especially ours.
Remember the scene in A Clockwork Orange where Alex has his eyes clamped open and is forced to watch a movie? I imagine a similar experience for the architects of our catastrophe in Iraq. I would like them to see No End in Sight.
First-time writer-producer director Charles Ferguson is a noted think-tank scholar who is less interested in casting partisan blame than figuring out just exactly how such a colossal debacle came about.
Lucid, concise and devastating.
[No End in Sight] may be the best and saddest film of the year so far.
No End in Sight, the latest Iraq documentary, is the first to attempt a detailed historical overview and probably the only one with the potential to reach across partisan lines, a true rarity in the sphere of political filmmaking.
Although this is Ferguson's first feature -- he paid for it himself -- it's a masterfully assured piece of filmmaking.
Leaves you furious at an administration of armchair warriors, yet it offers the catharsis of cold, hard truth.
[W]e need ... a multi-volume/reel history [of] the unprecedented stupidity and mendacity of the Bush administration, and Charles Ferguson's infuriating documentary could be volume one.
will have you alternately slapping your forehead in stunned disbelief and shaking your head in disgust.
Essential viewing for any patriot.
We need to hear the story again and again, for no amount of rage and disbelief can turn what the Bush Administration did into someone else's problem.
Organized, concise and plain as day, "No End In Sight" is necessary viewing for audiences the world over.
The most compelling and least partisan of all the Iraq documentaries.
The anger that fuels Ferguson's film is felt in nearly every frame.
A valuable summary of a variety of missteps that have led to the current debacle.
Rehashes information you already knew and tries to inflate trivia into scandal.
No End in Sight offers an emphatic, well-supported answer to a question that has already begun to be mooted on television talk shows: Who lost Iraq?.
A damning appraisal of America's handling of the Iraq war.
Want to kick start a drinking problem? Just give No End in Sight a look, and you're assured a cold, dark night ingesting anything nearby that will sooth the post-viewing depression.
The larger picture presented here will likely be old news, although it will jab the memory and still will shock.
Its message should be dispassionately studied by anyone who presumes to care about the future of this country.
Doesn't offer startlingly new information, [but] its calm, methodical presentation of the evidence is a solid contribution to...the American public's understanding.
So No End In Sight is hardly another partisan anti-war doc. Instead, it's a cogent, often infuriating explication of how the execution of the war went awry.
It's a furious, if quietly stated, indictment of the president and all his men in the debacle that our adventure in Iraq has become.
...words speak even louder than visual evidence in Charles Ferguson's lacerating analysis of America's occupation of Iraq.
...his [Ferguson's] brilliant and riveting documentary about the Bush administration's failures in Iraq, is at once the most devastating cinematic postmortem on America's colossal blunder in the Middle East, and the most sober.
While this incriminating documentary makes a convincing case against the White House, it arrives a bit belatedly, at a juncture when John McCain is just about the only loyalist left still sipping the Bush Kool Aid.
Ferguson's debut doc is a brilliant piece of investigative journalism.
Ferguson's inquiry into the war doesn't spend much time on the ground, but it features a tense round-up of talking heads and finds an effective weapon in their shared tone of frustration.
This essential documentary is a clear-eyed, coherent dissection of how crucial decisions were made in the first weeks and months following the American invasion of Iraq.
Masterfully edited and cumulatively walloping.
Charles Ferguson has designed No End in Sight to sink in.
Soberly narrated by Campbell Scott, the film is a meticulous, thoroughly engrossing lesson in how not to win friends (or wars) and influence people (or potential terrorists).
If you want take the leap from disbelief and confusion to a clearer, empowering understanding of how we arrived at our current predicament, then political scientist Charles Ferguson's documentary No End In Sight is highly recommended.
Should be required viewing for anyone who thinks the Iraq war is progressing according to plan.
Yet another doc that socks it to the current administration's foreign policy--this one most effectively.
A documentary that rues the fact that the US was not able to impose its will on the Iraqi people, but never questions the right to do so.
A damning critique conducted with surgical precision, Ferguson's Sundance Festival prize-winning film is arguably one of the most comprehensive and rigorous docus about the failures of the Bush administration vis-a-vis the Iraq War.
The film is methodically edited, interspersing tales from the ground with policy wonks, decisions with consequences, until it paints the administration into a corner.
A systematic and rigorous history of the Iraq war to date.
[Director] Ferguson delivers the calm, meticulous survey of U.S. policy that legions of critics of Michael Moore's Fahrenheit 9/11 have been waiting for.





@highlight

Charles Ferguson's documentary provides a good summary of the decisions that led to the mess in post-war Iraq, and offers politically interested audiences something they'd been looking for: a lowdown on the decision making.