... effectively paints a three dimensional portrait of Strummer, unafraid to confront his philosophical contradictions, though neither dwelling on his flaws, and showing how by finding his humanity, he ultimately lived up to the ideals he espoused.
Lively doc on the late Brit punk rocker guitarist for the Clash.
This offers Strummer fans unlimited access to the man behind the legend. Though it really is for fans - who should run and buy it.
Julien Temple's film is an energizing work of art, a visually striking and inspiring look at a band that never 'sold out' and the leader who saw to it that they didn't.
The big unanswerable question is: Do we wish Strummer would have listened to David Lee Roth's advice that "You don't have to take life so seriously, honey"?
Miracle of miracles, a valuable portrait of Strummer manages to emerge from the chaos, helped by the film's one consistent thread: tapes of a BBC World Service radio show he hosted in his final years.
[Director Julien Temple] stops short of hagiography, while exhaustively positing Strummer as one of the most important cultural figures of the 20th century.
Temple, who chronicled the Sex Pistols...offers the full, sometimes bloated, context of Strummer's life through the testimony of his many friends and collaborators.
Temple gets at the heart of Strummer's character, at the unbridled joy that existed within his righteous anger, the satisfaction of knowing he was on the right side of history and hadn't had to sell any part of himself to get there.
The film is the work of an admirer, but not an uncritical one.
Temple's film is a fittingly conscientious and absorbing tribute to his complex, contradictory personality.
A beautiful, evocative collage composed of concert footage, photographs, interviews and film clips, as well as interviews with people who knew him, the film is a rigorously thorough biography and an impassioned accolade.
Temple has plenty of cinematic tricks and willing interview subjects.
Compelling viewing, even for people who don't care a bit for the punk scene.
One of the most compelling documentary portraits of a musician yet made.
Future is overlong and will best be enjoyed and understood by fans, but even newcomers will appreciate the essential drive of the man, who died of a sudden heart attack in 2002, and admire his ability to balance anger and ecstasy.
The story illustrates how easily political art can be hijacked by the other side, and it illuminates the anguish of a man who spent the last 20 years of his life wrestling with his legacy.
'Should you stay or should you go' really is the ultimate question.
By the end of Temple's rather long film, that is the person who emerges: a man no longer interested in changing the universe song by song but devoted to enriching his own corner of the world.
Indulgent celebrity interviews..., repetitive details from Strummer's friends, and rapid-fire editing of found footage that sometimes matches the music but often just clouds the narrative.
Those who loved the Clash or Strummer will be enthralled throughout.
The end result is a documentary that feels very insider and exclusive... it's probably best suited to those who are already fans.
A remarkably well-detailed doc that proves 'Rock The Casbah' is not just that song from the cell phone commercials.
Temple's film offers a rich, detailed portrait of a commanding but idealistic Strummer against the backdrop of the do-it-yourself punk ethos of the late '70s.
Julien Temple has assembled a complex portrait of a human being and the times in which he lived.
The Future Is Written is a loving testimonial to one of rock's true originals.
The Future Is Unwritten does an ample job of capturing the many facets of Strummer, who was simultaneously self-effacing and and heroic, devoted and calculating, sensitive and brazen.
Julian Temple has done cinematic justice to the punk humanist born John Graham Mellor.
Joe Strummer: The Future Is Unwritten is that rarest of movie biographies: a warts-and-all exploration of the life and times of its subject.
Joe Strummer: The Future Is Unwritten is a film for fans -- really big fans. More-casual admirers, perhaps those whose only Strummer CD is the Clash's "London Calling," should probably stay away.
Suffused with clear-eyed affection for its subject and times, this is not your little brother's punk documentary.
It's a great story arc, and this alone makes the movie worth seeing, but Temple's filmmaking may frustrate more than it enlightens.
The singer's life is compressed into a two-hour montage of interviews, vintage video snippets and artsy filigree in Joe Strummer: The Future is Unwritten.
Joe Strummer: The Future Is Unwritten is one artist's moving tribute to another: director Julien Temple's poetic evocation of the life of punk's greatest troubadour.
Leaves behind a surprising afterglow and allows you to appreciate Joe Strummer's warmth.
Little sense of the band's import or power is ever communicated. Instead, Temple devotes the entire second hour of the film to Strummer's uninteresting post-Clash career.
[Director Temple's] documentary can be quite clear-eyed, especially when exploring Strummer's lesser-known years before and after The Clash. As Strummer attempts to define and redefine himself, he seems human but still heroic.
The movie fascinates not so much because of Strummer, whose brooding temperament and flash-and-burn career arc seems pretty routine by rock standards, but because of the way Temple organized and edited the film.
A great gift for those longing to revisit the groovy times of a punk rock past.
Joe Strummer may have sung 'I'm So Bored with the U.S.A.,' but American audiences will be anything but bored with music video innovator Julien Temple's coruscating celebration of the iconic Clash singer/songwriter.
Little else we've not been exposed to in the last handful of years.
An attempt at a tribute to a great man. Strummer doesn't need it.
a loving filmic portrait
The Future Is Unwritten is as overstuffed as Sandinista!, but it races ahead like 'White Riot.'
Julian Temple has paid proper homage to one of rock's most important artists.
[Julien Temple's] insider's point of view both helps and hurts the film.
The Future Is Unwritten is less a eulogy than a wake, and one in which the subject is startlingly present.
You'll feel like you're at an amazing eulogy, where friends and family don't mourn the loss of their loved one but tell stories about his life.
The Future Is Unwritten captures the Joe Strummer who, in the late 1970s, just about firebombed the rock establishment with his fury.
Anyone who's ever been a fan of the Clash or Strummer's music should be fascinated by this comprehensive look at his eccentric life.
I've never cared for Joe Strummer and The Clash, but Julien Temple's Joe Strummer: The Future is Unwritten is, for the most part, some sort of incredible.
The great thing about the cumulative effect of the documentary is its ability to give the audience a strong sense of Strummer's uncompromising humanitarian ideals. You'll laugh, you'll cheer, and you'll shed a tear.
From an inflated ego to the excess of drugs and overindulgence, Strummer experienced it all. His voice may have been mediocre, but there's no denying the influence and legacy he left behind.
Temple succeeds beautifully in evoking Strummer as a cross between a punk journeyman and one of the battered, upright gunmen who populate Sam Peckinpah's films.
Temple picked a winner in his subject matter. Strummer is always compelling and charismatic, which covers up a whole host of sins.
Director Julien Temple examines Strummer's life and motivations with a flair for unearthing endlessly quotable bandmates, friends, and artists who have been inspired by him.
[Director] Temple succeeds in creating a portrait neither glowing nor damning, but representative of a remarkable man.
Celebrates Strummer's fecundity and self-invention and honors his reticence and private despair, reminding us along the way what a contradictory and amazing affair a single human life is.
The late punk rock legend Joe Strummer is rendered fully human in Julian Temple's engrossing and all-encompassing portrait.
A rock documentary that's a good as it gets.





@highlight

Displaying Joe Strummer warts and all, The Future is Unwritten succeeds as both an engrossing documentary and a comprehensive examination of one of music's most legendary figures.