College is painfully stale, pathetically unfunny, and I can't think of a single reason why you should sit through [it].
If college were really like this, everyone would drop out and found Microsoft.
We've done the whole classless college comedy thing before, many times.
A laugh-free, thoroughly unpleasant comedy...
So full of nastiness and cruelty that it's hard to believe anyone would find joy in it.
a male fantasy of what sorority life is really like with a depth of story that would be more at home in a porn film than a major motion picture
The worst gags in "Old School" and "Revenge of the Nerds" are still superior to anything you'll see in College
If you hear someone deriding Superbad for being unoriginal or derivative, sit them in front of College. If they can't tell the difference, they're a lost cause.
I thought it was dreadful from start to finish.
Not only would I not see this movie, I wouldn't see any movie playing in the same multiplex.
Excruciatingly unfunny.
A tedious, by-the-numbers raunch-fest that exists strictly because it can.
Legendary Animal House king of debauchery John "Bluto" Blutarsky would not approve of the party lifestyle at this College.
Personally, I wouldn't waste a $5 drink on this one, but I do understand that teen's irritation.
A raunchy comedy that plays like a Superbad without the smarts, the heart, the originality or the laughs.
...makes The House Bunny look like The Importance of Being Earnest.
A movie that glorifies binge drinking flunks as a movie
Sadistic with no laughs to be had.
With sloppy direction, a half-baked script and no reason to care, College is far from being the Animal House of this generation.
Crude, boorish comedy doesn't make the grade.
Film critics never come home stinking of their honest labor, but the nearest equivalent is covering something like College, which leaves its stain on one's very humanity.
Insulting audiences with College and Disaster Movie on the same weekend threatens to split the lucrative, undiscriminating dumb-ass demographic.
College tries to be a throwback to the teens-gone-wild films of the '80s, but now that teens can find far racier and far funnier fare than this on the Internet, these brainless movies have become obsolete.
Pity today's teenage audience. Their latest cinematic temptation is yet another tiresome fraternities-are-wild offering.
The film contains plenty of cliche sight gags, gross-out jokes, sex, beer and college pranks that rarely cause a laugh or chuckle.
In the battle for the hearts, minds and fat wallets of North American teens, College fights dirtier and sinks lower than most gross-out screen comedies.
Friendly yet toothless, College musters little energy even as anarchic-party-movie nostalgia.
Things never get better than the movie's poster, which features a kid with his head in a toilet. Incidentally, that image doubles, concisely, as apt film criticism.
You can do alot worse, but two of the lead actors ruin it for the rest of the class. COLLEGE gets an A for effort, but doesn't quite pass.
Crass, ugly and mean-spirited, 'College' is so lowbrow that it makes 'Porky's' look like 'Casablanca.'
Anybody in the market for a rip-off of Superbad? All it's missing are the likable characters and the good performances! Oh, and the comedy.
The sort of crass, witless, Porky's-style exercise that makes even the worst product of the Judd Apatow factory look like a comic masterpiece.
Zippy, lightweight, raucously silly, and embracing of its well-earned R rating, College doesn't pretend to be deep or anything more than it is: a you-are-there portrayal of three high schoolers let loose on a hard-partying university campus.
As a boring exercise in youthful debauchery, this "College" is no place you'd ever want to go.
The nadir of homophobic frat-boy humor.
No one expects a frat-house comedy to be clean, but there's an obnoxious crudity to this terrible misfire whole thing that leaves you feeling splattered and dirty by the time the inevitable over-the-credits blooper reel rolls.
This low-rent frat house comedy is at once far more vulgar and decidedly less anarchic than its obvious inspiration and should flunk out of theaters before this year's crop of freshman students even finish unpacking their bags.
Hardly superbad, but sorta OK.
Like a fraternity hazing, the film is sexist, gross, and simultaneously homophobic and homoerotic; like a freshman dying of alcohol poisoning, it's not funny in the slightest.
It's difficult to laugh when you're choking back vomit.
Scenes with the boys doing body shots off a furry frat brother in extreme close-up, cleaning overflowing toilets in extreme close-up, and getting nailed with urine-filled balloons might seem like an awesome night at the movies. For me, it was agony.
College is exactly like every other film you have seen in the genre. You definitely shouldn't waste your money to see it theatres but it is worth a cable viewing.

@highlight

A pale imitation of the raunchy frat comedies of old, College aims low and misses.