Diggers is all shell and no neck and belly.
A very detailed portrait of a time and place that is about to change forever. This is a Long Island of 1976 in someone's memory, like a faded Polaroid in an old shoebox.
Intimate '70s indie drama won't interest kids.
It is wholly Good. A pity that it doesn't have any real desire to be Great.
Fresh as today's catch and about as tasty.
The subdued tale is light on plot but heavy on characterization, and the result is a likable effort that benefits greatly from its agreeable cast.
It's okay, but not something that I would dig around for.
It's rather harmless, and it does have it's moments.
A sweet and charming throwback to the ensemble dramas that fueled the cinema of the 1970s and 80s
A rather drab dramedy that, despite the title and some very real virtues, doesn't really dig deep or true enough.
I can't recommend this movie enough.
Smart and sensitive.
Digger culture in a moody group portrait that could just as easily have been called Diggaz, it evokes a heady blend of the pungent scent of surf and stinging wind of disappointed dreams.
When you reach the end of the film, you may find yourself wondering whether these minor pleasures amount to anything more substantial and the sad reality is that they really don't.
As befits a heartfelt ode to working-class values, Diggers puts in lots of hard, honest work that finally pays off in a wholly predictable yet unexpectedly moving conclusion.
The larky spirit of camaraderie lingers long after the haze of the film's many passed joints dissipates.
There are many pleasures to be found in Diggers, and you don't even have to dig for them.
[Manny Lewis] and the rest of an endearing ensemble populate a film that, like their lives, progresses leisurely with a graceful balance of humor and melancholy.
[Director] Dieckmann fails to stage scenes in a compelling manner. Diggers bumps along from trauma to trauma like a clam-digging boat on choppy waters.
No doubt there was hope for a manlier, brinier My Big Fat Greek Wedding. But that had better food -- and better jokes.
Though nothing too earth-shaking happens, the movie is filled with a slew of compelling scenes, strongly performed under director Katherine Dieckmann's discerning eye.
A modestly charming film.
What separates Diggers from its kin -- notably the Ed Burns movies -- is the testosterone balance of its masculine script and Dieckmann's sensitive direction. Maybe we need more buddy movies by women.
Diggers has the conviction to avoid tying things up with a bow and allows us the privilege to imagine where its denizens will go afterward.
Observant as a movie can be about characters who aren't very interesting.
A sweet but supermellow tale that needs a shot of espresso on the side to keep things lively.
Clam diggers don't venture into the deepest waters, and neither, for the most part, does the movie. [It] serves up any number of slight moves, the kind associated with films that keep their gazes narrow and content themselves with small revelations.
I was rooting for the 'Diggers' clan by the time this modest film ended. A talented cast of likable actors can do that for a thin script, and Paul Rudd, Ken Marino, Maura Tierney and Ron Eldard eventually won me over.
The prospect of change is complicated, but Diggers is also a reminder of the powerful simplicity of friendship.
Sweet, but you've seen it many times before. Until then it's a tragicomedy of entropy, a film that wonders what happens to men when they can't do the only thing they know how to.
A scruffy drama about four diggers on Long Island in 1976 who are dragged kicking and screaming into changing their lives.
Meticulously assembled, Diggers shuttles among several major characters with an ease and grace that don't waste a moment of screen time. But it doesn't feel rushed.
just writing this review makes me want to take a nap.
Overall, Diggers is like an Ed Burns movie -- but with fishing gear.
The only way the movie works is if it has charismatic performers to explore these characters, and Diggers does.
Even when the episodic story wanders, the underlying sincerity and good humor of the piece is winning. It's amusing and affecting yet never sentimental.
The best thing in Diggers, besides the close-up of the back end of the Vista Cruiser, is the interplay between Rudd and Tierney.
Never quite breaks out of its talky inertia.
A surprisingly sophisticated ensemble piece from a cast regarded more for being funny than being wise.
Diggers is what it is: human, funny and true to itself. If you even think you might know some of the people in the movie, you probably do.
Sincere and well-done.
Diggers is not a film you watch -- it's a movie you live in, and when time's up you feel the same elegiac sense of loss as do those who realize they have no choice but to move on.
Dude, where's my clam?
[A] small charmer.
It's not a plot-driven piece, but rather an examination of characters and how they are forced to come of age long after they should have.
Marino proves to be quite a decent screenwriter. In a genre that tends to be routine and formulaic, Diggers stands out as something personal and meaningful.
A lethargic film about people who don't seem to care much about anything. It is difficult for the audience to care as well.
Captures the way in which love and feelings about the past can sometimes be conflicted, if not downright irrational.
Contains a dramatic soul, muddied indie-film ease, and pure intention that completely wins you over by the last frame.
This nicely observed dramedy about '70s-era Hamptons clam-diggers hits a dramatic bottleneck.
A movie doesn't have to be unique in order for it to work, and Diggers provides just enough wit, warmth and insight to warrant a visit.
Diggers isn't a bad film, but the underlying premise -- the longing one feels to escape from a dead-end, small town life -- has been so beaten to death in the movies.
Manages to be entertaining while still engaging in an awful lot of soul searching.
A character study with enough low key behavior and adaptation to modest circumstance to dig out a sense of reality, but no risk is taken that might elevate it to something adventurous and memorable.
...a low-key yet thoroughly entertaining drama...
It feels very familiar in conceit and unadventurous in execution, but offers the undeniable pleasures of a well-observed, well-played modest seriocomedy.


@highlight

Though the plot may be familiar, Diggers is just pleasant, charming, and heartwarming enough to make it worth your while.