An embarrassingly toothless and endlessly boring story about characters we barely get to know doing things that are more exciting than they make it seem.
As a piece of entertainment, it's like being dealt a pair of twos: You could certainly do worse, but ...
It's not the cards you play but the people . . . which is why poker movies (in this case Texas Hold'em) are far more interesting than many sports movies
so gossamer thin that it's hard to feel strongly about it one way or the other
There is so little originality here and so much faking it that it hardly justifies critical analysis.
The outcome is never in question, but for fans of the game, even simulated action is preferable to perfunctory drama.
Highly derivative, embarrassingly hollow.
They've got to do something else with these poker movies.
There is more complexity in a sub-par episode of the Teletubbies than in anything to be found in Deal
There are plenty of movies that prove entertaining despite their familiarity; this isn't one of them.
Reynolds doesn't convey any of the lightning bolt insouciance that made him arguably the greatest movie star of the '70s and '80s (really) but rather just stands there.
Success isn't in the cards for this plodding poker drama.
You've got to know when to walk away from a movie like this: right away, and that's only if you can't run.
A raft of pros appear as themselves, but this story will likely seem less exciting than an actual competition.
Deal could use a touch of the slickness that's making the blackjack drama 21 such a greasy hit.
Thoroughly predictable in every way including an obvious ending that tries unsuccessfully to bluff the audience, Deal feels fake and trite.
About now is when a critic would throw in a reference to a low poker hand to compare it to, but Deal can't even rise to a pair of twos.
...a movie making a brief stop at local theaters on its way to DVD bargain bins and cable showings at two in the morning.
Director/co-writer Gil Cates Jr. gives us a by-the-numbers execution of a by-the-numbers story, which would barely be movie-of-the-week material but for [Burt] Reynolds's "star power."
Deal has to take the title of the worst film ever about the game and that includes the how-to videos with Joan Rivers impersonators you see in your Vegas hotel room.
...with production values akin to a 1940s B-movie, the story is derivative, the acting embarrassing.
Cares about poker just a bit more than it cares about the characters, and the movie doesn't give a shit about its characters.
A product of the recent poker craze, this can't compare with the movie that helped launch it, John Dahl's tense Rounders.
Deal is perhaps too briskly paced: The narrative moves along a bit too fleetingly for any genuine character development.
A poker movie that has the dubious honor of being even worse than Lucky You.
Moving slowly these days, Burt Reynolds does less than no acting in this role, and he's still the best thing in Deal.
In terms of cashing in on poker mania, Deal is so late to the party that it's actually late to the apartment where the guy who threw the party used to live.
Deal is fatally earnest: It honestly believes it's the first poker film to have a mentor character tell his young protégé that success in cards is similar to success in life.
A movie made solely to promote an internet poker site. You have seen this movie many times before.
As a poker diversion, "Deal" should pass the time, but if you're hoping for a dramatically rewarding piece of filmmaking, your odds are better with a different movie.
It's quite possible that I still would have been bored out of my mind during Deal even if I cared a lick about poker.
Deal recycles every nuance of every underdog sports movie -- from Rocky to Rudy to Invincible -- but not well. Burt Reynolds plays a mysterious stranger like he needs a three-year nap.
The film has more of a checklist of clichés than an actual script and, when it comes to the cast, director Gil Cates Jr. is scraping the bottom of the barrel.



@highlight

Employing multiple cinematic clichés and milking stale performances, Deal proves inadequate for even the lowly regarded poker movie genre.