A quirky film that's served well by its great cast, but not enough to impress me that it had any depth.
An unlikeable main character and a weak narrative flow turn Hesher into a mediocre film.
Perhaps more interesting than outright entertaining, Hesher is something of an acquired taste.
Fortunately, there's enough humor in all this to counteract the exploitation of weird logic and audacious coincidence.
Susser cowrote the script, which relies on moments of profanity and impulsive violence to elicit terse little laughs and a melodramatic backstory to signal emotional resonance.
Powered by a character at once original and representational, Hesher courses with a unique verve missing in many independent productions, hovering somewhere between outright success and 'interesting failure.'
Since [Gordon-Levitt's] one of the most energetic and inventive young actors in the business, you can't take your eyes off him. Unfortunately, the quality of the material makes you wish you could.
Headbangs straight into your heart.
While it arrives decorated with cooler hair and a louder soundtrack, it still sticks to the "Unusual Outsider Teaches Middle-Class People What It Means to Really Live" template.
Gordon-Levitt ... gets to play the opposite of his usual put-upon nice-guy roles - and he runs with it, to the point of making Hesher downright scary a lot of the time. The rest of the cast keeps up with him, in their less flashy roles.
The strength of Hesher is its acting. Joseph Gordon-Levitt is back to drawing on his natural power as an actor. He's skilled at creating absorbing human trainwrecks.
... a promising concept gradually morphs into a predictable indie flick.
Joseph Gordon-Levitt must be especially glad for this film to see the light of day, because his performance is award-worthy, a complete inhabiting of as unique a personality as you'll encounter in film.
...darkly funny and refreshingly blunt, giving a big middle finger to conventionality, and offering a rebel yell that's hard to ignore.
Some indie films seem to exist as exercises in strangeness, just to see how far they can go-and how long audiences will watch before screaming and running up the aisles. I stuck with Hesher till...
Director/co-scenarist Spencer Susser has a definite feel for Hesher and T.J.'s little corner of the world.
Happily, Hesher never lays things out too clearly. Just as you never know where he came from, it's hard to grasp where he's going, or even what he's doing in the moment. But you know he fits somewhere. And that's satisfaction enough.
Like a knock-off of Chuck Palahniuk produced by people raised only on Sundance films, "Hesher" is a mess.
Hesher himself [is] a mysterious, magnetic, repellent, and alluring figure... It's quite an astonishing performance by Joseph Gordon-Levitt.
Gordon-Levitt is a sly and inventive actor, and it can be genuinely fun to watch him having so much fun. But this character wears out his welcome fast.
In his feature directorial debut, Spencer Susser establishes a deadpan, lost, grungy quality, the perfect place where a creature like Hesher (Joseph Gordon-Levitt) might have evolved.
[Susser] keeps us on our toes, and even when his choices seem flashier than they need to be, there's a reason for them.
Rather than a character rooted in some sort of reality -- social, satirical, psychological, take your pick -- Hesher is an abstract notion animated by false energy.
Bad role models sometimes make the most interesting movie characters.
Unlike many films that hope to be called black comedy, it does not skimp on either the black or the comedy.
When the blessed credits finally roll, the first thing Susser shows us is Hesher's tattoo of a raised middle finger. Backatcha, dude.
At a future date, when some grad student writes a thesis on 'Wild Men of the Subconscious in Popular Culture,' there will certainly be a special place for 'Hesher.' Just as long as it stays there and is never in front of my eyes again.
A dark, weird, and wholly unique comedy that uses a bucketful of obscenity to help the sweetness go down.
Beyond the fact that Hesher is a character to be despised instead of admired, Hesher is distanced from its characters and their situation in its apathy toward them.
"Hesher" is about as awful as independent films get, a mix of ugliness and unearned sentiment, with a flat story, repellent and pathetic characters and dialogue that consists of lots of stammering and cursing.
Susser, who wrote the film with David Michod, has a kinetic filmmaking style and an impish, crash-and-burn sense of humor that keeps sentiment at bay long enough to let us appreciate the loose, uncomplicated performances...
Hesher is a muddle of inchoate feelings that never really grasps the clichés to which it raises its middle finger.
As played by the spectacular Joseph Gordon-Levitt, Hesher is the id run rampant. Even when the script edges him into Hallmark sentiment, you can't take your eyes off him.
A grim little drama that seems to exist in order to give the talented Joseph Gordon-Levitt and Natalie Portman a chance to look extra-scruffy.
As equal parts tough, touching and resolute as the renegade saving-grace of the title, "Hesher" is an uncommonly perceptive cinematic revolution.
[Gordon-Levitt gives] a fearsome and giddily unhinged performance in a movie that isn't entirely sure what to do with it.
"Hesher" assembles a group of characters who aren't sure why they're in the same movie together.
Fit for the scrap heap which provides one of the heavy-handed visual motifs here.
Not even Mr. Gordon-Levitt's unremittingly savage performance can begin to salvage such hokum.
What does he want? Where does he come from? Director Spencer Susser appears too intoxicated by the title character to risk peering beyond the enigmatic surface for fear of losing some of his mystery, as mystery is all Hesher has.
One by one the wheels start to come off, and before it's over you're working on your own metaphors for when the film fell apart instead of cleaving to those Susser is half-committing to the screen.
It's unflinching stuff, and might have worked if there were a reason for any of it. Levitt, Portman and Wilson work hard to infuse the film with some likeability.
the film really picks up whenever Gordon-Levitt appears
Hesher has its genuinely affecting scenes, but too much of the time it feels false and shallow.
As director Spencer Susser's movie unfolds, the heart reveals itself to be less and less sentimental.
The performances, especially by Wilson and Laurie as the grandmother, keep Susser's earnest effort afloat. Consider it a promise of things to come.
Writer-director Spencer Susser and cowriter David Michod generate fresh hells at a surreally rapid clip but cop out with an incongruously sentimental ending.
Joseph Gordon-Levitt is riveting as the title character, an ambiguous, intriguing mentor/menace.
Director Spencer Susser doesn't try to make Hesher anything other than a sociopath - a walking, profanity-spewing id - and to his credit, neither does Gordon-Levitt.
Artifice is rodeo clowning for the script's flaws, with huge gaps of character development lost to a film that would rather stay on Hesher and his staring contests than tell a full-throated story.
Hesher's such a mystery that he seems like a device (bong hits with Grandma, really?), and the same goes double for [Portman's character].
Hesher is funny and off-kilter without being cloying, and Gordon-Levitt gives an appealingly unpredictable performance.
Impressive influences all, but Susser's first film feels like an original -- imperfect but often fresh and true, and a worthy showcase for a star on the rise.
Hesher, whose arrival on screen is almost always heralded by a demonic speed-metal riff, is a delinquent sociopath with a heart of gold. That's the false, rather cloying concept behind this smug indie dud...
Warts and all, "Hesher" is still a good shot in the arm.
Hesher finds uncommon sympathy for people at loose ends, and although Hesher himself is sentimentalized and backhandedly inspiring, he never softens into an actual role model.
Only the great Piper Laurie delivers dollar value. Otherwise, Hesher is to movies what graffiti is to a rotting fence.
Sundancey redemption-trajectory aside, the film is often unsentimentally tough and committed.
...Gordon-Levitt and Piper Laurie make for one of the year's most intriguing screen couples.
Gordon-Levitt has an expressive deadpan, marvelous control of his eyebrows and an air of menace. His lean, leathery physique and flat-footed gait convey purpose.
The movie's piling on of miseries blurs the boundaries of goopy sincerity and cynical marketing; the calculated dose of daring melts into hearts-and-flowers sentiment.
The guitar solos blasting from Joseph Gordon-Levitt's sullen, arson-prone wasteoid's van can't drown out the dominant bleat of indie-therapy whine.
Dangerous, immoral and just plain wrong at parts, and that makes it fantasy. I don't even think it's wish fulfillment. It's just putting bold concepts on screen and asking audiences to deal with them.
[VIDEO] "Hesher" is an experimental film that attempts to be transgressive. It isn't.
Fascinating in its shaggy, offbeat way.
It manages to succeed with a pastiche of great casting and an unapologetic slant towards being anti-touchy-feely. Until it needs to be.
Moviegoers will have to admit the movie is true to itself.
Gordon-Levitt's Hesher is raw destruction and aggro comedy punctuated with a blast of crunching metal.
exactly the kind of film I was hoping I'd see at Sundance
Hesher is a risky gambit that's pleasingly provocative.
The problem with the script by Susser and David Michod, working from a story by Brian Charles Frank, is that Hesher's uncouth behavior is so aggressively pushed to single-minded, crudely exploitative effect.


@highlight

It has a dark sense of humor and a refreshing lack of sentimentality, but like its title character, Hesher isn't really interested in going anywhere.