If only the filmmakers could have made it less tedious and more entertaining, then we might have actually cared about the characters. In the end, "The Bounty Hunter" is a forgettable film that offers no reward.
It's one thing for the leads to not share believable romantic chemistry, and then there's the rather sad and lazy display Aniston and Butler put on here, not even striking believable negative vibes as a divorced couple.
As a lousy mystery and lousier romantic comedy, The Bounty Hunter is two bad films in one.
An expensive, low-rent, overlong, tired romantic action-comedy.
The Bounty Hunter has what is arguably the most awful 'meet-cute' in the history of cinema.
full review at Movies for the Masses
The Bounty Hunter makes The Ugly Truth look like the right stuff.
Film koji se mo%u017Ee usporediti s Giglijem, holivudskim gnojivom koje i dan danas izaziva traume kod filmofila
This awkward hybrid of action comedy and romantic comedy was hatched in the marketing department, not conceived by storytellers.
It's becoming increasingly clear that Gerard Butler should probably stay as far away from the romcom genre as possible...
The Bounty Hunter has already been done before and better. It was called Midnight Run.
I don't just hand out zeroes becuase I'm having a bad day. I really tried to like this movie. But it's one of the most boring, awful films so far in 2010.
Aniston's comic gifts haven't deserted her, but her judgment may have.
The Bounty Hunter is the rom-com equivalent of magnolia paint. Bland, bland, bland.
The Bounty Hunter is supposed to be a romantic comedy-action movie hybrid - Hepburn and Tracy in Midnight Run - but it fails all genre requirements.
There isn't a surprise to be had. There isn't a moment that isn't telegraphed. There isn't a time when you couldn't toss some tea leaves and, regardless of your skills in that specialized area, know exactly what's coming next.
Even considered as no more than an assembly-line Hollywood product, The Bounty Hunter falls well below factory standards.
The movie breaks out the usual clichés of the genre ... There is absolutely no chemistry on screen between Butler and Aniston, and the movie is utterly forgettable
It's a little sad that in 2010 we still have dated films like this, but some movies are just 'critic proof' comfort food. You know exactly what you are going to get and that's what you pay for.
Hunter shoots and misses.
Lots of hammy faces, hollow jokes and property damage do not a farce make
The woeful shell of a romantic comedy, a motionless movie which shows no attempt to do anything but point a camera at shapely Aniston.
Finally we get a movie with the Jennifer Aniston we knew and loved on "Friends." This movie is about Rachel Green ten years later.
There's so little chemistry between the two, they might as well have cast Mick Fleetwood and Samantha Fox and had done with it.
Did no one notice this thing was lying on the floor like a landed fish while they were making the film?
Given the amount of Botox on display, would a little Viagra have hurt?
You know it's bad when a caper comedy makes you long for the Goldie Hawn-Chevy Chase showcases of yore...
With fellow rom-com queen Sandra Bullock taking up Oscar-winning serious acting, it's nice to know Aniston is not giving up her crown anytime soon.
There cannot be many of these back-of-the-envelope-cutesy ideas for rom-coms left.
The romantic pairing of brawny Gerard Butler and wispy Jennifer Aniston is a sight for sore eyes but makes for sore brains long before the end of Andy Tennant's rom-com.
The blend of romantic comedy and road movie is an awkward match, and isn't helped by a stodgy script and the fact that Butler has little in the way of comic timing.
The Bounty Hunter fails to locate any laughs or charm over two punishing hours as its chemistry-free leads, Gerard Butler and Jennifer Aniston, mug their way through two of the worst performances they've ever given.
The perfect watch if you don't fancy a challenge. Any sort of challenge at all.
Neither explosive enough for lovers of action, soppy enough for those who want romance, or funny enough for comedy fans, this is a film that inhabits some kind of movie limbo.
Almost unimaginably, the mystery surrounding Aniston's bail-jumping is even more poorly manufactured than the 'romance' and the 'comedy'...
Another largely forgettable, factory-line girl-falling-out-with-then-making-up-with-boy vehicle.
The sad thing is good romantic comedies are on the endangered species list. The Bounty Hunter proves the point.
The lame finale makes a TV crime show look like something construed by Stephen Hawking. If Hawking could explain why this waste of time was ever greenlit, we might find a reason to understand the universe once again.
I'm actually yawning as I type this.
I like Jennifer Aniston, but heaven knows what attracted her to this junk.
Not so much a comedy thriller as a case of arrested development.
Neither the former sitcom star nor the washboard-abed Scotsman is served well here.
How could anyone not be interested in a film combining the talents of the auteur of "Hitch " and "Fool's Gold," the author of "Twisted" and two stars who couldn't generate anything resembling chemistry if they were working in a meth lab?
A great time killer for anybody who needs help being bored.
'The Bounty Hunter' is a fast-paced, action-packed romantic comedy. I'm surprised at how much I enjoyed it, especially after seeing those underwhelming previews.
Cynically conceived, unfunny, non-romantic sludge.
a tedious slog through tidy coincidences
Overstays its welcome and ends up as one of the most unfunny, vapid and nauseatingly convoluted romcoms in recent memory. The lively supporting cast at least helps to keep you briefly awake.
The Bounty Hunter's trailer covers everything you need to know about the movie.
Time-frittering, money-wasting trifle. Bail on this obnoxious odd couple.
There are lots of scenic shots of Atlantic City. The movie satisfies audience expectations of fun and laughter, making for an enjoyable date night outing.
Piles on distraction after pointless distraction of subplot in an attempt to divert attention away from how formulaic and predictable the main plot is.
Gerard Butler once again demonstrates that his comedic instincts are roughly on par with those of a great white shark.
Is Aniston impervious to good scripts? Corny, predictable story, no chemistry between the stars and Aniston hides her face with her hair.
The Bounty Hunter marks a new low and a new genre: the bail-bondage rom-com.
Averagely routine, routinely average romcom.
A real dog...another in the apparently endless stream of rotten road-movie rom-coms being cranked out by Hollywood.
There'll be worse films released in 2010 -- but not many.
Stereotypes and minor violence arrest this dull rom-com.
If Jennifer Aniston and Gerard Butler are indeed a real-life couple, The Bounty Hunter may be designed to keep the paparazzi off their trail
[A] boring, overlong mess.
This appallingly unfunny rom-com is a crime against comedy. Lock it up and throw away the key.
Death, taxes, Gerard Butler. Wish them away all you like: still they befall us.
Even worse than the trailers make it look...
The story of a bail enforcer who captures his newspaper-reporter ex-wife manages to be both formulaic and patchwork, with whatever twinkles that exist between the stars eclipsed by the overall crudeness.
If you've seen the trailer, you already know more or less everything that occurs, complexity not being one of the film's strengths.
The film is stuffed with these idiosyncratic micro-roles (I loved Siobhan Fallon Hogan as the bondsman's secretary), which prove more diverting than the two main characters.
Send Hollywood a message, and do not see this film.
The latest evidence that, when it comes to romantic combat, we live in a more thoughtlessly brutal age than our ancestors did.
Even by the low standards of today's romantic comedy, this is a black mark on everyone's resume.
At points, the film sinks below the level of competent: A stupid plot trick early on is so badly edited that it takes another minute to figure out what's supposed to be going on.
...plays less like a genuine story than as a series of 'beats' engineered for the cheapest possible audience responses.
The Bounty Hunter works as a just-fun-enough action-comedy that is exactly the movie you think it is.
Maybe the two are doing the horizontal mambo in real life, but the heat doesn't come through on screen (and I don't think they are good enough actors to hide it).
More remarkable for the glistening sex appeal of the leading actors than anything found in the excruciatingly labored script, Bounty Hunter is an empty calorie, brain dead waste of time.
There are two parallel stories: Milo's and Nicole's on-again, off-again relationship, and those guys with guns who keep shooting at them. We know exactly how the first one is going to end and we don't care about the second.
The putrid result never rises even to the lofty heights of mediocrity.
This week's entry in the neverending circle of watered-down, mid-range, completely unmemorable Hollywood comedies.
Someday, The Bounty Hunter and last month's Cop Out will be featured in a cable movie double bill as the two worst 1988 films of 2010.
The Bounty Hunter is a good concept gone horrifically wrong. There are maybe three laughs in this unnecessarily complicated comedy that almost runs two hours.
I hated this movie. It's lazy, it's annoying, and it lasts a lifetime at 110 minutes.
The filmmakers clearly believe that their tangled storyline is madcap and delightful, but each new complication just serves to make us feel as though the blessed end of the movie is creeping further and further away.
The film, co-starring big hunk of man-candy Gerard Butler and a notably bronzed and toned Jennifer Aniston, is depressingly programmatic, however easy on the eyes these two stars might be.
When I go to a movie, I take notes about things that interest me or that I like or that stick out. So it's not a good sign that I emerged from The Bounty Hunter with almost nothing written in my notebook.
A so-so movie that confuses loving closeups of Aniston's golden highlights with a character, and stripped-to-the-six-pack shots of Butler with a plot.
As a romantic comedy, it is ceaselessly unpleasant enough to make anyone consider the allure of living the rest of his or her days in asexual solitude.
I didn't think I'd see a romantic comedy this year as deadly as Did You Hear About the Morgans?, but Bounty Hunter proved me wrong.
The story is a poorly conceived comedic thriller that, frankly, no one could have saved.
Strictly by-the-numbers, cookie-cutter, Hollywood production-line crap barely worthy of a legitimate theatrical release.
This is premium-grade convoluted Hollywood rubbish.
The better written role and, no surprise, the better performance, goes to Butler, who proves himself a fine comedian.
Parental Content Review
This is that category of movie that exists to be perpetually playing on airplanes. When the pilot interrupts to tell you to look out the window you won't miss anything.
Aniston and Butler can't seem to muster any believable chemistry. A lot of mugging happens, but no magic.
Despite several attempts at jokes and the stars' tremendous efforts to pull funny faces, the script fails miserably to entertain; most of the dialogue is tiresome bickering between our two leads.
When it comes to Aniston, maybe it's simply time to settle and stop asking her to be The Good Girl anymore -- perky just might be as good as it gets.
These two characters are so aggressively irritating and unlikable, the world would be better off with both of them behind bars.
As cold and calculating as the heart of a Hollywood accountant, The Bounty Hunter is the caper comedy that keeps on taking.
Exacerbating the lack of chemistry between Aniston and Butler, for a movie that is represented as a romcom thriller, it is neither funny nor romantic nor thrilling.
Aniston isn't the world's greatest actress, but the main reason The Bounty Hunter stinks is the script.
The story, like the movie, is pretty uninteresting and easily forgotten.
Butler...is stuck here playing kind of a jerk, so it's hard for him and Aniston to work up much chemistry, particularly as she's busy racing from the law in a pencil skirt and heels (easily the movie's most impressive stunt).
Tennant aims for a contemporary version of The Thin Man, wedding the banter of sparring spouses with sleuth work. To say that he falls short of the mark is understatement.
A romantic comedy is built from the relationship of its leads, and all The Bounty Hunter has to work with are blank stares.
After the appalling romantic comedies...that kicked off the year, "The Bounty Hunter" doesn't look so bad, but really, the best thing I can say about it is that it's serviceable.
Does Columbia Pictures know that a reality-television program with a similar name already exists on A&E? Is it wrong to find that show funnier and more romantic?
A battle of the sexes comedy that is ludicrous and scattered.
Note to Jennifer Aniston: stop playing with your hair! That's not acting, it's playing with your hair.
Based on the onscreen evidence, not a single person in front of or behind the camera cared a whit about how The Bounty Hunter turned out.
Though no Lois Lane, Aniston's reporter on the run can claim an extreme sexpot mom (Christine Baranski) who has a thing or two to teach her about taming the male species. And expect lots of not especially kinky handcuffs.
Yes, it's every bit as brainless as the trailers suggest.
Perhaps tracking down the folks responsible for this film should be Milo's next assignment.
Inexplicably, Butler continues to get work in romantic comedies despite his limited range and boorish persona.
On the soundtrack, Jerry Reed sings "She Got the Goldmine (I Got the Shaft)." Viewers will know exactly the same feeling.
...an odd, timid movie, unsure of its actors and how to use them.
Butler and Aniston, earning zero laughs, can't even bicker with any heat; Jessica Simpson and John Mayer would see this (separately) and say, 'You call that resentment?'
This genre has devolved to the point where what I appreciate most, in the end, is simply not cringing.
I stared with glazed eyes at The Bounty Hunter. Here is a film with no need to exist.
Aniston and Butler mysteriously rustle up just enough chemistry in this simplistic rom-com to make it enjoyable.
Disappointing, frequently dull and painfully unfunny romcom that's let down by a badly written script, obnoxious characters and a total lack of chemistry between Butler and Aniston.
As formula films go, The Bounty Hunter is more enjoyable than most, even if it packs in as many cliches as any.
In The Bounty Hunter, the couple that foils a bunch of tiresome grade-C thriller goons together stays together. Whether or not that's a recipe for love, it's certainly not a formula for romantic-comedy magic.
There are no rewards to be claimed for enduring The Bounty Hunter.
The Bounty Hunter has little to offer besides some face-time with handsome stars.
Silliness prevails in this lame thriller comedy.
A stark example of misbegotten chemistry and its resultant pitfalls.
Aniston doesn't bring her old A-game to this. But at least she's not quiet and reserved and no-energy, her approach to too many roles of late.
It's slim pickings for discerning movie lovers and is never smart enough, sexy enough or funny enough to be memorable.
















@highlight

Gerard Butler and Jennifer Aniston remain as attractive as ever, but The Bounty Hunter 's formula script doesn't know what to do with them -- or the audience's attention.