The film has certain old-school pleasures. Director James McTeigue's approach is refreshingly back-to-basics.
You began to wonder just how many times Shaun would think of an idea only to have a crook come up with another idea. Like playing tic-tac-toe.
Union proves that she's a fighter and a survivor above all else, and that she can look damned good while doing it. She can save the motherly stuff for another time.
The tone of this film is all over the place. The actors feel as if they are in very different movies.
Should have been Die Hard in a McMansion, but this Mother's Day-coinciding release - an obviously intended paean to fierce moms - unfortunately dies easily.
'Breaking In' is a lackluster thriller.
Does she get to say: "You broke into the wrong house"? You bet she does.
Some stylish direction can't compensate for some massive logical gaps and eye-rolling twists.
A ratty little thriller that knows just how trashy is the right amount of trashy.
Action hero may not be what [Gabrielle] Union does best, but her versatility stands her in good enough stead; here's hoping this potboiler makes enough money to bring her vehicles more worthy of her.
Union's Shaun Russell may not possess the superhuman powers of Wonder Woman, but she's a formidable adversary nonetheless, a fearsome warrior armed with a fierce maternal instinct serving as both a weapon and a shield.
What a waste of Union, who has been a good soldier in crap movies for a long time, obviously deserving a better opportunity than this to show us what she's made of.
Breaking In feels like an entire movie constructed around a couple of lines of dialogue that someone fervently hoped would become memes.
James McTeigue's downward spiral into total irrelevance continues with Breaking In...
It's great to see Gabrielle Union at the centre of an action movie for a change, delivering a performance that's far more nuanced than it needs to be.
Billy Burke has the dark screen charisma for a good villain, but the mind games between his character and Union's won't get pulses racing like, say, Don't Breathe, Panic Room or - going all the way back - Wait Until Dark.
Gabrielle Union excels in middling home invasion thriller.
It is not the story of a strong, triumphant mom. It's not even a subversion of home invasion thrillers. It's a dull, tiresome series of inexplicable events and familiar clichés.
For a film being advertised as a kind of twisted tongue-in-cheek option for Mother's Day, "Breaking In" will leave most audiences thinking there are better ways to show affection for Mom.
This is a middle-of-the-road slog that should have been directly consigned to late-night TV a few hundred channels down the satellite listings.
Breaking In feels a bit like one of those straight-to-video 80s B-thrillers you'd find at the bottom of a bargain bin on a rainy Monday night and think twice about renting.
McTeigue has made one of those films in which the final twists and turns make you groan wearily, as you realise you're not as near the end as you hoped you were.
It's the sort of movie that only plays well on HBO at 2 a.m., after roughly 10 wings and 20 beers have been consumed.
Too many unanswered questions and not enough character development.
This is not an original concept and I have seen this "mom must fight for her kids" story before, many times.
Just in time for Mother's Day comes a thrill-free, home-invasion thriller about a mom (Gabrielle Union) who'll stop at nothing to keep four bad guys from killing her two kids. Buy a ticket to this dull, dim-witted con job and you'll want to break out.
Basically meets the minimum acceptable standards for this type of movie. But don't go out of your way to see it; there'll probably be another one just like it in a week or two.
Union is committed and convincing, but the script apparently never met a cliche it didn't want to adopt wholesale.
Writer Ryan Engle did Non-Stop (psycho on a plane) & The Commuter (psycho on a train). This is psychos (plural) in a home. Boring movie but gratefully, no Liam Neeson.
The film does have a very smart hero in Gabrielle Union, who makes refreshing choices...besides that, this is a throwaway, disposable thriller.
Gabrielle Union plays a mother named Shaun in a role that finally allows the actress to attack all the Black women stereotypes that have suffocated almost every role she's taken since 1993.
The only thing missing is the Rube Goldberg element. We love watching the underdog outsmart the bad guys, but we need to see the engineering acumen, the MacGyver spirit hooking up with the Rambo passion.
There's very little about this one that's even moderately exciting.
[It is] all cheap ploys to pump up suspense with little interest in using such stakes to build this dramatic thriller into something more interesting.
Union is appealing, and Burke's calm simmer is fun, but otherwise this violent home invasion thriller is a dull pack of cliches; not one idea hasn't been used before in 100 other movies.
On principle alone, it's nice to see heroism portrayed in its most foundational sense - by way of a terrified and increasingly fed up mother just in time for Mother's Day this weekend. But we deserved something more than this.
Breaking In is the story of a mom forced to protect her children from bad men in a setup that should be Mother's Day's Straw Dogs, yet often plays more like Home Alone with less tension.
Gabrielle Union gets to sink her teeth into a fierce, determined character. However, the potential inherent in the idea of a high-tech house is barely taken advantage of.
This perfunctory home-invasion flick can't whip up much suspense, and it strains for a feminism that it doesn't know how to engage. But Gabrielle Union's movie-star charisma shines through.
[Gabrielle] Union never succumbs to campy theatrics. She's one cool mother doing what she has to do, which is taking care of business and cleaning house.
It's one of those flicks I kept rooting for to work and be better. It never really rose above mediocrity. (Full Content Review for Parents - Violence, Profanity, etc. - also Available)
James McTeigue has a fleet, efficient visual style that keeps the suspense set pieces percolating.
The bad guys in Breaking In make the Wet Bandits from Home Alone look like Ocean's 11.
Breaking bad...
Instead of a roller coaster ride, the production offers the chance to watch paint dry while it figures out how to take a familiar but potentially ruthless plot and do next to nothing with it.
There is a familiarity to its characters and story, which doesn't do much at all in terms of reinventing the genre, but very much meets its own expectations.
"Breaking In" is broken.
BREAKING IN is a silly, but enjoyable excursion...
James McTeigue's Breaking In is the sort of incompetently constructed thriller that gives B movies a bad name.
Without suspense, all the audience has to go on are the plot mechanics, which are no great shakes, and the characters, which are paper-thin.
Breaking In is derivative, banal and devoid of tension.
Actor/producer Union's motivation to make this discount home invasion thriller is clear, but it fails to equal (or elevate) her talents.
Breaking In mirrors the incompetence of its crooks, in the sense that it doesn't feel like much thought went into plotting it out.
Breaking In is a clever twist on the home invasion genre, with a dynamic lead performance by Gabrielle Union as a mother protecting her family.
For those seeking a few mindless thrills, unlike the bandits, you've come to the right place.
Here's hoping there's an action thriller in the pipeline that makes better use of Union's talents.
A satisfactory if standard home invasion thriller, 'Breaking In' is anchored by its lead actress but fails to take its premise and characters to the next level.
Union certainly dedicates herself to all the huffing, running, jumping and emoting, though her efforts never counter Breaking In's aura of trashiness and disposability.
By not making a whole movie worthy of what Union is throwing down, it features a breakout wrapped up in a break-in.
You wish for a few moments of camp or silliness to modulate the dynamics of this lean thriller.
For what it is, the movie almost works.
A by-the-book drama which relies so heavily on happenstance, it's almost a character in the film.
Yes, there's no higher purpose behind the movie, just an ambition to make you enjoy being uneasy. Still, in its very limited way, "Breaking In" could be called some kind of a good movie.
A "badass mom" movie so sloppily executed that it only serves to illustrate how little nuance and backstory we afford our badass movie moms compared to our badass movie dads.
The twists and turns are plentiful and effective, but mostly humdrum movie material. Only an early scene, in which Shaun stabs one of the intruders with a broken piece of wineglass, stands out as an ingenious bit of genre play.
Basically Panic Room in reverse, but less clever and thrilling than that Jodie Foster and Kristen Stewart yarn.
A paint-by-the-numbers plot still leads to an entertaining picture in "Breaking In." Here, you get what you expect, but it's a little better than you may have anticipated.
Union gives us a heroine we can get behind, but the lack of anything resembling an original idea ultimately tries the patience.
If I were faced with a violent ex-con, I would not mock his dialogue. But from the safety of a movie theater, these guys are laughable.
The best reason to see 'Breaking In' is to watch Gabrielle Union embrace her inner John McClane.
Breaking In keeps the pace up, the pressure on and the action fairly plausible.
This film makes audiences wish they were seeing the David Fincher movie that Gabrielle Union (who is admirably giving it her all) thinks she's starring in.
A thin, silly premise stretched out to an hour and half through the unlikeliest of twists...a cat-and-mouse game in which the cats seem about as adept as Sylvester chasing Tweety or Tom stalking Jerry.
By no means is Breaking In a good movie, but it's a fun version of a bad one if only in its refusal to waste any of your time on illusions of grandeur.
In the end, the only real suspense comes from seeing whether the film can stretch its wafer-thin premise and paucity of ideas out to a full 90 minutes - and at 88 minutes with credits, even there it comes up short.
"Breaking In"? More like "Gimme a break."
This viewer caught himself giggling at just how well it was working.
A stirring performance from Gabrielle Union elevates this predictable home invasion thriller.
A "ticking clock" thriller in which nobody in the movie or on the set can tell time. Apparently.

@highlight

Breaking In is proof that Gabrielle Union deserves more leading roles -- particularly in films that offer more than this rote, disposable action thriller.