A quiet, moving character study, Off the Map never drifts into genre predictability and features uniformly excellent acting and sharp one-liners from screenwriter Joan Ackerman.
You'll get more entertainment value by staring into your refrigerator than you will by watching this meandering meditation on what it means to be unclear on any concept you can dream up as you sleep through the movie.
A unique and quietly memorable multi-character study.
I should point out that one character that makes the biggest impact is the landscape itself.
[Off the Map] takes time to breathe, to savor the present and not get bogged down in all the little things that often dominate our attention.
Scott lets the story take its own time, revealing its secrets in its own special way.
Off the Map ... is a movie you soak in and examine, like a painting in an art gallery. You study its shades and lines so you can appreciate the work as a whole.
Quiet and quirky, yet refreshingly unpretentious, Off the Map is a welcome sojourn in a place that seems strange, yet entirely familiar.
[A] lovely film, which hardly ever makes a move that feels wrong.
...eloquently written but not overwritten, with a story that ultimately feels less like a literary construct and more like a spontaneous celebration of a few lived lives...
You can't get past the knowledge that you've seen it all before, and often better.
Off The Map's landscape is intermittently engaging.
A poetically rugged demonstration of these hypotheses, in which nature and human nature are shown to be variations of the same thing.
A journey into an austere land of moviemaking where few artists dare go.
Its distinctive rhythms and off-kilter humor introduce us to some intriguing people and make us eager to find out what will happen to them.
The stunning, almost scarily beautiful New Mexico landscape plays such a pivotal role that it ought to be listed in the credits right below Sam Elliott's name.
Actually, Scott's drab family drama is easy to find. It's located somewhere on the border between tedious and terrible.
Off the Map requires a bit of patience and a willingness to let the story come to you, but it's worth the wait.
There's very scant plot here; rather, it feels like a sort of escapist fantasy for celebrities in the big city who get tired of all the people surrounding them.
It's so focused on the subject that the downer mood becomes distressingly contagious.
Despite some florid narration it is quietly spoken, humorous, quick with sympathy.
Surprisingly enjoyable and insightful, full of hope and generosity, with characters and a story that not only satisfy but also shed light in various directions.
It's supposed to invite you in, and it does, with eccentric characters, soft stories and a sense of spare solidity that feels more true than precious.
Meandering and quirky, it's a pensive meditation with stunning cinematography by Juan Ruiz Ancha, who has brilliantly captured the endless blue skies that inspire so many.
Sam Elliott is depressed in New Mexico. I was depressed in Las Vegas watching this film.
Scott's directorial hand is light but sure, totally trusting of his actors and script, patiently building and sustaining a mood and tone that's always true to the material, devoid of any showing off or intrusive humor, and infused with a tangible honesty
Despite an often stunning sense of time and place, it can't escape some fatally stage-bound dialogue.
A quirky, involving film filled with wonderful performances.
There are simply too many people populating this comedy-drama, which keeps introducing more and more story elements until there isn't enough time to sufficiently tie them all up.
Its story meanders and doesn't build, and the pace is deadly, dictated by the rhythms of deep-feeling actors and not by a director with an urgent interest in the narrative. Then again, what narrative?
A disconnected, implausible story that aims for a tone of magic realism and falls short on both counts.
It's hard not to like a movie in which a mother tells her daughter: 'Come help me finish skinning the bear, and we'll have a picnic.'
Flat, pointless rambling film made worse by an adolescent talking like she walked in from a Theater of the Absurd production.
If you've ever stood under a night sky and felt the earth turning beneath you -- and felt insignificant and elated at the same time -- Campbell Scott has your number.
Proves a case of some very good actors crossing the boundary from the region of off-beat domestic drama into the dread realm of preciousness and pretension.
What Off the Map lacks in originality, it makes up for with its excellent cast and Scott's lyrical imagery.
If you're not a Joan Allen fan going into Campbell Scott's offbeat dramedy Off the Map, you will be by the time the lights come up.
In spite of being shot in the sun-saturated desert landscapes of New Mexico, Off the Map feels half-baked.
Off the Map doesn't defy description. It is, however, shortchanged by it. This is a film that must be allowed to cast its hypnotic spell on its own terms.
A beautifully acted, almost magical-realist tone poem about family and memory.
Ms. Ackerman writes graceful dialogue and strong characters, while Mr. Scott, directing his third feature, has an actor-turned-director's regard for both the dialogue and the characterization.
This beautiful film plays out at the speed of life, evoking memories of To Kill A Mockingbird, with brilliant performances that dazzle us quietly.
I laughed, I cried, I'm recommending!
Players bring a fresh spirit to the mix, borne of a fervent desire to live life to the fullest.
At the film's center lies a nicely detailed consideration of gender expectations.
The actors are sort of stuck on screen without much of a story to pull the viewer along, and some fare better than others.
Has the feel of a coming-of-age novel.
This is a character study more than a forward-moving drama, plopped down with exquisite photographic care in a beautiful New Mexico desert, and starring good actors who make a feast of their flavorful roles.
I never wanted it to end, wanted to just crawl into the warm, comfortable lap of the movie and stay there forever.
The quietly eccentric characters in "Off The Map" come off as genuine, fascinating, and extremely likeable people.
Richly literary while never being compelling or convincing.
I think Campbell Scott's a talented filmmaker, very good cast, but the story up and down and up and down and all around.
It has some smart, fine-tuned performances and is directed by Campbell Scott, who is a smart, fine-tuned actor himself, so there you go.
The Land of Enchantment lives up to its name in this unusual and surprisingly affecting comedy-drama.
It takes a rugged survivalist mentality to sit through 108 minutes of Off the Map.
You'll find some fine performances and good intentions.
Scott gives the film a gradual but ever-deepening pace and inspires first-rate performances from his cast.
If it's not the best example of a film's adaptation of a play -- well, it's a fine example of what independent, idiosyncratic filmmaking is all about.
Staged hokiness is magnified on the big screen.
Perhaps the most evocative movie of the new year.
Scott's work as a director lacks the sense of vivid urgency he's displayed as an actor.
Campbell Scott has made sure that every frame of this lushly beautiful film reflects the potent, almost mystical, effect the region's plateaus, canyons and deserts have on their human inhabitants.
There's a collective scintillation about its rich, distinctive characters, narrative serendipity and ineffable magic.
Neatly adapted from the play by Joan Ackermann, actor-turned-director Campbell Scott's fourth feature is a sensitively played drama.
In a stealthy and touching way, it shows how people can work on one another.
...make[s] one marvel at the powerful emotions it has aroused with the momentum of its many small and simple moments...a unique film.
I like films that are paced slowly, but this movie passes by in geological ages.
Slow, ruminative and dusted with wisps of folksy humor.
A well-intended but weak and plodding art-house pretender.
Scott has the courage to let the imaginative story unfold at its own leisurely pace, and it's not surprising that the acting is excellent.
Funny and heartbreaking.
To watch Off the Map is to be pulled into a private universe on the brink of civilization -- from which, at the end of two hours, it is impossible to exit unaffected.
Reveals its stage roots through prosaic narration (by Amy Brenneman, as the grown-up Bo) and metaphor-laden dialogue.
As with many of the best non-conformist American indies and foreign films, it's taken much too long for Off the Map to achieve distribution, and it's been our loss.
The perfs here are largely a matter of posing.
Living like Thoreau.
Beautifully and convincingly conveys the baffling ways in which love and place can work their wonders upon us and bring about transformation in their wake.
Off the Map evokes cave paintings coming to life.
Valentina de Angelis holds it all together with a performance just as strong, coltish, and out of left field as Keisha Castle-Hughes in Whale Rider.
Nicely enough, it's packed with droll humor and smart compassion.
Things just seem to happen without rhyme or reason.
Melancholy, lost, but looking.
The wondrous, mysterious landscapes of New Mexico have been beautifully photographed. As for the story and characters, I sat there unable to buy a word of it.
Campbell Scott's warm, inviting film has the meandering pace of a special time when the summer goes on forever and the world has a bit more clarity.
[Campbell} Scott does a sound job in marshalling his intrepid cast and crew to tell the story of a very different kind of American family.
Campbell Scott directs with a light touch, flowing from one scene to the next with an ease that never interferes, but manages to capture the magic of every moment.
The main character here is an acute sense of place -- a place where one hunts for food but never for sport; where the only sounds are owls hooting in stereo; and where greater purpose is not defined by work but by art.
Alive with a sense of place, 'Off the Map' evoked for me the same wondrous feelings I had while watching 'To Kill a Mockingbird' and 'Shane.'
A film of quiet beauty, striking comedy and touching truths.
Most excels as a subtly observed study of how the dynamics within a close-knit family can shift over time.




@highlight

Excellent performances mark this leisurely paced film.