I am thankful, for those of us who appreciate this kind of very musty, very British brew, that Spielberg has the space to make it.
The kind of film you appreciate for its technical wizardry but maybe don't like as much as you think you should....
This heartwarming tale of friendship stays true to Spielberg's standard of excellence and vivid imagination. He manages to recreate the E.T magic, thanks to a similar moving storyline and an endearing background score.
Enthralling and enchanting, the sweetly sentimental story is as much a tale about a special friendship as it is a meta comment on the transportive power of filmmaking.
The result is a film that doesn't feel the need to relentlessly hit every commercial beat but takes its own meandering path, and is all the more interesting -- and, indeed, unusual -- for that.
Spielberg seems to have once again tapped that particular vein of childhood logic where strange things are to be explored and experienced rather than feared.
The BFG is a decent movie that has some stellar moments, but is overall pretty forgettable, and that's a downright shame.
It's just a shame some strong performances are stuck in such an uneven movie
The BFG is visually stunning and laugh-out-loud funny at times, but lacks the beloved bite of other Dahl film adaptations.
Every time Spielberg reaches for the stars with The BFG, they just pass right through his fingers.
The BFG creaks under the weight of its second act so much, you take a long while to appreciate the third, even though it has a lot to enjoy.
An undeniable master at telling deeply affecting matinee-style tales, [Spielberg's] 29th feature retains enough magical elements from the source novel to delight kids and captivate adults.
Spielberg's latest is glorious: an intelligent, rich and huge-hearted family film that's a treat both to look at and to listen to.
Visually, though, the film can be gorgeous.
Visually, the film is a triumph. Storywise, at nearly two hours, it is a bit of a slog.
Spielberg says he has waited 20 years to make his version of Roald Dahl's Big Friendly Giant, but this may not be a huge compliment, given that he has found time to produce turkeys such as The Adventures of Tintin and [AI] in between.
There is something greatly appealing about a family movie this unflaggingly nice.
The first half is pure imagination, a fantasy land off the maps where giants sleep under carpets of sod and dreams frolic like Peter Pan fairies in a mirror world under a magical lake, but he slips in giddy adolescent gags...
The BFG is the latest example of Spielberg using the long take to experiment with digital technology, pushing himself as a filmmaker as much he pushes his characters or the audience through emotional experience.
Children and adults who've come to expect fireworks over clever coziness may take a while to settle into this dyslexic fairy tale, but it's eminently worth the effort.
I enjoyed the dreamcatching and skiddling-along and bogthumping, but the movie was not quite so scrumdiddlyumptious as I was hoping. Mr Spielberg often puts a few too many drops of cozy and lovey into his dream-works. I give the movie three snozzcumbers.
An amazingly visual and technical film with a very captivating performance from Mark Rylance. However, the chemistry between him and Ruby Barnhill isn't as good, ending up in a emotionless and innocuous friendship. [Full review in Spanish]
The BFG turns out to be an affably engaging vehicle but unlike E.T., it leaves precious little in the memory bank.
Hugely involving, with a terrific cast and of course a delightful story with a wry sense of humour.
Based on Roald Dahl's book, in the hands of director Spielberg, "The BFG" becomes a new masterpiece that the whole family will enjoy.
When put into self-consciously cinematic form, The BFG becomes too big, too friendly, and too giant, in its rollicking gambols, patronizing slapstick, and certainly in its swelling sentimentality.
Spielberg doesn't show his true potential but the film has entertaining scenes, reminding us of this man's talent and what he's capable of. [Full review in Spanish]
A visually striking and well directed movie full of solid performances. [Full review in Spanish]
Feels like it's made by someone who has rediscovered the joy of reading fairy tales, and who has remembered what it's like to go wandering for the sake of discovery.
A film that provokes a feeling of childlike wonder in the audience. [Full review in Spanish]
[Desptie] minor setbacks, [The BFG] still manages to embody enough heart and whimsy to bring the much-celebrated and beloved story through to the big screen.
A perfectly functional adaptation of a beloved Roald Dahl story that would be praised if it came from a film-maker of a lesser calibre.
It's by far Spielberg's best, but there is no doubt that plenty of magic that made the director very famous still there. [Full review in Spanish]
A Steven Spielberg film full of imagination. [Full review in Spanish]
It's a good movie, but nowhere near as good as classic Spielberg was. [Full review in Spanish]
Roald Dahl's book comes to life in a big way.
The BFG is a delightful fantasy, one all associated with the film should be proud of, the end result an enchanting journey of resilience and imagination the likes of which dreams are born from.
Playing the BFG, via motion capture technology, Mark Rylance inhabits the giant with real humanity and warmth, his own soul shining through the digital makeover.
In The BFG, a lengthy sequence in Dream Country is gorgeous, with dreams visualized as neon balls of glowing light, while the scenes in London are thoughtfully glum.
Spielberg reunites with 'E.T.' screenwriter Mathison to revisit the themes of their 1982 success, but with a revealing reversal: This time, the filmmakers seem to identify more with the fantastical outsider than with the child who becomes his friend.
... a crowd-pleasing tribute to the source material that should enchant a new generation.
Mostly this is a film of freewheeling, happy-go-lucky eccentricity that speaks to kids directly and will bemuse their adult companions.
The BFG has an unshakable charm thanks to its magnificent leads.
You. Yes, you, reading this. You don't deserve Steven Spielberg.
Rylance's performance is tender and joyful, and watching his BFG and Sophie connect over their whimsy-fuelled adventures and desire for family is a warm delight.
A beguiling, potent tale that will make snapperwhippers of even the most surly adults, it is, in a big word favoured by its even bigger-hearted hero, scrumdiddlyumptious.
There's an uncanny sweetness to the whole thing, a very synthetic kind of charm.
The BFG bursts at the seams with sparkling CGI and motion-capture wizardry, but it is the tender, whimsical charm of Mark Rylance that truly dazzles - and gives the movie its heart.
Never really takes flight the way it should.
Yes it's sweet and has charm but it never soars with Spielbergian magic.
The film is very good at warming the cockles of your heart but not so effective at creating the edge-of-the-seat tension that made Spielberg classics Jaws and E.T. so unforgettable.
Bravo!
This family-friendly blockbuster is not a Pixar pick-me-up, or a wacky Ice Age odyssey designed to send the little ones screaming excitedly through the foyer, hopped up on irony and wisecracks and heading directly for the nearest toy store.
In his state of grace, Rylance's BFG allows a comparatively prosaic Spielberg offering access to the ineffable realm of the poetic.
All in all The BFG is a lot of fun - it just takes a while to get there.
Spielberg and his screenwriter ... fail to give the story any dramatic urgency.
The film is a technical marvel, as gloriously detailed motion-capture technology picks up on Rylance's eyes and endearing smile alongside each sentence he utters.
The BFG succumbs to a fetishisation of luxury, the camera gawping in awe at the abundance of food and finery. It's almost as if it has forsaken the rich, repulsive gloop of the early scenes.
The film is held aloft by the loamy charm of Mark Rylance.
Giant expectations may lead to tiny disappointments in this two-hander that's slow in parts. But it still offers magic and visual delights, and the final act is a treat.
An instant children's classic, full of charm and wonder.
The effects are impressive but Mark Rylance's performance is little short of magical.
Unlike so many films aimed at kids, this one understands what it's like to see with the eyes of a child.
As Spielberg approaches his 70th (!) birthday The BFG shows just how young at heart he is -- this feels like a 35-year-old filmmaker with the bit between his teeth.
I could have done without the slime and fart jokes, but the rest of the story is enchanting and the film has a wonderful look to it. This is a very nice, heartwarming movie, that looks good in 3D.
A visual spectacle and a touching story. [Full review in Spanish]
I loved it... It seems to me that it's one of [Spielberg's] gentlest and most beautiful films.
Spielberg's return to child stories is very classic, but it lacks some magic to it. [Full review in Spanish]
One of Spielberg's worst movies. [Full review in Spanish]
an amiable, visually impressive fantasy
Generally, Spielberg packs the frame with so much amusing clutter that he detracts from Rylance's witty, emotional line readings.
A small and charming film about the true value of friendship and imagination. [Full review in Spanish]
Spielberg misses the mark with this film, I was never really interested by what I saw on screen. [Full review in Spanish]
A precise yet full of fantasy portrait of childhood. [Full review in Spanish]
Spielberg has brought together two exceptionally talented performers: a veteran and a newcomer; not the only stand outs in this otherworldly fantasy tale...
Destined to become the E.T. of the new generations. [Full review in Spanish]
There's a puzzling disconnect between the film's display of craftsmanship and our engagement with it.
It's no E.T., I'm afraid. The BFG has its moments, and some pretty great world-building and visual delights, but it's firmly Minor Spielberg. (Splice Today)
The BFG casts a wondrous spell.
Has a charmingly old fashioned feel.
There's no disputing that Spielberg has created a fascinating world. It's just a shame that the story and characters aren't quite as fascinating.
Technically flawless, The BFG is a fantasy, but Roald Dahl didn't make a name for himself by being insipid
Utterly charming
Spielberg's charms are not yet overthrown, but his movie is not such stuff as dreams are made on.
It's good for kids and has a good message about friendship and self-confidence. But it's far from the best in either Spielberg or Disney's long, illustrious catalogs.
Delightful story of a gentle giant who brings wonder into the lonely existence of a 10-year-old orphan.
Director Steven Spielberg is generous with mood-setting by immersing you in his beautiful visuals (heck, the movie is an hour and 58 minutes long), but it doesn't quite stir any emotion.
The BFG turns out a winner, blending Dahl's big imagination with a surprisingly simple tale at its core that'll defy you to not be won over.
If Spielberg doesn't capture the anarchic whimsy of Roald Dahl's 1982 novel, his film has the soft enchantment of what the giant would call a phizzwizard. A very good thing indeed.
Take the kids to see this bottomless treasure chest of wonders or I'll never forgive you. And neither will they.
The motion-capture wizardry that breathes real and warm life into the giant characters of The BFG is never less than a wonder to behold.
It's more of a bedtime story for young and old alike, and a sweet tale of the healing power of friendship.
The BFG is dull and ugly. With no evidence of the charm of its source material, its screenwriter, or its director, it deserves to sink into obscurity.
A film that will make adults believe in magic, the power of dreams, and friendship, at least for a little while. [Full review in Spanish]
The BFG, with its unhurried pace and confident direction, feels much more at ease with itself than the vast majority of kids films, but it's also a widescreen expansion of Spielberg's worst instincts.
Luckily, the movie's second half redeems the early languors with a slapstick comedy of farting dogs and queenly manners.
"The BFG" - character and movie both - is too mild-mannered to induce any seat-springing feelings of joyfulness, but its old-fashioned pleasures are genuine.
The BFG is like hearing grandpa tell an okay bedtime story, punctuated with an underarm fart.
...like a mandated visit to a beloved but doddering grandparent...
Spielberg's best movie about childhood to date. [Full review in Spanish]
[It] will undoubtedly find an audience, but that doesn't mean that the rest of us have to pretend this giant is less big and friendly than boring and flat.
For the first two-thirds, The BFG is beautiful and immersive ... (and) a reminder of many wonderful things.
The BFG reminded me of the scene in (of all things) History of the World: Part I in which a bored Emperor Nero (Dom DeLuise) is presented with a wooden bathtub and mutters, "Nice. Nice. Not thrilling, but nice."
Where's the magic? Where's the wonder? Where's the charm? All pertinent questions that Spielberg fails to answer in what amounts to a giant mess, or as BFG would say, a wizzpopper.
Dazzling CGI and a breakthrough performance by Ruby Barnhill, but the film is unevenly paced, clunky and lacks warm, wit and cleverness.
With so much going for it, including being adapted from a best-selling children's book, it was a real surprise to me that the film overall was unsatisfying. The whole wound up being less than the sum of its parts...
Rylance gives a rueful rendition of the friendly giant.
The picture is something of an all-or-nothing proposition; you either tune in to it right away, or you don't. I did.
There's much to admire about The BFG: Rick Carter and Robert Stromberg's magical production design and John Williams' whimsical score.
We're watching the story. We aren't necessarily feeling it, and for a kids' movie to really work magic - in a Frozen or Wall-E kind of way - we have to be standing on that suspension bridge of dread.
The BFG isn't a remake of E.T. or A.I. but its own peculiar epic. It's an involuted fairy tale, leaning both Left and Right, expressing the quiddities of utopian imagination. Spielberg's childlike optimism brings quixotic ideas to life.
In recent years, Spielberg has become a hit-and-miss filmmaker and this is closer to a "miss" than a "hit."
Sweet movie and Steven Spielberg makes you believe that little girl is actually on the hand of a giant. Great family film in a year lacking them.
Sweet Dahl book adaptation has big heart, big scares.
Almost suffocated by niceness...
The film is mostly charming, and (no surprise) it's technically accomplished.
Steven Spielberg's The BFG is a technically impressive adaptation of Roald Dahl's novel - one with whimsy and heart to spare.
As always, Spielberg is good at finding the magic in small moments.
Steven Spielberg's The BFG is a marvellous, mood-lifting, word-mangling adaptation of Roald Dahl's 1982 children's novel.
Spielberg and late screenwriter Melissa Mathison attempt to re-create the multigenerational magic they achieved together in E.T. The results, while pleasant enough for wee ones, fall short of that goal.
It's Oscar winner Rylance's warm-hearted motion-capture performance -- his BFG moves with human-like fluidity and grace -- along with John Williams' familiar and sweet score, that gives The BFG its soul.
The two-hour running time drags as this Spielberg misfire winds up being uninspiring and tedious.
Under Spielberg's hand, The BFG is heavy on charm and atmosphere, immersing the audience in a timeless world that blends the reality we know with a fantasy world we might imagine.
"The BFG" reminded me of a gift that a grandfather might give, a little out of step with what the kids are into these days. But it's made with such great care that it could endure while other more disposable gifts are forgotten.
Movies based on Dahl's books have been a mixed bag, but Spielberg's The BFG may be the best of the lot. It's a visual spectacle of wonder and whimsy, crowned by a warmhearted performance from Oscar winner Mark Rylance in the title role.
Rylance has again brought something transformational to a Spielberg film. He gives the kind of performance you can't look away from, even with all the big-budget delights.
The BFG brings Roald Dahl's beloved book to ffafja'afnnnn... sorry, dozed off (like I wanted to do during the film).
"The BFG" means well enough with its sweet side and explorer spirit, but it's a surprisingly plodding movie.
As a character, the BFG is a wondrous creation, and Rylance does a magnificent job bringing him to life.
As director Steven Spielberg's second fantasy-adventure film, the other being 1991's mediocre 'Hook,' 'The BFG' turns out to be more satisfying but no classic.
Leaves you believing in the magic of dreams.
"The BFG" remembers what it's like to see with the eyes of a child.
In Spielberg's grasp - mixing live-action and green screen, CG and motion-capture effects - the 1982 children's story becomes a large-scale tableau of impossibly wonderful images ...
Steven Spielberg and late screenwriter Melissa Mathison give Roald Dahl's The BFG plenty of whimsy and heart.
I didn't find it as excellent as I had hoped. It's still good enough to earn a recommendation, however, for families looking for some fantasy-based escapist entertainment (Full Content Review for Parents - Scary Scenes, Crude Humor, etc. - Available)
A movie full of wonder, danger and imagination to lure the audience into this fantasy world, but the movie fails when it's time to tell a story
Utterly harmless and totally sweet-natured, visually sophisticated and imaginative but narratively closer to Teletubbies than its source material -- which is to say that if you're over the age of four, it's pretty dull.
If it doesn't quite reach an E.T.-level of achievement, it does offer considerable charm.
There's a melancholy hanging over the film, too -- that it's [Melissa] Mathison's final screenwriting credit. It's also a lovely exit for a woman who always knew to never write down to her audience, children or not.
Spielberg balances Dahl's humorous whimsy with the melancholy of two lonely souls -- Sophie and her giant -- finding each other in the wee small hours. The result is that rare thing, a children's fable that can touch the child in everyone.
Despite my misgivings about certain parts of "The BFG", the movie is totally worthwhile as a family adventure.
if Ray (Harryhausen) were alive today to see what Steven Spielberg's crew has accomplished in "The BFG", he would be astonished.
The setting for retrieving the dreams is enchanting...But the friendship between the BFG and Sophie is real magic.
It's the sort of movie that assists children in experiencing new emotions and reminds adults what it was like to feel them.
The film is built almost entirely on the wonderfully expressive performances by recent Oscar winner Mark Rylance (of Spielberg's "Bridge of Spies") and newcomer Ruby Barnhill.
Despite the sheer joy the film inspires in these moments of adventure, though, it never quite overcomes the film's basic problem: It all rings hollow.
Retains delightful, child-like sense that parallel world of magical fantasy is possible with a smooth blending of animated and real figures to evoke Blake's classic drawings.
Doesn't have enough story to sustain itself for two hours, or any real purpose to speak of.
Like so many good dreams, it leaves us groping for a past that can never be recovered, but also looking ahead to a future that suddenly seems brighter, and friendlier, than we had dared to believe.
The most effective moments of "The BFG" are the ones that hit home with wistful emotion, but surprise with the possibilities of magic in connections - those moments that Spielberg and Dahl have defined for a generation.
The BFG is a wonderful Steven Spielberg film, certainly one of his best in recent days.
BFG is played by Mark Rylance in a motion-captured performance that transcends the obvious, technological limitations of the film's visual effects.
The biggest emotional moments in The BFG combine Rylance's working-class humility and decency with subtle wrinkles in the animation that suggest a stirring of the soul. It's the rare CGI wonder that moves as well as awes.
There are good bits among the bad (the giant's bullying, bratty kinfolk especially), but mostly, there's simply not enough there.
It is not a transformative film like other Spielberg works but its heart and spirit are in the right place.
You'd be forgiven for expecting it to be far more interesting than it is.
There's much to see but less to feel in this adaptation.
The movie, which is bound to be one of the summer's biggest hits, is filled with spectacular visual effects and nice messages for families and children.
'The BFG' is a solid, family-friendly and entertaining feature. The problem is that the movie lacks the scares necessary to elevate it to the Grimm standard.
A movie that has precious few moments for grownups.
"The BFG" gets caught between old-fashioned Dickensian fairy stories and the new, exciting worlds imagined by the Pixar crew.
Compared to films like Henry Selick's James and the Giant Peach and Wes Anderson's Fantastic Mr. Fox that got the essence of Dahl right, The BFG comes off as a sadly inadequate flight of fancy from storytellers we expected better from.
the special effects are spectacular. And there's no faulting Mark Rylance as the giant. But things get "a bit grumbly" when the worlds of Spielberg and Dahl collide.
The BFG is a total charmer, and one of the best friendship tales in recent memory.
Spielberg's movie has an old-fashioned, timeless quality.
It will be fascinating to see whether young moviegoers, accustomed to the frenzied pace of today's entertainments, will sit still for the intermittent languors of this one. I hope they will.
If it's not quite scrumdiddlyumptious, The BFG sends you out of the theater lighter of heart, and very glad to have met Rylance's wonderful BFG.
What's missing, above all, is the wild, palpable sense of excitement that has galvanized so many of Mr. Spielberg's other juvenile adventures, from "E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial" to "The Adventures of Tintin."
The extravagant expense of this Steven Spielberg production is evident in every frame, but no amount of money or technical trickery can make up for a story lacking any dramatic tension or a sympathetic protagonist.
Spielberg brings back the awe with "The BFG," a fantasy designed to tickle the kid in each of us.
The BFG does a bang-up job with its titular hero -- and for that alone, I can recommend it. I simply wish its human heroine had been treated with similar care.
It all adds up to fine family fare, and surely fun-packed excitement for kids. But it left me feeling that Spielberg at this point in his life and career is better at thoughtful, history-based adult material.
"The BFG" may please the little ones, but Spielberg fans are in for a disappointment.
Mostly, it works as a singular and slightly wobbly mash-up of two creative artists and their differing sensibilities, and it benefits greatly from the contributions of one brilliant actor and one little girl.
"The BFG" is mostly a big snooze, despite the earnest endeavors of Spielberg, Mathison and a buoyant John Williams score to create a sense of magic.
This is to Spielberg's faster-paced kid movies as Bridge of Spies is to Saving Private Ryan: quieter, more relaxed.
Spielberg offers a gallery of unforgettable images to illuminate a surprisingly straightfoward story about the friendship between the Big Friendly Giant of the title and Sophie, a spunky 10-year-old orphan.
The film follows the expected path toward Spielbergian contentment for young and old alike.
The BFG supplies moderate levels of kid-friendly charm. Yet, it fails to pack the kind of intense, emotional punch we've come to expect from Spielberg productions such as [E.T.] and Close Encounters of the Third Kind.
...a modestly magical film for a grimly realistic age.
Anchored by two winning lead performances, "The BFG" ultimately overcomes its longueur, if only by a hair of the title character's chinny-chin-chin.
This kind giant transcends his CGI limitations to feel quite real, and like a devoted friend. Who could blame a child for believing he'll be there to catch her when she falls?
It's a film that casts a unique and often mesmerizing spell. But it's also a bit too talky, particularly in the early going, and Spielberg lets numerous opportunities for humor slip by.
While there is some magic here, it's not the transportive experience it might have been.
The bottomless emotional reserve of Rylance ... makes the sometimes galumphing BFG more than a mere pleasant afternoon of family viewing.
Without Roald Dahl's underlying message that we, "human beans," are more grotesque and less moral than the Brobdingnagian ogres, it feels there is less here than meets the eye, but what meets the eye is often so sumptuous, you just might not care.
It's a perfectly pleasant movie, but it's not unreasonable to expect more from Spielberg than something perfectly pleasant.
The BFG is a labor of love that sometimes wears its love too laboriously, but a surfeit of rapture isn't the worst thing in a movie ...
Spielberg's signature touches fit perfectly into Dahl's narrative, which combines lightness and whimsy with whirls of darkness and spikes of danger.
Fantasy meandering twists into something more action-oriented, and there's little magic in it. This is not what we expect from a master cinematic fantasist.
Likable, though not magical, and a decent alternative to more antic, frenzied children's fare...but apart from a few sequences the picture doesn't take flight.
This lyrical adaptation of Roald Dahl's 1982 book sets up two seemingly opposite characters who are able to help each other once they realize they share the same heart.
Rylance, digitally rendered from motion-capture performance, finds a charming, gentle rapport with his young co-star, and his lilting wordplay (a television is a "telly telly bunkum box"; language is "a twitch-tickling problem") creates its own music.
A film that echoes Spielberg's earlier work, but never quite captures that magic. [Full review in Spanish]
Like E.T., it switches gears in the third act for a rousing action finale in which the child hero takes charge to save the day. This time, though, something feels off.
This is a full-bodied immersion into another place, another time, another reality.
The BFG stands for Big Friendly Giant, but writer Roald Dahl probably hoped your mind would think of something worse. His usually did.
You can see a thousand movies and think that you've become immune to dazzling visuals - until you see them done right.
As ever, Spielberg seems aware of his own darker side, but is keen to gloss it over. Still, like nearly all his films, The BFG is worth seeing as a showcase for its maker's sheer dexterity.
The BFG is beautiful and droll and has a few happy tears to go with the excellent fart jokes.
Exiting the theater after the technically impressive but listless and tedious The BFG, I wondered: Of the more than 50 films Steven Spielberg has directed, was this my least favorite?
Strip away Rylance's vocal performance and the expensive effects and you have little more than two hours of precocious children, silly adults and corny gags.
As an enjoyable time at the movies, The BFG succeeds. But as anything more than that, it comes up short.
...includes a magical moment that will go down among my favorite scenes from Spielberg's filmography.
For once, underneath all the motion capture folderol, the key performance really does feel like a full, real, vital performance.
The film is so sluggishly paced that even its pleasures are overtaken by the boredom creeping in from all corners.
Through performance capture, Rylance brings a gentle goodness but also a world-weary gravitas to the BFG - there is tragedy to his story that he has to overcome.
Once the wonder of this world has sunk in, there's nowhere to go in this film, which can lull you straight into torpor.
The strangest, most stripped-down film Spielberg has ever made, even considering it's a CGI-fest with cutting edge tech that turns one of the world's finest thespians into a motion-capture behemoth.
'The BFG' possesses a magical sense of oddball wonderment all its own.
Brimming with whimsy, but not afraid to enter dark territory, 'The BFG' is a Bedazzling Fabulously Grand adventure.
More a technical triumph than a full-bodied emotional experience, this family film has plenty of whimsy and heart, even though it rarely matches the visual wonders and resonance of Spielberg's earlier work.
It's hard to ignore the disparity between what works and what doesn't. Spielberg still knows how to make something magical. He's just best at it when he's not trying so damn hard.
Fun and likable, occasionally even delightful.
Twinkly-eyed, vulnerable and melancholic, Rylance exudes soulful warmth pours off the screen in a well-rounded, elegant characterisation -- even if the CGI does sometimes leave him looking like a Middle-earth Noel Edmonds.
[CANNES 2016] Someone could write a Freudian thesis about how, by diminishing a female child character even further than her undeveloped stature, in "The BFG" feeds into the imperialist patriarchy that the story ultimately hands itself over to.
The BFG is light to the point of being luminous. It is a fantastic fantasy.
This carefully designed adaptation of the Dahl children's classic isn't perfect, but when Spielberg taps into his fountain-of-youth joy, I sure couldn't help but feel like a kid again myself.
Small, smart girls may justifiably love The BFG. And boys? There's always the Rube Goldberg-esque scene in the Palace where fizzy farts burst free from all assembled, from giants to Queens, to the strains of a squad of bagpipers.
Though somewhat meandering, Steven Spielberg's The BFG benefits from one of the best performances of the year so far, courtesy of Mark Rylance's Big Friendly Giant.
Entertaining, escapist entertainment...for the whole family.
Lovely, but entirely too slow to be the BFD it might have been.
Spielberg's most dramatically inert movie in 20 years.
The film's technical achievements may be complex, but its emotions are facile.
Spielberg has already made one brilliant movie about a young English child thrust into a dangerous environment with 1987's Empire of the Sun, and perhaps a further touch of darkness would have added some contrast here.
Sweet and strange (but not quite as spunky as other Roald Dahl adaptations), Steven Spielberg's The BFG is kid-friendly cinema done right.
The film, full of such quietly inventive visual magic, is perfectly content to simply revel in the stuff dreams are made of.
Tall tale, long story. Not to mention Dahl's own darkly subconscious subtext counting institutional child abuse, school bullying, PTSD - and Dahl himself rather a giant, at six feet six inches. Along with narrative violations of the Geneva Conventions.
Something's got to be done about carnivorous, human-eating giants. And just like that, 'The BFG' suddenly becomes a metaphor for our meat-addicted, planet-destroying times.
Unoriginal, bland and not a good return to form for Steven Spielberg. The film lacked whimsy, warmth and awe. However, there is plenty of fart humor.
Lanky, long-limbed, and five stories tall, this gentle behemoth with jug-ears and a vocabulary of gibberish malapropisms is the main reason to see this sweet kiddie fantasia.
It stresses exactly why Spielberg remains in a realm of his own when it comes to filmmaking for families and stands out because it offers a more authentic form of nostalgia than the big-screen norm.
For all its faults, The BFG does give us the unusual and amusing image of the Queen's pet corgis rocketing around royal halls powered by green, billowing fart clouds.
This might shock you, but that Steven Spielberg guy made another good movie.
Seems to talk down to all but the youngest of children, making it grueling for adults to find anything to keep them invested.
As a fairy tale involving an unlikely cross-species friendship, "The BFG" is far from the instant classic "E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial" is. The film has its pleasures all the same, and a wide-eyed earnestness.
Largely lifeless, which is unusual for fantasy material birthed by Roald Dahl or directed by Steven Spielberg, much less a combination of the two.
The BFG is a nice movie. This sounds like a dig, but it's not. Nice is a good thing.
Though older viewers will find the tale too elongated, elementary-age audiences will find it glummy (yummy) rather than a bunch of rummytot.
While The BFG may not be a true return to form for Spielberg, it is nonetheless a charming effort that is sure to stand the test of time.
For a movie that tells such a happy fable, it surprisingly lacks energy. [Full review in Portuguese.]
It is an adamantly well-done action adventure yarn that boasts top-notch special effects and real heart, but it's Spielberg and it's Cannes and expectations are too high.
Rylance's performance gives the film the bonding warmth it needs.
Rylance, whose fine features have been expertly distorted, makes an endearingly gentle giant, and the movie finally comes alive toward the end, when the BFG pays a visit to Buckingham Palace and has to interact with the Queen and her retinue.
For all its technical excellence and surrealistic flights of fancy, this isn't Spielberg at full throttle.
Despite the high tech, which seamlessly blends Rylance on to a 24ft body, the film has an old-fashioned, over-whimsical feel.
It really does offer a huge treat for the whole family - with the caution that very young children might well be scared out of their wits by some of the more "murderful" giants.
Full of good-natured charm and wonder, but there's also a more subdued feel at play here.
The BFG is candy for the eyes and a beautifully imagined tale of two outsiders finding their place in the world.
Though Spielberg and screenwriter Melissa Mathison-with the permission of the author's estate-have somewhat expanded and changed Dahl's story, The BFG honors the author's whimsical, waggishness impropriety.
Whilst The BFG won't be regarded as Spielberg's greatest cinematic achievement, it's still a superbly brilliant adaptation.
The movie lumbers along a bit plotlessly, struggling to capture any real emotional resonance beyond a general feeling of niceness.
A movie that's comfortable, but also as soporific as a warm, stuffy room.
The film is a return to the corny side of Spielberg's carreer that we thought was left behind after Munich and Lincoln. [Full review in Spanish]
The BFG gets close to be one of the most unsuccessful works of the director and waste with little wit some of the implicit suggestions of the source material. [Full review in Spanish]
A film that works as an allegory of a lonely childhood and the necessity of looking for a protective figure. [Full review in Spanish]
Kids may well dig it. (Hell, my kid may well dig it.) But for me, The BFG was all anticipation of a different kind, leading to a massive letdown.
Packed full of magical imagery, jovial surprise and royally funny fart jokes, it's heartwarming stuff, even if it doesn't quite have a handle on the darker elements of Dahl's vision.
Exceeds expectations in terms of Rylance's performance, and joyously expounds the essence of a cherished children's tale with imaginative glory and boundless love
Though it doesn't fully connect for adults, perhaps the most mesmerizing scene is when they visit the phosphorescent world from which The BFG gathers all those sweet dreams.
While the note-perfect script, written by the late Melissa Matheson (who also scripted E.T.), treats Dahl's words with radiant respect, it also subtly reworks them to make the story cinematic to its soul.
[The] only element of the entire production that inspires any kind of wonder is just how far from a satisfying adaptation the film proves to be.
Stitched together with an old-fashioned care that belies its performance-capture technique.
The two-hour two-hander drags with too much dialogue during the first half and never truly achieves narrative lift-off.
The BFG is big friendly giant of a film from a director who knows how to make films on that note and on that scale.
Makes it possible for audiences of all ages to wrap their heads around one of the unlikeliest friendships in cinema history, resulting in the sort of instant family classic "human beans" once relied upon Disney to deliver.
A sweet, charming and entertaining story that will be a treat for diehard Dahl fans and will probably gain his work a new generation of readers.
The giant that Spielberg has created with Mark Rylance is testament to how fast technology is moving: he's a fleshy marvel, full of personality, flaws and life.
[It] leans so heavily on green-screen trickery that even Mark Rylance's kind eyes -- squinting out from that computer-generated abyss -- can't save it from mediocrity.
The sweet-voiced, eccentrically featured Mark Rylance is ideally cast as the titular Big Friendly Giant and the recent Oscar winner does not disappoint.
"The BFG" is Spielberg by the numbers - and likely to please viewers looking for just that.
An old-fashioned children's tale told simply and with plenty of heart.

@highlight

The BFG minimizes the darker elements of Roald Dahl's classic in favor of a resolutely good-natured, visually stunning, and largely successful family-friendly adventure.