Fonda is terrific playing the mess that is Viola. Her introduction tells you everything you need to know about her: after learning she has been fired she attacks a vacuous Britney Spears clone on air. It never reaches that kind of mean-spirited fun again.
The catfight battle between Fonda and Lopez barely reaches a simmer before all is forgiven and the audience is dismissed from their seats.
The premise, though hardly fresh, has the makings of a ferocious black comedy. But Monster-in-Law is more a sour pastel.
For a revenge comedy to work, the villain should be so despicable that you relish those moments when the victim turns the tables and gets even. This flick is misleading because the title character is not really mean, but rather a sympathetic figure.
In the American tradition of diva moms from hell.
In this casting match-up, Lopez is totally outclassed.
For such a rich premise, Kochoff produced a fairly lackluster script.
full review in Greek
It's nice to see Jane Fonda back on screen. One just wishes it were in a better picture.
You've got the makings of one royally uninspired comedy and utterly generic Hollywood mess.
Graças a este filme, descobri um fato fascinante: um garçom sempre terá impulsos incontroláveis de servir as pessoas, mesmo quando for apenas um convidado em uma festa.
Forget that boring subplot about getting married. This movie is a no-holds-barred catfight between the world's most psychotic mom and the pop star audiences most love to hate.
...an obnoxious romantic comedy that takes every stereotype about pushy in-laws and morphs them into a practically unbearable mix of broad slapstick and shrill bickering.
...great when it was called "The Wedding Planner."
The nastier comedy that Monster-in-Law demands is a bad fit for [Luketic].
the romance is not interesting; the catfights at least have some potential
we've got a halfway decent little comedy...
A banal and lukewarm slice of romantic comedy and family histrionics.
There's a real hunger to Fonda's performance, an anything-can-happen quality that's more exciting than a thousand polished star turns.
As comebacks go, Monster-in-Law may do for Fonda what the Empire State Building did for King Kong.
...feels like some rejected TV sitcom pilot with its inane one-joke premise about fussing females and their trivial tirades...a clueless and contrived concoction
I sided with the mother.
[Director Robert] Luketic tries to revitalize Lopez's public image by pitting her against an older actress's degrading portrayal.
...Barbie-doll romance intertwined with an exchange of vulgar and sometimes offensive salvos between the future in-laws.
Let's see how long this one stays at number one with the release of "Star Wars Episode III: Revenge of the Sith" on its heels.
In "Monster-in-Law," Jane Fonda emerges from her recent tobacco bath to take on her first movie role in 15 years. The good news? At 67, she's still smoking.
This really plays a like a really bad sitcom from forty years ago.
Was this really the best movie Jane Fonda could find to restart her movie career?
Fails on so many levels that it is difficult to even know where to start.
Fonda fans will lap this up, but even they will agree it is no "Barefoot In the Park."
Fonda as a dominatrix in the will-she, won't-she shallows of entertainment, with Lopez her match in campy mindlessness.
There's only one reason I'm giving this three stars, and that's Jane Fonda, whose talent is, well, monstrous.
If Director Luketic and Writer Kochoff have to fall back on these unfunny, antediluvian routines, they should learn another trade.
A one-joke comedy that achieves the oxymoronic feat of being fluffy and flat at the same time.
It's finally happened. Jennifer Lopez has finally made a film that doesn't make you want to chew off your own arm inside of about 20 minutes.
I really wanted to like Monster-in-Law, and in many ways I do, even if the overall impression left by the comedy is one more of desperation than inspiration and excuse me if I want a little bit more depth to my storylines than what's supplied here.
The humor of this movie has been pitched at the wrong level...it's just 100 minutes of women being cruel to each other.
I think if 'Monster-in-Law' had been a horror flick instead of a comedy it might have worked for me. As is, it's just a horror of a movie.
The run-of-the-mill comedy might not be the Monster hit Jennifer Lopez is seeking, but it opens up the possibility of seeing more of the talented Jane Fonda.
Reviled for selling themselves, for wielding power, Fonda, Lopez, and to an extent, Sykes have turned their seeming threats into commodities.
In a movie about diva-to-diva warfare, each diva is miscast.
It takes awhile for `Monster-In-Law' to bare its teeth, but once the movie does...everything on the screen begins to click.
Fonda and Sykes are made for each other, and their incessant bickering and arguing are about the only things that give Monster-in-Law any life.
Fonda, who returned to movies after a 15-year absence only to find herself facedown in a plate of tripe, handles her on-screen humiliation with considerable grace.
Trust me, Monster-in-Law not only makes more sense as an Unforgiven-ish parable of old-school Hollywood feminism's wrath, it's worlds more fun.
In any case, the news here is not the movie but the movie star. Jane Fonda is back, and let's hope the movies can figure out how to plant her somewhere she can flourish.
Monster-in-Law is a comedy without laughs and a catfight without claws.
It's a crude, obvious comedy, which occasionally clunks, but it's often very funny, as well as being a really shrewd bit of popular entertainment.
[Sykes] can get a little nasty for the sake of a joke - something Lopez and Fonda, protective of their images, aren't willing to do.
If Fonda is partly suited to her role, Jennifer Lopez is not at all suited to hers.
Fonda dives headlong into the comic mayhem of her role, and yet maintains the style and grace and gravitas of a major Hollywood diva.
Like Knott's Landing gone Defcon Five, with Fonda and Lopez in a Mega-Diva Catfight that involves such estro-centric issues as dress sizes and china patterns.
Back to screenwriting school for somebody.
Monster-in-Law isn't a particularly good movie if what interests you is the art of film -- cinematography, editing, screenwriting, staging, little things like that.
Jane Fonda came back from the dead, and Jennifer Lopez came back from Gigli to make the new comedy Monster-in-Law.
Poor Jennifer Lopez. Despite star billing, she is but a spectator at Fonda's fireworks show.
It's a one-joke movie, but we keep laughing because of the way the stars keep telling the joke.
It's a perfect comeback vehicle for a 67-year-old actress -- light, safe, undemanding and sure-to-be commercial. It is also a fairly tedious, stupid picture, but you can't have everything.
It lacks the meanness and vulgarity of much modern comedy (good) but fails to replace it with any meaningful insight or satire.
Without movie stars in the lead roles, these characters would be insufferably dull (in other words, they'd all be as vanilla as Vartan), and director Robert Luketic knows it.
Granted, Monster-in-Law is meant to be a laugh-fest, but it stoops very low and is too unkind to its actors in its pursuit of laughs.
Monster-In-Law has a stupid script, sure, but you'd think somebody would have had the courtesy to tell Lopez the picture was a comedy.
The phrase 'chewing the scenery' never made much sense to me (is this a phrase used in normal human conversation? Ever?), but I know it when I see it. And Jane Fonda gnaws it to the bone in Monster-in-Law.
Turns out Jane has come back to make a 95-minute mother-in-law joke. Scratch that, now I'm exaggerating. A joke is funny. A joke has rhythm and structure and timing and a punch line. This, by all evidence, is no joke.
Fluff has it's place, and it's awfully good to see feel-the-burn Jane back in action, unrepentant and laughing at herself and the world.
Lopez is no help with a performance that is so cutesy, so one-note, that she could have phoned it in.
Had the script paid more attention to its characters' emotional details, this Monster could have been a ball.
If there is any reason to watch Monster-in-Law -- a chore best reserved for a day when the flu has rendered you incapable of the ability to discriminate between good and bad -- it is to see Fonda acting again after all these years.
Monster-in-Law, is only saved -- by the skin of its teeth -- by co-stars, Jane Fonda and Wanda Sykes.
If you want to see Jane Fonda munch scenery, you're in the right spot.
The comedy is broad and the story is too clumsily calculated to maximize its star power, but the teaming of Fonda and Jennifer Lopez, if not inspired, is good enough to at least partially mask the script's myriad flaws.
Monster-in-Law has a hard enough time justifying its antagonist's monstrosity.
The movie promises us a catfight. Instead it gives us mewling kittens.
Fonda's performance seems so stiff - so strained - that Novocaine immediately comes to mind.
Fonda is in great shape, but she *is* slightly older than Joan Crawford was when Mommie Dearest co-starred with a thawed caveman in 'Trog.' At least Crawford got top billing.
Do you, movie-viewing public promise to shell out nine bucks, laugh and tell your friends this is great? The correct answer is I DON'T.
To boost this movie's rating to 'worth seeing' would make me feel like a publicist or simply a dope.
The redoubtable Ms. Fonda is the main attraction in Monster-in-Law, which generates just enough laughs to raise it a notch above serviceable.
Sykes is a perfect foil to Fonda's daffy socialite. That the two work together so well is a tribute to their respective skills and professionalism, especially screen newcomer Sykes.
Monster-in-Law is first and foremost a triumphant comeback for Fonda, whose acting chops complement a presence that puts most of today's stars to shame.
This horribly unfunny comedy is downright embarrassing to everyone involved, especially Fonda, who gives a screeching, one-note performance.
Yet another decently made but utterly forgettable comedy.
A comedy so inconsequential it might not pass muster as a network sitcom.
Billed as a comedy, this low-wattage sitcom is both ill-tempered and mean-spirited -- not least when it's cracking anti-gay jokes and making snide suggestions about incest.
The wisecracking Wanda Sykes steals this mediocre girl-fight from her big-name co-stars.
Even when Lopez and Fonda share the same scene, as they often do, they are in different movies.
Viewers who buy a ticket to Monster-in-Law may find it easier to forgive Fonda for her disastrous 1972 trip to North Vietnam than Lopez for starring in Gigli.
Fonda's presence recommends Monster-in-Law on some level, but the film as a whole doesn't match her vitality.
Monster-in-Law delivers the most laughs of any comedy since Meet the Fockers.
For a romantic comedy, it's neither romantic nor funny.
We liked this better when it was called Meet the Parents and had that peeing cat.
Fifteen years absent from the big screen, and this is what Jane Fonda comes back to? Catfights with J. Lo?
While there are moments of hilarious nastiness, the film continually opts to play it safe.
The film portrays women as jealous, manipulative bitches, while men are hapless boobs with no emotional intelligence.
Maybe 35 years from now Jane Fonda will apologize for this picture, too.
Tired comedy pits Jennifer Lopez and Jane Fonda against each other ... and the audiences loses.
Any robust inertia quickly dissipates as the plot takes pointless, senseless twists so the two women can inflict themselves on each other.
In the battle between J-Lo and J-Fo, the Audience is the loser.
Red Bull (C) is highly recomended - 'cause the laughs aint gonna keep you up for this rehashed hoopla...
There's just so much tomfoolery between the two, it felt like I was watching a special divorcée edition of Viva la Bam.
J. Lo and Fonda are Booty and the Beast...
Monster-In-Law is an outrageous, slapstick, over-the-top comedy that had me laughing throughout.
Jane Fonda makes it out alive, but the movie never drew a breath to begin with.
Roaring through the film like a California wildfire, Fonda gives a powerhouse comic performance...
It repeatedly falls to Fonda to sell the movie's wheezy concept of the mother-in-law as battle-ax. And like any trouper attempting go-for-broke comedy for the first time at her age, she holds nothing back.
Monster-in-Law proves that the once intense Ms. Fonda is capable of laughing at the world in general and herself in particular.
Another generic concept-driven romantic comedy that is high on concept, low on comedy and about as romantic as a prenuptial agreement.
Lopez is treacly sweet to Fonda and finally attempts some tepid revenge about two-thirds of the way through. But too late: We've lost interest.
This Monster is ultimately one flat-footed beast.
An unappealing comedy with a terminal case of bad choices
What do socio-economic differences, career discrepancies, basic incompatibilities and a teenage wardrobe on a thirtysomething matter when there are movie tickets to sell?
A kind of Meet the Fockers-lite, with bitchy scheming substituted for flushing toilets.
Monster-in-Law fails the Gene Siskel Test: 'Is this film more interesting than a documentary of the same actors having lunch?'
Elaine Stritch displays the real deal in in-law acid as Viola's late husband's mother in the film's last act
Monster-in-Law proves two things: Jane Fonda can still act and Jennifer Lopez still can't.
The stakes seem so petty and the tactics so unimaginative that it has no more appeal than stale wedding cake.
A slapstick chick-flick that flirts with a real theme before degenerating into the tale of two women playing sadistic tricks on each other.
Jane Fonda returns to the big screen in a comedy so one-dimensional and craven that it makes Meet the Parents look avant-garde.
If you've ever wondered what Jane Fonda would look like while scaring off a bear, the ghastly Monster-In-Law is the movie for you.
The intentionally over-the-top, at times cheerfully wicked, streak is greatly harmed by a cop-out conclusion that pushes the tone toward falsely uplifting mawkishness.
The comedy is shamelessly stupid and flagrantly vulgar by turns.
Monster-in-Law, where Bridezilla meets Godzilla, is a comedy so anemic, so toxic, that even Dracula wouldn't bite.
Calm and collected, even when going stark-raving mad, Fonda has the veneer of a true movie star and sells her title character through the sheer virtuosity of her performance.
Forgettable fluff.
Close, but no wad of chewing tobbacco out of the mouth of a Vietnam vet.
Fonda and Lopez take a potentially tired concept and give it new life
Cette comédie puérile n'offre absolument rien qui n'ait été mieux fait avant.
The movie could have sunk its claws deeper, but Fonda floors her comeback vehicle and you'd have to go to pre-pop diva days to find Lopez this effortlessly appealing.
If the screening I attended is anything to go by, this is a gay men's movie whose primary function is to doll Fonda up like a drag queen and let her rip.
This shrill, undermotivated, feature-length catfight between Jennifer Lopez's demure prospective bride and Fonda's unhinged prospective mother-in-law makes sure to underline, boldface and exclamation-point every plot turn and line of dialogue.
Even when Monster-in-Law becomes a rote, predictable ride, you want to watch it just to see what the actress will do next.
For all the frenzied (and badly staged) I Love Lucy-style slapstick, the movie's core conflict is just a marketing concept, a fluffy showcase of dueling auras with nothing much at stake and nothing really imperiled.
Why Fonda chose this embarrassing project for her first film in 15 years is, as they say, a puzzlement. She's the best thing in it; at times, it seems she's the only thing in it.
This isn't a very smart movie, rattling along as it does in the bright, superficial, meaninglessly expert way of too many modern romantic comedies -- and definitely of too many Jennifer Lopez comedies.
...a film that occasionally rises to the level of Merely Unfunny before lapsing back into Excruciating and Offensive.
Lopez chooses to declaw herself and play a sweet milquetoast, a mouse showing up for a catfight.
Fonda doesn't work out.
Taken as a whole, this dark comedy from Robert Luketic (Legally Blonde) is torturously slow, stupid, shallow and predictable. But there are a few shining components.
No Amityville horrors, no murderous little girl phantoms and not even Paris Hilton can contend with the likes of Fonda.
Is it worth 10 bucks to watch Jennifer Lopez and Jane Fonda retread the same sitcom territory trampled twice by Ben Stiller and Robert De Niro? The short answer is 'No.'
Fonda: pushing, pushing up daisies.
The laughs are as scarce as Coke machines in the Kalahari.
I know Monster-in-Law is just a slapstick comedy, but is it too much to expect the characters to exhibit routine intelligence?
Fonda joins a select sorority of mature, serious actresses made silly by the movies.
Somebody help me - I'm turning into Roger Ebert.
How can you not admire a movie that might find itself picketed by veterans groups and PETA at the same time?
A fingers-across-the-blackboard sitcom.
it's safe to say there is not one surprising or memorable moment in the bland "Monster-In-Law."
Essentially Meet the Parents redux with Fonda in the scarifying De Niro role.
Strident and unvaried, this one-joke farce is as silly and lazy as any third-rate sitcom.
Fiendishly good fun.
Lots of potential for laughs but few if any genuinely funny moments.
For all the hoo-ha about Jane Fonda's return to the screen after a 15-year hiatus, the bigger news is that her character is essentially a drag queen.
...Jane Fonda probably should have stayed retired (the actress emerged from a 15-year sabbatical for this?)
The experience of viewing this movie represents a one-way ticket into tedium and a forced 90-minute imprisonment with Jennifer Lopez and Jane Fonda, both of whom give performances that can charitably be called cringe-inducing.
Jane Fonda digs into her part with such campy relish that she seems to be having an actor's holiday in an otherwise overly campy, calculated and uninspired comedy.
The script can't even get from A to B without the seams showing.
A deeply dispiriting movie, not just because it is grindingly bad but because Jane Fonda actually chose this for her comeback after a 15-year absence from the screen.
a particularly uninspired sitcom that's desperately recycling hack-material at cyclone speed to no avail
Knockabout comic is just the latest incarnation in Fonda's life so far. Let her rip.
The movie might have been better served had it simply tossed out the Lopez character and given us more of Fonda.






@highlight

While Jane Fonda steals the movie in her return to the screen, a tired script and flimsy performances make this borderline comedy fall flat.