A crass, crude, and overly-familiar comedy.
Though it does have a talented cast with occasionally charming moments, it's still bad, and brainless.
It might have been a good career move for Diesel, who cut his teeth on high-octane action, but the script needs a lift and the direction feels lackluster.
Diesel has amply shown his star presence already, and he may even have a flair for comedy (if Hulk Hogan did, why shouldn't he?), but he gets no chance to prove it here.
Per its title, The Pacifier will lull you to sleep.
It's almost as if the writers got carried away with brainstorming all the funny things they could do with Vin Diesel's character.
full review in Greek
At one point, Diesel literally wades into a rancid sewer and emerges covered in feces, an image that sadly doubles as a metaphor for his career.
a nice, safe family film
Frankly, to call The Pacifier a "cookie cutter" movie is an insult to the folks who actually make cookie cutters.
The film doesn't succeed on any level.
I realize this is The Pacifier and not Vera Drake, but how this film strains credulity smacks of contempt for a paying audience
Children under the age of 12 and teenagers who never set foot in a library might get some cheap thrills out of this refuse.
Fails on both an emotional and comedic level.
The Pacifier is typically Disney: non-offensive to the point of banality.
...perfect for less-discriminating viewers, and those who just want a 98-minute respite from using their brain.
The good news is that the film accelerates just when Vin Diesel's acting ability starts to wane.
Just funny enough to recommend and it has a lot of heart.
Basically, this is Big Vin's Kindergarten Cop and your enjoyment of it will depend on just how much of a Vin fan you are.
Diesel seems to talk at half-speed most of the time, and doesn't exactly have a natural comic sensibility, but he works hard with a cast of great kids.
Jamais pensei que diria algo assim, mas confesso que, pela primeira vez na vida, senti saudades de Hulk Hogan. Pelo menos ele tem um bigode engraçado.
Sheer boredom, unless you're under the age of 7.
Abysmal.
Come and enjoy Vin Diesel as you have never seen him before.
Diesel has fun puncturing his movie persona in The Pacifier. If only this film weren't so dopey.
For what it is--lazily written fluff--the film's extremely entertaining.
Rarely are films produced without an ounce of motivation or purpose, yet The Pacifier was green-lit by one of the worldâ(TM)s largest corporations apparently without anyone realizing that nothing in it makes a lick of sense.
Oh, Vin Diesel, whither your career?
The Pacifier is really hilarious and one of my favorite films so far this year.
As new kids movie star Ice Cube takes over Vin Diesel's XXX role, the once promising star of the Riddick franchise here descends into a horrific holding pattern.
A shrewd attempt to humanize Vin Diesel, who has been floundering in bloated action blockbusters.
...as an adult I really need more than a few "poopie diaper" jokes to keep me in my theater seat and generate big laughs.
There is no pleasure, guilty or otherwise, to be found in The Pacifier.
It piles on gags about dirty diapers and other ill-timed bodily functions.
Silly as it is, the Disney formula remains viable because it still works
Diesel seems more comfortable barking orders than maneuvering through the nuances of funny business.
Tommy Lee Jones and five cheerleaders; Vin Diesel and five toddlers. What's next? Harrison Ford and five crazy out of control nursing home patients?
[An] unintentional fascist satire.
A yawn-by-numbers romper-room dud that is nevertheless shrewd enough to tweak its star, Vin Diesel, for becoming a joke in less time than it took him to become an action hero.
The Pacifier marks Vin Diesel's official descent into oblivion.
Cookie-cutter Navy-S.E.A.L .-as-babysitter comedy.
The Pacifier may be a better tyrannical father-figure movie than Man of the House, but that's a very low standard.
Haven't we seen this movie before?
Vin Diesel has a lot of charm and he's not worried about looking foolish (which is a good thing because he looks foolish a lot).
Diesel loses steam as he aims for the family audience
The Pacifier is what you would politely call "product." It is manufactured according to a specific formula - one that is familiar, comforting, and non-threatening.
It's so awful. This reminds me, every once in a while on television they'll show failed sitcom pilots that never got picked up by the networks, and this has the feel of something like that.
[Director Shankman] walks the line between wholesome and wacky and ends up with the cinematic equivalent of a minivan.
Neither Diesel nor the kids ever really get the best of each other -- but each gets in enough good licks to fill a mostly lull-free 90 minutes.
Vin Diesel reports to diaper duty in the charmingly dippy Disney flick The Pacifier. Diesel's willingness to appear foolish lends this movie its offbeat appeal
Could have been a thousand times worse
Vin Diesel makes a shaky foray into kiddie films with The Pacifier
A lame-as-lame-can-be bust.
Vin Diesel does the best he can, but even the most gifted comedian couldn't make this hackneyed screenplay work
If you truly love your children, you will take them to see a different movie.
Vin Diesel finally does a decent film. This isn't a laugh out loud comedy but it is a pleasant experience that will give you a few chuckles. Worth a matinee ticket.
Of course it's a PG movie, but do family audiences deserve stupid and trite stories?
The Pacifier is low on Diesel fuel, though probably amusing enough if you're part of the intended demographic.
The easily entertained may be mollified by this unimaginative variation on Kindergarten Cop, but anyone expecting more than formulaic pabulum will feel a temper tantrum coming on long before the film makes its way to the predictably happy ending.
Following in the footsteps of the Arnolds and the Sylvesters before him, Vin Diesel pulls off a nice comic performance in the otherwise gushy The Pacifier.
[Diesel's] funnier here than he was in The Chronicles of Riddick, and that one wasn't even billed as a comedy.
The concept that sort of worked for Arnold Schwarzenegger becomes a cringe-inducing misfire for Vin Diesel in this sloppy mess of a family film that's neither cute nor funny.
A formulaic Disney comedy.
When you look like a billiard ball and prefer to growl your lines while lobbing a glance that says, 'It would delight me to kill you,' it's hard to mix and match with the sweetie-pie kids of The Pacifier.
Vin Diesel, I used to love you ... but The Pacifier is making my job a lot harder.
An unnecessarily morbid premise that sits uneasily with the slapstick comedy that follows.
The director of Bringing Down the House and the writer and co-creator of Reno 911! fail to find anything funny outside of the diaper pail.
Makes Agent Cody Banks 2: Destination London look like a Bond film.
Making the audience wish they were seeing an old Hulk Hogan movie is simply sad.
Makes last week's cinematic exploration of surrogate parenthood by an authority figure - Man of the House, with Tommy Lee Jones -- look like a Billy Wilder comedy in comparison.
An abysmal comedy.
Even at 97 minutes, The Pacifier is too long.
The Pacifier isn't going to redefine kids' films, but it's far less painful than what it could have been.
Has sufficient mayhem to please Diesel's action fans while allowing the star to reach out to family audiences.
Pacifying, not exciting, is this movie's unalterable mission.
A true family comedy with laughs for everyone and some honest insights into family dynamics.
Laid out in such a rote manner that to call it by-the- numbers would be an insult to numbers.
Blah comedy.
Though [Diesel] has a definite, if somewhat oily, charisma, comedy really isn't his forte.
The Pacifier provides passable, albeit predictable, family fare sure to please the kids without forcing their adult counterparts to whine like babies.
Vin Diesel is baby food in The Pacifier. He's strained peas, pureed plums and all manner of pabulum. So all older than 5 beware: This is a movie you'll likely want to spit up.
The Pacifier falls into the same category as Are We There Yet? which gave Ice Cube a similar baby-sitting gig with equally dreadful results.
Essentially the same move Schwarzenegger made with his supposedly family-friendly comedy Kindergarten Cop, only The Pacifier is even dumber and considerably more crass.
The Pacifier represents a form of cruel, but actually very usual, punishment for anyone past the age of 7.
The Pacifier is one of those movies that jams together two ideas that in the end don't work.
Without doubt the worst film of the year so far, The Pacifier is actually painful to watch.
This premise is promising, but somehow the movie never really takes off.
The movie plays like it was cobbled together from sheetrock and carpet tacks, this makes The Pacifier just worth your children's time, and hardly worth yours.
Pacifiers are made to appease toddlers, but for the movie version, even that may be a stretch.
Diesel's stern, stubbly demeanor and leaden performance make [Tommy Lee] Jones look like Jim Carrey.
Even the most basic sit-com slapstick needs a story!
This cross between Kindergarten Cop and Uncle Buck is neither as bad nor as inventive as it could have been. It's not a 180 for Diesel, but more like a 120.
The tinny dialogue of the clumsy screenplay stumbles over the simplest moments of exposition and revelation and Adam Shankman's anonymous direction is plodding at best...
As stinky as the diapers star Vin Diesel constantly keeps sticking his hands in.
The kind of movie that makes diaper duty look like an appealing alternative.
Diesel isn't a terrible actor, but his choice of projects is about as apt as his choice of stage names. What, were Mack O'Kerosene and Buck Unleaded already taken?
[B]rought me... to a low during which I was actually calculating the precise moment in which [this] crossed the line into categorical awfulness...
resolutely sunny and smiley-faced... Next to this, 'The Brady Bunch' looks like 'Long Day's Journey into Night.'
Recycled material through and through, and what it offers in the affability of its star is countered with a mean streak of humiliation passed off as humor.
Will sate teens and younger audiences and at least not shame their accompanying guardians.
It's like 'The School of Rock,' only it's not funny.
Maybe it's a good thing the film is nearly a complete wreck, because it does provide a strong reminder just how much care and effort went into Kindergarten Cop.
Disney's new family flick is chipper and occasionally clever as it sends up the high-tech know-how required by 21st-century parents.
To those who think critics are too hard on movies...I ask, can you tell the difference between a Pacifier and a School of Rock? Family films don't have to suck.
A comic train wreck consisting of limp dialogue, predictable plot twists and elaborate sight gags that fall flat.
Is Vin Diesel stiff and one-note? Yes, but comedy is about reactions. What's funny is the kids reacting to him, not his hammy antics.
Crude humor, weirdly homophobic insults, uncomfortably stereotyped bad guys, and a plot twist involving a swastika that the target age group won't understand or relate to.
Could have just as easily played out in a three-minute montage that would have saved Disney a bunch of money, and allowed me to stay home and watch Gilmore Girls.
A truly gag-worthy comedy.
You can see the fingerprints of lots of other projects on The Pacifier, so the surprise is that the movie is as sweet and endearing as it is.
Vin Diesel is better than the material, but, no matter how hard he tries, he can't rise above the puerile screenplay.
Moms, dads and anyone else who's nurtured children in the 21st century [will] revel in the catharsis.
[A] frenzied, cumbersome tangle of potty jokes.
This moderately amusing family comedy is one of those movies that is better if you don't think about it.
Jokes never build, stagings are clumsy, and the whole thing feels as if it were slapped together in haste.
The Pacifier is cheerful but mind-numbing.
Vin Diesel's new movie may not pacify his extreme-action-addict fans looking for an adrenaline fix, but it is a nice little Disney film that is a surprisingly pleasant way to spend time with the family.
Well there's 91 minutes of my life I'll never get back.
Before parodying your action superstar image, don't you first have to be an action superstar?
Harmless, though mediocre, live-action family fare...likely to strike even the small fry as covering awfully familiar territory.
Squarely a kids' film, but mom and dad will have some fun too.
Family-man Vin actually runs a gamut of emotions, expressing four different facial expressions throughout Pacifier, which is three more than I expected.
Why did they think Vin Diesel, a guy with the emotive power of a rock, could do comedy?
Embarrassingly true to form.
A delightful, involving comedy with a little suspense and action thrown in. Vin Diesel is surprisingly sensitive and comedic as a tough, lonely warrior turned paterfamilias.
A by-the-books Disney family film. If this is what you are looking for, Diesel delivers an easy, goodwill charm. The preview audience embraced it.
A horrible movie in a genre of horrible movies in which Vin Diesel is horrifically miscast.



@highlight

Vin Diesel parodies his tough guy image for the family audience, but the result is only moderately amusing.