Off-putting drama of growing up male in the 1970s.
Nothing wrong with working out borderline incestuous fixation issues. But a film still has to be more than your very own shrink, and reach out to the audience and rise above psychodrama interplay more suited to the therapist couch.
While his script is good, even poetic at times, it certainly cannot be called an outstanding effort.
House of D is a delightful coming of age drama/comedy that deals with weighty matters of the soul.
Not only does Robin Williams play a retarded man with fake teeth, but he also gets to wear old-age makeup. It's the schmaltz trifecta!
... In this house, "D" is for dull.
David Duchovny's first stab at writing and directing takes him to a place close to his heart - the New York of his youth.
Maybe not a "D," but this coming-of-age yarn from writer-director-actor David Duchovny certainly rates no better than a "C."
Were it not for the cast attached to this project, I doubt it would ever see the inside of a movie-house.
Duchovny cares dearly for these characters. ... Unfortunately, he's little more than a novice when it comes to keeping clichés out of the storytelling process.
As synthetic and embarrassing as the knit lace-up shirt the 12-year-old hero wears to his first boy-girl dance.
Somewhere in between a good first effort and a fascinating train wreck.
There exists a difference between stylized dialogue and trite, hackneyed dialogue.
Dour, dry Duchovny's directorial debut is more weepy than creepy, a conventional coming-of-age story that flashes back to 1970s New York City.
The problem is that the film is for the most part boring.
It's a fable that's too fabulous by half.
Because dark secrets always summon flashbacks, the telling of Tom's plunges us back to Greenwich Village, circa 1973. Sideburns sprout, classic rock proliferates and lapels run amok. Then the horror really begins.
The kind of personal film that fails in a way that makes your teeth ache. It's obviously a labor of love on the part of its first-time writer-director, but as a coming-of-age memoir it lacks charm, originality and taste.
Though intermittently charming, House of D forecloses on itself.
Clanks on nearly every level.
An uneven childhood memoir whose moments of heart are undermined by overt plot contrivances and a mawkish sentimentality.
A sweet but inept coming-of-age tale.
A movie that with its own review in its title.
Duchovny displays a firm sense of time and place and genuine affection for all his characters, offering up plenty of amusing running gags and, most courageously, unabashed emotion.
So ineptly written and directed by Duchovny, and so poorly performed by Duchovny and Robin Williams in particular, that it is embarrassing to watch.
In need of a tighter narrative and, more importantly, a raison d'être.
Of the many mistakes Duchovny makes, perhaps the worst is his criminal underuse of Leoni (his real-life spouse), who's about the only thing the film has going for it.
As soon as Williams enters, simpering, this is a character that we wish would die a horrid death, or at least disappear. That's a problem Duchovny can't overcome.
Anton Yelchin is the real reason to see the film. The teenage actor has already shown a flair for underplaying to good effect on the Showtime series Huff.
House of D dawdles along as the sort of 1970s-inflicted coming of age reminiscence that feels like the unprocessed ramblings of its creator.
Duchovny's tone shifts in this seriocomic mess are mishandled, so that the comic parts aren't funny and the serious stuff elicits inappropriate laughter.
A shaggy, self-indulgent psychodrama.
The year is young -- there is a movie featuring Paris Hilton due soon -- but it's hard to imagine anything in 2005 being more excruciating to endure.
Despite a weak foundation built with coming-of-age clichés, House of D almost works as a melancholy look back.
This movie tries so hard; it's practically begging for you to like it - but being earnest isn't enough.
House of D wears its classic story like a fine suit, but it teeters on the cliché, occasionally falling into the rut of the predictable.
The movie never gels. It lies there, flat and unconvincing, with little spurts of florid melodrama.
It's like someone's sad idea of what a heartwarming drama about adolescence should be.
House of D is the kind of movie that particularly makes me cringe, because it has such a shameless desire to please.
Duchovny is in big trouble every frame of the way. His characters ring false, his scenes seem improperly motivated in a glaring way, and his distasteful obsession with imagery of unflushed cigarette butts bobbing in a toilet is beyond inexplicable.
The film never sidesteps the puddles of self-indulgence that soil many feature-length directorial debuts, particularly those of an autobiographical nature.
What should be a 10-minute anecdote turns into a sluggish and overly sentimental tale that won't hold the interest of anyone outside Duchovny's immediate family.
A little more literary than lifelike, House of D is a story that feels too pat, and too perfect, for its own good.
Less successful with these sentimentally embroidered holy fools and fairy-tale damsels than with its nicely drawn relationship between Tommy and Melissa.
A heartfelt, if wildly uneven, character piece. When even Robin Williams seems vaguely embarrassed ... it should be taken as a clear sign to throttle back on the sentiment.
This sort of tommyrot might make you cry, but so would getting smacked in the face with a bag of onions, which is what watching the movie is like.
Although Williams' performance is painful to watch, the bigger problem is the role he serves in the story as a whole.
Goes from bad to unbearable in a single scene.
Every scene, every minute -- practically every shot -- is utterly, relentlessly unbelievable.
It's a heartfelt production, and a tough one to kick around, but to recommend it on intentions alone would be making many innocent people suffer.
Duchovny hoped to make his viewers laugh and cry. He succeeded all right, but for all the wrong reasons.
The 'D' in the title indicates not just its would-be auteur's name, but also the grade the movie deserves.
Faltering vanity production that's riddled with trite cliches and utterly, profoundly predictable.
A mawkish coming-of-age tale that relies on melodramatic theatrics.
'House of D' felt rushed to me, and none of its elements seemed fully developed.
The ideal girl wears an orange jumpsuit.
A pre-teen has a homosexual retarded 41 year-old friend and a sexually inappropriate mother. Is this Duchovny's psycho-sexual autobiography?
Erykah Badu is the best thing in House of D
What could have been a funny and devastating portrait of a youth on the brink of adulthood instead devolves into not always convincing melodrama.
It's both something you can guess and something I can't revisit without wanting to 'pit up.
Duchovny delivers a clearly heartfelt but terminally mawkish and awkward directorial debut.
All in all, it's hard to give House of D an out and out recommendation, but at the same time, it's a sweet little film.
The movie presents Tommy's crisis and its resolution back-to-back, with little to suggest the years of damage that would require such a feel-good epilogue.
It's unfortunate not so much for Duchovny as it is for the viewer, who must endure a cloying, achingly precious coming of age story.
It's too bad that upstart moviemaker Duchovny couldn't imprison the schmaltz factor in this sappy detention drama and throw away the jail keys in the process
In fact, it represents Duchovny as a capable writer and director with a promising career outside of the X-Files milieu.
The film looks and feels authentic, but Duchovny has powered his undeniably personal journey with a counterfeit heart.
The D in the House of D refers to Detention -- which is where David Duchovny should be sent for writing, directing, and starring in this earnest, self-consciously quirky coming-of-age mess.
Duchovny's assured direction is repeatedly tripped up by his awkward script.
House of D is intensely incompetent.
Duchovny's evil alien twin (perhaps the same one who chose roles in Return to Me and Connie and Carla) must have written the schmaltzy, wildly improbable script.
[A] sappy and improbable story.
Based on the miserable results, House of D will be Duchovny's only shot. And that's the one blessing to come from this mess.
David Duchovny claims he wrote the screenplay for House of D in only six days. It shows.
Duchovny has crafted a small but not slight film about some impressive truths, filled with some wonderful characters and only slightly overbaked.
A loose-knit coming-of-age tale for which perhaps the best word is baffling...
Cluttered, overly plotted and too much is too easily resolved. As sincere an effort as it is, it would take a much better script to overcome all of that.
David Duchovny wants to tell an important story. He wants his writing-directing debut to be the heaviest, most life-altering movie you've ever seen. He doesn't quite get there.
Duchovny overreaches with his first film, but he does achieve several lovely small moments when he's not directing himself.
The movie is Exhibit A of what can happen when an actor is allowed to pursue a vanity project without outside intervention.
A film that takes a steadfastly gentle look at some of life's harshest moments while not overlooking its joys.
The reasons to avoid House of D, David Duchovny's earnest, unwatchable coming-of-age drama, can best be summarized in a simple declarative sentence. Robin Williams plays a retarded janitor.
Not only is this a movie about a 13-year-old-boy, but it often appears to have been assembled by one, as well.
There is nothing particularly wrong with it, but there is little compelling to command your attention, either.
It's a warm, nostalgic mood piece that recaptures a time and place when people were friendlier and more human, things were more positive, movies were more creative and life was more fun.
I'm sorry to report it's the opposite of impressive.
David Duchovny's debut as a writer-director puts little flesh on the bones of the roguish tricks he got up to as a lad in Greenwich Village in the 1970s.
David Duchovny's misguided House of D is now the barometer I use to judge how bad other films are.
Feels false and platitudinous -- a calculated crowd-pleaser that, despite being an original story, plays like a poorly condensed novel with a scripter unable to make choices.
A cacophony of completely false notes that end in a tear-jerking crescendo.
This sly, often funny coming-of-age tale thwarts clichés of the genre by cloaking them in an aura that skirts the fantastical...
An overly picaresque first feature written and directed by David Duchovny.
There's a new young star in-the-making named Anton Yelchin, awaiting your perusal in this touching film...
So bogged down in problems that it's hard to enjoy what could have been a touching coming-of-age story.
Marred by a rambling voice-over at one end and a pat therapeutic resolution on the other, the film has a nice half-hour patch somewhere in the middle.
About caricatures rather than people.
Duchovny shows signs of wit and wisdom [but this] feels much more written than lived...for every funny or gut-wrenching moment, three head-scratching ones are sure to follow.
Awkward and atrocious in equal measure.
Duchovny has created a literate film, as we knew someone of his assumed intellect could




@highlight

A sincere but inept coming of age story.