A fitting send off to one of America's best actors who dominates the screen.
A moving morality play indicting America for its ongoing love affair with the Second Amendment.
takes too many shortcuts and easy-outs in exploring the issue
Full of grating hysterics and solemn symbolism.
It isn't trite or strident - it doesn't shout or pound the desk - and, in a way, its own thoughtfulness is its worst enemy.
American Gun arrives in theaters too late to really make a difference or say anything new on the subject of school shootings.
[T]his is no bit of cheap exploitation created merely to rake in some dough. But purity of motives aside, the film simply isn't very good.
It's a bit like watching a weaker version of Crash, with fewer coincidences.
Despite a few effective moments, Gun ... never makes the big statement it seems to be reaching for.
What we're left with after watching "American Gun" isn't a sense of who's right or who's wrong, but more of a sadness that so many people feel so powerless and afraid that they think owning a gun will set things right.
Rather than blast us with a strong polemic, Avelino chooses to trace what are often the everyday ramifications of living in an armed society.
The guns seem to have been shoved in various characters' pockets as afterthought, and Avelino's interlocking stories never click.
[Avelino] shows an almost tender restraint in his story-telling, not pounding us with a message but simply looking steadily at how guns have made these lives difficult.
While not a perfect movie by any means -- a few scenes feel forced -- there is plenty to recommend it, even beyond the truly great performances.
It's so well done.
...more like talking points for a film than a finished product. The effects of violence and the gun trade are examined, but little light is shed.
Aside from a few moments of quiet pathos that ring true, Avelino's directorial debut is a calculated piece of cinematic outrage marred by on-the-nose dialogue and melodramatic contrivance.
While this is not exactly a hopeful movie, it's a polished exercise in the kind of social commentary that can wake people up.
Actually PAY MONEY to see this in a theater? No way.
Handy rule of thumb for first- time filmmakers: No more than one crying scene per film, please. Like any other commodity, tears aren't worth much if they're overstocked.
While the movie feigns objectivity, it's clear from the start that, for Avelino and co-writer Steven Bagatourian, there's not a scenario imaginable in which having a firearm on hand would be preferable to not having one.
Many guns litter this multicharacter examination of the insidious ways firearms have become a fixture in American life, but only one is ever fired and with devastating results.
This stridently sorrowful polemic against the proliferation of handguns in the United States consists of three fictional vignettes.
Avelino's message about America's gun-happy culture is so foursquare and what-you-see-is-what-you-get that it's possible to walk out of the film wondering if you missed the point.
The acting is pro enough to keep your blood up, but the reverb is minimal.
'American Gun' takes the wise step of looking not at a particular school massacre, but at those intimately affected.
Skittishly paced and dramatically diffuse, American Gun misfires.
...an overblown and surprisingly tedious polemic.
Painfully earnest but dramatically inert.



@highlight

Despite its intriguing premise, this earnest anti-gun polemic is too melodramatic to resonate.