What an awful last film for most of its audience to see, a grim, tinkling, multicoloured Typhoid Mary of cinema.
Maggie Smith is as British as ever - and she has the best lines for dressing down the Americans... [Full review in Spanish]
Really, knowing that sequels rarely, if ever, live up to the original, why would a production studio risk calling a movie "The Second Best" anything? Still, there are several good reasons to see it.
You have to credit all concerned for granting this second -- and better -- Marigold Hotel an appropriately rueful conclusion that tempers the jollity of the Bollywood-style wedding that has come just before.
Just like the picturesque little Jaipur hotel at the centre of the story, this second best instalment is still very much worth a visit.
As haphazardly and indifferently plotted as it is, you can't go entirely wrong with a movie that lets you watch Judi Dench, Bill Nighy, Penelope Wilton, and Celia Imrie for two hours, joined by Richard Gere, David Strathairn and Tamsin Greig.
There's not much to say about the plot. Second Best suffers from sequelitis, as so many sequels do, in that it's just more of the same.
Marigold asks us to simply sit back and enjoy being in the presence of its A-list ensemble. A brief chat between Dench and Smith is well worth the price of a ticket.
This Exotic Hotel is likable. The first Exotic Hotel was lovable. That's the difference.
Fans of the first film will enjoy this, which is basically more of the same with added Richard Gere.
The retirees' embrace of India, and a resulting lack of transformative experiences, diminish the dramatic possibilities in Second.
This is helped greatly by the easy charm of the prestige stars, many of whom are old mates and settle into variations on their sweetly standard shtick, with Smith, of course, making every knacker's-yard one-liner zing.
Director John Madden smartly gives the Dames a couple of scenes together and keeps the whole enterprise light.
The sequel, The Second Best Exotic Marigold Hotel, retains some of the original's delectable bits but over-eggs the cake to the point of making the audience gag.
'The Second Best Exotic Marigold Hotel' is indeed second-best. The element of surprise is long gone, the love's gone a bit stale, and Sonny talks too much. But he dances well!
A warm and fun crowd pleaser.
It's a form of comfort food that delights even if it lacks surprises.
The familiar essence of this mostly palatable cocktail is elegiac sentimentality cut with English reticence.
I could have done with less of Sonny's comical wittering and more of grand dames Smith and Dench sitting around sipping drinks in the sun, but honestly? The Second Best Exotic Marigold Hotel wasn't made to please me.
The Second Best Exotic Marigold Hotel is an amusing adventure. It often stops short of depth of character in favor of an easy laugh, but it doesn't shy away from a bit of heartbreak. It can be a heady mix of mirth and melancholy when it wants to be.
At least the film ends with a big Bollywood song-and-dance number. But it's too little too late for all but the most die-hard fans of the original.
Somehow the narrative holds together, and some sincere moments offset the feeling of bloat that sets in over the film's two hours. It's hard to complain too much about seeing the likes of Nighy and Dench in action.
You wish the slavish devotion to plot could be entirely forgotten in favor of sun-baked character turns and the amiability of a good ensemble. When those things take over, this film hits its stride.
The Second Best Exotic Marigold Hotel is a two-hour long catnap, affable and picturesque enough to remain watchable between long, slow blinks, but also about as pointless and dull as a movie can get.
This is a fun story with as many layers as a Jaipuri pagdi.
A treat to watch, and a commentary on the clash of Indian and Western ideas.
Postcard-pretty eldercare-tourism. Exotic-Asian-travel porn alongside faint English condescension. The squirminess of Dev Patel 'Indianing up' his speech for white viewers. And then there's how thinly spread the charm is over so many weak storylines.
Cleverly written and expertly acted, "The Second Best Exotic Marigold Hotel" is a welcome, sunny treat during these final weeks of winter.
There's plenty of chemistry among the superb veteran cast.
If this film poses any questions that aren't simply redundant at this point, it's the film's frank look at age and the abrasive acknowledgement of time...
It is harmless and there are a still a few chuckles to be found in this light, bubbly confection of a film - perfect for lazy Sunday afternoon viewing.
There is way too much going on. Parallel stories for all of these characters mean most all of them aren't fully developed.
Judi Dench and Maggie Smith are the best excuses to see the second best film of the pair
The elder actors are, of course, perfect. They never overplay the comedy or the drama, and this reserve works in counterpoint to Dev Patel's high-energy patter.
The audience for whom this sequel is targeted will enjoy the predictability of a well-executed sequel.
Satisfyingly soapy sequel, culminating in a gloriously pseudo-Bollywood dance spectacle....
The whole movie is caught somewhere between apology and entitlement.
Mostly it's a chance to hear some saucy senior citizens trade barbs, with the delightful dames, Dench and Smith, making the most of it.
...a sweet and often funny movie populated by likable actors who know their business.
Not up to the original and probably doesn't need to exist at all, but this follow-up is certainly a fine way to spend a couple of hours with our old friends from the first movie.
While no doubt determined to make a sequel worthy of the original, the makers of this movie ended up with a film that comes in second best by a long shot. It achieves mediocrity only because of the talent of the actors carried over from the original film.
Shows little strain in maintaining its cute factor, thanks to the drily winning personalities of the likes of Smith, Dench, Nighy, and the comic ebullience of Patel.
It's almost guaranteed to make undemanding fans of the first smile, but it is overall an empty experience.
...the ugly attitude within The Second Best Exotic Marigold Hotel is well-deserving of some humbling, especially as it strives to put people in their place, and not in a guest management way.
The new film affirms the idea that the hotel is a sort of pre-heaven heaven, an autumnal "opportunity for life and for passing on the value of that life to others."
A pleasant, if predictable, romantic romp laced with far more mirth than sophistication or substance.
Often motivated by financial greed, many sequels satiate businesspeople while disappointing moviegoers. But "The Second Best Exotic Marigold Hotel" manages to buck the often-botched sequel trend with yet another naturally charming film.
The filmmakers can't be faulted for a sequel, but they can be blamed for saddling their stunning cast with this half-baked, 80's sitcom-level, shell of a script. No one will be visiting The Third Best Exotic Marigold Hotel without some real renovations.
Crass, strident and over-done, second-rate second best.
As far as sequels go this second-go-round for what sounded like a one-shot deal is actually a nice step up from the delights of the first film.
Despite good stuff, the movie sputters, drags, and lurches from episode to episode, juggling way too many characters and plot complications without having much reason for existing.
Whether or not it succeeds will depend on how individual viewers weigh the movie's narrative flaws against the profound appeal of its stars and setting. For my part, it was a reminder that sometimes second best is good enough.
The film bests its predecessor, although, to be sure, the difference is slender.
Definitely second best, and not in a good way.
Like the Best Exotic Marigold Hotel itself, the novelty of the concept is a bit worse for wear, and this second go-round lacks the urgency of the first film.
Chances are, if you liked The Best Exotic Marigold Hotel, you'll like the second best one as well.
There's a sweetness to the proceedings that never quite overpowers the melancholy of maturity, and a sympathy for human frailty that stops just short of suggesting that anything goes once everything starts to go.
Madden and Parker do an excellent job of weaving all the individual stories together. That, along with the rousing dance number at the end, make "The Second Best Exotic Marigold Hotel" the treat that it is.
Considering the dearth of roles for older actors, "The Second Best Exotic Marigold Hotel" is a family film suitable for the non "Fifty Shades of Grey" crowd.
The most unnecessary sequel since COCOON:THE RETURN.
Douglas's halting evolution as a reborn man and Nighy's engaging reenactment of his stammers, ardor, and honesty, are prime examples of what's right in this erratic follow-up.
Sure, it has the comfy vibe of the familiar, but it's all in feel-good fun.
The actors are again terrific, but the syrup and superficiality of the first film, too, are back in this unnecessary sequel.
As in the first film, when the going gets a little too soapy or overly maudlin, the cast of mostly old pros elevate the material with the sheer force of their collective skill.
The Best Exotic Marigold Hotel was such a worldwide sleeper hit, and its British-Indian cast so beloved, that it's no surprise that three years later they're back in Rajasthan.
That's the wonderful thing about great actors -- they can turn gush into gold.
Every storyline is more predictable than the first time out.
The Second Best Exotic Marigold Hotel caters to those who enjoyed the first film, but has otherwise completely lost what made the original film somewhat special. The humor is so unfunny that you'll be clawing your eyes out in frustration.
A bit like a second linty mint delivered from the depths of your grandmom's cardigan pocket: sweet but, really, no need.
Great cast, but sequel doesn't match original's charm.
The Second Best Exotic Marigold Hotel is exactly that - second best.
Anyone who liked the first won't be disappointed with the sequel. Added to the story and the fine acting is the eye-popping color that is so typical of Bollywood...closing with a wonderful dance involving the entire cast.
When it does what it does well, it does it really well, and once again, it has a dreamy ensemble that has the ability to rise above the material itself.
With the cast of personalities established in the previous film, the sequel is a pleasant enough meander through the boroughs of character.
Any film that can't make good use of Nighy, an actor whose shrewd intelligence shines through even in dreck like "Underworld: Rise of the Lycans," is doing something dreadfully wrong.
The same problems as the first film also re-occur, and this time they're a bit more glaring.
There's a stretched and buffoonish quality to the aptly named "The Second Best Exotic Marigold Hotel" that detracts from any sincere sentiment or wisdom the film hopes to impart.
Kudos to John Madden for doing a sequel that isn't worn out super heroes or so-so sci-fi. The movie works but is still the second best Exotic Marigold Hotel.
As was the cast the first time around, the simple presence of the cast makes it all go down fairly easy. (Full Content Review -- Sex, Profanity, Violence, etc. -- for Parents also available)
It's as sweet at the first but is too content to repeat itself. The result: a blend of amiability and aimlessness that helps it lives down to the "second best" in its title.
Maggie Smith, who is so sincere as Muriel, manages to make the film bearable as it comes to an emotional conclusion leaving you with a small, but definitely present, lump in your throat.
All manner of subplots weave their way through the film, which teems with "colorful" characters and saccharine cliches. But, like the first film, it's next to impossible not to find diversion in the company of such stalwarts as Dench and Nighy and Smith.
I'd love to see a third "Marigold" adventure. Better yet, a "Masterpiece Theater"-type TV series, where we get to spend an hour every week with the regulars at the hotel and various newcomers who stop in.
The only significant thing to discuss about the movie is how familiar it is...
Gently disrupts all of the happy endings of the first film just enough to allow for some minor misunderstandings, pointed commentary, and even happier endings.
Because I found the original movie so engaging, I enjoyed finding out what has happened, and what is to come, in the lives of these characters.
It uses the same phenomenal cast, sweet writing and beautiful appreciation of the Indian culture to create a film that may be "second best" but is still a winner.
Suffice to say, if you enjoyed the first Hotel you'll be equally taken with the second. And if you attended the first with low expectations and came back disappointed -- well, consider that a warning.
The film has only the sheer charm of its cast to get it by, and it says a lot about the actors that they nearly pull it off.
Performances from venerable thespians such as Judi Dench, Maggie Smith, and Bill Nighy are nuanced and piquant, but they are stuck in a story with too many moving parts - most of which are worn out from overuse - that never gets anywhere.
Sure, it's pat and occasionally patronizing and too adorable by half, but it's also a rare, optimistic portrait of aging that suggests it can be a productive, erotically charged time of life.
Sequels often get a bad rap for being nothing more than the same thing redone a subsequent time. In the case of The Second Best Exotic Marigold Hotel, it's a fair cop
Good on the Marigold team for creating unlikely franchise fare, and for resisting the temptation to coddle the mystique of their "exotic" setting. But any fear of cultural imperialism has been replaced with imperialism of dullness.
a big, bright mess of a movie whose cast and locales distract from its screenwriting lapses.
The storyline of the sequel ends up tying itself in knots, and the addition of a splashy, expensive-looking Bollywood musical number just underlines the lack of perspective.
If news of the sequel made you reminisce about the halcyon days of summer 2012, your hope is rewarded.
Much of this sequel is clumsy, and awfully silly, but consistently shallow it is not.
A mildly diverting trifle, notable for its stunning setting and some deft performances but crammed with too many forgettable subplots.
Overall it's the cinematic equivalent of warm oatmeal: It goes down easy, but has almost no flavor.
More of the same, but not as good...despite the attractive facade, the movie is a pretty ramshackle affair.
The Best Exotic Marigold Hotel grossed some $46 million, an impressive take for a niche-market release, so here comes the pointless sequel.
Compared to the adventurously life-affirming and death-acknowledging honesty of its heartfelt predecessor, this film literally comes in second in every regard.
Madden doesn't do much to make these characters pop and sizzle as they managed to do occasionally in the slightly grittier original.
When such consummate actors as Maggie Smith, Judi Dench, Bill Nighy and Penelope Wilton show up together in a movie, even a sequel as wobbly as this one, you'd be wise to just sit back and behold.
As with the original, Dench, Smith, Nighy and the rest of the standout senior ensemble cast are a joy to watch and the setting, gorgeously lensed by cinematographer Ben Smithard, will have more than one person staring wistfully at their suitcases ...
More of a second helping of comfort food than a challenging sequel.
Bland and familiar.
This is a movie built upon mistaken identity, preposterous misunderstandings and misplaced jealousy - the foundations of sitcom plotting. On the plus side, it's Maggie Smith doling out Estelle Getty's lines with Downton drollness.
The acting of course is first-rate, and the movie mostly preserves the original warmth and wit of the original.
Madden has stripped away the socio-economic context from the first film and turned the sequel into some kind of thinly rationed romantic comedy.
It's asked in the film, "How many new lives can we have?" The answer, it turns, is however many we want. And as long as Dench, Smith, Nighy and Imrie stick around, the same probably is true of "Marigold" movies.
While it's not as good as its predecessor, The Second Best Exotic Marigold Hotel still skates by on the delightful charm of its ensemble cast.
Madden's movie is crammed with so many characters that we never spend enough quality time with any of them for their stories to resonate. While the many attempts at poignancy feel forced and false, the effort as a whole feels like it will never end.
Watching the film you just want to relax and settle back. It's the cinematic equivalent of a warm bath.
The director, John Madden, and the screenwriter, Ol Parker, who created the first film, try to compensate for the new movie's lack of coherence and narrative momentum. But with no real story to tell, only so much can be done.
Sequel-itis: Let's take this delightful little surprise hit and try to duplicate its success without doing anything original.
The Second Best Exotic Marigold Hotel" is a movie title that reviews itself.
"Second Best" offers little you couldn't write yourself, but it does so with respectable level of craft. The appeal lies in the ensemble playing.
There's something heartening about a franchise headlined by a bunch of 60-or-older stars, none of whom were catchphrase-spouting action heroes in their youth.
This sequel's very existence is a reminder that life goes on - and stays sexy, silly, dramatic and fun - long after everyone else tells you that the best times are over.
What little edge this tale had has been rubbed right off for this stale, slow and mirthless sequel
There's nothing exotic and definitely nothing "best" about this unnecessary sequel which has a mustier smell than grandma's attic.
The title may have double meaning, but the singular rewards of this sequel are as rich as the original.
It's the kind of movie that provides a perfect answer for when your mother or grandmother calls you up and asks, "What should I go see with the girls after our weekly canasta game?"
You do enjoy yourself but you'll enjoy yourself much more with a real Indian movie.
Coasting is all there is, in the hopes that these charismatic actors can somehow make tandoori chicken salad out of a screenplay full of lazily-constructed conflicts so contrived they'd get booted out of the Two and a Half Men writer's room.
It's hard to feel too much animosity for such a warm, entirely harmless film populated by some of Britain's best.
I can see no real reason for a sequel to the delicious 2011 hit The Best Exotic Marigold Hotel. It was perfect the first time around. But the second jog around the track passes the time pleasantly enough.
Second best by a distressingly large margin, "The Second Best Exotic Marigold Hotel" is a pointless sequel to an overlong but charming little comedy that was never designed to launch a franchise.
Yes, there are good moments from a team of veteran British actors, but overall, this return visit to the 2012 gray-set rom-com is deadly dull.
A delightful visit with old friends and a chance to see how they are faring.
The cast, as expected, does what they can with the thin material-which is to say, not much.
Nighy, Dench and Smith effortlessly complicate their thin business with deep notes of regret and longing - feelings the blue-print of a screenplay could never dream of turning into words or actions.
If there is such a thing as a warm-bath movie, The Second Best Marigold Hotel defines it. Judi Dench, Maggie Smith and Bill Nighy just get better with age in a mild comedy that celebrates life to the very end.
Look, they're all doing it to hang out and talk about when Gielgud farted in the fourth act of Lear. It's a crass cash-in, but these old thespians are charming as hell, and the movie coasts breezily by on that alone, which is just enough.
If the first film felt like snuggling up with a warm blanket, this one is like sipping a comforting cup of warm tea.
If the harsh truth is that this follow-up is second best, it's still not half bad.
Like its predecessor, the film is a charming example of what great actors can do with mediocre material.
Whether by design or accident, the follow-up actually achieves a slight improvement upon the original in most of the departments that matter.
Mortality and the possibility of fresh beginnings remain at the forefront of "Second Best," but the novelty of the setup has drifted away.
[Maggie Smith's Muriel] stands out as the point-of-view emotional heart of this surprisingly poignant sequel.
The ramshackle but likable results will go down well with a cup of tea at what will doubtless be packed matinee screenings.
The sequel to a film about old age is more old age.
The actors are so assured that they supply the nuances the script neglects and give even the lamest lines a comic zing.
Fans of the first film (of which I am one) will be pleased to know Madden and his terrific ensemble cast deliver more of the same. We are talking feelgood with a capital F.
The movie delivers all of the expected elements, only more so. And who will complain about the Dames, Judi and Maggie, bowling a few good salty lines at each other?
Hang on! This is the Hotel Inspectors episode of Fawlty Towers with Gere playing the Bernard Cribbins role.
Those who enjoyed, or at least stayed awake for, the first film will be well satisfied, for product continuity has been maintained perfectly.
Full of mild pleasures.
Although The Second Best Exotic Marigold Hotel is hardly groundbreaking it offers a very welcome opportunity to renew acquaintance with the characters we met and fell in love with three years ago.
This perfectly amiable comedy sequel can never quite transcend its own Saga holiday brochure-style complacency.
As the initial joy of being reunited with the colourful assemblage of talent wanes, the audience is left with a film that discernibly lacks the nuance of its predecessor.
If The Best Exotic Marigold Hotel was the cinematic equivalent of a comforting chicken tikka masala ready meal, then its sequel has been left in the freezer too long and reheated to lukewarm.
Another irresistible swirl of heart-warming life lessons, funny valentines and intoxicating local Indian colour, this captivating sequel is not second best at all, more a worthy companion piece to the 2011 crowd-pleaser.
Though still treacly, still exasperatingly sentimental and stereotypical, this follow-up to the first Exotic Marigold Hotel turns out to be rather better.
The Best Exotic Marigold Hotel was often referred to as 'The Avengers for pensioners'. Which I suppose would make this follow-up 'Age of Ultron for pensioners'.
A return to that sunny outpost for the elderly and infirm ushers lightly diminishing returns.
This is one hotel that's not checking out anytime soon.
There's not much of a story, just a chance to spend more time with the gang of classy sexy randy oldsters. And that's just fine.
While the sequel isn't bad, it lives up to its name as Second Best.
A badly under-developed script leaves a fine cast without much to do in this sequel to the 2012 hit...
This is pure wish fulfilment for retirees, an over-the-rainbow, Monsoon Wedding fantasy to break the monotony of trips to the Co-op, endless cups of tea and Countdown in the afternoon.
Retaining the waspish asides of the first movie but able to bring much more fragility to the fore, Smith effortlessly exposes a contradictory combination of fear and bravery that many older people will find familiar.
The Second Best Exotic Marigold Hotel is a perfectly serviceable comedy for the retirement crowd, but it has a troubling undercurrent of cultural awkwardness that's too hard to ignore.
Silver fox Richard Gere is the magic card up the filmmakers' sleeve for this warm if rambling sequel.
The Second Best Exotic Marigold Hotel squeaks through on its positivity and humour, with its sharp wit and trite wisdom delivered by a cast who could give a party political broadcast integrity and emotional impact.
While it's agreeable to spend another interlude with the characters we met four years ago in the first film, this second chapter is too slight, too laboured and too long to warrant as much attention
While not without its charms, Marigold 2 is a pretty naked cash-in.
The Second Best Exotic Hotel barely skates by on the strength of its older cast members, which of course is "the reason for the season" anyway.
This is undemanding, misty-eyed stuff; carried through by its seasoned, thoroughbred performers.
In the first film, India was effectively a brightly coloured obstacle course for the characters to blunder through. This time, we get to see it as the prize.
Fans of the original movie may be more forgiving of the weak storytelling and the awkward performances that make up this lackluster sequel.
A film that is reassuringly watchable, easy on the eye and does have more than a few moments to make you smile and laugh.
Honestly titled if nothing else, The Second Best Exotic Marigold Hotel is a sluggish also-ran compared to its predecessor, 2011's retirement-themed comedy-drama The Best Exotic Marigold Hotel.
For a film conceived without any chance of a sequel in mind, "The Best Exotic Marigold Hotel" actually lends itself surprisingly well to being extended ...

@highlight

The Second Best Exotic Marigold Hotel is about as original as its title -- but with a cast this talented and effortlessly charming, that hardly matters.