In a time when being "green" is fashionable they forget the efforts of thousands of people who have fought for generations to raise awareness in the abysmal apathy of conformism... [Full review in Spanish]
Earth Days is indicative of some of the most troubling aspects of any movement started and run by humans, namely hubris, ego, self-righteousness and bombast, etc. This is not to say you shouldn't go and see the film.
History of the environmental movement told by its activists is small in scope, but contains fascinating morsels that sustain interest.
dynamic kaleidoscope of those heady days when revolution was palpable, and individuals really believed to the core of their being that they could change the world
[A] bunch of planet-sized brains secure enough in their doomy conclusions to deliver essential information without being strident about it. If you're going to be talked at, this is the way to go.
If you're feeling nostalgic for a time when the environmental movement was something everyone embraced, Robert Stone's Earth Days is bound to comfort -- and alarm.
Considering the environmental glass houses we've constructed around us, one comes away from Earth Days wondering if it's not past time for some bricks to be slung, metaphorical or otherwise.
...mostly a celebration of gray eminences who are very satisfied with themselves.
Honoring the heroes of the environmental movement is clearly appropriate, but getting mired in nostalgia is a dirty shame.
Yes, the future still looks grim and whales are hunted here as they are in all such films, but Stone spends most of his time tracking something positive -- the birth of the environmental movement in the '60s and '70s.
If the aim of Earth Days is to make viewers refall in love with the beauty of this tiny planet, then it succeeds.
It's hard to watch this movie without feeling a little depressed and despondent about the future of mankind and its home.
Earth Days captures those years when through sheer relentlessness, activists broke through to the public and put the mounting disaster at its doorstep.
A surprise of Earth Days is seeing Richard Nixon signing progressive eco-legislation and starting the Environmental Protection Agency.
A surprisingly calm documentary about the history of American ecological activism. But it's good calm, not dead calm.
A surprisingly engaging ecodocumentary about the history of the American environmental movement from the Depression era up to the present.
We may still have a long way to go but Earth Days applauds those who have helped bring us this far.
These people, including Whole Earth catalog editor Stewart Brand and 87-year-old former Secretary of the Interior Stewart Udall, are smart and interesting folks who are worth listening to.
A rich trove of news clips and interviews inform Robert Stone's fast-moving documentary about the movement to save the planet and the cultural forces that helped it along or held it back.
Crusty eco-hippies spin random anecdotes about olden times in Earth Days, a turgid documentary on the environmental movement in the 1960s and '70s.
At once regretful and optimistic, frustrated and proud. Mr. Stone has shown us the way; now all we need is the will.
A well-informed, well-constructed story boosted by the larger-than-life personalities of its subjects, all of whom played a unique role in raising awareness for the environment.
A fine historical survey of the environmental movement in America from the 1950s to the end of the 1980s.
Once [director] Stone drops the generalities and starts getting specific, Earth Days improves considerably.
Stone's brilliance as a filmmaker is that he serves the audience by serving his film's subject. Earth Days is a compelling and dramatic chronicle of the successes and failures of US environmental policies.
A rapturous and enlightening look at the history of the environmental movement in America.
Earth Days has a lot to say about the minor victories of the past. It's too bad that the film ends at the dawn of the 1980s -- all but ignoring the most important chapter of this ongoing saga.
That Earth Days follows a simple routine in its construction does not detract from the beauty of its earnest design.
There's great archival footage (those anti-pollution PSAs with Iron Eyes Cody from the '70s remain quite powerful).
There's a bit too much of the self-congratulatory in the film, with both Hayes and population growth guru Dennis Meadows doing a fair bit of horn-tooting, but any sense of complacency is quickly undercut by the film's final act.
A quietly majestic survey of the hard-won successes and instructive failures of the American environmental movement.
A well-meaning film about environmentalism is marred by pounding music and a lack of humor.


@highlight

This engaging and well-organized eco-doc maps the successes and failures of the American environmental movement, thanks to sharp interviews and remarkable archive footage.