The Sitter is mediocrity at its finest; too boring to hate and too forgettable to get angry about. Save your money and rewatch Uncle Buck instead.
Anyone expecting The Sitter to be an especially memorable trip to the theater may just want to give their own babysitter the night off and stay home with the kids.
The Sitter is a mess because of a lot of things, but most of the blame should be focused on a lazy script that could have been written in a single afternoon.
An interesting example of the trailer being better than the film, not because it gave away all the good scenes, but because the scenes are only funny in a vacuum.
The Sitter is a pretty funny, absurdist 'worst babysitter ever' story that gives glimpses of serious commentary disguised by dick jokes and the David Gordon Green Pineapple Express & Your Highness ethos - without ever surpassing it's predecessors.
Hill has a natural talent for making any situation funny with his deadpan humor, but in The Sitter it only goes so far.
I'm a child of the 80s, as is Green. So his raunchy homage to Adventures in Babysitting did not go without notice. Unfortunately, it did not go with much laughter either.
A crass, but sweet nod to Uncle Buck, flavored with funny characters, a few sparks of drama, and a few too many cliches.
I don't think I'm too demanding. All I ask for in a comedy is that it be funny. And in "The Sitter," too often gross-outs and foul language substitute for humor.
I'm starting to wonder, truly and sincerely, if [director and former indie wunderkind] David Gordon Green is suffering from one of those brain tumors that radically alters one's personality...
The movie is funny right from the start, tells its story economically and never comes close to wearing out its welcome.
One of those films for brainless nerds which Hollywood insists on churning out.
81 joyless minutes.
Hugely dislikable...
This is yet another David Gordon Green comedy that fails to tap into its dark, noirish potential.
The Sitter is a lazy, write-by-numbers dramatic comedy that even has nauseating time for picking up a foxy lady.
There are a few funny moments, but Gordon makes a mess trying to shake up the formula with too much sauce.
The picture is as laboured as its short-breathed protagonist.
Now is the time, surely, for David Gordon Green to return to the arthouse Terrence Malick persona that first won us over a decade ago.
David Gordon Green's latest beer-soakage comedy contains one, just one, reminder of what made him a hugely promising independent filmmaker a decade ago.
Nowhere near as funny as it ought to be and is badly let down by some dodgy racial stereotyping.
Hill's streetwise-nerd shtick ensures that The Sitter is not without chuckles. They just don't all belong in the same film.
Not Superbad, just quite bad.
A noisy, unfocused, frequently annoying and intermittently offensive slapstick misfire.
At 81 mins, The Sitter literally and figuratively falls short, flirting sporadically with real laughs but confining itself largely to bland fish-outof-water gags and romcom clichés.
Warning! Though The Sitter obliges with all the elements crowd-pleasing filmmakers think they need these days-oral sex, flatulence, drugs, car smash-ups, guns 'n violence, hints of S&M, twisted adolescents-it's a sweet-natured film in disguise.
R-rated rot
Profane and for grownups only, 'The Sitter' is a raunchy fish-out-of-water story that's hilarious at times. Don't let the title fool you: This is extremely R-rated, as well it should be, and certainly isn't appropriate for children.
...a distressingly tedious piece of work that all-too-often substitutes freneticism for laughs...
The Sitter is frightfully spare on full-bodied laughs.
An oddly frantic and mostly unfunny mess.
Despite its deficiencies -- and they are many -- The Sitter is a dumb comedy made by smart people who know how to make you have fun despite what might be in your best interests.
Moneyball may be the movie that finally nabs Hill a nomination, but it's The Sitter that lets him knock one out of the comedy park.
Jonah Hill's career takes a big step backward
It does not care for your soft comedy.
The Sitter wants to have its urinal cake and eat it too, pushing the envelope of taste one minute and then delivering maudlin little life lessons the next.
It ain't PC, but with Hill's timing and Bender's Kardashian act, it's a stoner's delight.
A truly odious and repugnant comedy, the first I can remember in which I spent the entire running time rooting for the hero to get arrested.
Dull and instantly forgettable, a nostalgia trip that takes you nowhere worth going.
Things funny and serious have happened in an uncertain proportion, and the audience is left hoping for another pairing of Hill and Rockwell, and a better script with which they can work
For every laugh offered by The Sitter, there are five minutes of boredom and at least one failed scene of would-be "dramatic" character building.
Crass, ludicrous and disappointing - and, despite its deceptively mainstream title, it's definitely not appropriate viewing for kids.
The subversive streak and a hilarity courtesy of Sam Rockwell makes it worth seeing.
Rarely have I laughed out loud and rolled my eyes so often in the same film.
The Sitter seems to have a good heart, so why all the glib racism?
With his seventh feature film The Sitter, [Green] appears to have simply given up.
a slight, 70-plus minute stumble that continues the debate of aesthetics vs. selling-out
Hill plays Noah with just the right amount of self-loathing, deep down convinced of his own merit, not needing to humiliate anyone to prove it.
There is no doubt an audience for this material among adolescent boys, but for almost everyone else, this is 82 deja vu minutes of your life you're not getting back.
A weirdly charming comedy that puts an irresponsible guy in charge of three unhappy kids. Who'll crumble first?
Jonah Hill brings the piece enough of his stellar comic timing to make the comedy a decent one to catch on cable on a rainy day, but can't save a film that needed a few more rewrites and at least one more trip to the editing bay.
Hill's misadventures are crazy and crass but still funny.
Director David Gordon Green stops pushing buttons and settles for the mundane when the movie demands the offbeat and the dark.
Whips you around from ludicrous bit to bit, trying to pack in every gag possible, resulting in a piece that's not all that structurally sound or funny, but mildly enjoyable.
Jonah Hill stands tall in 'Sitter'
If you can get past that rude-awakening opening - and some of the rougher humor - there's a comedy here. And probably the last halfway acceptable one of the year.
The Sitter could be most generously described as a choppy mess that generates only a few mild chuckles amidst lots of tedium.
A depressing cascade of gross-out humor, slapstick violence, hipster fast-talk and drug gags, to which are added a predictable streak of sentiment and a dollop of cheap enlightenment.
It's predominantly a lame and not particularly funny, clever or imaginative update on the old babysitting flick (Parental Movie Review also available)
Can't generate any big chuckles in a movie loaded with such sure-fire laughs as groin-kicks and tots shouting obscenities.
Jonah Hill is a charming and hilarious guy who makes this movie funnier than it really is.
Somehow, even in this foul climate, Hill manages to stay likeable, although the strain definitely shows. The same cannot be said of director David Gordon Green.
With its messy script and weirdly edgy tone, The Sitter, a third straight R-rated comedy from one-time art house auteur David Gordon Green, is an oddity even by the standards of its own genre.
While I would never claim that The Sitter was the worst film I saw in 2011, I think it is the film that most bitterly disappointed me this year.
All you want is for somebody, something, somewhere to make you laugh. Is that so much to ask?
Where the movie comes to a complete halt is when it attempts to teach life lessons.
The script is just a lazy series of set-ups and its two premises collide uncomfortably.
An ugly little exercise in tedium whose chief selling points are its abbreviated running time (even with end credits, it barely passes the 80-minute mark) and the fact that it is slightly better than "Your Highness"
[Its] most valuable contribution to the cinematic landscape is its blessedly brief 80-minute running time.
It's smart, funny, agreeably perverse and simultaneously abrupt and exhausting.
[A] terribly unfunny and overwhelmingly raunchy film that stars the normally likable, or at least comically forgivable, Jonah Hill. He is neither here.
Jonah Hill bites off more than he can chew in this '80s up-all-night comedy.
This is adolescent humor which means, ironically, you need to be an adult to see it.
This is a warped, terribly misguided and often incredibly tasteless film.
A crasser but very nearly as sweet unofficial remake of 1987's "Adventures in Babysitting."
That sound you hear is Adventures in Babysitting breathing a sigh of relief, now confident in the knowledge that it still holds the crown as the top babysitting movie of all time.
It's hard to find much originality in The Sitter due to its overused high concept premise, but Jonah Hill's voice and David Gordon Green's vision do shine through.
None of the story's squishiness come as a real surprise, though the thinness of the material and Mr. Green's apparent willingness to settle for so little do.
Like Green's other comedies, The Sitter frequently feels like it should be hilarious, but never quite is.
[A] well-intentioned mess of a comedy so desperate for laughs it crams a half-dozen story arcs into the plot without telling one of them well.
Sit this one out.
As with many R-rated studio comedies, the transgressive humor isn't nearly as offensive as the phony sentiment that's supposed to redeem it.
Hill's trademark verbal hyperactivity never truly breaks through a script that's way more complicated than it needs to be.
This ostensibly wild-and-crazy romp plays things too close to the book to feel genuinely wild or crazy.
A needlessly frenzied, pseudo-raunch comedy that whips up a whole lot of R-rated antics only to arrive at crunchy PG-13 lessons in love and tolerance.
Doesn't stick around for long, but still manages to overstay its welcome.
...a lazy first produced screenplay that turns "Adventures in Babysitting" into pretty much one adventure with Jonah Hill as a failed student who is nonetheless packed with folksy wisdom for the kids left in his charge
While The Sitter isn't that dumb, or dreadful, there really isn't much going on here.
It features a script that strains credulity well beyond the breaking point in one situation after another, that the characters are mostly not believable or particularly sympathetic and that the moral ethos of its protagonist borders on sociopathic.
You can feel in "Sitter" that Hill is getting tired of this routine, that he wants to shed his own skin.
Is it OK to wonder what alien has taken over David Gordon Green's body?
A lazy ramble of a movie that's amusing enough to hold your gaze for 81 minutes while leaving you feeling a little cheated when it's over.
[Green] seems to think slowly wiggling the camera, as if it were on a waterbed filled with Jell-O, will up the yuks. And Hill winds up as a junior-version Uncle Buck.
David Gordon Green is my favorite filmmaker of his generation, but The Sitter is one of the worst films of the year.
You'll probably be surprised at how much you end up enjoying it.
Of today's working directors, is there a bigger genre-swapping sellout than David Gordon Green?
The Sitter is predicated on a belief that chunky Jonah Hill, or at least the persona he presents, is secretly supercool. While it turns out to be a wisp of a movie, on that front at least, it is persuasive.
It's fun, even if it feels like it could have been more fun.
Director David Gordon Green (Your Highness) has delivered his second mediocre comedy of 2011, this time without the use of a Minotaur penis.
This odious, hypocritical movie marks director David Gordon Green's transformation into full-on hack.
I hope Green one day finds a way to bridge the style and rhythm of his early pictures (the ones that didn't make money) and the bumper-car approach of "The Sitter."
"The Sitter" really fails in the physical comedy department with an assault of mean, humorless sight gags.
The precocious naïf behind George Washington hasn't disappeared entirely here -- it just takes a little squinting to see him.
A toxic landfill of a picture filled with pee jokes, poop jokes, fart jokes, sex jokes and drug jokes, all unfunny. Not to mention ethnic stereotypes, gay stereotypes, obnoxious children, loutish adults, car chases and exploding toilets.
I am so very, very tired of movies like this.
The humor is crude and unoriginal, with an overreliance on racial stereotypes and the concept that small children saying anything remotely vulgar is hilarious.




@highlight

With its recycled plot, misguided gags, and formula performance from Jonah Hill, The Sitter adds up to another disappointing entry from director David Gordon Green.