It's not even remotely scary, which leaves the horror fans out. But it's also way too boring to even poke fun at.
One Missed Call remakes Takashi Miike's 2003 film as undistinguished college-age horror, except it tries to exploit some people's fear of answering the phone into a feature-length premise.
No wonder the marketers at Warner Bros. did not preview this embarrassing clunker for critics. Anyone searching for an effective supernatural-horror fix in theatres right now should visit The Orphanage instead.
The unintentional camp makes for some eye-rolling interest early on, and French director Eric Valette does manage a few hair-raising moments, but by then, the movie has missed by a mile.
Are we really supposed to believe that, if you die angry while holding a cell phone, you can make the 'Can you hear me now?' guy throw himself in front of a bus?
One big miss of a horror movie.
For a would-be frightfest built around a supernatural premise, One Missed Call is so glum and businesslike that it's not nearly as much pulpy fun as it should be.
The call gets through, but the signal is so weak and garbled in the cross-Pacific transit that the message is lost, leaving audience on hold, waiting for scares that never come.
Oooooh, a cell phone that kills! Really? Wow! Some people might find that creepy, but it's just silly isn't it?
The first major release of the year is a complete dud. Shocker!
A market-spawned Happy Meal trinket lacking both skill and wisdom
Estreando como diretor em Hollywood, o francês Eric Valette já se mistura à multidão de cineastas sem personalidade nos primeiros minutos do longa.
...not the worst horror movie I've ever seen, but it is among the more tedious.
Poorly conceived, badly cast and frequently dull horror film that fails in its quest to make mobile phones scary.
Those coming to One Missed Call in search of ground-breaking horror have definitely dialed the wrong number.
Here's the first in what promises to be a series of movies that are "January junk."
Do yourself a favor and go rent any Miike film other than this one. You've got somewhere in the vicinity of 75 from which to choose.
As Lead Belly might sing, to the tune of 'One Meat Ball': 'You get no thrills/ From One Missed Call...'
...just another English-language remake of yet another incomprehensible Japanese horror movie.
What is Ed Burns up to?
The temptation exists to call the movie one missed opportunity, but honestly, I don't think anyone involved in this mess ever seriously tried to make something good.
Introducing the diePhone
there isn't much One Missed Call can do to satisfy horror fans.
While director Eric Valette fails to do anything with the derivative plot or the interesting cast, he manages an unusual, appealingly quiet tone.
... its 0% Rotten Tomatoes rating is harsh enough to almost make me want to defend it. Almost.
When it comes to scary movies, the Japanese have it figured out. Unfortunately, commercial filmmakers in the United States usually don't.
To redial applicable catchphrases, this garbled American remake of Takashi Miike's already staticky 2004 exercise in J-horror is a wrong number.
Call's plot is so silly and nonsensical, even the characters have to regularly remind one another what exactly is supposed to be going on.
It's always a relief to see Edward Burns in anything he didn't write or direct himself. But just realize: This is the first big release of 2008.
Shannyn Sossamon and Edward Burns give performances that qualify as languorous even on the heavily left-shifted bell curve with which we grade horror film acting.
Borrowing from this bottomless well, perhaps it's best to say that you should hang up, turn off your phone or even cancel your service should this film attempt to reach out and touch you.
The direction is uninspired, acting is lifeless, and the script borders on the inept. A PG-13 rating means that it's short on shocks, too.
[A lame] attempt to cash in on the same ghost-in-the-machine craze that begat The Ring, The Grudge and Phone.
If you missed the first One Missed Call, made in Japan in 2004, you now can miss the American remake.
Drastically under-produced, One Missed Call is so tedious that Alexander Graham Bell would have difficulty staying awake. Those vigilant Verizon Wireless techies from the commercials would be fired for napping on the job.
Supernatural horror doesn't have to make sense, but when it tries it shouldn't fail -- as it does in One Missed Call, spectacularly and in thuddingly dull fashion.
The best part of the movie is the fact that, at a running time of an hour and a half, it's mercifully short.
Given all the hoopla over the Apple iPhone, it's a wonder that no one has yet complained over an essential missing feature: It doesn't ring you up to alert you that you are going to die.
Star Ed Burns was fuming over the fact that his movies would be more popular if they featured Mentos dropping into exploding Diet Cokes.
One Missed Call doesn't have much style or substance.
Another demonstration of how certain studios and producers care neither about us nor the skill required to pull off a respectable work of garbage.
A brow-furrowing blend of child abuse and adult trauma, Andrew Klavan's screenplay sacrifices coherence for atmosphere at every turn.
Give this call a miss.
The worst part about this movie is that, even though it's impossible to piece everything together logically, it's easy to see where it's going because there's nothing new here. There's a sameness to all these Japanese-turned-American retreads.
The script appears to blatantly rip-off plot devices and story elements from The Ring, but screenwriter Andrew Klavan avoids plagiarism by tacking on an incomprehensible second ending where Ring would have left off.
If the first wide release movie of 2008 is an indicator of the kind of year a writers' strike Hollywood has in store, we may all be watching DVDs.
The phone terror theme is tired and director Eric Valette's version is even more predictable than the original. If it's going to call itself a horror, then don't make us laugh.
About as fresh and vital as a fifth-generation dub of The Star Wars Holiday Special.
While it may be clichéd to proclaim the original foreign film to be superior, the fact remains that the Japanese pic contains more scares and intended laughs than this slapdash American remake.
Why, after realizing how deadly these calls can be, does every victim still insist on listening to them? Perhaps only the screenwriters know for sure.
As annoying as a busy signal.
Puerile and low-rent, piggybacking on the fad of updating foreign horror films by dumbing them down for us American simpletons.
Plays out just as silly as its premise sounds.
Yet another tired, ultimately incoherent horror movie that undoes the promise of its pretty good premise and potentially interesting story structure with dull scares, sloppy ending and a pair of unconvincing, leaden lead performances.
Laughable, not screamable.
Another mediocre remake of a Japanese horror film in which flashes of computer-generated ghosts are meant to compensate for lousy acting and a banal storyline.
Decent if derivative.
More useless than bad, the type of thing that will divert your attention for an hour and a half but nothing more.
I staunchly refuse to be afraid of my cell phone, or at least if I'm going to be afraid of it, I need better reasons than the ones given in this.
A film so utterly misbegotten that it almost makes Alien Vs. Predator: Requiem look competent by comparison.
Pity this most mysterious 'Can you hear me now?' of all is spoiled by too many answers to too many questions.
Takeshi Miike's original 2003 One Missed Call was second-rate techno-phobic J-horror tripe, meaning that Eric Valette's even lousier American remake is something like the next generation of suck.
Borrows so heavily from the corpus of J-horror flicks, and especially Hideo Nakata's, that it should really be titled The Ring Tone.
It's as if Vanilla Ice wrote the script, sampling elements from The Ring and The Grudge with a dash of Pulse sprinkled in.
If "Mystery Science Theater 3000" were still on the air Tom Servo and his quick-witted robotic friends would be all over this thing.
The deadliest call the cast and crew of One Missed Call ever received was the one from their agent telling them that this was the best work available.
And doesn't all of this have a familiar Ringu to it?
The hard candies that appear in all the victims' mouths indicate not a terrifying link among them but relief that they died with fresh breath.
One missed opportunity.
Call is the first major motion picture release of 2008, in charge of setting the tone for the lengthy year to come. My friends, the future does not look promising. In fact, it feels like a swift kick to the groin.
For a film like One Missed Call to be frightening or good would have required far more art and intelligence than this shoddy little production could possibly muster.
This is nothing less than bottom-of-the-barrel junk.
It's shameful how even when Hollywood looks in novel places for material, the studios manage to make that material mind-numbingly routine.
This is one call you should definitely miss.
The only element this turkey of a bomb of a debacle is missing is Lindsay Lohan.






@highlight

One of the weakest entries in the J-horror remake sweepstakes, One Missed Call is undone by bland performances and shopworn shocks.