A tight-fisted slow burn that whacks you in face with two or three really horrifying sequences.
Gory torture bloodbath checks in for another stay.
There are some grisly deaths gore hounds would approve of, but the focus is more on the motives of the murderous pervs and the inner workings of the snuff corporation.
Poseur callousness all the way
Filmmaker Eli Roth tries to enliven the formula, but this sequel loses the grim surprise of the original without adding much new in terms of plotting or gory set pieces.
This second film definitely shows Roth's absolute courage as a director. He didn't pull any punches with this follow up.
The lasting effect of all three of Eli Roth's films is a certain kind of Grand Guignol "Punk'D", in which the "mark" is not only embarrassed, he's also cut to pieces.
Roth não é apenas um sujeito doente e repulsivo, mas também um picareta sem talento que usa seus filmes para torturar o espectador como num de seus "albergues".
In the end, one comes to the conclusion that Roth, like his mentor Quentin Tarantino, is someone who is very good at talking the talk but can't quite bring himself to walk the walk and himself make the kind of film his own are parasitic upon.
Roth's satire of fright junkie male castration fears and feminist castration fantasies, mandates that you're going to have to have your cock and eat it too, whether consumed live during elegant dining to the sound of opera, or by killer canine pets.
Just a sub-par and obscenely overrated piece of lazy horror filmmaking...
Roth's dark humor and lacerating view of human weakness sometimes suggest George Romero; what he lacks is Romero's stubborn belief in personal morality.
Hostel, Part II is bad, but it's not the most objectionable torture porno by any conceivable yardstick.
Sadly, the director's proven creative finesse has given way to boring self-imitation. Hostel: Part II gives us the same premise as the first film, changing genders and little else.
Oh, do grow up.
One may as well watch a marathon of American beheadings at the hands of Iraqi insurgents with popcorn in hand - the entertainment value is surprisingly comparable.
Picking up where the first film ended, writer-director Roth adds two angles to his formula, but neither is enough to make this grisly film worth watching.
...marks a substantial leap forward in terms of [Eli Roth's] directorial abilities.
It is pretty boring. But then the gore is even worse to watch.
Unlike the original's many imitators, this follow-up at least tempers its atrocities with satirical humour.
Hostel: Part II does succumb to mere ghoulishness in the last-reel bloodbath, but up to that point its moral tension feels horribly persuasive.
Cue the blood-gushing finale, which has a few surprises up its sleeve. I wasn't a fan of the original and, despite Hostel: Part II's slicker look, I'm still not.
By spending so much time thinking up ever more innovative ways of killing people, he loses the bigger picture resulting in a much poorer film.
Any blood here is pumping straight to the brain. Hostel: Part II is astute and subversive, its wily sexual politics paving the way for a killer climax. Significantly raising his game, Eli Roth has crafted a sequel to die for.
Hostel 2 is feebleness itself, poorly constructed and deeply unterrifying, a let-down after the giddy shockfest of the first film last year.
Everything, save the bloody third act, is handled in a rudimentary fashion.
It pains me to admit that Hostel: Part II is a slicker package than the craven original. That doesn't excuse the fact that it's torture pornography for morons.
Not worth the repeat check-in.
Roth's slick shock-'em-up sequel is a dispiritingly traditional splat of gristly Grand Guignol. It's tooled up to outrage, but ultimately numbs rather than grips.
This is a well-made sequel but the violence is extremely sickening and it's not nearly as much fun as the first film.
like the film's pair of conflicted snuff customers, you're only getting what you paid your money for.
All the realism of an abbatoir.
Roth is covering his tracks from the typical accusations of slasher film misogyny, but his feminist angle just serves as jokey sexual fear.
Compared to its predecessor, the new screenplay might well have been written by Betty Friedan.
The emphasis on the wealthy 'hunters' who run and patronize the death club suggests a gorehound revamp of 'The Most Dangerous Game'...
There is just too much that is repetitive in Hostel Part II to make it worth the effort.
Generally speaking, I hate horror films. What surprised me most about this is that it's more than just torture porn, it's actually a real movie with, like a story and some acting, and cinematography and stuff like that. Who knew?
Both nubile females and alpha-male douche bags are on the receiving end of pain (that's supposed to nullify accusations of misogyny, is it?), but really, we're all the victims here.
Neither as memorably creepy nor as painfully graphic as its predecessor.
For the first time, [Roth's] sense of humor doesn't undercut the unsettling nature of the material
Not to put too fine a point on it, Roth does fill the 50 minutes or so of pre-torture foreplay with thuddingly unsubtle imagery to spell things out.
...assumes a certain level of sadistic bloodthirst in the viewer...
The kind of exploitative and sadistic pic that should appeal to the sensibilities of Al-Quaeda or Quentin Tarantino or just plain fake snuff film voyeurs.
Eli Roth's Hostel: Part II is an authentic real-world creep show -- better, if anything, than its predecessor.
Unintentional laughs aside, this is simply another distasteful, unpleasant exercise in sadism being palmed off as horror.
The general storyline is now repetitive, making the journey of the film lackluster and not worth sitting through, despite the experience of the final fifteen minutes' gory ending.
The movie is almost totally devoid of suspense, which is one of the marks of a true exploitation film. Why waste time with a bunch of false scares and tension, when you can go straight to the pain and suffering?
Hostel: Part II fails in what amounts to its only distinct purpose: to smugly push the envelope of depravity farther than anyone else.
And there's Bijou Phillips, reputed to be one of the craziest beeyatches in a town that grows them like arrest warrants on Tom Sizemore.
Roth is not you're run of the mill schlock horror director. He's smart, and his films are clever works of nastiness.
L'Auberge 2 est si mauvais que je me suis mis à douter des quelques qualités que j'avais bien pu trouver à Cabin Fever et au premier L'Auberge.- Hostel 2 is so bad I started doubting whatever qualities I had found in Cabin Fever and the first Hostel.
...an improvement over its predecessor in that Roth keeps the tone more consistent and gives us more likable heroines, but we're all still waiting for Roth to bust out a truly genre-defining film.
It is little more than a retread of the previous film, which makes it lazy on top of everything else.
This isn't exactly a movie review.But "Hostel: Part II" isn't exactly a movie. It is pornography %u2013 shockingly violent, grotesque pornography.
Another slab of Sadism-Is-Us cinema from writer-director Eli Roth...It's check-out time for this series.
When it comes down to it, Hostel Part II is the near perfect sequel, a money mandated continuation that actually works as a companion piece to the original effort
Hostel: Part II offers more hard-core horror and an even more outspoken message [than the first].
There's a keen intelligence behind all that gleeful degradation and it pays off in a finish that's at once ironic, satirical, and perversely satisfying.
The horrorific scenes are not merely about splatter and gore; they carry a grim emotional weight because they're attached to characters we've followed and come to know.
There isn't a single lesson I am taking away other than the obviousness of Eli Roth's desire to shock people as much as he possibly can, and a reminder that money talks.
Whereas the first film began as a college kid's wet dream and ended as a nightmare, Hostel: Part II is cloaked in a pall of dread and darkness from frame one. Even the lighter moments in the first act seem like taunting harbingers of doom.
If this sounds like your cup of crud - and you know who you are - you probably won't be disappointed.
Similarly gory and exploitative as its torture-porn predecessor, writer/director Eli Roth's horror sequel is nothing more than a makeover of "Hostel" substituted with female characters.
Ends up there is a moral to the story, one sure to delight the bamboozled pseudo-intellectuals who laughably defended Hostel as a geo-political critique of American arrogance and the culture of torture.
No doubt about it: Roth is a talented guy. But it would be nice to see him use his skills in the service of something other than more sadistic, pandering, pornographic violence.
Any semblance of suspense quickly gives way to buzz saws, drill bits and sickles. And the movie ends so abruptly, one has to think the filmmakers ran out of either money or prosthetic body parts.
It's beautifully put-together and it builds to a satisfying climax in which Roth implies that if men are capable of great violence and women are capable of great violence, then that would include just about all of us sitting in the audience, too.
Hostel: Part II has something that most bigger-budgeted and more heavily promoted sequels don't: the ambition to not only repeat the experience of its predecessor, but to expand and improve upon it.
Some might call it a mess, but, unlike the average horror sequel that's completely devoid of new ideas, this is a mess that you just can't stop watching.
Fans of horror, and more importantly those who believe in the inherent evil of humans, will feel right at home watching this one.
It's something of an accomplishment to stage deaths so disgusting, the main reaction is nervous laughter.
All it has to say is: Here's human purée served fresh and hot, come and get it.
Smarter and tougher than its predecessor.
Roth theoretically ups the prurient ante by making the ugly American tourists in a Slovakian death factory girls instead of horny guys. But Part II is oddly less engaging, and likely will be even for all of those cinematic sadists.
The real surprise of Hostel: Part II is how few surprises it has to offer -- that, and how quickly it comes to an ending.
Roth ratchets up the retch factor.
Roth might have chutzpah, but, sadly he doesn't have any interest in actually scaring us. The moviemaking is driven only by contempt; he wants to nauseate us into submission.
Social commentary, gore galore, and a truly disturbing denouement: This is Roth's best nightmare yet.
Inevitably lacks the element of vicious surprise that helped make Hostel a surprise hit, but it's a worthy follow-up with a couple of nifty tricks up its sleeve.
Like every other sequel these days, the conclusion of this one offers the hopefully tantalizing possibility of yet another one. In this case, however, the set-up actually is intriguing, and a sequel might well be worthwhile. Not for everybody, of course.
Sports glossier production values, but its driving motivation -- to push the boundaries of exploitative nastiness -- remains just as low.
The most disgusting, degrading, misogynistic, soulless s*** I have ever seen in a movie that is going to be released widely in this country.
Hostel was garbage. Hostel: Part II is that same garbage moved over about a foot on the ground.
It's sick. It's twisted. Some scenes made me want to throw up. But I loved it. God help me.
Hostel: Part II has the Grand Guignol aspects we've come to expect (and love) from an Eli Roth film, but some might find it surprisingly lacking in his usual sophomoric humor.
The payback element still applies to this sequel, but maybe I am just over this whole genre of "torture porn." Either that or I just can't handle the gender reversed plot structure. Simply put, I did not like this movie.
I was scared, I was creeped out and I was grossed out... Hostel Part II is damn unsettling.
Sets the horror genre back a solid decade.
Part II is vile, but it commits an even worse sin by being so aggressively boring and hilariously one-note.
Those looking for wanton gore and violence may be sated, but those expecting more from this talented filmmaker might be slightly disappointed.
Hostel II is far too shrewd and savagely witty to be caught engaging in higher seriousness.
Take away the blood and gore, however, and there's nothing left.
Roth manages to bring something new to the formula by taking a closer look at how the operation works and who the killers are.
The violence we see does not disturb or even excite, but, like porn, it anesthetizes us to our own humanity.
Outrage and disgust are sure to greet its theatrical arrival, but as its guiding conviction is that horror audiences desire nothing more than predictable schlock bereft of shocks or genuine terror, the chief impression imparted is one of condescension.
Eli Roth kicks things up a jagged notch with this bloody satisfying sequel.
The only way to watch is to suspend any literal-minded analysis and appreciate Roth's Grand Guignol sensibilities on their own level.
You live in a free country, you put up with crud like Hostel Part II.
Roth is good at what he does. Trouble is, he keeps making the same kind of movie over and over, and with his talent and imagination you'd like to see what other weapons he has in his arsenal.
The underground torture ring dreamed up by Eli Roth for his Hostel series appears to have more employees than Disney World.
"Torture porn" my ass; this is evolution.
Cultural poison...[or] a helluva lot of fun[?]...When it comes to a gore movie, there are two ways about it.
Artfully done, allowing us to be so caught up in the build-up that we can wait patiently for the gore.
Once you get past the finger gnawing suspense, you have to sit back and be impressed with Roth's sheer cleverness.
Regurgitating the same idea but swapping characters %u2013 and this time the victims are three young women %u2013 poses a question of Roth: what can you do to develop this concept (other than spend more money).
Roth is not embarrassed or apologetic about being a mediocre genre director.
Eli Roth has actually improved upon the first Hostel film, delivering a higher quotient of gore, but more importantly delivering an incredibly streamlined, and dare I say, mature spin on the slasher genre.






@highlight

Offering up more of the familiar sadism and gore, Hostel: Part II will surely thrill horror fans.