...frank and sexy and ultimately bravely optimistic.
Gritty unsentimental rural British riff on "Brokeback Mountain"
The movie is less about sexual awakening than Gheorghe's civilizing influence on Johnny. But it's also sometimes hot and violent, in a good way.
Earnest, honest, accurate, and unrelenting, this is the true romance of the countryside, dung-splattered boots and all.
The result is a remarkable debut from a director who clearly excels in close studies of human fragility.
Although it doesn't tread far from a typical romantic narrative arc, it remains a touching and poetic depiction of what it means to be a gay man in an isolated community.
Because the movie is less about can they stay together and more about the personal growth from deadbeat to responsibility on the part of the son by letting love in, God's Own Country works magnificently
This debut feature from Yorkshire-born actor and first-time director Francis Lee shows the British countryside as a lonely and unforgiving place; his camera unflinching as it captures the graphic realities of livestock farming.
This is just a strikingly well-observed story about two lost people who find each other in an unexpected place.
Set in a bleakly beautiful Yorkshire farmscape (hence the title), God's Own Country isn't particularly fixed on one calendar or another, but it's definitely a statement of today.
Director/writer Francis Lee's electrifying feature debut is a working-class, fun-house mirror version of "Call Me By Your Name's" upper-class pretensions and is equally, if not more, rewarding because of it.
I enjoyed God's Own Country for its realistic style and its unflinching vision of intimacy.
[It's] not going to facilitate streams of empathy toward its protagonists, but little by little, with extreme delicacy, it becomes clear that there are emotions and vulnerabilities that the body understands before the mind. [Full Review in Spanish]
Some really exceptional moments. [Full Review in Spanish]
God's Own Country becomes memorable for its unrelenting naturalism and for its refusal to see hearts and flowers where only mud, animals, walled-off human emotions and rare moments of tenderness are able to survive. But survive they do.
... worth noting that it leaves aside the issue (tired, but current, and even more so in rural areas) of coming out of the closet, focusing instead on issues such as xenophobia, fidelity and personal honesty. [Full review in Spanish]
Just about the time you're ready to secede from this dank, muddy pity party, HE walks in. And by "he" I mean Alec Secareanu's Romanian hunk, Gheorghe. You can't quit him.
The look of the film fits the rugged locale of Yorkshire, England and shows the tough life of the locals.
The movie must be commended for attempting a lead character that is not entirely likable; it's only through Gheorghe that we discover something worthwhile in the sad, suffering Johnny.
God's Own Country, in its silence, empathy for characters and admiration for nature, is engulfing.
A raw, tender, and at times deeply sensual autobiographical feature debut from writer-director Francis Lee.
But O'Connor and Secareanu give such aching performances that their romance feels real.
The film by writer-director Francis Lee, who grew up on a Yorkshire farm before turning to acting - and, later, filmmaking - is sweet, even if Johnny is not.
This is not a movie about coming out and the collateral damage that ensues. It's a universal tale about giving yourself over to love, even when you seem hopelessly broken.
Finally, a movie that sets Brokeback Mountain straight.
This is human drama as shot through an unfiltered lens, God's Own Country a strong debut hinting at future greatness to come from the undeniably talented [writer/director Francis] Lee.
God's Own Country is a love letter to the land, but also to an unconventional romance, struggling against intolerance.
A gay love story that reveals the beauty of a landscape and acts of mercy.
Combining gritty realism with poignancy, the result is a film that is exceptionally moving.
This enigmatic little film says it all in razor-sharp closeups and minimal words
Joshua James Richards's camera also regards human coupling and animal husbandry with the same blunt honesty: it's beautiful, but it's awfully messy. You could say the same thing about love.
Actor-turned-director Francis Lee's indie hit conjures rough beauty from a rural Yorkshire setting, careful cinematography, and splendid naturalistic acting.
You never doubt that this tough life is being portrayed from the inside.
In his debut feature, Lee has crafted a mature love story centered on an immature man facing the fear of even admitting that he needs love at all. It's a film to prize.
God's Own Country is one of most surprising, touching, and finest of the year.
A former actor himself, Lee directs his leads with subtle assurance.
Toughness and tenderness duke it out to the bittersweet end of "God's Own Country," a transporting, wrenchingly acted love story set in the windswept wilds of northern England.
Gorgeously shot without romanticizing rural England, it's no Brokeback Mountain but strives to get close to that.
God's Own Country builds upon a lingering sense of earned romance, rather than an attraction based on convenience, which is sadly too often the case with queer cinema.
Dour in the extreme but also pretty damn sexy, this rural gay romance will certainly have its specialized audience appeal, without the big crossover of the great Moonlight.
A tricky movie, but not in a way that's dishonest.
Writer-director Francis Lee captures not only what masculinity does and how it comes undone, but the complex apparatus that keeps it into place: the family's surveillance, the silence, the shame.
"God's Own Country" weaves a rough magic from Joshua James Richards's biting cinematography and the story's slow, unsteady arc from bitter to hopeful.
The actors bring the authenticity of first love to the screen in a way that is exceedingly rare for any movie, Hollywood or otherwise.
For a film that's just got going, it's decidedly full-on. But it's worth sticking with if you liked Brokeback Mountain. Because this is basically Brokeback Mountain comes to Yorkshire.
Though the film is being widely compared to Brokeback Mountain, writer/director Francis Lee actually creates a far more believable and sympathetic scenario.
[Francis] Lee allows more optimism into his film, including the suggestion that agriculture itself might still have a future in England.
We are in the safe and doubtless calloused hands of a fine storyteller.
In the crepuscular light of Brexit, the film resembles a symbolic appeal for tenderness at a time of instability, even if it is really something altogether more conventional: a love story against the odds.
Beneath the grey veneer of rural realism, this is a magical film, one of the best you'll see this year.
God's Own Country is a very old fashioned love story brought kicking into the 21st century by director/writer Francis Lee's boldness and sheer honesty.
Sexuality is not a means of escape, but a way of making sense of these demanding lives for both the characters and the audience. The dialogue is sparse but illuminating, while the storytelling leaves you powerfully involved.
God's Own Country makes a few forgivable missteps in an otherwise brilliantly assured debut from Francis Lee.
Combine that with superb direction, and it will be a must see for Art-House fans who need an intelligent antidote to Hollywood's drab summer offerings.
The film's environment, with its mix of toughness and beauty, is a good match for the simple but robust love story.
Francis Lee has a background in TV acting, and had only directed a couple of shorts and a documentary prior to this. Let's hope he gets to make more feature films, because God's Own Country is pretty special.
The relationship between the two men isn't the only romance in the film, as the camera slowly falls in love with rural Yorkshire.
Lee has a lovely eye for symbolic detail - a single light in the farmhouse window glowing through a dawn the colour of slurry emphasises just how alone Johnny is.
Some have celebrated this one as a queer masterpiece, which it isn't quite. Yet it's nevertheless still strongly handled, boldly played by all, and pretty damn sensual.
Francis Lee may have come out of nowhere, but if we see another film as good this year, we will be lucky.
The setting of the isolated, muddy farm with the lights of a nearby town invitingly close is beautifully captured by Joshua James Richards's camera.
A film delicately attuned to rural life in all its lyrical and sublime glories, with special credit to cinematographer Joshua James Richards for capturing the wild splendour of Yorkshire locations. Make no mistake: this is a determinedly unsentimental.
A wonderful portrait of life in a harsh, lonely place, and of romance as a prompt for personal growth and changing traditions. Raises the bar for British indies.
Some will file God's Own Country under F for fantasy. Others will see it as a portent of rapprochements to come. Either way, it's a winner.
You'll find yourself getting teary a week later - a potent, haunting meditation on the soul-stirring significance of being open to love.
An outstanding debut feature.
Francis Lee's splendid directorial debut has been billed as a Yorkshire Brokeback Mountain and there are undeniable parallels... God's Own Country, however, is significantly less glamorous than its Oscar-nominated predecessor.
In truth this movie is definitely a sum of all its parts - a glorious film about responsibility, love and future.
An exemplary character study, with bold, fully realised performances from O'Connor and Secareanu and typically excellent support from Ian Hart and Gemma Jones.
As much as a gay romance - touching, awkward, revelatory - God's Own Country is a story about whom we belong to or choose to belong to.
A deeply affecting, emotionally resonant coming-out story about self-acceptance and the transformative power of love.
God's Own Country is hard to fault on its own terms and earns the assumption that lies behind any worthwhile movie romance, that love can take root even in the most unlikely soil.
This is a highly impressive debut feature: bleak and lyrical by turns, and with very fine performances from its two young leads.
It unfolds under grey, blustery spring skies; as lambs emerge blinking and unsteady into the world, so too does this young man's nervous, raw sexuality.
An intelligent romantic drama that avoids all the cliches, God's Own Country is one of my favourites of MIFF.
The harsh world of Yorkshire family sized farming provides a graphic backdrop for what turns out to be a love story against the odds.
The picturesque, isolated landscape of Yorkshire is the setting for this moody and haunting film that tracks the emotional journey of a protagonist propelled by anger.
Newcomer Lee has crafted a timely romantic drama, rooted in a keenly observed rural environment.
For anyone who can remember their young heart being soothed and captured for the first time, it is as intense as that experience.
God's Own Country is a swoon-worthy romance.
A dig into the nature of humanity from a director already fluent in the language of brutality and tenderness. A stunning love story that in its finest moments is pure poetry.
God's Own Country is an impressive debut that cleverly subverts cliché.
God's Own Country is a contender for the best film I've seen this year.
The film has a cumulative power that sneaks up on you even as you think you're keeping track of it, and a twilit afterglow that hasn't faded yet.
A tender love story that's deeply cinematic and builds to a heart-swelling conclusion free of sentimentality.
Fluid photography and achingly honest performances merge magnificently, with the story of love amidst the livestock considerably more charming than it sounds.
Joshua James Richards is, after Songs My Brothers Taught Me and this, a cinematographer to watch, who grasps the wildness of open spaces with a poetic lens.
A striking debut that should mark the beginning on an immensely triumphant career behind the camera for Lee. Visually, narratively, emotionally - this film succeeds on every level, and does so in such an uncompromising way.
A raw and affecting love story teeming with honesty and emotion.
This is one of the most assured, fully-formed British debuts of recent years.
Under battered Yorkshire skies, with grime beneath its nails and soil clodding up the treads of its boots, Francis Lee's outstanding feature debut God's Own Country is a work of rough-hewn alchemy.
A vivid depiction of love, lust and lambing.
A bold and brilliant drama rightfully garnering Brokeback Mountain comparisons.
There will be many people who see themselves in the furtive glances and mud-covered kisses from which "God's Own Country" weaves its harsh but hopeful narrative, and they will do so while witnessing a finely crafted piece of cinema.
It is, in its way, a very British love story, bursting at the seams with unspoken emotions, unvoiced fears about the future, and a readiness to displace every emotion into hard physical work.
It feels like the camera is gawking at them rather than joining them, and so all semblance of reality and of the necessary awkwardness of getting their clothes off vanishes. And so too does any real eroticism.
A rigorously naturalistic drama that yields stirring performances from the collision between taciturn demeanors and roiling emotional undercurrents.
Skipping some of the more predictable narrative obstacles we've come to expect from the coming-out drama, this sexy, thoughtful, hopeful film instead advances a pro-immigration subtext that couldn't be more timely ...
Lee's love for this hard land and the boy trapped in it - so fully embodied by young British actor Josh O'Connor - is unexpectedly moving and rich.
Heartbreaking.. shines a new spotlight on a familiar story.

@highlight

A quiet, moving rumination on loneliness and newfound intimacy, God's Own Country marks an outstanding directorial debut for Francis Lee.