A smorgasbord of urban decay, social disorder, and class conflict imbues the film with a potent sensuality
Oliver Twist is an affecting and refreshing adaptation of Dickens seminal work from a master director.
The horrors are comfily buttressed by storybook polish
Polanski has crafted something that already feels like a classic film, beautiful to look at, combining accurate period detail with a certain gothic expressionism and brimming with earthy characters and high drama.
The unspoken sense of youthful post-traumatic holocaust syndrome shock and awe in Polanski's Twist is as palpable as the murky stench and appalling human misery of Dickens' chaotic London streets.
Polanski's film is not a bad adaptation, and it may be a fine way to introduce children to the classic story. But it is not exactly a definitive version of that story.
Probably the thing that Polanski's Oliver Twist does best, is deliver the mood of the day
With intelligence and style (inspired by the art of Gustave Doré and Francisco Solé), Polanski makes a rewarding contribution to Dickens' legacy on screen.
The movie understands what Polanski himself knew upon surviving the Holocaust--you take your kindness where you can find it, weighing its price along the way.
It just might supplant David Lean's 1948 version as the one that students turn to for a 2-hour study guide.
A severely overlooked, exceedingly well-done version of an oft-told tale...One of the best films of 2005.
[T]he maddening thing is not just that we hardly need another movie adaptation of [Oliver Twist] ... but that there are other Dickens books that haven't been given the major movie treatment that would better suit Polanski's temperament.
...respectful without being slavish, nice to look at without ever being breathtaking, well cast and acted without ever deeply engaging our emotions.
Falha ao jamais encontrar um tom adequado para sua narrativa: em certos momentos, é excessivamente infantil; em outros, sombrio demais.
It's an impeccable production on a visual level and undeniably a well-made film, but the narrative often lacks the spark to bring it to life.
"Oliver Twist" deserves to be recognized as one of the director's better films.
(Roman) Polanski orchestrates this well-worn chestnut with the same high level of expertise that won him an Oscar for The Pianist in 2002.
Polanski's deft adaptation proves that there's still life in that well-worn story of a boy who beats the odds.
Polanski tactfully stays out of Charles Dickens' way.
Despite the length, you'll never fault the film's craftsmanship.
It's not Dickens and it's not David Lean, either. This perverse retelling of a classic could only be the work of one filmmaker that I can think of. It's my boy Polanski.
Please sir, can we have some less?
There's also strong support from Harry Eden, as well as Leanne Rowe as the archetypal tart-with-a-heart Nancy, whilst Jamie Foreman (nasty pieces of work a specialty) adds another great performance to his rogue's gallery of Cockney villains.
As much as I'm loath to say it, this is one literary adaptation where I can sadly say with certainty I do not want more.
No one said "I want some more, sir," when it comes to film adaptations of the Charles Dickens classic.
Why, oh why, wasn't this movie released at Christmas time?
Doesn't shy away from the text's alarming elements. They are instead put to good use, adding shadow and texture to the lively, plot-driven story.
Polanski is the perfect director for the project.
The sad thing is that this really is a very fine film. Yet, at the end of the day, it's still Oliver Twist.
Dickens was a better social chronicler than storyteller, and Polanski has chosen to adopt that weakness in the interests of utter faithfulness to the text.
Okay, I get it. Polanski doesn't want us to forget his childhood.
The strength of the Polanski film is its lack of sentimentality. He creates a cold, cruel world where an orphan boy, because of his station in life, has no future.
Polanski does what he can with source material that is larger than life.
Where the movie should hurt with an establishment built on dehumanization, it's stagy and inert.
Plods along with the dutiful, near-reverent air of an annual Christmas sermon.
While Roman Polanski's latest version of Oliver doesn't make any bold new twists, it follows the recipe with great care and features several great performances.
Ben Kingsley finally recaptures his dignity after the trifecta of awfulness that was Thunderbirds, Suspect Zero, and A Sound of Thunder.
Polanski presents a good but not great rendering of Dickens' oft-filmed second novel.
While the picture is not quite a masterpiece it does carry the stamp of a master filmmaker working at the height of his abilities.
'Oliver Twist' proves what 'The Pianist' only hinted at-that Roman Polanski is the world's most talented paint-by-numbers artist.
Is it worth renting the video sometime in the spring so the little darlings can cheat on their book report? Perhaps, as it's unusually faithful to the original source.
It's noble, high-minded and safe, and I can't help thinking that I would have preferred an audacious but honest failure.
Great expectations are unavoidable when Roman Polanski takes on a Charles Dickens classic. Alas, his version of Oliver Twist fails to live up to them.
A grounded and unusually matter-of-fact adaptation.
Oliver Twist has been done repeatedly on film and TV, but never better than in Roman Polanski's beautiful and tough-minded movie.
Engaging, handsomely photographed and beautifully acted, Polanski's Oliver Twist, adapted by Pianist screenwriter Ronald Harwood, distinguishes itself from most versions in its decidedly dark tone.
Poignant and primal, Roman Polanski's splendid adaptation of the Charles Dickens classic pricks the heart and the conscience.
As family fare goes, this makes The Corpse Bride look like Chicken Little.
In Oliver Twist, it's the viewer who is punished.
A movie that's beautifully acted, with an eye for drab period detail.
Beauty and hateful ugliness meet in extraordinary harmony in Roman Polanski's Oliver Twist, fitting for a story that is a study in obvious contrasts.
Oliver Twist is a lovely, tony picture, but it isn't exactly essential.
Nitpickers may squawk over missing elements, but the film doggedly hits on the book's big themes: the power of innocence, the cruelty of class.
The question of why anyone would bother to make another film version of `Oliver Twist' is not answered by director Roman Polanski.
Dickens' continuing relevance is less a testament to his genius than to the endurance and recurrence of the problems he took as his focus.
Oliver Twist as presented by Roman Polanski is pretty much the same as Oliver Twist presented by anyone else, except perhaps it's a bit duller.
As handsomely made, well-acted, dramatically unflinching and heartfelt as it is, Polanski's Oliver is a movie more admirable than emotionally affecting.
With the story lines streamlined and compressed, the whole thing doesn't have nearly the emotional heft it probably should.
Polanski's Oliver proves surprisingly uninspired, taking nearly the entire movie before it belatedly springs to life.
Polanski could have made Oliver as haunting as his 2002 Academy Award-winning film, The Pianist. Yet his new effort falls just short.
The film is worth seeing, but it won't hold a cherished place in your moviegoing memories.
Hopefully, this loving adaptation will allow a new generation to discover this masterpiece.
It's as though Polanski had set the story's foolproof motor on cruise control and left the room; the tale is well told but told without personality.
Please sir, can I have some more... levity with my poverty and abject misery. This bleak story could benefit from some musical numbers to break up the monotony of sorrow.
A film that's stately in its production but moves as if walking through thick gruel.
Yet given previous versions... there ought to be something new here to warrant retelling. There isn't.
... a relatively gentle, even sweet film
Technically sound and surprisingly faithful to its source material, Roman Polanski's version of Oliver Twist comes across as uninspired and flat.
Enjoyable but not remarkable filmmaking.
Roman Polanski has made some classic films over the years, but this is not one of them.
Oliver Twist is a rarity, as far as Polanski films go, in that it is just an OK movie.
Polanski has given the Dickens saga a thrilling epic look.
Roman Polanski has made a perfectly agreeable and entertaining new Oliver Twist.
Perhaps it will take a school trip to encourage kids to see Oliver Twist, but that's one permission slip parents should sign.
Seeing Polanski's version of this most Dickensian of all Charles Dickens' tales, I felt full and wanted no more versions (please, sir!), having now seen the definitive one.
The film is high on production values but short on heart.
Polanski's Oliver Twist is craftsmanly and relatively unsentimental.
While (David) Lean's '48 Twist remains definitive, Polanski offers today's filmgoers a version nearly as rich and evocative.
Roman Polanski's new version finds the humor in Dickens' story without glossing over the essential point that a society must be judged inhumane if its treatment of its most unfortunate members is not humane.
Polanski's Twist is a serious and credible movie with a great many virtues -- gorgeous cinematography and an activist zeal chief among them -- but it's something you watch rather than lose yourself in.
Polanski's film is visually exact and detailed without being too picturesque.
Polanski and company have proven that, once again, great stories never go out of style.
When was the last time you walked out of a Polanski picture talking mostly about the sets and music?
A fifth-grade puppet show of Oliver Twist would have been more watchable. And far less sickening.
...one of Polanski's safest, least distinctive pictures -- just another tasteful run through a story that's already too familiar. Oh well, at least in this one nobody sings.
Someday, this may even replace Cliff Notes for the DVD generation.
[Polanski] takes the Dickens that screenwriter Ronald Harwood has faithfully transcribed and doesn't so much bring it to life as turn it into a handsomely mounted still life
Kingsley's Fagin takes us on a fantastic joyride through the sleazy and disease-ridden 19th century London tenderloin and leaves everybody smiling in the end.
Like a Classics Comic Book adaptation of the story--tasteful, subdued and just a bit dull.
Technically accomplished and frequently engaging.
Dickens knew that melodrama answers to something permanent in our nature; without it, any version of Oliver Twist draws perilously close to the genteel.
The first question I have is, why? Why would Roman Polanski, one of the most innovative directors of the last half-century, want to adapt a story that has been told again and again?
Fails to topple Lean's untoppable version; still one of the best movies of 2005. Startlingly unemotional, but for the stormy torments behind Fagin's overhanging eyebrows.
Roman Polanski's Oliver Twist is probably the most faithful adaptation. But hardly anyone will take notice; it's just a tale that's been told too many times before.
The idea of Ben Kingsley as Fagin is such an obvious fit that he isn't surprising, nor are his acting choices
This is that rare movie version of a great novel in which watching is reading.
Polanski and his Pianist scribe Ronald Harwood have chosen to tell it in as simple a manner as possible, as though they had been given a Masterpiece Theatre assignment to dispatch.
It's just as Dickens wrote.
Polanski's adult fans deserve something more than a film for the kiddies, and Dickens deserves better treatment than merely 'tasteful.'
Drab and unfeeling.
Is it possible that a film made in 1948 and by David Lean could exceed the darkness and controversy of a Roman Polanski picture? After watching the newest screen version of Oliver Twist, the answer is yes.
Polanski's take will spark debate among Dickens lovers, but audiences won't respond as warmly as they have to Lean's classic.
Polanski delivers an acceptable yet thoroughly uninspiring twist on the orphaned Oliver, who gets a raw deal every which way.
Languid and lifeless, stilted and, above all, surprisingly safe, Oliver Twist plods along, its impassive title character being tossed from one cruel fate to another.
You can look at it all and marvel, or recoil in horror at the barbaric exploitation of women and children. But the film remains an arm's length experience.
A work of craft that could be flying the Masterpiece Theatre banner. You know, an earnestly worthy adaptation of a literary classic, as faithful and polished as it is ponderous and unprovocative.
Though some may quibble with the changes Polanski and scripter Ronald Harwood have made to the book, mostly they get it right.
Polanski's take on the classic is a dull affair.
Polanski seems so intent on... a grimly elegant big picture that... he misses the people. Oops, except for Ben Kingsley as Fagin, whom he lets run embarrassingly wild.
It's mannered at times, as you might expect... but the surprising thing about Oliver Twist is how deeply it resonates.
That Polanski chose this as the movie he wanted to make for his own children feels motivated by more than a septuagenarian dad's desire to take a $60-million stab at a bedtime story. It feels inspired by a need to tell them who he is.
It still stings in unlikely places.
Any parents thinking of bringing their young kids to this very-hard-PG-13 downer have hereby been warned.
With tact and enthusiasm, Roman Polanski grabs hold of a great book and rediscovers its true and enduring vitality.
Deft direction, solid acting and exemplary production make "Oliver Twist" a worthy telling of the classic story and are the resounding answer to my...question: why bother?
Polanski...gives "Oliver" two prominent twists which impart a 'there but for the grace of God go I' undercurrent...the specter of the noose hangs heavily over this production
A near-masterpiece.
The roles must have been filled when the casting director was whacked out on prescription cough syrup.
Lacking energy and pace and enslaved by a ghastly score, this tepid movie left me longing alternately for David Lean's thrillingly grim 1948 masterpiece, and Carol Reed's chipper 1968 sing-along, with pretty tunes by Lionel Bart.
It's irresistible to read his sorrowful and seemingly classical take, from a filmmaker known as much for the schisms in his personal history as for the lurches in his work, as something much more personal and poignant.
It is something special in these times of incivility to see a protagonist who stands apart from others with his good manners.
The quality of mercy is strained, but by some strange feat it doesn't dissolve entirely.
A good-looking production albeit one that is too straightforward and literary.
It is a film where art direction triumphs but genuine art remains elusive.
Oliver Twist isn't the nasty affair Polanski fans might be hoping for.
Though Polanski doesn't bring a new angle to Dickens' classic, there's still reason to see his handsome, well-acted production of a tale not seen on the bigscreen in decades
Conventional, straightforward and very much within what used to be called the Traditional of Quality, this handsome film is a respectable literary adaptation but lacks dramatic urgency and intriguing undercurrents.
The spark that an original point of view might bring to the oft-told tale is missing.
A version of "Oliver" that's so safe, it's pretty much a case of baby-sitting.
Involving, captivating and nearly note perfect--in other words, a proper classic.
... a sincere, impeccably crafted retelling of a classic, invigorated by one of our best filmmakers working from a place of obvious passion...
This version of Twist is a flawless adaptation; finding the right balance between story and screen. Simply enthralling.








@highlight

Polanski's version of Dickens' classic won't have audiences asking for more because while polished and directed with skill, the movie's a very impersonal experience.