Perhaps because this film follows his much-seen expose of Scientology, Going Clear, Gibney seems especially struck by the cultishness with which so many people seem to regard Jobs.
An overlong but insightful documentary.
A welcome (and, frankly, a bit overdue) corrective to the Jobs hagiography.
Not only on a biographical account of Jobs, but also a look at the way in which big business and consumers at large engaged with the mythic personal narrative he fostered.
Gibney is never able to join, or understand, the choir of millions singing the praises of Steve Jobs. Perhaps because of this, the documentary he has created seems a lot closer to the truth than anything else I've seen about Jobs.
A chilling portrait of an icon who remains revered for spearheading so many technological innovations despite his general contempt for humanity and his utter lack of people skills.
Whether or not you care about Apple products or Steve Jobs, Gibney's documentary offers a story well worth watching.
Gibney doesn't offer a big, final Sorkin-style statement. Instead, he grapples with his own ambivalence about Jobs and his enormous social and technological legacy.
Thought-provoking documentary on the iconic legendary Apple co-founder.
This isn't a love letter or a takedown; it's a procedural, just-the-facts biography of a man who made a big impact on the world.
The picture is made with the consummate skill of the predominant documentarian of our age, getting as close as conceivably possible to the essence of Jobs.
If GIbney's questions are not precisely yours, his premise - that documentaries must ask questions rather than presume answers - is bracing, reimagining not only what documentaries can do, but also what belief can do.
A thought-provoking and ethically-charged documentary about the Apple computer entrepreneur.
It simply isn't that easy to write off the Jobs' extraordinary drive to succeed at all costs. The difference between Gibney's documentary and other posthumous profiles of Jobs is that it doesn't necessarily maintain a reverential tone toward its subject.
Coolly performs vivisection on a man, a company, an industry, and a way of life.
Despite the movie's journalistic substance, the pleasure-free banality of its style gets in the way of a view of Jobs himself, whose work is as much aesthetic as it is industrial.
An attempt to understand the cult around a figure that's virtuous and revolting at the same time. [Full review in Spanish]
While too long and with little new light on Jobs' failings as a human being, the questions it raises about his cult status and the way he helped change the world make it worthwhile.
Alex Gibney's twisty, engrossing documentary Steve Jobs: The Man in the Machine approaches its subject from an oblique but highly productive angle.
Steve Jobs: The Man In The Machine is a conversation starter loaded with controversial data about the lesser-known life of genius/tyrant Steve Jobs, but it asks a simple question of "why" that it can't even answer itself.
For those who don't yet know of Jobs' dark side, Gibney's documentary will be a useful eye-opener, but those looking to understand what made Jobs great in almost equal proportion to his nastiness will remain in the dark.
If you're expecting solid answers, you'll be severely disappointed. Ditto, if you come expecting a hagiography. In fact, I'm betting worshipers at the church of Jobs will be livid.
The more interesting question [Gibney poses, and poses well, is why we need to create a hero of someone who no doubt changed the world, but who was more iconoclast that saint.
Slick and mildly provocative, but overlong with excessive expository information. Steve Jobs makes for a very captivating subject.
The movie comes off as less a portrait of a complicated man than a pendulum swing from deity to devil.
Much of the film is devoted to debunking Apple's image.
Little here is new, but the archival footage is well chosen, the interviewees are illuminating, and Gibney, as usual, potently synthesizes what's out there.
There is practically nothing in this film that was not already raked over in Walter Isaacson's 2013 biography or in the many thousands of articles about Jobs over the years. But there is something about seeing and hearing this story onscreen.
Sure, Jobs was a genius and a jerk, but Gibney spends so much time rambling and musing that we don't get a chance to understand why so many people only wanted to hear the "genius" part.
The documentary feels like a puzzle whose pieces were forced together by a toddler.
Gibney stylistically draws on prolific experience profiling narcissistic control freaks obsessed with marketing themselves. . .a more philosophical than investigative search.
"Steve Jobs: The Man in the Machine" is still wholly engrossing, especially in its first half, when it tells its thrilling creation stories.
The Steve Jobs that emerges in Gibney's portrait is a guy whose worldly successes and grand public gestures are balanced by a cold-hearted ruthlessness and amazing disregard for normal human decency.
Fascinating warts and all Jobs doc from the prolific Alex Gibney.
Gibney's inspiration was the outpouring of public grief for Jobs upon his death in 2011, a phenomenon that clearly got his dander up and which prompts him to begin this work with a simple question, 'Why?' That question is never answered...
A complex portrait that gives as much weight to Jobs' world-changing talents as to his personal flaws.
Brings home the complexities and contradictions of the man.
Sometimes "Man in the Machine" feels like it needs a balancing voice. But it's nonetheless a fascinating film, as Gibney's always are.
Mr. Gibney, a prolific documentarian, not only charts Mr. Jobs's extraordinary record of marketing and innovation, but also presents a merciless anatomy of a complicated public character.
Gibney is certainly good at what he does, and "Steve Jobs" is at its best in providing a brisk summation of the man's life. Or, more accurately, lives, for Jobs seemed to have been more people than one would have thought possible.
Toward the end of "The Man in the Machine," Gibney says we should look for answers in our iPhones when they're at rest - at the reflections of ourselves. It's a start. So's the movie.
The fact is that Jobs is a slippery subject who often attempted to windowshade the truth.
Gibney, much like Jobs, takes a lot of existing information and packages it attractively. There isn't much new here, but if the story is familiar, Gibney at least tells it in an interesting way.
Gibney's built a powerful and compelling case-even if much of the ground he covers won't be news to anyone who follows Apple.
Technology was [Jobs'] means for engaging the world and fulfilling himself, and he figured out how to make it ours.
Gibney creates a film that is as visually stunning as it is dramatically charged.
As Gibney proved with Gonzo, his 2008 documentary on Hunter S. Thompson, he can go a bit moony in the presence of a cult hero, and he buys into the Jobs legend from the outset.
Gibney's portrait is dense with telling biographical detail. And it is undeniably fascinating to look back on how this life progressed.
With The Man in the Machine, prolific director Gibney delivers a thorough, yet overlong and formulaic...documentary of contradictions.
It's a necessary corrective to the myths that have grown around Steve Jobs, obscuring a man who many of us never knew existed.
Does better with facts than hearsay.
The movie feels like an info dump, and since so much of that information is intended to bolster an argument, The Man In The Machine's "and here's another thing" shapelessness becomes frustrating.
Rather than explore and embrace the contradictions within Jobs ("he had the focus of a monk but none of the empathy" is the best he can do), Gibney puts the hammer down.
Ultimately, the stylish film offers only a few new glimpses of the man.
Gibney offers no conclusion but the familiar paradox: great products, unpleasant person.
An interesting, unflattering documentary bio of Apple icon Steve Jobs.
Though Gibney doesn't seem to come up with anything truly groundbreaking, there's surely more negative stuff here - and lots more detail - than you've encountered before.
Curiously, the more the film testifies to the unique velocity of Jobs's persona, the more routine his story feels.
Jobs' extraordinary achievements are given their due, but the film makes it abundantly clear that he could also be a hardhearted and self-centered S.O.B.
Steve Jobs: The Man in the Machine might be as close to a sure thing on paper as any documentary can be, but there's a problem: Jobs, it turns out, is too much of a challenge even for Gibney to tackle.
Steve Jobs: The Man in the Machine is practically a sequel to Going Clear. Both Apple and Scientology are corporations that claim to stand for something purer than greed.
Everything that's wrong with the Alex Gibney approach: a combination of pure exposition and shallow insights, this one combined with a takedown that's borderline passive-aggressive.
The doc merits seeing it on its terms and should generate plenty of buzz in this Apple-obsessed world, but word-of-mouth may not be kind.
Steve Jobs: Man in the Machine is a film wholly unworthy of its subject; a viciously one-sided examination of a remarkably complex individual. If you want the full picture, read the book.
While there are no grand revelations, it's a methodical assault, chipping away at the hagiography of Jobs again and again.
Skewed as it is, Steve Jobs contains a lot of valuable information about its subject, all of it presented in a precise and focused style.
After "The Man in the Machine," you may never look at that iPhone in your hand the same way again. You truly will think different.
May be the best movie we ever get about the subject of Steve Jobs (at least for now).
A work of arduous assemblage that values information over affect and zip over conviction in its ramshackle historicizing of Apple CEO Steve Jobs.
Gibney has a really great ability to consider the contradictions that made up Steve Jobs, a thorough scumbag who had an artist's flair for technology.
Damning. And definitive.
What emerges is a complex individual.
Zeroes in on the essential contradictions of the Apple co-founder.
Jobs is a fascinating subject -- and our growing understanding of his talents for manipulation and martyrdom makes the wealth of archival interviews increasingly fascinating.
Wholly unoriginal. We've seen not only this same material but versions of this same take on the material from multiple books, magazine articles, thinkpieces, one-man monologue shows, and even the Ashton Kutcher Jobs movie.
It's a riveting and important corrective to the myths Jobs helped to propagate, and which in the four years since his death have proved as seductive as his machines - and a lot more durable.
Alex Gibney takes on Steve Jobs and society's ongoing Apple addiction in this deeply critical biographical portrait.

@highlight

Steve Jobs: Man in the Machine offers absorbing viewing, even if it doesn't delve deeply into its complex subject.