Henry Hathaway's 1969 adaptation was highly faithful... The Coens' movie is less faithful than Hathaway's but stronger - the production, by their regular team, is formally superb - and weirder.
Disappointing overall, though entertaining at times, True Grit isn't exactly the Coen brothers best movie but they get an A for effort.
But the Coen brothers' version of Portis's story, despite its pedigree, large budget, and superlative thespians, lacks a full-on punch.
Frontier justice is, at best and at worst, half blind.
The sharp humour of the film and flashes of eccentricity, such as a henchman who only communicates using animal noises, show the Coens' unique personality, but as a whole True Grit is beautifully, simply classic.
The year's best film. Deeply moving and entirely unexpected.
A fascinating study in how two films can follow the same source material fairly closely but come up with interpretations so tonally, spiritually different--but equally valid.
Fantastic performances all around, great dialogue and damn fine filmmaking make this one of the best of the year.
With his leisurely growl, somewhere between trail-grizzled and post-nap, Bridges sounds as if he's talking through his collar, in a vocal performance that's entertaining no matter what he's saying.
Duke has been usurped by the Dude, and I couldn't be more thrilled by the experience of watching one of our finest actors take a role as iconic as Rooster Cogburn and indisputably make it his own.
It may not rank among the Coen Brothers' greatest works, but their new adaptation of the Portis novel is intriguing to watch, beautifully filmed, and well worth taking a look at for the fascinating characters.
True Grit is as close to Disney as the Coens get. And go figure, this time out, it is meant as a compliment.
Non-gritty update a step up from John Wayne and Glen Campbell
... The best of both worlds: a classic Western and classic Coen brothers.
...a traditional Western that's been augmented with a number of irresistibly off-kilter elements.
Not as out-there as Lebowski, as bleak as No Country, or as twisted as Fargo, but it crackles, like a good campfire, with colorful Coen flourishes all the same.
Either I'm softening on the Coens or they are softening themselves. Not as darkly comic as their prior films, this western is easily one of their better films.
The dialogue zings with period flourish and point-blank delivery.
Jeff Bridges is rough and rowdy marshal Ruben "Rooster" Cogburn, and manages to put his own stamp on the role made famous in 1969 by John Wayne. It's no surprise that he knows how to bring a wide palette of colors to this character, and he seems to be...
The title refers to the trait Mattie needs in her avenger, though the film sympathizes with the criminal outcasts.
... the most accessible and successful (financially speaking) film of their career.
This True Grit is timeless.
The new movie really is quite different from the older one, and in almost every way an improvement.
A marvelous film. The highlight is the performance of Hailee Steinfeld as the young heroine, Mattie Ross, but also boasting strong turns by Jeff Bridges and Matt Damon.
The brothers' fidelity to Portis' novel not only honors a great literary achievement but also makes for a narrative with fascinating interruptions, digressions and enigmatic encounters...
This isn't the deepest Western or the most thoughtful Coen brothers film, but dang if it isn't a good time.
There's a first time for everything and, finally, now there's a Coen Brothers movie that you can watch alongside your parents without them complaining that it's too weird.
Does Damon spend the whole movie doing his Matthew McConaughey impression? Yeah. If you've seen the bit in question, it's actually kind of distracting.
Más que una remake, una readaptación de la novela original hecha con mayor fidelidad. En sus mejores momentos (y Temple de Acero tiene varios buenos momentos) los Coen siguen demostrando por qué son dos de los más brillantes cineastas de la actualidad.
Bridges is a riot, and Damon proves himself once again. But it's Steinfeld who most amazes; more than a child actor, she's an actual performer, playing a character.
It's a superior film in every way to Henry Hathaway's original, though that film shouldn't be discounted.
This masterful, touching, and hugely entertaining picture is a rousing depiction of manly leadership and moral certitude set in a world unencumbered by political correctness.
The Coen brothers' excellent western True Grit is a second and rather different version of Charles Portis's novel, rather than a remake of the 1969 film that brought John Wayne an Oscar as the one-eyed bounty hunter Marshal Rooster Cogburn.
Solid, classy entertainment with something for practically everyone, from casual film fans to Coen brothers obsessives.
True Grit is the third film the Coen brothers have made since the triumph of No Country for Old Men. It's just as characteristic and deserves just as much success.
At an uncertain time for heroes in America, there's no wonder it's packing 'em in.
The Dude fills the Duke's boots for straight-shooting Coens.
What makes True Grit truly brilliant, however, isn't just the Coens' reverence for the style and tone of the Westerns of yesteryear, but the John Ford-inspired manner in which they manage to both epitomise and eulogise the myth of the Old West...
Até mesmo John Wayne seria obrigado a reconhecer a superioridade desta nova versão.
Like a cowboy lassoed behind a horse, the Coen brothers have dragged the Western kicking and screaming into the 21st Century... and How!
It meanders along, convinced of its own idiosyncratic suavity, never venturing out of its makers' comfort zones.
The Coens are nothing if not film buffs, and their framings lovingly copy earlier movies, most noticeably John Ford's The Searchers and Charles Laughton's Night Of The Hunter.
This True Grit is a very impressive piece of work, beautifully photographed by Roger Deakins, and if you had never seen the original, it might be getting even higher praise.
A riveting ride with a fabulous cast.
Not surprisingly, Joel and Ethan Coen's True Grit is leaner, meaner and funnier than the 1969 John Wayne Western that first put grizzled US Marshal Rooster Cogburn on screen.
Hugely enjoyable, pleasingly old-fashioned (and Oscar nominated) Western that gets everything right...
A series of photogravures formed into an elegant, high-toned flip book.
It could be the Coens' most straightforward film, but it's also one of their best.
Great stuff.
Remakes that outdo the original are as rare as a brimstone preacher in a saloon bar...but this leaves Henry Hathaway's 60s version stone dead.
True Grit stands as an impressive deconstruction (and revalorisation) of the western genre, as a vast improvement on Hathaway's True Grit from the late Sixties, and as a collection of excellent performances, fine technique and oddball moments
Imagine you heard the Coen brothers had gone and made a straight-up Western. Now imagine Jeff Bridges, Josh Brolin and Matt Damon were in it. As movie news goes, that's on a par with Christina Hendricks signing up for the Piranha 3D sequel.
Terrific: tough, exciting, funny, gorgeous and bewitchingly acted, this is darn close to perfection.
The kind of slam-bang entertainment that's rare in filmmaking today and is truly the grittiest western of the decade.
Even if the movie doesn't immediately blow you away like a shotgun blast, it'll creep up on you like rattlesnake venom.
Bridges' performance as Cogburn is so good you can almost smell the whiskey as he growls and drawls his way through the script.
When we see Cogburn in full flight - riding against four armed men - this is rousing stuff. You'd like to think the Duke himself would be applauding the Dude from afar.
True Grit is a parable of strong spiritual significance in its exploration of the attainment of sin in the pursuit of revenge, and mercy in the face of death.
Excellent production values (especially costume design) couple with standout performances from Jeff Bridges and Matt Damon for a terrific cinematic escape.
Steinfeld more than holds her own in this high callibre company, shining in her role, as the Coen's shift the focus of the film on to her character to mirror the original novel's style.
(The Coen Brothers have) created one of the great westerns of the modern era, harnessing the wild west vibe they sprinkled through No Country For Old Men but this time diving whole-heartedly into the traditions and era of the genre.
True Grit is as good as one of their minor works gets.
Although it mightn't be Coen in quirk, it certainly is Coen in quality.
On its own merits, without considering its origins, True Grit is a fantastic film ... and might be considered one of the Coens' best when their career is looked at in retrospect.
Steinfeld takes everything in her stride and makes every scene her own, an achievement made all the more remarkable given she is on screen for virtually the entire picture.
Delivers a perfectly fine, character-driven revenge yarn before unaccountably falling into a heap in its final act.
Reviewing a Coen Brothers film is usually an exercise in inventively arranging superlatives, and True Grit definitely doesn't break from the mould.
Jeff Bridges ain't the Duke, no sir, but the Duke weren't Jeff Bridges, neither.
Joel and Ethan Coen's adaptation of Charles Portis' novel has all the trimmings you'd expect from a film by these brothers extraordinaire
True Grit is essential viewing, a significant installment in the Coen brothers' exploration of what it means to be an American and just a damn good yarn.
True Grit is exceptionally entertaining and is probably the first in the Coen canon that could almost be categorized as a family film. Almost.
Driven by pitch-perfect performances and a real sense of reverence for the western, this marks another extraordinary achievement for the Coens.
True Grit is a compelling and engaging story that is told effectively and confidently.
Delivers not just retribution but audience satisfaction
The Coens have adapted Charles Portis's novel, not the Marguerite Roberts screenplay, and the result is breathtaking
Only filmmakers with as impressive a back catalogue and supreme a talent as the Coen brothers could relax and produce a film as 'simple and straight' as True Grit and have it still be a thrilling, haunting, hilarious, minor-masterpiece.
As a nearly-definitive cinematic representation, one doubts it will ever be contested.
At just thirteen years of age, Heilee Steinfeld delivers one of the most memorable performances of the year.
After you've lived through "Animal Kingdom," "Blue Valentine" and "The Kids Are All Right," come for a ride on these trails and enter a whole more relaxing landscape.
The old-school American western was not dead, it seems. It was just playing possum, waiting for the Coens to come along and rouse it.
Haunted, painterly, and unafraid of mouthfuls of Portis' prose, it's a marriage of Mark Twain and Brothers Grimm as well as a gallant remembrance
It's mean as a snake and has no illusions about the Glorious West.
The tense verbal comedy of Mattie's early negotiation with a Fort Smith merchant should win you over to this movie's high linguistic wit.
The look and tone of this literary western tells you immediately that you are in the capable hands of great filmmakers who bother with even the smallest details.
Jeff Bridges as Rooster Cogburn is both hilarious and deadly.
'Is your every utterance to be indecipherable, Marshall? Your vocalizations are less words than outhouse rumbles after overconsumption of whisky and chicken wings. Does your throat retain an unfortunate tumbleweed?'
True Grit carries on gallantly for much if its ride, but when the sun sets in the west, it's still missing something.
Audiences should be so lucky if all remakes were this good (and this isn't even a remake.)
In the earlier rendition, the Duke was the star, period. Here, while Jeff Bridges is the star, it is as first among equals with his costars, especially [Hailee] Steinfeld.
The Coens' film is franker than its predecessor about the violence of the old West and of Portis's book; it is also franker about the religiosity.
Tight, smart, funny and compelling.
Watching them snipe at each other was one of the undeniable pleasures of the 2010 movie season.
The Coen Brothers dark and quirky look at an old story/movie is entertaining, but Jeff Bridges is no John Wayne. One is a legend and one is not.
Demonstrates that the Coens' mastery of filmmaking is so complete they are able to jettison most of their fabled eccentricities and idiosyncrasies and still beat Hollywood's straight shooters at their own game.
True Grit is a western with a Coen twist that also remembers the original with a fond tribute.
True Grit is not without its rewards, but the Coens can't quite make the case why this story needed to be told again.
Stands on its' own as an instant classic to which even 'The Duke' himself would tip his hat.
The best overall cast of the year and Steinfeld does a great job of keeping up with Bridges and Damon.
Even though the Coens make a conscious turn away from sentimentality as often as they can -- much like their crafty lead character -- True Grit takes on an unexpected and understated poignancy in its final sequence.
We didn't really need another True Grit, but the Coen brothers delivered a smart, funny retelling of the Rooster Cogburn saga all the same.
While Wayne stole the show in the original film, Steinfeld easily takes the honor this time around with a performance that belies the actress's age and experience.
Nothing very startling happens, but the Coens have a sure hand, and Bridges, in the old John Wayne role, plays a man, not a myth; you can sense Rooster's stink and his nasty intelligence, too.
The Coens' black humor perfectly matches Charles Portis' original observations.
While the Coens' film is more astringent and lacks Hathaway's sweetened ending, it does not wander off down black trails in pursuit of violent quirk.
Jeff Bridges must be commended for his fresh interpretation of the roguish Rooster Cogburn.
The Coens have made careers out of slyly subverting and expanding the genres they take on. Dial that back and you're left with an inherent disappointment.
The Coens Return the Western from the post-Modern to the Classic in this Fun, Briskly Poetic Flick.
Another "edgy" movie by the Coens filled with the usual comic mixture of sadism and misanthropy, this time expressed through its two lead male characters, a bushwhacker veteran and a Texas Ranger, two of America's most malignant forces.
Worth watching for its excellent cast, notably Hailee Steinfeld, but one can't escape feeling there should've been much more to the Coen brothers' True Grit. Still, the Duke's presence aside, it's a definite improvement over the original.
The real reason to see the film is the work of the Coens' regular collaborators, cinematographer Roger Deakins and composer Carter Burwell, who supply the visual and auditory landscapes that are True Grit's most notable achievement.
Knowing he can't outgun a legend,the Dude doesn't try to out-duke the Duke. He adds a dimension here and there, and his copycat performance is almost a tribute.
No one will lose out, as both pictures are of comparable value. Forced to choose, I'd actually go with the Duke's at-bat, although Jeff Bridges is certainly more than capable in taking on the iconic role.
The Coen Brothers' True Grit may not be a better movie than the original but it's certainly a better production.
Joel Coen and Ethan Coen fill the film with self-conscious good humor-hey, it's the Coen brothers-and the charmingly old-fashioned locutions of the Charles Portis novel.
Despite the source novel and the original film, this one feels precisely like a pure Coen brothers film; they have taken everything that came before and made it their own.
No doubt many will favorably compare 'True Grit' to 'No Country for Old Men' (2007) and rightfully so...I see no reason why someone like Sarah Palin would not love this film.
The Coens' triple-barreled gamble - adapting a classic book that's previously been adapted for a classic film headlined by a famous star - succeeds beautifully.
Coens capture lightning in a bottle with Steinfeld.
Everything about it feels fresh, new and, yes, unmistakably a Coen Brothers picture. It's also one of the best films of the year, and almost certainly the best-looking one.
Brilliantly Done!
The Dude trump the Duke in Grit-ier Remake.
consistently engrossing and suspenseful, with flashes of dark humor that offset the gradual revelation of genuine sentiment
Looking at True Grit in a vacuum - not just free of the Coen Brothers other films but the original 1969 John Wayne version as well - it is a fantastic movie experience.
The movie surpasses the original in sound effects, cinematography and a Western-themed original score. Other kudos go to the interior design of the courtroom, the scenes of Main Street and the period apparel.
What you don't get from the commercials is how wonderfully funny it is. Of course, you expect something like this from the Coen brothers. In True Grit, they deliver what they normally do, which is a fantastic mix of humor and, you'll forgive me here, grit.
The Bible argues an eye for an eye. But as Rooster Cogburn doesn't have an eye to spare, the movie needs to ask if their death quest is worth the risk.
Based on the beloved 1968 novel by Arkansas writer Charles Portis, "True Grit" is an American classic featuring scenes of galvanic violence, befitting a true Wild West tale.
"True Grit" succeeds because of the interplay among its three main characters. It can stand on its own and need not worry about being lost in the shadow of the original.
Beautifully executed on all levels including Deakins' stunning cinematography, Burwell's emotional score, the Coen's perfect direction and Bridges/Steinfeld's epic performances.
A great film that will stand the test of time.
Seemingly simple and straightforward upon first glance, the handsome period Western blossoms considerably into a profound nostalgic experience.
Even a "pretty good" Coen brothers film is still head and shoulders above career bests by most filmmakers.
It just feels minor, albeit minor in the way of two of our very best geniuses.
The manner of speaking, disdaining the use of contractions á la Damon Runyon, adds a lot to the charm of the film. Bridges and Steinfeld give bravura performances.
It plays to deeps but, like most of the Coens' films, it plays brilliantly on the surface as well.
The Coens' True Grit doesn't just honor the original -- it gives the story new life.
This True Grit makes the original almost unwatchable except as a curio.
If there's one thing I don't need in my Christmas stocking this year, it's a sorry, lumbering and unasked-for remake of the 1969 sagebrush saga True Grit.
The Coens' version benefits from Roger Deakins' beautiful cinematography and a much snappier pace....
Listening to the characters speak is part of the charm, hearing Mattie, Rooster, LaBoeuf and all the rest converse an operatically charming symphony of language that tickled my eardrums.
The Coens adhere much closer to Portis' novel than the 1969 adaptation did, relishing the era-appropriate  language as if it were their own tongue and imbuing the proceedings with a romantic, ultimately melancholy sense of adventure.
It's somewhat disappointing to say that I merely like it. I understand why people will fall head over heels for it but my feet stayed firmly on the ground.
True Grit is indeed a true Coen brothers movie.
Just saddle up and see it yourself.
The Coens' version of True Grit remains faithful to the Portis novel, although much of the book's humor falls flat in the course of its delivery in the film.
The thought of remaking the film that finally garnered an Academy Award for John Wayne seemed inconceivable at first, but in the hands of Oscar winners Ethan and Joel Coen, 'True Grit,' is a splendid delight and a reboot that Wayne would be proud of.
Give it to the Coens then: for all the mayhem and marble-mouthed exchanges about morality and machismo, their film is also remarkably appealing, populated by characters who are lacerating, loopy and defiantly capable of surprising each other.
The filmmaking brothers are a perfect match for the material, and 2010's True Grit turned out to be one of the best films of the year.
I was pleasantly surprised to see the Coen brothers actually produce a real western that holds up pretty well against the original.
The Coen brothers' singular spin on the material and their stellar cast's take on their roles distinguishes - and elevates - this remake from the original.
Though handsomely made and well acted, the film never completely escapes the sense that it's an exercise in genre excavation.
Bridges is a marvelous Cogburn, leaking words out of the side of his mouth as if he were simultaneously chewing on gravel. Those fearless Coens, refusing to be pigeon-holed, treat us to a tall order of bona fide grit.
The Coens' makings, maybe, were just a little too dry. But the thing still smokes.
...the Coen brothers have produced their most traditional and accessible film yet. And that's not a bad thing.
True Grit isn't so much a major film as a good time, and there's nothing wrong with that. Maybe this movie can get westerns back in the saddle again.
This remake by Joel and Ethan Coen is being positioned as a truer True Grit, and though they take their own liberties with the plot and tone, they preserve Portis's impeccably authentic dialogue.
The Coen brothers have made their most sincere film yet, a western as spare and yet majestic as its unspoiled landscapes.
Coen brothers tackle classic Western with wit and brutality.
The twist is that there's no twist at all in "True Grit." With consummate skill and loving care, the Coens created a film that's a beautiful ode to a venerable movie genre.
The breakthrough star performance by 13-year-old Hailee Steinfeld is an unexpected revelation.
The Coen brothers shoot straight with a slick, surreal remake of this classic Western.
It's my number four pick for best film of the year. (Parental Review also Available)
Remake, re-imagining, call it what you will - True Grit is the Coen brothers' best movie in a decade.
True Grit stands as a testament to the fact that apparently it IS possible to produce an excellent remake of a classic and beloved film.
A rousing adventure that's also sneakily comic, with humor that rises from the sharply drawn characters and the dialogue they spout. And how wonderfully they spout!
This is Portis, very nearly, on the screen -- a transformation that was worth waiting some decades to get right.
Some people are expressing amazement that Joel and Ethan Coen would set out to make a classic western in the first place, and then that they'd accomplish it. All I can say is that those folks haven't been paying attention.
My only reservation about the movie, not a serious one but a nagging one, is that watching the film it's hard to see why the Coens wanted to make it.
"True Grit" proves to be as funny and heroic as any other legend, and tells an expert tale to boot.
In choosing not to reinvent the wagon wheel with True Grit, the Coens ironically seem radical by being conformists. There's truth and beauty in their faithfulness, though, and a reminder never to presume too much about these sibling ciphers.
The big names in the cast all do excellent work, but the biggest surprise is all but unknown Steinfeld.
In addition to being the Coens' most sentimental movie, it is probably their simplest.
It's a tonal mash-up no one but the Coens could deliver, the finest, most intelligent Western since "Unforgiven," with the funniest public hanging since "Blazing Saddles."
Writer-directors Joel and Ethan Coen preserve the spare tone and stilted formality of language in Charles Portis' slim 1968 novel to craft a tale of frontier justice that is equal parts "Deadwood" and Dickens.
This is a dirty, stinky Western -- the kind where authenticity is the guiding artistic hand and where a layer of filth and grime have seemingly settled over everything but the popcorn in your lap.
Joel and Ethan Coen have pulled off an impressive feat: repurposing a classic film with their idiosyncratic blend of dark, deadpan humor and palpable suspense, while remaining ultra-faithful to the novel.
If anyone ever needed a quick lesson in the difference between being a great star and being a great actor, a new "True Grit" arrives to give a master's class.
Jeff Bridges is no John Wayne, but he does help make this True Grit one of the best westerns you will ever see.
The Coens, who like to play with genre, often with giggles and winks, haven't mounted an assault on the western. But in Mattie they have created a character whose single-minded pursuit of vengeance has unmistakable resonance.
As with their lean, mean lensing of No Country for Old Men, they've made a straight-forward literary adaptation that is respectful to its source and its traditions while still packing its own distinctive punch.
True Grit speaks to our current moment of vengeful, moral uncertainty. It continues the same revamped Americana that distinguished the Coens' sophisticated remake of The Ladykillers -- a truly original religiouspolitical hybrid.
In the West imagined by Charles Portis' 1969 novel and the Coens, even an exercise in nostalgia comes equipped with sudden death and cold irony.
Almost entirely bereft of the Coens' usual nihilistic commentary, True Grit has no bigger agenda than being one of the best, most handsome Westerns you've ever seen.
The best thing in this remake is Hailee Steinfeld as the young girl Mattie Ross who hires Cogburn to help her track down her father's killer.
A character actor rather than a Hollywood monument, Bridges so thoroughly cloaks himself in Cogburn's darkness that he threatens to disappear altogether. The same could never be said of Wayne, but the point of 'True Grit' is not to invite comparisons.
Steinfeld delivers the best performance by any American actress that I have seen in 2010.
...less faithful to actual plot details than the Henry Hathaway film that starred John Wayne, but it gets the tone exactly right.
Uninspired compared to previous efforts, making it fairly blatant the Coens should stick to their own original material.
And while Bridges is not the Duke, he IS the Dude, and he makes Rooster his own...
True Grit, nearly on par with the original film, is a reliable, if insubstantial, genre piece.
It's a kind of revelation to see how well the story of True Grit fits the sensibilities of the Coens.
So much more than just a study in dusty chestnuts of the Wild West.
The Coens have crafted a vastly entertaining Wild West show that is memorable in every particular.
On its own conventional terms, the film succeeds -- maybe not as a "Coen Brothers" movie, but as a tall tale well told.
Those of us who admire Charles Portis' novel have waited 40 years for a screen version that's as literal as possible -- and the Coen brothers just about deliver it.
True Grit is well-wrought, if overly talkative, and seriously ambitious, returning the Coens to the all-American sagebrush and gun smoke landscape that has best nourished their wise-guy sensibility
This is a visually and sonically beautiful movie that uses space, distance and time to immerse you in a very particular world of mystery, awe and brutality.
An old-time, classically told Cowboy Movie, and a darned good one.
It is not clear we needed another adaptation of the Charles Portis novel, but the production is first rate. It has more texture and more edge.
It's moving, and brilliantly done, and shows how the Coens have strengthened and matured as filmmakers. Their work feels less engineered, and there's a new gravity and sincerity to it.
True Grit is probably the least ironic picture in the Coen Brothers' worthy canon, but that doesn't mean it's devoid of their signature oddities, that it doesn't take a few dark, strange turns.
If the Wild West has a code, the Coen brothers are playing it by the book.
If Laura Ingalls Wilder took a detour through Cormac McCarthy country on the way to her Little House, she might stumble upon True Grit, a classic Western tale livened up by a few Coen brothers tweaks.
...the Coens' film makes it far more clear that the true grit in question belongs to Mattie (and her horse Little Blackie!), largely due to their discovery's formidable, clear-eyed acting talent.
A genuine triumph for all concerned...one of the year's best films.
The brothers prove they can play it straight, but they're preferred, for better and worse, at a sharp angle.
Bumptious though it might be, Bridges's performance touches on the same depths and complexities that Wayne did in those masterpieces. And the Coen brothers, like Ford, confront and clarify the paradoxes their film raises.
The Coen Brothers hit the bull's-eye with this captivating western where the good guys fight with words first and guns second.
I'm surprised the Coens made this film, so unlike their other work, except in quality.
It feels more like an assignment fulfilled than a passion pursued. But craft this strong - and, despite the tonal uncertainty, true - should not be taken for granted.
Once you settle in with the film that's in front of you, instead of the one you were expecting, True Grit draws you in as fully as the Coens' best work...
Funny when you least expect it and driven by great performances from Bridges and Steinfeld, True Grit is every bit as good as it looks, but it's far from the Coens' best.
These highfalutin boys sure know how to wrastle up one spitfire of a Western.
What seems like a boilerplate story comes alive through the passionate performances and finely tuned narrative, which sinks its hooks into you then drags you on a ride that grows increasingly wild, panic-ridden and beautiful.
True Grit is a gorgeously shot, well-acted Western that resonates more the more you let it settle.
It's sort of a screwball Western, if you will, with vivid performances and strikingly vast, picturesque vistas, the always gorgeous work of the always great Roger Deakins, the Coens' frequent cinematographer.
The purity of Steinfeld's ability to convey Mattie's guileless sense of justice gives the film plenty of emotional ballast, particularly in the last 20 minutes or so.
In overtaking a legend, this True Grit earns its spurs.
It's great.
Bridges, that most natural of actors, gives an entirely different kind of performance: loose and playful, not worrying too much about whether we can understand him (often we can't, but never mind).
True Grit has sweep and scope and entertainment value to burn, but it's Mattie who invests even the grandest aesthetic elements with meaning.
The Coens direct True Grit with a light touch, but like Portis' stark, funny novel, their adventure tale shaves off none of the rough edges. It's simultaneously rollicking and grave.
...not only a clever, meticulous deconstruction of a genre's tropes. This is a real Western, the kind we don't get much anymore.
Putting aside their signature funky smart-aleck style, The Coen Brothers have still delivered what is truly one of the best, most polished and entertaining movies of the year.
In a most deflating film year of unspeakable mediocrity, Grit is a welcome adrenaline shot of widescreen artistry and chewy personality, adding another trophy to the crowded mantle of these filmmaking masters.
Kind of a victory lap for Jeff Bridges. Dark. And not as much fun as the original.
Not only does it have the drop on the 1969 version, it's the first great movie of 2011.
This disappointing Coen Brothers foray into the Western genre has little of the Brothers' trademark quality and barely improves on the John Wayne original.
Moves at a clip in its second act that doesn't let its journey or lively script achieve the original's tension or emotion. What remains is its determination and attitude.
True Grit, one of the best films of 2010, is a reminder of why remakes are not always bad.
Why did the typically sardonic Coens want to make this film? A glance at the Portis novel yields a simple answer: Why wouldn't they?
A terrific western..One of the best movies of the year and one that shows other filmmakers just how a western should be made.
The sweaty, elongated beards, undernourished horses and alcohol-soaked characters... True Grit made my nostrils flare; it was caked-on perspiration with a very distinct mustiness. Of course, the smell easily could have been the woman sitting next to me.
The Coens craft a handsome Western that fits comfortably within genre traditions and their own distinctive body of work.
[The] sense that there's something great just beyond the grasp of the Coens here, something that they may not even be aware of, hangs over this elegant yet somehow vaguely unfinished film.
[True Grit's] quill is dipped in the mysterious, magical ink of America's near-holy myths, then applied by the steady hands of masters.
After three consecutive films fixated on the absurd cruelty and randomness of life, Joel and Ethan Coen adopt a slightly more heartening perspective with True Grit.
An entertaining and feisty Western from the Coen Brothers propelled by an incredibly fetching performance by Hailee Steinfeld as a wise beyond her years teenager with indomitable will-power.
Get Smart: Brain matter may be finally paying off when it comes to those famously shallow when not grossed out screen teens.
Its great strength is its contrast between a brash young innocent and a seen-it-all, laid-back older man.
True Grit is done with such inventiveness that I was in moviegoing ecstasy.
Using the themes of protestant hymns such as "What a Friend We Have in Jesus" and "Leaning on the Everlasting Arms," Carter provides a score that soars above the film and resonates in your head long after you've left the theater.
True Grit is fun and entertaining, not to mention dark and extremely violent, but nothing more than that ... an abiding sense of faithfulness to the novel pervades the entire film and ultimately holds it back.
Mainly, "True Grit" functions as an elaborate homage that results in their most conventional outing behind the camera.
If grit were all you needed, this film would deliver on the grizzled men, dirty and grumbling with rotted teeth. Of course, you can also admire the story, the characters, the world, the humor and/or the action.
The story is beautifully articulated through the wonderful performances of Damon, Steinfeld and Bridges, making True Grit one of the best films of the year.
Lean and mean, with a killer performance from Jeff Bridges, and star-making role for Halie Steinfeld.
The directors' propensity for verbiage and ironic violence fits the story like a fringed suede glove. Welcome to the first stoic screwball Western.
Truer than the John Wayne showpiece and less gritty than the book, this True Grit is just tasty enough to leave movie lovers hungry for a missing spice.
While Jeff Bridges, Matt Damon, and Josh Brolin have their names above the marquee, the star of True Grit is thirteen year old Hailee Steinfeld.
The Coens have made the best Western since Unforgiven.
The Coens' True Grit isn't as momentous an event as you might hope, but once you adjust to its deliberate rhythms (it starts slowly), it's a charming, deadpan Western comedy.
Remarkable remake of the 1969 film that starred John Wayne.
The very definition of [The Coens'] trademark surrealism and slick sense of humor injected in to an old fashioned revenge Western...
I knew Duke Wayne [no one who knew him called him "John"] -- and Jeff Bridges, you're no Duke Wayne.
(VIDEO) "True Grit" is one damned fine western that's better than the original.
No one really asked for it and some may resist it, but Joel and Ethan Coen's splendid new adaptation of Charles Portis' novel True Grit rides with the great ones.
A tight, concise Western that pays more homage than it does re-invent the genre, True Grit isn't quite the masterpiece some were expecting, but it's so much fun to watch that many will leave the theater thirsting for more.
It's hard to imagine bigger boots to fill than the ones that earned John Wayne his Oscar in True Grit, and yet Jeff Bridges handily reinvents the iconic role of Rooster Cogburn in the Coen brothers' back-to-the-book remake.
Well-made and acted Coen Brothers remake lacks the humor and resonance that might have made it memorable.
The Coens don't need to reinvent or deconstruct the Western. This isn't a 21st century take on anything, it's just a damn good Western story told damn well.
The Coens are at the top of their game, honoring the great John Ford with a tip of the hat to Anthony Mann.
The result is one of the most crowd-pleasing films I think the Coens have ever made, accessible and simple and mythic and beautiful...
The versatile Joel and Ethan Coen take a major step toward mainstream (and more conventional) cinema in their enjoyable, well acted remake of the 1969 classic Western, for which John Wayne won an Oscar and Jeff Bridges should get a nomination.




@highlight

Girded by strong performances from Jeff Bridges, Matt Damon, and newcomer Hailee Steinfeld, and lifted by some of the Coens' most finely tuned, unaffected work, True Grit is a worthy companion to the Charles Portis book.