Getting to the end is more chore than treat.
Of the many talented black actresses given a rare chance to shine thanks to Perry's films, [Angela Bassett] is possibly the most talented.
After taking some steps toward maturity and shades of grey in his last film, Perry takes a step backward, retreating to broad schtick and black-and-white formula.
Moral: guns, basketball = interesting; hospital beds, recovery time = dull, and therefore unnecessary.
The inner-city melodrama is as sticky as ever, but the downhome Georgia comedy is genuinely funny.
Master of disguise Perry's tangled web of narrative threads range from poignant to positively awful.
On top of everything else, the direction is sloppy, the script is forced, and the whole thing feels like a bad hallmark film.
Enjoyable movie about a nice family that contains some quirky characters
perhaps Perry's time in the limelight may be shorter than he -- or his fans -- think.
Tyler Perry continues his exploration of the sense and sensbility of the African-American community with this fun-loving celebration of the possibility of second chances.
Oh my, what magic Angela Bassett can work!
...[the] latest sausage from writer-director Tyler Perry...
By refusing to really get his hands dirty or to show the truth of the matter, Perry's work appears shallow and uninformed, thus begging the question: Is his work honest?
The filmmaking is often sloppy [and] the plot has some elements that are ridiculous ... but Meet the Browns does have a major plus in Angela Bassett.
Well, it took five tries, but Tyler Perry has finally made a good movie.
The importance of faith, church, kin, staying off drugs, sharing food, repenting from sin, forgiving sinners, appreciating a good black man, rejecting a bad one, and honoring black matriarchy is enumerated with typical, reassuring Perry broadness.
Does take a preachy direction in the final half, it's otherwise a fulfilling experience with all around great performances with some raucous laughs to be had...
After the enjoyable Why Did I Get Married?, Meet the Browns is a woeful setback.
While I could never call Meet the Browns a good movie, I will say it has moments that suggest Perry might yet make one.
Unlike Diary, the drama here is buoyant enough to handle the contrast of its too-silly slapstick.
By any aesthetic or cinematic standard, it is a terrible movie.
Feel-good film is formulaic but OK for teens .
Meet the Browns is packed with raucous dinner-table banter and broad double takes; sometimes the gags are funny, but usually they're just trying too hard.
Meet the Browns is lots of fun -- light on the Jesus-ifying and heavy on showcasing some very talented African-American performers whom audiences don't get to see often enough. You'll be glad to have been introduced.
To appreciate Tyler Perry's Meet the Browns, there's really only one requirement: Loosen up.
Atlanta-based playwright-turned-entertainment mogul Tyler Perry's fourth feature may be his most awkwardly plotted, cliché-ridden effort to date.
There are a few laughs and some touching moments, but nothing you couldn't get by watching episodes of Good Times and Little House on the Prairie back to back.
Whatever progress the man was making, Browns is a Madea-sized big fat step backward.
Meet the Browns is saddled with the usual quotient of phony snafus and entanglements that are easily untangled.
Eventually something's got to give, and the slapdash feel of Meet the Browns hints that [Perry] might need to give himself a break.
While Bassett's performance deserves a better forum than Perry can provide, she gives his latest movie a sense of dignity its predecessors lacked.
An adaptation of one of his stage plays, Meet the Browns gives off the distinct feeling that Perry is treading water or at the very least is content to satisfy his audience with the minimum.
Feel-good themes of resilience, faith and family aren't sufficient to redeem this scattershot single-parent dramedy from the Diary of a Mad Black Woman auteur.
Meet the Browns is a typically affectionate, revealing and somewhat sprawling family comedy.
Meet the Browns, the latest Tyler Perry film, has a good heart. But it's a mess of a movie.
This isn't a movie: it's a buffet at which... Perry piles your plate with spoonfuls of absurd melodrama, a taste of gritty urban drama, a heaping of cheap cartoon, and a big side of corn.
Overall, 'Tyler Perry's Meet The Browns' is not as multi-layered and spiritual uplifting as a the previous films, but it will still appeal to his usual fan base.
It's Tyler Perry's aesthetic in a nutshell: strong, suffering female protagonists, no-good men, clear-cut ethical quandaries, schizophrenic tonal shifts handled as gracefully as bumper-car collisions, and a complete absence of moral ambiguity.
It'd be nice if [Perry] took more time to think about lighting and staging a scene -- but hey, he really doesn't have to.
The film demonstrates all too vividly its creator's penchant for soap opera-style melodramatics, absurdly broad comedy and offensively stereotypical characterizations.
Tyler Perry's Meet the Browns often plays more like Tyler Perry's Greatest Hits as it recycles various elements from the writer-director's earlier works.
[Perry's] films are hardly realistic, but they aren't exercises in pure escapism either. They offer comic relief and moral correction. And if they feel corny and hokey at times...that is partly because they make everyone who sees them,
Meet the Browns deserves its box office glory, Madea's clunky cameo notwithstanding.
Too laced with silly slapstick to measure up to the best of Tyler Perry's previous offerings, yet still hilarious in spots and ultimately satisfying enough to be well worth watching.
If everyone is going to be out there seeing a Tyler Perry movie this weekend, I don't mind that they're seeing this one.
Tyler Perry's Meet The Browns is another opportunity for Perry to hector his fans about leading good lives.
For a playwright-turned-filmmaker still preaching pretty much to a choir of (Tyler) Perry's devoted near-cult following stage-play converts, however, it might be enough.
Perry might be out to create a community spirit in theaters across the country, but, again, that doesn't excuse his thick-fingered mangling of dramatic expression and his questionable taste in racial caricatures. Meet the Browns is a stinker.
Tyler Perry's Meet the Browns isn't exactly a good movie, but it is a good Tyler Perry movie.
It would take a stony critic to dismiss entirely the movie's tribute to the virtues of perseverance and generosity.
Praise Jesus that Tyler Perry found Angela Bassett.
This cheerfully dim-witted film is ultimately a step backwards from its predecessor, the ensemble-driven Why Did I Get Married?






@highlight

Angela Bassett's considerable charms can't compensate for Meet the Browns ' incessant melodrama and scattered narrative threads.