Cockneys vs. Zombies doesn't offer much ingenuity in the zombie subgenre, but it's a rather enjoyable movie if you're looking for foul-mouthed, gun-toting octogenarians battling hordes of the undead with a caper twist thrown in for good measure.
This frantic lark is a bit more clever and a lot more amiable than most of what passes for "zom-com" these days.
Maybe it's me, but after all the bloated, clanging, FX-driven summer tent poles, I'm partial to a gentle genre horror comedy that has gooey guts - but doesn't throw the heart out with the steaming entrails.
This low-budget entry doesn't add much to the overpopulated recent roster of zombie flicks
[Blu-ray Review] Director Matthias Hoene gives the derivative tale a refreshing wit to go along with the flit pacing and imaginative gore.
A satisfying, enormously likable genre cocktail, Cockneys vs. Zombies not only delivers upon its title promise, but does so with wit and fleet-of-foot aplomb.
Cockneys vs. Zombies quickly overcomes its dull-as-death titling and turns out to be the best zombie yuk-fest since Edgar Wright broke new, unhallowed ground with Shaun of the Dead nearly a decade ago.
A great and hilarious zombie picture with plenty of in-jokes about zombie lore and the London culture.
A horror-comedy hoot a la "Shaun of the Dead" but I actually enjoyed this one a little more. Matthias Hoene directs the knowing, very funny script with aplomb.
You may protest that this is just a splattery feature-length sketch, and you'd be absolutely right. Why not have a laugh at this absurdly trite concept?
As subtle as its title, "Cockneys vs. Zombies" is mildly funny and easily likable.
[Hoene] set out to make a funny, fast-moving gross-out zombie flick, nothing beyond that, and he has succeeded with style.
The oldsters are feisty - a gun-totin' granny is played by Pussy Galore herself, "Goldfinger's" Honor Blackman - but the shtick's as flat as old ale.
Technical proficiency notwithstanding, basic storytelling lapses doom Cockneys Vs. Zombies to the realm of the second-rate and sloppy, all the way to a finale so abrupt and inconclusive, it's as if the filmmakers grew weary of their own undead endeavor.
An entertaining romp with nitwits and monsters, keeping to the essentials of makeshift warfare while preserving all the necessary funny business. All that's missing from the effort is a translator for American audiences.
"Cockneys vs. Zombies" might as well be "Babies vs. Zombies" or "Cats vs. Zombies" - strictly for addicts who don't care where their undead fix comes from.
Weightless as a bag of crisps, this matinee fare offers more laughs than scares.
Matthias Hoene allows the cockney swears to flow as deliriously as the truly convincing blood splatter, offering a few unexpected gut-busters along the way.
All that Hoene must do is stage his action well (he does), nail the comedic beats (gets it mostly right) and generally bring enough freshness to the endeavour so that detractors don't bleat "It's not as good as Shaun of the Dead" (which it is).
Stereotype collides with cliché in Cockneys vs. Zombies, but the impact isn't as painful as you might imagine.
I can't exactly call Cockneys vs Zombies an instant cult classic, but I'll absolutely call it a cult hit without hesitation.
Cockneys Vs. Zombies delivers exactly what is expected of a film called Cockneys Vs. Zombies. This is a farce first, horror film last.
Delivers in every way a zombie movie should: it's fun, tense in all the right places, and very, very gory.
Starring famous East End faces, the likes of Alan Ford are meant to bring a grit and X factor to the film but their catchphrases are nothing more than a cliché.
It's a zom-com mixed with novice gangster antics and "Cor blimey, guv" dialogue, but with gleefully silly gags, over-the-top performances and a neverending stream of zombie killshots, there's just so much fun to be had.
The genius of Shaun of the Dead haunts this London comedy-horror romp to such a degree that it's almost impossible to enjoy it on its own terms
The script has some very funny moments, and the cast is terrific, but the film is too inconsistent to be a classic
How can you not be amused to see Richard Briers with a Zimmer frame trying to outwalk a zombie?
It's a ragged film, indifferently acted, but not dislikable and occasionally quite amusing ...
Made on a low-budget this is cheap and cheerful but spirited, witty and warm-hearted.
I found myself lurching forwards and rocking with laughter.
unearthing the old Blitz spirit as an antidote to bleak Tory-led times of social abandonment and exclusion, it is an affectionate mash-up of the undead and the East End's underworld, with a half-buried subtext about England's overlooked underclass.
Cockneys vs Zombies is the work of a creative team who clearly have a deep reverence towards this type of material, it also has the potential to grow into a future small-screen cult fixture.
It's not exactly The Walking Dead or even Shaun Of The Dead but it knows its limitations and those old favourites are game for a laugh.
Comic timing livens the picture up no end. In fact, you could say it's the one thing that stops it from being hackneyed.
Like Snakes on a Plane, this is a film that seems content to sit back and let the title do all the work - the flat direction does little to imbue the proceedings with any feeling of tension or surprise.
Richard Briers, Honor Blackman, Dudley Sutton - what were you or your agents thinking of?
This subgenre is as tired as a walking corpse - with or without Cockneys.
A satisfying mix of gore and gorblimey charm ...
Enjoyable, frequently hilarious zombie comedy (zomcom) with a witty script, strong comic performances and a perfectly pitched balance between gore and gags ...
With less energy than one of Mother Brown's knees-ups but some genuine laughs and crackpot charm, Cockneys vs Zombies is more missed-opportunity than full-on misfire.
This Zimmer-zomcom is as subtle as a brick in the gob, but it's also a laugh riot.
Much more than just a witty title, this is a very genuine, very British send-up.
A film far better than it has any right to be by title alone.
It might sound like a lazy idea for an iPhone game but a few fresh jokes and lashings of creative gore help it stand out from the shuffling crowd.
You couldn't care less about who lives and who dies.

@highlight

If you're interested in watching a battle between cockneys and zombies, this is the movie for you.