A mindless action film meant solely for Tarantino fans.
By the end of the film, Tarantino delivers on the action with a car chase that will get anyone's engine revving.
Death Proof doesn't simply comment on its genre inspirations - it adds to their very legacy.
As an anomaly, a curio, even as half a movie, it's a winner. As a stand-alone feature, it struggles to stand up to close scrutiny.
Tarantino's very bloody half of Grindhouse.
Freed from the constraints of the Grindhouse package, Death Proof can now spread out, find its proper rhythms, and emerge as another excellent Tarantino classic.
A comprovação de que, nas mãos de um diretor que conhece a fundo a técnica e a história do Cinema, até mesmo um exercício de estilo sem grandes ambições pode representar uma experiência apaixonante para quem ama e respeita a Sétima Arte.
Clearly the work of somebody who has ingested Carol J. Clover's Men, Women, and Chainsaws, yet it is also more
"raja" koja voli Tarantina %u0107e imati itekako razloga da mu oprosti ovaj eksperiment.
Feels much longer than it is.
Death Proof is superbly made. There's a terrible tension watching these beautiful and spirited young women getting too close to the flame, followed by enormous relief when the mood changes in the second story.
A well-controlled buildup of expectations, suspense, and character contrast.
The problem for Tarantino in Death Proof is that the girl talk that occupies so much of the running time is anything but true to the culture 50 years ago. The setting is contempo, but the movie style is period
I've rarely seen a filmmaker, in current Hollywood at least, expose his sexual and sadistic kinks on screen with such shameless glee.
A tedious, meaninglessly anachronistic project.
Deliberately designed to look like a low-grade B-flick from the Fifties, this slasher adventure from Quentin Tarantino is a guaranteed treat for that rare film fan nostalgic about the worst era in cinema.
While playing by the rules--scantily clad women, sudden brutality, straightforward narrative--he also gleefully subverts the genre to keep us thoroughly entertained.
Tarantino has a blast with this affectionate nod to '70s exploitation flicks, but the dialogue isn't as good as it should have been.
The dialogue with which Tarantino is usually adept is disastrously clunky, the filmmaking largely without flair and even the apeing of the smears and scratches of the schlock originals seems ridiculous.
Next to Kill Bill, this is only 50 per cent proof, but the last car chase will have you hanging on for dear life.
With its scratchy print, jerky editing and retro title sequence, Quentin Tarantino's fifth film bends over backwards to establish its Seventies sexploitation-flick credentials.
This blend of girlie action flick with retro car-chase movie scores nought out of 10 for artistic expression but four for amiable delinquency.
A horror-comic splatterfest set in 2007, but somehow filmed in 1972, about a posse of women taking revenge on a murderous, misogynist stunt-driver.
Death Proof is an out-and-out dud, a film so profoundly dull, so relentlessly misguided, so criminally self-indulgent you almost feel bad criticising it. It's like kicking a man on crutches.
The appalling dialogue, mostly about the sexual predilections of his half-naked female cast, is so garbled, spotty and tedious that it fails to sell interest in a single character.
No need to buckle up, Death Proof is stuck in the slow lane. Self-indulgent and uninspired, bankrollers Bob and Harvey Weinstein should have reined in Tarantino with a genuine Grindhouse-sized budget.
Now with added lapdance, QT's B-movie homage to cars and girls deploys its cheap thrills with laid-back craft and class. Russell's wicked fun, Bell's a true trooper. Distributors! Can we have Planet Terror now, please?
There's plenty of fun to be had with Death Proof, but its imitation of a defunct, low-budget style of movie-making is perhaps too accurate when it comes to the genre's flaws.
A waste of time. A waste of celluloid. A waste of talent.
Smart attention is paid to some interesting tensions between old and new in areas as varied as pop culture, photography, effects work, automobile construction, telephony and audio recording technology.
Ladies and gentlemen, Quentin Tarantino presents Death Proof: another feature-length gimmick that chokes two screamingly good action sequences in a smog of self-indulgent, self-referential, self-satisfied flatulence.
Seriously entertaining American filmmaking and definitely not the half-serious pastiche it could easily have been. No seatbelt, no airbag, no nuthin' - just Tarantino driving wildly under the influence.
Death Proof might be a masterpiece.
If you want to do this material justice... hold off on it until the release of Planet Terror and then watch them both together.
Tarantino has literally lost the plot, foregoing narrative drive for loquacious idling.
What's new in Death Proof? Well, a lot of jibber-jabber. It's Tarantino jibber-jabber -- quick and juicy and deadpan and blunt and baroque -- but it's jibber-jabber nonetheless, minor time-filler between a few moments of twisted-metal glory or twisted-hum
Despite some benefits in sequences that feature Zoe Bell, the new cut, which is 111 minutes (and not 127 as listed in the program), also brings to the surface weaknesses, resulting in a bloated, self-important picture.
Much of this material is terrific in purely cinematic terms; one of Tarantino's saving graces as a filmmaker is his often surprising capacity for contemplative moments and patches of plotlessness.
Although overall impact of Tarantino's homage to chick-driven actioners and auto demolition derbies remains about the same, pic's second half, in particular, benefits from the further detailing it's now received.


@highlight

Death Proof may feel somewhat minor in the context of Tarantino's larger filmography, but on its own merits, it packs just enough of a wallop to deliver sufficiently high-octane grindhouse goods.