The pace falters near the end, but overall this is a brilliantly calculated audience pleaser.
With this role, Hawn further proves she was an actress of some talent and not just an attractive woman to be taken lightly.
The set pieces are beautifully handled, grizzled veteran Ben Johnson is watchable as the head cop on their tail, and, looking back, it's clear that Spielberg already held all the aces and knew how to deal them.
A tragi-comedy in which our modern beasts of burden ultimately exact revenge with horrific panache.
The Sugarland Express is not terribly original - Bonnie and Clyde, Badlands and The Getaway are indelibly marked in its DNA - but shows an already dazzling young filmmaker honing his skills and vision.
Steven Spielberg in Malickland, with dolly and zoom and a wagonload of familial issues
Modest but assured work.
Unfortunately, the film degenerates in final reels to heavy-handed social polemic and sound-and-fury shootout.
Reflecting the zeitgeist of mid-1970s America, this early Spieleberg picture is still one of his strongest, dealing with alienation, anarchy, and lack of control; Goldie Hawn gives an uncharacteristicaly forceful dramatic performance.
A beautifully put together, assured film.
One of the most purely fun and slyly political films Spielberg has ever made. One of Hawn's best performances.
[W]ould be mostly forgotten melodrama if it hadn't been directed by a kid named Steven Spielberg...
If the movie finally doesn't succeed, that's because Spielberg has paid too much attention to all those police cars (and all the crashes they get into), and not enough to the personalities of his characters.
There's no question that this is a director with a God-given talent.
Features real attention to the sort of character dynamics that would serve subsequent [Spielberg] titles.
a fine example of the fugitives-on-the-run genre, holding its own alongside Thelma and Louise, Bandits, The Defiant Ones, and to a lesser extent Badlands and Bonnie and Clyde
Masterful command of atmosphere and tone, great, understated performances.
Spielberg lets the story unfold at its own pace, invests the dialogue with pleasing zip, and demonstrates a level of visual ingenuity that becomes the film's great strength.
The movie has a casual craziness that seems especially native.
With this first theatrical feature, Steven Spielberg proved he had the right stuff to become America's purest and most accomplished film entertainer.
We can see a little of ourselves in Lou Jean and Clovis, and we wish them the best.
Unheralded Spielberg masterpiece.












@highlight

Its plot may ape the countercultural road movies of its era, but Steven Spielberg's feature debut displays many of the crowd-pleasing elements he'd refine in subsequent films.