Black Rock is much more complex than your average run-of-the-mill "run from danger, pretty lady" kind of movie.
A tight-fisted little piece of gender-centric survival horror.
Black Rock is a simplistic, predictable thriller that fails to become engaging thanks to idiotic characters and a by the numbers approach that has the audience two steps ahead of them.
This isn't quite the distaff Deliverance promised, but it's a credible indie thriller with characters worth caring about.
We've seen Duplass write scripts that break cinema conventions like this, but who knew that his actress wife Aselton would turn out to be an equally innovative director?
Aselton does demonstrate an assured touch in the early character-based scenes, but she lacks the same control when it comes to handling the action.
[An] earthy, woodsy throwback thriller ...
Katie Aselton's survival thriller sets its themes of time's passage, unresolved history and reluctant coming of age within a gripping island-set genre frame. It's like Lord Of The Flies for arrested adults.
First-time filmmaker Aselton creates one of the most assured thrillers in recent memory, throwing finely developed characters into a very nasty situation that makes us squirm in our seats.
Poorly acted and unintentionally funny this is definitely a bad day at black rock.
Slender, but committed: even Kate Bosworth, as the girls' team leader, forswears her usual lipgloss.
A formulaic dirge, further let down by a lack of the shocks, scares and interesting characterisations.
It's Aselton and Bell who really impress, their characters providing the glue of credibility that prevents the increasingly overwrought situation from coming apart.
Engaging, gripping and tightly constructed thriller with a sharp script, effective action sequences and strong performances from all three leads.
'Black Rock' is never dull, but it's hardly the attention-grabbing calling card its creator presumably intended.
On the whole Black Rock remains a short but sweet film, yet sadly, and despite the suspenseful atmosphere and enrapturement of certain scenes, is too forgettable a feature film.
The feminine approach is refreshing, but the novelty wears off quickly once a few of these actors decide to turn on the ham, making it difficult to buy much of what Black Rock is selling.
The ladies in Black Rock are supposed to be annoying. That's the only conclusion one can draw from their incessant whining, catfighting and drunk flirting.
While not exactly the most dangerous game, Black Rock is a decent, punctuated gender battle which flys by quick enough to keep viewers at attention for a predictable yet watchable thriller.
... a feminist reworking of 'Most Dangerous Game' and 'Deliverance,' with the friends soon stripped down and armed, like a tribe of Amazonian huntresses ... has the visceral appeal of early Kathryn Bigelow.
The writing tanks while the actors try to stay above water, but nobody leaves a trace on the radar.
Perhaps Aselton is unfamiliair enough with genre history to believe she is blazing a virgin trail through not just the picturesque forest of her island location but the gruesome thickets of her violent narrative.
This is a lean and mean variation on a familiar theme, tense throughout, with some terrific performances.
An exploitation thriller with feminist overtones - ala "I Spit on Your Grave," but nowhere nearly as gutsy - "Black Rock" disappoints on various levels.
Efficient thriller that's practically a feature-length evocation of Thomas Hobbes' notion of life in nature: "nasty, brutish and short."
The concept is there, but a movie like this needs a much more polished execution that "Black Rock" gets.
It seemed that Black Rock might take its very basic premise and use it as a platform to explore larger ideas. But even on its own terms as just a lean-and-mean genre exercise, this one's not all that interesting.
It feels amateurish, as though it was made up as they went along. The violence - because that's what most of the action consists of - feels phony.
Aselton, you sure have a purty mouth, but what are you trying to say?
This indie, female-centric riff on "Deliverance" is spare, smartly written and shot through with moments of twig-snapping tension.
It works because Aselton and Bell turn in wildly physical, primal performances. You do not want to mess with these women. "Black Rock" is ferocious stuff.
It's a very short experience but one that hits its beats with a sense of urgency and a feeling of helplessness.
The male characters here are too thinly developed for this to be a top-notch survival thriller, but Ms. Aselton knows how to get the pulse pounding.
Unexpectedly sturdy in some ways, shaky in others.
Nifty little genre gem with its share of surprises has three damsel campers in distress on an isolated island they didn't know they'd be sharing with three hunters back from overseas battle and with too much fight left in them.
Turns out Aselton doesn't have much to say other than that women will fight for their lives as tenaciously as men, which is not exactly news.
Maybe it's a parody?
The what-if scenario that incites the action of "Black Rock" is captivating but Aselton and co-writer/husband Mark Duplass don't build on that scenario enough to make the venture successful overall.
"Black Rock" is as dingy and dirty as the genre thrillers it appears to want to one-up. All it does, though, is bring everyone down.
irector Katie Aselton's film is actually pretty interesting, starting with the way Aselton handles the violence, and what she does and doesn't choose to emphasize.
Genre pieces can be straightforward but shouldn't confuse shallowness with efficiency.
It sets up this distaff-Deliverance scenario much better than it pays it off.
Black Rock isn't going to become the sort of classic that Deliverance was, but if you like your scares smart, and like them to happen to people you actually care about, then Aselton's island of friendship and fury is a nice place to visit.
Aselton's unassuming guilty pleasure gently diverges from a familiar scenario with impressively tense results.
Black Rock upends most American action films' nativist impulses, but it never settles into satirizing or transcending them.
A soundtrack of churning rock songs by the Kills is as close as this misfire gets to authentic grrrl power, borrowed as it is.
Considering the credits, we expected something better.
Layered conflicts mount as this lean film treks on, and they're not limited to gender politics.
despite the occasional mismatch between the human drama and more genre-bound concerns, for the most part Black Rock is a tense, atmospheric and engaging affair, with an existential edge.
Works perfectly fine as a traditional fight-for-survival chiller, but the underlying gender issues give this would-be midnight-movie offering an extra jolt.
Working from a ruthlessly efficient script by husband Mark Duplass, Aselton effortlessly sets up the women's reunion scenario before effectively flipping the action from drama to thriller.
Straining to be a distaff "Deliverance," indie thriller Black Rock is unable to shock, much less convince.
The shotgun wedding of mumblecore and bare-bones genre filmmaking is promising in theory, but lackluster and surprisingly generic in practice.
Black Rock is well-acted, and contains a couple of memorable scenes, but for the most part this is a blah buddy dramedy that transforms into a blah chase thriller.
Black Rock makes subtle changes that distinguish it as a marginally more thoughtful stalking killer movie, but horror fans will find its twists and turns too familiar to leave a lasting impression.

@highlight

It springs from smarter ideas than your average chase thriller, but ultimately, Black Rock falls back on disappointingly familiar ingredients.