Fans of 70s sexploitation films will feel as though they've stepped into a time warp as they observe the impressive production design.
Anna Biller's 1970s-styled sexploitation parody Viva may at times come too close to the real thing, but there's a welcome delight in the film's unapologetic and total submersion into cheap thrills.
You don't need to have seen the movies [Biller is] paying cheeky homage to in order to enjoy Viva. But afterward, you'll probably want to.
The movie wears out its welcome long before it meanders to a close at 121 minutes. But as a kinky costume party it's watchable, if only for the smutty sex scenes and Biller's bold pop-art decor.
Does Viva work if one doesn't get the joke? By and large, yes. It's still full of wonderful characters, there's the occasional quip reminiscent of Russ Meyer at his finest, and the sets are spectacular.
There is barely an out and-out gag - and certainly none that's funny - in the whole two hours of deliberately bad acting.
Viva lasts a staggering two hours (the audience does the staggering) and it doesn't merely end up an embarrassing bore, it gets there within a couple of minutes of the opening.
Reported parallels with the Marquis de Sade's Justine just don't wash. It's more like Russ Meyer, except the jugs on view aren't as big.
The plywood acting's pretty funny, as is the coy sex; what amazes is the beautifully lurid, near-fetishistic set design. At two hours, it's an in-joke over-indulged, and it's so camp the camera's practically winking, but minor cultdom beckons.
At an epic two hours the stilted dialogue and eye-scorchingly oversaturated film stock threaten to test the patience. But as a self-conscious exercise in kitsch graverobbing, 'Viva' succeeds.
Great retro design, but as comic satire this isn't so much soft-focus as out of focus.
It's the sort of attention to detail that would be admirable in a short film. But in a film that plays out at two hours it's unendurable. Paying ironic homage to bad cinema doesn't suddenly make it good.
Where her film lets itself down, though, is it's simply not funny; you assume that a certain kind of hipster audience may be tickled by all this, but the laughs will be as forced as those that bray out of the screen at all too regular intervals.
At two hours it's basically an extended sketch stretched to feature lengh and by the end the vibrancy of the never-seen-in-nature colours are reaching migraine-inducing proportions.
For all its garish aesthetics, sly feminism and wall-to-wall nudity, writer/director Anne Biller's camp-com is almost too much of a good thing, outstaying its welcome at a paint-drying two hours.
Bums and bosoms are in abundance, although there's not enough plot to go around, meaning you'll feel every minute of that two-hour running time.
The film is the cinematic equivalent of greeting cards which poke fun at beehive-haired wives getting slippers for their pipe-smoking husbands, with a rude word inserted in a speech bubble. Not funny.
The acting is as subtly, drolly bad as it needs to be. The hairpieces and cheesy background muzak compete for the honour of perfect finishing touch. At two hours Viva is a mite too long. But summer is here: give genius its leash.
This is an arch, knowing exercise in cinematic parody where every line of dialogue seems to come with inverted commas. Stretched over two hours it becomes unbearable.
Anna Biller's pastiche of '70s sexploitation flicks finds its G-spot somewhere in the space between past misogyny and present feminism. It's a transgressive joy - if somewhat overlong.
Enjoyably trashy pastiche of 1970s sexploitation movies - the colourful production design, terrible acting and cheesy dialogue are all impeccable, but it's at least 30 minutes too long and isn't as funny as it should have been.
Viva is, without a doubt, the work of an artist, as Anna Biller has crafted a painstakingly brilliant replica of a '70s sexploitation film, with all the pros and cons in place.
Trimming a quarter of the running time would have better enabled the vibrant vita of Biller's vision to amuse audiences.
You can't create camp on purpose.
The movie isn't comfortable or wholly successful.
If you love the '70s, and especially if you're a fan of sexploitation comedies like The Happy Hooker or today's me-generation throwbacks like CBS's Swingtown, then you absolutely cannot miss seeing Viva.
Beneath all the hippies and hair, makeup and music lies a film bubbling with ridiculous humor and serious heart.
With its copious nudity and zipless hedonism, Viva, though unduly long, is a crafty reminder of a time when the X rating was flaunted, not feared.
Whether you're mildly prurient, a touch prudish or just, you know, curious, this is an intriguing trip, from its opening credits in a font last used for The Mary Tyler Moore Show, through its on-screen costume changes to its final Hammond organ chords.
It takes skill -- a certain sly, even perverse nimbleness of craft -- to make an homage to schlock movies that treats them as works of art. Viva, written and directed by its star, Anna Biller, could just about be the third featurette in Grindhouse.
It's the perfect date movie for couples so bound up in their own cynicism that they're able to classify the vocal style and range of their orgasms into eras before they were born.
For a tongue-in-cheek and slyly insightful look at the conflict between innocence and desire, curiosity and taboo, bad taste and kitsch genius, I'd recommend Anna Biller's Viva.
The movie pops with parodic joy--in the hoary double-entendres and presentational acting styles--and hotly lighted 35-millimeter cinematography that evokes lounge music album covers and Playboy ads.
There are so many sharp ideas here -- nothing that couldn't be improved chemically -- the movie almost makes you feel nostalgic for sex like it never was. And never will be again.
Viva the film is as sly and knowing as Viva the character is endearingly oblivious.
This film is such an outrageously colourful homage to 1970s sexploitation cinema that it's impossible not to enjoy, even with the over-the-top performances and rambling narrative.
Anna Biller set out to make a bad movie and succeeded.
The campy early '70s is the goofy gift that keeps on giving in Viva, a mock soft-core sexploitation film that gets a lot right but forgets that less is often more, especially in plaid.
A startlingly pitch-perfect reproduction of the kind of gauzy sex movies from the 1960s and early 1970s that preceded the hard-core revolution.
Completely devoid of cinematic wit, sensuality or even simple technique.
The nastiest transgression committed by this anything-goes romp is its length.
Biller's film is to the films of Radley Metzger and Russ Meyer what Todd Haynes's Far From Heaven was to Douglas Sirk, only perhaps a little bit cannier and a lot less dryly academic about its postmodern tweaks.
Anna Biller's debut feature Viva consciously combines elements of all of the above, offering a painstaking recreation of the look and feel of campy retro sexploitation.
Anna Biller's pseudofeminist send-up of the sexploitation movies of the late '60s and early '70s remains as limp as the flaccid dongs at her film's nudist sing-along.
What's best about the production is how it faithfully conforms to the sensibilities of the Sixties' skin flick genre, except perhaps for adding an anachronistic dash of refreshing female empowerment to the mix.
For fans of the work of Charles Busch and other like-minded spoofs only.
Faithful to those cult-adored obscurities in nearly every detail, including their soporific pace. Here, however, sly in-jokes come often enough to make said pacing funny in itself.
Its triumph is that of style -- gloriously and revoltingly tacky style -- over substance.

@highlight

Though it's lengthy and doesn't always walk the line between schlock and kitschy homage successfully, Viva 's lovely visuals and knowing humor are undeniable.