There's heartwarming cooperation and redemption, but also vicious backstabbing, and it makes for the best murder-house dynamic in the franchise.
Everything Saw V shoots at us is something we've seen before, but to a lesser extent.
The best thing about this-and any-Saw film is the sick production design. Whoever's responsible for creating these disgustingly grungy chambers of death deserves an Oscar for scuzziness.
See you next year, I guess. Sigh.
Será que os fãs da série não percebem que o conceito dos flashbacks e de mexer com a cronologia dos capítulos anteriores é uma forma encontrada pelos produtores para que possam refazer o original de novo e de novo e de novo?
A disappointing film that breaks all of the series' own rules.
Saw V? You'll wish you hadn't.
This is definitely the worst film of the series, and probably the worst horror film I've seen all year.
An insult to fourth-rate ripoffs of Se7en, and even that may not be harsh enough.
Being the fifth annual go-round for this durable splatter franchise, this film has really no power to change any minds.
...hardcore fans of Jigsaw's exploits will probably find something here worth embracing.
A cut above its pretentious predecessors; the graphic set-pieces -- including an opening inspired by Poe's 'The Pit and the Pendulum' -- deliver the gory goods.
Square in the middle of the series, quality-wise: though the new film has some unabashedly dumb moments, its plot lacks the pathetic contortions that we saw in Saw IV
Saw V or High School Musical 3? Make your choice. All of a sudden, picking between self-mutilation and disembowelment doesn't sound so frightening, does it?
Saw V may still have the power to make audiences squirm, but only for the most obvious reasons.
Nails? Where else but in a Saw movie can a puzzle-minded sadist cobble together elaborate torture contraptions from the same Home Depot that provides his replacement windows and his garage storage solution?
Saw V is a terrible combination: grisly and tedious. Let's just call it bloody dull.
The ad campaign for Saw V assures the viewer, 'You won't believe how it ends.' This is true, because you won't believe it could possibly be this lame.
Yes, it's more of the same. But if you've been 'Saw'-ing away for the last four years, why not take in 'Saw V?'
The death of nearly every character in the franchise isn't enough to prevent the makers from grinding out another edition of Saw. Could they just finish the job?
The law of diminishing returns is in full effect here.
The Saw movies have a convoluted storyline for the same reason Playboy has articles. It gives the consumer an easy excuse.
The Saw franchise cut its teeth with macabre MacGyver gimmicks and buckets of bloodshed. Acting was never a consideration. And when you're racking in millions upon millions with next to no budget, why start vying for Oscars now?
Beyond entertaining fans with variations on the life-or-death challenges that seemed so startlingly fresh a mere four years ago, Saw V's primary purpose seems to be setting up a new series of films featuring Hoffman as the evil puppet-master. Wheth
Even the most die-hard of Saw fans won't credit how tedious, lame and pointless this fourth sequel manages to be.
The Saw series isn't nearly as interesting without Jigsaw, but it's getting harder and harder to find ways to include him in increasingly-desperate sequels.
Saw V isn't anywhere close to the best Saw movie, but it makes the entire series coalesce a little bit better.
Dullest film in series is still brutal and bloody.
Woefully ponderous, convoluted and improbable.
What will they do next? Probably rip more people off. It's worked for them so far.
Oh, Jigsaw. Here we go again. You kill. I doze off. Someone at the studio goes 'ka-ching!'
I predict in Saw VI that Jigsaw will be punishing people for tilting pinball machines, loving their children too much, and driving in the carpool lane unaccompanied.
The latest and least of the Saw films is just plain boring and even a little tame -- albeit by the standards of a genre that helped bring the phrase "torture porn" into the lexicon.
It ain't scary, folks.
Now I can officially say that the SAW franchise has run out of gas. Everything and everyone is just going through the motions here.
... the Saw franchise continues to provide at least one decent horror film to look forward to at Halloween.
The Saw franchise has become a weekend-before-Halloween tradition; ironically, though, it has ceased to be a horror series.
Jigsaw has seen better days. That's saying a lot, considering he was last spotted on a mortuary slab, his rotting flesh a sickly shade of gray as a medical examiner nonchalantly sliced open his stomach.
Everything after its gory "pit-and-the-pendulum" opening scare sequence is downhill in the fifth and potentially last installment in a horror franchise that has run completely out of steam.
Deadly traps may remain the bread and butter of the Saw series, but the real trick has become keeping these fetid sequels moderately fresh.
Unfortunately, both Mandylor and Scott Patterson, who returns as fellow Saw IV survivor Agent Strahm, are uninteresting stiffs
The periodic traps set for five new victims, all linked by a rotten real-estate deal, are neither as terrifying nor as yucky as in the earlier films. The only real horror in these scenes, in fact, is the jaw-droppingly bad acting on display.
The creatives behind the franchise clearly have taken pride in their stylistic consistency throughout the series, but here they even fail to deliver enough of the cleverly gruesome Rube Goldberg torture devices that are its raison d'etre.
Saw V is dead on the table.
The driving force is inertia and commercial calculation, not inspiration.
Thank goodness Lionsgate made another Saw film! Otherwise, how would we as a country get to feel good about ourselves while watching humans suffer through prolonged torture, degradation and death?
It's not a good sign when watching someone stick their hand into a table saw is easier than listening to them recite dialogue.
If you liked the previous four movies, there's little reason why you won't find at least a few things to enjoy in this one, but it's definitely getting to the point where it's dubious whether they can keep it going much longer...
Like High School Musical 3, which is opening against this film, Saw V is made for the fans.
... heads roll and nail bomb shrapnel turns a headstrong 'survivor' into a pile of pink human brisket with pants. Does this sound like entertainment to you?
There's really nothing new here, and what's old is not good.
Saw V boasts little of the cleverness and ingenuity that has made Saw a surprisingly consistent slasher series.
The weakest installment so far.
The torture devices, once so fiendishly adapted to each offender, have become generic excuses to spatter gore. The script is insultingly lazy, and inept direction from newcomer David Hackl hardly helps.
Saw V utterly mimics the original film's formula -- that awful basement, those cops chasing clues in what we assume to be the same time-frame, those awful devices of death.
There are only so many alternate flashbacks and massive explanations that a horror freak can take ... but I think the series is still amusing enough to warrant 90 minutes a year.
Saw V is a bloody bore from beginning to end and the only scenes in the movie that come close to being scary are the ones that seem to have been inserted solely to set up a possible Saw VI.
Surprisingly, the FIFTH installment of the series has a nice flow to it and is still able to dish out newly designed horrific torture scenes.
Jigsaw was put out of his misery two movies ago. Lionsgate might want to consider doing this misbegotten series the same favor.
As rote and mechanical as one of Jigsaw's traps, though at least Jigsaw's traps are suspenseful and ingenious. The movie is neither of those things.
This is unmistakably one of the worst horror films of the year. It's the last dying gasp of a series that was already past its expiration date.
It doesn't just insult your intelligence; It assumes you have none.
More careful viewers might be starting to question the validity of this ongoing story: a five-film-too-long journey that has never felt more arbitrarily plotted than in the final 10 minutes of Saw V.
Saw V attempts to make the audience feel smart for sticking along for so long, only when it's all said and done you'll feel like a fool for sitting through this disappointment.
This time, the movie theater is a trap.
The first three Saws were at least plausible within the grotesque terms of the premise. The fourth was ridiculous and this, the fifth, is laughable.
It's questionable who suffers more in this torture porn sequel - the victims or the audience. But glib lines aside, there is no point in continuing the franchise unless the filmmakers can up the ante in the gruesome/anguish/torture stakes









@highlight

If its plot were as interesting as its torture devices, or its violence less painful than its performances, perhaps Saw V might not feel like it was running on fumes.