Depressingly, these magpie parodies are so cheap to produce they can't fail to make money -- which probably means this interminable franchise is far from over.
The pomposity of big-budget B-movies can certainly be taken down a notch, but Friedberg and Seltzer rely too much on trailer moments for their broad comedy.
Disaster Movie is the latest and most slap-dash of the movie parodies to atrophy out of the Scary Movie franchise.
There's no nice way to say this, so I'll just say it: Writer/directors Friedberg and Seltzer are a scourge. They're a plague on our cinematic landscape, a national shame, a danger to our culture.
This might have been edited down to 20 minutes of entertaining film. Maybe one day the team involved will start employing editors and produce something we can all look forward to.
It's juvenile and crude, and it ranks right up there as one of the worst films of the year.
Disaster Movie is one doo-doo that can't be undid, homeskillet.
[A] budget-less pastiche of sub-Mad-magazine parodies culled from the trailers of almost every summer movie.
Rarely has a movie had a more appropriate title.
A poorly staged, entirely laugh-free big screen exercise that, despite its name, is not really a genre spoof at all, but rather merely an excuse to (attempt to) poke fun at Hollywood movies from this calendar year.
It's a merry, reckless mess, like a blender that gets revved up too high and spews everything out all over the countertops.
Indeed a disaster first, and a movie barely.
The "jokes" are limp and pathetic or stillborn, timing is ignored, performances are a not-so-giddy mug-fest. Audiences are left wondering when the freshman cast is going to learn the rudiments of performing.
A dumb, dumb film, to be sure, but also undeniably funny in more spots than a right-thinking, mature adult person feels comfortable admitting.
Honestly, if the makers of this ever got serious about making web-based comedy, I reckon that they would absolutely rock it.
Since they have so little material to work with in the first place, Friedberg and Seltzer flog each joke well beyond its limits.
A woman a few rows in front of me at the preview chose to write 20 minutes worth of text messages, rather than watch the movie. Even though she was not paying, the price was clearly too high.
If Judd Apatow is the Jesus of modern comedy, Seltzer and Friedberg are the Anti-Christ - and sadly just as prolific
Can't somebody make Friedberg and Seltzer stop?
Pointlessly rancid and redundant...Hopefully, Disaster Movie will indeed vanish as quickly as a three-second burp at a chili-eating contest.
leaves one with a feeling of failure -- and the knowledge that, come this spring, these idiots will more than likely be back
I want to say thanks again and thanks for proving that dumb movies pretending to be comedy will not stand any longer...
It's hard to put into words just how excruciatingly painful it is to watch Disaster Movie, but let's just say it will make you appreciate those dreadful experiences in your life like, say, going to the dentist or waiting in line at the DMV.
Disaster Movie is not, as you might have guessed, a parody of disaster movies. But it is a disaster.
Irrelevant, never-funny references to everything from Juno to American Gladiators
Disaster Movie is lazily written, insulting rubbish and it's unquestionably one of the worst films of the year. Avoid like your life depended on it.
My beef is honestly not that it's stupid - though this makes Meet The Spartans look like it was crafted by Oscar Wilde - but that it didn't make me even grin. Not once.
I wish to God they would find something else to do.
Of Disaster Movie it is difficult to speak, or even think, articulately, a handicap that seems to have afflicted the film's makers.
Personally, The Sneak would like to place Friedberg and Seltzer on a blazing upside-down boat which is about to be hit by a meteorite.
Not a comedy, more a medical affliction, Disaster Movie's symptoms include apathy, regret and eventual despair.
It's not even value for money if you're a moron.
Why, oh why, is the spoof franchise that began with Scary Movie still churning 'em out?
Like Hepatitis B, this is one of those movies you just hope will go away.
Surely even bovine American teenagers have to realise their intelligence is being insulted sooner or later.
The Zucker/Abrahams movies were genuinely funny, at least some of the time. But this?
It could be the first great mainstream art experiment. Or, perhaps, since the opening word of dialogue is "Shit!", the jokes are mostly about it, and the characters are regularly covered in it, it is more likely that the movie itself is just, well . . .
Anti-comedy. Anti-cinema. Anti-life.
The result is a series of extraneous, deplorably unfunny scenes and sketches stitched together in completely haphazard fashion.
Puerile beyond belief and a possible hazard to brain cells, the only thing this offensive dross gets right is the title.
I checked, The Opposite of Funny Movie and Awful Film were available for titles, but Disaster Movie works absolutely perfect.
By the time the disco-dancing, man-eating chipmunks turned up, my mind had turned to the weekend.
It's not the worst of the franchise, but it's dangerously close.
Insert "of a" between the two title words and you have my opinion of this film
Every time one of these Friedberg-Seltzer movies is released the sum total of human knowledge is reduced.
Rushed into production with no better drape for its threadbare gags than Cloverfield, this carpet-fouling mongrel of a movie no more deserves release than do anthrax spores.
Disaster Movie, the latest disposable parody of disposable Hollywood movies, has a shelf life of about five minutes, tops.
Why would you watch a bad movie about better movies, when you could just rent the originals instead?
Perhaps they'll eventually make one called Spoof Movie, which would brilliantly parody the genre by being consistently funny.
None of it is amusing, so there's probably enough suicide-inducing material here to make a send-up of The Happening redundant.
No one spoofed in the film -- yes, including Jessica Simpson -- is more worthy of derision than the people responsible for making it.
Since many of the targets (Cloverfield, Hancock, Kung Fu Panda) already have a cheeky self-consciousness, the comedy rarely seems more than a hasty patchwork of cheap-shot allusions.
No! No! No! No! No! No! No! No! No! Wrong!!!
Crude, dumb spoof isn't worth your time or money.
Cobbled together with plotlines, characters, catchphrases and other assorted gimmicks still lodged in the short-term memory cavities of our pop cultural consciousness.
Consider the word 'putrid.' If I had an online personal dictionary, the films of Jason Friedberg and Aaron Seltzer would link to my definition of that word.
Having to watch and review 'Disaster Movie' must be payback for the juvenile pranks I took part in as a teenager.
Embarrassment. It's a feeling you should get used to, Freidberg and Seltzer. May you never befoul another cinema with your grotesque comic abortions.
It's quite frankly stultifying that Friedberg are Seltzer are ever let anywhere near a studio boardroom after having defecated out their previous movies, much less this one.
Yet another entry in the Jason Friedberg-Aaron Seltzer series of movie spoofs, this scattershot collection lame gags is the definition of disposable entertainment.
No one expects sophisticated wit from this type of movie, but would it be too much to ask for more than a chuckle every 10 minutes?
Seldom has a pic been more appropriately titled than Disaster Movie, yet another frantically unfunny free-form farce from the unfortunately prolific writing-directing team of Jason Friedberg and Aaron Seltzer.
I half expected to see the spoof-making team in direct address, explaining the supremacy of the tentpole uber-alice, perhaps while backed by Emperor Palpatine.
Movie metaphor junkies be on high alert, for a horny Dr. Phil, Michael Jackson hiding out in a car trunk with a little boy and a pet chimp for good measure, and a bad imitation Juno blasting lactating breast milk as a deadly weapon.
It's sad when a movie is so bad, it becomes the subject of late-night debates on whether it's better or worse than Uwe Boll's Postal.
As depressing and empty a cinematic experience as any other picture this year or last (or maybe the whole decade). To label it as simply unfunny or vacuous or ugly or boring would be a compliment.
So ugly, unpleasant and devoid of laughs that the notion of releasing a film with such a title on the third anniversary of Hurricane Katrina is actually one of the least offensive things about it.
Like the bastard child of Best Week Ever and the mud that runs off of football players' cleats after a rainy game, this isn't a movie you see. It's one you survive.
It's too easy to say Disaster Movie deserves its title, but why put more effort into trashing it than the filmmakers did into writing it?
Here's what they got right: The name of the movie. Disaster, indeed.
Come on, pedophilia is funny and a Michael Jackson joke is never not timely, right? Wrong. It's not timely or funny.
I'm not sure if Disaster is the worst movie the boys have churned out, but, at this point, that's like asking if a bullet hurts more than a knife.

@highlight

Returning to their seemingly bottomless well of flatulence humor, racial stereotypes, and stale pop culture gags, Jason Friedberg and Aaron Seltzer have produced what is arguably their worst Movie yet.