A raw, urgent yet contemplative tone infuses every moment and, courtesy of cinematographer Adam Arkapaw, Shortland uses the country's foggy, murky landscape to stunning effect.
The portrait that emerges proves, above all else, one of resilience and adaptability.
Lore's textures and colors evoke equal parts wonder and horror.
Remarkable. Raw, disorienting and it never bothers to tell you what it can instead show.
Cate Shortland infuses a fresh perspective and a haunting moral quandary to the WWII genre, bringing a little seen part of human history to chilling life.
Rosendahl puts the onslaught of horror and absurdity in poignant perspective with her limpid depiction of her character's growing resourcefulness and awareness.
Lore, from Australian director Cate Shortland, proceeds like a long-ago fairy tale, dark-hued, grounded in real-life 20th-century horrors.
Lore is a akin to a bourgeois German version of Elem Klimov's 1985 Belarus-set Come and See, and it has some outstanding features. The star turn is the lurking cinematography of Adam Arkapaw.
The deep-feeling Rosendahl makes a major impression as an intelligent girl learning the power of her sexuality and resolve under maximum stress.
Shortland may not leave us with certainty, but in the context of so bloody a conflict fueled by intransigence and misguided idealism, the hope and the beauty of Lore is only strengthened by its embrace of youthful uncertainty.
The Australian director Cate Shortland has made a quite stunning film about the collapse of Nazi Germany, seen not from a Berlin bunker but through the eyes of a 14-year-old girl.
The dream of every director tasked with bringing such a difficult story to life is to have a star who can carry the drama, and in her feature debut, Rosendahl is a revelation.
The bleak backdrop is rendered with great beauty-so much so that perhaps the sensory poetics of the visuals linger beyond their darker implications.
It's this mature take on the subject matter that makes Lore the finest Australian film of the year.
We see no fighting and no high-level participants -- just ordinary people before a backdrop of natural beauty and manmade horror.
The young principals here, Malina and especially Rosendahl, are superb at conveying that premature hardening, their elastic minds pummelled by inelastic forces.
The sins of the Fatherland send a German teenage girl and her Nazi-connected family on the run in Australian director Cate Shortland's vividly rendered and sensual drama Lore.
With an eye for images that are both lush and foreboding, Cate Shortland dives confidently into a moral minefield and doesn't care about defusing the situation.
One could have made a much more didactic film with the same story - German girl learns Jews aren't so bad after all! - but Shortland is after something much more elliptical here.
Brings a distinctive perspective to familiar themes...
Saskia Rosendahl succeeds in a demanding role set amidst a bleak post-war landscape.
As hard as it is to watch at times, it's even harder to stop watching Shortland's compelling, well-woven tale of a girl on a dual journey.
With its leisurely pace and lengthy run time, Lore will make those expecting a quick and easy indictment of the entire postwar world unhappy.
Think "Little Red Riding Hood" meets The Road.
Unflinching but thoroughly engrossing, the film provides a rarely depicted look at the Holocaust's other innocent victims. Beautiful cinematography by Adam Arkapaw.
Proves that there is always room for another [World War II] story if it can be presented in an original and unexpected fashion.
Texture and detail embellish a provocative story
Child of Nazi parents faces an uncertain future
[Director Cate] Shortland directs with an almost hypnotic focus, favoring Lore's immediate experience over the big picture.
Rosendahl's performance is raw and compelling, as Lore fights for her siblings' survival and grows up in a hurry.
Lore and her siblings make a harrowing journey across Germany
Worthwhile, but so subtle that it's frustrating.
The Australian-German co-production takes an unconventional tale and turns it into a challenging, visually stunning and emotionally turbulent film experience.
Over the river and through the woods, to Grandmother's house we go. Except this ain't no fairy tale... unless it is, perhaps, a hint of the beginnings of a new mythology of ... scary childhood and even scarier adolescence...
It's a harrowing walk through the heart of darkness.
With a child's perspective on war, "Lore" deserves comparisons with "Empire of the Sun" and "Hope and Glory," and with a feisty female protagonist it stands virtually alone.
Rosendahl...provides both narrative and emotional continuity to a film whose deliberate pace and fragmented presentation of reality might otherwise prove exasperating.
A burning portrait of consciousness and endurance, gracefully acted and strikingly realized, producing an honest sense of emotional disruption, while concluding on a powerful note of cultural and familial rejection.
Although there are moments that push the story a bit beyond credulity, Shortland has created something remarkable by forcing us to find within ourselves sympathy for this would-be Aryan princess.
Saskia Rosendahl gives an impressively poised performance as the beautiful teenager, whose determination to protect her remaining family coincides with her growing revulsion toward her parents.
"Lore" is not a pretty story, but it is a good and sadly believable one.
"Lore" is not a love story, nor the story of a friendship. Rather, it's a story of healing and of how breaking, sometimes painfully, is often necessary before that process can begin.
Stunning, admirable and indelible - truthfully chronicling the triumph of the human spirit - in a class with Michael Haneke's 'The White Ribbon.'
A fiercely poetic portrait of a young woman staggering beyond innocence and denial, it's about the wars that rage within after the wars outside are lost.
Can we spare some sympathy or hope for the children of villains, even if they too show signs of their parents' evil? Lore provides no easy answers.
The portrait is miniature and yet indelible, a ghostly reminder of the 20th century.
Shortland is a master of tone here, beginning with a nightmarish, chaotic flight which grows darker during the journey and, perhaps darkest of all, at its final destination.
Remarkable for its unusual perspective...but never manages to connect emotionally as deeply as it might have.
Full of surprises, the movie draws a thin line between pity and revulsion - how would you feel if you had discovered your whole life had been based on lies?
One of the most powerful war stories to appear on screen. A story of the universal defeat of war and the enduring survival of the human spirit.
Shortland composes her shots with great elegance. Adam Arkapaw's damp, saturated photography is gorgeous. Götterdämmerung has rarely been so quietly compelling.
[A] complex portrait of a young girl with repellent beliefs gradually coming of age and to an understanding of what it means to be human in the face of some heinous experiences.
It isn't exactly a profound film, but Saskia Rosendahl's performance has considerable depth, and she interacts admirably with her siblings.
An unusual, constantly surprising post-WWII odyssey, this film may feel a bit thin and episodic, but it tells an evocative story with darkly moving emotion.
Shortland does an impressive job of evoking the rotten heart of a country turning in on itself.
The film is ultimately about a spectacular fall from innocence that feels both highly personal and universal.
As with all the best fairytales, there is a blackness and brutality at its centre.
Not even safety and sanctuary quite wipe clean the trauma slate. New autocracies lie in wait, ready to replace the old.
Shortland and her ferocious lead actress, Saskia Rosendahl, burrow so deeply into the thoughts of the stubborn, infuriating protagonist that you leave the movie unable to stop wondering what the rest of her life will be like.
A tough yet rewarding viewing experience!
Certainly sounds good on paper, but a little shallow and overstated in reality.
While prone to arty lingering, thus wasting time that would have been more wisely spent plugging gaps in the narrative, Shortland slathers the story in enough mud and horror to make it a compellingly visceral experience.
A provocative and emotionally complex drama with a terrific central performance from newcomer Saskia Rosendahl.
It's a close, intimate film - sometimes so close you can feel the breath of its characters in your face.
Shortland creates a palpable sense of atmosphere, and coupled with fluid camerawork and a verdant forest backdrop, Lore looks and feels a world apart from other World War II-set dramas.
This oblique and understated tale of lost innocence conveys both an individual's experiences and a powerful sense of a ruined nation.
Shortland's measured pacing and hypnotic visuals make this a mesmerising journey through a defeated landscape.
The result is a stimulating portrayal of an under-examined aspect of Nazism's terrible legacy.
We know where this is going pretty early on, but that doesn't prevent "Lore" from being riveting stuff, start to finish.
This striking, slow-building drama ... uses fractured, impressionistic imagery as a mirror of moral dislocation as the children make their way through an unfamiliar landscape.
Enough cannot be said about its leading lady, a truly captivating actress at a very young age who should be an international star.
It's a remarkable accomplishment.
In the chaos of 3rd Reich's end. . .contemporizes the look and feel of overwhelmed, exhausted teens sifting through continuing lies and denials of the truths by everyone.
A strikingly accomplished film about worthless people.
Saskia Rosendahl is a highly expressive actress within the limited confines of her character, and the film is studded with memorable scenes.
Saskia Rosendahl, who plays Lore, is marvelous to watch.
"Lore" is the sort of movie you'd already expect to rip your heart out, but that doesn't diminish the tragedy when it does arrive.
A dark coming-of-age journey about a girl who may or may not be able to summon the character to survive in a way she can live with afterward.
If "Lore" is an upsetting and uncomfortable film set in a morally bleak landscape, it also offers a guardedly optimistic vision of the possibility of human change.
Saskia Rosendahl as Lore is the sturdiest in a good cast, making her way cautiously into a new, utterly changed universe.
The film sustains an air of overarching mystery in which the viewer, like the title character, is in the position of a sheltered child plunked into an alien environment and required to fend for herself without a map or compass.
A disconcerting and eerie film, made even more memorable since it's seen through the prism of childhood's end.
The pace is deliberate, verging on slow-Australian filmmakers aren't keen on short takes or quick cuts-but the content is constantly surprising.
Shortland's camera creates a world that's shockingly fractured, shot at weird angles and pocked with truncated body parts, heads hanging upside down and undefined realities filled with quiet dread.
For both audiences who admire it and the protagonist who lives it, the intense, emotional "Lore" is a picture from life's other side.
Brilliant, harrowing period drama about a German teen and her younger siblings struggling to survive after their parents are arrested by the Allies.
Unfortunately, Saskia Rosendahl plays the title character as an emotionless blank slate, while her siblings come off as brats, making it difficult to feel compassion for her physical and emotional struggles.
Shot with a detail-oriented expressiveness that occasionally edges into overly precious imagery, Lore excels mostly as a survival film, as Rosendahl barters jewelry and trinkets for whatever food and favors she can collect along the way.
Copious amounts of landscape and wilderness shots cover up its schematic plot, as its indirect visual allusions take precedence over thematic development.
Lore is a remarkable film that explores characters, often unlikable, in situations of unbearable stress.
Shortland draws fine work from her actors, particularly the haunting Rosendahl ...
What starts as a flipped survival tale turns into historical tragisploitation that wallows in its slog of endless suffering.
A rare, wonderful film that works not just as surface entertainment.
At once literal and yet nimbly metaphoric, "Lore" condenses its extensive subject into a cinematic poem that is easily apprehended.
A riveting tale of survival about the adolescent daughter of two Nazis in post-World War II Germany.
Though snail-paced, this post-World War II look at a teen girl's effort to change her attitude toward Jews and National Socialism is worthwhile largely because of the beautifully acted role of the title figure.
A reminder that not every young victim of Hitler's struggle was an enemy of the state.
The ground of WW2 has been so firmly-trodden that this quietly involving take from another perspective feels like a welcome punch in the gut.
A thoughtful study of the politics of war and the devastating fallout it causes regardless of the winners and losers. Exquisite visuals combined with a brutal story about survival, family and patriotism.
Lugubrious, snail-paced, dramatically inert wartime drama.
A languid, poetic but emotionally powerful work, which reaffirms Cate Shortland's talent behind the camera and announces a promising new talent in its lead actress.
This is an intense and thoughtful film, with a long arc.
It may have taken eight years, but Cate Shortland has tied the most personal of themes to a historic perspective and each manages to deepen and inform the other.
The artist makes the choices that she makes and that's her prerogative and it's my prerogative to be alienated by those choices.
Few films recently have affected me as powerfully as Lore. It's an outstanding achievement from one of our most talented filmmakers.
Like Lore herself-fierce, defiantly unsocialised-it is a rebuke to notions of middle-class propriety, as well as a formidable work in its own right, by one of the best and most distinctive filmmakers this country has ever produced.
Lore is an impressionist survival film and an existential war film, and also something truly singular and remarkable.
An unforgettable journey into the heart of Germany's dark past.
Shortland's film is nuanced, careful to avoid the potential traps of cliché or caricature, and to speak in images as much as possible
An intimate study in the loss of innocence. Just as Somersault launched Abbie Cornish's career, Lore will no doubt do the same for lovely German newcomer Saskia Rosendahl, whose sensitive and poignant performance captures every complexity
Offers a fresh, intimate and mostly successful perspective on Germany's traumatic transition from conqueror nation to occupied state.
The history books are written by the winners. Cate Shortland considers what happens to the rest in her devastating World War 2 flick Lore (the long-anticipated follow-up to the AFI-scooping Somersault).


@highlight

Newcomer Saskia Rosendahl gives an astonishingly assured performance in the title role, and director Cate Shortland establishes a delicate, disturbingly ominous tone in the powerful World War II drama Lore .