This saccharine hagiography desires to establish Nelson Mandela's controversial ex-wife as great. It succeeds, somewhat, but boringly, which leaves the truth not served well.
The end credits song's beautifully delivered, full-throttle emotional bombast only serves as a dismaying reminder of how much the film otherwise lacks any similar passion and soul.
The audacity and determination of its subject doesn't find its way into this shallow and superficial biopic.
This biopic is part hagiography, part expose, and gravely incoherent.
In the end, hers is a journey as complicated and fascinating as that of South Africa itself.
Though Winnie Mandela is a more-than-serviceable classroom recounting of events, it fails to reach much higher than that, and deals with identity issues when deciding whether to challenge your views or simply glorify real-life events.
Sometimes it can be strangely said that it's a miracle when a certain film even exists, warts and all. So let's cut to the chase, and what really matters in this immensely important movie. Not the least which is, 'Strike a woman, and you strike a rock.'
A warts-and-all biopic which focuses on its subject's childhood, college days and marriage while making short shrift of her transition into a war criminal.
The film's tonal inconsistencies speak less to the struggles of its titular subject than to its own grasp-exceeding ambitions.
It would have benefited the film if Roodt had been as bold with the mechanics of his storytelling as he is with his inclusion of the title character's less savory moments. But its strengths, particularly the two lead performances, far outweigh its flaws.
Biopic is well acted but uneven and violent.
Affecting biographical drama about the controversial anti-apartheid crusader, wife of fellow South African racial-equality advocate Nelson Mandela.
'Winnie' is no masterpiece, but not nearly as bad as the early reviews.
"Winnie Mandela'' really stumbles when it comes to depicting the couple's painful separation, which the film suggests resulted more from politics than Winnie's infidelity.
Despite the marquee names and their obvious talent, the film feels like a made-for-TV movie.
Distant and obvious, it takes a story with many angles and reduces its edges, becoming a glorified TV movie.
Winnie Mandela is a simplistic look at a complex figure.
Ms. Hudson's frequent and distracting costume changes are a sign of deeper problems in a movie that wants to be all things to all people, especially women.
From the swelling melody on the soundtrack that opens the film to the Wind Beneath My Wings-like ballad that closes it, Winnie Mandela ... feels less like history come alive than Hollywood hagiography at its most blandly sentimental.
ultimately too earnest for its own good
Like many a biopic before it, "Winnie Mandela" shoehorns an exceptional life into the standard template of a highlights reel, lurching from one Important Moment to the next.
TV-style biopic reduces South Africa's struggle to the status of an impediment in the blooming romance between Nelson Mandela and his wife Winnie.
Disappointingly linear and superficial.
Director Darrell Roodt's by-the-numbers biopic suffers from clunky dialogue and shallow characterization, all while never deciding what to make of its leading lady.
Obscured truth disrespects history, and a biopic without strong writing and acting isn't much of anything.
Winnie Mandela is maybe the closest a movie has come to a series of commemorative plates.
By the film's end, Winnie has become so stifled by her own fallen stature that she sits frozen; unfortunately, so does this somewhat confusing movie.
What starts as a standard worshipful biopic of Winnie Mandela (Jennifer Hudson) suddenly shifts gears after her release from a year-plus jail stint.
A story that probably could have been told better as a miniseries, the film's main strength is its performances.
Winnie begins as hagiography and ends in hellish confusion.
Over decades, the Mandelas have been among the world's most examined couples. Few examinations could have been as superficial as this.
It won't satisfy history students curious about this polarizing figure, nor fans of its star, Oscar winner Jennifer Hudson.
The source material is Anne Marie du Preez Bezdrob's biography, and the period detail is spot on. Yet Winnie: the movie opts to wear its heart openly on its sleeve, and play it absurdly safe.
This one-dimensional biopic reduces important 20th century political figures to cardboard cutouts.


@highlight

Winnie Mandela takes few chances and delves only superficially into its subject's life, making it feel more like a too-earnest made-for-TV movie than a proper biopic.