First time feature writer/director Talya Lavie impressively creates a witty and tangible dramedy about working women hampered by their own stagnation.
Talya Lavie's 2014 black comedy, about a woman's place in the Israeli Army, plays like a cross between "Reform School Girls" and "Catch 22."
The strength of the personal narrative combined with a fine balance of dark and comedic tones, as well as an overall excellent cast, makes this film well worth the watch.
Tonally, Zero is constantly shifting all over the place. You can never get too comfortable with the film, but that is what makes it distinctive.
This isn't some fluff piece of sorority drama and jokes. There are still consequences for every action and just because Zohar is the lead doesn't mean she's immune to them.
In a way the film is radically post-feminist, with women unapologetically succumbing to instincts both natural and cultural with no regard for the codes of conduct in the male-oriented microcosm.
A very good debut directorial and writer effort by Israeli filmmaker Talya Lavie.
It sneaks up on you as it goes along, offering unexpected shadings and variations on the minor-key absurdism.
A delightful, sharp dramedy that skewers the topic from every angle imaginable.
Recommended. A M.A.S.H-esque combination of satire and seriousness.
Divided into three loosely connected stories involving the same players, "Zero Motivation" is strongest in its characters and its connection to an Israeli reality we can feel even if we've never experienced it.
Although its three-part structure plays out more like sketch comedy than a fully-cooked story, Lavie's debut is an impressive and entertaining one.
The office comedy is weak. The gross-out gags are too safe. A covert lesbian crush is underused.
Lavie has a lot of provocative ideas in the oven here, most of them tend to be half-baked.
M*A*S*H meets Mean Girls on the way to Office Space? Young female soldiers at an artillery base in the south of Israel long to escape their remote posting as well as the inanities of military bureaucracy... smart, cheeky comedy.
There's method in the madness, but little of it elsewhere in "Zero Motivation."
It's pretty funny stuff, especially if you like your comedy droll.
An engaging, desert-dry, feminist-minded comedy ...
The minutes, hours and days blend together and the movie achieves something profound in the malaise.
To the panoply of films that explore the banality and inanity of army life, here's a worthy addition told from a refreshing perspective: that of young women conscripts in the Israel Defence Forces.
A series of absurd vignettes set in a remote military unit that is running on its own nutty, internal rules and values, this comedy's bite grows sharper the longer one watches.
Zero Motivation's sense of humor is as dry as the Arava sands.
It is much like the first season of a TV series that has gotten off to a slow start.
While the themes of Tel Aviv getaways and cross-cultural conflicts are amusing (the troupe's sole Russian recruit is a putz), there are truly striking dramatic moments.
Here's a nice surprise, a zestful, slightly autobiographical debut feature from Israel, written and directed by a woman, Talya Lavie, that takes satirical aim at the passions, frustrations and sexual politics of women in the army.
Percolates at a low boil for 100 minutes, neither dull nor particularly compelling.
A dark comedy that could use a pinch more silliness, but writer/director Talya Lavie has firm handle on behavioral nuance and storytelling.
Zero Motivation is what you would get if the Coen brothers directed an episode of Broad City in Israel.
Starting off as a great military/industrial complex send-up, the story flounders in the home stretch when it grasps at the serious and ends up in slapstick.
Writer and director Talya Lavie has a unique voice which overcomes any language or cultural barriers ... one of 2014's funniest, most twisted films.
This oddball exercise in deadpan drollery boasts a sensibility specific enough to herald first-time writer-director Talya Lavie as an immensely promising new talent.
The elevator pitch "Girls meets M*A*S*H" may seem a tad reductive, but it's apt. The angst is the same though the specifics, and urgency, has changed.
Lavie's made a film from an unique perspective, one which illustrates how discriminationworks against the system, undermining it by breeding contempt.
A deceptively modest piece that builds to no more than a climactic stapler fight for the ages.
Melancholy climactic trajectory aside, Zero Motivation is primarily very funny, thanks both to its game cast and Lavie's flair for unexpected gags ...
Like classic military comedies from "Catch-22" to "M*A*S*H," Talya Lavie's "Zero Motivation" offers its own appealing blend of irreverence and absurdism.
As [Ms. Lavie] moves her characters from situation to situation ... it becomes evident that she had some ideas for a movie, if not enough.
Small-scale but impressively engaging.
Zero Motivation proves something more than a piercing army/office comedy.
...Zero Motivation is the discovery of an exciting new original voice in cinema, who happens to be really funny, intelligent and female. We can't wait for more.
Bold Israeli comedy with a loose style and deadpan humor.
Talya Lavie skillfully unpacks the waste and drudgery of military life into a comic narrative that's also shot through with an unnerving and free-floating anxiety.
The characters, and the film itself, are messy, in the best, freewheeling way. The film stands out for its recklessness and confident storytelling.
Tayla Lavie's film misses the prime opportunity to remark on the triviality of war.

@highlight

Darkly funny and understatedly absurd, Zero Motivation is a refreshing addition to the canon of irreverent war comedies -- and an intriguing calling card for writer-director Talya Lavie.