In a period where nuclear holocaust is threatened over North Korea, a nuanced film such as this is essential.
In one of the year's weirdest documentaries is a movie within a movie about one dictator's hope of finding a little slice of Hollywood.
The logline sounds like a darkly comedic fictional madcap caper. However, this insanely catchy hook is actually an utterly chilling, harrowing affair.
In an absolute case of "truth is stranger than fiction," "The Lovers and the Despot" both defies credulity and inspires awe.
The film never transcends its subject matter to be more than an information dump: it fails to tell a meaningful story about either the family, the time period, filmmaking, or North Korea.
A riveting web of intrigue and suspense to rival any cold war thriller.
This is a true story that is stranger than fiction, a story of a movie star, a movie director, spies, secret agents, kidnappings, a dictator who loves movies, and captive talents making movies for a repressive regime.
The story's strangeness makes it interesting enough, but it's somewhat lacking in terms of what the couple's day-to-day lives and mindsets were like while imprisoned.
[A] fascinating historical documentary.
This British film has an intriguing tale to tell, but the slow, oppressive delivery is rather too evocative of communist gloom.
There is a great documentary here somewhere, which makes it all the more frustrating to sit through a film that does just enough.
A bizarre documentary on the hostile way the dictator of North Korea tries to get his country recognition in the world as a major player in movies.
"In intense situations," explains Shin at one point, "people imitate what they've seen in movies." In some cases, life is infinitely weirder.
A film about a mysterious and unsettling affair that remains too mysterious and unsettling after seeing the film.
A curio from the fringes of movieland, indeed, but interviews and archive clips remind you this was no game for Shin and Choi.
The result is a fascinating Cold War spy story, but one with a few too many unanswered questions and unlit corners.
It's a riveting story steeped in Cold War intrigue and personal tragedy but also not without its ironies.
A true Cold War cloak-and-dagger affair.
Documentarians Rob Cannan and Ross Adam compellingly couple an epic love story with an international espionage thriller.
It's a fantastic narrative. Too bad it's told so badly in The Lovers & the Despot.
Directors Ross Adam and Robert Cannan's documentary is told masterfully through archival material, film clips, spot-on re-enactments and interviews with those involved ...
A dynamic telling of a fascinating interlude in international politics and film history.
Directors Rob Cannan and Ross Adam have made a picture that's technically rough-edged but absorbing.
It's a very safe way to tell a story that cries out for a more daring approach.
Ross Adam and Robert Cannan's fascinating documentary The Lovers and the Despot recounts a political story that would be unbelievable if weren't true.
In the hands of directors Robert Cannan and Ross Adam, though, this bizarre footnote in the annals of international cinema exerts a queasy fascination -- as does the sound of a megalomaniacally ranting Kim.
Thoroughly thrilling, captivating, gripping and well-edited
A documentary that can't quite live up to its outlandish premise although, to be fair, what could?
It's an extraordinary story, and almost enough to sustain this often engaging documentary.
The details of Kim's cinematic obsession are vividly spelled out by filmmakers Ross Adam and Robert Cannan, illustrated with clips of Shin's North Korean movies and ample footage of the familiar, coordinated mass displays of patriotism.
What should play out as a jaw-dropping tale of espionage and the human price paid for it is rendered plodding and all too bland by its uninspired treatment here.
... fascinating even if you don't know about the subjects or their work.
An unusual documentary about how the dictator of North Korea tries to make his country a major film producer.
The Lovers and the Despot is not a ground-breaking piece of filmmaking by any metric, but will likely satisfy those with a curiosity for off-the-beaten-path film history.
The personalities are big, the story is striking, but the treatment is unimaginative-except for the editing, which is often clever and beautiful but problematic.
[Adam and Cannan's] film often bogs down filling in meaningless details while its more intriguing aspects receive little exploration.
There is the odd glaring gap in how events are presented (Shin isn't around to speak for himself), but this story is a real one of a kind.
The result's perhaps no more than a diverting anecdote, albeit one that adds to our understanding of Kim Jong-il, thwarted auteur.
Ultimately struggles to hold the attention.
Despite its flaws and will to kitsch, "The Lovers and the Despot" has enough enigmas and chills to merit a look, even if some of its spookier moments involve cinephilia rather than the usual weapons of mass destruction.
As a look into the vagaries of the filmmaking process, as a peek behind the veil of a deeply unknowable cultural landscape, as a gripping thriller, The Lovers and the Despot is well worth a shot.
Sometimes a convoluted plot can be a pleasure to untangle.
Capably recounts the main facts of the case, but doesn't illuminate its darker corners.
Their story here is riveting, although, as so often with this kind of material, I would like a clearer signpost as what has and has not been historically reconstructed.
Their story took further unlikely turns -- Shin produced Disney's "Three Ninjas," of all things -- but nothing to match their North Korea years.
Freaky as this story is, it's told in a woefully pedestrian way, with talking-head footage forming the bulk of this slow-to-develop film. Still, it's a creepily fascinating tale.
Juxtaposing archival footage with a tension-building collection of interviews, Cannan and Adam approach the outlandish crime as a puzzlement, all but wondering aloud how two celebrities could be turned into a dictator's puppets.
"Lovers" suggests that any film - even this one - can have the manipulative power of propaganda.
What they don't quite make clear, and perhaps it is impossible to do so, is what really happened in this odd episode of international espionage epitomizing movie-mogul tyranny.
Talking-head interviews with Choi, the couple's children, and various other people connected with the case are strictly expository: This happened and then that happened.
...not just the best documentary it can be, but probably the best it could ever be...short of Kim himself rising from the grave and granting the directors an audience
A skin-deep portrait of a story so interesting it feels like you could burrow into it for years.
Cannan and Adam's interviewees - Choi, intelligence agents, film critics - tell the story with more suspense than talking heads usually muster. The film is brisk and fascinating, ultimately moving, but also less rich than it might have been.
The haphazard blending of fact and clips from disparate films unrelated to Shin Sang-ok and Choi Eun-hee's ordeal confuses an already intricate tale.
offers some fascinating glimpses into one of the world's most secretive countries, but it's far too concerned with looking cool
Compelling as a Cold War thriller.
Cold War intrigues and kidnappings, with movie critics as the heroes? Count me in.
There is the "how" of artists working under a literal gun, of course, but there is also a fascinating portrait of the megalomaniac as movie fan.
It's one hell of a yarn, which makes The Lovers and the Despot's strangely soporific style something of a disappointment.
As both an utterly mad true story and as a document of the boundless reach of the cinema across borders and cultures and even ideologies, The Lovers and the Despot is wild, valuable viewing for all.
The jaw-dropping tale of the kidnappings of a famed South Korean actress and her ex-husband, a leading director from Seoul, places screwball intrigue and storybook lustre inside the frame of Cold War tabloid melodrama.
Perhaps the all-time strangest, most outlandish true-life story connected to the cinema and its practitioners is recounted in engrossing, if incomplete, fashion in The Lovers and the Despot.
The film runs under 90 minutes, and though it's weaving a terrific yarn, it sometimes feels like it's skipping over some interesting material.
A coolly gripping account of one of the most bizarre true-crime stories ever to emerge from the film world.
The doc, however, with its editorial choices, is surely the most discerning and profound outlet for this extraordinary tale.
The most frustrating aspect of The Lovers and the Despot is its refusal to do more than simply recite its tale, ignoring the interesting concepts lurking within it.
It has more suspense and intrigue than the collected George Smiley series.
Directors Ross Adam and Robert Cannan don't just tell this very strange tale; they ultimately see it as the story of frustrated artists.
The titled lovers succeed in making North Korea and its previous despot so bizarre that you'd think the whole movie is science fiction.

@highlight

The Lovers and the Despot offers a compelling -- albeit by no means comprehensive -- look at one of the more bizarrely stranger-than-fiction episodes in cinematic history.