It's depressing to see a deluxe cast wasted on such by-the-numbers material.
The story just doesn't do enough to pull the heartstrings.
Unfortunately, it's as flimsy as tissue, and the actresses, all 50+, really do more with the material...than it deserves.
Thank heavens for the practical presence and humour of Bates, and the quiet conservatism of Allen's performance as a pious woman scared of too much freedom.
A film full of emotional false notes, bad dialogue and cardboard characters...
For a film about discovering your own journey, it sure sticks to the main roads.
While the premise of this roadtrip come buddy movie may be based on loss, the journey we take is a vibrant one
What happens when you take 3 of the best dramatic actresses of all time and put them together in a road movie? Pretty much a movie that should have wound up on Lifetime.
Bonneville gets by - barely - on the strength of its three leading ladies.
Bonneville is scarcely original and in no way earthshaking, but its notable cast is a pleasure to behold.
Clearly, this fatiguing femme drama is Lifetime, Oxygen or straight-to-DVD grade level. To put it in theatres is a gross overreach.
The characters, situations and resolutions all are predictable and fit like a warm, stretched-out sweater with holes in the elbows.
... to see all that potential wasted on what's little more than a washed-out, milquetoast road trip comedy for the soon-to-be senior set is just a travesty.
When you've got three of the nation's best actresses in leading roles, it doesn't matter if your script is only adequate and the audience really has to squint here and there to believe what's happening on the screen.
Patronizing an underserved audience with this kind of half-baked fare is a cinematic crime not easily forgiven.
A heartfelt drama about a grieving woman who embarks with her two best friends on a pilgrimage across the West seeking meaning and closure.
... sticks to a soothingly familiar itinerary, providing a welcome showcase for Jessica Lang, Kathy Bates and Joan Allen. As expected, they prove mighty good company along the way %u2014 which is fortunate, because there's nothing much else that qualifies
It's a shame that it's such predictable pablum, full of easy lessons and obvious sentiment. The prodigiously talented Allen, Bates and Lange give it their all, but there's a limit to what even they can do with platitudes and prefabricated homilies.
It's just great to see these three in sizable roles instead of being stuck in Hollywood movies where they pop up briefly to wash the dishes and dispense advice to the hot actress who's the star of the thing.
There are zero surprises in the road comedy Bonneville, sadly including the fact that three middle-age actresses with three Oscars and nine nominations among them couldn't find anything more challenging to do.
There's no avoiding the fact that Christopher Rowley's feature debut is as uninspired and predictable as your average Lifetime movie.
Bonneville is so bland and predictable, it literally takes two Oscar-winners and a multiple nominee to give it any real entertainment value.
Yes, the film deals with women of an age who are usually ignored in film, and it further deals with questions of mortality and loss, which are equally overlooked. The problem is, it doesn't deal with them very well.
It's the three leads who really make this material work. Lange is very sympathetic and relatable as Arvilla, while Bates injects some needed humor. And Allen is pitch-perfect as usual, as the film's moral center of sorts.
Except for Jessica Lange's silent, expressive close-ups, the women's journey in Bonneville is aesthetically and dramatically unremarkable.
The '66 Bonneville was a great car, but these talented ladies deserved a better vehicle.
The actresses make certain you understand their motivations and quirks. It helps Bonneville step away from Lifetime Television treacle into something palatable. Perhaps even charming.
The kind of comfy, reassuring take on human relations that makes cynics want to growl at the stranger sitting next to them.
It took brass hubcaps to make Bonneville, a midlife-chick-road-trip movie starring a '66 Pontiac convertible and a trio of middle-aged driving girlfriends in cool sunglasses, and not once have the gals give props to Thelma & Louise.
In Bonneville, a talented cast is wasted, falling victim to a tired, cliche-ridden story.
Bonneville insults its talented leads by casting them in parts they could have--and probably have--done in their sleep.
A road movie that boasts pleasant company but a broken-down vehicle...in a story that seems ready-made for the Lifetime Network.
It feels like the first healthy sign of post-Borat unification.
The actors make us happy to be along for the ride.
At the very least, Bonneville deserves to be seen as a challenge and a rebuke to our supposedly youth-obsessed age.
Open the big cinema floodgates and Bonneville is just a trickle of Poland Spring, but the trio of ladies are always watchable.
This rarity in cinema -- a graying cast in a female-bonding adventure -- couldn't be more dull-humored or predictably maudlin without just calling itself The Bucket List 2.
A tragic waste of time and talent in every sense of the word.
The director needed to get a better grip on the destination of this scattered narrative, along with the actual journey. Though the sheer pleasure of Bonneville is simply watching these three gifted actresses work their magic on the movie.
This is Pablum masking as a tragi-comic chick flick, and should be avoided by all thinking people.

@highlight

The amazing cast of Bonneville is paired up with a basic, predictable script and lackluster direction.