The Hollars fails but not miserably. It has its moments and its good intentions. So why doesn't it work?
[John] Krasinski is fortunate that he has the name recognition to try his hand at anything he wants, but maybe he shouldn't cast his net quite so wide.
With a certain hint of dark comedy, Jim Strouse's script talks about the economic crisis, small business's problems and the return of the forty-year-old to home. [Full review in Spanish]
Fun situations and dialogues are scarce and dramatic moments become trivialized until they're deprived of any capacity to move. [Full review in Spanish]
The director manages to give the film that fair dose of sentimentalism and a cute sense of humor without being cheesy, all thanks to a perfect cast of actors. [Full review in Spanish]
A film that possesses a certain personality, given that it give its characters a force above the archetype they represent, but in the long run, it's not enough. [Full review in Spanish]
The Hollars does achieve occasional poignant moments, most of them due to Martindale's warm presence and the goodwill she inspires. But the other actors have little to work with.
The Hollars is a great little indie that really has it all.
Maybe there's a longer, more graceful earlier version out there. Maybe there's an earlier version of the screenplay that emphasizes authenticity over punchlines. But what's on screen feels like an overly cautious, watered-down final draft.
An uplifting dramedy that reveals how disappointment can be a spiritual teacher.
An agonizing exercise in indie quirk.
The Hollars" follows a very predictable storyline but the journey is made far more interesting by a first-rate cast.
'The Hollars,' directed by and starring John Krasinski, fails to connect because it doesn't say anything that we haven't already heard.
The humor is often forced, the emotions are overwrought, and the swelling music cues lose even their minor emotional effectiveness after the third or fourth time.
If you were to buy a kit labeled "quirky independent movie," the assembled parts would look like The Hollars, in which a stellar cast is stranded in a cliché-heavy family dramedy.
Rarely has family dysfunction on film been more dreadfully boring than in The Hollars.
rasinski is sort of a low-grade Jimmy Stewart as a comic/dramatic actor. He's also, obviously now, a director other actors are delighted to work for.
Krasinski's heart was in the right place with his sophomore endeavor, but, like his character's hospitalized mother, his cranium just wasn't up to the task.
There are lots of nice moments and the cast is charming.
Krasinski is not a bad storyteller. His movie is charming and light most of the time but heavy when needed. And most of the time it's even somewhat realistic.
You won't find any fairy tale endings in the world of "The Hollars." But sometimes a well-written movie with a talented ensemble cast that clicks is its own little miracle. The Hollars has that kind of magic.
Hollar if you've heard this one before.
The Hollars is no towering drama blazing new trails in the art of film. It's just a nice, decent little movie about essentially nice, decent people.
The Hollars pretends to be about big issues-life, death, family-but takes place in a universe so far removed from anyone's reality that it turns out to be more about bad writing and jokes that fall flat.
'The Hollars' is one of those movies that is conventional as all get-out, but earns every tear that it jerks and actually manages to feel honest and authentic thanks mostly to its outstanding cast.
Its attractive cast are game for the loose material, but the script is so off-kilter that it fails to connect credibly with the viewer.
Margo Martindale is a national treasure. She has the best comedic moments and the best dramatic ones in this movie.
Like the omnipresent folk pop of its soundtrack, it's just doing a broad-strokes approximation of something more thoughtful, a Little Miss Sunshine without the character detail.
A standard-issue family reunion dramedy, The Hollars has several genuine moments of human interaction.
Krasinski, who also directed the film, may have spread himself too thin; there's a desperation about the closing scenes, cluttered as they are with bouncy pop songs on the soundtrack.
Krasinski finds humor in the obvious, and keeps the sitcom squishness to a minimum, even if "The Hollars" are nothing to shout about.
Opening with a promising first act comprising well-observed, edgy humor, the film ends with an overdose of treacle so syrupy, so pungent, it will unsettle the strongest tummy.
Features an array of characters that are immediately recognizable-unfortunately not from real life but from innumerable movies and TV series of the same sad sort. Despite the title it's certainly nothing to shout about.
It is a perfect storm of boredom.
Krasinski's sophomore effort is a compelling and kind-hearted, albeit familiar, tale about returning home.
The movie so eagerly touches on all the quadrants we've become accustomed to expect from Sundance-lite pictures that it starts to seem ridiculous.
If you liked TV's Parenthood, you'll like John Krasinski's well-played, enjoyable if also predictable, frequently familiar family dramedy The Hollars.
Infuriatingly quirky family dramedy that makes you wanna scream.
Although the cast keeps things engaging, in an apparent attempt to offset the serious with the sunny, director John Krasinski sinks a potentially radiant thing by replacing true emotion with artificial sunshine.
There are only three characters who really matter ... The other characters make it feel as if [screenwriter James C.] Strouse needed to fill some sort of eccentricity quota.
Jenkins and Martindale, both old hands at this sort of "dramedy" material, come through for Krasinski as the story darkens in the second half.
"The Hollars" is an uneven, ineffective and self-conscious dysfunctional family comedy/drama with a Sundance-y vibe, and scene after scene in which the greatly talented and usually quite likable cast members keep stepping in big piles of wrong choices.
No new storytelling ground is broken in the charming The Hollars, but it doesn't need to be. The core cast always feels credible as a family.
Krasinski, still a better actor than director, goes for warm fuzzies rather than chords on the heart strings.
If Krasinski relates in any significant way to his character's self-doubt, you wouldn't know it from the movie, on which he does confident double duty as director.
"The Hollars" drives inexorably to a conclusion that feels as manipulatively mawkish as it is impossibly tidy, typical of a genre that too often tries to have it both ways.
If there were such a thing as a paint-by-numbers kit to create an indie flick, the end result would look something like this.
In many ways, The Hollars feels like a bit of nostalgia of the 90s independent movement when studios supported little movies and intimate, personal storytelling was praised as refreshing.
The film struggles so hard to be funny that the comic potential is diluted. In fact, sometimes it seems downright bland.
John Krasinski delivers a movie that expertly blends laughs , tears and family dysfunction in way we can easily recognize. Margo Martindale and Richard Jenkins shine.
There is little to commend in James C. Strouse's screenplay outside the mother-son relationship at its core and indeed, Krasinski's best decision here was in hiring Margo Martindale whose performance is the only real reason to see this movie.
Overstuffed, undercooked and corny despite its stellar cast. It's almost as cringe-worthy, clunky and painfully contrived as The Family Stone.
The kind of toothless and emotionally counterfeit cancer dramedy that gives America's independent cinema a bad name.
Uneven dysfunction dramedy benefits from strong cast.
Krasinski demonstrates a real knack for getting his actors to gel and flow and do their jobs well.
Though he's collected a pretty stellar ensemble, Krasinski's execution lacks nuance, leaning hard into theatrical performances that undercut big emotional beats.
Krasinski has fashioned one of the better films to view this summer, underscored by the performances of a dream cast...
Is The Hollars an original, breathtaking dramedy that says anything new about middle-class suburbia and family? No. But with a brisk runtime and a terrific cast, it's a pleasant and bittersweet look at one family struggling to keep it together.
The Hollars is just good enough to make you wish that it were better.
The prospect of life and death - all at once - as a time to take stock, shake self-doubt and to man up is an idea worth exploring. But "The Hollars" rings hollow.
Familiar elements are still made enjoyable by a winning ensemble led by Krasinski himself.
The film's ruefully honest tone is periodically drowned out by the blare of stagey coincidences.
Feels more like Hollywood Game Night than a family dramedy.
The swirl of anxiety plays out too patly in Jim Strouse's script, but the performers, especially Ms. Martindale and the jittery Mr. Copley, keep it enjoyable, even touching at times.
Krasinski directs with humor and compassion. And Margo Martindale proves again that she is one of the best actors on the planet.
John Krasinski directed and stars in The Hollars, which belongs to a genre I rather like: the small family comedy about the city kid who comes home when something happens to a family member, and then learns some Life Lessons.
Strouse's deft script and Krasinki's game direction upend a host of familiar moments in ways that are fresh and unexpected - if sometimes overly broad. The terrific cast doesn't hurt.
A gooey morass of indie-movie clichés, the wacky-family dramedy "The Hollars" marks yet another egregiously cutesy attempt to rekindle that "Garden State" magic.
Familiar and predictable family drama with several fine performances that regrettably cannot save the dreary material.
The Hollars isn't without heart -- it's without purpose or edge, a sanded-down imitation of more sharply told stories about more appallingly messed up people.
The Hollars deals in weighty personal tragedies, and yet neither the treacly, offbeat humor nor the moments of more straightforward pathos tend to work for any real length of time.
Whenever the movie starts to get genuinely idiosyncratic, it reverts to singing the same old songs: weddings, funerals, births, and tasteful finger-picking.
These people are flawed and human, short-tempered and sometimes silly. But they're good to each other. They're understanding of each other. They're decent. And so is this small, lovely movie.
A very accessible and relatable movie about family and how one family pulls together to try to fight against adversity with love and laughs.
The Hollars has some heart, but far too much of it is clouded over by an overwhelming atmosphere of cutesiness.
Doesn't register much louder than a mumble.
The Hollars certainly doesn't rewrite hometown drama, but Krasinski's bright directorial personality is enough to avoid a generic, forgettable fate.
... A pleasant enough experience in which you should easily be able to find someone or something to relate to in it.
One minute Richard Jenkins is emphatically crying over his wife's illness, which is apparently a running gag. The next Wilco is playing over earnest montages of people staring into space.
It's nothing new, and it falls short of profundity, but it's emotionally genuine, warmly funny, and charming as all get-out. Sometimes, that's enough.
Krasinski appears to know exactly the kind of movie he's making, elevating familiar material to a level that feels real and bittersweet.
Familiar but well-acted.
A mawkish family comedy, intent to please, The Hollars plays like an extended sitcom.
Feels more like the first draft of what will eventually become a much better movie.
The Hollars wants a medal for expressing its feelings but it seriously lacks perspective on what it's characters' fundamental problems really are.
Seeks only to manipulate into tears, coupled with embarrassing efforts to laugh through them.
The emotional responses elicited here go about as deep as the "awwws" and "ahhhs" of a live studio audience at a network sitcom taping.
Desperately charming as it goes about its business ...
This one is straight out of the old-school Sundance manual. Still, there's enough warmth, humor and heart in the very slick package, not to mention a gaggle of accomplished and well-cast actors ...
Familiar elements are still made enjoyable by a winning ensemble led by Krasinski himself.

@highlight

The Hollars gathers an impressive assortment of talented stars; unfortunately, it's all in service of a story that's been played out more effectively in countless other indie dramedies.