[CSA is] an extraordinary new mock-u-mentary.
"C.S.A." tells a counter-story of how slavery survives to the present day-and it uses traces of contemporary pop culture to show that the notion isn't really even such a stretch.
Brimming with daring concepts though only sporadically united into a lacerating whole
interesting, though very melodramatic
It's a film beaming with fertile ideas.
a satirist's distorted reflection of today's globe-mastering US, as presided over by a god-fearing Southerner with imperialist tendencies and a penchant for warmongering.
Unrelenting in its cleverness but repetitive in hammering home this message of shameful black oppression.
If you've ever wondered what the course America history might have taken if the south had won the Civil War, you might like to check out this infinitely creative, alternately sobering and humorous look at America's lingering legacy of racism.
As funny as it is provocative, this is a startling film on every level.
Its attack on American racist capitalism is provocative, disturbing and powerful satire . . . shows us through fiction what Katrina has already revealed in fact.
The film's decision to incorporate genuine examples of human horror (photographs of the Wounded Knee Massacre and Southern lynch mob violence) are thoroughly out of place in a movie that tries to score satirical points.
Its central notion is so very promising that Willmott's failure to properly run with it only compounds the eventual disappointment.
By slyly nudging both history and the language of television, this mock documentary about an America won by the Confederacy ... manages to be both shocking and strangely banal in equal measure.
The satire comes to feel strained and the whole premise gets awfully precious, reducing social subtleties to cinematic simplicities.
There are droll comic flourishes in this very brave film, to be sure, but all you really want to do after watching CSA is hang down your head and cry.
A rough-edged but incredibly provocative fake documentary.
Here, technique interferes with the film's argument because it's attempting to satirize a history that didn't occur.
A sometimes incisive, sometimes amateurish look at race in America, the things we do and tolerate as a nation that are really no different from an America ruled by unrepentant slave-holders.
A deadpan satire that's as fun as it is smart.
It's as if, in trying to emulate the style of stuffy documentarian Ken Burns, Wilmott made something that actually makes Burns' films seem livelier.
An entertaining and razor-sharp lesson in the pervasiveness of racism in American history.
The most alarming thing about C.S.A.: Confederate States of America is how utterly unalarming it seems.
Never lacks for material, it may be a bit too smart for its own good.
A piece of well-crafted righteous indignation.
A cheeky speculation on what may have happened had the Confederacy prevailed in the War of Northern Aggression ...
[Writer/Director] Willmott could have easily stumbled over his own cleverness but, as with the rest of the movie, his fantasia is intellectually rigorous and makes for stimulating debate.
Funny, disturbing, smart and consciously outrageous.
Willmott's battlefield strategy is parody, not drama, and he makes his points with far more invention than finesse.
CSA is best when inventing, not amending, history.
It's worth seeing, but you can't watch it without imagining how much better it could be.
Rarely does a promising premise get such lackluster execution as in the satiric CSA: The Confederate States of America.
Willmott's film is an inventive indie production, and a chilling look at a future America narrowly avoided.
Willmott could have better served his research to make a book, or scrapping the artifice in favor of a documentary treatment. Or better yet, he could have handed all his info over to Burns or someone else who knows what he's doing.
For all its wit, the overwhelming feeling is one of sadness, as the CSA history and our actual USA history really aren't that far removed.
A racial and historical satire that shocks and amuses.
There is a good movie that could be made from this same premise, but this amateurish endeavor isn't it.
Not just altering history but updating it, this is the best political satire since Joe Dante's The Second Civil War and the strong sections of Spike Lee's Bamboozled.
A film that provokes some big laughs during its viewing and some unsettling thoughts afterward.
CSA: The Confederate States of America offers a smart balance of edgy thoughtfulness and off-beat entertainment.
Kevin Willmott pulls off an amazing trick with the fake documentary CSA: The Confederate States of America. On the lowest of budgets, he rewrites history on the grandest scale.
A mockumentary often as unnerving as it is amusing, CSA: The Confederate States of America kicks off with a simple premise: What if the South had won 'the War of Northern Aggression'?
The premise and much of the execution is very clever.
A brilliant and irresistible counterfactual overview of American history.
CSA is rough around the edges, especially where the acting and some of the film's invented characters are concerned. But the way CSA works out its ideas is so provoking that its drawbacks are not difficult to ignore.
C.S.A. is pretty mind-boggling stuff, a home-grown no-budget film capable of amusing, angering and educating -- often all at once.
Funny, imaginative but ultimately not very civil.
Kevin Willmott's ersatz documentary CSA: The Confederate States of America is an act of provocation that's sheer genius in its conceptual simplicity.
...a profane joke that doesn't ruffle quite as many feathers as it should.
Willmott spends a great deal of energy inventing details for the pulsing flow of his phony history, and some of his invented logic eerily mirrors some of the today's school of thought.
Sprung urgent and barn-side broad, in the tradition of all great, immodest proposals, C.S.A. is A-OK.
Leagues deeper than a one-joke goof, CSA becomes a film about how frightfully easy it is for the soul of a corrupted nation to stay corrupt, as each generation sacrifices its ideals for the convenience of tradition.
An exquisitely terrifying film in a funny, deadpan way
This provocative, deeply unsettling mockumentary from filmmaker Kevin Willmott offers an alternate history of America based on a terrifying what-if scenario.
CSA is a sophomoric film essay that would have barely rated a passing grade from a tougher teacher.
If the world constructed by CSA can seem at times shrill and cheap, however, that may in fact be a good indication of what this world would have been like to live in.
Satire via sledgehammer, Kevin Willmott's fake documentary imagines an alternative American history in which the South won the Civil War.
There's a rough, raw kind of genius here, and one that resonates. Because how far off is Willmott's scenario anyway?
Offensive? Yes, and creatively so.
Kevin Willmott's clever, very low-budget film rewrites history.
Willmott, who has written numerous documentaries and is a professor of film studies at the University of Kansas, maps an initially plausible trajectory.
Kevin Willmott "program" is a well-crafted ruse.
A dense counterhistory that ingeniously undermines your disbelief.
Ingenious and disturbing, it's not really about the past but the present -- a witty successor to 'Fahrenheit 9/11.'
In satirizing history, Wilmott lays down a gauntlet, indicting ingrained attitudes and prejudices, and daring us all to do something about it.
The idea behind the film is such a good one that I wish a more talented filmmaker than Kevin Willmott, and one with better resources, had come up with it.



@highlight

Through the eyes of a British "documentary", this film takes a satirically humorous, and sometimes frightening, look at the history of an America where the South won the Civil War.