A noble attempt to give us a look at one of the regular people who populate our civilization, one of the guys we may see everyday but would be otherwise totally unfamiliar with.
Although the acting isn't so hot from the non-professional bit part players, Ahmad Ravzi - also a non-professional actor and former push cart seller himself - puts in a stoic and solid performance.
Delivers the grind without sugar and clichés.
Fiction, but always with one foot firmly planted in a grim post-9/11 reality, the cast and crew got called terrorists by people passing by the set, and with a visit from the FBI to see if the film set was a coverup to conceal a terrorist plot in progress.
The darkly realistic cinematography of Michael Simmonds gives the film a near-documentary style in its depiction of the endless, physically draining work.
Recalling Italian neorealist movies such as The Bicycle Thief, Man Push Cart is a slice of a very sad life.
A sad, powerful, austere experience of a movie, this is the story of a man who has known profound, compound loss.
A sad, honest movie about the day-to-day courage and stoicism of decent people who cling to the lowest rung of the social ladder.
Man Push Cart, written and directed by Ramin Bahrani, attempts to put a human face on the men (and it is generally men) who work inside these tin boxes.
A slow-burn stunner, where nothing much of consequence happens, except life itself.
The makers of Man Push Cart seem so dedicated to making a film that defies Hollywood conventions that the finished product lacks enough entertainment value to justify price of admission.
Man Push Cart is likely too slow to pull in much of an audience, but that's a shame, because it has so much empathy for the plight of the lonely.
Michael Simmond's cinematography, especially in scenes of Ahmad muscling his way amid evening traffic and early-morning delivery trucks, is wonderfully true to the moods of a city that never sleeps and seldom nods at the hard work going on before it.
Shot in three weeks, Man Push Cart does a fine job of capturing the bitter flavor of Ahmad's life.
Free of contrived melodrama and phony suspense, it ennobles the hard work by which its hero earns his daily bread.
Ahmad's concerns -- his sadness and his striving -- become universal. Though his early-morning riser's world is gray and threaded with melancholy, it becomes, in the end, a place we recognize.
Man Push Cart is a solemn mood piece that hovers somewhere between bittersweet and despairing.
Unfortunately, the characters are so tediously one dimensional, poorly scripted and amateurishly acted, that the most sympathetic character is a neglected kitten.
The performances and storyline are pretty perfunctory. But the nocturnal images of Razvi hauling his metallic cart through traffic that barely notices his existence eloquently encapsulate the émigré experience.
Elusive and underpowered.
A lame attempt at neorealism, hampered by an implausible plotline and warmed over existential motifs.
Man Push Cart is that unique, frustrating film that gains brownie points for its immediate, here-and-now ambiance, while losing momentum by prioritizing realism before dramatic force.
This is a painstakingly rendered film about perserverance in the face of emptiness and seemingly insurmountable odds, and yet it isn't a cliched, all's well that ends well film.
It's by no means an exaggeration to describe this quietly powerful film as Bressonian.
You'll think of him the next time you pass a cart.
It's a very sad film and very well done.
Man Push Cart is often striking, but Bahrani never quite figures out how to drag this small character study out to feature length.
The slower and minimalist pacing, like many of Man Push Cart's formal conventions, adds another dimension to the sorrow at the true heart of the film.
... the events of Bahrani's film unfold with the same, inexorable predictability -- nothing happens that you didn't anticipate from the outset -- but it's beautifully played by Bahrani's largely inexperienced cast.
... a film that is at once a delicate, moving drama and a vibrant city symphony, offering a predawn view of New York seldom captured on film.
... a fascinating, sad, sometimes quite poetic window into a grueling way of life most of us know little about.
The writer-director, Ramin Bahrani, is a natural-born filmmaker who captures how the banal physical details of manning a pushcart could come to define a life.
Nicely evokes the bleak life of a coffee-and-donuts guy in New York.
introspective, refreshingly unpretentious
If you've forgotten -- or never known -- the rhythm and grace that cinema can sing with, then please, for your own sanity, see Man Push Cart, and rediscover how achingly lovely a film can be.
Synthesizes aspiration, resignation, anonymity, celebrity, opportunity and denial into a portrait of something far beyond the immigrant experience.
Ahmad (Ahmad Razvi), the Pakistani immigrant who is the protagonist of Ramin Bahrani's Man Push Cart, goes through a Sisyphean daily grind.
The melancholy story is told with empathy and restraint; Ahmad's unmoving face is a mask of loss, but he never lets go of his dignity.
Ramin Bahrani's striking debut tracks a Pakistani street-cart vendor with a mysterious past as he pushes his steel box through Manhattan.
If one of the things movies are supposed to do is make you look anew at the world around you, you may never see your doughnut vendor in the same way again.
As a rhythmic cry for understanding, Man Push Cart has the simplicity of an Islamic hamd call to prayer.
While I don't agree with the commercial wisdom of tying into a Greek myth, I would offer Bahrani a nudge of praise for the skill and energy pushing his creative cart.
What begins as a delineation of a man in a landscape becomes a study in sadness and stoicism, disorientation and even desperation, then finally, a delicate, rewarding and cliché-free enquiry into the complex heart of the lone immigrant experience.
An unforgettable portrait of a Pakistani pushcart vendor trying to keep his soul alive on the congested streets of New York City.
Like that daily grind, his story of salvation sought and never attained is one of listless, bloodless tedium.
Bahrani and his DP Michael Simmonds illuminate the murky beauty -- and hardscrabble economics -- of New York's all-night shadowland.
An example of spare, slice-of-life indie cinema at its most unpretentious.


@highlight

This compassionate portrait of a New York City street vendor is as beautiful as it is melancholy.