Kids too young for Lord Of The Rings may be distracted by this below average fantasy, but for everyone else this is derivative and silly.
Regardless of your feelings about the fantasy genre, there's one thing everyone can agree on: Elves should not be 5-foot-6.
As my companion dourly noted, "I just paid $30.00 to see Star Wars." (And yes, that's matinee pricing and all I had was a water.) But wow, great effects, seriously.
Tolkien lite.
The viewer is not transported to the magical, complex and elaborate kingdom of Alagaësia of the book, but rather is merely observing action scene followed by action scene.
Director Stefan Fangmeier would have been better off following the cliff-hanging, lucidly written action scenes by [Christopher] Paolini.
While it offers nothing new, it gets a passing grade because it does have some interesting characters, brought to life by some top-notch acting talent.
At a recent screening of 'Eragon,' a woman lamented, 'It's like a teenage guy wrote this.' She was right.
Give Eragon a few years: By then, it might be delightfully bad.
We can only hope the next instalment will have a little more fire in its belly.
John Malkovich finds his loopy, nostril-flaring form as the wicked tyrant and Jeremy Irons, playing the boy's wise mentor, is visibly thinking about his fee.
A painful reminder of what fantasy cinema was like before the Lord of the Rings trilogy re-wrote the rules.
The title of Hollywood's latest fantasy epic is simply the word 'dragon' with one letter changed, and unfortunately, that's about the level of creativity you can expect from Eragon.
An enjoyably bad movie.
The effects are impressive but the script, acting and direction are desperately dull.
It's a bonanza for the tinted contact lens industry.
This tale of dragons and derring-do risks sending kids and grownups alike drifting away to the Land Of Nod.
If one happens to be a boy between the ages of 10 and 15 or so, all of this will be quite exciting and engaging. If one is much older -- say, 16 -- and has seen any epic adventure produced in the last two decades, Eragon will be trying.
Laughably bad, mind-bogglingly derivative, and easily one of the worst movies of the year.
Often warm and ultimately uplifting, the fantasy delivers entertaining fare for the entire family.
Technically competent, but essentially a fantasy movie that mistakes industrial light for magic.
George Lucas should sue their sorry plagiarist asses. . .
It's certainly more fast paced than The Chronicles of Narnia and more concise than Harry Potter.
The special effects are the tail wagging the dragon in this sword-and-sorcery fantasy, which may put a spell on kids, despite a dull hero and skimpy storyline.
Para una obra de más de quinientas páginas, hay demasiada ligereza en la cinta...
I imagine it might appeal to folks who have never before seen a fantasy flick.
Basicamente mergulhando a trama de Star Wars no universo de J.R.R. Tolkien, Eragon traz anões, elfos, humanos, dragões, feiticeiros e Vaders (ops... Vardens) envolvidos em incidentes que são um verdadeiro bê-á-bá do gênero fantasia.
The Hollywood studio is hoping and praying for lots of things, none of which matter a lick if the movie lays a giant dragon-sized egg, making all their aspirations nothing more than a bunch of hot air dissipating in the cold winter breeze.
Stefen Fangmeier establishes himself as the Uwe Boll of family-friendly fantasy.
Considering that Christopher Paolini started writing his Eragon novels at age 15 and his protagonist is 17, the adolescent tone is appropriate, but the film shouldn't look as if teenagers made it.
Eragon offers a basic boy-and-his-talking-dog sort of set up, complicated by Eragon's stubbornness and Malkovich's typically oddball line readings.
If you want pseudo-medieval battles with fairies and elves, go take
You'll probably spot eight or nine different pieces of uncredited source material as the garish smear of Eragon washes over you.
With Eragon, visual-effects wizard Stefen Fangmeier turns director and proves himself the logical successor to Uwe Boll.
God help us, there's going to be a director's cut, isn't there?
I wish that I could push aside a filing cabinet somewhere and crawl through a secret passageway into Malkovich's brain for 15 minutes, just so I could learn what he was thinking when he signed on for this movie.
It's no wonder you can expect a spoof called "Epic Movie," in theatres next spring, from the makers of Scary Movie.
Swap dragon riders with the Jedi, Galbatorix with Darth Vader, Brom with Obi-Wan and what have you got? Plagiarism.
The feeling of a rip-off is so blatant that it practically ends all other discussion of the movie.
The Varden expected 'more' when they heard a Dragon Rider was coming, but I expected less from the movie... we both were pleasantly surprised.
[N]ary a thing of any substance differs from the Gospel of Luke, except here be dragons instead of landspeeders and X-wing fighters and the Han Solo is really lame...
For some audiences, watching a dragon grow from babyhood to fire-breathing giant will make "Eragon" worth the price of a ticket.
With no momentum and no real characters to care about, [Eragon] lumbers its way toward a grand, sequel-setting finale.
If you took all the dragon-centered movies ever made, and counted the good ones on your fingers, I bet you'd still have enough fingers left over to flip off Eragon as you walked laughing from the theater.
Like a super-condensed version of Lord of the Rings as made for the Disney Channel. The baffling story sometimes makes you think the Comedy Channel might have lent a hand as well.
just too derivative to take seriously
It's a large-scale fantasy that plays like a rerun... Paolini began his novel when he was 15, and the simplicity of 'Eragon'... might bring back memories of high school writing workshops.
What isn't stolen from Star Wars in this adaptation of Christopher Paolini's best-seller was cribbed from The Lord of the Rings.
The strength comes from the 15-year-old author's conviction and enthusiasm for the story but the weakeness comes from its key elements being renamed rather then re-imagined.
Its formula is so vanilla that it could be an early draft of almost any other science fiction or fantasy story.
This big budget fantasy flick might bore audience members over the age of 10 right out of their minds.
First-time director Stefen Fangmeier is a longtime Industrial Light and Magic veteran, so it's no surprise that the effects are state-of-the-art...
...So heavily derivative of Star Wars and The Lord of the Rings it should be ritually torched by followers of Yoda and Frodo.
Eragon may not be a big Oscar contender, but in a movie season filled with blood diamonds, fascist soldiers and Idi Amin, it provides a much-needed afternoon of PG-rated family-friendly adventure.
Been to that galaxy, done that ring.
many of the elements are boringly derivative: Malkovich's creepy and menacing castle looks like it was picked up at a "Lord of the Rings" clearance sale.
Praise must be given to the most effective dragon yet brought to celluloid. She's more believable than most of the humans in the film.
Why has 20th Century Fox released this embarrassment - whose quality would be dubious for a direct-to-video release - into theaters?
...As escapist entertainment Eragon fills the bill-as long as no one expects too much.
First-time director Stefen Fangmeier delivers, giving young adults a teen hero astride a flying dragon (voice of Rachel Weisz) and a comely girl warrior, Arya (Sienna Guillory), who, like Luke and Leia, join forces and wits to bring down the evil empire.
I left Eragon feeling like I'd just watched a Renaissance Faire stage its own production of "Star Wars."
The experienced actors (Irons, Malkovich, Carlyle, Hounsou, and Sienna Guillory) earn the big bucks just for keeping a straight face.
Eragon's mythic journey to discover the truth behind his heritage and battle evil hews so closely to the story lines of other famous fantasy epics that it's hard to believe there aren't a few lawsuits in the works.
The film's few moments of hilarity are no less welcome for being completely unintended...
The script, which reaches for importance by repeating ideas, drags down the actors, who try to do the same thing by throwing periods into the middle of a sentence: "Take care of Saphira. Without her. You'll find that life is hardly worth living."
Paolini was 15 when he began writing Eragon, and the book's epic imagination reflects its creator's precocious youth. What a shame a bunch of grownups had to step in and muck it all up.
Eragon is a dull and derivative rehash of familiar fantasy genre elements with a dragon on top...
...Takes an already derivative plot and guts it like so many Urgals.
Any hint of narrative complexity or character development is wiped out by the film's slavishly straightforward storyline, and its special effects that might be state-of-the-art but never show anything we haven't seen before.
One needn't be a fan of fantasy-adventure to be thrilled by the winged lizard in Eragon.
In truth, astute viewers may note a more-than-passing resemblance to Star Wars...
...Lord of the Potter better captures the blended spirit of the occasion.
The characters are full-on clichés spouting wooden lines, given no time to develop as the film races from one silly conflict to another.
For all the promise of breathing fire and clashing swords, Eragon doesn't generate any real heat.
The only real difference between Eragon and one of those laughably chintzy movies produced for the Sci-Fi Channel is the cast.
For me, the movie, although possessed of some captivating storybook moments and an impressive enough dragon, was mostly an overblown bore that made me laugh when it wasn't supposed to.
There are lots of recycled movie lines, as ageless and hard to kill as a dragon: You are brave, but foolish ... Murder them all, but the boy is mine ... Most dragon riders take years to learn what you know by instinct. Etc., etc.
The mess that's been made with all this money is maddening. This isn't economical moviemaking. It's a deluxe trailer for "Eragon 2."
First-time director Stefan Fangmeier does a good job overseeing the look and pacing of the film, but often seems to neglect more humdrum details like plotting and dialogue.
It's mostly just a bunch of actors trying to look involved while attempting to act through their bad wigs and Studio 54 reject outfits.
A dragon with audible thoughts and no voice is even less interesting than one who can talk.
...this is a movie that invites comparisons to other movies and stories, primarily because it's just like them.
more than a Star Wars rip-off... The only thing missing here is a Chewbacca
Earnestly acted and directed, Eragon has neither the visual dazzle nor narrative momentum to compensate for its cut-rate fantasy mimicry.
Stop me if you've heard this one before...
'Eragon' is a rip-off, but it doesn't look like one.
I liked Eragon's story so much more when it was called Star Wars. Heck, I was waiting for a Wookie to pop up.
Eragon's fantastical milieu may be third-class Lord of the Rings, but its story--in what may constitute the most shameless act of plagiarism known to American cinema--is pure Star Wars.
All of the wooden dialogue and generic hero-questing doesn't even lead to much of note, merely setting up a sequel that may never come to pass.
Fears that Fangmeier's debut would be the sequel to Dragonheart nobody wanted prove unwarranted. It's the sequel to BloodRayne that nobody wanted.
It's a pleasant enough fantastical adventure, but it does feel naggingly derivative.
The film is the directorial debut of Stefen Fangmeier, a special-effects wizard of renown, and looks it -- i.e. magically and sumptuously detailed.
This knockoff simply follows its peril-rescue-triumph pattern to the inconclusive end and comes to a galumphing stop by hinting at two more sequels.
Appropriating all the external trappings of big-budget fantasy but none of the requisite soul, this leaden epic never soars like the CG-rendered fire-breather at the core of its derivative mythology.
It is a world without much texture or depth. Heroes, villains, magic, love, honor and destiny abound, but there is little complexity in the social, cultural or political shape of this world.
As soon as Fangmeier sinks his teeth into the plot, he cuts from set piece to set piece in a frenzy, spitting out chunks of unnecessary voiceover and dizzying F/X. . . . a dim fantasy flick.
We've reached the point in fantasy films at which the CGI-creatures are a lot more interesting and believable than the humans.
A sword-and-sorcery tale told without the slightest whiff of screen magic.
Too bad the acting is so lame, the story so derivative and the thing so long.
A lot of pseudo-medieval, dragon-happy claptrap.
Technically accomplished but fairly lifeless and at times a bit silly.
The big difference between Harry and Eragon is that the former movies range from not bad to very good, but the latter stinks.
For those who love the fantasy genre known as sword and sorcery -- and I count myself in their number -- sitting through the movie version of Eragon will suck the will to live right out of you.
[Contains] a plotline that's a pastiche of tired fate-demands-you-take-this-journey tropes.
With most of the work going into the tech stuff, the actors seem left pretty much on their own.
In a time of darkness, under the evil reign of John Malkovich... a hero shall rise. But lo, there will be little rejoicing, for this dragon rider (newcomer Edward Speleers) is but a nancy boy.
Eragon has the courage of its earnest, borderline-humorless convictions.
Even fools for fantasy movies (like me) may find the foolishness of Eragon tough going.
Bland pretty boy Speleers is overshadowed by his dragon and human co-stars, with Irons especially impressive despite some very silly dialogue.
Essentially a repeat of the first episode of Star Wars dropped into a Lord of the Rings context...comes across as plodding and rather dull.
Like the book, the movie lacks originality, while also featuring weak characters, no rhythm, run-of-the-mill dialogue, and cheap looking action. Lovely.
"Eragon" is based on a book by a 19-year-old with a script that seems to have been written by a 12-year-old.
..."Eragon" is a fun film that is certain to join the ranks of "Harry Potter" and "Lord of the Rings" in the world of fantasy films.
A load of generic mush perhaps best served as a piece of bitchin' '70s van art.
It's free for all sci-fi/fantasy mad libs.
Eragon - that's Dragon with an E (instead of a D), or Era Gone, without the E. Both are wordplays that perhaps give a clue to the workings of the 15 year old author's mind.










@highlight

Written by a teenager (and it shows), Eragon presents nothing new to the "hero's journey" story archetype. In movie terms, this movie looks and sounds like Lord of the Rings and plays out like a bad Star Wars rip-off. The movie spins the tale of a peasant boy who is suddenly entrusted with a dragon and must, with the help of a mentor, train, grow strong, and defeat an evil emperor. The way the critics picture it, the makers of Eragon should soon be expecting an annoyed phone call from George Lucas.