Perhaps in twenty more years or so, [The Fountain] will be recognized for the utterly gorgeous masterpiece that it is.
The enormous, and sometimes inspired, visual arc of Aronofsky's reach sadly exceeds his narrative's basic grasp.
Visual alchemist Darren Aronofsky's most personal work is a double helix of love and loss - death entwined with life as existence's only reliable truths. It offers a transfixing merger of biological imperatives and musings on creativity and tragedy.
A metaphysical muddle.
It's difficult to recall another American film that, in pursuing a passionate and personal vision, goes so maddeningly, uproariously wrong.
The continuous sense of deeply felt discovery tempers the movie's overreaching pretentiousness
You can judge for yourself whether a money shot of semenesque tree-sap is a proper payoff, but the movie is at least texturally rich, tonally consistent (brooding, always) and much fussed over by its maker.
This film raises an interesting question: How far is a viewer willing to follow a talented filmmaker down a rabbit hole, when it becomes clear that said filmmaker has lost his way?
It's a simple story told with Zen directness, its fingers deep in the age-old questions, its eyes and ears wide open to the sensual potential of cinema.
So simple, so elaborate, and yet so utterly brilliant...
I will concede the film is not a great success. Too many screens of blinding lights. Too many transitions for their own sake. Abrupt changes of tone.
Despite its flaws, it's still worth watching.
Seldom in cinema has eschatology been treated with such intelligence, or inspired such aching awe.
Yes, The Fountain is ridiculous, arguably pretentious, pining for your attention like a sixth grade emo kid. And I love it to pieces.
If one is to be left with something in the end, it is the realization that its creator is fully in love with not just the result of his art, but the very happening of it.
It will no doubt find itself aging quite well, appreciated long after its (inevitably short) theatrical run.
[I]ntrigues me intellectually, [but] it doesn't make me feel anything... But it's one of the more interesting cinematic failures I've ever seen.
Beautiful and profoundly moving...This is a film I want to see several more times.
...more a middling entry in the message/sci-fi/fantasy genre than the groundbreaking venture its ponderous tone would lead us to believe.
There are hints of David Lynch's similarly confusing Mulholland Drive and the marvellously bonkers ending of Stanley Kubrick's classic 2001: A Space Odyssey that will repel many more viewers than attract.
Fantasy fable impresses and indulges in equal measure.
The key line, spoken by a Mayan priest, is 'Death is the road to awe', and this movie truly puts the 'awe' into awful.
The Fountain's message is that life is short, so we should make the most of it, and that's a message which should take one of two centuries, and one or two hairstyles, at most.
I've sat through lots of navel-gazing movies that would have been vastly improved by the addition of some 16th-century conquistador action; Aronofsky's film is still a bore, Its ideas and images too airy-fairy to have emotional force.
Ambitious? You bet, but also a towering, tumultuous folly. It's the movie equivalent of a prog-rock double album, short on humour, long on pomposity, and as for what it all means - you might well ask.
If Kubrick's 2001 got your juices flowing with its stunning, unexplained other-worldliness, this is a movie you could be mad for. Or it might be just a load of old tosh.
Oscar winners Rachel Weisz and Ellen Burstyn provide solid support. But what they're doing wasting their time in this junk is as unfathomable as the film itself.
Aronofsky's last effort, Requiem For A Dream, was a heartfelt film about drug addiction which I greatly admired. Here, alas, he addresses a big, metaphysical topic with pitiful naivety. And he goes on and on and on, with nothing interesting to say.
Science-fiction meets emotional fact. An intelligent, time-spanning love story that deserves the benefit of any doubt. Watch. And watch again.
If only all reputed turkeys gave us such a trip.
How can so much style, talent and money be squandered in the service of such blatant airheadedness?
There is a strange deadness in the film, together with a callow self-importance and self-pity which become more stultifying with every minute that passes.
Incoherent, pretentious and boring, Aronofsky's film appears as terminally stricken as its female lead. While a re-edit is unlikely to help, it may be better served on DVD, where its jigsaw-like structure can be more fully appreciated.
First, the good news: The Fountain is only 97 minutes long. Now the bad: that's 97 minutes of rampant metaphysical codswallop.
Lurches on a thin line between hyper-ornate space oddity and extended perfume advert.
At heart, this is a simple Zen fable about love and death. In execution, it's a complex and gorgeous mini-epic with sterling performances from its two stars.
Ambitious, beautifully shot and superbly acted, the all-out surrealness of The Fountain may be too much for some, but the rewards are there if you're prepared to surrender yourself to it.
I don't pretend to fully understand Darren Aronofsky's latest film, to unravel its knots of time and character, or its oozing realities. But at its core there is the unmistakable essay on the way love is cheated by death, just as death is cheated by love.
There is much to admire in the structure and execution of his filmmaking. Not many directors are willing to tackle such deep philosophical questions in a popularist entertainment. ... [But] I would have to rate it as a noble failure.
Hope may spring eternal, but this fountain is a dry hole.
Many will extract real meaning from the film; others will simply call its bluff and walk away empty headed.
Nothing works in Darren Aronofsky's disappointing science-fiction fantasy.
This is a movie anyone seeking a truly original experience at the cinema should partake in.
One of the year's best films, an emotionally honest drama steeped in love and loss.
It's more original than any mainstream or art film I've seen over the past few years.
beautiful but overreaching piece of cinematic poetry.
A cinematic poem. With a careful, artistic hand, it paints images, scenes, more meant to invoke a feeling. It's a matter of life and death.
"Let's end this," Tomas exclaims at the film's beginning. Too bad it takes another ninety five minutes to get the deed done.
The new Darren Aronofsky film, "The Fountain," is high-concept, metaphysical trash that shoots for the heavens--literally--but which likely will leave some wondering how they paid eight bucks to walk through the doors of hell.
If you're a movie lover who despairs that big-scale filmmaking today consists of little more than a self-cannibalizing system of clichés, then you need, badly, to see The Fountain, soon.
If one would simply switch on their inherent intellect, they'd see the truth behind the tricks -- that is, that The Fountain is an astonishing, evocative experience
If Aronofsky's just gone over my head, I'm prepared to live with that.
A cross between Stanley Kubrick's 2001 and Douglas Sirk's delicious 1954 soaper, Magnificent Obsession.
This is a terrifically stylish film that warrants multiple viewings to catch the director's subtleties of story and multi-layered meaning.
I will credit Aronofsky with creating a few very beautiful scenes in the movie. They would be lovely in a coffee table book, but serve no purpose in a film that elicits little compassion for its characters or understanding of its story.
Strange, sometimes unintelligible, and hard to follow at times, "The Fountain" is a psychedelic, gentle meditation on love and death.
Incredibly honest and emotional filmmaking that's not afraid to slip up in its pursuit of something beautiful.
The Fountain overflows with three centuries of gloom.
'The Fountain' is a stunning, elegant movie. I found it hypnotic and almost painfully beautiful.
The Fountain is the story of a gifted artist who dared to reach for the stars and paid for his ambition with a really stupid movie.
Lyrical and haunting, this film is a powerfully engaging examination of mortality and grief wrapped up in a sci-fi fantasy.
Even with Aronofsky's unrestrained indulgence, this is an intellectually and sometimes emotional stimulating experience.
Aronofsky has made a work that is completely his own -- one that exists in its own universe and is ultimately not much like anything else.
Mr. Aronofsky's outlook on life remains too constantly pessimistic for my taste, and too completely joyless as well.
Mystic pizza. Aronofsky is less interested in coherence than in creating New Age-ish cosmic images.
The movie has some beautiful and surreal images, but they deserve to be part of a deeper story. I didn't dislike this, but I didn't like it as much as I wanted to when I first saw the trailer.
You have to look back to Malick or Kubrick to find an American filmmaker offering up such a challenging vision to a mainstream audience without apology.
The Fountain may fill your cup as the year's most mystical movie experience. But I make no promises that you'll feel any younger.
Darren Aronofsky clearly didn't set out to make a usual movie...[The Fountain's] a story of overreaching that itself overreaches, but that might have been impossible to avoid.
This is one of the worst movies of the year.
Those who eschew mysticism and melodrama should still appreciate the beauty and humanistic appeal of 'The Fountain.'
The movie may have significant truths to impart, although I have my doubts, but it feels too inexperienced, too unworldly, to have earned the right to them.
Aspires toward the transcendence of Tarkovsky but is more likely to appeal to fans of Carlos Castaneda and peyote buttons.
The Fountain is extragalactic romantic claptrap.
Love it or hate it, I don't know how you could be bored by it.
... A picture of beauty and profundity.
This film can be understood on multiple levels, and can be misunderstood on multiple levels.
This magical, mystical and moving film is stunning to look at and Hugh Jackman's performance is one of the best of the year.
Simultaneously one of the most grandiose and most personal films to hit theaters this year, a film that goes halfway around the galaxy to hit you where you live.
As Izzie's story becomes Tommy's, it becomes familiar. She's both his end and his means, and so, at last, not quite herself.
What keeps "The Fountain" from being a really great film is that it's so heavily based on the visual and pretty effects ... the idea of a simply told story gets lost in the shuffle.
At once incredibly dense and disconcertedly simple, utterly over the top and sincerely down to earth, profoundly saddening and defiantly hopeful.
As the prophet Adam Ant once said, you may not like it now, but you will.
The whole thing is very Zen, and I don't mean that in a good way.
Whether Laughable Folly or Fool's Errand or (Possible) Head-Scratching, Noggin-Expanding Masterwork, there's never a moment where it's anything less than sincere.
... a beautiful, baffling, color-splattered science-fiction romance.
Most people will probably find it pretentious, or too vague, or boring, or even silly. But give it a chance.
A tagline has been affixed to the campaign -- 'What if you could live forever?' -- and it has a certain resonance, especially after seeing the film, which makes 96 minutes seem like eternity.
Anybody could see that Aronofsky was one of the few American filmmakers who saw the cinema past as a jumping-off point, not a toy store to plunder. His films were full of promise; and more, they delivered on their promises.
Uma fábula filosófica que pode ser encarada como filhote contemporâneo de obras como 2001 Uma Odisséia no Espaço, de Kubrick, e Solaris, de Tarkovsky.
I'm perfectly content to float with [Aronofsky] even if he doesn't solve the riddles of the universe.
It's borderline unwatchable.
The Fountain is "Love, Aronofsky Style:" it's his meditation on life and death - specifically, the mechanisms by which we cope (or don't) with loss...
Though not difficult to understand, Aronofsky takes too seriously the prescription that in movies you should showand not tell, resulting in meager character development.
The Fountain is a challenging film about humanity's mad struggle to find a cure for our condition, and Aronofsky is clearly a man on a spiritual journey.
Baffling yet strangely compelling...
It's that faith in [Aronofsky's] artistic vision -- a faith that's evident during every second of The Fountain -- that sustains the movie even when you have no idea what the hell is going down.
As deeply emotional and damnably frustrating as any work of pure individual vision must be.
Ambitious and unsatisfactory, The Fountain exists at an intriguing place between being nothing and something else.
A feature-length fortune cookie.
To dismiss this out of hand is to miss the overriding passion that Aronofsky pours into every frame of his wildly uneven but always watchable epic.
It's tough to kick a mewing kitten, even one this stupid and ugly.
The Fountain may be a deeply flawed film, but at least it is unlike anything else in mainstream theatres right now.
I can't stop thinking about it, a good indication that this beautiful, frustrating film is tapping into something I can't put my finger on.
It's a sprawling experiment in philosophical time travel and metaphysical noodling. And it's an earnest, magnificent wreck.
An intoxicatingly beautiful but painfully simplistic fable about love and death.
Guys like Darren Aronofsky give auteurs a bad name.
It's refreshing to be in the hands of a filmmaker with a unique vision, and a pleasure to be challenged by a film's flights of imagination.
Like the time traveler at its center, it's all over the map.
It's a spiritual journey about the timelessness of true love. And it's a journey better not taken.
The Fountain is [Aronofsky's] most accessible movie, romantic and almost straightforward until its finale.
It's an ambitious, passionate, grief-stricken work of film art.
Sitting through a foundering film can be miserable experience. It's particularly painful to see a talented director miss the mark.
For every flaw, though, the movie has a strength.
[The Fountain] doesn't make one lick of sense, and it doesn't seem to be about much of anything at all.
It's often maddening, because of its structure, and some of its visuals are pretentious nonsense. But, as a story of undying love, it's certainly unique.
As an act of creation, The Fountain is mostly about its creator. It is a reminder that obsessions are generally about the person obsessed and not the person obsessed about.
Despite Aronofsky's obviously earnest and heartfelt efforts, this would-be trippy fantasy about love and death is kookier and sillier than anything else.
Kubrick's ghost can rest soundly.
It's mostly for naught, because while the central relationship in The Fountain covers a lot of ground, it doesn't really go anywhere.
I know someone who told me the movie's central love story made her weep, but my tears had more to do with disappointment -- I've been a big Aronofsky fan.
Chances are you will love The Fountain. Or, you will absolutely hate it.
Exquisitely beautiful and almost unbearably sad... The Fountain is cinema as poetry; romance as revelation; science fiction as prayer.
Director-writer Darren Aronofsky could reasonably be described as ambitious, obsessive and gifted. It's just too bad about his taste.
The Fountain is every bit as visionary as Aronofsky's 1998 Pi and 2000's Requiem for a Dream, but this time the vision could be one of a third-grader on hallucinogens.
The Fountain is the most ambitious, rich, romantic and ridiculous film of the year, a movie that's both awe and giggle inspiring.
The Fountain is either innovative science fiction or overwrought melodrama; I can't quite pinpoint which. I realize I'm charged with reaching an opinion here, but it's not easy.
A ponderous movie rather than a profound one.
[The Fountain] doesn't make for smooth, comfortable viewing, but I'd much rather watch somebody shoot for the moon when the stakes are sky-high than sit back while they play it safe.
For the first time, I felt Aronofsky's reach for cosmic concepts exceeded his grasp.
If there were more Darren Aronofskys, the multiplex would be a stranger and better place. Flaws and all, The Fountain believes in itself more fervently than any other movie you may see this year -- so fervently it doesn't need an audience's faith.
The picture is visually intoxicating --- the images have a luminous psychedelic beauty --- and the film's themes emerge elegantly out of the story's intricately-looped tri-level structure.
The visions Aronofsky imparts, particularly in an ending that rivals 2001 for acid-flashback trippiness, make The Fountain a movie experience that can't be skipped.
An awesome work, dazzlingly inventive, constantly surprising, and told with a minimum of showbiz hoopla.
...eclectic director Darren Aronofsky makes The Fountain work. In a really weird way.
Hugely ambitious and visually commanding...the kind of artful, textured, defiantly non-mainstream gamble more filmmakers should be taking.
The story of Darren Aronofsky's ambitious sci-fi epic The Fountain spans a thousand years. The movie itself only seems that long.
sort of like a wild combination of 'The English Patient' and '2001: A Space Odyssey.' ...Although it's brave and beautiful, 'The Fountain' is always more impressive than it is truly touching.
Like Pi, Aronofsky's first feature, The Fountain combines spiritual mumbo jumbo with vaguely scientific concerns, only even more pretentiously this time.
A haunting and remarkable emotional journey that takes us places movies rarely dare to go.
The tastiest fruit [Aronofsky's] talent has come to bear may be mainly an eye-stimulating array of pretty pictures.
I was utterly absorbed in watching it, yet when it was over I had no idea what had happened.
I just like movies that bring The Crazy.
The Fountain is a giant step backwards into New Age nonsense.
Thank God a movie can still have a unique language. Film is such a powerful medium, and we're so familiar with all its tricks, somebody should be challenging its uses... Darren Aronofsky displays acute discipline.
It's Solaris by someone who can mimic the visual beauty of that work but cannot replicate the soul of the it.
The Fountain is masterful on so many unique levels, presenting a demanding filmgoing experience that should elicit a grand sense of awe on an emotional and spiritual level.
I'm all for a movie making us think, but I am worried Aronofsky, no matter how much I respect him as a director and writer, went a little too far with this one.
Aronofsky speeds back and forth across centuries with the virtuosity of '2001'-era Stanley Kubrick, and it's all you can do to hang on.
By the time it was finished I was drowning in tears, the emotional complexities of the denouement enough to leave me sitting in the theater stunned well after the credits had come to an end and the curtain had closed.
Though his movie is visually inventive, writer/director Darren Aronofsky has fashioned a ponderous, overblown, genre-bending mess.
interesting without being enthralling, pretty without being striking, and somber without being ominous
In an era in which even the so-called independent cinema chases formulas and is ruled by a cowardly herd instinct, you really have to admire Aronofsky's guts for making such a risky, uncompromising, spiritual-minded film.
In his third feature, Darren Aronofsky tries to replace the prose of narrative cinema with a poetic language of rhyming images and visual metaphors.
A little surrealism to advance the theme of the movie is brave; a lot of tedious navel-gazing is just selfish.
A metaphysical melodrama about the quest for eternal life, it makes a pretty decent case for euthanasia; here is what it's like to long for a swift, merciful end.
This would-be science-fiction epic is so overcrammed with ideas that it actually feels a bit shallow, unfocused and scattered.
For all the thunderous beauty on-screen, its profundities exist more in the concept than the execution.
[It is] an impressionistic film, with death as its muse, sticking out so confidently from the current crop of...well, anything.
With its whispered dialogue and funereal tone, The Fountain takes itself far too seriously. No one else will.
The Fountain is not an unmitigated disaster -- just a disappointment from an undeniably talented filmmaker.
Aronofsky's long-time-coming version of spiritual wonder is finally more mind-numbing than soul-stirring.
Even without all the bells and whistles, it still boils down to one love story worth seeing.
Next time around, it wouldn't be a terrible idea for Aronofsky to allow his characters the chance to smile.
The premise is lachrymose, the sets are clammy, and the metaphysics all wet. The screen is awash in spiraling nebulae and misty points of light, with the soundtrack supplying appropriately moist oohs and aahs.
The movie is structured like an orchestral piece, with three distinct themes that gradually come together in a movement that is powerful and beautiful.
A bravely nonlinear, noncommercial, and sadly noninteresting meditation on the desire to prolong youth and stave off death.
It's an incredibly ambitious film of sometimes thrilling visual achievement, but it didn't connect fully to my mind and nerves.
Technically, this is an impressive motion picture, but the fragmented story results in poor character development and Aronofsky's clinical approach limits identification.
Aronofsky's passion on this topic runs away with him so much that he neglects to make the characters connect in any meaningful way.
If there's a wavelength you can ride to feel touched and enlightened by The Fountain, it appears to have skipped my stop.
An artsy-fartsy disaster...a would-be film of ideas that runs dry of them very quickly.
A spiritual movie set in three centuries about death, the tree of life, the fountain of youth, and love that will not let us go.
One can easily appreciate the sheer vision, rich imagination and boldness of such a picture
"The Fountain" is his most brazen, beautiful and breathtaking yet, a work of spiritual gusto that might just be as close to a religious experience as one can experience in a movie theater.
It's as if Aronofsky was so consumed with the film's elaborately contrived aesthetics that he took no time for a little thing called character development.
I think I finally understand what George H.W. Bush meant by 'a thousand points of light.'
It's not as important to understand The Fountain as it is to absorb the experience.
Darren Aronofsky is a stylistically visionary director trapped by the limitations of his writing abilities. The Fountain works best as a high-concept sci-fi film with all of its seams showing.
Pretentious, preposterous and painfully bad, The Fountain is by far the worst film in an atrocious year. ... My wife thinks it's the worst movie that she has ever seen.
Audaciously spiritual and original - and just because you can't figure it out doesn't mean that there's not something interesting going on.
A pretentious, unfocused, and fussy mess, in which director Darren Aronofsky manages to make Hugh Jackman unattractive and unsympathetic.
In its own sappy way as daring and gonzo as Aronofsky's hyper-stylized trip down heroin lane, Requiem for a Dream.
Folly? Maybe. But a risk worth taking.
Do the secrets of life warrant such fancy cinematic footwork and symbolistic ambiguity? The justification lies in a world of visionary artistry and taut performance.
I've taken the same entheogens many times. But I never cried.
In its own quest to out-puzzle the conclusion of Kubrick's 2001, The Fountain will madden audiences' receptivity not for answers, but coherency.
Part historical fantasy, part lovers-separated-by-death weeper, part New Age fever dream, The Fountain isn't truly horrible, just very, very silly.
Darren Aronofsky's troubled and long-anticipated metaphysical project centering on the theme of man's quest for immortality finally emerges as too fevered and convoluted.
Though narratively flawed (first and third segments are truncated and difficult to follow), the film is more effective visually, asking the audience to succumb to Aronofsky's visionary world that takes full advantage of the medium's expressive qualities.
Pic's hippy trippy space odyssey-meets-contempo-weepy-meets-conquistador caper starring Hugh Jackman and Rachel Weisz suffers from a turgid script and bears all the signs of edit-suite triage to produce a still-incoherent 95 minutes.
Zardoz anyone?
It's one of those movies that I can see myself watching over and over again...with or without the aid of external stimulants.
Had this been the 'Sixties hippies would have watched it stoned . . .
The Fountain is beautiful, gripping and utterly transcendent. It's the best film of 2006.




@highlight

The Fountain -- a movie about metaphysics, universal patterns, Biblical symbolism, and boundless love spread across one thousand years -- is visually rich but suffers from its own unfocused ambitions.