It would take serious mystical abilities to breathe life into this formulaic effort.
... bravo Insidious, and - hopefully - goodbye.
Overall this is a predictable horror movie that relies on jump scares rather than mental darkness. Insidious may have run its course.
It borrows from other horror films to the point where it doesn't feel like there's any fresh content whatsoever.
For those who still appreciate being scared. [Full Review in Spanish]
While the Insidious series has given Shaye a rare moment in the spotlight, there's a sense in which Elise has been cursed by Hollywood's endless demand for sequels.
Character development makes the 'Insidious' franchise engaging.
The Insidious series has always felt like The Conjuring's weirder, cheaper sibling...
There is a good story at the heart of The Last Key, it's just not the one being told here.
But with everything, the film works. It knows what it does and does it well. [Full Review in Spanish]
A lot of the strengths of this movie comes from the performance by Lin Shaye as Elise. She's always good, but this film entirely focuses on her character, so she gets to shine a lot... and she really does.
I cannot think of a thing in this movie that actually scared me...nothing really built tension the way a good horror movie should.
The weakest of the Insidious movies...
A simple, weak plot. [Full Review in Spanish]
"The last key" repeats its predecessors tricks and shows that the franchise is exhausting itself. [Full review in Spanish]
In the end, this is a frustrating film, because Shaye is just so much better than everything going on around her.
Insidious: The Last Key manages to unlock some humanity and tragedy from a well-worn narrative and revive a meandering franchise while bringing it full circle.
Elise is a worthy hero, and a singular one, too.
With the charismatic Shaye turning in another excellent performance and leading the way through her murky family history, it's also an unexpectedly moving tale, exploring Elise's motivations for helping others.
Shaye is the saving grace of this franchise, but even she can't save this movie from the January curse.
The Last Key is not actively seeking to venture into political territory. The movie simply functions this way due to the accident of its release during this particular moment, but this reading affords the film a strong second life for curious audiences.
That's not to say that this newest bit of Blumhouse cinematic deviltry is a masterful, or even borderline competent, shock show. It is, however, by turns entertaining, incomprehensible, goofy, and even on occasion unnerving.
Insidious: The Last Key certainly doesn't rewrite the rules of the genre, but it's a solid entry in a franchise I thought would have run out of steam by now, and you can certainly do a lot worse when it comes to an early January release.
Oh, Lin Shaye. These movies don't deserve you.
After its promisingly tense opening, turns into narratively cluttered ghost story boilerplate.
Lin Shaye continues to offer the best performances in the horror genre and The Last Key rewards her with a bigger meatier role. Even though the film detracts during the climax, it's able to overcome it by having a strong story.
Lin Shaye's performance grows in complexity with each entry, and this is the most intimate introduction to the character to date, as effective for newcomers and series regulars alike.
This barely recommended effort doesn't offer much hope for the series' creative energy.
This fourth entry in this successful horror series is an example of diminishing returns; though the characters are still interesting, it's clear that less care and attention were given to this movie.
Mildly engaging, but lazy and inane with very few scares, little suspense, and no surprises. The charismatic Lin Shaye is its only asset. She deserves a far better screenplay.
Insidious: The Last Key isn't even enjoyable in a bad horror movie kind of way, because it is at no point fun.
The franchise's new entry gives the sage a sense of what was missing in Chapter 4. [Full review in Spanish]
"The Last Key is a mixed bag... at its worst when it indulges in the reliable franchise tropes and at its best when it strains at the boundaries of what you expect from an Insidious film."
Tiresome.
Insidious: The Last Key is a solid finale to the Insidious franchise that gives series lead Lin Shaye the chance to take a graceful final bow.
For a horror release in January, Last Key packs enough fun and scary moments - keep an eye out for the suitcase sequence - to keep audiences engaged.
Shaye is great. But how many times will dopes pay to see the same film?
So Insidious: The Last Key isn't the worst but it also clearly isn't the best, either.
The Insidious timeline is becoming so murky, even a scary ghost lurking behind a locked door in the basement might give up and say, "Time out! Am I even supposed to be in this particular story? Who am I haunting again, and what's my motivation?"
This horror series has run its course and needs to be put six feet under. (Full Content Review for Parents - Violence, Profanity, etc. - also Available)
It must be said that Blumhouse Productions knows its game well enough that even its lesser efforts will make you jump occasionally. And make no mistake, Insidious: The Last Key is one of its lesser efforts.
The Last Key is sufficiently creepy. But it's worthwhile mostly for the chance to see Shaye. It's a great turn for an actress with the prowess of someone who's not only been here before - she's earned her seat at the table of the genre.
Of course it has its share of a few creepy moments, but it is undoubtedly the most cliched and inconsequentially descriptive film of the lot. In the end, it simply exhausts you more than scaring the living daylights out of you.
In the end, Insidious: The Last Key is, unfortunately, an installment that only the most devoted fans will truly enjoy. We get a decent mystery, the occasional scare, and Lin Shaye doing her thing.
The fourth installment of Leigh Whannell's ghost-and-mediums horror series wraps up its own free-association illogic with an impenetrable tangle of woo-woo spirit-world mechanics and lingo.
This one is almost good.
Creepy beings streak by in the background of scenes, or loom up out of nowhere, solely because it's time for another BOO!
Making Lin Shaye carry these films is a task she's simply not up to.
With a mediocre first film, a promising sequel and a rock-bottom third, the latest movie is a flittering sign of hope because it manages to be mediocre rather than terrible.
If you've seen one "Insidious," you've seen them all.
Of the four Insidious films, only one has been any good and, although The Last Key may not be the worst of them, it's easily the most irrelevant and generic.
This may be above average for the series, but that's still only a C-plus.
The problem with Insidious: The Last Key is that it simply doesn't have the slightest enthusiasm to muster up something fresh for its fans.
This is what it looks like when a series has run out of ideas.
For franchise fans and haters, this more of the same - some decent scares, a couple of freak out moments and fun characters. It won't win over new fans, but won't disappoint.
Joins "Chapter 2" and "Chapter 3" as faint shadows of the superior original. If "Insidious" continues to stand as a gem of the horror genre, its successors have never quite been able to capture that same macabre magic.
Four films into the series, the layout of the spirit realm has become too familiar, a soundstage of fog machines and grotesquerie that Robitel and Whannell haven't populated with any fresh shocks.
A clumsy and internally confused sequel ... offers strictly mechanical jolts.
"Insidious: The Last Gasp" might have been a more appropriate title for the fourth and potentially final entry in this lucrative, once-diverting property.
Old horror franchises don't die, they unspool tepid, uninspired sequels in perpetuity. And with the fourth chapter, "Insidious: The Last Key," this saga is on a familiar path.
May satisfy the most undemanding fans of the franchise by fleshing out Elise Rainier's backstory, but on its own it's just a mediocre haunted house movie...more tedious than frightening.
While it's hardly the best film of its franchise, it will do the trick until something scarier comes along.
Here, new director Adam Robitel and series writer/star Leigh Whannel fine-tune the art of the jump-scare by strategically executing the jolts microseconds before or after we expect them.
The execution can be a bit clumsy, especially the attempts at comic relief by Elise's assistants, the swaggering Tucker (Angus Sampson) and nerdy Specks (Whannell himself).
Even Shaye's always-welcome presence can't disguise how little meat there is left on this bone.
In the end, it's left to Shaye to carry the film, and she does so with aplomb. The "Insidious" franchise may be running out of places to go, but Shaye appears to be just getting started.
Robitel and Whannel are still too bound to the franchise here to make something truly original, but The Last Key will make you grip your armrest.
The fourth film in the Insidious franchise, directed by Adam Robitel, is lazy and sometimes even loathsome.
One hour and 47 minutes of cheap jump scares and dull grinding of gears.
The experiment of granting Elise front and center attention has worn thin despite reliable performances from Lin Shaye
Whannell struggles to come up with a reason why he's scripting the fourth installment of a series that only really worked once, eight years ago.
Insidious: The Last Key may be the strongest Elise story since the original, as it has the luxury of focusing on Elise rather than bending over backwards to explain how she's still in the movie.
Sporting an emotional connection and narratively complexity that's new to the franchise, Insidious: The Last Key is entertaining and effective.
While not horrible, [it] feels like such a wasted opportunity to end on a high note rather than merely petering away.
Though not a terrible film, Insidious: The Last Key fails to live up to the franchise's high standards.
It is more than standard horror movie fare. It is, at its core, a metaphor for abuse-how it can haunt us, how it never really goes away.
While director Adam Robitel's prequel is the best follow-up in the franchise, it also doesn't do much to make itself genuinely memorable.
Yet "The Last Key" can't shake the ghosts of inevitability, and as Wan continues to flesh out his other horror universe, "The Conjuring," it's no surprise that his less substantial series is winding down.
As has been the case since the first film, this one centers on shock cuts and sudden appearances of figures in the shadows. While the franchise's technical overkill may have mellowed over time, the delivery of the boos remains cheap and arbitrary.
The Last Key may be somewhat engaging but it's also sloppy and doesn't amount to much, when all is said and done, except maybe - and only maybe - to insidiously (ha!) lay the foundation for a new addition to this franchise in the future.
"The Last Key" is wildly uneven, confused and confusing, and it appears to leave the "Insidious" saga written into a corner yet again.
Director Adam Robitel and editor Timothy Alverson have fun with the mechanics of the PG-13 jump-scare; in one show-stopping scene in particular, they make you wait for it, and wait for it, and it's all the more satisfying when it finally comes.
The computer-generated demons ... prove no match for the tangible reality of an abusive father with a murderous temper.
I could not have asked for a better vehicle for Lin Shaye and her cinematic counterpart Elise Rainier to come full circle than Insidious: The Last Key.
Though skillfully directed, Insidious: The Last Key isn't as good as previous entries. Scares come hard and fast, but they're underserved by a paper-thin plot and characters.
The fourth installment of the "Insidious" series has deft scares and some nifty twists, all of which don't entirely distract from how strangely inconsequential "The Last Key" ultimately feels.
You get a whiff of the film that might have been, one closer in spirit to domestic tragedy. But there are creepy monsters with keys for fingers to bring into the plot. Hard-core fans get the loud noises they came for, but true fear vaporizes.

@highlight

Insidious: The Last Key offers franchise star Lin Shaye another welcome opportunity to take the lead, but her efforts aren't enough to rescue this uninspired sequel.