If you weren't particularly enamored with the first one, chances are this isn't gonna change your opinion on the Madagascar cast
Kids will love the wisecracking penguins, industrious monkeys and feisty, survivalist grandma, who packs quite a wallop with her handbag.
Doesn't mess with a good thing. That means many prankish penguins, loony lemurs and that "move it, move it" song, all over again.
In a post WALL-E world, it's hard not to be slightly underwhelmed by Madagascar: Escape 2 Africa.
Two stripes and you're out!
I am no great fan of sequels, and am especially suspicious of movies that try to cross-over between adult and child audiences. But this one won me over early on.
Energetic, fast-paced, and pumped full of zany humor...sure to entertain the younguns and be fairly painless for their guardians. [Blu-ray]
There's amusement in this jungle jumble but "Happy Feet" left me happier.
The characters seem better developed this time and the story lines are stronger.
...relies more heavily than ever on friendship, love, and family relationships. Who can complain about that?
den eihe kamia idiaiteri istoria na proekteinei, oyte apaitiseis kanenos fan base na ikanopoiisei, opote logika, den prospathei na kanei tipote ap' ta dyo
Definitely a step down from the first one, but you should not let that stop you from seeing a film with great humor and animation.
Duplicates the original's inoffensive, middle of the road mediocrity.
Punches its key themes of friendship, togetherness and family amid a hyperactive swirl of jokes, musical numbers and physical gags.
The pop culture references, the dance numbers and the in-jokes we enjoyed in the first film are here for parents and kids alike, as is the irreverent humour.
The animation is as breathtakingly beautiful as before and if anything, the sequel is funnier and sharper than the original thanks to a witty screenplay.
Among the Looney Tuniest of recent computer-animated features -- the anatomy-distorting slapstick, wacky wordplay and surreal throwaway gags are nonstop.
It's a very handsome production, and a pretty funny one, too, which will keep audiences of all ages -- except perhaps the most cynical -- thoroughly entertained.
Whatever else I felt about the movie, this is good animation. The colours are extraordinary, the backgrounds stunning.
[Sua] irreverência só (surge) realmente quando os personagens secundários seqüestram a história.
It that has all the strengths of the original. It also has all of the weaknesses
A pleasing and pretty enough re-run, just that bit diminished.
This is one of those rare occasions where the sequel is better than the original - but only by a whisker.
Not quite on a par with the original but not bad as sequels go.
Eric Darnell and Tom McGrath's exhilarating cartoon is a medley of comic humiliations as the sophisticated New Yorkers fail to cut the mustard in the real wild. The Heath Robinson invention will delight adults. The ironies will thrill kids. Great fun.
This much-anticipated sequel is a frankly disappointing piece of opportunism, with a non-plot which shamelessly rips off The Lion King.
Its overall tone is cheerful, amiable and kid-friendly - and in these straitened times, one learns to be grateful for small mercies.
Give thanks for a sequel that defies the law of diminishing returns and provides a belly-full of laughs along the way.
Everything that worked about the first Madagascar, plus a lot that didn't. The zebra prattles and the giraffe whines, but when the lemur blows raspberries or sings 'Private Dancer', giggles all round.
It's for children, rather than families. Adults can safely avoid.
This crackingly entertaining sequel is great fun, blending beautiful animation with genuinely funny jokes. In truth it tries to pack in a sub-plot too far, but what the heck - this is great entertainment.
Repeating a winning formula is fine because writing/directing duo Eric Darnell and Tom McGrath have dreamed up a story that allows these loveable characters to develop in a fun way.
The same as Madagascar 1 only louder and longer. Zoo animals escape into the wild. The only one you would want to spend time with is Sacha Baron Cohen's lemur, and even then only if you could bring your own script.
The visual invention and draughtsmanship are mightily impressive; a shame the drama's a bit of a bore.
The biggest draw here isn't the sub-sitcom schtick but the super-hi-definition CGI panoramas - make sure you see this in Imax, where your eyeballs have enough room to roam over the impressive wide vista bits.
Stiller has an ear for mainstream projects that keep a few steps ahead of the crowd, like Meet the Parents and Tropic Thunder. Escape 2 Africa is tame by comparison but it never treats us like dumb animals.
Average sequel with a handful of great gags but the story is weak, the main characters are annoying and the best characters (the penguins) are largely under-used.
More complete and satisfying than the original, this fun-filled sequel springboards its endearing animal characters into another hilarious and colourful hair-raising adventure all the family will love.
True, if you're not into cute kitten calendars you'll probably throw up, but who can resist soft fur?
Barring direct-to-DVD Disney sequels, the first Madagascar was one of the worst animated flicks of all time. The bad news is Escape 2 Africa reunites the same cast and directors that made the first DreamWorks flick such a turkey.
Little more than a greatest-hits rehash of the first movie.
Whenever the penguins pop up for their welcome routine, the movie takes flight.
Rarely do we get to truly celebrate a movie's second time around. We should this one, though. The filmmakers really move it, move it to the next level of joyous entertainment.
Stronger animation and a textured story make this even more entertaining than the original
Fans of the original will find plenty to love in the sequel (including 40% more covert penguin action).
A trip to Madagascar is better the second time around.
The film relies on rapid-fire gags that will amuse most adults, and cute antics that will satisfy the little ones.
They did another one, and probably better than the original, but I'm simply tolerant.
Nothing to phone home about.
Fans of the 2005 original will find this sequel more of the same. So will the original's detractors -- it was lousy then and it's lousy now.
If it feels routine and workmanlike, at least it goes about its work with a spring in its step and a smile on its face.
Can't quite make it to the front of the pride. The animation is fine; a lot of the lines are snappy; there are a few nicely absurd situations. But each main character gets a semi-intriguing subplot that isn't developed, then disappears. The pace hobbles.
The upside, I suppose, is that we'll all forget about it in a few weeks.
Except for the moronic title (Madagascar is part of Africa, so it's not much of an escape, is it?), the sequel is more enjoyable than the original.
Fun for kids but not very funny for adults
Somewhat better than the original, a film which it is mainly content to clone shamelessly.
The penguins steal the show, providing all the real highlights.
The sequel, Madagascar: Escape 2 Africa, is a better film, though -- less manic, more easygoing.
This is great. I loved it.
This is a really funny movie.
There aren't very many alternatives right at this moment, so expect it to make money out of proportion with its quality.
[S]o gorgeous... that it took me a while to realize that the heart and the soul of the first Madagascar, the aspect that made it so special, is missing here...
'Madagascar: Escape 2 Africa" gets back its roots ... at least, the animals do.
Although the animated characters are sometimes fun to watch here, they're not given much of a story to work with. Musical numbers would've helped.
It's filled with silly slapstick and scattered plotlines but it should satisfy kids who have been eagerly anticipating this sequel.
Madagascar: Escape 2 Africa is better-looking, funnier, and has a better story [than the original].
In Alex the Lion and Marty the Zebra, we finally have the first unabashedly gay characters in a major Hollywood animated feature.
Sequel is fun but doesn't break any new ground.
There are a few laughs, courtesy of King Julien, a self-aggrandizing lemur who comes off as a pint-sized parody of Dubya. But this isn't a movie concerned with engaging hearts and minds so much as bombarding the ears with Top 40 sing-alongs.
The movie is not painful to sit through, but it lacks standout moments like the first one had.
"It's strictly for tots, who should enjoy it. As for those adults in attendance, there are worse ways to spend your time at the movies."
Madagascar's flock of Mafioso penguins will crack you up. Not much else will.
With so many characters to cram in and not much for many of them to do, Escape 2 Africa ends up a choppy, episodic affair.
[There's] an awful lot of character development in an 89-minute movie, let alone one that also has to entertain kids. That it succeeds on both counts is yet another reason Escape 2 Africa is an impressive kids' film.
Kids will undoubtedly love it. And thanks to those undercurrents of nihilist hilarity, adults can have fun, too.
A decent-enough sequel that will satisfy fans without unduly bothering Oscar animation voters.
A by-the-numbers follow-up to the highly successful 2005 feature that was no great shakes to begin with.
Whenever we move away from their scenes -- sharp and quickly edited -- the film slows a bit. Whenever we skip to one of the main characters learning yet another life lesson, the fun begins to fade.
One reason to lament the existence of Madagascar: Escape 2 Africa is too bemoan the considerable amount of talent that was tied up developing this uninspired sequel when it could have been employed in the service of something fresh and new.
Boasting talented voice actors and characters already beloved by the audience, Madagascar: Escape 2 Africa still only adds up to middling.
The animation is sharp, and whenever things start to get confusing, a penguin or lemur comes onscreen and does something really funny.
Happily, Madagascar: Escape 2 Africa is a worthy follow-up that builds on its predecessor's successes and adds to them.
Escape is a big improvement on its predecessor.
Unfortunately, for all the stuff that works well in Madagascar 2, the movie suffers from a serious case of unoriginality.
The roots are shallow, but the sequel is good-natured, high-spirited and perfectly enjoyable if you take it for what it is.
Fans of the first Madagascar will find much to enjoy in Escape 2 Africa.
It has everything Madagascar had three years ago, but also two things the original was woefully lacking: a good yarn and genuine yuks.
Surprise, surprise, Madagascar: Escape 2 Africa is the rare sequel that is better than the original.
Unlike most sequels, Madagascar 2 is actually funnier -- and better -- than the original.
While Madagascar: Escape 2 Africa may offer hope to inter-species romance enthusiasts, for most adults it will simply serve as a way to keep the kids occupied.
To be fair, the film is not horrible nor is it completely unwatchable. But it is mediocre.
Emotionally and visually richer than its 2005 original.
It's bad enough when sequels repeat the plot of their original movie. But it's serious chutzpah when the sequel cribs key plot points of another movie, as Madagascar: Escape 2 Africa does with The Lion King.
Lessons about family loyalty, tolerance, ingenuity, and sacrifice add depth to the screenplay by Etan Cohen and directors Eric Darnell and Tom McGrath.
If you own a TV, you will have heard the best laughs excerpted in unrelenting commercials leading up to the movie's release.
A film whose blend of madcap exploits and generosity makes it both hilarious and endearing.
While all of these animated kids flicks are starting to run together, Madagascar 2 actually is a worthy sequel and is saved by the hilarious use of the penguin characters.
It is the wayward penguins who are the heart and soul of the picture. Why else did they score so much screen time in the trailers?
Madagascar 2 is an overstuffed, unfunny adventure that adds nothing but length to the franchise's running time and, ultimately, disappoints as both a sequel and a standalone film.
The first Madagascar was surprisingly enjoyable, thanks to high energy and playfully dark material, but the returning writing-directing crew doesn't seem nearly as invested this time around.
Sitcom-like sequel to the 2005 movie about clueless New York zoo animals bungling in the jungle, this story about a lion king is no Lion King but a perfectly funny diversion that improves on the original. And the penguins are still psychotic.
A hodgepodge, combining elements of The Lion King, Joe vs. the Volcano, Happy Feet and some romantic comedy that I'm sure must exist but which I haven't yet identified.
Definitely not a film for the ages, and you might not even remember it by the end of the year, but as it is, it's a reasonably pleasant, amusing and diverting bit of animation.
Madagascar: Escape 2 Africa repeats all the gags from the first film ... but lacks enough new material to warrant another rumble in the jungle.
All shtick and repetition, something the little ones may find entertaining, but something that will drive parents 2 boredom, 2 another theater, or 2 ask for their money back.
Parental Content Review
Madagascar: Escape 2 Africa is a worthy, if inconsequential, sequel to its 2005 forerunner. While still high on laughs, this revisit throws in a lot more "drama," diluting some of the fun factor that drove the original.
Animation holds everything together with aplomb, injecting the whirlwind picture with plenty of attitude and jokes.
It pales so badly in comparison to the first Madagascar that they might as well have hired D.L. Hughley and Jim Belushi to replace Chris Rock and Ben Stiller
All of which makes the movie a worthwhile effort and better picture than its predecessor. I had a blast watching it, as did every single one of the kids in the audience sitting there with me.
It's still primarily the supporting cast that's funny, not the leads -- but hey, if Dreamworks were capable of doing everything right it would have to change its name to Pixar.
Perhaps having already gone back 2 Africa in this tired sequel, the inevitable third time around will inspire the filmmakers to go back 2 the drawing board instead.
The rare sequel that improves on the original, "Madagascar 2" keeps the silliness and steps up the heart.
This mediocre sequel to the 2005 DreamWorks Animation hit doesn't offer much to engage minds that have moved beyond coloring books.
This is a big screen experience so kid-oriented it should come with a pacifier and a selection of Huggies.
There's a generally more diverting entertainment waddling along the edges of Madagascar: Escape 2 Africa than the larger one lollygagging on screen.
I am tired of the same story lines in animated films. Be unique, not part of the herd. Be yourself and your Daddy will eventually be proud of you. Monkeys and penguins can fix planes with spit...Ok, that one is new.
Though it doesn't add anything new to the genre, Madagascar 2 is amusing animated fare.
The four-year olds out their will love the funny animals, music and flashy animation. Unfortunately, I am not a four-year old....
... rapid-fire comedy and energetic parade of sight gags, delivered with visual invention and whiplash timing...
This is an inferior sequel, but one which still contains plenty of laughs.
The nonsensical title is the least of its problems--how, exactly, are the characters escaping to Africa if the place they begin is technically a part of Africa?
There's not enough of the first movie's super-erudite monkeys. Yet the sitcom-style silliness is still there.
Madagascar: Escape 2 Africa extends what Madagascar did best: fill up the screen with computer-generated visual novelty.
Take the flat tire that was Madagascar. Retread it with The Lion King storyline. Pump it up with air. Now you have Madagascar: Escape 2 Africa.
The militaristic flightless fowl four returns in Africa, and, no shock here, the penguins steal the movie yet again with their resolute antics.
The jokes fly by at a Shrek-ish rate, and a some are even funny.
Directors Darnell and McGrath's follow-up would undoubtedly have benefited from more innovation or daring, but its vibrant animation and innocuously rollicking comedy remains endearing
Typical tale of self-discovery, punctuated by genuine hilarity and top-flight animation.
This is a brighter, more engaging film than the original Madagascar.
There is one unassailable asset here that seals the deal: it brings back those penguins
Although there are some inspired bits, too often the movie takes what worked well in small doses in the original and beats them to death in the sequel.
This sequel not only outshines its predecessor, it left me looking forward to #3.
An animated comedy about Alex the lion and his three buddies that is a total lark.
I find it endearing that the Madagascar movies spend most of their time chronicling failure.
Totally, depressingly average, Africa is so irrelevant and uninspiring it practically rolls its eyes at itself.
Feels rushed and disjointed, like the filmmakers didn't have a good reason for a sequel and just threw in every little thing they could think of.
Color me pleasantly surprised by Madagascar 2, a film that is far superior to the original in every way.
The animation shows glossy improvement from the original Madagascar, with nature and the neo-natural animals even more detailed than ever. But the knock on Dreamworks' animation style -- that it's entirely too talky -- rings true here.
Madagascar: Escape 2 Africa is pretty tame, but it knows how to keep its own turf tidy.
You can't fault DreamWorks for including what Disney's animated tales conspicuously leave out -- gags pitched at adults. Plus, the CGI has improved since the first film, with animal fur being ruffled in all the right places.
Looks marvelous--the animation really is superb--but it's not even up to the standard of the initial installment in any other significant respect.
Funniest movie of '08? Close enough, for those who don't mind monkeying around.
Creatively a notch above the original without sacrificing any of the charm that made these characters so memorable in the first place.
Easily entertained children will probably be amused enough by Madagascar: Escape 2 Africa, but their parents may find themselves growing restless at this overly fussy, shticky movie and will no doubt look forward to an Escape 2 the Lobby.
I found myself feeling a sense of enjoyment rather than the dread I expected.
The sequel to DreamWorks' computer-animated family hit Madagascar offers more drama and a lot more animals but fewer laughs and not quite as much fun as the colourful summer 2005 original.
Cartoons can get away with being serviceable and skillful without much creativity since they have an endlessly renewing audience. Mad 2 surfs along on such waves, entertaining youngsters while mildly amusing adults.
A notable improvement on its predecessor in every department.



@highlight

Madagascar: Escape 2 Africa is an improvement on the original, with more fleshed-out characters, crisper animation and more consistent humor.