Tyler Perry means well, but there is no denying that all of this would work far better on daytime television.
The dysfunctional script and operatically excessive direction ... land someplace closer to outsider art than bad moviedom.
All the while Madea's wit, which is refreshing on the stage, feels spurious and often misfires.
If there's one thing that Reunion doesn't lack, it's good intentions. Unfortunately, good intentions don't automatically guarantee a good movie.
A Tyler Perry tour de force!
Although his work isn't high art and is occasionally problematic, he's telling stories that aren't often told. And for that, this black woman can't be too mad at him.
While not nearly as offensive or dim-witted as Diary, this one's still a gigantic mess.
It's interesting that nobody ever connects the dots between Madea's frequent corporal punishment of children (which is presented as instructive comedy) and the abusive grownups who function as Perry's villains.
Nothing that happens seems the least bit believable, and everything is brash and loud. All that's missing is the laugh track.
Perry's vaudevillian shamelessness and indifference to committee-approved taste are energizing and frequently jaw-dropping.
Tyler Perry's heart is in the right place, but he still has a tin ear.
Though she's its major draw, Madea actually appears in less than a quarter of the movie, and when she is onscreen she seems a shadow of her former self.
At times it feels as if Perry made three separate films, dumped them in a blender and hit the puree button.
Perry is a shameless panderer and his movie is cliché-ridden, rudimentary, completely unfocused and about as subtle as a wind-breaking contest in church.
Let's not sell Tyler Perry short. As the vinegar-witted Madea, he's a drag performer of testy charm, but in his overlit patchwork way he's also making the most primal women's pictures since Joan Crawford flexed her shoulder pads.
Though Perry's films are hard to defend on aesthetic grounds -- the crazy shifts in tone from operatic melodrama to broad comedy could cause seizures -- it's equally hard to begrudge the underserved audiences who embrace them so passionately.
Tyler Perry still hasn't found the formula for combining comedy and drama
Both of the villains are so far over the top they should be in the summer Olympics.
Is "Madea" a postive move? You bet. Positively insulting to anyone who's graduated middle school and read at least one book since.
The spousal abuse storyline might have some gravity if the movie didn't simultaneously make a joke of child abuse.
That's the most offensive thing about Madea: the way it pretends to deal with difficult problems -- child abuse, rape, spousal abuse -- and then offers simplistic answers.
Family Reunion doesn't know if it wants to be a comedy or a drama and ends up as mostly a melodrama with scenes that would be embarrassing on a soap opera.
This movie's trailers promise a slapstick comedy about an obese black woman who takes no guff and enjoys beating people up. It isn't exactly, and that's a disappointment.
Goodwilled? Sure. Good filmmaking? Lord no.
Too bad the story is so predictable and the big wedding scene, in which women dressed as angels dangle from the church ceiling strumming harps, is cornier than an Orville Redenbacher factory.
Like horror flicks or family films, Tyler Perry's Madea movies -- based on his enormously successful plays -- are a genre unto themselves, which means one thing: Either you are going to see them or you are not, and no review will change your mind.
Madea's Family Reunion does an amateur job of addressing valid issues of love, faith and independence.
Brimming with cliches, Madea, like Diary, has an undeniable appeal, for those who can stick with it, in its earnest and unfashionable conviction.
A generally enjoyable mess.
Some parts of Tyler Perry's new movie are better than others -- and all of it is better than Diary of a Mad Black Woman, his last one.
This happy mash-up of romance, drama, low comedy and high drama works because it is all tied together by Perry's open-hearted conviction.
It's possible to admire the message and the messenger but not the cinematic vehicle.
Better than its predecessor, but only in the same way that the bomb on Nagasaki was better than the one on Hiroshima.
If Tyler Perry worked in construction, he'd use a sledgehammer when a tack hammer would get the job done. At least that's the impression given by his didactic film.
"Trapped in the closet" fittingly describes Tyler Perry's lurid melodrama, in which characters repeatedly stumble onto others' dark secrets during living room chats.
The Madea franchise is premised on her excessive characterization, and audiences love the character. Still, she can be repetitive, and this film is unevenly paced and predictable.
Reunion plays like some dizzy-minded daytime drama that's complete with transparent pesky personalities wrapped up in a numb sermonizing of faith and fruitless frolic.
Madea is one extended, brutal soap opera, stacked with mediocre actors in an endless "smell the fart" acting contest (Lynn Whitfield wins), and kills any chance for important messages to be taken seriously.
Anyone curious about all the fuss surrounding Perry is advised to track down a DVD of one of his stage productions; Madea, his big mama, is not working on the big screen.
For his revolutionist's passion and for allowing Tyson to once again fill the screen with her glory, Tyler Perry is my new hero.
The heavily melodramatic tone that predominates throughout much of the pic could have used more leavening with comic relief.
[The film is] too long and its tone is disconcertingly uneven, but Perry never betrays or condescends to his characters: He agonizes with their unhappiness and rejoices in their victories.
If you liked it before you will like it here. If, on the other hand, you find these trite recitations of overwrought stereotypes tiresome, you've probably already avoided the previous movie and the plays and should continue doing so.
There's a ragged road-show texture to Madea's Family Reunion, which, along with the rest of the movie, would be easy to dismiss if one didn't suspect that it might be calculated.
I'm just not on the guest list.
Perry has a heart as big as Madea's so, as the writer-director, he ensures his movie has the right sentiments.
Madea is meant to be a communal experience. But a critic's job isn't to judge how a movie plays in an ideal viewing. It's to look at the movie. Madea is dismal.
No question, Tyler Perry knows what he's doing, and he's doing it better with each movie.
Domestic violence, incest and greed are some of the issues that boil over in this sweet and sour comedy that adheres to theatrical guidelines that are seldom politically correct.








@highlight

Tyler Perry's Madea's Family Reunion is sincere in its positive intentions, but leaves something to be desired as a film.