Utterly impossible and hapless.
I don't do thumbs, stars or fruits or vegetables so I will just say that this film flatlines.
Its core values are undermined by some amateur-hour acting, poor production values, and director Harold Cronk ensures it's all as subtle as being whacked over the head with a King James Bible.
The script's focus jumps among several characters, some carried over from the previous film, but its methods of characterization remain constant.
Under the guise of well-meaning moralizing, "God's Not Dead 2" little by little reveals an ugly and distasteful hidden agenda, one that self-righteously goes against the movie's alleged messages of acceptance and religious freedom.
Another orgy of delusion and martyrdom that stretches the truth about evangelical Christianity...
To call God's Not Dead 2 "bad" would be doing this abomination of a movie a disservice. It is not only a bad movie, but in fact it's more than that.
Shot in holy high-definition, with lots of histrionic crane shots that swoop down like angels from on high and a score that batters the audience into observance, this is a film that will work best when preaching to the converted.
The almighty may not be dead, but Nietzsche is rolling in his grave.
Do they show good movies in hell?
These films have a catastrophically low regard for the intellectual abilities of the people in their target market.
Courtroom dramas are notorious for long-winded speeches and preachy content, but God's Not Dead 2 has an especially nasty habit of using lengthy speeches for tedious exposition. It often feels like you're watching someone read an op-ed piece to you.
God's not dead, but he might have a stroke if he sees this film. [Full review in Spanish]
This is essentially 'Reefer Madness' for paranoid fundamentalists.
Still not dead to the faithful, who are almost as angry at nonbelievers as they were in the first film.
So woefully misguided, so self-aggrandizing, that it becomes the antithesis of the values of the man it wishes to defend.
It is aimed squarely at the heart of the Christian base, and for this group it will be manna from Heaven.
The sequel to the faith-based hit loses its heart under several layers of hot-topic opportunism
God's Not Dead 2 isn't interested in a balanced discussion, and instead plays out in a tedious, cheesy, and frankly infuriating manner.
If any movie treated Christians as badly as God's Not Dead 2 treated atheists, then Christians would be entirely justified in making another God's Not Dead movie about it.
From its lecture on the conservative canard that separation of church and state is a myth on down, God's Not Dead 2 is a movie for Ralph Reed's Moral Majority, with all the entangled political baggage that comes with it.
A torturous exercise in one-note proselytizing.
This is a movie custom made for people who became outraged when Starbucks made their Christmas coffee cups red.
The audience is encouraged to assume that the widespread persecution of all Christians is at hand. In Arkansas.
God's Not Dead 2 isn't a debate, it's a pep rally. Nobody rooting for the other team need pay attention.
Strong acting can't redeem heavy-handed drama.
God may not be dead, but it's not for this movie's lack of trying.
The one-dimensional, nearly cartoonish antagonists and the fact that there's never any shade of doubt about what verdict the jury will deliver means the dramatic suspense remains flat. (Full Content Review for Parents Also Available)
Just because 'God's Not Dead 2' isn't as lip-smackingly insane as 'God's Not Dead 1' doesn't mean you should let down your guard.
"God's Not Dead 2" is filled with a sense of paranoiac persecution and seething resentment towards secular public schools, the ACLU, government interference and those who don't care for "Duck Dynasty."
God's Not Dead 2 is a much better movie than God's Not Dead, but that's a bit like saying a glass of milk left on the table hasn't curdled and is merely sour.
Don't hate God's Not Dead 2 because of its themes and faith. Hate it for being a stupid, horribly made movie.
Ray Wise, as a scenery-chomping, Christian-hating, borderline-demonic representative of the hated ACLU, [was] undoubtedly cast based on his performance as Satan on the TV show Reaper.
Realistic and emotional moments that many in the world are experiencing every day.
The agenda here is front and center from start to finish, and while the actors do a yeoman's job in presenting their characters with aplomb, the entire film simply comes off as a two-hour, jazzed-up movie version of a sermon.
A commendable drama that, despite some flaws, raises serious questions about religious prosecution and political correctness.

@highlight

Every bit the proselytizing lecture promised by its title, God's Not Dead 2 preaches ham-fistedly to its paranoid conservative choir.