Throughout, it's unclear what Captain Fantastic is trying to tell us, still less what it's trying to say.
[Viggo Mortensen] saves almost anything. [Full review in Spanish]
While the spirit of the movie is admirable, the constant tirades by the Cash family against typical society grow repetitive and lose their impact as a result, even as a device to show the difficulties in processing grief.
The community seems to crack between the contradictions of the anarchist and some youthful desire... [Full review in Spanish]
It has charm but it's hard to believe in a man of such diverse talents, while the laboured eccentricities madden as much as entertain.
Captain Fantastic wants to be a heart-warming look at an unusual family unit that extols the virtues of self-reliance, but instead it's a creepy case study of how a domineering father controls and limits his children.
It's only a recommendation to note that a movie stays with you after its running time has ended.
Captain Fantastic stands out as a film about being honest -- about mental illness, about religion and education, about politics and sex. It's brilliant.
The mood shifts constantly, so that at any given moment the family's lifestyle seems either ideal or like a mild form of child abuse.
The script is deeply nuanced and moving, and all the performances beautifully understated. The gorgeous cinematography is second only to the glorious scenery.
Matt Ross's heartfelt tribute to some of the better (and some of the worse) elements of the whole hippie "Stick it to the Man" mentality has both a heart and a brain - a rarity in movies these days.
The caricature of self-righteous leftism on display here is spot on, and Captain Fantastic walks a fine line between seeing the good faith in Ben's Thoreau-like beliefs and acknowledging the rather authoritarian way in which he pushes them on his kids.
An unusual film that oscillates between a road movie and the chronicle of a family that beats in its terrain any alien domesticity and that concludes like a very preNobel homage to Bob Dylan. [Full review in Spanish]
What appears to be a brutal critique of the capitalist way of life ends up being in reality a critique of left Utopias. [Full review in Spanish]
Matt Ross has crafted a truly fantastic tale of the joy of living in the wild while physically training and home schooling a brood of children, far from the madding crowd.
Films want you to root for the guy with the alternative lifestyle or the radical take on the world, thumbing his nose at the stuffed shirts. Captain Fantastic isn't so sure.
Under the Sundance-ian stylings -- "Little Miss Sunshine Goes prepper!" -- there's a whiff of mold to this script.
Plays around with a lot of big words and famous leftist names, but it's strictly an affectation .
Fantastic, indeed.
When given the opportunity, Viggo Mortensen convincingly meshes roles as concerned father and wilderness commando into a richly layered, organically driven performance.
There are many tonal plates being spun here; the lack of a deafening crash is impressive. It comes down, you suspect, to the film's embrace of its own contradictions.
With good doses of humor Ross leads this warm road movie to a good destination. It shows how the utopia of an egalitarian coexistence outside of civilization remains stimulating but to some extent unrealizable. [Full review in Spanish]
Captain Fantastic would be excellent if it wasn't for a badly made, out-of-place finale. ... Otherwise, this offbeat drama ... is provocative, witty, unusual and original.
An emotionally strong, heartfelt film written and very well-directed by Matt Ross, who fills the running time with plenty of colour and conflict.
A Utopian fable that celebrates the importance of family ties with a gentle, intelligent and witty mood. [Full review in Spanish]
It's Little Miss Sunshine for Bernie Sanders fans.
The film poses questions, leaving the answers for us to figure out. But one thing is for certain, the most compelling part of Captain Fantastic is the skipper himself.
A light but deep enough story that can ideally call to the dialogue arisen from the contradiction, with all the Marxist and dialectic that it sounds. [Full review in Spanish]
A film with a promising premise treated with warmth, which ends up being frustrating. [Full review in Spanish]
A film that must be seen by its exploration of the different, away from the establishment and the socially accepted. [Full review in Spanish]
A very humane drama with comic elements, excellent performances and an unique premise. [Full review in Spanish]
Even with its unevenness and somewhat demagogic moments, it's a film full of audacity and provocation, which displays a free spirit like its lovable characters. [Full review in Spanish]
A captivating family dramedy.
Mortensen is more than partly responsible for the movie's charms.
This is an enjoyable film, particularly in its humorous scenes. The dramatic scenes are more uneven. Some of the characters are captivating.
[It] shines as a sort of wish-fulfillment fantasy for a certain outdoors-oriented mind set, which almost makes up for its over-the-top moments and underwritten characters.
By the unintentionally creepy ending you'll be screaming for the maddening Ben to be locked up - and for the children to be set free.
An astonishing film about an unconventional father and his six children who live in the wilderness of the Pacific Northwest.
... a road movie, a family drama, a tale of loss, and a loving portrait of an alternative family that is prepared to face everything but the modern world.
The poignant cinematography by the talented Stéphane Fontaine that managed to douse the picture in natural light and capture the never-ending beauty that is characteristic of the Northwest.
Credible, personable and utterly believable, Viggo Mortensen delivers one of his best performances as a father who has raised his children to combat against the world, but never be a part of it.
A beautifully staged film with an amazing soundtrack and a particular group of modern hippies, already have earned a place of honor among the most original and charming characters of 2016. [Full review in Spanish]
A film that will make you think and be entertained at the same time. [Full review in Spanish]
Whilst it may not be fantastic, it sure is an entertaining journey, in the company of a compelling cast of kids, guided by a magnetic Mortensen.
[Ross has] delivered a movie that might hit some soft, sentimental notes towards the end. But that doesn't stop this being a sweet, sad, funny original. One full of terrific performances.
Viggo Mortensen's innate soulfulness and ferocity is perfectly deployed in Ben, patriarch of the unique Cash family.
Captain Fantastic ties its many loose ends into charming little bows, pats itself on the back for its own ingenuity, and skips along on its merry way.
A very entertaining film that manages to avoid a lot of mistakes that it could have made. [Full review in Spanish]
Thematically massive, tonally bold, determinedly non-formulaic and featuring a perfectly cast leading man at the top of his game ... Movies this good don't come along that often. Funny, moving, tender, tough ... just endless things about it to love.
It's a truism to say that actors-turned-directors are the best directors of actors, but the performances Ross elicits really are very good.
Full of fine acting, with strong smaller roles for Steve Zahn, Kathryn Hahn and others, this is still all about Mortensen and the children.
An offbeat comedy-drama with a timely kick, this charming family road trip takes on some very deep topics without flinching.
It helps immeasurably that Ben is played by [Viggo] Mortensen, who with his greying beard and watchful gaze, makes you aware of how deeply powerful - and possibly distorting - the act of nurturing a cherished child is.
Ross stirs up some fascinating discussions in this indie drama... This, Stéphane Fontaine's shimmering cinematography and a generally tight cast are to be commended. What ruins Captain Fantastic are its less than authentic dabbles with comedy.
This is really a movie for upper-middle class hipsters who once fancied themselves firebrands and status quo-challengers in college, but now consider only buying organic food at Whole Foods and not vaccinating their kids to be radical acts.
It is undeniably entertaining with Mortensen a delight as an uninhibited free spirit.
In the end there's not enough depth to buy into the premise or its Hollywood ending.
He may not be a superhero, but in terms of imagination, this captain really can fly.
The children are equally adept at butchering a deer and dissecting the US Constitution. They have the bodies of triathletes and the minds of philosophers.
The film has a very clear sense of where it is going until the final reel, at which point it begins to founder.
The appeal of living off-grid, adopting a primitivist lifestyle disconnected from the mainstream, is given a boost in Matt Ross' new film.
Captain Fantastic's alternative lifestyle model might ultimately prove to be flawed, but the film still offers a convincing and frequently hilarious critique of conventional social mores.
A more interesting version of the film would allow us to see him as either a flawed but noble hero or a deluded bully on an ego trip. But Ross is too in love with the character not to stack the deck in his favour.
While the cast is excellent overall, it is Mortensen that steals the show. As we approach awards season it seems only right that his name be in the mix.
A winning, extraordinarily well-acted portrait of togetherness that pokes at common conventions with a playful, yet pointed stick.
This debut feature from writer-director Matt Ross is a consistently interesting and involving exploration of an alternative lifestyle and how it works -- with all its pluses and minuses -- in the 21st century.
Captain Fantastic is a powerful weepie with a career-high turn from Viggo Mortensen as a hippy father driving his six children to the funeral of their mother.
The beauty of the film lies in its refusal to paint Ben as a deluded tyrant or principled pioneer. He doesn't have two faces - thanks to the script, as well as Mortensen's squirrely brilliance, he has hundreds.
Yes, it is overwritten and unsubtle in parts, but I enjoyed it enormously, and squirrel-fur hats off to writer-director Matt Ross, for giving us a story that is, dare I say, so interesting.
Lots of mixed messages, little in the way of excitement.
Fantastic stuff.
Viggo Mortensen leads the charge in a spirited road movie about a family of social justice warriors from actor-turned-writer/director Matt Ross.
The road trip has echoes of Little Miss Sunshine and there is heartache and hilarity ...
Though the ending of Captain Fantastic will not satisfy all comers, what the film achieves prior in questioning what stands for family values in today's world is guaranteed to leave a lasting impression.
The cast works diligently to find nuance in the material. They are no match, however, for a director who can't tell the difference between film-making and crowd-pleasing.
Matt Ross's sophomore effort is helped no end by Stéphane Fontaine's cinematography and Alex Somers' score - but it's the performances that linger longest.
Ross could have made a cheap crowd-pleaser about cool refuseniks, but so many of his touches complicate that dynamic that his film sets your mind working - and lets you do the thinking.
Laugh-out-loud funny and quietly moving, this is a sharply written and superbly directed comedy-drama anchored by an awards-worthy performance from Viggo Mortensen.
...a strange ride, but a haunting little film.
Writer-director Ross lapses into contrivance, narrative and emotional, but it'd be worse without Mortensen's utter conviction and that rugged, out-of-time mien which has served him well in stories of extremity from The Road to Jauja.
A road movie with heart, humour and a lead prepared to give his youthful co-stars their share of the limelight.
While the whole cast are truly wonderful, as expected, Mortensen's Ben acts as both the family and film's focal point, switching between hero and villain throughout.
A slap in the face of american politics and consumerism. [Full review in Spanish]
Challenging, complex and engaging
It's a wonderful role for Viggo Mortensen
A fiercely original, pleasantly unpredictable character piece. This is a gang of outsiders with something valuable to say about the world we live in.
Captain Fantastic is a highly engrossing story of an unusual (and exasperating) man and family that raises some interesting questions.
He bears the nickname of a comic book hero, the brains of a scholar, the soul of a rebel. And his story is a richly rewarding film experience.
The film waffles between giving the audience a feel-good experience and doing justice to its own deeper, more provocative themes.
[There's comedy here, but] the meal is in the juicy, chin-dripping family dysfunction that's at once commendable in its aim and off the charts bonkers in its execution.
The most beautiful accomplishment of Ross' inspiring Captain Fantastic is in questioning how we evaluate parenting and how to prepare children for the world.
... both amusing and unsettling, and able to elicit both sympathy and disdain.
Captain Fantastic is in some ways a simplistic film - entertaining, though not especially deep. But Mortensen gives his all to the role.
Go with the hippie interpretation for a movie with lots of grit and a pronounced dearth of glitter.
Captain Fantastic is the best new movie I've seen all year - by far. I wouldn't miss it, if I were you.
Viggo Mortensen may be the only Hollywood actor who you can plausibly imagine catching and killing a deer with his bare hands. As such, he's perfectly cast.
Captain Fantastic is a deep examination of parenting, family, excess, isolationism, hope and the challenge of making the right decisions.Most importantly, this is a movie that asks the viewer to think.
Matt Ross' screenplay occasionally stumbles (especially late in the proceedings) and the ending opts for a too-facile resolution but the director/writer offers moments of genuine power and pathos that make it easy to forgive the missteps.
You know what's really fantastic about this movie? Ross asks his audience to think about who's right, too.
Mortensen has been ideally cast. He's at his best playing fanatics, obsessives, people beyond the norm who can't find their place in a quiet world.
A movie about challenging conventional wisdom eventually succumbs to just that.
... an earnest, touching story about a father trying the best he can to raise his kids in a house of love and curiosity, and their belief in him that helps keep him afloat.
If you're buying what these filmmakers are selling, you'll be all in. Suffice it to say, I wasn't buying it.
It doesn't ultimately hold together and the third act is a mess, but there's some wonderful stuff here (Splice Today)
...most of Captain Fantastic is so good that I can overlook the fact that Ross (who wrote the screenplay as well as directed) didn't quite know how to bring so original a film to a satisfactory end.
Ross delivers a warm, humorous, enlightening family drama marked by strong performances ...
It's a rare movie that asks such big questions - about parenting, about family, about modern-day America - and comes up with answers that are moving and meaningful, that make you laugh and cry.
I's the kids and their perfectly calibrated chemistry, with each other and with Mortensen, that bring the heart and soul to Captain Fantastic. They come off looking like a real, if giddily offbeat, family from the first moment to the last.
The dialogue is crisp, and the performances are excellent, even from the little kids.
In the final analysis, Ross gives us little reason to care what happens to this smug hippie and his half-savage, know-it-all brood.
The film's title, suggesting a comic-book flick, will likely cause box-office confusion. But in a way, it's appropriate. "Captain Fantastic" is a truly heroic effort.
Viggo Mortensen may be the most taciturn actor in American movies today. His weatherworn, handsome face (with a cleft chin to rival Kirk Douglas) communicates character with only the slightest of movement.
A beautiful showcase for Mortensen.
All of this is beautifully observed by writer-director Matt Ross, making his second feature after establishing himself as an actor.
It says something about the charm of 'Captain Fantastic' that I was able to enjoy it despite either rolling my eyes or frowning in disapproval at most of the main character's parenting choices.
"Captain Fantastic" is just thought provoking and entertaining enough to make up for its narrative missteps that hamper its third act.
The film's saving graces are the uniformly strong performances...and its intriguing subject matter...[but it] develops third-act problems as it devolves into calculated contrivances, didacticism, and sentiment.
Mortenson gets touchy feely and overcomes an uneven screenplay to pull this family drama through.
works more than it doesn't, but it's hard not to wish that Ross had made his targets a little less broad and his own perspective a little more nuanced
Captain Fantastic, alas, turns out to be Captain Conventional.
Mortensen finds a role here that capitalizes on his contradictions, on his air of resolve and his inner life of doubt, on his hardness and his reasonableness. It becomes the showcase for one of his best performances.
The glue that holds Ross' interpersonal drama together is [Mortensen], one of the finest character leading men in the business.
Captain Fantastic is not a lost Marvel or DC superhero, although his insistence on truth, weapons training and self-sufficiency would seem to place him somewhere in that continuum.
Captain Fantastic's passion for extra-crunchy progressivism is served with a large side of emotional fructose, but one can't subsist on brownie points alone.
Family friction plus quirky culture clashes plus road trip nearly equals Little Miss Sunshine.
The film is premised on a radical act that it buries beneath a grueling avalanche of quirk.
Warmly humorous, and compassionate.
Mortensen is the reason to see this, Langella, too. Dig the contemporary "Swiss Family Robinson" vibe.
"...wonderfully unconventional ."
The film suddenly backs down, and the resulting learning and growing feels like chickening out.
It's all so very civilized, and after a while the movie's slick style begins to feel like the opposite of Ben's experiment in raw living.
Captain Fantastic is an engaging character study about compromise, humility, letting go and love of family. It's one of the best films you'll see all year.
The ending, in which the kids symbolically affirm their independence, is so aggressively tasteless it seems to have burst straight out of an underground cartoon.
Viggo Mortensen is truly in his element in Captain Fantastic, in every conceivable way.
After a while, you begin to suspect that the smugness is the point.
Ross keeps a fine balance of comedy and chagrin here, paralleling Ben's own narrow sense of humor.
"Captain Fantastic" leaves viewers with the cheering, deeply affecting image of a dad whose superpowers lie in simply doing the best that he can.
Despite a brave and edgy performance by Viggo Mortensen and some shining moments of sharp comedy and true emotion, writer-director Matt Ross' hippie fantasy Captain Fantastic suffers from terminal self-satisfaction.
Ross doesn't explicitly take sides. In fact, he strikes a little too neat a balance at the end, if anything. But that takes nothing away from the intriguing idea and Mortensen's terrific performance, both of which make the film more than worthwhile.
Captain Fantastic is an earnest production that, despite its superb cast, clearly possesses an inflated sense of its power and importance.
A manipulative feel-good dramedy about an unconventional family that coasts along likably on quirky writing and strong acting, even by the younger members of the cast.
Ross lets the story take its time, but "Captain Fantastic" never feels slow. This family, right down to the smallest child, are detailed and interesting, with individually crafted personalities.
In his second feature, the actor Matt Ross (the snide Gavin Belson on HBO's Silicon Valley) creates a fascinating group of characters who are never as simple as they appear.
Writer-director Matt Ross has such genuine affection for his characters that even the most cynical inner voice will be quietened.
Ross is an exuberant filmmaker - he pulls you into this family's world. And the kids are wonderful, all of them: fierce redheads, but wide-eyed and watchful.
This horrifically precious, self-satisfied brain freeze of a movie is what most of America probably pictures a Bernie Sanders presidency looking like.
Captain Fantastic touches upon thought-provoking themes in an entertaining, touching and funny fashion, while it's effortlessly elevated by a captivating Viggo Mortensen.
A, tale-of-the-times, typical family living an atypical life... Mortensen is more than spot-on perfect for the role... kids and supporting players are terrific.
A family of survivalist philosophers rail against the real world in Matt Ross' spellbinding, thought-provoking road drama.
Strong performances compensate for an uneven blend of comedy, tragedy and drama along with contrivances. You can feel the wheels of the screenplay turning.
Finds the humor in tossing this feral pack into the real world, and raises difficult questions about just how much we're compromising to get by in a hard world.
Well worth catching if only for a lively debate afterwards about the advantages/disadvantages of unplugged rearing and education programs for children.
It leaves us with the desire of staying there, with those characters and their journey. [Full review in Portuguese.]
Almost startling in how profoundly life-affirming and affecting it is. That's due in large part to Mortensen's wry and tender performance as a man not only committed to his ideals, but the ideals of his wife.
Captures something brainy and bullheaded about Mortensen that feels true.
The Royal Tenenbaums meets Swiss Family Robinson, with traces of The Great Santini mixed in
I greatly enjoyed this movie, and while it veers toward the saccharine by the end, you feel like you've gone on the journey with Ben and the uniquely named children. The kind of journey we haven't seen before but wish we had.
Once we're cruising past Taco Bells, Ben seems less like a noble pioneer from an ancient time than who he really is: an anti-establishment know-it-all flipping the bird to normos
If it weren't for the god-awful music and a few tonal missteps, this would be a near-perfect meditation on love, loss and the evolution of the American child.
this deeply humanistic conflict between uncompromising idealism and real world truths is thought provoking, moving and often humorous. Mortensen has found his definitive role while up-and-comer George MacKay gives a breakthrough performance...
Original, moving drama has some disturbing moments.
Captain Fantastic treats the situation (and Ben) so uncritically and so sympathetically that there is a total disconnect between what is actually onscreen and what Ross thinks is onscreen.
Mr. Mortensen, whose intensity has the sting of possession, has a way of making you believe his characters can do whatever they set their minds to: fly, leap over buildings, save the world.
It's a tremendously accomplished and enjoyable film about a singular household.
In largely succumbing to the very complacency its characters claim to abhor, it turns out to be - I hate to say it - a far less interesting movie than it appears.
The movie truly belongs to Mortensen; fierce and tender and tremendously flawed, he's fantastic.
This is a feel-good road trip and family dramedy movie crowned by Sundance that actually makes the formula feel fresh.
"Captain Fantastic" isn't only one of the year's best movies, but one of the best cast and best acted, right down to the smaller roles ...
It is nearly impossible to watch Captain Fantastic as a dispassionate viewer - the questions it brings up about how to raise children and how to interact with the world at large are too important and too well displayed.
Wise and funny, it's got glorious photography by Stephane Fontaine and a tone shot-through with melancholy, loss and regret.
A complicated portrait of a dictatorial father whose "radical" ideology becomes a vehicle for abuse in an idiosyncratic family.
This could have been a movie the usual people love and the usual people hate. Instead it asks everyone to look at everything that happens with great and exacting skepticism.
Mortensen's efforts here are downright heroic. It's hard to imagine anyone better in this role, for bringing out the authenticity in a character teetering on the precipice of caricature.
The Bad Over Powers The Good
Mortensen is jmagnificent. He gets under the skin of this loving father who must grapple with the possibility that his arrogant, free spirit might actually do harm to his children. The film takes a piece out of you.
Even though its conclusion feels rushed, the movie still works as a portrait of an unorthodox family that's well adjusted in its own odd way.
Despite a frustrating fizzle of a finale, it's a movie that enthralls the senses and engages the mind for two hours, proving no movie is too long when you're having fun.
The casting director should win an award for finding these truly excellent young performers, who shine alongside the always wonderful Mortensen.
Captain Fantastic loses its intriguing premise in a muddle of ideas about the redemptive power of family and the right of all people to live as they please. It's a disappointing film, a strangely unintelligent handling of an intelligent idea.
Is there an emotion I didn't feel watching this story of a non-traditional family, trying to stay together after the wife and mother disappears?
Gorgeously photographed, and as loosey-goosey as its hero, "Captain Fantastic" takes some unexpected turns.
It's clearly the talent Mortensen has for bringing out the best in the young cast that makes the film one that should find a good number of fans.
Wryly amusing and enjoyable, revealing a different kind of superhero...
The comic script is based on the singularity of a group of people, but at the same time we awake a sense of sadness and loneliness. [Full review in Spanish]
An effective, comic road movie which doesn't quite dare to be as radical as its protagonists.
A charming, funny, dysfunctional family tale.
Viggo Mortensen injects credibility to a film that is efficiently narrated, even if it goes to common places. [Full review in Spanish]
Funny and surprisingly raw; it'd have one of the festival's best endings, if they'd had the nerve to cut it off five minutes earlier.
Suffers from strange and sudden outbursts of sugary sentiment that never fully gel with the humour.
If someone decided to adapt a series of cat posters into a feature film, it might resemble something like Captain Fantastic.
Much of the credit goes to Viggo Mortensen, who remains a singularly dominant on-screen presence, in a role here that feels designed by the movie gods.
Captain Fantastic is in some ways a less angry, more commercial take on The Mosquito Coast as a man fights against the norm to do what he believes to be best for his family.
Finely wrought and inventive, Captain Fantastic surely earns the lofty praise of its title.
Captain Fantastic" uses bleak but gentle comedy to pinpoint the variety of ways we wrestle with grief, but the film undermines Mortensen's performance and its own thematic ambitions by presenting the character as an idealized fantasy figure.
It's a crock, but a clever, halfway likable one. You can reject the way it plays you and still feel that you've been effectively played.
a big-hearted, often beautiful family film
The movie's an amusing and useful cautionary table. I hope they teach it on college campuses.
A lot of the script strains credibility or doesn't completely cohere.
Just when you think the film is smugly poising Ben's rebel-outsider mentality against the close-mindedness of his late wife's parents, "Captain Fantastic" acknowledges that some of Ben's parenting techniques might actually be endangering his own children.
"Captain Fantastic" should connect in a major way with those looking to be swept up and moved by such a fundamental human experience.

@highlight

Captain Fantastic 's thought-provoking themes -- and an absorbing starring turn from Viggo Mortensen -- add up to an above-average family drama with unexpected twists.