Undeniably appealing because of Katherine Heigl.
27 Dresses is formulaic, predictable and unoriginal, but romantic comedies would be burned at the stake if they didn't follow the strict guidelines above - it's almost kinda fun seeing it hit all of its marks.
there's a desire to see their characters displaced into a better film with more on its mind than to be better than it should be because of its casting director.
Well cast, slickly produced and performed with enough spirit to somewhat counterbalance its frequently stupendous lack of originality and plausibility. Still not quite good enough, though...
Hugely enjoyable, frequently funny romantic comedy with a superb script and a terrific central performance from Katherine Heigl.
An insult to the romantic comedy.
There are only a few moments that feel genuine and allow Katherine Heigel to smile. 27 Dresses is chock-full of cheese and eventually runs out of material.
This movie isn't anything special, but it's well done and generally pleasing. It's a nice, subtle and safe romantic comedy that will please fans of the genre.
27 Dresses can be worked out just like a long division problem. The story offers up the problem and then it just works its way out to the perfect mathematical solution in the end.
enohlitika problepsimi ki aniara kalogyalismeni romantiki komenti toy kiloy
Writer Aline Brosh McKenna's latest effort instructs women to be doormats for men who treat them like crap, because heaven forbid they wind up never getting married.
Much like her character in Knocked Up, Heigl here just can't seem to keep her distance from guy trouble or her libido in check, every time she hits the booze at a convenient bar in the vicinity.
It's 'chick flicks' like this that give all chick flicks a bad name.
This film uses the same formula, but it executes the formula better than most other romantic comedies do.
Is Katherine Heigl the new Meg Ryan? The fitfully entertaining 27 Dresses suggests just that.
Katherine Heigl proves she deserves leading-lady status in this predictable but entertaining romantic comedy...
The redeeming thing - and it's really all in Heigl's performance - is that Jane knows she's a silly cliché, and spends most of the movie inwardly wincing at her own haplessness.
What a maddening waste of Katherine Heigl this insipid romantic comedy is.
If you are looking for a bit of dippy romance at the cinema, this is worth trying on for size.
The story requires an antagonist, so Jane's sister is painted as a monster for most of the film. At the end, however, she is reshaped as Jane's close friend and confidante. The film's credibility crumbles like stale wedding cake.
Something old, something borrowed... but still an assured, perfectly decent popcorn pleaser that sees the limber, likeable Heigl consolidate her Knocked Up lustre. Add sparky his/her chemistry and you've got a well-turned-out chick flick.
A palatable, frothy chick-flick confection with just enough fire in its belly to hold the attention and a star turn by Katherine Heigl, at heart this is as pleasantly vacuous as they come: 27 dresses and nothing going on.
There's no marks for originality and the dialogue doesn't actually fizz champagne-style but the comedy playing is solid with Heigl enjoying a late honeymoon period.
hops along merrily enough thanks to an engaging turn from Heigl, who's nailed the unusually-pretty-girl-next-door act while embracing physical and risqué comedy.
Cute, cute, cute. No bouquets for originality, but it pushes all the buttons of this mini-genre, and Heigl and Marsden ring dem bells.
A talented star is let down by a listless genre.
The humour's lively and just irreverent enough to make you laugh without offending your mum.
Though Kevin shows early signs of bucking formula, he is, in fact, the precise embodiment of same.
27 Dresses is a closet full of tired, bursting with characters, dynamics, and perspectives that went out of fashion many films ago.
Formulas exist, quite simply, because they work
The formulaic romantic comedy '27 Dresses' is just off the rack %u2013 a predictable but pleasant-enough movie that's the sort of thing you've seen at least 27 times before.
It proves that with the right cast and creative team in place, even an old formula can still entertain.
Una mezcla de Experta en Bodas y La Boda de mi Mejor Amigo, pero sin la suficiente gracia. Katherine Heigl no es Julia Roberts, aunque tiene su encanto.
There is a reason why formulae work: here, working well. The movie only blames Jane for forgetting herself in the needs of others, instead of the traditional Hollywood punishment for being single.
Like its protagonist, 27 Dresses undoes itself with niceness.
Manages to cover every wedding film cliche in the canon, and does so without yielding any genuine laughs
However lame and frustrating the screenplay - it is both - and however industrial the directing - very - 27 Dresses is not helplessly unappealing,
Another insult written and directed by women who deserve to be strung up by bridal veils
Despite its standard rom-com structure and relatively superficial story, this film entertains the audience with the sheer charisma of the actors.
A fluffy, frivolous - if formulaic - indulgence for those of us who still enjoy the occasional, old-fashioned wedding fantasy.
Katherine Heigl impresses and James Marsden is predictably dreamy in this always a bridesmaid never a you-know-what, been there, done that cliché-ridden formulaic rom-com.
It's like porn, but for chicks.
The dialogue is sharp, with just enough of an edge to avoid sentimentality.
27 Dresses sort of grows on you, thanks to Katherine Heigl's performance.
27 Dresses is so flimsy it gives froth a bad name.
Katherine Heigl carries 27 Dresses when all else fails, which it does with great regularity.
Bridesmaid dresses are notorious for being unflattering, single occasion garments. Although formulaic, 27 Dresses wears well on its star.
Uninspired, trivial, and relentlessly chipper anyway
Talk about setting the woman's movement back by about a half-century.
There was great chemistry between Heigl and Marsden.
not a bad film by any means, but there's just not anything special going on here either.
Amazingly derivative chick flick. In the final wedding scenes, Heigl is photographed and lit so poorly her nose looks as if she's gone 15 rounds with Mike Tyson.
Screenwriter Aline Brosh McKenna, who adapted the far superior 'The Devil Wears Prada' for the screen, has penned a tale of love that makes a viewer long for eternal solitude.
If you can appreciate how they packed every romantic comedy cliché into one story, and did it with a full commitment of sincerity, that's how you should appreciate 27 Dresses.
Even in the brainless universe of romantic comedy...goes beyond the bounds of permissible absurdity even while it's following every step of obligatory formula.
'27 Dresses' may not be the best romantic comedy ever filmed, but it boasts extremely watchable performances by its likable co-stars.
Ultimately, the last thing we normal looking folk would hear as the firestorm engulfed us would be the mad cackling of these neo-Aryans as they made our world theirs.
A paint-by-the-numbers chick flick. Heigl and Marsden are likeable, and one does not leave the theater feeling that your intelligence has been insulted.
27 Dresses is cinema for the simple-minded. Everything is spelled out for the audience in capital block letters.
I found myself growing so bored and restless that I began hoping in vain that the monster from "Cloverfield" would suddenly invade this New York-set story and perk things up
... as frilly and fluttery as the title bridesmaid's attire, as fluffy and sweet as the buttercream icing atop a towering wedding cake. But a nimble cast and insouciant spirit make it more enjoyable than its by-the-numbers plot indicates.
The biggest disappointment of 27 Dresses is that it inhabits a Harlequin romance New York City, one remarkably short on homosexuals and divorce.
Certainly Heigl fares better in less formulaic fare, such as Judd Apatow's irreverent Knocked Up, but she does raise the level of this chick flick from bland to mildly entertaining.
Light, formulaic and soft around the middle, choreographer-turned-director Anne Fletcher and Aline Brosh McKenna's 'always a bridesmaid... ' tale doesn't miss a pop-psych or pop-culture cliché en route to its fairy-tale ending.
Anyone who has the slightest doubt about where this movie is heading probably leads a full and rich life that doesn't include watching romantic comedies like My Best Friend's Wedding, which covered this same ground with a lot more verve and humour.
27 Dresses hits the stations of the romantic comedy cross with precision and verve.
Well, if you can figure out how this story ends, you've probably got better things to do than watch 27 Dresses.
All the plot elements that we're encouraged to care about in 27 Dresses resolve in a dud, and the only thing that feels good about the feel-good finish is that it means the movie's over.
The film 27 Dresses only seems like a lobotomy. In fact, this is public surgery to install a new vacuum tube for airheads into the generic chick flick, model 2008.
A flick that's the equivalent of a bridesmaid dress: colorful, fluffy, and ultimately stored away, forgotten.
I much preferred the updated battle-of-the-sexes Judd Apatow gives us in Knocked Up to this soap-ish spectacle of cat-fighting, undermining, backstabbing, and public humiliation.
It's not one for the ages, but this comedy about the 'perpetual bridesmaid' suggests a romantic marriage between star and audience that could last and last.
27 Dresses is stunningly dull. And Heigl, freed from the challenges of a Judd Apatow script, does little to distinguish herself from dozens of other actresses forgotten at the cineplex.
27 Dresses makes the point that modern American weddings are all pretty much alike. The same could be said about modern American romantic comedies.
Anyone who has seen a chick flick knows what is going to happen next, and next, and next...
Anyone watching this appealing actress march toward the inevitable will wonder why she's settling for so much less than she deserves.
The romantic comedy 27 Dresses provides [Heigl] with a chance to flex her comedic muscles, and her whip-smart delivery and timing are an indication that we may at last have a worthy heroine for the otherwise shaky future of romcom.
27 Dresses was obviously written by the Chick Flick Plot Generator 2000. Sure, it has a credited 'human' screenwriter, Aline Brosh McKenna, but how do we know she's not a robot?
That Heigl's desperate flailing manages to make a movie this trite mildly entertaining speaks to her talent. Now maybe she can bury the hatchet with Apatow and they can make another good romantic comedy.
The clichés, like the dresses, sashay in and out of this predictable if nicely fluffy chick-flick composite, which manages to crank out a few decent laughs when it isn't wasting time on a pair of deadly supporting characters.
Katherine Heigl is a movie star. Even in a fluffy romantic comedy like 27 Dresses, she lights up the screen.
Sorry, Sandra. Too bad, Meg. The mantle of movie cute queen has just been passed to Katherine Heigl, starring as the romantically challenged New Yorker of 27 Dresses.
Calling 27 Dresses predictable is putting it mildly. From the opening scene, it's painfully obvious exactly where the film is going and how everything is going to turn out.
The romantic comedy 27 Dresses will work best for people who have never seen a romantic comedy. If you have, you might find it amusing to tally up the steals -- I mean, homages.
My favorite performer in the movie, Judy Greer, is a deadpan killah as Jane's co-worker. She and Heigl deserve fresher stuff.
27 Dresses is one heck of a happy date movie. Smiling faces are guaranteed on all seen exiting when the credits finally do roll here.
Eventually the contrivances win out, but the cast keeps it all watchable.
There's a decent movie in here somewhere. But the director and screenwriter have made a ditsy single-chick movie with the alluring geometry of a screwball comedy.
Predictable but utterly engaging, 27 Dresses will likely be remembered as the film that made Katherine Heigl an A-list star.
I have seen the future, and it looks like TBS. Maybe TNT. I predict a happy union between 27 Dresses and cable TV, forever rerunning with commercial breaks tailor-made for laundry-loading and sandwich-making.
With a number of other stars in the lead role, 27 Dresses would have been unbearable. It's a testament to Heigl's ability that's only not-so-good.
[H]erewith the latest example of whalebone-corseted conformity masquerading as a postfeminist statement on modern independent womanhood...
Familiarity may be the central attraction of both weddings and romantic comedies, but the creators of 27 Dresses have taken a good thing too far.
No self-respecting screenwriter would put a Hugh Grant character through what Heigl's endures here. I don't blame McKenna: I blame a studio system that figures if it worked for Julia Roberts, it will work for Heigl.
You won't miss much if you choose to let 27 Dresses come and go this month -- except perhaps the unassuming starring debut of a comedienne who, I suspect, will soon become a Hollywood powerhouse.
Katherine Heigl and James Marsden bring out each other's best, coaxing a joyous, rambunctious spontaneity from one another. Sadly, the lazy, stagnant script shackles them.
The cast makes it work.
If 27 Dresses didn't have Heigl or Marsden I do not think I could come up with a single good reason for people to take the time to watch it.
Plays like it thinks it's the first romantic comedy the audience has ever seen.
...a genial, consistently watchable effort that undoubtedly benefits substantially from the uniformly compelling performances.
retains some charm and wins your attention even though it is a catalogue of every cliché known to moviegoers
Watching this film is like hoping to be tossed a bride's bouquet.
Heigl is...so good that we can't wait to see her in a vehicle worthy of her.
A shabby, flabby date movie
...little more than a dolled up mannequin.
Anne Fletcher, a dancer/choreographer turned director, moves the film along smoothly, hitting the marks and timing the jokes right. It's connect-the-dots filmmaking by a talented tracer.
A romantic comedy that -- despite her [Star Katherine Heigl] undeniable, apple-cheeked appeal -- sags like a day-old bouquet.
In spite of a series of occurrences that will you leave thinking 'Yeah, right,' it is a mostly pleasant diversion, largely due to winning performances by Katherine Heigl, James Marsden and Judy Greer.
Too bad they didn't accessorize it with more creativity.
A skin-crawlingly ineffective glop of a romantic comedy...makes Love Boat look like a David Mamet production.
Sure it's predictable, but what do you want in this movie? A sad ending? That would be called a drama.
Even if we see the happy ending from miles away, it's still a happy ending.
27 Dresses dutifully privileges its formulaic plot over its stick-figure characters, slapping a happy ending on a setup that, say, Happiness director Todd Solondz could have gone to town on.
The filmic equivalent of a baby: cute, pampered, craving attention, and somewhat smelly thanks to all the formula passing through it.
It's not as funny or original as Knocked Up, but it has its moments.
a charming date movie sure to please audiences.
[A] traditionally contrived but still rather charming rom-com.
Frothy wedding romcom is fun but unimaginative.
Strictly junk food for rom-com lovers who will devour anything of its ilk that comes their way. All other potential audience members needn't bother.
Made 10 years ago, it probably would have starred a vacationing cast member from Friends.
Despite the ugly gowns, Katherine Heigl's a sight to see in 27 Dresses.
If you swallow this type of thing no matter what, proceed without caution. For mildly discerning viewers 27 Dresses is like re-swallowing something you already coughed up.
Under Anne Fletcher's mechanistic direction, 27 Dresses ticks along as briskly and transparently as a clock with a see-through face.
Watching "27 Dresses" is like going to a wedding that's kind of lame -- the chicken marsala is stringy, the DJ only knows show tunes, and the best man's toast almost triggers an annulment -- but you end up having a decent time anyway.
If 27 Dresses were part of a wedding reception, it wouldn't be the bouquet toss, but it wouldn't be the Chicken Dance, either. It's more like the cake: mass-produced, maybe a little too sweet but enjoyable all the same.
Expect Heigl to vie with Reese Witherspoon and Kate Hudson for the plumb Everywoman roles.
The trouble isn't that you can see exactly where this is going, but that none of the possibilities are anything other than clichéd
It's an awfully likable affair.
A romantic comedy that salutes cynicism over making others happy.
27 Dresses is totally phony.
A forgettable, formulaic comedy so predictable that seeing it and skipping it are the exact same thing.
27 Dresses is an illustration of what can result when the filmmakers possess a solid understanding of the romantic comedy formula and decide never to stray from it by one iota.
27 Dresses is so chock full of romantic-comedy clichés, it almost plays like a parody.
Frilly testament to the romantic secondary and homage to the nice girls who don't always finish last.
Heigl deserves a better vehicle.
Thanks to Katherine Heigl, this formulaic and saccharine sweet romantic comedy is more palatable than its predictable script and cardboard characters suggest. But I am disappointed in the film, which starts with a flourish, but fizzles into mediocrity.
Agonizing, flaccid, and about as romantic as bottle of flat champagne 27 Dresses is a perfect example of the stereotypical Hollywood romantic comedies that Judd Apatow's 40 Year Old Virgin and Knocked Up successfully disemboweled.
Doesn't pretend to be something more than a fun movie for women, as it offers a lighter look at romance and relationships without ever getting preachy or anti-male.
Its supposed feminism never gets past advocating a woman's right to literally chase after her dreamboat to ensure the attainment of her own perfect moment at the altar.
It's white-lace porn for girls of every age, and the way that it revels in that get-me-to-the-altar mood, to the point of making anyone who isn't getting married feel like a loser, is the picture's key selling point.
After Knocked Up, this is a step down for the gifted Katherine Heigl, who deserves a better vehicle than this fluffy, formulaic, retro romantic comedy, which makes a strong case for a moratorium on wedding flicks and wedding gowns.
Frothy, funny and formulaic, this pleasantly predictable romantic comedy may be viewed as another step forward for Katherine Heigl.
While Heigl is terrific, this uninspired romantic comedy is considerably less so.
Bland. Difficult to believe it was written by the scripter who penned The Devil Wears Prada.






@highlight

The filmmakers perfectly follow the well-worn romantic comedy formula, rendering 27 Dresses clichéd and mostly forgettable.