It is a sobering, cautionary tale, and one well worth watching.
It's about humanity: our paranoia, fear, and stubbornness to evolve into a species where peace could ever be a viable reality.
One of the most potent examples of cinéma vérité to arrive in recent years, Jesse Moss's "The Overnighters" transcends the genre with a multifaceted examination of complex social issues facing the town of Williston, North Dakota.
An existentially probing documentary with more layers than a twisty Hollywood thriller, at turns inspiring, challenging, sobering and finally devastating.
Has been described as a 21st-century 'The Grapes of Wrath,' but its plot twists are of the type that might have caused Tom Joad to hightail it back to Oklahoma.
This story, touching many social issues, is told on a very personal level. There is an extraordinary revelation near the end of the film. It is as if it was written by a great screenwriter, but instead, it is real life. Amazing.
It develops into a study of obsession, hypocrisy, righteousness and self-doubt, questioning motive and then gob-smacking the audience with the wholly unexpected.
While initially a gentle interrogation of Christian dogma, The Overnighters expands to a larger investigation of altruism and its roots in private psychologies.
In The Overnighters documentarist Jesse Moss found his story and pursued it with remarkable empathy, all in the best traditions of the genre.
Moss lets his characters and their stories unfold, crafting a film from them intuitively through the right interview questions and the art of editing, but never placing a narrative on it that feels forced.
Moss is an incredibly sympathetic filmmaker, and his master stroke is to structure The Overnighters as a portrait of both an individual and a community.
The Overnighters, an ambitious documentary about the plight of the working class directed, produced, and photographed by Jesse Moss, is one of the trickiest nonfiction films to emerge in quite some time.
Full of ambush, surprise, illumination, it's a total corker. And Moss and his camera, somehow, are there every time a new bottle of truth is opened, with a gush, a pop or an explosion.
Moss uses images of drill towers or blistering flame as visual metaphors for other things transpiring on screen: the fracturing of a family, the heated fury that comes with a sense of betrayal.
It would be a fascinating-enough doc, until a shocking third-act revelation brings it to another level.
Assured, brilliant, compassionate filmmaking.
"The Overnighters" is commendable for many reasons, not the least of which is the way it allows complex issues to remain complex. There is a clear conflict between the pastor and the town, but there's no good vs. evil.
So much of "The Overnighters" tells all sorts of truths, and Moss earned the trust of his subjects, whatever they might think of the result.
The movie might seem like just another liberal do-gooder profile, yet a shocker ending throws new and disturbing light on the situation, amplifying the Christian themes at the heart of the story.
Moss films this tale of economic anxiety and almost pathological compassion with an uncomfortable intensity. His camera captures hushed conversations, spilled secrets and moral trespasses with barely a flinch.
A sobering must-see, The Overnighters speaks to the eternal dilemma of doing the right thing in a community beset by suspicion and fear.
Through patience, skill, discretion, and trust, Jesse Moss has taken a seemingly small town story and turned it into both a microcosm of today's most urgent issues and a portrait of a single suffering soul.
This is a damning indictment, a modern-day Grapes of Wrath chronicling nothing short of basic decency's collapse in a depressed environment of mistrust and unease.
Acute portraiture - and for a sobering depiction of an America in crisis that looks shockingly close to the desperation of the 1930s.
The film offers an insightful probe of organized religion and how notions of trust, compassion, forgiveness and redemption sometimes clash with small-town values and contemporary socioeconomic realities.
Jesse Moss's documentary is as compelling and heartrending as any drama.
A classic example of a documentary that discovers its subject in the process of its making.
A quietly fascinating and frequently touching account of one man's dogged and possibly naive quest to juggle social, professional and familial duties.
Moss has put the documentary together in painstaking fashion, somehow managing to be there, filming discreetly, at all the most intimate and climactic moments.
It's one of those Steinbeck-style stories of migrants, poverty, desperation and hope, a heartbreaking picture of men who still believe they are living the American Dream in broken-down trailers doing grim, unhealthy jobs.
It's the rare documentary in which truly unpredictable events unfold and no assumption is safe.
Jesse Moss's tough, absorbing documentary could almost be a modern-day Grapes of Wrath, all about the US oil industry's fracking boom in North Dakota.
Demands a rewatch, and is so stuffed with incident that someone should remake it into an overcooked, Americana melodrama.
Moss allows the natural facets of this story to shine through, creating a gem of a documentary that's raw, honest and brutally relevant.
An urgent portrait of compassion under fire.
A boldly provocative tale of flawed humanity and hardship.
Long before this unexpected development, The Overnighters has established its credentials as a beautifully crafted, multi-layered piece of storytelling, and as an important snapshot of the new Great Depression.
A documentary that reflects a perfect storm of American social and economic problems.
I suppose the sign of a good documentary is if it can remind me that my own problems are relatively small and I am very lucky.
Is there any small town in America with its name printed on the side of its water tower that isn't going through tough times right now?
Every moment, including a surprise ending, will bring tears to your eyes.
A painful and poignant excoriation of the American dream.
The Overnighters is the kind of film that asks us to forget abstraction -- to instead remember the details.
Moss was basically a one-man production crew, which explains how he was able to film such intimate, painful conversations. His work is haunting - one of the best documentaries of the year.
A social-justice documentary that packs a visceral emotional wallop to the heart and mind, The Overnighters could scarcely be more relevant to our stressy, fearful present.
The Overnighters is a shattering documentary and character study that doubles as a layered exploration of a community's faith (and lack thereof).
Filmmaker Jesse Moss frames his shots beautifully; the landscapes look like Andrew Wyeth paintings.
While "The Overnighters" has the feel of an epic, given what an expansive slice of America's current economic experience it ponders, it's also a very intimate one.
If John Steinbeck were writing in the second decade of the 21st century, "The Overnighters" is precisely the story he'd want to tell.
Composed of multiple layers - more than one of which might bring tears to your eyes - this shape-shifting documentary begins as one thing and ends as quite another.
The Overnighters sounds like the sort of dry news blurb you'd skim over in the Sunday paper, but it unfolds into an epic tragedy.
Moss uncovers something greater than a vision of a divided community; he's made a drama as prickly and surprising as any fictional character study.
Less a simplistic indictment of a small-town small-mindedness...than an investigation of the double-edged sword that is unexpected prosperity, The Overnighters raises questions that need to be asked without pretending it knows all the answers.
The thrill of The Overnighters is in witnessing a heartrending payoff that could not be anticipated nor written-and, miraculously, closes the movie on a perfect irony.
Fact and fiction bleed into a sometimes aesthetically questionable, but consistently compelling interrogation of the ever-diminishing space for social ethics and Christian-based morality within state-level governmental order.
Moss, who shoots the film himself verité-style, gets points for his on-the-ground look at the sacrifices made by those seeking a living (while leaving families behind) and at the day-to-day problems raised when merciless economic interests come into play.
A wrenching, all-American tragedy
The Overnighters is as worthy a case for additional industry across the First World than any political speech.
Brilliantly develops into a snowballing drama of the human condition.
The film features stunning third-act revelations that compel viewers to rethink its characters' actions and motivations.
This despairing, terrific documentary presents a world where distrust thrives and fresh starts are in short supply.
The Overnighters is a shattering experience; a masterwork of unbridled honesty as it delves into the messy ambivalence of regular lives. Provocative, unsettling, energizing and immensely sorrowful. An exceptional, haunting film, and one not to be missed.
The Overnighters is, until it falls on its face narratively, a really well-made documentary.
[A] tough-minded, admirably unresolved film ...
A scenario with present-day echoes of "The Grapes of Wrath" yields perceptive insights into the way we view outsiders.
The Overnighters is starkly bleak and devastatingly humane, and an indelible American documentary.

@highlight

Hard-hitting, absorbing, and painfully relevant, The Overnighters offers an urgent and compassionate picture of life in 21st century America.