For Ray Romano fans only.
Comes off less like a feature film than a failed sitcom pilot.
Welcome--now get out.
Whose story is this? Nobody's. We don't know whom we're meant to root for...
This lackluster production fails to generate much in the way of tension and less in the way of merriment.
The movie never takes its material far enough, it's never daring, it's never edgy, it's never satiric. It's just, well, it's just TV.
Charming, little comedy that amuses from start to finish.
Hollywood kids the Democrats because the love the Democrats.
The script is so weak, so illogical, so bereft of actual humour that it takes the considerable charm of the cast merely to prop it up.
Ready for a timely political comedy with Gene Hackman?
This comedy about politics in a small community must have looked good on paper, with Gene Hackman and Ray Romano on board, but it just fizzles.
Clunkily earthbound as its characters and the situations plod forward while never getting anywhere.
Lord knows we need to laugh about politics, but when it comes to salving our Oval Office wounds, Welcome to Mooseport is like taking a baby aspirin for pneumonia...
Not even accidentally amusing, is dumber than a Lyndon Larouche campaign, and features a love story that can only be described as icky. Make that two love stories, and they're both icky.
This movie telegraphs its moves from the beginning, each of its laughs calculated as if an accounting firm had prepared them using a spreadsheet and an abacus.
It's a snooze on every level.
The comedy quotient, waning from the start, becomes nonexistent whenever it's placed in Romano's clumsy mitts.
a political satire that wants to be little more than a warm'n'fuzzy comedy
Prima facie evidence of Hollywood's virtual January-February non-compete clause... and proof that sustained effort does not a desirable final product make.
...deserves a swift, kick-in-the-pants goodbye.
I didn't dislike Welcome to Mooseport; I just didn't like it enough.
Devoid of wit and point.
Long before the end of the film, you'll wish you'd followed the example of the baby moose that, early into the proceedings, chewed through its rope and wandered off.
22 minutes of sitcom entertainment, padded out to a long 90 minutes
The movie is a wet noodle, too timid and ingratiating to muster much interest--sort of like its star.
Means to satirize the TV-fueled carnivalesque nature of American electoral politics but only demonstrates the TV-fueled debasement of American commercial comedy.
Short on laughs despite being an easy concept for witty writers, the film flaunts an over-extended running time and lame dialogue.
Offers a charming distraction from the current campaign season by sidestepping real issues and making light of the process.
The situations are dumb, the characters asinine, and every 'gag' line flops with a sickening splat.
[Mooseport is] like the pound cake of movies -- nice and safe and sweet, but not really worth recommending.
Gene Hackman and Ray Romano lead "Welcome to Mooseport" right into mediocrity.
The film's ridiculously contrived main conflict plays out with all the drama and interest of the Utah primary.
... limp and dreadfully dull.
Like a politician courting voters, Welcome to Mooseport steers away from anything controversial, content to steer a safe, inoffensive middle-of-the-road comedic course.
Welcome to Mooseport has no bite, no edge, and no discernable drive when it comes to making with the yuks.
Hackman wins in a landslide in the otherwise mediocre Mooseport
...we've seen more funny flexibility from a tedious filibuster in the US Senate. It's basically a political ping pong match being played clumsily without the paddles.
Pretty skimpy on fun.
Delivers on a fundamental and familiar level, so that those of a certain age and inclination will be charmed.
It doesn't have that extra spark required to make it anything but instantly forgettable.
Rather joyless exercise in waste and torpor.
This toothless political comedy fumbles its various opportunities to deflate the pomposity of politicians.
Gets old faster than uncovered cheese.
A movie marred by a flaccid script, listless pacing, a plethora of cutesy-poo gags and Ray Romano.
A genially toothless political satire.
Donald Petrie's movie is so over-laundered that it has completely sacrificed shape for comfort.
Welcome to Mooseport is the movie equivalent of a bowl of unadorned oatmeal: It's bland, a bit lumpy and, though it'll tide you over until something better comes along, you won't look back fondly on the experience.
Petrie made Grumpy Old Men, which appealed to the same older audience Welcome to Mooseport apparently is going after ... Both films suffer from a flatness and uneven pacing that make them slow going.
At its best (half the time), the film is cute; when it isn't, it seems like a blank screen.
Nothing much happens in Welcome to Mooseport, but for a little less than two hours you can take a vacation with some very companionable people in a truly nice place.
A bland exploration of a bright concept.
Welcome to Mooseport makes ill use of Ray Romano, carelessly dismissing the comic persona he's spent years crafting on TV and the stand-up circuit.
What a boring place Mooseport turns out to be.
A foul dog of a film.
In a comedy that could just as easily have been titled Grumpy Middle-Aged Men, Ray Romano and Gene Hackman are forced to make do with so-so material.
A nice, if not consistently funny, place to visit.
Too often the filmmakers insult the audience's intelligence with far-fetched plot points, not to mention an offensive stereotyping of Mooseport's residents as moronic local yokels.
Little more than a feature-length screen test for TV icon Ray Romano.
A comedy so wan and spiritless that even the ringing cell phones in the theater offer more entertainment.
The movie's leads are completely stranded by the humorless material and a glacial pacing that's about as exciting as an all-night filibuster orated by Orrin Hatch.
Director Donald Petrie and screenwriter Tom Schulman are masters of middle-of- the-road blandness. What they provide is harmless and occasionally worth a chuckle, but there's not much point in watching a movie when you already know every line.
Welcome To Mooseport, which resonates with a little light Frank Capra and a touch of Norman Rockwell Americana, is just good old-fashioned fun.
As directed by Donald Petrie, the movie and its characters are amiable and cute when they need to be offbeat and zonked.
Instead of a madcap farce, the movie grinds along into a series of laboured comic bits.
It's all so idiotic as to be laughable, except that when comedies go bad... they're painful and headache-inducing...
Vote no on Mooseport.
A comfortable movie.
To say that Welcome to Mooseport plays like a lost episode of TV's Northern Exposure does not do justice to that show.
Petrie deadens any possible momentum or energy; he can't even make one of our greatest actors, Gene Hackman, appear presidential.
Considering all the talented people involved with Welcome to Mooseport -- including a great cast -- you can't help but wish it were funnier. Even just a little bit.
A dud of a comedy that wastes a top-notch cast on a ridiculous premise.
A soothing buddy movie.
A tremendous waste of Academy Award-caliber talent.
[Hackman and Romano] work well together here, and Tierney does a heroic job of playing a character who doesn't know how the story will end, when everybody else, in the cast and in the audience, has an excellent idea.
Silly comedies generally don't fare all that well at over 90 minutes, and Welcome to Mooseport is no exception.
The outcome of the election is never in doubt in this fluff, and neither is the dramatic face-off.
A disappointingly limp small-town farce played several shades too broadly by a cast that has done better work elsewhere.
If you're looking for inoffensive material that will occasionally draw a chuckle, Welcome to Mooseport is for you.
Lazy screenwriting drags down the efforts of two Oscar winners... surrounding a television star making an unexciting leap onto the big screen
Instead of letting Romano face big-league pitching (which I think he can handle), the filmmakers reduce the rest of the cast to playing softball.
Mooseport is one of those dreaded middle-of-the-road comedies. It's a friendly, nicety-nice, mock-funny, play-it-safe and use-all-the-cliche's-we-got style deal. Yech.
"Welcome to Mooseport" is a well worn story about the rich and powerful versus the average Joe, with a love interest tossed in, and does nothing new.
It seems as long as the presidential primary season.
Welcome to Mooseport has its share of clever ideas ... yet the picture is packaged with so little flair that's it's difficult to love.
If these guys were really running for office, both candidates would have to withdraw due to lack of interest (especially the audience's).
Just isn't mean spirited enough to give us genuine small town comedy.
TV comedy king Ray Romano makes his first foray into feature film in a spectacularly unfunny comedy.
"White House meets outhouse" comedy isn't fit to serve, and Marcia Gay Harden and Maura Tierney outshine stars Gene Hackman and Ray Romano.
Not since Death to Smoochy has a comedy underachieved so pathetically.
If ever a film was in need of an order of Levitra, it was Welcome To Mooseport, ranking amongst the limpest political satires I've ever seen
It's the kind of movie that smiles blandly at you because it can't think of anything smart to say, and so you smile back, content but not intrigued.
Proof that nice comedies about politics just don't work, especially during an election year.
Incredibly average...wait for cable.
'Welcome to Mooseport' comes off as nothing more than an extended TV episode with some Very Special Guest Stars...
Hackman could play his role in his sleep, but Romano is asleep.
Much closer to Adam Sandler than Bulworth.
The movie is way too long, way too dull and way too unfunny.
A most welcome treat.
If the script never rises above the sitcom level, at least the lines are delivered by people who are so good they almost seem like wit.
The movie strives for the cracked, dizzy, New England charm of the old Newhart show ... [b]ut the generic Mooseport has no equivalent, just ye olde tedious jokes.
An ocean of blown opportunities.
Despite solid backup from the ever-formidable Gene Hackman and others, this routine hiatus schedule-filler proves to be a shaky platform from which to launch the likable Romano's candidacy as a big-screen leading man.
Welcome to Snoozeport. The phrase 'sleepy little town' has a whole new meaning.
Tepid small-town quirks and colorless 'colorful' characters dot this high-concept misfire.
Donald Petrie's film is a terminally mild attempt to revive the populist political comedy as pioneered by Frank Capra in the 1930's.
Welcome to Mooseport can't decide if it wants to be a political farce or a romantic comedy. It's a bit of both, but not enough of either.
A smart but safe parable about how power can corrupt even the best of men, and how complacency is not a virtue.
At best it's innocuous.
Perhaps the blandest movie ever, directed so squarely down the middle of the road that helmer Donald Petrie might as well be painting yellow lines.
Hide your welcome mat.
Tepid comedy.
There's not a whole lot to like about Welcome to Mooseport, and, considering how lively real politics can be these days, you're likely to get more entertainment from watching two hours of CSPAN.
It plays like six subplots in search of a sitcom.
Mild as milk and, at times, slower than August traffic heading to L.L. Bean. Good cast, though.
The picture is a series of missed opportunities.
When did feature-length comedies like this one come to settle for indistinguishably 'colorful' characters as a substitute for anything really funny or sharp to say about American daily life?
Welcome to Mooseport isn't a belly-laugh farce. It's more along the lines of a My Cousin Vinny, where you just enjoy almost everybody who crosses the screen.
Unless you're a real Romano fan, take the bypass.
What should have been an amiable if unremarkable comedy never rises much above the chuckle level as it attempts to pay homage to the eccentricity of small town life
Unfunny.
About as middle of the road as comedies get.
...comedy comfort food.
On TV, Everybody Loves Raymond. On the big screen, Nobody will.
If his future film choices are anything like this, Everybody Loves Raymond won't just be Romano's hit TV show. It will have to be his mantra of daily affirmation.
Ray, don't quit your day job.
"Could have used three or four more passes through the funny machine."
Once you get past the screenplay's fresh paint, these two guys are the same stale, odious, infantile jerks (as in) every other ill-conceived comedy from the last 20 years.
Romano's a small-screen vampire, and 35mm is his sunlight.
It has trouble in achieving liftoff. But, except for Romano, the cast is so naturally funny that it's a hard movie to resist.
it's too late to recall the results of this election
A faulted comedy with a great pace that aims for cute and occasionally succeeds.
Mooseport wears out its welcome fairly quickly.
I can think of so many ways to have fun with a political story such as this. Too bad the makers of "Mooseport" couldn't settle on just one and run with it.
A predictable comedy masquerading as the tale of an unlikely political nail-biter.
A bit of political fluff several rungs below 'Dave' on the sharpness scale...a hundred minute dead spot punctuated by very occasional moments of feeble humor.
Old pro Gene Hackman, playing the most popular U.S. ex-president of all time, runs away with this amusing film.
Port Perry, Ontario, becomes Sitcom City, where the characters actually hesitate after each joke to allow the audience to laugh.









@highlight

A bland comedy that squanders a talented cast.