Glum
The Discovery brings to memory the sci-fi masterpieces Christopher Nolan typically churns out
It's just a shame the text can't live up to the bookends.
[The Discovery] is an earnest search for meaning that ends up not revealing much at all.
With its lofty twists and aching questions, philosophy - not people - becomes The Discovery's most interesting feature.
The Discovery is never really fun, but it is fascinating and its ambition is admirable.
Even with Mara and Segel in the lead, The Discovery is unable to make a somewhat interesting story; that initial compelling idea is wasted in this dull and stale sci-fi film.
A fascinating story, with a rhythm that oscillates between drama and dark humor. [Full review in Spanish]
A story that could have had more nerve and a more elaborate and imaginative staging, going beyond the grayish tones that dominate the photography of Sturla Brandth Grøvlen. [Full review in Spanish]
An intriguing setup in search of a compelling narrative...
A science fiction film that starts from a very interesting premise: what is behind death. [Full review in Spanish]
With its bold premise, it's designed to provoke discussion, and should make a greater impact in homes than on the big screen.
Suicide shown, discussed throughout bleak sci-fi drama.
...one shouldn't dismiss its bold integrity, particularly in a cinematic age where such mindful works tend to be ignored.
The film's ideas feel less formed once you peel past its high concept. Still, what's there is likely to keep you thinking about it after the movie's end, and that makes it easily worth exploring.
Instead of actually concerning himself with the profound ways the revelation of an actual, knowable hereafter might change humanity, [McDowell] looks inward toward the existential moping of his two unremarkable and uninspired lead characters.
Later, when one last final twist is revealed, it feels cheap and unearned after the intentionally muddy and plodding plot.
That "The Discovery" fails to satisfy isn't surprising. That it doesn't even try to sort through many fascinating details of this newly enlightened existence is.
The Discovery is a film which poses far too many questions, but with no heart to search for the answers.
The Discovery is a premise that never finds a purpose beyond itself.
More interested in metaphysical ponderings and so-called 'human truths' than in telling a convincing story.
You'd think a sci-fi concept like this would take a more nuanced view of suicide than just 'It's not the answer,' but alas.
Although slow moving most of the time, this unusual movie gives viewers some profound subjects to think about .
[It's] built on an ingenious premise, and if McDowell occasionally falters in how he chooses to explore its boundaries, it's still an inquisitive piece of existential sci-fi.
An exceptional cast does their damnedest with what they have, but the lines hang dully in the air. It's like watching a high-school play starring a gaggle of anxious teens.
The Discovery poses a fascinating existential question to its audience, but doesn't quite manage to fill in a plot around it.
Please. Get there in time for the first five minutes. And budget a lot more time than that for the after-movie discussion.
McDowell, who co-wrote the script with Justin Lader, had an intriguing what-if idea. But it feels like they never figured out what to do with it.
The Discovery has a fantastic premise but lacks the ambition. imagination or intellect to explore it satisfyingly. Instead, we're left with a gloomy, thinly written emotional drama.
The entire thing feels like it's happening underwater, sound distorted, movements impeded. A lot happens, but without any urgency inspiring it.
To borrow the motto of my favourite café in my favourite hilly town, "There is no good explanation for what is happening here..."
The melancholy science-fiction drama The Discovery is pretty out there, in a good way.
The movie ... is a dull, nonsensical, sterile mess that left me with a headache and a tinge of annoyance from having wasted my time.
Jason Segel and Robert Redford face off in soggy, cerebral sci-fi drama.
This is peak TV in a feature-film package, a faux-deep, workmanlike script splashed with some strikingly moody sci-fi imagery tailor-made for a YouTube trailer.
While the film is ambitious, with enough intrigue and uneasy moral quandaries to keep my attention rapt, in the end it just doesn't make the leap to the other side.
McDowell ... sidesteps the material's more intriguing ideas, ultimately settling for a conventional story about love, loss and second chances.
The movie opens by suggesting a world of possibilities, and then spends the rest of its time diminishing them.
You're left thinking that the most interesting stuff was what happened immediately after "the discovery," the part of the yarn that the film skips over.
McDowell has shown himself to be a young director with a good sense of what makes for good science fiction: namely, keeping the human element the main focus of the story rather than the bells and whistles.
The kind of high-minded, star-studded belly flop one usually only finds at film festivals. And I guess now also on Netflix.
It's good enough to provoke thought.
McDowell plays fair with the audience.
The Discovery invites us to reflect on our own lives through a slightly bent lens.
The movie it suggests is fascinating enough to make up for some of the shortcomings of the movie it is.
An undeniably ambitious film that only becomes increasingly risk-taking as it develops.
The Discovery is poised to dive off the deep end and follow Will as he pioneers new layers of space and time, but the film lends him a trail map that deprives him - and us - the satisfaction of finding some measure of truth for himself.
The director is keen in making sure the film's various backstories converge in dramatically poignant fashion.
Conceptually, it's an ambitious undertaking; but as fascinating and perplexing as it all is, I'm not sure McDowell's film really achieves its goals.
Jason Segel and Rooney Mara are an unlikely central pairing in this low-key sci-fi about the discovery of an afterlife.
Uneven, but thoughtful and always intriguing.
Even if the film doesn't entirely come together as a cohesive piece, its admirable ambition and top-notch craftsmanship make it worthwhile nonetheless.
Its central mystery keeps you guessing, right up until a final turn that's nearly as clever as it is convoluted.
Intriguing but unsatisfying.
Jason Segel and Rooney Mara have little onscreen romantic chemistry.
Though "The Discovery" starts out with a great premise, its mystery dissipates over a somewhat tepid course as the concept ultimately heads in a direction we've seen many times before ...

@highlight

The Discovery looks fascinating on paper, but in spite of its thought-provoking premise and starry ensemble, it's a disappointing case of untapped potential.