One reads books about football hooligans and sees films without expecting much in the way of truth or verisimilitude. But this one made a good honest stab at it.
Hunnam e Wood exibem imensa segurança ao carregarem o filme, que também desperta nosso interesse através da análise dos motivos que levam pessoas comuns à violência das torcidas organizadas.
Green Street Hooligans loses any credibility it might have had the minute it tries to pass off Elijah Wood as a tough guy.
Nothing hits harder, or with less tact, than the overriding message, that Matt is really looking for a surrogate family.
At least three writers collaborated on a script that drums out loudly its themes of loyalty, honor and revenge, and the finished product dances quickly enough between cliches to make for passable entertainment.
It swims and sinks in melodrama.
[Alexander] is a better anthropologist than dramatist and her snapshot of this culture is more revealing than the story crafted around it.
There's a good movie to be made about the violent world of British soccer, or football, as it's called on the other side of the pond. This isn't it.
German kickboxer-turned-director Lexi Alexander's brutal, unsparing portrait of disaffected youth running rampant amid the football stands and terraces of jolly old England.
Approaches the sociologically poetic sloganeering of the Smiths at Morrissey's most hooligan-lovestruck.
The script is a jumble of caricatures and cliches.
We learn that violence is bad, except when it feels good, or helps solve our problems.
Soccer needs this movie like Georgia needed Deliverance.
It's what you thought Fight Club was going to be, before it went in a whole other (and far more interesting) direction.
Pic amply demonstrates that Alexander -- director of Johnny Flynton, 2003 Oscar nominee for dramatic short -- has the chops to bring a fresh take to onscreen rough stuff.
Goes soft and mushy in personal terms even as it ratchets up the violence and decibel level.
The world of football riots seems rife with potential for the big screen, but Green Street Hooligans only periodically rises to it.
I wouldn't exactly say I liked this movie, but I guess you could say they do a good job capturing this element of society. The violence is appalling, extreme, and relentless.
[The director] and her team get some things right ... but there are weaknesses where it counts most.
... a mess of romanticized notions of street honor and camaraderie in combat, pushed into hollow melodrama...
An energetic mix of Fight Club's adoration of violence and West Side Story's popularization of gang warfare.
The movie forces you into primal alertness, its effectiveness enhanced by exceptional casting and escalating tension that plays on your emotions.
Unfortunately, the beatings are often more interesting than what's caused them.
A movie about English football (soccer) hooligans shouldn't be too hard to pull off... but Green Street Hooligans manages to botch it up.
Director Lexi Alexander wants to make a message movie yet also seems attracted by the firms' macho ethics.
As a dissertation on suppressed male aggression, it's a compelling movie. As entertainment, it's visceral but mildly unfulfilling.
Once it puts up its dukes and stops with the philosophizing, the thing intrigues.
It's a visceral, macho film, and if the message seems to be that violence IS the answer, it's hard to resist the grimy, eloquent way that the point is made.
Sure to please fans of action-adventure flicks, footballers, and teenagers entranced by macho violence, Green Street Hooligans also offers up...morsels for ethical meditation.
Terrific because director Lexi Alexander, a German, brings an authentic feel to English hooliganism -- this is a brutal yet tremendously entertaining film -- and treats it very seriously.
Pretty-boy-turned-gang-leader Charlie Hunnam offers a career performance...
At best a mediocre to slightly above average fish-out-of-water tale.
Football-and-fighting drama shows Elijah Wood in a new light -- and marks the debut of a major talent.
drags and drags, almost entirely absent of tension
This is a brutal, insightful look at a side of sports most Americans don't even know about.
Charlie Hunnam turns in an utterly dreadful, line-mangling, squirm-inducing performance (reputedly redubbed, but still atrocious), whilst the voice-over narration is staggeringly appalling.
Director and co-writer Lexi Alexander choreographs the fight scenes with thrilling chaos, and the plot unfolds expertly if melodramatically.
The fundamental idiocy of the whole business keeps the movie from scoring any serious goals.
Hooligans delivers two main points - that family is where you find it, and that violence can be as intoxicating, to some, as a drug.
Although the central message is questionable and the plot is packed with contrivances, the film makes for an engaging treatise on a subculture.
Though the film begins with the promise of dissecting the origins and politics of the firms, the neighborhood turf wars, and the general attraction towards football-hooligan culture, it quickly abandons those aims.
You watch the movie clutched in a defensive position.
Too bad it's saddled with a predictable storyline and such feckless dialogue that you can't help but view the whole thing as an exercise in stupidity.
Suggesting Hooligans is just too darned real for the entertainment industry to fathom would make a lot more sense if the movie weren't so mind-numbingly derivative.
The steady diet of brutal street fighting makes it all but impossible to connect with this picture, despite whatever visceral appeal it may offer.
A feature-length folly about the terrors and self-affirming joys of football (that is, soccer) hooliganism.
Alexander's techniques occasionally get a bit too fancy, but the movie has a kinetic energy and intelligence that score.
This is Fight Club without the irony or the metaphysical gaming.
The message is that violence is hard-wired into men, if only the connection is made.
At its best, the movie navigates an intriguing moral tightrope between the fetishization of bloodshed and the outright condemnation of it.
Hooligans loses the plot late though -- in the filmic and Brit-speak sense -- revealing Hollywood, not hooligan, roots.
A well-intentioned but ultimately calamitous attempt to analyse the so-called 'English disease.'
A colossal misstep at every turn; the sort of film bound to appeal more to one who knows not a thing about football and the UK than one with even the slightest knowledge.
Authenticity lends a sharp edge to what would otherwise be yet another gritty drama about British yob culture.
Alexander creates characters that are much more three-dimensional than your classic villain.
Hooligans truly is an ode to the punch, a love letter to the stomp, an embrace of the head butt.
Viewers hoping to understand the senseless phenomenon of football hooliganism would do better to rent Alan Clarke's nearly 20-year-old The Firm.
As the film progresses and as Matt falls deeper and deeper into the firm, you can honestly believe that the transformation is real.
Works resoundingly well as a spotlight onto another country's sports-obsessed culture, plus it's just a damn well-made piece of storytelling, period.





@highlight

When it comes to the subculture of soccer thugs, Green Street Hooligans lacks sufficient insight, and instead comes off as a Fight Club knock-off.