My Super Ex-Girlfriend never really takes off into comedic deep space, but it's not exactly earthbound, either. A lot of this is funny stuff -- honest. Summer movie comedy lovers might have a similar reaction.
A pleasant, harmless distraction that's plenty of fun if you want a lighter take on the world of caped crusaders
Though not without its amusements, My Super Ex-Girlfriend is a high-concept studio pitch trying to pass itself off as an actual movie.
What probably should have been an R-rated movie, ala "The 40 Year-Old Virgin," comes off as a half-hearted attempt at poking laughs with unlikable characters.
A breezy timepass entertainment with a little hint of bite.
at heart a deeply misogynistic view of female empowerment.
The funniest parts of the script, like its characters' casual acceptance of a comic-book reality, are so subdued that they can be missed entirely.
It teetered on the edge of totally sucking, but in the end, it actually pulled everything off.
Even if it falls slightly short of super, Ex-Girlfriend is a film that's well worth having around.
A one joke film that runs its comedic course in about thirty minutes.
Smoothly sends up romantic comedies and the superhero genre with such panache, it leaps into mid-summer as one of its best diversions.
How can a movie with such talented performers and such an original concept seem so entirely like a re-tread? Help them Superman!
Hop on the crazy train and enjoy the ride!
The likable cast and generally inspired mayhem make for a pleasant diversion.
The good news is that My Super Ex-Girlfriend does actually end.
Over the years, I remember thinking "What the heck was that?" after seeing several movies with, uh, quirky concepts.
Ultimately, the star-power smoke screen withers, and you're left with a silly film, a couple of decent jokes, and an entirely too-predictable plot.
For Ivan Reitman, Ghostbusters continues to cast one hell of a shadow. Shame - if he'd managed to resist the lure of big, shiny FX, this could have worked as a very black comedy...
Director Ivan Reitman is a good choice for this sort of thing - like Evolution, it's undeniably silly but extremely entertaining with it.
At one point, jealous Thurman tosses a live shark into Matt and Hannah's love nest. Unwittingly plunged into this farrago, the shark earns my sympathy.
Days after I saw Ivan Reitman's latest fusion of action fantasy and comedy, I'm still trying to wrap my mind around the fashion sense surrounding our female superheroes.
...Neither fun nor funny.
With such an amiable cast and lots of crisp dialogue, you can forgive the chinks in the armour.
[A] scrambled spoof/romantic comedy/farce (the movie's own secret identity is never truly revealed).
Soulless and dimwitted.
It's doubtful that yet another depiction of a psychotically possessive harpy is a step forward for women, even if she does possess super powers instead of a 'Play Misty for Me' knife.
...A movie that would rather tweak male paranoia than liberate a nerdette terrified of her powers.
...generally a fun (albeit entirely forgettable) piece of work.
Vile. Nasty. Crude. Base. Ugly. Everything that's bad about 21st-century gender relations can be found in Ivan Reitman's dopily noxious Super Ex.
Like those superheroes who hide their costumes under unassuming street clothes in order to protect their true identities, this likewise masks its intriguing subtext under the surface charms of a romantic comedy.
It doesn't help that Wilson is such a bland actor that it's like watching a battle of wits between Gore Vidal and Larry the Cable Guy.
I didn't think it was possible, but here's a movie that hates women even more than the current season of TV's Rescue Me.
The city's saviour is transformed too easily into a horrible person.
This is the kind of material that can only soar under the hand of a fully engaged filmmaker, not someone who is just punching the clock.
The split in My Super Ex-Girlfriend is an ugly one, separating the high-flying opening hour from its eventual crash-landing. For the underhanded villains, look no further than Reitman, writer Don Payne and a slew of superfluous special effects.
Veteran filmmaker Ivan Reitman (Ghostbusters, Dave) almost pulls off this offbeat comic romance. But not quite.
Not even SuperUma can save this chunk of comedic kryptonite.
Rainn Wilson's character is so unappealing, I was hoping G-Girl would drop him from the top of the Empire State Building.
The tagline for this movie is 'If You Think Breaking Up Is Hard --- Try Breaking Up with a Super Hero'. It should read: 'Try Sitting Through this Brutal Movie'.
This is certainly not good news for My Super Ex-Girlfriend, a lame laugher whose anemic superpowers couldn't put a dent into a marshmallow with a rusty hammer.
A good effort by those involved, but I was hoping for more.
An antifeminist and cartoonish male fantasy, though it's entertaining enough in a summer sort of way.
It's a tacky one-joke movie, and that joke wears thin faster than a speeding bullet.
doesn't capitalize on a creative premise to make an impact. In this case, it's not you; it's the movie.
Uma Thurman is quite funny as she channels the anger from her 'Kill Bill' character and turns it into hilarious outbursts of superhero rage.
I wonder what those MPAA members who gave this a PG-13 were smoking. Filled with crude, raunchy sexual references, it should have been R-rated.
Most of the jokes are left flapping like a fish on the line, delivered with zero energy by the leads...
The Ivan Reitman-directed comedy manages to sap the charm from everyone in its cast, all of whom have shone quite brightly in other settings.
A movie with characters you like being allowed to like (despite their imperfections).
Wait before you shell out your super cash to see this one. My So-So Ex will be available at a rental store super-soon enough.
I recommend this film to anyone who goes to movies to be entertained and come out happy and content without feeling that they had their intellect insulted by frat pack, Will Ferrell-level humor.
This is your typical monster movie, and while there are a few funny scenes here and there Matt's too nice a guy for us to truly enjoy his discomfiture.
The fusion of effects-fueled action fantasy with comedy worked well for director Ivan Reitman 22 years ago in Ghostbusters and, less so, five years ago in Evolution. But, it fails to save his latest, My Super Ex-Girlfriend.
There's a funny idea here, but you might not know it from Don Payne's script, or, for that matter, from Ms. Thurman's performance.
[Screenwriter Don] Payne crafts a couple of witty gags about how emasculating it is to date a superwoman, but most of the gags recycle the same tired old romantic comedy schtick, with special effects.
[Ivan Reitman's] funniest movie since Ghostbusters, and a riff on superhero mythology that plays like a mashup of Bewitched (the TV show, not the movie), The Breakup and Fatal Attraction.
A less willfully misogynist movie might have made Thurman's double identity the starting place for an exploration of female power, super- or otherwise.
My Super Ex-Girlfriend, simply by having a genuinely funny idea at its core, is one of the summer's better comedies, and director Ivan Reitman and the cast give it a straight-faced silliness.
The movie is unable to achieve lift-off and transcend the formulaic stuff coming out of Hollywood, despite the perfect casting of Uma Thurman, emboldened by a killer image from Kill Bill, in the title role.
If the script for this comic spin on Fatal Attraction were only a tenth as hot as Uma Thurman, director Ivan Reitman might have had something here.
Thurman is an ideally cast superhero and Wilson ably demonstrates the behavior of a guy who is involved way over his head.
My Super Ex-Girlfriend is a cheesy bore that makes an airtight case for the 'safety' of internet dating.
This sophomoric mix of the supernatural and screwball from Ivan Reitman is diverting, cheesy fun, with Thurman's G-Girl as a droll combination of Superwoman and Uber Shrew.
My Super Ex-Girlfriend feels like blown-up sketch comedy without the heft and dimension of a real movie -- made more for a flat screen than the big one.
For all its many shortcomings, this old-school laugher is a pleasure to sit through.
It's never quite laugh-out-loud funny. It doesn't wring enough out of its killer premise. It mildly squanders good actors.
There are about 20 minutes worth of decent sketch comedy here, which means this one beats the summer's other Wilson brother comedy, You, Me and Dupree.
My Super Ex, directed by comedy veteran Ivan Reitman (the Ghostbuster movies) from a clever high-concept script by Don Payne (The Simpsons), is as cool a summer lark as you'll find.
It's a promising concept, and director Ivan Reitman and writer Don Payne come up with a lot of snappy lines and funny sight gags, but the pieces never quite mesh into a satisfying comedic whole.
My Super Ex-Girlfriend, despite a couple of amusing moments and the presence of The Office's Rainn Wilson, never really takes off.
A pretty funny movie that's part nerd fantasy, part Fatal Attraction and part riff on Arnie Ziff, Jon Lovitz's revenge-seeking, still-pining geek from The Simpsons.
Ultimately, My Super Ex-Girlfriend is lightweight fare but there are a lot worse ways to spend 90 minutes on an unbearably hot summer afternoon.
Director Ivan Reitman, who's been busting our guts since Ghost Busters, stirs a high-concept stew of Fatal Attraction meets The Incredibles.
Funnier than Nacho Libre, more fashionable than The Devil Wears Prada, able to deliver more revengeful thrills than X-Men: The Last Stand in a single scene.
Directed by Ivan Reitman with the same loopy amiability he brought to hits like Ghostbusters, Junior and Dave in decades past, it is a solid summer confection with no pretensions.
My Super Ex-Girlfriend dispels any doubt that the philosophy of high concept -- in which a film's entire content can be contained in the title or one brief phase, a la Snakes on a Plane -- is back in vogue.
There are certainly worse ideas out there for movie comedies than My Super Ex-Girlfriend. (The Wayans brothers hit Little Man, for example.) However, there aren't many ideas that are more poorly executed than this one.
Hiding in My Super Ex-Girlfriend is a clever conceit that never gets to reveal itself fully.
My Super Ex-Girlfriend is watchable enough but it's humor for our age of diminished comedic expectations.
The movie is a dude's one-way fantasy tinged with an element of fear. It's unfortunate that the premise falls so comfortably along trite gender lines.
This is the kind of pop entertainment that's anathema to most film critics, an unabashed guilty pleasure sure to find its way into their DVD libraries only to produce embarrassed stutters when someone finds it there.
Has director Ivan Reitman always been this unfunny, and we didn't notice because he had Bill Murray covering for him?
Couples waiting for a fresh twist on the romantic comedy have found their date movie in this story of girl-gets-guy, girl-loses-guy, girl-hurls-shark-through-guy's-window.
The real heavy lifting (both literal and figurative) is left to Thurman, who commits to the craziness with gusto.
Eddie Izzard Eddie Izzard Eddie Izzard. If ever a name bore repeating, it is this one. And thank goodness for Eddie Izzard, who brings a whole other dimension to this movie.
even when the jokes don't pay off as well as they should, director Ivan Reitman keeps the film moving along briskly, and Thurman is delightfully wacko.
a bland movie that isn't quite sure if it is a parody of romantic comedies, a parody of superhero movies or a parody of Uma Thurman.
[T]he sort of clever low comedy that the summer has needed. Goofy, silly, and utterly refreshing, it's just the thing to beat the heat.
Plays like it was written by smart people, for people who've seen their share of romantic comedies and superhero flicks.
Has occasional spurts of laughter but is otherwise benign and dopey.
Emasculation paranoia is alive and well.
A clever concept brought to colorful life thanks to a witty script, a quick pace, and a pretty darn excellent ensemble of comedic performers.
Everything that might be annoying in a romantic comedy works here.
About as far from 'super' as a comedy can get.
Uma is sexy, Luke is funny, and the script is hilarious...check it out!
Girlfriend skewers both superhero films and romantic comedies. And it does so with surprising deftness; Girlfriend is not only the funniest film of summer; it may be the best superhero film since Spider-Man.
A big waste of time, money and space, but that should come as no surprise to anyone who has already been burned by promise of a film featuring Uma Thurman in tight-fitting pants (The Avengers, anyone?).
a comedy whose very first visual gag is overpowered by implausibility and whose 'heroine' is an unsympathetic wacko instead of being given the feminist revenge bent that might have worked.
The movie's too slapdash to keep its characters consistent, but this has its moments.
Two lessons learned: Dump a superheroine at your own risk. And animatronic sharks sure have come a long way since the days of Jaws.
There's no real insight into relationships, or superheroes for that matter, just a pleasant enough date movie for geeks -- and the guys who love them.
It's not terrible, but it's mediocre and not much more than a string of cheesy sex gags.
For a movie about an unstable superhero who dresses like Carrie Bradshaw after a gamma zap, Ex-Girlfriend is cleverly attuned to the real-life nadirs of big-city psychosexual dynamics.
Uma Thurman does double duty as a New York neurotic, Jenny Johnson, and a secret superhero, G-Girl, in a shaky comedy directed by Ivan Reitman.
Wilson does his callow good-guy routine (if you close your eyes you'd swear he was his brother, Owen) and Thurman looks as if she'd rather be stalking prey in Kill Bill.
If anything, it's too airy and tends to be forgotten as soon as the lights go up. But it's certainly pleasant enough while it's on.
My Super Ex-Girlfriend lampoons conventional comic book movies and relationship films by nudging its needy title character into the Manhattan singles market. It's a silly premise, and it works beautifully.
Look, up on the screen--it's a bird, it's a plane, it's a lame superhero comedy...if it were a comic, it would be cancelled after three issues.
Simply goes through the paces more often than it excels at its initial ambitions.
The two starring performances are spot on. Wilson gets the tone that screenwriter Don Payne so expertly evokes. Thurman is beautiful, fearless and perfectly believable as a superhero.
If you're going for plot, My Super Ex-Girlfriend will disappoint, but if you're going for a light look at aspects of the superhero experience that most 'serious' genre entries ignore, the film delivers.
You don't go to movies like My Super Ex-Girlfriend to feel closure, you go to see Uma Thurman throw a shark at Luke Wilson through a plate glass window.
Reitman's time has come and gone. He's still on his game, the game has simply changed.
My Super Ex-Girlfriend sets the cause of psychotic superheroines back about 30 years. The movie roils with more unexamined hostility towards women than a roomful of Taliban clerics.
Everything about My Super Ex-Girlfriend feels clumsy and cut-rate.
Mostly, MSEG is one of those movies that make you ask why: Why was it made? Why did Uma Thurman waste her time? And, most important, why is there 10 bucks missing from my pocket?
My Super Ex-Girlfriend falls somewhere in the middle of Reitman's quality spectrum.
This comedy is so unfunny, it's like director Ivan Reitman and company had their senses of humor tranquilized from guzzling kryptonite lattes.
There's so much going on that the movie never explores the comic potential of Thurman's unique character. Does G-Girl go mental because she's a superhero, or was she always destined to be a bunny boiler? Does she like being super? And what are her powers?
[Thurman] again proves herself an inspired goofball, switching personalities and wardrobes with the quick-change precision of Christopher Reeve in his prime.
My Super Ex-Girlfriend is a romantic comedy from a stereotypically masculine perspective.
While not particularly smart or funny, it's still thoroughly engaging.
Reitman, comedy maestro of 1970s and 1980s, has clearly lost his touch, for this picture is even less funny and even more out of synch with the comedy genre, Hollywood, and the zeitgeist than his previous effort, Evolution.
High energy fun with just the right tone, My Super Ex Girlfriend is fresh and frivolous escapism.







@highlight

My Super Ex=Girlfriend is an only sporadically amusing spoof on the superhero genre that misses the mark with a nerd-turned-superwoman who embodies sexist clichés.