Tiptoes the line between tragedy and hope and never loses its balance in its account of life and luck in the US-Mexican borderlands.
Story of seperated mother and child doesn't carry much emotional impact. Makes you wonder how much mi madre really cares. Turns into a road drama with the kid headed to Los Angeles. Just couldn't care for the characters. Paul Chambers, CNN.
Under the Same Moon puts a human face on illegal immigration. More than that, it gives it a human heart.
Some plot twists and encounters go beyond broad brushstrokes for complex characterizations to make corny seem meaningful. Cast and music add richness beyond the predictable.
Its parallel stories of two lost souls seeking each other across geographical divides is never more than one small step away from mawkishness and cliché, and oftentimes less. But as a sociological study, it's fascinating.
The argument of Under the Same Moon isn't news to anyone living near the border, but it does present the migrants' problems well and poignantly.
Patricia Riggen's feature debut proves that the terms crowd-pleaser and social-issue movie can apply to the same film.
I did dab my eyes several times as I exited the theater.
the type of facile representations offered by the film do little to address the real issues at hand.
I could pick apart the simplicities and unlikelinesses and inconsistencies of the overall tale, but that will never trump the enormous lump in my throat I was left with by the film's end.
This is a sweet, charming movie.
There are only three types of [legal] U.S. citizens in the film: cartoonish rich elitists, drug addicts, and whiny young Chicanos who've shunned their Mexican heritage.
It's a movie guaranteed to leave you at the end with tears in your eyes and a big smile on your face.
Thoroughly watchable with flashes of inspired filmmaking, and it has a sincerity that, even when wrong headed, cannot be denied.
A beautifully rendered, unforgettable story of the invincible bond between a mother and son.
The film is a romanticized, effectively personal and emotionally heightened story.
What's stuck with me aren't the film's flaws but the success of its mission: It puts a real human face -- many human faces, in fact -- on a problem that many politicians would prefer to represent with a racist caricature.
It's a bit of a guilty pleasure, with its formulas and its sap, but if it can get Lou Dobbs reaching for that Kleenex, it will have done its job.
If a few scenes are a bit stiff, some of the cast a little too telenovela photogenic, the leads' stubborn, yearning performances build just enough of a melodrama to soften the film's tough realism and earn a hopeful ending.
The critic in me found plenty of nits to pick with Under the Same Moon. The sentimentalist, though, was ready to blubber.
[A] sentimental, sometimes manipulative but genuinely touching film.
It works -- at least until all those pesky coincidences get in the way.
a string of poorly-written, obvious clichés that litter the road many travel from Mexico City to the southern United States
It's a warm drama that humanizes Americas current illegal immigration debate even as it sentimentally stacks the deck in favor of the undocumented.
This may appear to be a simple film of a boy's determination to be with his mother, but in reality, it is so much more.
Without the exceptional performance by young Adrian Alonso, 'Under the Same Moon' would have been quite ordinary.
The performances -- and the movie's sideways glance at the culture of illegal immigrants, including a funny song about Superman ('He has no social security and no green card') -- give the movie its nicely controlled vitality.
[Director] Riggen coaxes fine, understated performances from her actors, whose faces are all she needs to sell the movie's heartfelt climax, a graceful scene that makes us feel what Rosario and little Carlitos feel.
Under the Same Moon combines all the elements of an old-fashioned tear-jerker with the low-key, low-budget intelligence of a carefully crafted indie film.
The strong final third counterbalances the weaknesses of the first half.
First-time director Patricia Riggen uses parallel story lines to tell the mother's and son's tales -- mom looks for her next job while the boy evades immigration workers, druggies and perverts.
An endearingly sweet fable about a hotly debated subject.
The power of the mother-son bond is given tender-hearted treatment in Under The Same Moon, an impressive first feature from Mexican filmmaker Patricia Riggen.
This kid is so plucky and cute and charming, it's impossible not to fall in love with him.
Under the Same Moon (La Misma Luna) is the nightmare Lou Dobbs has when he goes to sleep at night.
Maudlin and melodramatic when it doesn't need to be, but insightful and engaging when it counts, Under the Same Moon represents both the best and worst of the revelatory road trip narrative.
If Under the Same Moon is formula melodrama, the film is well acted and its lead character perceptively drawn.
...wears its heart on its sleeve but you can forgive it for its schmarm.
A story that's too cute, too corny and too contrived.
This American Tail for the Lou Dobbs era probably shouldn't work as well as it does, but even we hardened film critics can get a little mushy sometimes.
For all the clumsy scenes and cloying performances, director Patricia Riggen puts her adults through tough choices and hard consequences.
Under the Same Moon, despite some mature themes, is fine family entertainment. It is a crowd pleaser in the best sense of the word, compelling, humorous and profoundly moving.
The film does have its sweetly appealing moments as well. And the cast is good.
Embracing this film will depend on whether its charms triumph over its contrivances. I left impressed by the performances but disappointed by the film as a whole.
[young Adrian Alonso]...carries the movie with effortless aplomb.
More than once, the narrative may push you to tears, but the emotion Carlitos draws most effectively is not pity but awe. We should all be such great Americans.
I thought we had some really fine performances here.

This is not simply the case of a child learning his lines and delivering them in OK fashion. (Adrián) Alonso is an actor to be reckoned with, even as a young teen.
It has the feel of truth and is a vivid reminder of the hell Mexicans put themselves through to live in the United States, even illegally.
Though its smaller story of a mother and son will elicit tears, Under the Same Moon is clear-eyed in its larger examination of the cycle of poverty that persists for immigrants on this side of the border.
You may be pleasantly surprised by how affected you are by the small kindnesses the boy finds... And you may be absolutely shocked at how moved you are when finally, gratefully, Carlitos' journey comes to a joyful end.
Director Patricia Riggen's film mostly succeeds, despite a sometimes maudlin story that seems to bring multiple dangers a day to its young hero.
Cliched but well-staged.
Does anybody seriously believe that mother and son will not reunite in the end? It's only a question of how, not if.
Much of the plotting is schematic, and some of the moments meant to tug our heartstrings clearly flow from the melodramatic telenovela form. Yet the scheme transcends itself in surprising ways. Love conquers lots, while the kid conquers the rest.
Your enjoyment of this picaresque tearjerker may depend on how much you can tolerate its shameless contrivances and didactic social realism, whereby the story exists only to illustrate the plight of illegal aliens.
It's an unexpectedly powerful little film that manages to say a lot of what, despite all the talk on the subject, isn't being said in the national debate on immigration.
This largely Spanish-language film brings on the waterworks because its core story is undeniably affecting. The whole movie, however, would be more convincing if the elements around that vital core were more multidimensional and less contrived.
When Carlos finally spots the climactic traffic light, his exhaustion, at least, feels earned.
Tries so hard to put a human face on the immigration issue that it ends up feeling as genuine as a plastic Halloween mask.
Another one of those soft, simpleminded imports specifically designed for Western arthouse audiences, with everything spelled out in dialogue.
Under the Same Moon is a heartfelt story of unquenchable hope, with the plight of illegal immigrants serving as an intriguing and timely backdrop.
A harmless feel-good movie that tries to tell audiences what it's like to be a victimized immigrant, and mostly winds up telling them what it's like to have their heartstrings yanked, gratuitiously and often.
Whatever you feel about illegal immigration, those affected certainly deserve to have their stories heard, and they definitely deserve less mawkish and by-the-book stories than this.
It's unfortunate the actors who play the principles are so clean, beautiful and moral as it adds a touch of the inauthentic to what I imagine is more of a complicated, issue-oriented debate. Still, they have their hearts in the right place.
What does it say about a film when you believe only parts of the journey, yet are moved by the arrival?
Thanks to the uncommonly shrewd judgment of screenwriter Ligiah Villalobos and director Patricia Riggen, both newcomers, Under the Same Moon never feels like rank exploitation, even as it steadily aims for the emotional jugular.
An enjoyable story of hope and resilience, buoyed by the performances of Kate del Castillo as Rosario, the mom, and Adrian Alonso as Carlitos, her son.
A drama of mother-son love that lunges for the heart from its pulsating curtain raiser to its leap-for-joy fade out.
[An] overly sentimental drama, which -- although sweetly well-intentioned -- is stereotypical and overwrought.
Directed, with visible earnestness, by Patricia Riggen, Under the Same Moon blunts the hard edges of immigration with a thick coating of preciousness.
Before you can say, 'Wow, that sounds boring,' director Patricia Riggen has smuggled us, with no-bull authority, into the rituals, jokes, and survival games of a culture of half-existence: people who live in two places and nowhere at all.
Anyone looking for a deeper understanding of the immigrant experience won't find it in this disappointingly toothless drama.
The specific story, while formulaic, is carried soulfully by its three main actors, who make Under the Same Moon a success despite its flaws.
The actual storytelling is so filled with sunshine and resilient good cheer that true pathos of the situation never rings true.
Some situations may be too tied to contemporary reality to receive a fairy-tale touch. The illegal immigrant experience is one of them.
The magical glow makes it easier to address some heart-rending themes that might be too disturbing if told in a more straightforward manner.
I wasn't having any of it. I don't believe it's the bloodied hand of cynicism either; just a natural response to clumsy filmmaking at its most pandering and unfairly exclusionary.
This look at the Mexican immigrant experience offers a few new ideas to the currently hot topic , but it's hard not to feel like we've seen this sort of story too many times in recent years.
The film's destination feels overdetermined despite its sweetness.
Engaging and touching--a manipulative tearjerker, but an effective one.
Suitable only for kids or for undiscerning immigrants happy to see themselves heroically portrayed on film.
A soul-stirring film that activates our feelings of empathy with illegal immigrants in America.
Under the Same Moon aims to get audiences to blubber at the trials of mother and child but doesn't persuasively put convincing flesh on people caught in the immigration firestorm.
Evoking memories of 'Cinema Paradiso,' it's a gem - one of those rare films that truly touch your heart.
A warm, humorous story showing that there is no obstacle that can prevent a small child from finding his loving mom.
Mostly the movie floats on the sincerity of Alonso as Carlitos, who is incapable of doing or saying anything that one does not believe, and del Castillo as his young, hardworking mother.
Manipulative storytelling and overly simplistic handling of a divisive issue.





@highlight

If Under the Same Moon is often manipulative, it is also heartfelt, and features strong performances from its leads.