Their vibrant determination finds expression in a silent sequence shot from above, as each leaves a building one at a time, opening a different-colored umbrella in the rain, resolute.
The film has crafted an essentially benevolent comic universe where everyone is goodhearted - or at least, they are who they are, and there's not much to do about it.
The Women's Balcony is a feel-good, crowd-pleasing comedy that depicts what happens when extremism and traditional values collide.
The Women's Balcony resolves its central conflict a bit too quickly and neatly, but the theme of battle for the soul of a community resonates - at least with many American critics, who have praised the movie's "universal" themes.
The superb ensemble of veteran Israeli actors, singers and comedians gives bravura performances.
Even though some of the religious and traditional aspects of the film may not travel well, its spirit is universal.
There are also plenty of sweet moments that emerge from a story about people who, even in conflict, have their hearts in the right place.
Culturally specific and embracingly universal, the Israeli comedy-drama The Women's Balcony is an exuberant, life-affirming celebration of community in the face of crisis.
The Women's Balcony isn't a great film, but it is an appealing and good-natured farce that the Toronto fest deemed "rebellious and respectful." And how often can you get both those things in one movie? L'chaim!
A slyly wise, hugely entertaining portrait of an Orthodox Jewish community that loses its joy when a newcomer sows discord. You don't have to be religious to love it.
The Women's Balcony overlooks nothing when it comes to addressing faith, segregation and sexism in a peppery, entertaining way.
A beautifully sketched portrait of a community under strain, one you do not have to be Jewish or even religious to take great pleasure in.
An entirely worthwhile experience.
Subtly handled by director Emil Ben-Shimon and screenwriter Shlomit Nehama and rendered heartfelt and compelling by an outstanding cast.
[It] might have worked better as a 10- to 13-hour season of television, but what Ben-Shimon and screenwriter Shlomit Nehama crammed into this 96-minute feature is still an astute and often quite funny piece of filmmaking.
The Women's Balcony is an equally hilarious and infuriating look at how patriarchies attempt to assert themselves and how terrified men often get when women stand up for themselves.
In the end, the solution offered by "The Women's Balcony" to end the rancor feels unearned.
It's impossible to resist a film that has such rich characters, and makes a complicated subject both enlightening and entertaining.
With an eye for artful detail, director Emil Ben-Shimon orchestrates a resolution both plausible and jubilant.
Director Emil Ben-Shimon creates a bustling sense of community and injects most scenes with a surprisingly breezy air.
Don't miss Menemsha's latest jewel, a comical clash of outlooks, pitting a self-assured sisterhood against a bewildered, backwards brotherhood.
Throughout the film the people of this congregation bicker and argue, fight and squabble. They pull pranks and make jokes and cook meals and break hearts. Yet through it all there is a shared sense of earnest religious devotion.
While the mood is that of a gentle and affectionate comedy, the film makes some extremely sharp points about fanaticism, sexism masked as holiness, and tolerance among the faithful.
Emil Ben-Shimon's smart direction and Shlomit Nehama's lighthearted and topical script ensure the proceedings not only hit all the right notes, but also entertain while being respectful of religious traditions.
An engaging movie that expands its highly specific setting into a universal moral inquiry.
This light and predictable movie, with its overwhelming box office success, still offers tremendous insight into day-to-day Israeli society.
A comic celebration of tradition...Insightful portrait of the more extremist rabbi...The message of this cute and ultimately complacent movie: Enjoy the back of the bus!
A crowd-pleasing, charming delight brimming with genuine warmth, wit, humor, and tenderness. If only more films were to have such rich and lively roles for older women! It's a cause for celebration!
Tthe most moving element emerges from the film's essential respect for ancient ritual, even as it questions extreme orthodoxies. It's a tough tightrope to walk, and this film does it skilfully.
A keenly intuitive account of fundamentalist extremism in a forum we aren't used to seeing.
Immensely charming in its depiction of the quiet, gentle humanity of the community and the way their commitment to Judaism is reflected in every aspect of their lives.
THE WOMEN'S BALCONY is a film that sets up a controversy and then would benefit from presenting both sides of the argument evenhandedly.
This dramatic comedy may be very specific to an Orthodox Jerusalem community, but its repercussions are both universal and very, very timely.
A revelatory, celebratory glimpse into a compelling religio-political dilemma.
Though a comedy, this Israeli film said to be a box-office favorite in its home country evokes a delightful but important feminist agenda.
The gifted cast and script bring much warm humor to this story of the people of modern Israel: The deeply observant, the thoroughly secular and everything in between.
A well-done religious drama set in Jerusalem where the members of a small synagogue face changes demanded by a fundamentalist zealot.
A choral film with a light sense of humor and diverse family stories in parallel with an evident empathic power. [Full review in Spanish]
A production that, at best, can arouse sympathy for its humanistic, critical and conciliatory character. [Full review in Spanish]
A nice parable on the power of the community to face the fanaticism that will possibly piss the feminists. [Full review in Spanish]
With a great start, the best of the film focuses on its first half. Its striking photography and its great performances are the strength of this adventurous story. [Full review in Spanish]
Director Ben-Shimon's light touch prevents the film from lapsing either into polemics or overly broad comic shtick.
Nehama, who grew up in an Orthodox Jerusalem community like the one in the film, has said her goal was "to tell the story of the moderate people who are forced to deal with growing religious extremism," and "The Women's Balcony" definitely does that.
An utterly charming, good-humored peek into the warring factions within one small, closely knit Israeli Orthodox congregation.
A close-knit congregation fractures along gender lines after a catastrophe at their synagogue in this nicely observed dramedy.
Emil Ben-Shimon's The Women's Balcony proves that a movie doesn't have to be mean spirited in order to be funny.

@highlight

With rich characters and a thoughtful approach to timely themes, The Women's Balcony tackles complicated subjects with intelligence, compassion, and wit.