In any case, Crowe's a hoot, RZA's instrumentals mostly deliver (save the occasional and baffling metal guitar), and I left the theater not lamenting that this movie exists. Good hustle, everybody.
All that matters here are cockamamie anachronistic music cues, low-rent filmmaking and one spectacularly hammy turn from Russell Crowe.
The Man with the Iron Fists is an off-balanced and bloated martial arts film that barely gets by on its gorgeous set design.
When you team with Eli Roth, who has the writing talent of a sociopathic thirteen year old boy on Ritalin, what can you possibly expect but swill?
A scrappily authentic and entertainingly bloody tribute to old-school chopsocky films and taken purely on those terms, there's not a lot to complain about.
The movie is undeniably colorful and action-packed, and gorier than a slaughterhouse floor. But something's missing.
The violence is extreme and preposterous, the fights ingeniously choreographed, the producer Tarantino (his actual credit is "presents").
The fists, feet and digital blood go flying in this enjoyable, frenetic, largely forgettable chop-socky extravaganza about, well, about a man with iron fists who gets into lots of fights.
One is occasionally infuriated by the archness of the exercise. But there is a charming innocence to Fists' faith in the values of 1970s cross-cultural exploitation.
A vacuous but fun exercise in chop-sock style over substance.
Given the talent on board, this registers as a disappointment, but even with the clunky dialogue and subpar fight scenes, it's watchable fun.
Predictably, this kind of gleeful fanboy excess yields diminishing returns. RZA hasn't much sense of storytelling rhythm, and lacks Tarantino's gift for turning adolescent obsessions into something uniquely personal.
It's so over the top that I just thought it was a hoot.
Thank goodness for Russell Crowe who gives a sardonic, who-gives-a-damn performance as one of the good guys.
The Man with the Iron Fists is as limp as last week's wet noodles.
Rapper-turned-actor-turned-filmmaker RZA is clearly influenced by cohorts Quentin Tarantino and Eli Roth as he indulges in this crazed pastiche of 1970s kung fu action romps.
Self-defeatingly "Tarantino-esque".
A one-note pastiche featuring impressive wire-fu, bloody mayhem and CGI mutilation.
The Man With The Iron Fists definitely isn't the most polished first effort. But if you approach it as a sloppy, OTT martial arts outing, you'll find the fun.
As long as you accept some magnificently bad dialogue, this is silly, fun and ludicrous beyond belief.
Psychopaths will love it.
It's leaden, boorish and dull.
The story is both dull and confusing with a profusion of characters scrapping over some fabled gold.
an affectionate recreation of Shaw Brothers kung fu, but for all its inventive weaponry & varied fighting methods, its heady mêlée of sex & gore, its grand gestures and nostalgic stylings, it is also entirely lacking in any real substance of its own.
Numb pastiche, so frazzled you can't find a pulse.
The grindhouse grinds on. There are a few pretty sparks among the ugly noises.
It's never as much fun as it ought to be and is let down by dull performances, some disappointing fight scenes, a lacklustre script and a general lack of conviction.
Appealing supporting turns from Russell Crowe and Lucy Liu can't salvage this shoddily structured and messily executed homage to the martial arts movie genre.
An in-yer-face showcase of violence, female objectification and Eastern, wu xia action made to make adolescent lads drool.
It's sure to gain cult status but it's still a real mess.
A mixed bag of lumpen dialogue and martial-arts magic that never quite coalesces into the delirious mayhem we'd hoped for.
Rather than excitement, the most convincing feeling evoked here is déjà vu.
For a man who makes his living as a performer and a wordsmith, the writing and acting of this rapper turned filmmaker both leave a lot to be desired.
Crowe has a blast - and has never been better - in this oversteamed paean to chop-socky classics. With its severe edit, though, the narrative proves almost incomprehensible.
Slo-mo and blood fountains, choreographed and synchronised fight scenes inside and outside the brothel (where much of the action takes place) are all treated with genre-loving enthusiasm
Revenge, redemption and brotherhood are the themes of this mash-up martial arts spectacular whose elements range from haphazard and confusing to visually thrilling
Kung fu fans will be happy that Iron Fists exists and is just as entertaining as they hoped it would be.
Grisly and goofy, this ode to the Shaw Brothers' '70s-era kung fu epics serves up 96 minutes of murder and mutilation and not a lot else.
Wearing its influences proudly on its sleeve, fans are likely to lap it up with glee.
Oh, how 'The Man With the Iron Fists' longs to be 'Kill Bill.' It isn't, but its environments, blood-letting and martial arts, along with an interesting score and soundtrack, make no bones about its filmmakers being Quentin Tarantino devotees.
RZA's obvious and infectious affection for the genre carries the film past its equally obvious rough spots.
he film does have some interesting choreography and the props department outdid themselves when it came to weapons, but the only reason to focus in on that stuff is because the rest of the movie is so unimpressive.
Crowe and Liu wander through their roles but the movie does provide a bit of entertainment and fun.
Within the barebones scaffolding of its story, there are ample opportunities for delivering many massive martial arts smack-downs. All are wasted.
Let the brilliant, epic silliness of The Man With the Iron Fists engulf you in a tsunami of crimson cheese and you, like I, will have a super-happy-fun-big-smile-crazy-face-monkey-time.
Russell Crowe and Lucy Liu have fun hamming it up, but considering The Rza's obvious passion for the genre, this could- and should, have been much better.
The Man with the Iron Fists is fun as hell and it knows what it is. RZA's Blaxploitation, Kung Fu Remix debut sounds and looks stellar.
Lunatic, slipshod, absurdly violent, horribly acted, and borderline incomprehensible.
A combo of kung fu choreography and Hollywood gore carefully held together with cheese.
This film is what you would get if you took somebody who had watched all the martial arts films in a 1980s video store...if you took their id and ran it through a juicer.
The Man with the Iron Fists is all appreciation and no perspective. It hopes to get by on a certain level of considered cool. For the most part, it does.
While fun and made to fully maximize the stylized action, the movie is the work of a serious student of the genre rather than a master with a gift for reinvention.
Equal parts Jack Burton and Richard Burton, Russell Crowe bellows and bloviates through the entire movie. That's a compliment to this lovingly cheeky and aggressively choreographed, if not overly exciting, valentine to shabby-grindhouse martial arts.
Highly stylized kung-fu spoof, filled with blood-spurting and limb-hacking
...nothing less than a misbegotten mess that frustrates and annoys more than it entertains.
For those who grew up on a steady diet of kung fu movies, The Man with the Iron Fists is everything you'd want in a modern fight flick and more.
paying homage to crappy films simply leads to yet another crappy film
There's little happening here except slavish imitation and embarrassing hackwork.
If Iron Fists is sometimes badly made, it is refreshingly badly made.
No matter the medium, RZA is a world-builder who has conceptualized the contours of the rich, bloody, dense universe he created down to the most insignificant details.
(RZA) is a terrible actor, an incompetent narrator, a mediocre writer and (spatter) paint-by-numbers director.
The blood spurts, the knives shoot out, and the fists fly - but The Man with the Iron Fists never takes off.
Whatever it is, The Man with the Iron Fists is more plodding than riotous, in desperate need of an actual filmmaker to clarify its sincere tributes and silly winks.
Goofy and derivative in all the right ways.
Only for those who love their martial arts flicks no matter how cheesy or silly - or those who love the (sometimes discordant) mix of Asian and hip-hop culture.
RZA unleashes his passion into the film, so even when the story or action isn't working, something else on screen is.
It's Russell Crowe's unhinged performance that's the crown jewel of weirdness in this joyously bizarre little action movie.
"The Man With the Iron Fists" is the type of movie that feels like you are always coming in half-way through, even if you watch it from the beginning. As an exercise in genre, this is the highest compliment.
'The Man With The Iron Fists' may not be the most accomplished or polished film of the year, but it may be the most heartfelt...
An homage to old-school kung fu movies that ends up being more fun in theory than it is on the screen, "The Man With the Iron Fists" boasts some giddy, bloody action sequences and a whole lot of dull genre cliches the rest of the time.
With its ultra-bloody action and magical implausibilities, it drips authenticity.
At 96 minutes it is exactly 93 1/2 minutes too long.
For those of you who've been looking forward to a totally awesome and crazy martial arts flick, prepare to be epically disappointed. Because this movie SUCKS!
It occupies a middle ground between the '70s-obsessed eye of Tarantino, and the bold magical silliness of 'Big Trouble in Little China'
Clarity is essential in a film of this type, and as often as not (RZA) gives us chaos;
It's a movie that's more concerned with striking poses than telling a story or delivering even one exciting action sequence.
RZA's directorial debut, The Man With The Iron Fists, shows a lot of love for the kung fu classics and martial arts movies which inspired it, but it doesn't quite have that feel of exhilaration that they have.
It may just be one of the best bad movies ever.
The chop-socky wire-fu scenes are beautifully choreographed, but pretty crudely edited; despite its gourmet neo-grindhouse trappings, the film won't bring the heat like you've never seen before.
As erratically enjoyable as it is consistently ridiculous, the martial arts pastiche "The Man With the Iron Fists" is the latest evidence that the vogue for neo-exploitation cinema shows no sign of flagging.
As endearing as it is exhausting, The Man With the Iron Fists bears strong resemblance to a hyperactive puppy: sloppy, scatterbrained, manic and migraine-inducing, but possessing an earnest sense of excitement.
It's all sufficiently well done and amusing enough to satisfy the appetites of fans who mainline this sort of thing, but it also sports a concocted, second-hand feel common to this sort of throwback homage ...
Goes a long way in demonstrating that a bad movie with big names is still a bad movie. Just prettier.
A combo-platter mixing classic martial-arts cinema in all of its glorious excess with the beats and breaks and attitude of hip-hop
The Man with the Iron Fists is a visually glorious mix of violent chop suey, Blaxploitation and spaghetti western conventions, played to a hip-hop beat as only RZA could do.


@highlight

Messy kung-fu homage The Man with the Iron Fists demonstrates a slavish affection for the genre it mimics, for better or worse.