Nair lets her drama unfold thoughtfully and draws impressive supporting performances from Kiefer Sutherland, as Changez's Wall Street boss, and Liev Schreiber.
Every new revelation is signposted so heavily, you can almost hear the hammer blows.
There is a lot of plot to get through, and Nair employs some interesting visual devices to help sweep us through the morass of characters and history as she tackles big themes in a complex layer of issues.
A provocative, ambitious drama about the unconsidered assumptions that power our cultures, for good or ill.
Despite some promising moments, it never quite coheres into a convincing story. It's worth seeing... but it ultimately feels like a missed opportunity - like a pedant groping for a profundity beyond his moral ken.
Reasonably thoughtful, moderately engaging material dealing with some thorny issues. It may be a catalyst for intelligent conversation, which is more than you can say for most movies.
The film seems to dance around the idea of being really critical of America-of analogizing American "exceptionalism" with Islamic fundamentalism-and instead resolves itself with an ending more befitting of a beauty pageant contestant's speech.
The film's international intrigue is unlikely to resonate too closely with today's headlines because of a conventional approach that alternates between a mechanical thriller and a shallow if provocative character study.
The very fact that Nair -- who is very at home on the subject of culture clashes -- tackled a thriller is noteworthy, as is the fact that she doesn't blow it.
A notable cast - and noble intentions - can't elevate what is a very ordinary film.
The film from writer William Wheeler and director Mira Nair ("Monsoon Wedding') is smart and complex, as unwilling to cling to one ideology as its protagonist.
A confronting and compelling look at post-9/11 racism in America.
Novelistic film wants to spark discussion about race and fear
Flashes of a great novel don't overcome missteps
Director Mira Nair is eager to explore the long-range effects of post-9/11 paranoia, but can't quite get the film's thriller element to click.
This film version morphs its uncertainties into big screen clichés.
As Nair's film forgoes provocation for pandering, it assumes a tragic air, albeit not for the reasons she intended.
It highlights the up-and-down nature of the film - some parts are compelling while other parts are unconvincing.
William Wheeler has forged a richly complex, achingly satisfying screenplay from Mohsin Hamid's hugely popular, Booker Prize shortlisted novel and Mira Nair has turned it into a significant and powerful film with something to say
Riz Ahmed delivers a towering performance as Changez, the son of a Pakistani poet who achieves the American Dream before finding his own truth
One's interest is diminished as the dramatic focus becomes unclear, petering out in well-meaning rhetorical confusion.
A lurching, stuttering drama, one whose intentions are far better than its sense of storytelling rhythm.
It's a timely narrative subject, but its treatment in The Reluctant Fundamentalist is fundamentally flawed.
The Reluctant Fundamentalist is a small personal story, based on a novel by Mohsin Hamid, that has been inflated into an unwieldy epic. It's a brave one, though.
[An] assured adaptation of Mohsin Hamid's novel.
Nair has found a real gem in Riz Ahmed, who anchors the film with a charismatically watchable performance. He's in virtually every frame and you hang on his every word.
This is a film that makes some very interesting points about how society and the media can combine to create history's monsters.
among the most provocative releases of the year
Aside from the lead-pipe moralizing, Mira Nair's timely and important film is an eye-opening parable about identity and how it relates to the War on Terror.
[Mira] Nair's 'home is where the heart is' theme means she is never too distracted from reminding us that every human being deserves a point of view.
In her process of cinematic adaptation, Nair has removed much of the source novel's ambiguity.
Something is lost in translation, perhaps because Nair is at her best with more personal, less expansive epics such as Salaam Bombay and Monsoon Wedding.
It's hard to dismiss Ms Nair's attempts to map out the anatomy of a potential terrorist. The actors, particularly Ahmed and Hudson, are excellent.
The picture is long-winded and rather predictable but Ahmed is terrific and it's beautifully made by director Mira Nair.
At any rate "The Reluctant Fundamentalist" is an interesting movie with some interesting performances, it's just too unwieldy for its own good.
Ambiguity is at the heart of the novel, but Nair is never quite sure what to do with it.
You leave the cinema with your teeth clenched, muttering: "at least it meant well".
As a culture-clash story the film works well enough, but as a character study it's a bit of a scramble.
[It] proves what we all knew or suspected. Good art isn't about ideological bookkeeping.
An intriguing film about the blowback involved when melting-pot America goes to war.
"The Reluctant Fundamentalist" serves as a welcome rejoinder to some of the more jingoistic rhetoric of the last dozen years.
It most disappoints as a thriller, the flashbacks and voiceovers and romantic entanglements so dominating the proceedings you forget that someone is bound and gagged in real time.
Boosted by a terrific lead turn from Riz Ahmed.
A provocative political thriller which, despite Riz Ahmed's electrifying central performance, is too uneven and over-stated to realise its dramatic and polemical ambitions.
Engaging, beautifully shot drama with a commendably balanced script and a terrific central performance from Riz Ahmed ...
There's much to enjoy in 'The Reluctant Fundamentalist': fine photography, juicy supporting turns from Kiefer Sutherland and Om Puri, and a powerfully sustained sense of a man adrift in a world going mad.
Seriously rich in suspenseful, subversive complexities about the roots of extremism - that should appeal to international audiences.
Ahmed excels and the set-up is compelling but ultimately this is middle rank stuff from the Monsoon Wedding director.
The film not only functions well as a thriller and an exploration of post-9/11 paranoia and prejudice, but a thoughtful look at fickle, knee-jerk human psychology of judgment in the wake of tragedies.
An earnest, serious film, but ultimately one that fails to satisfactorily dramatize the subject--or to transcend a bare, frustrating didacticism.
A film unfortunately characterized by as much cake-and-eat-it ambivalence as those commitment challenged lovebirds. And with an ideological resolution wavering between two extremes, and in the end neither of them.
The Reluctant Fundamentalist is a pretty ballsy political thriller that puts a much needed different spin on the war on terrorism in film and happily piggybacks on the shoulders of Riz Ahmed who carries the film with ease.
This sure-handed adaptation of Mohsin Hamid's international best seller shows Nair at her best.
Nair and her writers are trying to tell an honest story about a thoughtful man being violently pulled in different directions.
Deliberately ambiguous, "The Reluctant Fundamentalist" provides just enough answers while leaving us with more than enough questions.
Come for the barrage of clunky plot devices but stay for the morally repugnant comparison between religious radical killers and capitalists.
Despite the charismatic efforts of the British actor Ahmed, The Reluctant Fundamentalist gets bogged down in proselytizing and plot.
Takes [the book's] riveting tale and flattens it, blunting much of the nuance that made it a great read.
Handsomely crafted and smartly performed, the film works on its own terms. But in expanding the story's canvas, it dilutes rather than translates the power of the book.
Fairly insightful as a drama, but barely adequate as a thriller. Ahmed is pitch-perfect as the conflicted hero, but he's in two movies that cancel each other out.
Nair's film draws a clear parallel between violent Islamic fundamentalism and job-destroying capitalist economic fundamentalism, and firmly rejects both. If only good intentions made up for heavy-handed dramatics.
Nair adds a thriller element by shifting back and forth between Changez's story and the escalating hysteria in the present time, all the while making us question Changez's part in it. The frustrating thing is, that ends up getting lost in the shuffle.
"The Reluctant Fundamentalist" often feels as if it's going nowhere. By the time it reaches its ambiguous conclusion, at least it should have helped us understand where Changez is coming from, but it doesn't.
...the movie goes full-tilt sledgehammer with parallels between the corporate culture of greed where quotidian terrorism involves ruining workers' lives and the more clear-cut brand of blowing-up-everybody terror.
Flawed but more compelling than it sounds.
In the end it feels oddly unsatisfying, because the film's jumbled structure undermines the point it's making.
Nair is so busy making sure we never lose sympathy for her handsome and charming protagonist that the film ultimately founders in a tangle of humanist platitudes.
Powerful, edgy, but overlong film about search for identity.
Riz Ahmed is perfectly cast as a young Pakistani man who, in the year 2000, emigrates to the U.S. to live the modern American dream.
It's a dogged, thoughtful and well-acted movie that might have been more effective if it kept a narrower focus.
Timeliness is certainly on the side of Mira Nair's uneven but fascinating The Reluctant Fundamentalist.
It's a middlebrow drama, but Changez's transition from elitist Princeton grad living the Wall Street dream to radical Lahore professor is depicted in convincing fashion.
Should have been thought-provoking, but the protagonist remains frustratingly enigmatic.
The heavy-handedness -- the strip-search begins with the loud thwack of rubber gloves -- reduces Hamid's characters to talking points.
This beautifully textured drama about a man caught between two cultures reflects the distrust, misunderstanding and harsh political reality of Pakistan-American relations.
A movie imposing in its breadth and depth.
Alas, the film's relevance - and ultimately sane upshot - is buried beneath a meandering and oft-implausible plot.
By literalizing the idea of American military aggression and all that it implies Ms. Nair doesn't just invest Mr. Hamid's story with Hollywood-style beats, she also completely drains it of ambiguity.
The movie's failures are all the more unfortunate because they detract from its central and conspicuous success, the performance of Riz Ahmed in the title role.
If there ever was a time to see "The Reluctant Fundamentalist," that time is here and now.
The Reluctant Fundamentalist collapses in a heap of wool-gathering humanism that feels warm to the touch, yet fatally hedges its political bets.
All the elements are there to tell a sharp, strong story, but director Mira Nair and screenwriter William Wheeler take the events of the day and simplify them into a blunt force object where subtlety and wit are replaced by sermonizing and melodramatics.
Ahmed keeps bringing the focus back to an intriguingly ambiguous center. His scenes with Schreiber have a crackling tension, and he pushes back against the script's obvious manipulations.
When Nair tries to take in the larger picture, her focus goes slack, and all that's left is a blur.
As the story unfolds, new dimensions change our perceptions of the central characters, sometimes for better, and occasionally for worse. The point is that every character and every setting has at least two sides.
Dense, ambitious, consistently interesting but sometimes murky cross-cultural, cross-continental exploration of the roots of extremism, prejudice and revenge.
Director Mira Nair chooses to go flabbily macro with the story's riches-to-radicals themes, as opposed to pointedly micro.
At times it's dense and sluggish, too much like a novel. But there is some exhilaration to be had ...
Absorbing and intriguing, but in the end the film never finds the right pacing or structure to satisfy the dramatic arcs.
Illuminating but heavy-handed.
The tense dialogue between East and Post post-9/11 is turned into a tense, often gripping duet between a young Muslim professor and American reporter.
The laziest sort of political cinema, full of straw men and finger-pointing, wrapped up in an awards-friendly bow by its beautiful cinematography and a manipulative world music-y score.
Nair carefully manipulates the viewers' prejudices & forces us to take sides in a conflict more complicated than it first appears, all to make us ultimately step back and look at the 'whole story' of East-West relations in their broader context.
An emotionally vibrant story of the scourge of terrorism, the nightmare of fundamentalism, the dangers of zealots of all types, and terrible results of xenophobia.
Mira Nair again reminds us of her frustrating inconsistency as a filmmaker, enlisting a fine cast and strong technicals - Declan Quinn's sumptuous cinematography is particularly enchanting - but failing to cover the, ahem, fundamentals first.

@highlight

The Reluctant Fundamentalist is technically proficient, with solid acting and cinematography, but its message is so ambitious and heavy-handed that some of its power is robbed.