Its sense of space and time contains not only sadness and boredom, but something more curious, the resilience of newly born hope, like a slender green spike emerging out of the soil.
Ballast, if anything, is spellbound by location, and we all know what a spell will do.
Worth seeing as an example of the lengths to which a filmmaker will go to establish his career - but don't ever mistake it for sociology.
His brilliant "Ballast" was as much a hit in Seattle as it was at Sundance.
With debut director Lance Hammer admirably holding on to his core values in a way that directors too easy to deliver a crowd-pleaser do not, this is a fine, low-budget independent film...
Hammer manages to do enough with his actors and his nuanced script to make this exploration of the way even disparate people can provide stability for one another seem surprisingly engaging.
The opening half hour is electrifying, the ending interestingly open-ended...
A hugely impressive, distinctive directorial debut and a compellingly humanist window onto a layer of American society that mainstream cinema likes to pretend doesn't exist.
This airy, quiet meditation on the struggle of three people to transcend abject poverty and unexpected loss will likely play as too dialled-down for many tastes, but persevering with it will reveal a rare, peculiar mystical quality...
Quite a debut here from writer-director Lance Hammer, working on a minuscule budget in the Mississippi Delta, and evoking a memorably forlorn kind of regional specificity.
Naturalistic performances from a non-professional cast add to the austere integrity and touching humanity of this bleak tale.
This is a director who understands that a whisper can be as powerful as a shout, and in its own quiet way, Ballast is a stunning achievement.
A difficult, subdued film, but intelligent and with more intricacy and subtlety than at first appears.
Sags in the final third, but the impeccable craftsmanship keeps matters afloat.
Hammer makes exceptional use of British cinematographer Lol Crawley's evocative imagery and Kent Sparling's visceral sound design...
Drugs, guns, attempted suicide. The Mississippi Delta is a watercolour landscape in duns and half-colours. Black poverty is turned over like the underside of the American dream.
Although the film never fulfils the promise of its elliptical, mysterious opening - the drama occasionally lacks momentum as it proceeds towards some sort of resolution - there's no denying its intelligence, compassion and assurance.
It puts the 'blue' into bluegrass, but finds plenty of uplift and emotion too. Excellent.
Powerful, semi-improvised performances bring us closer to the isolated characters, who movingly earn themselves the possibility of redemption.
Has the sparse purity of barren trees and the brutal intimacy of a broken vow.
... the cinematic equivalent of a miniature, a piece carved out of the stories of three troubled and damaged souls...
The overall thrust of the story -- that downtrodden folks in desperate circumstances have the capacity for goodness -- is one too rarely seen.
Debut writer/director Lance Hammer has rendered [Ballast] with something that can only be called radiant austerity.
This ostensibly simple film evokes whole lives in 96 minutes, and does so with sparse dialogue.
Ballast is a movie that insinuates itself, and forces you to think about it later, and that alone makes it stand out.
This is a cinematic tone poem, where the dominant mood is a Faulknerian mix of sorrow and endurance...
Even as it stubbornly resists any sense of closure, it cautiously reminds its characters and its audience that hope, and the future it promises, is sometimes more a matter of conviction than revelation.
What this unclassifiable story may lack in decibels, it has in emotional depth.
Ballast lacks ballast. Much praised by aficionados of minimalist indie cinema -- hey, who needs a plot when you've got mood? -- it's a wearying slog through anomie in a Mississippi Delta township.
This austere, rigorous film has a sense of place, a feeling for reality so compelling it makes us feel like we're living it, not just watching on a screen.
The direct, shimmering minimalism with which Hammer tells his story also gets to some fairly real, universal stuff.
Ballast is an impressive first feature.
The Mississippi Delta was the birth place of the blues, and Ballast gives the region a comparable visual expression for both frustration and the resolve to survive.
A mildly subversive storyline is presented in the most inoffensive way possible.
The movie is a beacon of independent filmmaking, not simply because Hammer opted more or less to self-distribute it, but because it's evident that we're a million miles away from Hollywood.
Ballast strikes me as one of the few American pictures of 2008 to say what it wants to say, visually and narratively, about a specific situation and part of the country, in a way that transcends regional specifics.
A film that has, for lack of a less overused critical phrase, haunted me since I saw it. There's a deep sadness in Lawrence, Marlee, and James' eyes that is very hard to shake.
Lance Hammer shot this debut feature in natural light, using nonprofessional actors, and with its jump cuts, music-free soundtrack, and plaintive Mississippi Delta landscapes it seems as raw as the characters' emotions.
I always say I hardly ever cry at sad films, but I sometimes do, just a little, at films about good people.
Feels almost like a documentary, inviting us to experience these people's lives with them while sharing their desire for escape.
a small gem of humanity brought into sharp focus without sentiment
Rating high in the unvarnished truth department, "Ballast" does not bring enough entertainment to the table to merit the price of admission. A commendable exercise in plainness does not constitute a reason to see this film.
A doleful movie that often has a lump in its throat, but it's also a poetic and illuminating movie that earns its attitudes and effects, including the lumps.
An impressive and courageous filmmaking debut that screams Sundance for all the right reasons.
Ballast reminds us that you can find poetry in the unlikeliest and the saddest of places.
Both the script and the performances keep audiences at a distance; Hammer deliberately avoids scenes or moments that would make sympathy or identification easy.
The first film in some time that has attempted to bring Bressonian singularity and emotional depth to the American independent picture.
Hammer, whose blunt name belies the movie's many subtle touches, has his own distinct style. He also has an enormous trust in the audience to sort out this wounded family's miseries without the assistance of narration or even a musical score.
Ballast is truly a winter's tale, set in a bleak and rainy corner of the Mississippi Delta and recounting the story of three African Americans teetering on the edge in just about every way.
...marks a new talent to watch, but this one is for patient art house audiences willing to overlook story development in favor of tone and mood.
The audio is occupied by only the sounds the characters make ... moments of silence open up an emotional void.
It's an impressive directorial debut that will leave viewers speechless at the end--not necessarily in a good sense.
Ultimately, it's a satisfying character study, even if it ends much like far too many Romanian movies without a real conclusion or resolution.
There's a terrific short film buried in Ballast.
Hammer's script is spare and pertinent, without a wasted syllable, giving his characters believable voices against the bleak and grey canvas of the Delta farmlands, stunningly photographed by Lol Crawley.
As the movie comes into focus, you feel the lives of the characters echoing backward through time.
Ballast (another Frozen River, wallowing in the miseries of the underclass) is designed to provoke bourgeois moviegoers' pity.
Ballast is a serious achievement and a welcome sign of a newly invigorated American independent cinema.
More akin to 'Killer of Sheep' than 'Little Miss Sunshine,' a deliberately paced tone poem that's heavy on mood and light on plot.
A slice-of-life adventure featuring a principal cast of non-professionals whose gritty naivete manage to imbue the production with a palpable sense of super-realism, even if in service of a Bill Cosby-infuriating display of black on black dysfunction.
A bona fide critic's darling
Transports us headlong into the bleak lives of some residents in the Missippi Delta.
Stinging emotional truth and raw grit, stark in its simplicity. But captivating to behold, as these wounded lives flow into ours with all the natural, unassuming spontaneity of strangers we come to know and to care about enormously.
Ballast reminds us how phony and programmed most Hollywood products are, repudiating the condescension with which it so often treats poor people, especially if they're black.
It's really just Indie Filmmaking 101; the hand-held shaky-cam work and jump-cutting go all the way back to Breathless (1959), if not a million other films.
Lance Hammer's Ballast suggests and suffers from the influence of the Dardenne brothers.
Beautifully composed...it gets you by playing hard to get.
With spare and minimalist yet powerful strokes, Ballast, the feature debut of the gifted Lance Hammer, captures a slice of African American life in the Mississippi Delta in a way that recalls the early lyrical work of Charles Burnett (Killer of Sheep).
An extraordinary debut.









@highlight

A searing debut by director Lance Hammer, this subtle and contemplative Mississippi set drama lingers long after its conclusion.