Final Destination 5 won't be known for any stellar performances, but first-time feature director Steven Qualye can rest assured he scared the daylights out his audiences.
The opening credits sequence is a work of mad genius. And then, unfortunately, the movie starts.
Though not a great horror film by any means, Final Destination 5 succeeds as a comedic splatter fest solely by sticking to Stephen King's old motto: 'If in doubt, gross 'em out.'
Final Destination 5 benefits from smart 3D, but even in 2D, the set-pieces will satisfy -- presenting some of the most outrageous kill sequences in franchise history.
It's testament to the 2000 original that there's still so much mileage left in the 'death is coming for you' concept 11 years later.
The deaths are just as gruesome and fun as ever, but the script's utter lack of originality drags things down quite a bit.
I don't have a lot to say about Final Destination 5 save that, for the first time ever, I actually enjoyed sitting in a theatre watching one of these efforts from beginning to end.
when you finally get to the end of the film, it works in the context of the series and definitely tops the previous installment
The performances are amateur (at best), the formula is predictable, and there's nothing scary going on here.
Does clever writing a horror movie make? I think it does. And if you do too, then set your GPS for 'Final Destination 5,' one of the best of the dark-humored, grisly components in the franchise about people meeting their demise in bizarre ways .
It's a neat, tidy, tightly wound little horror picture with a single-minded intent to startle you out of your seat while causing you to laugh immoderately.
Not even a tacked on surprise ending can save this mess.
we just like good-looking young people being killed off in inventive and gruesome ways! Death is a sick puppy . . . and so are we!
Stabs at the dramatic don't amount to anything that makes us care, even for Bell, who has been solid on AMC's The Walking Dead and in the chairlift chiller Frozen.
The end result is a better-than-average sequel that will surely thrill fans of the Final Destination movies, and it's ultimately difficult to recall a horror franchise that has fared as well (and remained as entertaining) as this.
to 5 mporei na mhn einai to prwto film ths seiras opoy tha matheis epiteloys giati tsantizetai o thanatos otan ton myrizontai ta thymata toy kai to bazoyn sta podia, alla einai to prwto poy apofasizei na prosthesei ena kapoio meta sthn olh fash
a gruesome but entertaining spectacle
If you don't mind repetition, love a brilliantly horrible death, and like having your peepers assaulted - FD5 could be the Friday night film of the year.
...had me holding my hands over my eyes for the first time since Natalie Portman did horrible things to her cuticles in Black Swan.
FD5 is a perfect example of what 3D ultimately does best, which is to make you squirm, shudder and jump in your seat. Enjoy.
Final Destination 5 is moderately enjoyable splatter for those in an undemanding mood but never attains any real scares or resonant moments.
It's a spectacle that requires a certain detachment and a strong stomach, but it's highly recommended.
As sick and sorry as some of the outcomes prove to be in FD5, there can be no denying there is often some wild imagination and genuine inspiration in play.
A link into the earlier films at the close of 5 is nice, but adds little overall, and though it might be fun with a bunch of friends on a Friday night, hopefully this is the end for what has become a very tired franchise.
The best all-around installment of the series (since the original) with an opening sequence that just misses rivaling the intro to the #2 freeway pileup.
Blood, gore and splatter are plentiful in this fifth film of the franchise in which premonition morphs into reality and death follows
Ironically enough, it's the journey, not the destination, that makes these movies so damn fun.
I have to admit it appealed to my wanton inner child, though if asked to name my favourite premonition movie it would be Ealing Studios' classic Dead of Night.
Quale knows exactly how to toy with the expectations of his victims (and his viewers) before bringing down the fatal blow from an angle that no-one quite saw coming.What's more, he is not afraid to embrace 3D for the tawdry gimmick that it is
Final Destination 5 is a much-improved installment for the series on the heels of the terrible fourth film, The Final Destination, and an example of getting what you pay for in a suitably satisfying manner.
Works, and works well, thanks to some terrific droll humour and the best 3D to hit cinemas all year.
Surprisingly inventive...
Approached for what it is - a series of over-the-top gruesome death scenes pieced together by an implausible plot - this might be the best Final Destination yet.
The result is more than usually frightening.
No surprises, but plenty of laughs and gasps.
You have to admire the glee with which each young life is snuffed out.
The kill-or-be-killed twist could have made this the best Destination since the first, but the idea is woefully underdeveloped even if the film is nevertheless gorier and smarter than the diabolical fourth instalment.
Fans of this franchise know precisely what to expect, and the film delivers it with wit and flair.
The 'Final Destination' franchise is the Ramones discography of horror cinema: There's not a lot of variety, but if you liked the first release, there's no reason not to like the rest.
There's blackly witty ingenuity here without too much misanthropic sadism, and a genuinely neat chronological twist that I didn't see coming, despite one conspicuous clue.
Notable is the film's proficient use of 3D--the best such example of any 3D movie so far this year.
Quale's witty kills are such a blast you may wish they hadn't wrapped the series up so neatly.
Upholding franchise traditions in amusingly grisly style, the Reaper's latest round-up is definitely up to snuff.
True, some of these scenes seem to defy the laws of physics, but who cares when the special effects are this good?
Inventive, superbly acted and featuring some terrific special effects work, this is a hugely entertaining, suitably grisly thriller that's much, much better than that 5 might lead you to expect.
It's all good fun.
It sticks to gimmicky scenes in which twentysomethings are dispatched in ingenious ways, but first-time director Steven Quayle delivers cheap fun that will keep fans happy.
Time for death to call in sick?
A surprising infusion of energy and macabre humor reanimates this horror franchise.
Death is never final so long as the box office and foreign market sales remain relatively strong, thus we have yet another devastation destination in time for the end-of-summer theatrical doldrums.
Delivering the deftly choreographed calamity that's carried the series thus far, Final Destination 5 doesn't cheat the series' followers.
The 3D deaths are a truly mind-blowing, major squelch-and-crunch fest of bodily matter... make your date with death for this finale as it offers the perfect 'gutsy' night out.
The usual TV actors -- including some fellow who looks the love child of Tom Cruise and Peter Gallagher's eyebrows -- being systematically offed because they cheated death.
Are we dead yet?
92 fleet minutes of the absolutely pointless evisceration of characters we care about not even slightly, given a sheen of carnivalesque gaudiness thanks to the hugely discredited 3-D process.
The same plot the first four versions had but this time with a more inventive way of killing and some needed humor.
It definitely is no small feat to make a decade-plus-old horror series feel a bit re-energized in its fifth go-round, but it's time to truly send the series to its own final destination while they're (unexpectedly) ahead.
This mindless mayhem preys on contemporary angst and uncertainty.
Two great death sequences don't make a movie. Just awful acting and pacing ruin the fun this film could be.
There's no wicked fun left in this series.
The 3D isn't just a gimmick it's an integral part of the movie, fun deaths, and decent cast but the entire thing is marred by a horrific (and not in a good way) third act. Fails to arrive on time by a few minutes.
Death takes no holiday!
Over-the-top, bloody good fun.
This latest 'FD' outing boasts some of the best visual effects ever, especially the bridge-crumbling sequence at the beginning of the film.
Nothing wrong with a well-made horror movie, and FD5 makes the grade. Paul Chambers, CNN.
The death sequences are fun; unfortunately, nearly everything in between is tedious and mechanical.
I don't like to kvetch, but I do think it's a little unfair when I see the same film over and over, and I have to keep coming up with something new to say about it.
Director Steven Quale stages the death scenes with intermittently effective black humour to juice up a premise that, essentially, has all the suspense of watching the line at an abattoir.
The producers have brought the franchise back to basics with more gruesome deaths and a twist that will have the audience wanting more from the series.
Under the direction of James Cameron protegé Steven Quayle, the visual effects from Ariel Velasco Shaw (who has crafted mayhem on everything from 300 to Freddy vs. Jason) ensure that no industrial hook through a skull is left unimagined.
So tapped into its audience's giddy schadenfreude that beyond a kinkier-than-usual jolt of black humor and some clever red herrings, the formula remains rote...
From the opening credits to the final kill this film displays a great use of 3-D.
A long and eventually tedious series of deaths, all in slightly sickening 3-D. Splattered eyeballs, snapped spines, heart kebabs - one numbingly after another, in diamond-hard focus and ruby-red color.
Generally technically slick, briskly paced and painless to watch, assuming you're not the sort to squirm miserably at the sight of anatomical mayhem.
Final? Really? How can something with final in the title have a five after the word?
It's not about being scary and its not about shocking you with torture porn, Final Destination is simply about stupid fun.
I think we're pretty much done here.
'Quality' is off the table here. But below-the-belt Dog Days thrills? Final Destination 5 might be able to scare some up.
Stay away from all reviews/spoilers of this film, including mine, until you have seen it for yourself. If you're a fan of the series, you will not be disappointed.
For the most part, it's the same old, same old, once again presented for the second time in theaters in 3D, all to make the blood and gore all the more, well, gruesome and in your face. (Full Content Parental Review also available)
It delivers on the promise of its 3D with some truly gnarly gross-out deaths.
These movies are starting to cross over into pure genius territory with their ever-evolving sense of self awareness and addition of 3D.
This is a purely cathartic, visceral experience, not having anything to do with characters or plot.
Director Steven Quale invests the production with a little more wit than usual. You're gonna want to keep an eye on the production design.
Very playful with the complex and ridiculous series of events and actions that will lead to each character's death, which gives the audience some giggles
One of the cleverest and most darkly comic "Final Destinations," with several fun deaths. And, yes, "fun" is the word.
A suspenseful and macabre exercise in dread for the absurdly cosseted.
First-time feature director Steven Quale has brought this anemic franchise back to life, with an unexpected infusion of humor and energy.
Stick a fork in the Final Destination franchise - probably something that's been done in some variation to a poor slob in every one of the ongoing series. It's done.
Do the kills measure up? They do, in a fashion as laughably over-the-top as you'd expect. The movie is as thrilling as a roller-coaster ride (another instrument of death, put to sinister use in Final Destination 3) and about as profound.
After five films consisting mostly of sinister establishing shots of screws unscrewing themselves, I'm ready to cry 'no mas.'
Some actual, honest-to-goodness thought and care went into "Final Destination 5," decidedly the best sequel in the bunch.
"Final Destination 5" is irresistible, and the reason it's irresistible is that it speaks to us in the language we all understand, which is fear.
What does it say about a horror movie -- especially the fifth in a long considered DOA franchise -- that you simply want the storyline to stop and the inventive deaths to occur?
The Godfather II it isn't, but for teens with money to burn, there are worse options to curdle blood.
A new wrinkle in how the killings spool out actually makes the film even more predictable, and the deaths, which tend to be squirmy rather than explosive, are so perfunctory and lazily jokey that they leave a decidedly bad aftertaste.
An anemic installment in the decade-old series that seems content with giving viewers more of the same.
Scores miles ahead of torture-porn trash...and even improves on its predecessors in cleverness and suspense. Of course it's still what it is, and that's not much.
"FD 5" did not raise even a single goose bump - which for a movie that bills itself as horror is not a good thing.
I'd venture to say it's the best Final Destination sequel - if you gauge success by overall shock value.
... there's no final "Final" in sight, good news indeed for New Line and Warner.
It's now all strictly about the elaborate kills, and the associated red herrings. If you know and dig this, you'll have a blast.
A hugely satisfying tension comes from tapping the dread we push down to get through a life of constant negotiation with danger, whether it's crossing a suspension bridge or crossing the street. Who needs Freddy when routine plane travel is so fraught?
Final Destination 5 starts with an R-rated 3D bang, but the cheap thrills wear off way fast, and we're left with atrocious acting, feeble writing and clueless directing.
While it has been made with just enough style to arguably make it the best of the series to date, that still doesn't make it good by any stretch of the imagination
Thanks to solid suspense and a clever resolution, FD5 is more fun than watching household objects conspire to brutally murder disaaster survivors (in 3D!) has any right to be.
I'd rather see a documentary about the peaceable, versatile uses of WD-40, but you know teenagers.
For existing fans of the Final Destination franchise, this movie is an absolute must see.
Maybe the filmmakers just got a little lazy, but it was disappointing to watch it wrap itself by becoming just another killer-in-human-form thriller.
The script and acting satisfy the genre's requirements by being thoroughly forgettable.
The 3-D sequel is the best incarnation since the original. Let me be clear, this is no great horror film; it's simply better than versions two, three and four, which isn't saying much. But this is Final Destination; it's critic-proof, so enjoy the ride.
When stuff that serves us turns deadly, we're in a world of hallucinatory hurt. FD5 occasionally generates that kind of frisson, but it never goes bone-deep.
Definitely marks an uptick after the last horrendous installment and it has moments that work but it ultimately fails to add anything new to the unexpected Final Destination anthology.
It almost kills me to say that Steven Quale's Final Destination 5 brings sanity to a single-minded, broken record of a franchise that has, until now at least, seemed predisposed against thoughtfulness.
It's still schlock, mind you -- but artful schlock, and a marked improvement over the preceding entry.
To borrow from TV terminology, the series hasn't jumped the shark yet, but the strain of inventing bizarre deaths is beginning to show.
To say that Final Destination 5 is the best installment since the original is both faint praise and a pleasant surprise.
FD5 is a success on every level, from the insurmountable tension, surprisingly solid performances and inventive gore shots, five times looks to be a charm for this successful series.
Spoiler alert: Everybody dies.
Aiming for a different angle, the fifth installment, which is technically proficient, slightly tweaks the formula in a way that should please the series' loyal fans but won't recruit new ones.
Constrained by a formula as restrictive as the elements that define haiku or iambic pentameter, scripter Eric Heisserer and first-time feature helmer Steven Quale nevertheless generate a respectable amount of suspense in Final Destination 5.
The main attraction is still a string of inevitable and grisly deaths; but this time the effects are better and there's some actual drama and comedy between the send-offs.
It's a slack but competently executed film of a script with butterknife-dull dialogue and actors cast because of their "type."
Who needs a creative storyline or meaningful connections when you can just string some shocking images together?
I expect this movie to make a lot of money at the box office, spent by fans eager to see still more cool ways for hot young characters to be slaughtered. My review will not be read by any of these people. They know what they enjoy.
A few inventive shocks are scattered throughout, but the rest is unremarkable madness, punctuated with a thriller-style conclusion that resembles another movie altogether.
More than enough surprises to keep you intrigued, on your toes and frightened. Solidifies itself as a solid part of the series through an incredibly smart and eerily touching conclusion.
A stunning, surprisingly credible marriage of acting, story, and effects.
Easily the most shocking and disturbing movie in the series and if they choose to finally end things here, they would be ending things on a high note.
the best 3D horror movie ever made, as much for its superlative technical merits as for its satisfying thrills
There are a few, er, head-spinning twists you won't see coming, and an ending that would make Steven Slater smile.
Final Destination 5 is not only gruesomely entertaining, but it has managed to breathe new life into the franchise.
It's suspense overload that had me squirming in my seat like a 5-year-old watching "Barney". Quale squeezes every ounce of air out of your body & leaves little room to breathe

@highlight

It's still only for the gore-thirsty faithful, but Final Destination 5 represents a surprising return to form for the franchise.