The Blues Brothers is, by any objective standard, a messy wreck... That this is so does not in anyway change that it is an absolutely wonderful movie.
There is no more material sustaining The Blues Brothers"than one would find in a silent comedy short running 10 or 20 minutes.
lightning in a bottle created more than 30 years ago
A dazzlingly enjoyable, memorable road trip of comedy and music from two of SNL's best.
...an epic musically charged comedy, the likes of which has never been seen before or since.
A cult classic for adults and older teens.
This long, expensive 1980 cult movie has an energy and individuality lacking in similar films nowadays.
An undisciplined, overlong tale that substitutes spectacle and star cameos (Twiggy, Steven Spielberg, etc) for a coherent narrative.
The film retains a huge nostalgic kick, thanks in large part to Aykroyd and Belushi's easy rapport, a smattering of daft, shaggy humour and some truly iconic musical sequences.
I have never been quite sure why this $30 million comedy made by John Landis in 1980 became such a cult.
Formless, chaotic and lazy, and quite brilliant because of it.
The mere spectacle of Elwood and Jake in their shades isn't quite as giggle-inducing as it presumably was back in 1980, but the stunts are still awe-inspiring, and there's plenty of laughs. They really were thinking big.
Full of belly-laughs as well as toe-tappingly great tunes, the sharp suits and cool shades of the Blues brothers will have you rocking with joy.
Call me sacrilegious, but I don't think The Blues Brothers is all that great.
There's no indication that Landis knows what the words "pace" or "mood" mean. He operates on one track.
A demolition symphony that works with the cold efficiency of a Moog synthesizer gone sadistic.
A cult musical comedy film with a still-growing reputation.
A monument to waste, noise and misplaced cool, but it does have its engagingly nutty moments.
Given all the chaos, director and, with Aykroyd, cowriter, John Landis manages to keep things reasonably controlled and in a straight line.
Still sounds great, and looks as good as ever through Ray-Bans.
A damn fine mess of a movie.
The humor is predicated on underplaying in overscaled situations, which is sporadically funny in a Keaton-esque way but soon sputters out through sheer, uninspired repetition.
Context is crucial: This messy, self-indulgent comedy was made at the height of SNL and Muppet Show, catapulting to pop-culture icon status Belushi, Aykroyd and Candy, though best moments are those of performers like Aretha Franklin and Ray Charles.
I am never not amused by the Blues Brothers.
Though The Blues Brothers takes nothing seriously, it has seriously changed the landscape of comedic history and blues music forever.
Frequently over-the-top and aggressively raucous, it's one of my very favorite comedies -- and musicals.
You've never known fun until you've watched this!
There's even room, in the midst of the carnage and mayhem, for a surprising amount of grace, humor, and whimsy.
This essentially modest movie is reported to have cost about $30 million, and what did all that money buy? Scores of car crashes. Too many extras. Overstaged dance numbers. And a hollowness that certainly didn't come cheap.
Big, loud, often obnoxious, but surprisingly sweet-tempered.
It's many excesses just make this brilliant slapstick musical even more enjoyable.
One of the funniest movies I have ever seen. A classic in all sense of the word.
The Blues Brothers is packed with lively music, fantastic chase sequences and nonstop slapstick comedy.
Bloated, overlong, too many car crashes, too little humor. A big disappointment.
There's not one ineffective cameo in a movie with many because there's no sense of stunt casting or camera hogging.
The story is thin, but there's a consistently wonderful over-the-top mentality.
Goes on way too long, but still a fun movie that immortalizes John Belushi
Just about the only Saturday Night Live skit that makes a successful transition into a feature-length comedy.
Landis at the peak of his powers. Brilliant, deadpan comedy.
A classic for all time!















@highlight

Too over the top for its own good, but ultimately rescued by the cast's charm, director John Landis' grace, and several soul-stirring musical numbers.