So much of "The Assignment" is offensive. Rodriguez and Weaver both try to enhance the lousy material, but these fine actors deserve better than this lousy B-movie
Terrific noir thriller. Rodriguez is daring, provocative and sensational as a hitman. A must-see, so rent or buy it.
Even moving beyond its sticky politics, The Assignment is simply a lousy film.
Instead of giving Millennials the heroic gender transition that they demand, Hill insists that we think deeper - perhaps about the media's popularizing of sex reassignment and the painful complications that such a choice entails.
...a real curiosity and is probably destined for cult status.
On the one hand, this thriller starts out with a ludicrous, wrong-headed idea, but on the other hand, as directed by Walter Hill, it's so skillful and pulpy that it could become a cult classic.
Transphobia is the least of this mindless exercise's multitude of problems, beginning with the fact that the premise is so laughably implausible.
Under Hill's direction, Weaver doesn't seem to enjoy a moment of her sociopathy. But she's not the only one. Everyone gets a walloping here, if not a bullet to the head, in this grimy attempt at film noir.
Hill, working with co-writer Denis Hamill, is going through the motions as far as the main revenge storyline is concerned.
Rodriguez and Weaver are riveting. This lurid B-movie has cult following written all over it.
Hill has been mulling The Assignment's story since the 1970's, and that in itself may prove a cautionary tale: If it's taken you almost 50 years to finally get your story made into a movie, it probably wasn't that great of a story to begin with.
From its bad-taste premise to its chintzy production values, the film is deranged.
In the hands of a better writer, perhaps the idea could have at least found something clever to say about the gender roles of action cinema. As is, though, you have to ask: what's the point?
Has enough skill and personality going for it to make it worth checking out, even if it doesn't quite live up (or down, depending on your perspective) to its borderline sleazy premise.
"The Assignment" is an embarrassment all around, a murky, regrettable piece of gutter cinema. Next year's Razzie Awards race starts here.
[I]ts biggest sin isn't cultural, political, or anything of that nature. No, the biggest problem is that it's dull.
It will never be confused with one of this filmmaker's finest, but if you can get on the movie's bonkers, pulpy wavelength it's kind of a hoot.
The seamy characters in Walter Hill's cracked-out crazy, low-budget, neo-noiry thriller The Assignment don't share conversations. They exchange protracted expository speeches that sound like a playwright's explanation notes at the beginning of a play.
[Not] a "good" movie in the conventional sense of the word, but it's a great piece of unbridled pulp fiction and a fabulous showcase for Weaver and Rodriguez.
Unconventional, flamboyant, daring, provocative, and with Hill's playful when not pathologically crafted preference for outsiders. And more about masculinized females or its opposite as gender neutral ruthlessness, than transsexual anxiety as an issue.
The Assignment isn't quite as nutso and passionate as it ought to be. Even the violence, gritty at times, feels a little impersonal and detached. But the film's tawdry precision is compelling by itself.
There's howlingly awful and then there's "The Assignment," a thoroughly ridiculous, numbingly slow neo-noir thriller about a low-life hit man forcibly given gender reassignment surgery by a vengeful doctor.
While "The Assignment" is nonsense, it's not especially interesting nonsense, watching Hill flounder as he tries to make a potentially distasteful premise into a graphic novel-inspired romp that's miscast and entirely free of suspense.
This is perhaps the angriest movie Hill - longtime specialist in tough-guy fare such as "The Driver," "Last Man Standing," "Red Heat" and "Bullet to the Head" - has ever made.
The tricksy structure doesn't have much of a payoff (even though Mr. Hill constructs sequences with deft fluidity). And the role of the surgically altered assassin defeats poor Ms. Rodriguez.
The Assignment is an arguably watchable but eminently dismissible hunk of junk, strictly for late-night consumption.
With an arch wink and a nod, THE ASSIGNMENT dissects society's norms via its less reputable elements as cleanly and mercilessly as Jane removed Frankie's manhood.
It plays like Pedro Almodovar's "The Skin I Live In," but rewritten by someone who really, really loved "Sin City." That is not an endorsement.
Hill simply went off the rails with this one and delivered something so wildly lurid and insane that it's a jaw-dropper of ill-conceived bad taste.
Rodriguez absolutely tears it up as a stomping, cussing nuclear core of male swagger, both before and after the surgery.
Titillating and trashy, it's an audacious excuse for a lurid killing spree.
The sad truth is it's too dull to be offensive.
What an incredible missed opportunity Walter Hill's The Assignment turns out to be.
Calling it disappointing would be an understatement.
Reprehensible, yes, but it's also dull and inept. Fans of Walter Hill should treat his latest effort like the kind of car crash from which it's best to avert one's eyes.
Walter Hill and Michelle Rodriguez seem to share Frank's confusion over the precise difference between cosmetic and biological reality.
The Assignment is not so naïve as to presume that "moral and political considerations" are irrelevant to its effect, but once you wrap your head around the premise the effect is more or less played out.
It's too clunky to be any kind of real provocation.
The film is far too dumb to cause any offense, except perhaps on good taste.
A misguided and derisible mess...
Politics of sex and gender aside, '(re)ASSIGNMENT' is junk.
The film's dialogue is entertainingly hard-boiled, and the performances knowing without ever being arch.
Deliciously cheesy, pulpy, and trashy in all the right ways.
Interesting premise but marred by a low-rent production. Sigourney Weaver makes it almost worth watching.
(re)Assignment is one hell of an ugly film and I'm not just talking about its grimy aesthetic.
The dialogue is about a dumb as you'll ever hear in a film, and the set-up isn't far behind, but overall (re)Assignment is actually pretty dull.
(re)ASSIGNMENT doesn't deserve to be as bland as it is, but that's the reality audiences will unfortunately live out.
For the work of a 74-year-old veteran director, the movie feels dispiritingly juvenile, more like the fantasy of a frightened boy than a film-making great.
Once the giddy critical pile-on and hate-watching settles down, the (justified) moral outrage that (re)Assignment tries to thwart will end up being the regrettable and forgettable film's only lasting legacy.
Should be sent back for its own experimental surgery.
If it's time to tread in '80s nostalgia - and, while we're at it, why not a dash of post-Tarantino '90s crime-flick remembrance to go with it? - (Re)Assignment speaks to these needs.
A B-movie in which the b stands for bad, a film made with such staggering idiocy that it deserves to be studied by future generations for just how and why it ever got made.
Despite liberally quoting Shakespeare and Edgar Allen Poe, the screenplay is just not sharp enough to make the audience feel vindicated about dumbing down.
For longtime fans of the filmmaker, this Canadian-made low-budget revenge yarn will be embraced as Hill's most entertaining and, on the terms it sets for itself, accomplished film in some time. It's an instant cult item.
Gracelessly mashes together hardboiled crime-melodrama cliches and an unintentionally funny "Oh no! I'm a chick now!!" gender-change narrative hook.

@highlight

The Assignment 's premise is bizarrely intriguing; unfortunately, it's also just one of many ingredients fumbled in a disappointing misfire from director Walter Hill.