A movie that has a tremendous premise and awesome special effects that are ultimately hindered by a script that prevents its characters from every fully taking off.
Light entertainment is all about playing to an audience's fantasy. There have been quite a few well-crafted and entertaining films that have started the same way and gotten away with it, out of sheer creativity. Jumper is not one of those films.
A better filmmaker would have given the material some kind of vertiginous rhythm, yet Liman just plods humorlessly, flavorlessly.
Ignore the previews. Unless there was a drastic change of storyline in the editing room at the last minute, the final cut is a lot more interesting than originally advertised.
Jumper is a popcorn movie, but without salt or butter. Too many of the kernels remain unpopped. It's like the Saturday matinees of yore. But by the time you've crossed the lobby after seeing Jumper, you've forgotten it.
An elegantly idiotic sci-fi thriller that initially feels as though it might have derived from Philip K Dick -- but lacks the master's lysergic idiosyncracy.
Jumper is almost in too much of a hurry at times and logic and cohesion suffer as a consequence.
Director Liman is a major talent. He deserves better material to mold.
The movie isn't terrible and I certainly liked the superhero aspect of it, but the romance doesn't work and it has a rushed, sloppy feel throughout.
Sam relishes doing super-mean and ready to rumble, while Hayden jaunts around the planet sightseeing, bank robbing and hitting on women.
"Jumper" is a plodding, action-less mess, in which we'd only be interested if we could comprehend what the heck was going on.
The worst sci-fi concept since The Adventures of Pluto Nash placed Eddie Murphy on the moon.
If Jumper too often feels like a special-effects demo reel in search of a story, at least the eye candy is pretty darn sweet. [Blu-Ray]
The film is just very sloppy and seemed like it was just pieced together really quickly to be released as fast as possible.
As a travelogue, it makes a compelling case for Rome, Egypt and Tokyo as vacation destinations. As a story, it is stillborn.
By mid way, you wish the jumper were you. Teleporting yourself to the outer lobby would be far enough.
There will be many questions that linger and will continue to linger once the credits roll, but I had a blast just the same...
glitonei ti mayri trypa shedon apokleistika hari sti hazomara tis synthesis tis ideas tis tainias, poy kalyptei me ena campy peplo tin asynartisia tis ektelesis
I really liked this movie but unfortunately much like its lead character, played effectively by Hayden Christensen, it moved a little too fast.
Uma pena que, ao se preocupar excessivamente com a idéia de gerar uma nova e lucrativa série, o filme se esqueça de si mesmo.
The backdrop -- a flimsy fantasy version of a real life, politically messy tragedy -- reminds you yet again of the utter inconsequence of Jumper.
Highlander for a new generation: a cheesy, globetrotting film certain to be savaged by most critics, but also a mindlessly entertaining yarn likely to lead to a string of sequels and/or TV adaptations.
A complicated mess that doesn't offer audiences a single challenge beyond the very real challenge of getting through it.
How can such an interesting concept end up as such a boring movie? One reason: Hayden Christensen.
Pared-down with flat-footed characterizations, tacked on scenic shots of worldly venues and a choppy script that isn't disciplined enough to tap into our escapist imaginations, Jumper is a toothless travelogue that treks up the wrong charted route.
It's easy to see why audiences have embraced this critically lambasted film: Its premise is irresistible.
Jumper is the worst kind of movie, a concept charged with stellar potential and a plumbless creative reservoir that instead squanders its promise on mediocrity and outright banality.
For a movie about a guy jumping around a lot, this one is pretty flat.
The opening of Jumper is so similar to the opening of Spider-Man that Stan Lee's copyright infringement sense must be tingling.
Last week was oddly synchronistic for me.
...a mindlessly engaging piece of escapist fare that benefits from its uniformly able performances and refreshingly brisk running time...
A movie of marvelous little moments framing giant dumb contrivances.
Jumper isn't a comic-book movie, but it feels like one.
I'm not going to beat around the bush here: Jumper is a terrible movie.
It's a good premise for a story, but is very sketchy.
So indefensibly bad that it goes beyond awfulness to become, if not good, then at least hugely entertaining in its unintended hilarity and transcendent dopiness.
It's a concept without a story.
Boring, bland and nasty. Christensen is the new Ryan Phillippe - no compliment unless you enjoy annoyingly blah detachment. And Bilson is a damsel of whom you hope distress gets the better - anything to shut her droning, dull yap.
Jumper is like a glorified TV pilot from 2005, when supernatural dramas were all the rage. It will make it onto the schedule, but have its legs cut out from under it before the season is over.
The disappointments and the inexplicable plot turns kept mounting until I finally surrendered and just admitted it: This was just a goodlooking clunker.
One day, I feel sure, the rich mantle of charisma will descend upon [Hayden Christensen], but Jumper is not that occasion.
So lazily assembled and unenthusiastically performed that it could very well be an alternate cut of itself, assembled from takes that were justly consigned to the cutting room floor.
Hayden Christensen gets stuck in a globe-trotting fantasy that goes nowhere.
It's a grab-bag of high points and low points.
Important plot points are left unexplored, and there's no killer climax, so you leave the cinema deflated rather than thrilled.
There's Samuel L. Jackson with frosty white hair snarling, 'There are ALWAYS! CONSEQUENCES!' That's worth some money, I suppose.
It feels like Jumper might have been longer at one point, then had everything but the action scenes removed. What plays on the screen is therefore an empty, hollow shell of a film that keeps you at arm's length.
...questions pop in and out of the picture almost as frequently as David himself.
Jumper is so bad that it might be useful in film classes to show students what not to do.
As a distinct premise, Jumper offers tantalizing possibilities. While the film speaks to some of the far-reaching potential of the power, though, it also follows story formulas that weaken it.
So freakin' awful.
Incoherent, unimaginative and silly sci-fi thriller.
Jumper is riddled with plot holes and useless action sequences in a wasted attempt to fill time.
It may be mindless and sexless and humorless, but Jumper jumps.
Jumper, based on the novel by Steven Gould, re-defines -- downward -- the notion of dreadful. It does so by dispensing with everything a movie needs for a shot at being merely awful.
The best stuff in Jumper comes early, while the movie is still busy explaining its scenario. It's only when all the pieces are in place and the story actually kicks in that things start to fall apart, and quickly.
It's Christensen's lumberlike performance and some really dumb plotting and dialogue that the film will probably be remembered for most.
Jumper has so many loose ends that it almost cries out for a sequel. This, of course, is intentional. I would say the filmmakers are being a tad optimistic.
Like so many other CGI behemoths, this dull action fantasy ultimately squashes rather than inspires one's sense of wonder.
It's got just enough charm, story, and action to fill a half-decent trailer -- and the trailer doesn't set you back nine bucks.
Jumper teleports straight to the 'Worst of '08' list.
An elaborate but messy sci-fi chase...marked by flat characterization, a narrative rife with illogic, and surprisingly poor special effects.
A movie so silly you may find yourself giggling helplessly even as you wish you could magically transport yourself almost anywhere else in the world but where you are, in front of the screen showing it.
t's Liman's least charismatic action movie and the least developed, but it still packs some cracking action into its brief running time and lays foundations on which a great franchise could be built.
The only force on Earth so dense that it apparently can't be moved even by the movie's special effects is Christensen's wooden acting.
Jumper is junk, a halfway decent premise destroyed by some of the worst hiring choices in the history of motion picture personnel.
With exotic locations and good special effects, this film is entertaining enough, given what it is.
All scribes involved understand the superhero formula rather well and have fun presenting a familiar premise (that of transporting characters) into an entertaining ride. But perhaps it's all too familiar.
Same old song: this is cinema as globalized theme park ride.
Doug Liman's worst film but it's still fun.
This movie is paced for an audience that grew up multi-tasking and its aesthetic sensibility and depth of story-telling is equivalent to a beer commercial.
Since there's nothing popping on the screen apart from the effects, Jumper is a one-trick pony. Yes, it's a neat trick, but it's still 90 minutes of pony.
Is there something innately vexing about a story whose premise opens the door so wide, to so many geographical possibilities? Jumper, the film, goes everywhere and nowhere.
This mind-numbingly bland production will rob you of your time and your money. ... [It has] no character development or chemistry whatsoever and downright dull cinematography.
Though dazzled by its ultra-modern wizardry and the high gloss of its production values, one can also feel the globalist double standard roiling underneath the adolescent-kid fantasy plot.
No exciting action can cover the film's profound shallowness and repulsive attitude toward everyone but Christensen.
Cool concept, good acting, respectable cinematography; but the depth is sadly missing. Jumps away from any kind of in-depth dialogue and headlong into the same type of action.
has a tremendous premise and awesome special effects that are ultimately hindered by a plot that doesn't go deeper than its ''isn't this cool?" gimmick.
If not for Jamie Bell, this should've gone straight to video.
I can't see people lining up for a sequel -- unless Samuel Jackson's hair grows out and marches on Tokyo.
Given its uninvolving story, uninteresting characters and the presence of half-man/half-tree Hayden Christensen, the movie is wholly dependent on special effects, which I rate only so-so.
Doug Liman's Jumper takes an intriguing premise -- a guy who can teleport himself anywhere, anytime -- and turns it into a totally ridiculous and incoherent sci-fi adventure.
Liman's movie candy is philistine, banal and lacks surrealist thrill. His sci-fi, quasi-political allegory is like an X-Men or Hulk narrative told from the ass end.
Jumper is a barely coherent genre mishmash about a guy who transports himself across the globe at will.
Adapted from Steven Gould's young-adult novel, Liman's tale of the bookish high-schooler with unusual powers isn't a shot of adrenaline, it's an OD.
In Jumper, the fantasy of teleportation grows stronger by the moment -- after just a few scenes, you want to be somewhere else.
It took three screenwriters to turn Steven Gould's novel into an unholy mess.
Jumper takes leaps that have nothing to do with telepathic transporting. They involve logic and storytelling, and they doom this sci-fi film.
The proceedings soon deteriorate into one more tedious slugfest, with some laughably inane dialogue and so many story holes that you quickly lose count.
Jumper never contends with its biggest liability: the fact that its main character is neither a lovable rascal nor a fascinatingly dark antihero, but just kind of a smug tool.
The film looks great, but at a brisk 88 minutes, there's no time to fill in back story, and the cliffhanger ending is so abrupt that the movie seems bizarrely truncated.
Short on imagination and anchored by a wan hero, Jumper is a flight of fancy that never fully takes off.
It's that rare genre picture targeted to teens and young adults that suffers from underkill.
Liman's pursuit of action comes at a price: He seems to have cut too finely, removing character development and even a few characters.
Logic takes the greatest leap in Jumper, a sci-fi thriller that plays like a frog jacked on steroids.
It's positioned as the first installment of a trilogy and, if Christensen follows through on the character's promise of greater charisma and depth, I'll willingly line up for the next two.
Jumper has all the pieces of an exciting, engaging supernatural slugfest: exotic locations, cool high-tech toys and sweet special effects.
Jumper seems half-done -- a long prologue building to a classic hero's journey or the launch of an antihero -- but comes to a screeching halt before it can begin either.
It's too busy flitting all around the screen to establish the moral and personal connections that would make the story engaging, let alone the narrative sense that would make it worth following.
Jumper is a special effect in search of a movie.
The movie isn't horrible, but it is pedestrian, and bound to disappoint fans of Stephen Gould's novel and of science fiction in general.
It's a paradox, but science fiction has to make sense: It can rest on the world's most outlandish premise, but only if its internal logic holds up to scrutiny. And Jumper can't make that leap.
Woefully short on script, the picture ends up disappearing down the wormhole of its own premise.
A herky-jerky mess of a movie, Jumper leaps about so erratically you get the feeling bent pogo sticks were employed in the editing room.
Jumper skips emotional traction (or humor) in what feels like a rush to the inevitable sequel or two.
You have to take everything for granted in Jumper, including the idea that Christensen and Rachel Bilson could show human emotions. These stone faces stand at the center of a story that's as flimsy as taffeta.
This movie should be playing on the CW between episodes of Reaper and One Tree Hill.
There's enough kinetic energy in Jumper to light a thousand houses. Unfortunately, there's no one home in any of them.
Size matters: Jumper may be the gifted helmer Liman's biggest, most technically-driven picture but it's also his weakest, lacking plot, characters and other "old fashion" film attributes.
The film . . . ends up promising more than it can deliver. For all its epic locations, Jumper remains pretty small-scale.
A superpower human without the need to do good for humanity. A 90 minute trailer for Christensen's starring franchise.
Any movie that requires a video game to fill gaps in the story raises a red flag.
Would you pay full entree price for an appetizer? Well, Jumper is more like the bread you get before the waiter brings the appetizer to your table.
After a while, even seeing the Roman Coliseum again is boring.
'Jumper' is as annoying as any film in recent memory. And it violates the chief rule of a science fiction thriller by being amazingly boring, as well.
A lethargic, incomprehensible event picture that is the action film equivalent of Phil Collins' Take Me Home video.
[F]eels like half a movie... pallid and empty and barely even raises questions that should be asked, never mind actually answering even a couple of them...
Director Doug Liman is after something ambitious here...
It plays exactly like a trailer that has been stretched out to 88 minutes%u2013all money shots with no story or engaging characters to tie them together
Imagine how the world might be changed if people could instantaneously transport themselves anywhere... If you can, you have more imagination than the people behind [this].
The teleporting premise is intriguing enough to hold our interest, but the screenwriters never make anything of it, letting the story get increasingly corny.
Doug Liman's sci-fi thriller is stylish and fast-paced but it's let down by a messy script, a frustratingly under-developed plot and a wooden performance by Hayden Christensen.
lifeless
Maybe the goal of Jumper involved making you dislike its protagonist ... If so, then congratulations would be in order.
[Christensen's] utter vacancy is a bane on Jumper, an otherwise serviceable sci-fi thriller that would have benefited from a compelling center.
Doug Liman's latest effort Jumper has so many problems, so many things that are just plain haywire, so many dangling intangibles left unexplained (or, worse, unexplored) trying to recap them all here would take the rest of this young millennium.
Spectacular...a head-spinning, duck-in-your-seat bullet of popcorn entertainment that could shake the winter blues out of multiplexes everywhere.
Makes us focus too much on its storytelling shortcomings when we should be impressed by the light and sound show.
Can we just cut to the chase here? Hayden Christensen has all but killed his career with his performance in Jumper.
Add Jumper to the list of movies with nifty premises that are squandered by a sloppy, rushed execution.
With no one to root for, no adequate story development, and action scenes that are the epitome of underwhelming, Jumper is a lost cause.
Christensen speaks with a horribly affected voice which is a cross between Jeff Spicoli and Al Pacino. Is this supposed to sound cool and tough, yet, free spirited?
An impressive feat as a vehicle for Doug Liman to pull out the stops with some of the most jaw-dropping stunts shot in some of the most amazing locations on earth.
Technical tricks can't hide a tired time-travel story dressed down with an almost humorless script.
There's no real behavior, just endless movement brought off with empty crackerjack skill.
Fortunately, the movie possesses the sense of fun Christensen seems to have had surgically removed.
As a travelogue, Jumper isn't half bad, with lots of juicy images of Rome, Tokyo, New York and other splendid places. But we're supposed to be watching a sci-fi action film, and that's where things go south.
Jumper is fun, and maybe that's enough to justify seeing it.
The action is grand and wildly imaginative, shot and edited so adroitly you wish the movie could have teleported in some genuine human characters.
This rare misstep from director Doug Liman, about a young loner who finds he has the power to teleport, ironically goes nowhere.
The eye-popping visuals soon devolve into a visual white noise, and you're left to ponder why you didn't make a better movie selection.
It presumes, with misguided cynicism, that Rice's oafish choices reflect the smoldering fantasies of any average guy who might wish to jump himself out of an unforgiving, single-parent household in Ann Arbor, Mich.
The lazy regard for David's moral crisis, or lack thereof, is pitiful.
What everyone wants on Valentine's Day: something decent-looking with no personality!
Jumper had potential, though. It's got a clever premise. And at its best, in the beginning, it almost feels like the pilot for a prime-time series you'd like to see more of. But now we're jumping ahead of ourselves.
A whole lot of teleporting [with] a story that seems unfinished.
One of the cardinal rules when making a motion picture about a superhero, especially one no one has heard of, is not to make the integrity of the story depend on the existence of a sequel. Unfortunately, that's a rule that director Doug Liman breaks.
This breathlessly goofy, globe-trotting action flick about 'jumpers' who can teleport anywhere they like would have been far more entertaining if it didnâ(TM)t star the aggressively wooden Hayden Christensen and Rachel Bilson as the leads.
Jumper is pretty slick, entertaining stuff, well-crafted by Liman, edited into a tight, action-packed bundle of nerviness.
Jumper strains credulity, even for a fantasy-action film; its lead character isn't particularly likable; and Samuel L. Jackson sports funny hair.
A piece of idiotic sci-fi piffle called Jumper looks like $90 billion wasted on 90 minutes of popcorn junk. Even the butter is phony.
Jumper never really seems, for all its spatial to-ing and fro-ing, to get up and moving properly. Perhaps it should have been called Hopper...
Slick but extremely slim.
All the state-of-the-art visual effects in the world can't compensate for spotty plotting and bland characters that prevent an intriguing premise from going the distance.
The result is a blurry patchwork of images that suggests that Something Bad is Happening. Excuse my sarcasm, but the effect is so un-cinematic as to invite ridicule
Expect critics to make a lot of 'we wish we could have teleported right out of cinemas showing it' remarks . . .
A movie about wormholes made from a script riddled with more holes than Hillary Clinton's campaign strategy.









@highlight

Featuring uninvolving characters and loose narrative, Jumper is an erratic action pic with little coherence and lackluster special effects.