Discriminating horror fans should also note that it's the most exhilarating fright flick to hit theatres since last year's The Descent.
Severance is a story of terrible things that couldn't have happened to funnier people.
Sitting through its increasingly sluggish pace feels like, well, work.
For the most part, the scary parts are the scary parts, the funny parts are the funny parts, and never the twain meet.
The result is a cathartic hoot, relishing its own carefully doled out carnage.
Will surely make you laugh, but the guffaws are few and far between. That's hardly a caveat when you consider the statement made here, though...
A slasher film with a brain, cleverly constructed with strong performances and storyline....The Office meets Deliverance....
Like a special episode of 'The Office,' scripted by Clive Barker.
The cast shows spark and gusto, especially Laura Harris as a vulnerable yet intrepid survivor type and Danny Dyer as a bent druggie who straightens out long enough to fight back.
For the odd at heart, it will be worth the wait.
It is wonderfully wry, and contains some great gags.
So there's still a smart office-horror movie left to be made. In the meantime, Severance is just another paycheck.
Like the Britain of Tony Blair, it's neither bloody awful nor bloody great. Which isn't to say, rest assured, that there isn't plenty of blood.
[Smith] paces the gore too unevenly, leaving the cast standing around and griping for vast chunks of time. And the jokes ... are either too broad or too underplayed.
For fans of the genre, this is the film of the year.
It turns into yet another graphic Hostel-style killfest that eventually washes away all the fun ... with lots of blood.
"Severance" is just enough of an exploitation satire (think, Roger Corman in his heyday) to hold your interest beyond its gratuitous knife, blood and breast recipe for suspense and shock.
The sadistic silliness is given a heavy-hand.
Like Shaun of the Dead, the movie enthusiastically embraces all the grotesque clichés we love and have come to expect from the form -- turning several on their ear.
At heart, it's a sophisticated variation on Friday the 13th, a splatter film with a slightly more interesting collection of targets.
Comparisons to Shaun of the Dead are wildly overblown. Shaun had pages of hilarious dialogue, and Severance has, well, none.
Severance is a slasher film, no more, no less, with a veneer of jokes and some mild pretensions to meanings beyond its strict genre obligations.
Severance is a bit of British fear-mongering that pulls you in with a nifty mix of black humour and white-knuckle scares.
You got your humour, you got your horror, simply ratchet up both and, voilà, Severance -- or, as the billing not inaccurately puts it, The Office Meets Deliverance.
Splatter comedy meets comic splatter in this brash crossover film that puts seven white-collar workers in the scary wilds of Hungary where psycho killer Russian ex-military lurk.
For decades horny teens have been the slasher movie's victims of choice, but this darkly funny British import finds more deserving targets: the sales team of an international weapons manufacturer.
The filmmakers want to have it both ways -- the funny and the sadistic -- but rarely do so at the same time with any success.
Anyone who ever thought that maybe they could write a movie will, at least once, think to themselves, "I could have done so much better with this idea."
[O]ne of the more outrageous black comedy/horror flicks I've ever seen...
The Brits have been coming up with some creative horror films, both serious and humorous. Severance continues this push of the creative.
Smith can't find a tone to settle on here, and his imagination for the macabre is limited to the torture-porn aesthetics that have long overstayed their cinematic welcome.
Severance will have you laughing one minute and feeling terribly unsettled the next.
Every clash of tones that worked in Shaun of the Dead goes haywire here.
Put it on a level with a mid-series Halloween.
Funny and scary in deftly equal measure.
For British horror-comedy we'll take Shaun of the Dead, and for funny office dynamics, we'll take The Office.
This is a severance package that may kill you... we nearly died laughing.
Full of energy and appealing recklessness even when the jokes are obvious, the movie isn't so tedious as suggested by its opening scene -- big-breasted women running in abject terror from men with guns.
Severance seems to be posing as some kind of ironic, darkly funny takeoff on slasher movies, but I think it's mostly just a slasher movie.
It does possess an enjoyably English gallows humor along with a strong visual style and a knack for making its bloody mayhem both creepy and droll.
If you can handle the warts-and-all filmmaking, Severance is definitely worth your time, if not your $9.50. In other words, wait a few months and definitely check it out as a rental.
The strong cast of somewhat familiar faces meshes well, and the film's first half contains some wonderful byplay.
They say, "Dying is easy, comedy is hard," but this cheeky gore fest proves that balancing the two is the trickiest act of all.
... in the final third, the humor peels away, leaving us with a fairly standard-issue fright fest.
It's both very funny and very scary, and never descends to the level of spoof.
The irony is thick, and the deaths are brutal, as horror and humor are spliced with social commentary. The British film sends up scary movies while building characters whose fates matter to the audience.
A sloppy, implausible slasher movie.
You'll need a strong stomach, but director Christopher Smith mixes lots of laughs into the gore. Despite its predictable finish, Severance is bloody good fun.
A Cold War postmortem that shades the triumph of the West with the bloody mess we seem to have inherited.
corporate negligence works for a few laughs, but cuts out way too early for anything more
It's remarkable how much just a modicum of wit can spice up the standard backwoods slice-and-dice. Scaring people with a horror film is easy; entertaining them takes a little skill.
[Inserts] the funniest bits of British comedy into the type of gory slasher flick that will make even the most jaded horror fan giddy.
This failed attempt at a horror comedy is one of those rare movies with virtually nothing to recommend it. I only note it here as a consumer service for those who might be misled into expecting it to be scary or funny, or both. It's not.
Severance turns a corporate retreat in a Hungarian forest into a bloody game of whack-a-mole. (Team building and paintballing are so last year.)
But it all ends up being such deliciously scary stuff, and the comeuppance leveled upon the attackers is so gloriously macabre (and warranted), putting up with a few distasteful bits is a hardship I'm almost happy to endure.
In the sea of blood and gore rolling down theatre aisles nowadays, this cheeky, scary horror farce proves that the comic slasher movie isn't dead yet.
Like a lesser '80s slasher movie, Severance is fine while it lasts, and forgettable once it's over.
Christopher Smith's Severance is an odd but entirely welcome duck: a horror spoof that strays into zones of political and ethical consequence, without ever becoming mired in them.
The pacing is uneven, leading to a bumpy road where laughter and gore sometimes complement each other and sometimes are at odds. This makes Severance more of a mixed bag than an unqualified success.
The chintzy characters, hair-raising deaths, and one spectacular rocket-launcher joke aren't enough to give Hostel a run for its blood, but they will keep the desensitized occupied.
The most outrageous and exhilarating moments of Severance zip by like Apocalypto on whippets, gory but hilarious.
A comical cautionary tale which ought to trigger a little paranoia in the souls of any advocates of the Military-Industrial Complex.
Unlike [Dr. Strangelove], to say nothing of a whole spate of recent movies (including The Host and Land of the Dead) that have employed genre as a means of social criticism, Severance isn't a sustained work of imagination.
If anyone involved in this sloppy, inexplicable slasher flick had a notion of what they were doing or why, they've kept it to themselves.
Director and co-writer Christopher Smith, mischievously blending The Office with Friday the 13th, keeps things fierce and funny enough to give Steve Carell ideas.
Witty slasher pic about weapons dealers who are hoist with their own petard.
Severance is how Office Space would've turned out had Michael Bolton and Samir not been able to take their frustrations out on the office printer.
A The Office-style comedy of corporate manners crossed with a Friday the 13th-style slasher movie, with encoded satire on U.S./British foreign policy and birds coming home to roost.
It's a brutal, gruesome horror film with a dose of refined British wit, a delicate combination that serves the film remarkably well.
Severance's lame jokes are fully formed, something that can't be said about its political critique
There's nothing new or noteworthy here.
One of the actors deliberately looks at the camera at one stage -- a little smug for my liking.
click for full review [Greek]
An old-school slasher flick with a really quick sense of broad British wit, a whole lot of energy, and a seriously strong cast.
...it's not difficult at all to imagine audiences going crazy over some of this stuff (the "bear trap" sequence is an obvious highlight).
Aiming for an admirably lofty target, it's a case of close but no cigar. It's a long way from bad, but the wildly uneven tone sees it fall equally far from greatness.
Full of wonderful set-pieces of both comedy and horror, Severance is a remarkable success...
mixing comedy with horror's never an easy business, but time and again Severance cuts it.
This is the first shocker in ages where you actually care about what happens to the victims.
An entertaining mix of raucous humour and outrageous gore. Plus an intriguingly strong (and unsubtle) political message.
[Director Christopher Smith] describes the film as The Office meets Deliverance and as such, he gets the tone exactly right, balancing some genuinely nasty and shocking scenes with moments of black humour.
A long way from formula slasher fare.
It is being billed as 'Deliverance meets The Office' -- a tellingly misleading description.
Blending fierce horror and sly humour, Christopher Smith's confident follow-up to the more generic Creep marks a quantum leap forward for the young British filmmaker.
A motley group of employees from an international weapons company find themselves hilariously at the business end of their own products in Christopher Smith's razor-sharp comedy horror film.






@highlight

A twisted and bloody spoof on office life, Severance nicely balances comedy and nasty horror.