As the self-possessed governess Jane, Mia Wasikowska is perfection - relatively plain, the right age (early 20s) and charismatic, while Michael Fassbender's Mr Rochester is all glowering vigour. Pure pleasure.
Because of Jane, generations of young women have been - and will continue to be - reassured that even if they are "poor, obscure, plain, and little," they can still make a happy ending if they are true to themselves.
... suffice to say that this is a gorgeous, haunting adaptation of the classic novel.
A film adaptation of a novel, especially one as iconic as Charlotte Brontë's 1847 opus is little like musical medley, or perhaps, an overture for the grander symphonic heft yet to come. It hits all the beats, and that's all there is time for.
The new film version of Jane Eyre isn't all bad, but it's all wrong. . .What's lacking is Jane Eyre itself-Charlotte Brontë's feverish inner world of anguish and fury. Instead, everything is pallid and sedate.
The otherwise beautiful and buoyant Mia Wasikowska is amazing as the plain Jane who glows with the fire of intelligence and a sense of self-worth that the most soul-crushing abuse can't smother.
A visually beautiful, big-budget rendering of a timeless classic, Jane Eyre is certainly eye candy for fans of the gothic love story.
Duttiful, for the most part adequate and, as far as I can see, it has no compelling reason to exist
A rather anemic version of Charlotte Bronte's classic novel, Focus Film and BBC's Jane Eyre favors atmosphere over strong narrative.
Pretty as a postcard -- a postcard of a dark grey, gloomy, windswept moor
Thanks to this beautifully crafted treatment, newcomers and veterans will learn something about the past and more than likely a few things (wanted or not) about themselves.
Screenwriter Moira Buffini sticks pretty closely to the novel, and director Cary Fukunaga conjures a drab tone that nicely sets off the characters' violent but rigidly controlled passions.
The best adaptation of a 19th Century novel, with all the grandiose production design and fussy costumes thereby implied, since Pride & Prejudice all the way back in 2005, if not longer.
If Fukunaga and screenplay author Moira Buffini had any new ideas or insight to bring to the well-worn source material, they didn't bother putting it on screen.
mporeis na thn entakseis sth lykofwtismenh (i.e. Twilight-oplhkth) biomhxanikh alysida toy Hollywood, paroles tis bretanikes ths sfragides
The direction by Cary Fukunaga is real by-the-numbers rote.
( ... ) a welcome change from Horrible Bosses etc ( ... ) in an age of instant gratification, lessons about the value of solitude for long term benefit still ring true.
As Jane Eyre proves, you still can't beat a good story.
What is surprising is how vigorous and alive it feels.
Wasikowska gives Jane such intensity and intelligence that her relationship with Rochester feels absolutely right and not, for a change, wish-fulfilment fantasy.
This Jane Eyre is a good-looking film, serious, thought through and well acted.
A time-tested rags-to-riches tale with burning passions and smoldering secrets, spiked with pointed statements about morality, religion and forgiveness.
Elegantly adapted for the screen by Moira Buffini, Jane Eyre condenses the source novel into two hours of yearning and regret.
The new Jane Eyre is notably well-made in almost every respect and should you want to watch an adaptation of the story just now, highly recommendable.
Some works of art are inexhaustible, and this is proving one of them.
A film which busily ticks off plot points while failing to capture the aching, class-based challenges that presumably formed the backbone of Bronté's book.
A chaste, yet inescapably sexy love story told with depth and passion.
The film is decently acted, well photographed and sumptuously costumed - but dry, drab and a little dull.
I doubt anyone's going to fall in love with this version but it's a commendable addition to the canon that does a good job of condensing the story.
Spot on.
Those craving gloomy stairways and thunderclap atmospherics might not come away completely sated, but Fukunaga's delicate artistry leaves it hard to ask for much more.
In approaching the material with respect, restraint and simple good taste, Fukunaga has created something strangely revelatory.
This adaptation is balanced, crafted, beautifully acted, though for me without the thunderclap and lightning-bolt of passion.
This is no plain Jane.
Wasikowska probably won't win an Oscar because the strength of her performance lies in just how unassuming it is - but she should.
Impressively directed, beautifully shot and superbly written, this is a hugely enjoyable, achingly romantic period drama with terrific performances from Mia Wasikowska and Michael Fassbender.
There's no question it's stunningly mounted, and Wasikowska makes a much stronger Jane than Alice, but the romance is overripe and the climax underdone.
Following his impressive feature debut, Sin Nombre, director Cary Fukunaga has brought his keen eye and humanistic sensibilities to this oft-told story.
The end result is a decent adaptation of a hopelessly uninvolving novel, with the movie's minor success due almost entirely to Fukunaga's striking directorial choices and Wasikowska and Fassbender's magnetic performances.
A bold choice of director, striking visuals and a Rochester to rival Orson Welles' ensures this doesn't feel like just one more highbrow period piece or stodgy great-book adap.
The slow-boiling romance convinces thanks to Wasikowska and Fassbender's unwavering seriousness and commitment to selling the story. [Blu-ray]
... this new incarnation embraces the Gothic gloom and lonely isolation of the novel but, like its stoic, strong heroine, never gives in to the darkness.
Fukunaga takes his time with Jane Eyre - a rare trait of any book-to-film adaptation - and at no point does it feel like he's simply ticking off the relevant plot points.
The story is a little too compact at times but the exquisite performance of Mia Wasikowska makes this film stand out.
Far from being a worthy and stodgy literary adaptation, Jane Eyre is a passionate and romantic love story that feels as fresh as it must have done when Brontë originally wrote it.
Acclaimed director Cary Fukunaga brings his vision to Moira Buffini's screenplay, which while faithful to Bronte's 1847 novel, has in part changed the story's structure. The resulting fine film envelopes us with the power of its imagery and sombre mood
Mia's marvellous but no plain Jane in Brontë melodrama.
The colors and compositions recall the haunting beauty of Jane Campion's The Piano, which found a similar tension between the wilderness and a highly mannered society.
All the ingredients are there in this captivating film.
Heartaching and heartbreaking, and resolute in its even-keeled feminism.
Ruffled my petticoat!
A somber yet fiery adaptation of the classic Charlotte Bronte novel with sterling performances by leads Mia Wasikowska ('Alice in Wonderland') and Michael Fassbender.
A spooky, sexy, streamlined adaptation.
Shooting in the Midlands, director Cary Joji Fukunaga conjures an authentically mysterious/beautiful milieu, while scripter Moira Buffini preserves the elaborately polite (however menacing) and formal language that is one of the novel's chief delights
Respectful to the novel.
A blueprint for sexual harassment in the workplace in that time period.
A good, solid, worthy version of the story, but in one key respect it falls short of its potential.
Refined, elegant, and just a little bit too tame to capture the simmering passion of the original...Still, among the features based on the book, it stands quite high.
Beyond being a great new interpretation of a classic novel, Jane Eyre is a superb second feature from Fukunaga, a director who's on track to becoming a major contemporary filmmaker.
Its style of filmmaking is infused with a contemporary vibe that reflects its protofeminist themes while emphasizing the chillier aspects of the ghost story.
It's not a failure, it's just not a revelation worthy of a revisit.
(The movie) lacks the larger-than-life emotional grandeur that the gothic romance is supposed to elicit.
Admirable attempt - but this modernist, non-linear interpretation totally lacks a formidable leading man.
This may be the most psychologically dangerous film version yet of Charlotte Bronte's novel.
It's not warm, it's not fuzzy, it's not cuddly, but its plenty seriously heartbreaking and it's got the feeling of a classic already.
If the motion-picture industry had existed in 1847, the year Charlotte Brontë's novel appeared, it might have produced an adaptation much like this one.
With strong performances and striking, well-conceived visuals, in Fukunaga's hands Bronte's tale of love and woe becomes one well worth repeating.
Fukunaga's interpretation takes great pains to accurately capture the period in its language and costumes.
Little sunshine allowed here, with the feature finding fertile dramatic ground in pained expressions and gut-rot frustration; however, in Fukunaga's capable hands, there's undeniable beauty in all the misery and turmoil.
The film ... retains the book's strongest message as a proto-feminist tract, underlining Jane's strength and defiance.
Beautiful, elegant and creepy! It's an adaptation worth your time.
It's quite a good film, and well-worth seeing even if you don't normally go for this type of thing.
...this is a Victorian age stripped of its romanticism. In its stead is passion
The Eyre/Rochester romance has inspired happy sighs for 160 years and in these days, when so little is repressed that no one makes time for smolder, it still delivers.
It is a movie that has delved into the nooks and crannies of the author's brain unlike any other before it that I have seen, and for that reason alone I do call it a triumph and a motion picture most definitely worth the time to experience for one's self.
Somehow Wasikowska makes it all seem much more personal, more real. With her stark, starched dresses and blunt, elastic face, she draws you in, making both Jane's pain and incredible resolve tangible.
Given the superb acting, the few sparkling rounds of wordplay, and the gothic haunts that amp up the wilder aspects of the drama, this beautifully-shot Jane stands among the best of its gazillion versions.
Wasikowska and Fassbender are wonderful together. They have a joking flirtiness that seems just right for a time when public kissing would have been as off-limits as public nudity today.
Jane Eyre is a sumptuous, transcendent melodrama-it feels more tragic, more authentic and more alive than ever before. It rings true with the most important critic of all, our heart.
An atmospheric, absorbing version of the classic romance between an abandoned, plucky orphan and a wealthy, mysterious older man with a seriously Gothic secret.
Is it dreary, stingy and strained? Well, yes: it's "Jane Eyre," after all. But it's also robust and full-blooded and forceful: it's "Jane Eyre," after all.
There is not a drab image or a middling performance in the piece. The freewheeling adaptation drops needless scenes and spurs the story ahead with galloping momentum.
Our belief in the relationship keeps us invested in "Eyre" even as its dated gender/class ideas test (sometimes too much) our 21st-century sensibilities, and the story rolls out its gothic hooey.
By opening their movie with the mature Jane, the filmmakers forge an emotional bond between her and the audience.
Fukunaga performs a quantum leap from tense, topical actioners to sedate prestige productions.
True aficionados will doubtless wish the film etched every aspect of the Brontë experience but that's a quibble in light of the movie's intoxicating charms. It's impossible not to fall in love with this Jane.
Can a film be true to a classic literary source and still seem fresh? The answer is yes, and the proof is the new adaptation of Jane Eyre.
What is the one image you remember from reading Charlotte Bronte's Jane Eyre? Got it? Well, it's missing from this latest adaptation.
Jane Eyre is like having oatmeal for breakfast - it's good for you but rather plain and unexciting.
Passable yet unimaginative, a by the numbers re-do of a classic hard to mess up.
Cary Fukunaga's feverishly soulful remake of the multiply remade Jane Eyre rises to most challenges -- not the least of which is making Mia Wasikowska, a golden child of current cinema, look homely.
There may be some two dozen other TV and film versions at your disposal, but this new Jane Eyre, from director Cary Fukunaga, is a must-see proposition.
When [Wasikowska and Fassbender] come face to face - his light eyes burning white heat, her porcelain neck quivering beneath his possessive grip - the atmosphere is explosive.
Fukunaga's adaptation is often superficial and overwrought, fussy about costumes and pre-Raphaelite compositions. But his cast is fabulous for the most part, especially the leads.
While qualifying as the most gorgeously appointed and finely detailed version of the novel so far, still lacks the element of essential fire to make it come fully, even subversively, to life.
Wasikowska and Fassbender deliver the fight, the dialogue and the melodramatic plot twists.
Fukunaga does more than most to flesh out her days with Rivers and his sisters. He keeps Brontë's theme of religious repression ever present, and he still finds time to watch Jane quietly as she cuts flowers and thinks.
Anyone who savours shades of grey will have a feast.
Beauty, along with a sense of mystery, is what audiences expect in a Gothic romance, and Fukunaga delivers with carefully composed shots of austere landscapes and shadowy Victorian opulence.
A handsome production. It plays the novel's beats with a special kind of dexterity.
Careful, respectful and even enjoyable, and yet dry, singularly humorless and played without the lavishness of spirit that makes sense of Gothic melodrama.
Feels strikingly unnecessary. Why watch the same tale spun for a tenth time when you could be watching one of the previous nine?
Some of us are "Jane Eyre" addicts, and the new movie version directed by Cary Joji Fukunaga gives us just the right fix.
This is one of the better Jane Eyres I've seen onscreen, a conception that forsakes movie-groomed glamour for a plainer, less compromised beauty.
To no one's surprise, the story still works like Gothic gangbusters, thanks in part to reliable back-court support from Judi Dench (as Mrs. Fairfax) and Sally Hawkins (as Jane's venal guardian).
Luminous in The Kids are All Right and Alice in Wonderland, Wasikowska makes drab seem rad in director Cary Fukunaga's insightful rendering of Brontë's gothic love story, a new classic version of this oft-told tale.
Multiple men demonstrate extreme, sudden affection for Jane. This, apparently, is what happens when there are only two women in a village and one is Judi Dench.
Mia Wasikowska, from Australia, is a relative newcomer who must essentially carry "Jane Eyre," and succeeds with restraint, expressing a strong moral compass.
A better barometer for the necessity of Cary Fukunaga's film, however, might be its less-than-literate box office competition. Applying that consideration, maybe we do need this Jane Eyre after all.
It has passion all right -- in the stylistics. Those star-crossed love birds Jane and Rochester are no match for the tracking shots and throbbing violins.
It's really strange, this whole weird gothic romance going on and then you turn in into the most kind of distanced, blasé material imaginable.
There is a ready-made audience out there and....may even attract a new generation of fans for [Charlotte] Bronte's classic.
It marks a vivid return to a world defined by antiquated social mores and timeless emotions.
It captures the elemental Brontë passions yet again.
With spellbinding romantic performances by Wasikowska and Fassbender as her elusive love, some guys might find this slow, but I was completely blown away.
Some wonderful parts in the novel are crudely truncated; other, oft-omitted material is added without adding very much.
Although Jane Eyre wants for the depth of passion and heat we might expect from this Gothic couple who feel united in their souls, this film can boast a wealth of attention given to other visual and narrative details.
Anchored by Wasikowska's intens[ity], dreams and flashbacks...maximize her unbending quest for freedom [and] to choose who to love...[P]assion comes through look and sound.
The lush beauty, poetic storytelling and fresh, vibrant performances from a wonderful cast makes this Jane Eyre one of the most mesmerizing, relevant retells yet seen.
Wasikowska is the revelation here -- her wary, intelligent face tells us volumes about this abused but unbowed young woman. But the small roles are also beautifully cast.
Drama based on classic novel is moody, complex.
Lovers of Charlotte Bronte's classic will luxuriate in the spooky Gothic atmosphere, but the film's pallid Jane fails to nail a character who changed how women view themselves.
you can almost see the text exploding with energy as the actors bring it to life... which is why audiences will find themselves enchanted, even perhaps swooning in 'Jane Eyre.'
Though there's enough to admire intellectually here, every "Jane Eyre" should also deliver some emotional swoons.
Cary Joji Fukunaga has very likely surpassed all previous cinematic versions of "Jane Eyre."
After 160 years, this is a story that still grips the heart and the mind.
A splendid example of how to tackle the daunting duty of turning a beloved work of classic literature into a movie.
This particular screen version never generates a lot of heat or intrigue
In its superbly spare execution, the newest adaptation of Jane Eyre is both faithful to Charlotte Brontë's classic and distinctively original.
Watching Jane Eyre, I envied those who have never read the book: What would it be like to watch this movie without already knowing all of the story's secrets? Miraculously, Fukunaga preserves much of the book's spooky mysteriousnes.
Ms. Wasikowska works with economical purity within the novel's 19th-century English setting. Jane's personal power seems entirely her own, rather than some anachronistic notion of self-empowerment.
There is no dust or pretension here, just a great story impeccably shot and acted, and a film impossible to shake.
I loved the last theatrical adaptation of this classic back in 1996, but Fukunaga's version had me falling in love all over again.
Cary Joji Fukunaga has reanimated a classic for a new generation, letting 'Jane Eyre' resonate with terror and tenderness.
Fukunaga's take on Brontë's gloomy vision of class, religious austerity, and the most closely guarded chambers of the heart needs no contrasting or comparisons to earn its rightful praise
Cary Joji Fukunaga's romantic thriller Jane Eyre is to19th-century literature what Black Swan is to ballet: a thoroughly cinematic, occasionally exhilarating reimagining of a repertoire standard.
The sad fact is, Charlotte Brontë's Jane Eyre just doesn't make for appealing cinema.
Bring tissues. You've been warned.
Proto-feminist or merely her own instinctive person, withholding or giving with equal resolve, Mia Wasikowska's restrained Jane is among those to remember.
Will we remember this Jane Eyre any more fondly than the last feature or the inevitable next miniseries? Does it even matter? Bronte's novel will surely outlast them all.
An inventive and fertile screen adaptation of Charlotte Bronte's 1847 novel.
Has a few token thunderstorm-on-the-moors scenes but lacks a grand, mythological design. The movie is choppy and prosaic.
You gotta hand it to Charlotte Brontë. One hundred and sixty-four years since she gave hyperkinetic Victorian schoolgirls their first sleepless nights, she's pulling them in all over again.
The film builds to a shattering climax that works precisely because all involved fully embrace the melodrama. Be sure to bring Kleenex.
Wasikowska is flawless, complex, the most self-possessed Jane ever, and Fassbender the most romantic Rochester in a glorious film that embraces Bronte's wildest emotions.
A spare, visually foreboding and well acted adaptation of one the mainstays of high school reading lists that nonetheless struggles to consistently or cathartically dramatically connect.
Using Brontë's text as the basis for an inquiry into free will versus servitude, Fukunaga mounts a subtly shaded, yet emotionally devastating, examination of what it really means to choose one's own way.
Fukunaga's superbly executed direction and careful staging speak very rarely, and yet say so much.
[VIDEO] The alchemy of its ensemble performances present a tart dose of melancholy romance. Only those young at heart need apply.
The umpteenth take on Brontë's novel takes a unique gothic approach, but the results are grim at times and dull at others.
Despite the well-trod dramatic territory of Brontë's classic, Mia Wasikowska and Michael Fassbender stand out amid the windswept moors and woeful secrets.
Wasikowska's Jane is as watchful as only a damaged soul can be, and, when challenged, frighteningly fast.
The acting of the two leads, Michael Fassbender and Mia Wasikowska, is the best element of this stark, spare, sporadically involving version of Bronte's classic novel.
Young stars shine in gritty, low-key version of the Bronte perennial.
The candlelight flickers exquisitely even as the passions are slow to ignite in this spare, shrewdly acted but not especially vital retelling of Jane Eyre.


@highlight

Cary Fukunaga directs a fiery and elegant adaptation of Charlotte Bronte's classic novel, and Mia Wasikowska delivers possibly the best portrayal of the title character ever.