In Our Kind of Traitor, the characters are shallow and tension nonexistent.
Director Susanna White always ensures that the action looks good, but Hossein Amini's Spooks-like screenplay never really convinces and, more damagingly, never makes us properly care for its characters.
MacGregor and Harris aren't ideally cast as "average" folk, but Skarsgård owns the film in a performance that couldn't be more different from his captivating work in the recent series River.
What saves the entire thing is Skarsgard, who steals the spotlight by striking the balance between a ruthless figure and a loving family man.
"Our Kind of Traitor," Hossein Amini's brilliant adaptation of John LeCarré's novel directed by Susanna White, is breathtaking in every sense of the word from first moment to last.
Therefore, while this isn't the best of John le Carré and the good/bad differentiation is heavy handed, Our Kind of Traitor invites some thought-provoking afterthoughts.
John le Carré's source book makes for a ripping great story, in which international intrigue is shot through with a surprising amount of heart.
The confluence of dirty Russian money and politics is pertinent in light of the Trump scandal, and makes for the best part of the film.
A disappointing bore based on a 2010 John le Carre thriller.
It's an intriguing and very timely story, even if the tension and credibility aren't quite up to the standards of 2011's brilliant Tinker Tailor Soldier Spy.
Finally the film loses its tension.
In one of the better adaptations of spymaster John Le Carre's work, veteran British director Susanna White (Nanny McPhee; Generation Kill; Boardwalk Empire) does a dutiful job delivering a taut espionage thriller soundly grounded in human drama.
The development of the plot is predictable for any viewer who has seen other Le Carré's films. [Full review in Spanish]
Not a memorable 'thriller', but is effective and reasonably charismatic. [Full review in Spanish]
Our Kind of Traitor reminded me of the kind of movie pleasures I'd lately been missing, namely characters who find themselves in situations they couldn't possibly have anticipated and which prove morally taxing.
A simple story in which one can appreciate more sincerity, capacity for criticism and subversion than in the last films of a lethargic Oliver Stone. [Full review in Spanish]
Our Kind of Traitor is a competent, solid alternative to the less-than-appealing offerings out now.
The film provides nothing particularly fresh, but provides it well.
A total disappointment because of its wasted history and deficient and somewhat languid characters that doesn't manages to catch us by any means. [Full review in Spanish]
A film where the plot eventually lacks interest and startles. [Full review in Spanish]
Susanna White, a British TV veteran, matches the smaller scope with quiet, low-key direction, a spare canvas, and a palette of somber colors that leans toward the nocturnal.
Like most movies sourced from le Carré, this one heavily favors dialogue over action -- a welcome respite from generic he-man features.
A modest film that approaches subjects like courage, sacrifice and commitment to our ideals. [Full review in Spanish]
A worthy example of this psychological thriller that has Hitchcock's cinema an unavoidable reference. [Full review in Spanish]
A film full of elegance, with photography by Anthony Dod Mantle (Oscar winner for Slumdog Millionaire) as one of its main allies and an excellent cast. [Full review in Spanish]
An effective spy thriller, impeccable produced and solidly played by Ewan McGregor and Stellan Skarsgard. However, the film lacks of that moral ambiguity dose better presented in Carré's literary work. [Full review in Spanish]
Even though the script is superficial, the amazing performances makes this film work. [Full review in Spanish]
Nebbishy Brits being seduced by charismatic, hedonistic Russians doesn't require as much explanation as you might think, especially when you're being dazzled by the same eye candy and charismatic personalities as they are.
Despite boasting plenty of cast and crew from the most recent Bond films, this feels more like a throwback to the Hitchcock tales of the 1950s and 60s.
Our Kind of Traitor puts all of its key characters to the test.
Skarsgard, playing big for once, has fun; Lewis, as a maverick Whitehall mandarin is a pleasure to watch and there's a delicious payoff at the end, but the film as a whole is derivative, flabby and flat.
... a taut and stylish effort that gradually ratchets up the suspense and international intrigue as the stakes are raised and the lines between heroes and villains are blurred.
An old-fashioned thriller that has some interesting things to say about heroism, trust, and conscience.
The feature retains the necessary energy and commitment to mystery that keeps hurtling le Carre's duplicitous dilemmas towards viewers, albeit in style more than story.
It's the human factor that lets things down and McGregor and Harris are never quite convincing.
It's an intriguing character study embedded in a spy thriller.
Our Kind Of Traitor isn't in the same duplicitous league as the best Le Carre adaptations... But director Susanna White holds her nerve with this intelligent, character-driven entry into the espionage universe.
Director Susanna White, a veteran of British prestige TV, offers handsome location work in Paris, London and the Swiss Alps, but the screenplay, adapted by Hossein Amini (Drive), feels rushed.
...a rollicking good yarn.
In a period of the year where a decent dramatic fare for mature-age audiences is mighty hard to find, few willing takers will be disappointed with what they encounter here.
Susanna White's film, with its unexpectedly evocative colour palette and steady drip of danger, might tidy up le Carre's worldview, but idealism still feels like a losing proposition.
Unsurprising, but sharply played and nicely realized LeCarre adaptation.
Although this adaptation has a few gaps and the genre is more thriller than spy movie, it is a well produced and made movie sausage - no disrespect intended
Thank goodness for Stellan Skarsgard, who splashes lashings of colour on this otherwise routine espionage canvass from John Le Carre
If you're looking for a taught spy thriller, don't look for Our Kind of Traitor for nourishment.
Le Carre is still a master of the genre, but 'Our Kind of Traitor'proves even he can lose track of what true intrigue looks and feels like.
Within that standard formula it's expertly made -- well-acted by all, with director Susanna White ratcheting up the suspense with a sure Hitchcockian hand.
The problem is that Dima and his foil Perry are about an inch deep. One is driven by fear for the safety of his family, the other is a decent Englishman. Get past that, and there is not much else going on. The locations... are nice, though.
If you're in the mood for a smart, mellow, handsomely shot, and quietly engaging espionage story, Our Kind of Traitor should easily fit the bill -- especially if you're a fan of all those other John le Carré adaptations.
A predictable plot and a somewhat reticent directorial style work together to diminish the thrills in this new post-Cold War thriller from John le Carré.
Subtly stodgy, it's an engaging but ultimately forgettable espionage thriller.
Our Kind of Traitor replaces the book's stings with the film's melodious strings.
I always had one foot in the aisle, but I couldn't pull myself away, mainly because I was eager to see what mindless trick the movie would pull next.
Guns blaze here, but it's the razor-sharp minds engaged in scathingly brilliant maneuvers to outfox an opponent that evoke awe. Even gasps of delight and admiration.
Directed by BBC veteran Susanna White, this latest adaptation of John le Carré's work has a welcome soft touch, focusing on interesting relationships, but that also cushions any suspenseful edges.
It's all far-fetched in a way that only international spy thrillers -- bless their hearts -- can be.
The film does have its moments of intrigue and potential, and Skarsgard is magnetic. (Full Content Review for Parents - Sexual Content, Violence, Profanity, etc. - Also Available)
Doesn't have quite the depth or the pedigree of other cinematic versions of his novels...but it's still worth the trip.
The driving question ... is whether or not there is any room for decency in this world...
McGregor brings depth to the role. He beautifully portrays his character's thinking: His sharp, inquisitive eyes and thin lips seem forever caught between a smile and a grimace.
The mid-summer release of an adult, effects-free British thriller relating to the collapse of Europe's global financial system timed out perfectly. You'll Brexit knowing that your entertainment dollar was well spent.
A handsome and often absorbing picture.
...the whole film feels like there's something a bit off, which is all the more annoying since there is so much that is good about it.
Our Kind of Traitor is tense enough, but lacks lustre and pizzazz.
The movie grossly overestimates the audience's sympathy for a murderous thug and its interest in the morality of international banking.
A lesser entry, but there's much to recommend.
The result is a smart tale of corrosive corruption that captures le Carré's world-weary cynicism perfectly.
It's competently made, well-acted and largely intelligent, so why isn't the spy thriller "Our Kind of Traitor" more rewarding?
Has loads of twists and all the ritualistic pessimism you expect, but none of the political and moral outrage that might have elevated this genre story into a le Carré one.
Smartly elegant; the fantastic cast makes it worth your time. But it does feel as if it belongs on the small screen spread across six or eight hours.
Fans of spy novelist John le Carré may take umbrage with the reworked ending, but the film is nonetheless a riveting and accomplished work.
For all its blather about honor and courage the movie doesn't really go anywhere with its inquiry into the new evil.
Smooth, smart entertainment, from its swirling music to its moody cinematography to its fine performances.
There's not enough going on here to fill out the film's two hours.
Sadly, this film version of John le Carré spy novel is not as tasty as AMC's take on le Carré's The Night Manager, but Stellan Skarsgard as a Russian defector and Damian Lewis as a British intelligence officer both give dynamite performances.
Has all the earmarks of an enjoyable...contemporary thriller: intrigue, exotic locales, evil Russians...a John le Carré pedigree, and Ewan McGregor looking frightened. Unfortunately, the predictable sum is less than its potentially entertaining parts.
Come back, George Smiley, wherever you are.
wish the thriller parts of this film had a few more hairpin turns. But the plot travels from Morocco to Paris to the French Alps to London, and it's all involving and well-photographed enough.
Traitor suffers somewhat in comparison with Night Manager: Feature length doesn't always suit the longform, dense storytelling of Le Carre's work.
I haven't read the John le Carré novel that inspired this incoherent mess, but I have to imagine the old spymaster connected the dots better than they are here.
This is the type of thriller that Eric Ambler used to write, where an ordinary man suddenly finds himself involved with all kinds of international intrigue. I loved Ambler's books and I loved this movie just as much. Stellan Skarsgärd sparkles!
In the past I've respected but not enjoyed Le Carré films, which are overly abstract; this one I enjoyed scarcely at all.
A hollow movie.
A stronger sense of mystery might have served the film well as a thriller-though as is, it's diverting enough as a piece of escapism.
Boasts a story so simple it could almost be a le Carre knockoff, as though he'd banged it out in the midst of a much deserved kind of mental detox.
A tightly controlled British spy thriller with more brains than heart, "Our Kind of Traitor" is a dismal, low-energy affair.
Implausibility is a more powerful foe than the Russian mob in "Traitor," though charismatic performances help the feature work through a few tight spaces of credibility, keeping attention on the screen.
Our Kind of Traitor is in dire need of a compelling antagonist. What it does have in its favor are two sit-up-and-clap supporting turns from Skarsgård... and Lewis.
Just a respectful appreciation for the old-fashioned political thriller, in an adaptation by screenwriter Hossein Amini ("Drive") that knows how to get the job done.
[A] proficient, moderately engaging film ...
"Our Kind of Traitor" is built on a familiar premise, but it sure is a sturdy one.
Works on a fairly basic espionage level, though like most of the author's post-Cold War work it lacks the complexity and nuance that marked his earlier novels.
Feeble action and bogus plotting make this one of the dullest John le Carré adaptations you'll ever see.
Director Susanna White, on only her second feature, jazzes up the proceedings to match the skill of actors like McGregor, Harris, and Skarsgård.
The premise is not without purpose, but clichés abound, the film lacks narrative thrust and the camerawork looks like one of those slick British Cadbury commercials for after-dinner mints.
The film works as both a modern morality play for our globalized world and as an indictment of Europe's ethical bankruptcy.
Our Kind of Traitor, the most recent le Carré caper to drop, is chicken of the grocery store deli variety. It is not great, but it satisfies in a pinch.
Director Susanna White ups the tension with extreme close-ups of keyboards and laptop screens, but her film is most effective when it tells its story through Skarsgård's world-weary player.
Our Kind Of Traitor doesn't try to reinvent the spy-genre wheel, but executes aptly through focus, execution and Stellan Skarsgård's scene-stealing bravado.
The only thing that brings the film to life is Skarsgard's fantastic performance, by turns jubilant and despairing, and always absolutely riveting.
McGregor, who goes through the proceedings looking like he's slept in his clothes for a few days running, is nominally the protagonist, but his role is mostly reactive.
Despite a compelling, timely conflict, it's all spread a bit thin.
Our Kind of Traitor tries to sell itself as a classic British espionage thriller, but with spy work this boring, this isn't our kind of movie.
"Our Kind of Traitor" does many things well but the feeling afterwards is, unfortunately, one of disappointment.
The whole film is oddly poised between the pensive and the peevish, with a topdressing of high jinks.
A tense spy tale in the John Le Carre tradition.
The film, while gorgeously shot, is schematic and wholly implausible. But Skarsgård saves it; wild and funny and ferociously alive, he's a crucial bolt of color in all that tasteful gray.
Le Carré's cynicism is undermined with an extra-time cheat that strips the film of any pungency.
The committed performance from Skarsgard... is what manages to save the film from completely failing, with the talented actor exuding a boisterous presence and charisma that is hard to deny.
Enjoyable if slight.
It's so sleek and involving that it's easy to ignore the nagging plot holes. We're too busy imagining what we might do in the same situations.
Everything -- the pace, the action, McGregor's frowning -- is fine. But you start to wonder if an institution like le Carré perhaps deserves a bit more care and reverence when his works are earmarked for filming.
It's the unbearable, suspenseful nature of this thriller which makes for a worthwhile endeavour, making amends for a somewhat generic narrative and generic screenplay.
Neither the plot nor the characters seem particularly plausible on the big screen.
While well made, strongly acted and relatively intriguing the film doesn't have a distinguishing feature to make it a cinematic must see, be that a charismatic star turn, sumptuous locations or thrilling action.
The film is solid but rarely achieves the tension for which it is clearly aiming.
Although White never fully sells the film's contrivances, nor Perry's transformation from hangdog teacher to man of action, her film is never less than gripping.
There's a TV movie tinniness to the film's rather pat denouement, but plenty to enjoy otherwise, and Damian Lewis's portrayal of the cagey spy Hector is note perfect.
[Lewis] and a rambunctious Skarsgård goose up the movie. Without them, it sags.
It's a film whose final shape feels dwindled by compromise - not unappealing, but stymied, like a luxury jet which spends two hours taxiing on the runway.
This film is also directed by a woman, Susanna White... admirably well, delivering ferocious action sequences in unlikely contexts but also attentive to the interplay of the sexes in a way that is slightly subtler than le Carré's own romantic approach.
White plays the moment of rupture with a banality that threatens to undermine our faith in her as storyteller more than in the system itself. If Makepeace was meant to be our kind of hero, it's a shame to see him made out to be such a sucker.
A thriller without the thrills.
Our Kind Of Traitor has enough death and cynicism to keep you watching but too often you question what is in front of your eyes.
The petition to secure Susanna White directing duties on the next Bond movie starts right here.
Gets daft and twisty near the end but will sate your Night Manager appetite amply.
Our Kind of Traitor is our kind of thriller.
If you're looking for a globetrotting espionage thriller to pass the time, you could do worse.
McGregor's track record in movies speaks for itself, but here, I didn't believe in him for a second.
Our Kind Of Traitor is an entertaining but very lightweight espionage thriller with none of the seedy pathos of the older films.
The spycraft elements make for some nailbiting sequences... Despite an impressive cast on reliably good form, there's no one really to root for.
A lesser entry in the LeCarré Cinematic Universe, though Damian Lewis and Stellan Skarsgård rescue it from complete blandness.
Not even the gifted adaptor Hossein Amini can convince us it's anything more than second-string le Carré - meat and potatoes, where others have brought us caviar - but we're still reeled in, patiently and capably.
Reveals our world to be run by snakes.
A slickly directed thriller that bears many of the typical twists and turns you'd expect from a le Carré tale.
This is contemporary - not Cold War - le Carré, but no less compelling for that.
While McGregor and Harris convincingly portray a couple in trouble, and Lewis's odball spook is an uneasy fit, it is Skarsgard's dynamic performance which saves the day.

@highlight

Our Kind of Traitor relies on solid writing and acting rather than action to deliver its spy-movie thrills -- and thankfully has the pedigree to pull it off on both fronts.