On it goes, albeit in a somewhat trance-like state.
The Ring Two has a great deal of mood and there are some genuinely chilling moments, but weak characters sap it of all strength.
Scarier than the first, but not as interesting.
Feels incomplete and is immensely sloppy, without a lick of sense.
"The Ring Two" is a horror movie with very few surprises and hit-or-miss moments of suspense that don't lead anywhere on a narrative or emotional level.
Unfortunately, the screenplay by Ehren Kruger is littered with plot holes that reduce the story to a generic thriller formula.
full review in Greek
Fracassa ao abandonar o interessante conceito da fita amaldiçoada para se concentrar numa trama boba envolvendo possessão. Ainda assim, é melhor que Ringu 2 - o que não é uma grande proeza.
[It] inevitably lacks the unsettling mystery and the evolving unease of the first one. While there are still startling moments, there are no surprises.
The 'terror' remains that only in theory as, for all its isolated amusements, [the film] never truly scares.
Do yourself a favor and don't tarnish the original "Ring" by seeing this sequel.
The film's structure shamelessly apes its predecessor while trying (and failing) to ratchet up its scares.
Destroyed its own best scary bits in favor of digging up more mythology.
The result is actually much better than anyone had perhaps expected, with a fright quota that actually exceeds the original, even if it completely abandons common sense and rational plotting to get there.
Shouldn't wind up the devotees too much and will keep fans of the first American movie quiet.
Just about as bad as the first film was. If anything, it's a little stupider.
The film may not be quite as good as the first one, but rest assured there are plenty of scares left in this franchise.
Dead in the water.
a different and, I would argue, slightly better film that its predecessor
And while it all looks and sounds amazing (Gabriel Beristain's chilly cinematography and Hans Zimmer's eerie score are standouts) none of that really matters much if as a viewer all I'm doing is sitting there biding my time waiting for the end credits.
May not be a masterpiece, but it has its share of thoughtful little angles.
It is like an exercise in cinema mechanics: Images, music, photography and mood conspire to create a sense of danger, even though at any given moment we cannot possibly explain the rules under which that danger might manifest itself.
We're left with another tepid PG-13 horror sequel that rehashes huge chunks of the original and, in the end, has almost nothing new to offer.
A few good gotcha moments and one solid thrill isn't enough save this movie.
...there's virtually no reason for the movie to even exist.
Watts is a terrific actress, but there's little she can do to cover the cavernous gaps in logic in Ehren Kruger's script.
A perplexing compound of the silly and the glum.
Hideo Nakata directed the Japanese version of the "Ringu" series and one would expect that he'd know how to do a decent horror film..for some reason he didn't do it this time.
Like most bad sequels, it is a patchwork quilt of themes and images from other, better movies.
This tired followup manages to recycle all that was obnoxious about the first movie while abandoning the one legitimately frightening element of the original: the tape.
Naomi Watts is excellent, giving a more complex performance than the film really deserves and portraying Rachel as a mixture of anger, toughness and vulnerability.
Even if you buy the basic premise of a ghost on videotape, the tortuous logic demanded to create a sequel doesn't hold up to reasonable scrutiny
Drastic character changes dilute what was a dense and terrifying story.
Less is often more but in the case of "The Ring Two," the lazily-titled sequel to the popular -- and enormously successful -- "The Ring," more is less (more or less).
This isn't a slasher horror film at all; it gets deep into the characters' heads.
Saddled with a dreary pacing and the need to fulfill its sequel-itis tendencies, this particular Ring is tainted jewelry in search of its missing sparkle
From what I could tell, Samara would be a much more interesting child to hang with than Aidan, who has the engaging personality of a cardboard box.
An assortment of scenes from the original reshot with the sprinklers turned on, held together by the thinnest of plots.
There are no rules: sometimes you can jump inside the TV and other times it's just being moody. And sometimes strange computer-generated deer show up and trash your car.
In "The Ring 2," bathtubs overflow, ceilings drip, walls weep, wells vomit, characters nearly drown, yet ironically, the movie suffers from the lows of a creative drought.
Ring Two goes far enough into dementia that (if you can stick with it that long), you may wish it would suck it up and go the full mile.
... it's best to give up on the plot because it's horse manure (and not even pure horse manure). Sometimes the well just runs dry.
Du gros, gros recyclage.
One could have a field day with this movie --- it is so stupid and ridiculous.
'The Ring Two' joins the vast majority of film follow-ups that don't measure up to the original.
...throws its own rules out the window.
A sloppy, poorly executed mess of a film confusing horror with child endangerment.
This time the prophecy of The Ring might just come true: You watch it, you die. Of boredom.
I sort of enjoyed it, but I'm not sure how fans of the first movie will react.
The Ring Two's abandonment of the original film's videotape-of-death hook leaves it floundering.
[Helmer Hideo Nakata] rolled up his sleeves and did a yeoman's job in making somewhat fresh a story that, I hope, is over.
The Ring Two manages to repeat just about every shock from the original, but the eerieness of the first film has been replaced by a more pedestrian, plot-driven story.
Only the tone-deaf will mistake The Ring Two for its eerie 2002 predecessor.
The first Ring doled out enough honest scares to keep it existing giddily in the moment; for the most part, this cash-in has the thoroughly modern pull of a slowly expiring Tamagotchi.
Too many loose ends.
...The Ring Two - even more than The Ring - isn't visually compelling enough to make its many plot absurdities seem trivial.
This boring rehash has not one decent scare, its most unforgivable trait.
This pallid follow-up to 2002's most frightening film plays like an auction for abandoned horror-flick props and icons.
Samara has been reduced to the ghost in The Grudge -- complete with gastric-distress noises. Apparently, there's no Alka Seltzer in the afterlife.
A hemorrhaging film whose greatest sin is that it's unremittingly dull.
I wish someone had slapped the video from the first movie into my theater's reel so that I could have avoided having to sit through the rest of this boring disaster.
The let's-travel-through-the-TV-screen sequence was better in Fat Albert.
A long, exhausting and pointless 111-minute exercise in red herrings, dead-end justifications and contrived horror situations.
Proof positive that most sequels are bad ideas.
While the original kept you awake all night as you left the lights on and spooned your plush Pound Puppy-the sequel induces a sound slumber in seconds.
I thought the original had a nice evil chill to it, but this is an unnecessary second chapter that dumbs down all the main characters and is curiously lacking in quality scares.
The Ring Two is a rather tedious affair, heavy on atmosphere, but light on story. It's a silly bunch of hogwash, a pale shadow of the original.
Sluggish and uninspiring, the sequel to the hit film doesn't live up to the first.
Under difficult circumstances, the actors admirably keep straight faces.
The franchise goes from the fear of death to, 'Oooh, he's getting colder, that's soooo scary' - NOT.
Extraordinarily boring.
[T]his is a film that seems to be making the argument that it's OK for a mother to kill her child if the "voices" tell her to... [It] leaves a really bad taste.
Forgets the mood and atmosphere from the original and tries to replace them with cheap thrills and manufactured manipulation.
So predictably beholden to its predecessor that you can practically smell the reek of formula cooling on its hide.
Naomi's son Aidan has to be the most inner-directed child of all time. As he explained, 'You'd be introverted too if your imaginary friends had imaginary friends.'
While its plot defies any sort of coherent explanation, fans of the movie will no doubt try, and in doing so find a bizarre sort of joy in justifying it.
When growling, vicious, computer-generated deer gang up to attack people in vehicles, could it be a sign of the Apocalypse?
The fact that Evelyn is played by Sissy Spacek in a Loretta-Lynnish big black wig makes her somewhat thrilling as an idea.
To those who saw and enjoyed the first one, it's a bitter disappointment.
This soggy sequel to The Ring proves you can't go to the well more than once
This is a campy scream-a-thon in which you can alternate between freaking and cackling.
The Ring Two is exactly what every horror film tries not to be, and that is boring.
Appears to have been written on a large piece of blank paper by chickens with their feet dipped in ink.
As in the first movie, there's a lot to the plot that doesn't make sense if analyzed closely, and, as in the first, the end is particularly implausible. But overall, the second Ring is more entertaining.
Its focus on the relationship between fiercely protective Rachel Keller and her imperiled son, Aiden, is surprisingly dull.
Tell yourself that it's not a horror movie but a farce -- at times a rousingly ridiculous one -- and you'll save yourself a world of disappointment.
While the look and vibe are as polished and unsettling in their blue-white, washed-out way as the first Ring, it's more of a procedural without much real fright.
The film is a dud in the tradition of such weak horror sequels as Exorcist II and Dracula's Dog.
Perfunctory, thrill- free sequel.
Surprisingly engrossing.
A dull, plodding horror movie that ventures into the realm of idiocy when it isn't busy remaking the first film.
A decent sequel that gets the job done.
The Ring Two cranks out only intermittent scares.
The original was a hit in both Japanese and Hollywood incarnations. But the cold-blooded chills of the Japanese movie have now been so watered down as to be simply cold and bloodless.
A mild disaster.
A movie which will confuse newcomers and disappoint old fans.
Borrowing liberally from the Exorcist and Omen movies, and with little regard for credibility, The Ring Two has a familiar ring to it.
An uneven story undermines this horror franchise, despite high-quality performances by Naomi Watts and David Dorfman.
Terrifyingly dull.
The movie is as side-splitting as it is creepy.
The main components that made the first film in this franchise so intriguing - palpable eeriness and surreal media satire -- are in short supply this second time out.
Unscary sequel.
As sure-handed as director Hideo Nakata is with creepy imagery and suspense, The Ring Two makes missteps that have been made plenty of times before in Hollywood horror.
There are few things more disappointing than a tepid horror movie and The Ring Two is deadly dull.
Despite a pedigreed cast and crew, Ring Two might as well be Blair Witch 2.
Kruger's script is a typical collection of sprawling, audience-tested shock scenes strung together with a few chunks of exposition for logical coherence.
You'll still go home and check the closets--and that VCR -- for boogeymen.
Almost delivers.
After seeing The Ring Two, you wonder if 90 minutes of skin-tingling, dream-style imagery wouldn't be preferable to the narrative here.
Weird horror isn't as rewarding as scary or creepy, and The Ring Two is definitely one of the bigger disappointments of late.
Nakata goes for the long slow chill and avoids the U.S. style of the sudden shockfest.
Familiarity with the material evidently didn't account for much: Nakata's slice of horror proves only intermittently effective.
[Nakata] spends too long reviving nightmares and location shots from The Ring, forgetting that hell must be as fresh as it is rancid.
Easily as good as 2002's blockbuster hit The Ring, and in terms of visual style, more potently spooky.
As rings go, I'd sooner spend another two hours watching the one around my bathtub than sit through any continuation of this tale.
... shouldn't Samara have upgraded to DVD by now?
The Ring Two, which, despite being made by Hideo Nakata, who directed the original Japanese movie, is almost worse [than The Ring].
This movie is nothing more than a big number two.
Remember, they say, "before you die you see the ring"...it doesn't say anything about having to see the Ring Two!
Everyone really wants The Ring Two to be as frightening as the original. But unfortunately, the deadly videotape does not hold up to repeat viewings.
Nakata is a superb storyteller, using anticipatory, suspenseful pacing and visual effects - if you liked the first, you'll like the second.
Pretty much everything in Kruger's script is recycled from the first movie, and what isn't has been pinched from other horror classics.
It's creepy for sure... but it's a dead ringer for every Hollywood horror sequel ever created
Although thoroughly mediocre, The Ring Two does make sense of the first movie.
Get through the first hour and a half and then wait to be creepily enthralled. It's a nice climactic scene and Watts delivers a line that would make Schwarzenegger proud.
barely so-so... demonstrates that after only two movies this series is already flirting with self-parody.
Horror movies have long exploited the anxieties associated with birth and child-rearing, but 'The Ring Two' may be the first to credit its hauntings to postpartum depression.
dips into the same well too many times to be of much interest.
An imperfect circle comes complete...
There's really nowhere left to go.
A sketchy horror plot slips from episode to episode with no particular momentum. As far as I can tell, Kruger made a list of scares, and Nakata ticked them off.
Arty, semiscary sequel delivers a few shocks but doesn't rival the first film.
Nothing but a by-the-numbers horror film with little to offer in the ways of originality or excitement.
It has a scare or two, and threatens to become involving at points, but in the end it simply does not have the intellectual mettle to satisfy.
I'm saying dying would have been preferable to sitting through The Ring Two -- it's not that bad, just kind of boring and repetitious.
After seeing The Pacifier, I didn't think any movie this year could scare me as much. However, The Ring Two is much better and much scarier than the first.
The best advice for experiencing The Ring 2 is to emulate Watts' involvement. She will tell you she enjoyed making it, but she probably hasn't thought too much about it since.
This change of focus only makes the vapid horror ambiance of this franchise all the more forgettable.
Wan, thin, and surprisingly boring, even for the simple needs of a genre picture.
The new movie's special effects offer scant compensation for its negligible plot, dreary pace and slim characterization.
Slavishly faithful to recurring modern horror mythologies designed to guarantee an extension of the franchise.
A tiny bit of the freakiness of the original is lost...but the pros outweigh the cons.
Nothing but sudden jolts and senseless eeriness, scattershot elements that might be frightening if there were any rhyme or reason to them.
...may be the first sequel where I actually wish they'd made another copy
Watts gets credit for bringing some soul to a movie that puts more emphasis on hair than heart.
Despite Mr. Nakata's track record and the radiant presence of its star, Naomi Watts, The Ring Two is a dud.
Watts is wonderful, and the story's forsaken-child theme still has plenty of horrific power.
In the first Ring, you watched a videotape and seven days later, you were dead. In the second Ring, you watch a movie and seven minutes later, you're asleep.
A movie without much flow or suspense.
This 'Ring' is strictly zircon, not diamond...plods along, trying to create a brooding atmosphere of menace but instead engendering one of boredom.
Not, for even a tiny second, legitimately scary.
The Ring Two is subtler and slower-moving than the brand of horror to which we are accustomed, but it is nightmarish, in the true sense of the word.
Doesn't make a lot of sense, but Watts reaches down into a well of her own resolve and somehow makes it work.
Ehren Kruger's script for The Ring Two not only veers from Ringu 2 but strains credulity at every turn.
The Ring Two dilutes the dread that the first installment generated and introduces even greater concentrations of plot absurdity.
Might have something interesting to say about cultural ambivalence by and toward the maternal impulse if only it had a spark of originality or verve.
While nearly every shock comes at predictable moments, there is genuine ingenuity behind many, and the movie is surprisingly fresh for one made by a guy on his third go-round with the same material.
Overall, it's a film project that follows logically from sequel-itis and box-office greed. And it never rises much above them.
Moves fast and isn't without its freakish images-but it becomes obvious the film was rushed into production without much thought or faithfulness into the first picture's lore.
The Ring Two is one of those rare Hollywood sequels -- a second chapter that holds it own against the ultra successful first.
Super-flashy American directors are supposed to gum up the works in a remake, not the original filmmaker. This is a narratively hollow, fright-free exercise of franchise.
Samara, the evil ghost from The Ring, hasn't upgraded.
A sequel that not only matches but exceeds the horrific power of its predecessor.
a worthy sequel to one of the best American horror movies ever made
Just as the director's creepy gliding camera endlessly haloes his distraught characters, The Ring franchise now appears content to simply go around in circles.
Deadly dull, frequently hilarious.
I see wet people ... in this lumbering, would-be horror thriller.
...so much of the plot is just left dangling, you'd think this thing was shot without a script.
Bolstered with Watts' half-crazy, one-woman-show intensity, Rachel is one tough momma.
...meanders so slowly through its paces that even the scares seem lethargic.
A half-intriguing, half-tedious follow-up to DreamWorks' 2002 creepy sleepersleeper.
Hardly running rings around the American original, this one is just a bottomless well of cliches.
A bottomless well of murky wetness out of which no woman emerges unpunished.
The film looses credibility at times, but there's no denying that some of the ghost scenes are truly frightening.
The kid is a high-functioning autistic and the mother is terrified of him. It's not a horror/thriller, just a tedious bore.
its only accomplishment is proving . . Hollywood's propensity for catering to the triumph of greed over reason
The best horror movie since...well, The Ring.
A very uneven, typical sequel which story is drowned in clichés and makes Samara feel like Freddy Krueger
Provides one or two jumps and they're suitably creative, but they don't represent the film as a whole which is, in short, a mess.








@highlight

Ring Two serves up horror cliches, and not even Hideo Nakata, the director of the movies from which this one is based, can save the movie from a dull screenplay full of absurdities.