Truly elevating the pulpy source material, Petzold swirls the pot of suspense, revenge and guilt with not only a Hitchcockian but also a Fassbinderian touch. Films don't get more psychologically complex than this.
"Phoenix," Christian Petzold's allegorical story set in post-war Germany, is almost indescribably deep, layered and complex.
Filled with inky blues and blacks, the look of [Phoenix] recalls Jean-Pierre Melville's masterful Army of Shadows, except this is a more intimate effort about two war-traumatized individuals.
[Nina] Hoss's step-by-step transformation from trembling and small to straight-backed and ready to perform is a marvel, a fascinating performance to behold.
The film is more of a companion piece to noir thrillers of the late '30s and early '40s, with its German Expressionist skeleton looming over the frame.
This is Vertigo territory, but with an insidious twist.
Bleak and beautiful, it's a moody drama built on subtle performances and a stunningly well-written script. Setting it apart is an enigmatic ending that allows viewers to come to their own conclusions.
Nina Hoss's performance is one of the shining highlights of the movie year.
There is no need to mince words here-Phoenix is an absolutely terrific film.
Hungary's Son of Saul may have won the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film, but another World War II drama, Germany's Phoenix, is actually the superior picture.
a shrewd, engaging play of psychological dexterity that, despite its melodramatic roots, never feels arch or forced
An authentic melodrama, carefully employing history, genre and beloved filmic precedents to generate large, complicated, unsettling emotions.
Phoenix, Christian Petzold's meditation on individual and cinematic ouroboros, lands on Blu-ray with a masterful transfer from the Criterion Collection.
Hoss, surely the foremost German actress of her generation, gives a powerhouse performance, full of pain and longing, and the use of the Kurt Weill and Ogden Nash classic Speak Low is a masterstroke.
Spellbinding cinema... a small marvel of lean construction, with stark, uncluttered images that haunt you long after.
Petzold and Farocki essentially revive the lost tradition of the Trümmerfilm, engaging with and retroactively contributing to this undersung period of German film history.
This is one of the strongest films of the season.
...a nightclub lament.
Just as the title suggests, Phoenix is about rising from the ashes, but filmmaker Christian Petzold is more interested than the smudged moral world in the ashes of Germany after World War II than in the promise of the rise.
This is cinema at its most ineffable and its most potent.
Based by Petzold and the late Harun Farocki on a 1961 novel by Hubert Monteilhet that was previously filmed in 1965, Phoenix is a meditation on the female perspective in Alfred Hitchcock's Vertigo.
The movie is fluid, suspenseful, and preposterous-although, more historically than psychologically, and not necessarily in a negative sense.
The acting is very convincing by Hoss and Zehrfeld. Writer-Director Christian Petzold ("Barbara") has crafted a compelling ghost story about a woman, thought to be dead, who gets a chance to see what people really thought about her.
Christian Petzold's collaboration with the actress Nina Hoss reaches a new level of intensity in Phoenix, a moving drama set in the rubble of post-war Berlin.
Both a powerful allegory for post-war regeneration and a rich Hitchcockian tale of mistaken identity.
Life is a bombed-out, soulless cabaret in Christian Petzold's Phoenix, a haunting portrait of identity, loss and the search for answers in post-WWII Berlin.
What makes Phoenix so remarkable, then, is director and writer Christian Petzold's marvelous command of tone.
A Holocaust tale with a nice romantic ache to it that still manages to feel tentative, like a pulled-punch.
The personal drama is layered with subtle subtexts and the film evokes the work of those classic proponents of screen melodrama, Douglas Sirk and Rainer Werner Fassbinder, in its combination of highly coloured glamour coating a very dark centre.
Everything in Phoenix is designed to prepare us for the knockout ending, which couldn't be simpler in itself, but has the force of a long-delayed emotional release.
It trips itself up by being squarely neorealist on one hand, and imposing Hitchcockian artifice on the other, so that it fails to work as either because its narrative artifice and its sombre realism are incompatible.
Love, loss, life and death intertwine as Hoss's beautiful and expressive features dominate the screen
Unlike last spring's Woman in Gold, Phoenix doesn't offer its protagonist even a symbolic victory over history's horrors. But it does suggest that refusing to ignore the ghosts is a small victory of its own.
Phoenix takes on some of the aspects of Vertigo, Hitchcock's dark inquiry into obsession and identity, although with the added layers of the damage the Holocaust did on both sides of the barbed wire.
A stunning and painful German concentration camp survivor drama.
A story about characters and a country that have lost their way, Phoenix is stunning.
Petzold slowly sketches out a world struck dumb by self-imposed amnesia, and Phoenix ends at a wallop of a destination, but it's not an especially compelling journey.
Hitchcock's Vertigo has been invoked repeatedly as a comparison for Christian Petzold's mesmerizing drama, but while he's adapting a French novel that has already been turned into a film once before, absolutely nothing here feels second-hand.
Phoenix has a plot that hangs on the edge of believability but injects enough tension at the right moments to keep the film from tripping over itself.
Phoenix mines a Hitchcockian vein, but it is Hoss' sensitive performance and Petzold's intelligently paced direction that makes this film shine.
A deftly executed, suspenseful drama from Germany.
"Phoenix" is a film that starts slow, gathers momentum and hits you with the force of an express train at the end.
Even if the pacing of Petzhold's low-key and at-times lull-prone story occasionally gets away from him, there's no denying the power in his tale.
Se estabelece como algo mais do que um melodrama, um noir, um estudo de personagem ou um romance.
The sheer magnitude of what Nelly has experienced is evident and deeply felt in Nina Hoss' every sad glance and hesitant gesture.
Both performances are terrific in support of a screenplay rich in period detail and thematic texture, leading to a haunting final twist.
Petzold's filmmaking is atmospheric and suspenseful.
The three performances, especially the sadly tender one by Hoss, keep us connected.
Sometimes implausible and always engrossing, "Phoenix" takes us to postwar Berlin, a shell of a city where concentration camp survivor Nelly is a shell of herself.
Richly compelling -- despite its unlikely story -- neo-noir drama of unusual emotional and psychological complexity. Another best-of-the-year contender.
Phoenix is a death-defying melodrama of rare emotional obsession. It carefully pushes its conceit to the very limits, practically begging for the truth, or better yet, reconciliation.
(T)he cinematography and production design are outstanding, realistically capturing what Germany was like immediately after the end of WWII...This is not a film for everybody, but the acting and photography are worth the sit, despite the lack of pace.
Phoenix is an extremely well-made picture, with fine lead performances by Hoss and Zehrfeld, who acted together in Petzold's fascinating Barbara.
"Phoenix" is the best excuse yet to dive into the filmography of this important director.
[I]t's engrossing enough to keep the doubts about the story itself at bay.
You may not buy all the story twists, but perhaps the script is not meant to be taken literally.
It is touching, wonderful, filmmaking.
Petzold grows more and more into the role of a master of the cumulative power of elegant drama... but also of the smashing payoff. Phoenix rises above influence, transforming itself into melodramatic heaven on its own magnificent flight.
There is intrigue. There is suspense. Guilt -- a man's guilt, a nation's -- hangs heavy in the air.
A simple but powerful parable of rebirth involving love, loss, betrayal, guilt and greed in a post-war Germany where the enormities of the Holocaust are still immediate and unresolved.
Riffs on a classic theme in significant ways that resonate beyond its melodramatic trappings. One of the best and most haunting films of 2015.
Provocative, profoundly moving and the acting is virtuosic.
[Nina Hoss' is] the kind of performance that makes you appreciate the turmoil of emotions that can be conveyed in a look.
Nina Hoss is stunning in a beautifully realized variation on a theme of Hitchcock's Vertigo with a Holocaust twist.
Like its heroine, "Phoenix" speaks low but with bitter clarity.
Hoss is perfect in a challenging role, a woman trying to recover bits of the person she once was, but having to do so in service to a greedy scheme that robs her of the very identity she is trying to recover.
A thoroughly entertaining movie that probes our most painful history and provides a scalpel of a plot.
"Phoenix" takes its time and leaves us guessing until the final electrifying scene.
The movie isn't a thriller, but it still generates a strange sort of emotional suspense - an incredibly intense drama that makes you hold your breath.
German director Christian Petzold's examination of Berlin, through Nelly's eyes, just after the war, is somber, as is Nelly's story.
"Phoenix" is an intoxicating witches' brew, equal parts melodrama and moral parable, that audaciously mixes diverse elements to compelling, disturbing effect.
Beautiful and mysteriously powerful from beginning to end.
...not only a cinephile's treasure trove, a throwback to the film's of the forties touched with a modern sensibility, but a canny psychological portrait of a defeated country.
The cinematic equivalent of a page-turner, no more and no less.
The film, which seems to be designed to address the mainstream and art-house spectator, is thoroughly dramatic but also thought-provokingly allegorical.
A haunting, morbidly romantic melodrama with obvious links to Vertigo, but from a reverse angle.
A taut, atmospheric, engrossing and slow-burning noir thriller with a radiant performance by Nina Hoss.
There's no point in explaining where all of this goes. But Petzold is in command of it.
Vintage setting for the moral ambiguities of film noir, while creating a new showcase for Petzold's frequent muse Nina Hoss to create an indelible character.
Isn't stylish escapism, but a psychological drama that touches on betrayal in the aftermath of incalculable tragedy, finding Petzold in command of mood and reveals, while Hoss delivers exemplary work in the lead role.
True to genre and to the history it peels back, Phoenix boldly offers us a war without heroes, only ghosts of broken people moving through a broken world, searching in vain for their former selves.
Mr. Petzold has made a suave and suspenseful entertainment that doesn't seem entirely sure that it wants to be - or is able to be - more.
A profound commentary on the lasting effects of the Nazi era on the German people.
If the film at times feels more interesting in theory-for what it evokes, cinematic and otherwise-then all is forgotten once Phoenix arrives at its destination...
The plot is just implausible enough to keep the film from greatness, but director Christian Petzold (Barbara) stirs up a powder-keg metaphor about rebuilding after war.
German director Christian Petzold has come up with a splendid work of mourning and melodrama in "Phoenix."
Combines naturalism and the quasi-fantastical into an assured, confident dirge.
So beautifully made that it comes close to perfect.
The film's intimacy brings this societal critique right into our bedroom, exposing all the ways that marriages are their own form of subtle betrayals and self-preservation.
Christian Petzold never luxuriates in all this film history, but rather channels the artifice and affect it embodies into new insights.
﻿The intensely thoughtful director of Yella, Jerichow, and Barbara has returned with his favorite actress, Nina Hoss, for another of their immaculately realized dramas of psychological suspense and social culpability.
This wholly absorbing, even mystical, Holocaust tale has the most shattering concluding scene you're likely to see this year.
Zehrfeld is note perfect as the gruff, single-minded Johnny, oblivious -- or at least in denial -- about the true identity of his new roommate.
It works, due to a combination of Petzold's spartan restraint and a lovely performance by actress Nina Hoss.
Petzold builds the film to a stunningly executed finale that serves as a potent metaphor for the way the performance required by denial can't hope to suppress the truth from revealing itself.
A preposterous narrative convulsion is played with such conviction and sincerity that all reservations are swept to the wind.
Beneath the playful genre trappings lurks something much darker - an investigation of guilty memory and wishful forgetfulness in the wake of unspeakable national horror.
All of this plays out in a way that is restrained and understated to a fault, but Hoss is quietly devastating and there are one or two affecting moments.
Bleak, yet somehow brimming with hope, Phoenix feels like a one-off. Catch it while you can.
Borrows tension, look and conventions from postwar film noir, and the Hitchcockian doubles, reversals and atmosphere of suspicion unbalance expectations of which character (if either) is cat or mouse.
Petzold's best film, and an early contender for one of the year's finest.
The mistaken-identity trope has been used to comedic, dramatic and even horrific effect, but perhaps never in the deep noir tones of Phoenix, the latest from German writer/director Christian Petzold.
Christian Petzold's Phoenix is a darkly melodramatic tale told in a very unmelodramatic fashion.
Phoenix is full of ambiguity and intelligence.
[A] gloomy, implausible noir, set in the ruins of divided postwar Berlin.
A noir-ish and complex emotional thriller.
If it fails to consistently transcend its narrative troubles Phoenix does, on occasion, take flight.
A gripping study of treachery, identity and survival.
A flawed human canvas candidly divides the characters into people facing brutal moral realities they cannot transcend. While some go along to get along or succumb to identification with the oppressor, or immense heartbreak relieved by self-obliteration.
We buy the premise because of the film's dreamy quality: Phoenix's Berlin is a rubble-strewn labyrinth and its inhabitants walking ghosts haunted by the recent past.
A thrilling, seductive game of deception fit for film noir, where lies seek to unearth truths that would rather stay buried. Throughout it all, Petzold concocts images that will sear their way into your memory.
The warped narrative functions as an allegory for the stories that people and nations recount to themselves in order to go on surviving.
...the movie ends with one of the most memorable and spellbinding final scenes in recent cinema history.
Phoenix's premise is so questionable it's downright unbelievable.
The jazzy approach takes time to settle into a groove, but the longer its themes commingle, the more Phoenix harmonizes into something unforgettable.
"Phoenix"is as much a portrait of a woman longing to find herself again as a portrait of an entire nation longing for a way to re-build.
This is an amazing piece of work that transcends historical document to become art. Using the filmic language of noir, Petzold crafts a story of a culture caught in the aftermath of horror.
One of the best new movies I've seen this year.
An ingeniously plotted and rather heartbreaking movie ...
If it doesn't quite reach the level of Barbara, Phoenix still perpetuates one of the best contemporary director-actor collaborations, one that carries on the existential quandaries of the German New Wave in more accessible form.

@highlight

Tense, complex, and drenched in atmosphere, Phoenix is a well-acted, smartly crafted war drama that finds writer-director Christian Petzold working at peak power.