An ambitious yet not-entirely-successful endeavor...
Ellis unblushingly borrows from older movies, from the famous (Invasion of the Body Snatchers) to the little known (Roger Moore chiller The Man Who Haunted Himself), but he does conjure up a spine-chilling frisson all his own when anyone passes a mirror.
While the film might not work for fans of today's faster-paced horror/thrillers, The Broken is a creepy little pot boiler that's likely to get under the skin of many horror fans.
The Brøken may offer a somewhat derivative resolution, but it gets there via an aptly fractured narrative, intertwining two radically different kinds of story type to disorienting effect.
This rather nutty thriller begins to fall apart the more it tries to explain its premise, but it maintains a terrific sense of suspense right to the end
This film looks good, is capably acted and builds excellent atmosphere. And then it gets lost, and so do we.
I was on board with The Broken through the first three quarters, but the sucker punch of nothingness at the end soured me on the whole thing.
A slick but unscary spine-chiller.
Occasionally scary, often laughably portentous, never explained.
An extremely stylish, emotionally aloof film that lacks a strong enough story to create a great horror yarn.
Part mystery, part horror, it keeps us wondering what the hell is going on, while the sombre lensing ups the air of menace. The silly finale undoes a lot of the fine work, though.
Writer-director Sean Ellis is influenced by M. Night Shyamalan, and manages an approximation of both Shyamalan's habitual look and whispery melodramatics.
Fleeting pleasures are undermined by an inane, directionless narrative, barely-even-one-dimensional characters and an overall sense of superficiality.
This chilling moodpiece is both psychological thriller and ghost story, with each holding up a mirror to how the other half lives.
The tedium is almost as annoying as the sound effects.
The Brøken is interesting and confident in some ways, though laden down with unfinished moods, images, ideas - and a few scary-movie cliches. It looks like a short film pumped up to feature length.
Pompous and dour attempt at a psychological horror movie.
With a nod and a wink to Edgar Allan Poe and Hitchcock he has created a slick, supernatural thriller set in a cold and disquietingly quiet contemporary London.
A slick if derivative concept is well served by cold, grey cinematography and a chilling sense of shadowy menace.
A cerebral horror that's more creepily unsettling than out-and-out scary.
Mr Ellis has some visual flair. He builds up a menacing atmosphere, and there are a few nasty shocks. However, he seems to have no sense at all of pace or humour. His screenplay is terrible.
This stylishly-shot psycho-thriller from Sean Ellis is a creditable stab at the horror genre, but it lacks pace and plot. There's not enough blood 'n' gore for horror fans, while thriller admirers may find it too slow.
This is hardly a horror classic because it takes so damn long for anything to happen. And when it does, the ideas aren't built upon, leaving you with the feeling the script is two or three rewrites away from a final draft.
The Sneak was left wishing another film would break through the screen.
A Babel cast in a piece of free-associative gothic babble.
Horror fans who like their senses assaulted slasher-style with old-school gore and lots of jumpy bits may find this cerebral affair a tad too dull for their liking.
This unbelievably ponderous British chiller keeps priming us for some shocking revelations - oodles of "scary" incidental music, ominous shots of the London skyline - and signally fails to deliver them.
Here is a film from a director with a little more imagination and skill than story-telling sense.
This is very much a case of style over substance, but the atmospheric camerawork never really compensates for the subdued performances and a derivative, increasingly ridiculous plot.
The Broken isn't a bad horror film. It's just not a film-it's scary footage that serves no purpose.
Why the evil-doers need to do what they do is never explained. All we get is an atmospheric soundtrack desperately seeking a horror movie.
...grips your attention throughout, only to leave you unsatisfied at the end. Nevertheless, the journey is worth taking even if the destination is disappointing.
At it's heart there are some good ideas in The Broken but, as I said in the beginning, it's very, very slow in revealing those ideas.
While it is big on atmosphere and features crafty camerawork it is running on empty when it comes to plot.
It's not a stalker flick or a ghost story, although it's sort of a combination of both.
A brooding, atmospheric exercise in upscale psychological horror.




@highlight

A British chiller lacking in strongly drawn characters, The Broken feels unfinished and undercooked.