A shamelessly self-promoting homage documentary to a like-minded group of rebel pop culture artists, who work together in a NYC collective but do independent work.
As you watch the movie wholeheartedly and uncritically celebrate the group's "nonconformist" ethos (shouldn't someone gently break it to them?), you can feel the energy being sucked out of you.
An amiable portrait of the artist as a scruffy slacker, and a useful jumping off point for anyone interested in investigating some of the cultural issues that marked the 1990s and the start of the new millennium.
Like the art scene it documents, Beautiful Losers is chaotic, anarchic, rambling and populated by charismatic freaks with statement T-shirts, complicated haircuts and impossibly rare trainers.
You can't help but feel like a bit of an eye-rolling parent, wondering if a few of them might benefit from a proper job and a light slap.
The affection these people have for each other is what makes Beautiful Losers (the name is taken from one of their shows) so attractive.
Prioritising the self over the job means Beautiful Losers is rarely more than a compendium of loveliness and apology.
That said, all art deserves biography, and great art deserves recognition.
On your deathbed you will want back the time it takes to see this one.
One of the year's best documentaries.
The film's score, by Money Mark, is an entertainment in itself.
An absorbing look at how a circle of dispossessed young artists from the 1990s eventually found its way to mainstream success.
This is a pleasant enough visual romp with surprisingly few down notes.
[An] alternately winsome and irritating documentary about the art scene that grew out of the Alleged Gallery on Manhattan's Lower East Side in the 1990s.
Some of the art is probably interesting, but Rose's own video-influenced filmmaking style leaves little time for inspection or reflection.
[A] pleasant film, which sings the praises of nonconformity.
Though [Director] Mr. Rose can't be blamed for waxing nostalgic, he can't much expect us to care about so fawning and self-serving a document.
It succeeds intermittently and is reasonably enlightening, but whether audiences are really going to warm up to the individuals presented here is questionable.
a celebration of rude and raw art and the kinetic charge of experiencing something fresh and undefiled
Pleasing though less-than-profound homage.
A product of the movement as much as an ode to it, the film is a gem because of the immaturity and intimacy that it shares with those featured in it.
The cultural time capsule doubles as a testament to the joys of outsiders bonding, with interviewees emphasizing how they finally felt like they belonged somewhere after years of asphyxiating alone on the fringe.
Regardless of Rose's intentions, his underachieving airiness is both entertaining and perfectly fitting for the slacker ennui of his clique's rising years.
Aaron Rose and Joshua Leonard don't properly contextualize this mini-scene within the larger art world, nor provide basic background on their speakers.
A celebration of Peter Pan-like spirits who felt the freedom to express themselves before anybody cared.
...suffers from an egregiously "inside" sensibility that ensures neophytes will periodically be left scratching their heads at the whole thing.



@highlight

An insightful if fawning documentary that explores a group of 90s NYC artists.