In scene after scene, meaning sneaks in and sometimes roars.
This is a beautifully distilled and literally still work that lingers in the mind long after its conclusion.
As much as a downbeat comedy of bourgeois mores, Archipelago is a sort of claustrophobic horror story, set in a place of no easy escape.
Gloomy and unrewarding.
Exposes the fault lines of a middle-class family on holiday.
Archipelago is a subtle film of sensed absences.
A car-crash compelling, painfully comic distillation of modern British middle class mores.
Hogg, though a fine film-maker, doesn't always prevent us feeling that these people are not worth worrying about.
Is art the only way for the privileged to deal with their boredom and discontent? Hogg seems to be suggesting so.
Hogg is inviting us to dismiss these people as fundamentally different to ourselves. But sat in a dark auditorium, we are merely laughing at each other.
It's a difficult watch and a difficult sell, but this is quietly outstanding.
No other British director is making films quite like this.
Ed Rutherford's photography is superb, but this is a pale imitation of an Ingmar Bergman chamber drama.
Fascinating and confident film-making style of lengthy character improvisation ... a very slow burner that gives the opportunity to 'people watch' on screen.
Archipelago is a sad, funny, wise film.
'Archipelago' confirms Hogg as a daring and mischievous artist, and a major British talent whose next move will be intriguing.
A well-crafted affair elevated by terrific moments.
British writer/director Joanna Hogg follows her debut Unrelated with another insightful, impressively acted study of upper-middle-class family friction.
Joanna Hogg's follow-up to her acclaimed 2007 debut Unrelated is an impressively staged and impressively understated drama.
Joanna Hogg is the shining light of the UK Film Industry. She has saved us from another embarrassing LFF, and she has done it all without the help of the incompetent UK Film Council.


@highlight

Sad, funny, and wise in equal measure, Archipelago finds writer-director Joanna Hogg in remarkably strong, confident form.