Here, magic-realism and emotional realism run together. The story can lapse into jokiness or drag its heels a little. But when Momo's anguish bursts, and she soon realizes how sad her mother's truly been, the film bursts to life.
This accessible and heartfelt anime charms because of its honesty and impressive attention [to] detail.
The hit-and-miss English dub flattens some of the dramatic beats, but this is still a rather lovely piece of work.
Though made by the studio Production I.G, this is a markedly Ghibli-esque affair, overtly referencing Miyazaki's My Neighbour Totoro and Princess Mononoke among others.
The new anime A Letter to Momo feels like the movie that Hayao Miyazaki's final film should have been.
Filmmakers of live-action fare, even that which ostensibly is aimed at adults, could learn a lot from its tact.
A Letter to Momo is a sweet, melancholy story with beautiful artwork that pays special attention to both natural surroundings and traditional Japanese animistic spirits, but its appeal is overwhelmingly human.
A sweet, heartfelt, yet never maudlin story about an 11-year-old girl's coming to terms with the loss of her father.
It's difficult to imagine any children's movie retaining the attention of its intended audience for two hours, but this movie feels especially monotonous.
Despite the hand-drawn film's supernatural edge, one of Okiura's lyrical strengths is acquainting a viewer with the poetry of the real - animated reflections of ordinary, beautiful things we see in everyday life without actually noticing them at all.
It's (... ) remarkable since it's a tender, sweet film that softly explores the resolution of loss on levels that parents and children both will understand, enjoy and savor.
Remains absolutely lovely with intimate moments and heartbreaking with honest communication, sold with gorgeous animation that brings out character detail and fantasy peculiarity with equal grace.
A sweet tale of a sad girl who moves to a new place and meets supernatural pals.
A striking example of Japanese hand-drawn animation, it casually combines things you wouldn't expect in one place.
Had Okiura cut some of the supernatural shtick he would have had a far more affecting and mercifully shorter movie.
After the fashion of Miyazaki's films, the visual style achieves a satisfying balance between realistic detail and painterly flourishes, and the laid-back pacing allows one to savor both.
"A Letter to Momo" is unquestionably lovely to look at, but viewers may not be able to shake the feeling that they've seen much of it before, and done better.
Scene after gorgeously hand-drawn scene offer a visual feast, but two hours of it is a bit too long.
Who cares if there's a better film to be cut out of A Letter to Momo's frames? If the experience of watching is exhausting, it's no less rewarding.
Thankfully, the supernatural elements never overshadow the human story occurring in the foreground.
The stunning animation, from the energy of its characters' faces and bodies to those entrancing backgrounds securely rank the film alongside other worthy entries in post-Miyazaki anime.
A comic adventure that suffers from a dearth of both laughs and thrills.
The tone is generally light, the bickering goblins make a boffo comedy team, and while there's a recurring fart joke, it borders on classy. That's the power of good anime.
Literally beset by goblins, this strained animated effort should have concentrated on the human elements of its story rather than the supernatural.
A beautifully connected film on a spiritual level. Overall, Okiura stays very focused on Momo's emotional journey, which is smart.
As Momo conquers her fears, averts a tragedy and finally sees the beauty of her surroundings, the movie grabs your heart with the softest of hands.
It offers a realistic portrayal of Momo's emotional state, but this comes at the expense of a deeper exploration into both the story's lush supernatural landscape and its inhabitants.
Its many warm and charming moments, which sometimes recall the work of Studio Ghibli, should earn the film a solid fan base in America.
While the supernatural element makes for the film's most entertaining sequences... the story distinguishes itself from other anime offerings through its attention to both visual and emotional realism.
Although the film may lack the charm found in similar offerings, it pulls genuine emotional punches that only enhance its sense of wonder.

@highlight

Sweet, sad, and visually striking, A Letter to Momo is a hand-drawn experience for animation fans to savor.