McCarthy had been on an upswing with her films, like last year's Spy, but as disgraced business mogul Darnell, she's surprisingly unfunny.
Movies don't need to have sophisticated plots, but they do need to make sense.
Peter Dinklage is far too talented to be showing up in garbage comedies like this
The Boss, directed by McCarthy's husband Ben Falcone, is a comedic flatline: poorly paced, flaccidly scripted, morally disjointed.
One for established fans only, I think.
With a better director, The Boss could maybe be a B-, but [Ben] Falcone's flat, inert direction dooms it to C status.
Someone please tell Melissa McCarthy to stop working with her writer-director husband Ben Falcone.
Leading a pack that includes Kristen Bell, Peter Dinklage, Dave Bautista and Kathy Bates, McCarthy seems ready to prove she's The Boss of bosses.
While the plot is your basic paint-by-numbers remake of Uncle Buck (bad person gets adopted by good family, becomes good person), McCarthy turns on the focus, cranks up the pratfalls, and reminds you once again that she really knows what she's doing.
. . .each of the movie's potential highs loses direction and intensity too soon to establish any foundation of empathy from the audience toward her, likable or not.
You can put Melissa McCarthy in pretty much anything and expect to see it elevated as a result. Certainly she does this here: it'd be nothing at all without her. But even with her it's not enough.
McCarthy is a brilliant physical comedian. But boy, does she need a decent director.
It's not funny or inspirational, just loud and trite.
[McCarthy is] deliciously dry, harsh, funny, a fine physical comedian. She excels as weird supporting characters... Since her early films, however, she's tried to push herself as an improbable leading woman.
Te movie's principal strategy (streaming profanity in inappropriate places) feels so familiar, it's a non-starter.
The Boss is not actually good. Melissa McCarthy is actually great in it, however.
Depressingly crass.
While there's plenty about The Boss to appreciate, I'm just not certain there's a great deal to like.
There's something irrepressible about McCarthy's shtick. Her foul-mouthed rants are always amusing, even when they're not quite laugh-out-loud funny.
The Boss is sketch comedy, with none of the lines colored in.
The Boss is pretty much a by-the-numbers comedy that comes nowhere near last year's Spy, which saw her on top form.
Sergeant Bilko meets Horatio Alger in this flick of solid goofiness and a rollicking good time.
Needlessly starting out on such a false, bombastic note emblematizes the film's mistake of blowing up the character past what made her recognizable, and thereby funny, in the first place.
A film that is both funny and works to McCarthy's strengths. It is a little over the top at times (and a little more "adult" than you might expect) but it's definitely a film that will make you laugh out loud.
The Boss has its moments and a first-rate cast, but considering the level of talent involved, just doesn't quite get the job done.
Melissa McCarthy brings another of her improvisational alter-egos to the big screen with this energetic comedy.
Bell makes for a plucky foil and Peter Dinklage is dependably dotty as a rival captain of industry. If only there was just a bit more meat on The Boss's funny bone.
Ms McCarthy deserves better.
The confidently modest McCarthy creates her own happy endings. Make a date with this woman and you'll TF it's Friday.
The result is unsubtle, rarely funny and forgettable but McCarthy is a force of nature and a very good comic actress and Bell makes for an appealing foil.
There are some laughs but The Boss sweats and strains to little effect.
Racks up enough laughs to justify the ticket price.
Look, I love Melissa McCarthy -- she is a truly gifted comic actress -- and I want to love her films. So she should stop making bad ones! It's bumming me out!
McCarthy gives a terrific performance in a film that, even charitably, can only be described as so-so.
It gets schmaltzy, sags heavily in the middle and has gags that would cause outrage were genders reversed, but if you're looking for a LOL-fest this is, erm, boss.
A film that is less than the sum of its parts.
McCarthy's superlative ability to riff on a theme provides some good laughs - check out the scene where she casts a critical eye over Claire as she's about to go out on a date.
The Boss is a big fat drag of a movie and McCarthy, throwing herself into it with her usual crackling, live-wire energy, can only lift it in places.
It is probably too much to expect a mainstream comedy to sustain the level of malice, greed, misanthropy, and cynicism that propels The Boss early on. Without these elements, though, the film drifts off into dreary conventionality.
It's quite funny, though not exactly original, and as with Amy Schumer, you can see how McCarthy gets de-fanged by the imperatives of mainstream Hollywood comedy, with its need for sentimental resolutions.
McCarthy is stranded, salvaging only what she can through the stray excellence of her timing, which is more or less infallible.
Plays with hierarchies and rivalries of women's lives that often aren't seen onscreen, and embraces women as powerful. But it's just not very funny about it.
In the film's floundering search for a decent laugh, the wackiness is upped to desperate levels in the hope that something - anything - might stick.
It's a proficient but forgettable comedy well-suited to the raucous nature of its star.
Fitfully funny but failing to really build to much of anything, The Boss is mostly a bust. Even its main character would have a hard time buying it.
Swaggers and bulls through a few pratfalls and chuckles, slips in its childish efforts at crass comedy, slumps in its let's-be-a-family sentiment, and market-crashes with its moronic capitalist message for grrrl$.
A bad comedy that simply doesn't have anything to make it worth seeing. [Full review in Spanish]
A rowdy comedy that only seems to engage when is committed to physical humor. [Full review in Spanish]
Hot on the heels of Spy, Melissa McCarthy strikes while her iron's hot with another pleasing lark, this one featuring one of her more daring performances... It's pretty impressive.
The writers, including McCarthy, have failed to create conflict or tension that feels credible.
The Boss is a smug, tacky and indefensible cavalcade of free-market conservative values dressed up in innocent buffoonery, too vulgar for children and too dumb for adults.
Many modern comedies don't have much in the way of laughs or serviceable plots. That The Boss manages to land an admirable number of jokes while almost telling its story in a satisfactory manner feels like a triumph.
This is clearly Melissa McCarthy's show from beginning to end, for better or for worse, but The Boss is mostly just a comedy for already-established McCarthy-ites.
Did they set out to make an even worse movie than 2014's Tammy? Well, they did-crude, cruel, coarse and laughless.
Falcone and McCarthy believe that as long as a situation is inappropriate, it's funny.
Dinklage is awful as the foppish villain, and aside from one uproarious, ad-libbed riff, McCarthy seems to be on autopilot.
McCarthy puts on a good show, whether you prefer absurdly implausible slapstick or shocking insults or awkward and comically violent gags involving female anatomy.
Too much obscene/profane language from the adults and especially from the kids.
Overall, The Boss is a little half-baked. It's a middle-of-the-road comedy that feels unfinished.
The Boss is not as clever or as funny as it might have been, but seeing it made me think about a few issues within the film and outside of it, which is not a bad result.
The results are, shall we say, uneven so be in the right mood for it if you're going.
The Boss is a cynical, obscenity-dipped comedy about how the American Dream can be imagined, won, lost and won again, complete with gross-outs and gags contemplating bodily functions.
It's a shame, then, that such a wonderfully vibrant performer ends up in a film that can barely stagger to her level of commitment.
While the game co-stars here suggest that this is going to suddenly become amusing it never really does
You'll have forgotten the whole thing by the time you reach the parking lot.
McCarthy and her director and co-writer Ben Falcone -- who previously collaborated with her on the underrated Tammy -- struggle to sustain the energy of this opening.
The script was co-written by McCarthy herself in collaboration with Steve Mallory, a pal from her Groundlings days, and her husband, actor-writer Ben Falcone, who directed the film, but it fails to give her anything like the nourishment she needs.
What I appreciate is that McCarthy isn't just sticking to what she knows and churning out sequels to her previously successful films. Instead she's challenging herself to be funny in different realms.
Melissa McCarthy is, well, Melissa McCarthy and her charisma drives this comedy along which should satisfy her fan club. Others will be less impressed.
The Boss feels less like it came from a fully realized script than from a collection of ideas from a sketch-comedy journal.
Tellingly, and depressingly, the exit point for many a sketchy scene is simply McCarthy saying something inappropriate in the company of young children or better-behaved adults.
McCarthy lands a few big zingers and aces her usual outrageous physical gags. But her character just isn't as complex or likable as the lovable yet filthy-mouthed underdogs she's played in more successful Paul Feig comedies like Spy.
I kept watching to see what McCarthy was going to do next, and I usually enjoyed whatever it was. In a movie like this, that's really all that matters.
An opportunity to watch a comedic performer at the top of her game revel boldly in her own confident weirdness.
A great comic mind is a terrible thing to waste.
Melissa McCarthy will do anything for a laugh, except, frustratingly, edit for quality.
No good, impossibly living down to the comedic wasteland that was "Tammy."
Has a couple of well-delivered comic set-ups.
The Boss is at its best when McCarthy's Darnell is being inappropriate around children.
Melissa McCarthy fans will enjoy the ride, although this one-joke comedy limits itself within its predictable comic boundaries
The Boss isn't a mold-breaker for Melissa McCarthy's brand of humor, but it is a solid mainstream comedy elevated by its star.
It doesn't have a story beyond, "What if Melissa McCarthy played the boss?" That it almost succeeds is a testament to her strengths as a performer and the rest of the game ensemble cast.
The movie is all too neat a package for McCarthy's exuberantly inventive comic artistry.
Even though The Boss is co-written by McCarthy and her husband, director Ben Falcone (who should know his wife's strengths better), the film often strands its title character in shrill one-note caricature, mostly unchallenged.
There's a lot to love about Melissa McCarthy as a comedic performer. Few of those qualities are on display here.
Off-and-on Melissa McCarthy goes rude, crude and very lewd as an infinitely unlikable ex-orphan whose huge corporate success turns to failure and back again.
McCarthy is funniest when she's hardcore; her worst movies, this and 'Tammy' and 'Identity Thief,' force her to go all soft.
They say that love is blind, but when it comes to starring in a movie co-written and directed by your spouse, it can also prove to be deaf and dumb. As in tone-deaf and very, very dumb.
Despite the female empowerment theme, the vulgar, R-rated shenanigans aren't appropriate for the young audience that would most appreciate the slapstick pratfalls.
... emphasizes broad slapstick over clever satire and doesn't seem to realize that aggressive vulgarity isn't automatically funny.
the uncomfortable interplay between saccharine and silliness never settles into a cohesiveness that would make the story work.
If you're not already a Melissa McCarthy fan, The Boss probably won't change your mind but there are some hard laughs to be had and people who love her work will lap it up.
A weak-sauce collection of predictable story beats, au courant vulgarity, and unearned sentiment that is not a sturdy enough foundation atop which McCarthy can shine.
A well-meaning, often very funny call for female empowerment in dire need of a script revision and a judicious edit.
Melissa McCarthy is an unqualified talent. Unfortunately, The Boss is a near-miss...
The script - written by McCarthy, Falcone and Steve Mallory - is a barebones frame on which Falcone hangs opportunities for McCarthy to riff and improvise, which produces a few gut-busting moments but not enough.
The team of McCarthy/spouse as auteurs threatens to give nepotism a bad name...there's good news and bad news. The good news is that it's only 90 minutes long; the bad news is that it is 90 minutes long.
Some formulas shouldn't be tinkered with, and packing piss and vinegar into brownie mix is bound to leave a bad taste.
It's nearly impossible to enjoy Melissa McCarthy on the big screen these days.
I persist in believing that Melissa McCarthy is capable of starring in a movie that not only makes a scads of money but is -- you know -- good. The latest refutation of my belief is The Boss.
If only 1/3 of a comedy is funny, can it really be recommended?
McCarthy's hard-edged comedy squanders its potential.
The Boss feels like a fun character gradually wasted, setting up a safe but smart premise, making it zing, then dropping it for a floundering third act development. Quitting while ahead might be wiser but that would leave a 70-minute movie.
The predictability drains the film of its energy so that even the best jokes are reduced to just a chuckle. Not every film has to be aggressive, but the cost is a film that's quickly forgettable, and not entirely worthy of McCarthy's talents.
It takes a lot of work to make Melissa McCarthy seem unfunny, but The Boss is more than up to the task.
The Boss' affable midsection gives way to a seriously tedious third act...
A few moments are fantastically bonkers, but granting director duties to McCarthy's husband, Ben Falcone, feels more like an act of love than wisdom.
I love McCarthy --- I strongly believe she's better than this. If you really want to laugh, find "Spy" from last year. It's a much better film.
Physical humor is where McCarthy sparkles, but there is not enough in this movie to satisfy. I would like to see a Melissa McCarthy film with more sight gags and less spewing of profanity and bathroom-related references.
It's humorous but not hysterical. It's not the comedy you've been waiting for, but that doesn't mean it's not one you'll enjoy.
The Boss, [McCarthy's] latest starring vehicle, once again gives her the insults, the bad attitude, and the sudden change of heart, and the whole routine feels stale.
McCarthy is great - foul-mouthed, funny and fierce. And for those of us who suffered painfully (yet hopefully) through things like "Identity Thief," the movie feels like a healthy step forward.
As fun as The Boss is, it would be nice to see (McCarthy) focus on movies with real scripts, populated by real people, tackling real life. Blending her gifts for the comic and the dramatic, McCarthy really could be the Boss.
While the meager and predictable storyline gives the lead actress enough material with which to elicit some outrageous and mean-spirited laughs, those can only carry a pic like this so far. (Parental Content Review - Sex, Profanity, etc. - Available)
That 'Ghostbusters' reboot simply can't get here soon enough for this falling star.
The Boss was hilarious ... until they got all emotional. Ick.
This is a lazy Melissa McCarthy vehicle that relies on relentless potty-mouth moments - it's so funny when otherwise decorous characters continually do the vulgar! - and the pratfall comedy of McCarthy.
"The Boss" never feels like more than a series of bawdy, R-rated sketches held together by bubble gum and masking tape.
How can someone so funny be responsible for such mediocrity?
'The Boss' would have benefited if they had just gone all in on making the disgraced titan hilariously despicable.
It is hard to think of a movie squandering the opportunity of a perfectly timed cultural moment quite like "The Boss."
It's just early April, but I have an early contender for the most loathsome, ill-advised, horrible executed, most spectacularly unfunny movie scene of the year.
Did you ever think only male comics could obsess over infantile boob, crotch and sex jokes? The Boss will set you straight on that delusion, too.
As in McCarthy's slipshod road movies Identity Thief and Tammy, the material here isn't on her level, the laughs are largely cheap and once again, the hall-of-fame comic actress is stuck in a minor-league movie.
McCarthy shines when loosely riffing, but the plot tightens around her like a vise.
One of the most morally repugnant, mean-spirited, tone-deaf films you will ever see.
A character can be hilariously obnoxious or endearing but not both, even when played by the irresistible McCarthy.
McCarthy deserves better than this. She can aim higher.
If you're a McCarthy fan, I bet you'll give "The Boss" excellent feedback on its performance.
McCarthy is such a comedic powerhouse that she can play Michelle with incredible physicality and slapstick while also imbuing the character with wit, cunning, and even ruthlessness.
Nothing in the storyline, direction or character types is remotely fresh.
Although her charisma is still undeniable, there's also no denying that McCarthy is capable of much more than she's allowing herself to do here. There comes a point when every force of nature starts to look just plain forced.
Michelle is too much of a caricature; she doesn't have the soul of, say, Megan in Bridesmaids or Susan in Spy. She never feels like a person. She learns lessons, but she never has doubts or fears.
There are brief bursts of hilarity, and they are all, without exception, owed to McCarthy's innate charisma and comedic timing.
Sometimes it's pleasurable enough just watching the most unlikely American comedy star since Bill Murray slip into a groove.
Well, they can't all be Bridesmaids.
The thing that consistently holds this latter kind of movie back is McCarthy's inability, or unwillingness, to give anyone else anything interesting to do.
It clips its own wings and tames the force of nature at its center, short circuiting its potential as a rude-tempered star vehicle.
The loosey-goosey fun might be a bit much at the finish, but it's still a laugh watching McCarthy try to get back on her feet.
World-class gumption and an on-camera look that the pretty committee would applaud can't save a poorly executed comedy whose essential elements are dirty words and falling down.
Don't get me wrong: There are a lot of laughs in The Boss. The problem is that the space in between them is stagnant and shapeless.
There's nothing wrong with bawdy humor... But this stuff just crosses the line so far and so often it gives the whole movie an "ick" factor that's hard to get around.
The Boss can be a very flawed movie while still being hilarious.
Melissa McCarthy meet Michelle Darnell . You really should get to know each other better.
The Boss is a bungling of its greatest asset: McCarthy. That's particularly perplexing considering she, [husband Ben] Falcone and Steve Mallory wrote the movie for her.
A slick shrug of a movie that feels like closer to an Adam Sandler comedy than to McCarthy's past projects.
McCarthy is a national slapstick treasure, but The Boss is a weak-kneed comedy that would topple without her.
Melissa McCarthy works overtime to keep an uneven comedy humming.
By making McCarthy the center of every scene without giving her an actual character to play, Falcone and McCarthy require her to carry more weight that anyone possibly could.
The Boss may be a better written, tighter comedy than Tammy, the first feature directed by McCarthy's husband Falcone, but it's still a hollow echo of the superior work the star has executed in Spy and Bridesmaids.
A flopping mess, a hammy hodgepodge of crude jokes, awkward slapstick gags and sometimes mean-spirited, vulgar humor that just isn't funny.
A scattershot farce that resembles a short-form sketch stretched to inordinate length, especially in a last-act confrontation that's both ill-conceived and abysmally executed.
It is the worst kind of bad movie. It's not actively, confidently, exuberantly bad, in a way that engages with you and forces you to react in some way. It's passively bad.
There's no question that "The Boss" is McCarthy's show, and her ability to be lovable while playing a foul-mouthed narcissist is a wonder to behold.
"The Boss" has zero finesse as a comedy. When Darnell crashes into a wall, or takes a tumble down the stairs, it's alarming and painful, as opposed to funny.
"The Boss'' provides the talented Melissa McCarthy plenty of scenery to comically chew on - she is very funny at times - but the story is paper-thin, and the script gives much of the supporting cast the proverbial pink slip.
A lot of The Boss works because Michelle Darnell is a funny character, and McCarthy is funny playing her.
McCarthy's trademark blend of chipper likability and treble-voiced rage just isn't quite enough to carry things through.
There are a handful of funny moments, but they're few and far between in a movie that never quite figures out what kind of joke it's trying to make.
Melissa McCarthy, you're breaking my heart.
A hit-and-miss comedy, but McCarthy leads a game cast through several memorable moments.
If one of the '90s Adam Sandler movies had a weird May-December romance with a '00s Apatow production, the ungainly, misshapen, sterile hybrid that is The Boss might result.
The Boss is a strange tonal mess that's not exactly Tammy bad. But even with McCarthy swinging for the fences, it still can't close the deal.
Melissa McCarthy is fun (to a degree) as a self-absorbed business tycoon who loses everything, but the script she and her director husband devised is a shambles.
Well, it's better than "Tammy." By a smidge.
Catastrophic
The gifted Melissa McCarthy has spent the bulk of her post-Bridesmaids career elevating so-so material. Add this raunchy comedy to the pile of mediocrity.
Trying to balance her trademark bulldozer comedic style with a little more sweetness, Melissa McCarthy gets part of the way there with this sporadically funny film that has moments of real heart amidst a formulaic redemption story.
Melissa McCarthy is hilarious in every scene of "The Boss," but the movie rarely keeps up with her.
Melissa McCarthy has once again breathed irrepressible life and spirit into a truly original creation.
The Boss feels like an elongated sketch.
The Boss hurls McCarthy down flights of stairs when there's no opportunity to be clever; one gag literally throws her against the wall, as if the writers could only decide by seeing it if their idea would stick.
'The Boss' is just a rock-solid and genuinely funny comic vehicle from one of our biggest/brightest comedic movie stars.
Slovenly and undisciplined, it stumbles through go-nowhere plots before offering a half-hearted lesson about friendship and trust, which perhaps would be tolerable if it was actually whole-hearted.
Perpetually in search of laughs it almost never finds.
It isn't comedy, and it isn't drama, much less comedy-drama.
McCarthy remains one of the funniest actors alive - a truth that frequently rescues, but doesn't really redeem, this sloppy comedy ...
A free-for-all of inappropriate language unsuitable for even the most crass boy's-club boardroom, The Boss can't quite decide if warming the heart or obliterating it with insults is the end goal.
Is it possible that Melissa McCarthy's funniest, most memorable characters are only in Paul Feig movies?
"The Boss" doesn't work.
The Boss gives its star few, if any, hitting partners. It's a baffling decision ...

@highlight

Melissa McCarthy remains as fiercely talented as ever, but her efforts aren't enough to prop up the baggy mess of inconsistent gags and tissue-thin writing that brings down The Boss .