"G" is a vacuous movie set in attractive locations.
The F. Scott Fitzgerald's classic, The Great Gatsby, adapted as a modern-day morality play in blackface. This fairly-faithful version explores the same themes as its source material, only with a hip-hop spin.
Reworking the story with a hip-hop record mogul at its center comes across as little more than a stunt. And not a very good stunt.
Another strikeout, further destroying F. Scott Fitzgerald's film batting average.
No green light but the one mistakenly given to start production.
I still thought there were enough good performances, great visuals, and an interesting examination of a lifestyle in a way that we haven't seen a lot of times in movies for me to recommend it.
G often resembles a glossy BET soap opera...Cherot does capture the decadence of its slick "playas" in the extravagant world of bling-worshipping music moguls
An unpolished but entertaining tragedy filled with outstanding performances and memorable moments.
You should never make a movie about boundless, conspicuous wealth on an indie budget.
We beat on, boats against the current, borne back ceaselessly into the sha-fizzle-dizzle.
[A] poorly acted, directed and written (but slick-looking) vanity project.
Bottom line: It works even if you've never heard of F. Scott Fitzgerald. But it's twice as much fun if you have.
The women are shrewishly materialistic, the men are manipulative or violent and the Polo wardrobes look fabulous on everyone. It's an ugly affair overall, but at least you can say you've never seen such beautiful shirts.
The book was about class and the American dream. The movie is too, though it's most interested in the soap opera machinations of the plot.
Everyone in this movie is getting it on with someone else behind their lover's back, but only the women have to end up suffering for it. Nice, right?
Christopher Scott Cherot's drama is an honorable attempt laid low by a verbose script, cheap production values, and a general tendency toward soap opera.
There is scarcely a minute's worth of believable human behavior on display in G, which builds to a climax as incoherent as it is ludicrous.
The decadent world of Hamptonite hip-hop moguls is a fitting backdrop for this somewhat faithful but not very graceful retelling of F. Scott Fitzgerald's 'Great Gatsby.'
The filmmakers are going for something operatic here with their mix of love and loss, rap and race. They miss. By a lot.
Fails both as an update of F. Scott Fitzgerald's dissection of American aspirations and class barriers and on its own boorish terms.
The problem with G is not merely that the ending doesn't work and feels hopelessly contrived. It's also that the plot adds too many unnecessary characters and subplots, so that the main line gets misplaced.
In nimbly sidestepping the burden of textual fidelity, director Christopher Scott Cherot's freeform Fitzgerald riff captures the novel's sense of unrequited yearning better than any of Hollywood's more slavishly faithful attempts.
props for being more ambitious than the average contemporary black romantic drama.
[It] would be a fascinating exercise -- both artistic and anthropological -- if one word of G were authentic, artful or even borderline believable.
The producers may be right to bemoan Hollywood's myopia; but it's the movie's execution, not its vision of an alternative African-American cinema, that delayed its release.





@highlight

Race and class struggles come to the Hamptons in this reworking of The Great Gatsby with a hip-hop flavor. Unfortunately, too many subplots and a lack of believable characters spoil an otherwise novel concept.