There are plenty of movies out there that will try to get an audience to question its faith; this one will allow the faithful to examine their beliefs from a position of confidence.
Heaven is for Real is about Christians and how Christians talk about, and perhaps imagine, heaven to be.
Highly recommended for those struggling with belief in spiritual realities.
"Some people might be afraid to believe," Todd (Greg Kinnear) sighs at one point. The triumph of Heaven Is for Real is in the film's embrace of the very down-to-earth notion that such fear can lurk even in the hearts of those who have faith.
It never strays far from preaching, leaving viewers no choice but to see Pastor Burpo primarily as an unreliable narrator.
A smooth, easygoing film that will please its target audience, even if it doesn't quite reach the heavenly heights of other inspirational efforts in the faith-based genre.
It's really just more numbing propaganda.
Christians may shout hallelujah that faith-based films are arriving in theaters, but believers should pray for something much better.
While the film makes decent use of the plains of Nebraska to give us a portrait of smalltown Red States America, there's a hectoring, insincere feel to this project that renders it practically unwatchable.
You'd think any movie that an all-powerful deity had a hand in would be awesome, right? Turns out, not so much. There's barely even a story here.
This latest spot of cinevangelism at least sports a theatrical heft ...
...a bottom-of-the-barrel drama that's been geared towards the lowest common denominator.
Unlikely to convert any skeptics, but if they wander into the multiplex, they'll find that that the prettily photographed sermon goes down easily.
Heaven Is for Real works in mysterious ways for a faith-based movie. It actually leaves room for doubt, in a genre founded on Christian absolutes. Tears aren't jerked; Bibles aren't thumped. Believing gets easier.
...will no doubt fill a niche, but a more satisfying movie could have been made had the filmmakers followed Iris DeMent's advice and simply let the mystery be.
The movie's visions of a greenscreen afterlife of digital angels and a Jesus who resembles Dan Fogelberg on the cover of the 'Greatest Hits' album is more trite than inspiring, yet the film is smart enough to recognize the weirdness of its premise
What did Colton Burpo experience? 'Heaven is for Real,' based on the best-selling book 'Heaven is for Real: A Little Boy's Astounding Story of His Trip to Heaven and Back,' is a gentle, heartfelt movie that allows viewers to decide for themselves.
It's not great filmmaking, or even good filmmaking for that matter, but you may find yourself saying "Amen" nevertheless.
Don't be fooled, it's not hope or love that Heaven Is For Real is peddling. It's a divisive paean to a bogus cultural divide created by a coalition of opportunists who don't mind making money selling that same poisonous lie.
This is a big-tent Christian film that wriggles around a lot seeking to accommodate multiple varieties of religious experience, and ends up terminally infected with the virus of postmodern relativism.
A sermon. Some will get it, and for those who don't it doesn't matter.
The "heaven" experience is not presented as a shocker but rather as a true event that happened to a family; that makes this a movie that all audiences will enjoy.
A well-acted, family-friendly and timely movie for Easter audiences that is just as much about appreciating life on Earth as it is about what comes after.
The earnest performances aren't enough to elevate the vanilla narrative from a faith-based film that will only preach to the choir.
There's no antagonist, no resolution, and no real climax - just a series of mildly charming scenes in which Colton shares heavenly knowledge while his family reacts with awestruck tears.
... winds up as another cinematic example of preaching to the choir.
Kinnear does an excellent job of capturing Burpo's obvious dilemma and the turmoil he and his wife endure as they work through this critical time in the life of their family.
Extremely earnest drama explores issues of family and faith.
Whatever works.
The filmmakers assume if you're watching this movie, then you already share the characters' beliefs, and that makes Heaven Is for Real a homily rather than a searching meditation on serious themes.
One of the finest achievements of director Randall Wallace's smartly crafted family film is the way Todd Burpo becomes the story's most driven and sincere doubter.
Won't have much traction outside of Christian family-film audiences
As cinematic sermons go...slicker than most...But it's still a sermon [that] breaks the 'faith-based' mold in terms of production quality but in the end succumbs to the usual pattern of playing to the faithful.
Heaven is For Real stops feeling like a drama and more like an illustrated religious pamphlet.
means well as it attempts for wrest something theologically profound out of its subject matter.
This film looks inward, using Colton's story to ask Christians to think through what they really believe, rather than focusing all their energy on how to get non-Christians to believe it too.
The faithful should welcome it warmly. Others may come away unconvinced while appreciating the film's sincerity and lack of anti-secular axes being ground.
It has the right amount of joy and pathos to keep it believable and entertaining.
Corum is so credible in the role, speaking the words of the real Colton, that moviegoers will be hard pressed to deny the veracity of it all.
Wallace has created a movie that has a message that goes beyond preaching to the choir. That's when the work is at its best.
Randall Wallace's moving movie version of Todd Burpo's best-selling book does not harbor a left-wing or right-wing political agenda, just an angel-wing chronicle about the extraordinary experiences of a 4-year-old boy.
It seems unlikely that anyone but a father with a few loose screws could see Colton's story as proof of anything but an active imagination. That he could become a beacon of hope to those who want to believe in God seems downright impossible.
Here is a strange movie about people of faith who seem to have a difficult time grasping one of the key tenets of their faith.
Though not a film everyone will like, Heaven Is for Real is a perfectly respectable story that does exactly what it sets out to do.
Fluff that doesn't rise to the potential of its themes and questions, playing softball with the concept of faith instead of drilling into the meaning of submission and its often uncomfortable relationship with reason.
Sensitive, spiritual adaptation from Todd Burpo's best-selling non-fiction book, elevated by Greg Kinnear's affable Everyman performance.
it's less about proving a point and more about finding ways to cope with ourselves when our faith is challenged
Best known as the Academy Award-nominated screenwriter for "Braveheart," Randall Wallace frames his piece with a gentle and all-inclusive touch that welcomes as many doubters as believers.
A touching, moving film with a standout performance from Connor Corum (did I mention he's 6?).
Preachy and pretty, "Heaven" is a classy-looking product with a vanilla flavor and a pastel palette.
We might have expected more from writer-director Randall Wallace, who brought us the Oscar-nominated "Braveheart." But the material is pretty cookie-cutter and more typical of an afterschool special.
Its debate style could be called 'the argument through victimization': It wants you to side with [its lead] not because he has the better case, but because everyone else are jerks.
While watching, I couldn't help but think of the studio execs in the background whispering in the filmmakers ears "does it have to be so religious? Can you make it any less... Christian?"
Hucksterism or attractively marketed sincerity, it doesn't really matter. I simply want to believe that this approach to Evangelical filmmaking... could take hold and serve as a model of not-crazy, not-stupid and not-hateful.
Kinnear ... remains a consistent screen presence, even if the material he's been handed lately rarely matches his talents.
For all these travails, the film remains a remarkably passive affair.
No matter your religious preferences, you'll find it tedious and pandering - unless you worship at the altar of boredom.
The touching Heaven Is for Real marks faith-based filmmaking's next logical step into the mainstream.
Unlike many of the features targeted to what Hollywood is calling the "faith audience," the movie is well-acted and shot, often thoughtful and (intentionally) funny.
Wallace uses the color blue, low angle shots and a syrupy score to invoke all things heavenly but his visualizations of Colton's 'trip' are downright cheesy, especially the blue-green eyed Jesus who looks like an 80's pop star...
Inspiring and based on a true story
Believers will believe and skeptics will scoff, while those of us looking for an artistically well-told telling of the tale will wish that some tweaks here and there had been applied. (Full Content Review for Parents also available)
An extremely emotional movie. Kinnear is awesome, and this could be considered among one of the best performances of his career.
Believers in this particular idea of heaven will find what they are looking for. Everyone else is unlikely to be enlightened or inspired.
Without fail, every time I found myself liking this movie, it would break the spell with its ulterior motives.
This spiritual drama isn't as straightforward as its title suggests and it's all the better for it.
What could have been merely a feel-good exercise in Eschatology Lite instead becomes a wholesome but also surprisingly tough-minded portrait of a man wrestling with his faith.
The images of heaven somehow diminish the impact of the boy's experience, perhaps because heaven is just too profound for anyone to film.
This heavy-handed movie is simply a sermon its makers think we all should hear.
It is the rapport between Kinnear and the boy that really holds the film together. They make the father-son relationship believable in a way that grounds "Heaven" and gives it some of its best moments.
Unfortunately, Heaven Is For Real isn't really a movie about religion so much as an attempt to appeal to the broadest possible audience of conservative evangelicals.
Although it has some serious flaws, it rises above genre fare, thanks to Greg Kinnear's intriguing performance and the work of a good cast.
Heaven Is For Real uses the likability of lead Greg Kinnear to spin out some well crafted if sentimental family drama about the good Christian folks of a small Nebraska town.
Comfort food for the faithful.
Given its declarative title, "Heaven Is for Real" should have built a more convincing case.
Heaven Is for Real is the kind of movie that will give faith-based filmmaking a good name.
Leaves you feeling the film has somehow missed its mark, copping out with a mealymouthed, almost relativistic reading of the cosmic conundrum it has presented us with ...
A supposedly true story that uses faulty logic to reduce the complexity of faith to a fairy-tale. By rights, it should displease atheists and believers alike.
An affecting, gentle, and illuminating portrait of children's spirituality.
And while falling well short of rational proof, the story does raise intriguing questions about the fundamental nature of faith, questions that have puzzled mankind for centuries.
The makers of "Heaven Is for Real'' should have had the faith to let audiences decide whether little Colton is telling the truth about his near-death experience without resorting to the digital equivalent of dry ice.
Heaven Is for Real is by Christians, for Christians, and deliberately, if subtly, antagonistic toward everyone else.
Fumbles for um-when-in-doubt-just-believe answers instead of following through on the hard questions.
Christian films are often criticized for preaching to the choir, but this one intends to make that choir think deeper about what's being preached.

@highlight

Heaven Is for Real boasts a well-written screenplay and a talented cast, but overextends itself with heavy-handed sequences depicting concepts it could have trusted the audience to take on faith.