The recurring act of violence In 'Lawless' is a brass-knuckle punch to the throat. It's not pretty. The movie's not pretty either, but it's an instant gangster classic.
The film has jolts of dread and calculated savagery, and yet it feels prosaic and uninspired.
A stylish, streamlined, and thrilling prohibition era action yarn.
Tom Hardy must just hate being audible.
Hillcoat makes a foray into Virginia's Prohibition-era moonshine country. But the adaptation (by Hillcoat compadre Nick Cave) is a hokey piece of pop history that wearyingly insists upon its own mythos like a comic-book blockbuster.
This fact-based drama succeeds because of its great cast and its strong story of loyalty and brotherhood.
The movie is smart and focused on what it's trying to be.
It's slight and casual to the point of laziness, but it's straight fun, done with knowledge and a laconic pleasure. You could do far worse.
Hillcoat exhausts every gangster cliché he can cram into a would-be epic distilling hooch, cooch and putsch into a diluted Scorsese mash.
If only LAWLESS weren't such a superficial endeavor, these parts would add up to a very entertaining whole. As is, the movie is fun while it lasts but forgettable soon after.
A pumped-up, Hollywood-flavoured neo-Gothic Western delivering knockout performances and raw, corporeal thrills.
An impressive Aussie line-up shines in this tale of Prohibition-era bootleggers.
Lawless features a unique villain and several great supporting actors, but none of them are able to rise above what is pretty standard crime movie material with nothing really new added to the mix.
Lawless is a compellingly nutty and uneven gangster film.
fairly entertaining
Appropriately solemn and violent, yet strangely lifeless. I imagine a better film was lost in the editing room, and will hopefully be found on Blu-ray.
Tale of bootleggers has genre kick
Every time things heat up, the film down-shifts just long enough to keep you from getting too engaged in the characters, some of whom disappear for reels before popping up again.
Just as he did in his adaptation of Cormac McCarthy's The Road, Hillcoat creates a very specific and unnerving sense of place in Lawless.
...[Hillcoat] has an ability to capture violence in a way that breaks through a century of cinematic desensitisation - when someone gets hurt in a John Hillcoat film you feel it.
The strong narrative will keep you interested. The graphic depiction of the violence also gives Lawless a heavy dose of realism.
Director John Hillcoat's terrifically acted prohibition era thriller, inspired by the real-life story of the Bondurant brothers, shows how the American dream starting to go wrong - before it even existed.
Don't expect to be carried along by big action and cliched dialogue, Lawless expects you to do some of the work yourself by immersing yourself in this richly textured world.
The film as a whole is no classic. Between sporadic bursts of very intense violence, there are often drifty, drowsy scenes that struggle to justify their relevance.
This Prohibition-era crime drama boasts bravura performances, unforgettable characters, moments of shocking violence, and enough in-your-face entertainment for three films.
In the climax, Hillcoat brings it all back to where it began: as a folk tale. You could read it as a tale of the triumph of the small businessman.
A powerful story that packs a punch (plus a few stabbings and shootings).
Utterly untroubled by any expectation to entertain - or even mildly engage - the audience, Hillcoat and screenwriter Nick Cave take a stroll through 1930s Virginia with the enthusiasm of beleaguered berry-pickers rather than raucous bootleggers.
The cinematic equivalent of a murder ballad: rambling, violent, and more concerned with style and presentation than meaningful character development. Which sounds like a complaint, but in the case of Lawless, is high praise.
Lawless is by no means a bad film, it's just a recipe with great ingredients that didn't fully deliver.
A sporadically watchable misfire...
As you'd expect from that kind of artistic pedigree, 'Lawless' is a well-oiled production that knows exactly what kind of film it is: a classic revenge tragedy with Tommy-guns and fiddles in the dustbowl South.
John Hillcoat's tale of Prohibition bootleggers boasts excellent performances, but doesn't feel as focused or nuanced as The Proposition (his last collaboration with Cave).
Tom Hardy leads a great ensemble cast in this story of a rural family reaching out for the American dream by giving America what it wanted most in 1931. Booze.
A compelling, authentic eye-popping tale with a worthy and ready cast that forces any of the film's flaws to the back burner.
One of the standout movies of the year, never mind the summer.
Lawless may not entirely live up to the sum of all its celebrated parts but it succeeds in telling a riveting 'true life' historical drama.
... if you can take it, there's good stuff here ...
It offers an anti-romanticized history in which the violence is more brutal, the characters more deplorable, and the vengeance downright Biblical. It's not quite a cartoon, but it comes close.
Seems to have been cut on a tight deadline: Gangster Gary Oldman all but disappears after his Tommy gun-blazing entrance, and Jessica Chastain has little to do as an unlikely refugee-stripper turned Bondurant waitress-mascot.
Like the kickapoo hillbilly brew slow-cooking in one of the Bondurant stills, it packs a punch that may be thrilling to some, but possibly a bit too strong and unsettling for some stomachs.
If you go in expecting full-on action you may be disappointed, but I did enjoy both the action and the slower beats, and for that I'm giving this 4/5 Schmoes.
Bane leading the charge, the movie had a Public Enemies vibe to it. You feel totally immersed in this time and the southern dialect, a tough one to not go overboard on, was pulled off very well by all parties in the film.
However, the most disturbing sight in the whole movie is Guy Pearce's greasy middle parting. His Charlie Rakes is a prancing psychopath; perhaps the most disturbing since the child-catcher in Chitty Chitty Bang Bang.
Lawless is a failure. It is a difficult and infuriating movie to sit through, one that does not reward the audience's patience with anything of substance.
Measured performances from the leading triumvirate of LaBeouf, Hardy and Pearce wet the whistle but there's no long finish.
Between the impressive acting from all involved and the classic cars, clothes and guns on display, the film becomes a loving ode to the era, with magnificent attention to detail
Director John Hillcoat digs into this dirt-brown world of tough times and tougher men with the intensity he brought to Australia's wilderness in The Proposition, drenching it with just as much blood.
... the best Michael Cimino film not directed by Cimino ... a richly appointed family saga that doles out heartland mythology, old-time religion, star-crossed romance and thick, gooey swaths of the red stuff.
Casting and acting here leave nothing to be desired -- to say nothing about rich cinematography and deeply drawn characters seen from dual perspectives.
It's a slow, painterly movie with sudden, sustained outbursts of violence.
An over-the-top indulgence in sadism strictly recommended for folks with a stomach for gangster fare so gruesome as to border on the cartoonish.
Shia got on my nerves in this one.
This is a classier, bloodier version of "Thunder Road" with hot rods, fast chicks, romance, revenge and a war between moonshiners and organized crime hoods.
( .. ) after starting off narrating the story very well indeed, [Shia LaBeouf] ends up mumbling too much. Come again?
A moderately crafted assemblage of violent rural American stereotypes. Falls far short of the high bar set by "The Proposition."
While it isn't the perfect marriage, Lawless blends stylish originality with genre standards into a mixture as potent and explosive as Virginia moonshine.
Hardy is a fierce anti-hero, well matched against the manic, leather-gloved Pearce, but Hillcoat just cannot bring order to the chaos.
Certainly has its moments, yet lacks the tension of a real classic.
For its dramatic simplicity, the film packs a hefty punch, exploring the bonds of trust that are tested to their limit in the face of the law.
An unsatisfying epilogue and unexplained climactic bout of insanity from Pearce's character let the whole thing down.
Mainly, it's just an excuse for a lot of vacuous, macho strutting.
Whereas, for the most part, the film comes across as a competent muddle, it actually becomes full on disastrous when Pearce is on screen.
[It] is thoroughly corrupt in its lip-smacking love of violence and has a script, written by Nick Cave, so transparent it verges on the comic.
You may be laughing out loud at the very moment you're also feeling appalled.
With outstanding production design and one of the best ensembles of the year, John Hillcoat and Nick Cave have given us a deliciously full keg of story and character from which to replenish ourselves.
Lawless is extremely well made, stylish and evocative of the era and it's far from chew-your-knuckles dull. However, its artistic pretensions fail to jazz up what is a very familiar and straightforward story.
A well made, beautifully shot and superbly acted bootlegging drama with a terrific score by screenwriter/composer Nick Cave.
You might have seen such a story before, but you almost certainly haven't been offered it in such engrossing terms.
The film is taglined 'When the law became corrupt, outlaws became heroes', but as a welcomely unheroic picture it rarely threatens to truly take off.
There's a reason nobody's made a motion picture about the Bondurant Boys before now. As ruthless, gun-toting gangs go, they're kind of on the snoozy side.
The plot's layers keep us gripped to a tale in which the police are snarling villains and the criminals are likeable and loyal
The detail in the characters makes each of these people utterly riveting
The mood is like the cinematography: gloomy shades of brown.
It's like bad moonshine. It has some appeal and gets the job done, but it could have been better.
Very watered-down hooch
Exciting and gut-punch powerful...this is a lean, entertaining tale that far surpasses something like Public Enemies in making the style serve the story.
The center of narrative gravity is hard to locate; for whom are we rooting, and does anything really ripple outward from this nasty local fight?
This is a high-proof product, and some of its performances are intoxicating. But the plotting is also rougher than a jar of sourmash.
Stylish and savage, but nothing you haven't seen before.
An uneven mix of impressively executed, violent clichés about good ol' boys defending the American right to flout the law.
The various performances are all of an incredibly high standard, with some perhaps more inspired pieces of casting but others representing actors rising up to a reach a high bar.
With the great cast and interesting subject matter, you expect more than this lackluster movie
This tangy tall tale moonshine noir uncorks on screen as a rare glimpse into the backwoods bootlegging flourishing back then. And an oddly comedic violent yarn, as narratively soaked in its own inebriated juices as the taboo product on tap in question.
This gripping crime drama holds your interest. You need to be prepared for horrific scenes of bloody violence, profane language, nudity & sexuality. La Beouf gives his finest performance to date. Pearce is the perfect foil as the villain. Hardy continues
Weird, gory and über-violent, Lawless is strangely pleasing in pulpy, thoroughly B-movie way, held to the earth by the thinnest thread of gravity provided by its cast's game and exuberant performances.
Uneven yet vividly stylish, filled with brutal bloodshed.
A western-gangster movie hybrid set in 1930s Appalachia that's a welcome return to two old-fashioned, distinctly American modes of filmmaking.
manages to be woefully formulaic and completely off-base at the same time
There's nothing much that distinguishes this wannabe arty film from other mainstream hillbilly bootlegger movies.
Fans of The Proposition will have to settle for sublimely evil performances by Gary Oldman (as a murderous rival) and Guy Pearce (as a government agent) and a large quotient of gut-wrenching violence.
A movie that lingers in the mind with strong images and a great soundtrack.
A wild ride during Prohibition
Sure, the period looks perfect. Too bad the rest of Lawless is so flawed.
Lawless is steeped in testosterone, a story full of wild characters and wilder events, and it's a very satisfying two hours at the movies.
It's a rowdy feature, but one that's masterfully crafted and atmospheric, isolating a time and place with a distinct cinematic spin.
Lawless a Cinematic Crime.
"Lawless" is the intense, bloody, and remarkable reminder that the best films of the year are right around the corner.
Pearce, in gloves and slicked-down hair parted in the middle, is one of the best villains of the year.
Although it slides down easily, there's very little kick to this moonshining picture.
With a dynamite cast, an iconic screenwriter in rocker Nick Cave and an Aussie director in John Hillcoat, you assume a new classic. What you get is an ambitious try.
You can sense the filth, and smell the rust, and feel the ingrained poverty that might well convince a family of survivors (of World War I and the Spanish flu) to make their fortune selling moonshine to their neighbors.
There's something at the movie's heart that remains flimsy and inauthentic, a kid in his older brother's ill-fitting shoes.
...brilliantly made...evocative recreation of the time period and location...outstanding performances by Tom Hardy and Guy Pearce.
Hillcoat ... strives for epic and ends up with clichés.
Much of the action may be nearly as grim as in director John Hillcoat's previous feature, "The Road" - "Lawless" is very bloody - but the scenery and production design are a whole lot nicer.
I spent most of the running time wishing I was home watching Deadwood or Justified instead.
This isn't to say that there's not enough here, but just don't look for it all to add up.
Hillcoat captures the rough-and-tumble of the Bondurants' bootlegging existence, the violence that erupts at the intersection of money and vice, and the thrill of Jack's rise as a hotshot junior mobster.
Lawless fails to lay down the law.
Tough-minded...In recounting "the Great Franklin County Moonshine Conspiracy," Lawless does not lack for local color and local legend.
Lurid and pretentious...pompous drama marred by stunt casting.
Lawless uses it's extreme bloody violence as a character to propel this riveting and emotional story forward. Hardy and Pearce deliver incredibly engaging performances!
It's the tension-filled waiting that makes "Lawless" great.
Lawless is filled with forbidding shadows and verdant abundance, contrasting the indifference of nature with the violence of the humanity within it.
The movie pretty much a win, especially for LaBeouf, since there are no CGI sentient robots swiping all the best lines and no sacred franchises or Walgreens destroyed.
There isn't really any legitimate reason for Lawless not to be a great movie; but it isn't. It's a good movie... but not a great one.
The film's evocative re-creation of its rural setting during the days of Prohibition is a credit to Hillcoat and his team.
Hillcoat's films are atmospheric, lively, unflinching and impeccably shot, and Lawless is no exception.
I can only admire this film's craftsmanship and acting, and regret its failure to rise above them.
Outlaw brothers wage war in violent Prohibition drama.
"Lawless" offers a compelling, gruesome and instructive time-travel exercise.
Lawless pulls the magician's trick of distraction, offering enough superficial entertainment value-with atmospheric use of locations, charismatic actors, and spurts of shocking violence-to divert attention from its faults.
Based on a novel by Dallas-based Matt Bondurant about his family's real-life bootlegging past, it's a violent, brooding portrait of brotherhood in trying times.
Almost unyielding in its stiffness and stuffiness.
At its core, this is a film about men doing violence to men. And they do plenty of it.
The unflinching slicing and dicing is viscerally brutal, but without sufficient character development Lawless simply feels lifeless.
Tom Hardy is as incomprehensible as he is in 'The Dark Knight Rises'
This is a well-made movie that deserves a higher profile than it is being accorded.
Who would have ever guessed that a movie with so many charismatic actors and actresses could ever be so shockingly dull? It's nearly an accomplishment.
Solid action fare that's less cartoonish than your average summer blockbuster.
Ultimately, "Lawless" is just another gangster movie, and not a very good one ...
Hillcoat's bootlegging drama is a solidly told yarn, but it doesn't last any longer in the brain than the blossoming burn of a swig of clear corn liquor would in the chest.
...a straightforward story of a battle of wills between a lawman and a crime family where our sympathies are with the lawbreakers.
With his animalistic grunts, low key approach and later, stitched neckline, Tom Hardy plays Forest like Frankenstein, well meaning and protective but also dangerous and pretty indestructible...
Not much more than a mediocre experience, with momentary flashes of energy and violence that will startle viewers. (Full Content Review for Parents also available)
The action is, overall, as exciting as the primary performances are impressive.
This should've been a really good picture, especially with Hillcoat's crack ensemble. Instead it's a stilted battle waged between the material and the interpreters.
An inescapable sense of "so what?" sets in early with "Lawless," almost as soon as Shia LaBeouf begins his lackluster opening narration.
A steady, though rather lifeless backwoods crime drama.
A story of entrepreneurship, of family, of fighting for one's rights - the right to make white lightning, and money. It's as American as apple pie.
Turns the Virginia hills of the early 1930s into just another backdrop for a clockwork succession of perfunctorily filmed showdowns and shootouts.
"Lawless" is a sprawling story of dirt road bloodlines and stubbornness, solid but a bit out of control.
Historical authenticity and pulp fiction blend nicely in "Lawless," a lush-looking drama full of blazing Tommy guns, fast jalopies, brutish men and delicate women.
At least a third of its two hours is devoted to "arty'' shots of landscapes.
Hillcoat and Cave give us more than an action story. They create a world.
Lawless turns the literary tone of its source novel into something faster, leaner and more populist.
Feels like an account of an isolated incident of no real significance exaggerated by an outsider.
All slicked up but mostly firing blanks, John Hillcoat's Prohibition-era western Lawless looks and sounds great but fails to tell a compelling story.
Lawless is everything that a film haunted by the likes of Faulkner and McCarthy should be: a Southern Gothic masterpiece that treats life and death more like a functional condition than a physical phenomenon.
Hillcoat's ultra-violent drama plays like a hot, sweaty, delusional fever dream and is similarly fitful. It can be visceral and operatic, beautiful and brutal but also slow and overlong.
A character study that puts its focus on its least sympathetic characters.
[Lawless] is both too obvious and not direct enough, and its shapelessness dilutes its power.
Shia LaBeouf plays young Jack Bondurant with more conviction and skill than we have seen before.
The film's climax is a bit of a jumble, but by then Hillcoat has built his world so vibrantly that it hardly matters.
It does not make for appealing, let alone sympathetic, heroes.
The salaciousness might help sell some tickets, but every character could be used better.
Lawless has its moments with a top notch cast, but is not up to par with Hillcoat's previous work.
An enthralling mixture of lyricism and curdled blood, the film is at once heartfelt and wrenching, quietly ominous and literally cutthroat, a western-cum-gangster-saga in a vein both classic and modern.
This is a novel of a film, magnificently observed moments of human nature placed within a complex thematic tapestry... Tom Hardy... is glorious, making tiny gestures and pensive grunts enormously expressive; and Guy Pearce is superb...
Lawless is a beautiful film that's violent as hell, striking in a way only unfiltered Americana could be.
Hardy's an exceptional actor, and LaBeouf has a certain fizzy charisma, but they each twang embarrassingly every time they have a sentence or two to utter, and not even in a way that matches.
The narrative often seems at odds with the director's pictorialism, trudging when it should be striding toward the climax, isolating the performers on their marks when everything depends on taut blood-ties interconnection.
This gorgeously directed feature includes a number of terrific performances and a soundtrack that resonates long after the movie ends.
Shot through with good humor that balances out the blackness, and performances that liven up even rote plots of revenge, Lawless earns its detours and minor missteps, a late-summer surprise with unpredictable power.
It's a film that finds delicate beauty in the image of someone bleeding out in the snow, and turns a drunken, impulsive visit to church service into an overwhelming sensory experience.
Beautifully mounted, but generally so deliberate and moody that the excitement one expects rarely surfaces...except for Pearce, it doesn't deliver the kick one might like.
The fire that stokes the story is violence. Yet despite some gruesome images and the psychotic fervor of Rakes, it's a frustratingly slow boil.
Embarrassingly fails to illuminate real life.
Mr. Hardy mostly grunts, growls and ribbits, occasionally interrupting his angry bullfrog impersonation to deliver down-home bromides that make him sound like Toby Keith choking on a Cheeto.
In Lawless, character wins out amidst the brutal assaults and onslaughts. The Bondurant brothers are outlaws, but they have a strong sense of frontier justice. Just like a good western does.
Inauthentic, a movie pulled together by a lot of folks who had no feel for the setting or the story they were telling.
A perfectly viable (and violent) look at moonshiners during Prohibition with a kick-ass soundtrack.
Gary Oldman is the only actor who really knocks it out. Unfortunately he's only in the film for a few minutes.
What works about Lawless may get audiences buzzed, but they'll never feel thrillingly soused.
Hardy delivers the danger, the guy's an absolute beast. I'd take my chances in a brawl with Bane rather than the brutish Bondurant brother.
I'll recommend 'Lawless' for its gripping violence and batty performances, but not for much else.
[VIDEO ESSAY] "Lawless" never pretends to be anything more than a revved up period-piece gangster movie. If the movie takes a few too many liberties regarding the survivability of its invincible leading characters, the trespass is forgivable.
Lawless may be full of half-hearted overtures toward depth and emotional complexity, but the film's prestige sheen is mostly a sham; the real focus here is the irrepressible lure of bad behavior.
Watch this one, Mayor Bloomberg. If you succeed in prohibiting 32-ounce soda in New York, our city could turn into the Franklin County of 1931.
Bad-ass from start to finish.
It's left to LaBeouf to carry the main weight of the story, and as such your enjoyment of the film will depend on whether you find his brand of wide-eyed earnestness endearing or irritating.
There's no denying it's a one-note film, but what a lovely note it is.
The film's breezy, brutal mix of violence, romance, and redemption feels like nothing new, and Hillcoat never slows down to ponder what any of it means.
A great deal of rowdy, crowd-pleasing fun, and there ain't nothin' wrong with that.
You can't shake the feeling that Hillcoat just should have gone for broke with his florid, bloody drama.
Blue Ridge Mountain veracity aside, the story's got to have more kick than some two-bit swill that even Ma Barker's Ma wouldn't swallow.
There's 'too much rust in the pipes', but it's still a satisfying cocktail of gore and sentimentality. Just don't expect the top shelf hooch.
Hardy's presence is compelling, but the film comes fully alive only when it turns bloody. At those moments, though, it has the kick of a mule.
Intermittently intriguing, wildly uneven.
A thoroughly familiar-but flavorful and rousing-shoot-'em-up set among Prohibition bootleggers.
Never-not-fun junk food enlivened by good actors and a thin ghosting of Hollywood-style "relevancy", but only barely enough actual substance to keep the shoot-em-ups interesting.
It makes for an oddly comfy experience considering the death and hurt at the film's core.
John Hillcoat's brisk, bloody and sharply appointed Prohibition thriller "Lawless" is the most immaculately barbered film in recent memory.
Lawless tries to be flawless; as a movie, it's often listless - lifeless.
Cave and director John Hillcoat work Matt Bondurant's vivid, brutal prose well and, although it won't win anything in Cannes, Lawless is a cut above most mainstream American crime-dramas.
'Lawless' probably isn't going to send anyone to any awards shows this year, but it is a nice indication that Hillcoat can play more than the one note that he's hammered so hard so far in his work.
When you have the chance to see this film in August, pull the damn trigger.
John Hillcoat's latest movie is a well-paced and entertaining story. But if the film will boost Hillcoat's stock as a commercial director, it is lacking in both the poetry that infused The Proposition and The Road.
An artfully crafted film with subtle elegance, a moonshine drenched aesthetic and a set of performances that lift it well beyond many other Prohibition stories.
Star-studded and violent yet empty as a broken whisky bottle.
Hillcoat's stylishly elegant, ultra violent gangster-Western is only sporadically involving, but it's well acted by LaBeouf and Tom Hardy.
Hillcoat's film wins its gasps and gulps honestly, but it doesn't remotely strain against the constraints of genre in the same way as last two equally Western-inflected films, The Proposition and The Road.
Fueled by a brooding sense of dread, visceral bursts of violence, potent atmosphere and some juicy character portraits from a robust cast.
Nothing somehow seems to be at stake for anyone, and the brutality seems to be there simply to underline how tough and real it all is.

@highlight

Grim, bloody, and utterly flawed, Lawless doesn't quite achieve the epic status it strains for, but it's too beautifully filmed and powerfully acted to dismiss.