The surrealism of Solaris, the spatial experimentation of Stalker, the psychological insight of Mirror, these are all visible if not fully developed in Ivan's Childhood.
No one paints a stark landscape like Tarkovsky, but we're not just talking surface beauty; the director shows a rare understanding of the consequences of combat.
The work in which the remarkable nature of [Tarkovsky's] talent first shone through.
[A] subdued depiction of warfare as mostly a lot of waiting around for brief explosive action... The orphan kid - who several times describes himself as 'jittery' - is a more openly shell-shocked version of all the adults around him.
Tarkovsky pays full attention to the squalor and pity of war but never loses his sense of poetry.
Unmissable.
No other director is simultaneously so precise and so otherworldly.
It was the caveat of the profound possibilities of eastern cinema, effectively heralding the discovery of one of the most perceptive minds to ever stand behind a movie camera.
Director Andrei Tarkovsky has mixed daring with poetry in making this film: he shows the Soviet hero as an individual troubled with the doubts and complexities of other humans.
While the emotional weight of Ivan is clear from the first frames -- Tarkovsky doesn't stray from making us feel the pain of Ivan's world -- there is that sense of music the director is so intent on conveying.
Pairing [poetic] images with fragmented characters and Ivan's single-minded desire to get back in the fray, the result is disturbing and affecting.
It feels stylistically as fresh as if it had been made yesterday -- even to some very striking use of handheld camerawork. It's really something of a masterpiece.
The plot is straight out of the grayish, state-approved, thesis-tidy Ballad of a Soldier bin, but the landscapes and visions are Andrei Tarkovsky's and nobody else's
Even in this, his first feature, we see that Andrei Tarkovsky is compelled by memories of precious things.
Much more than a war film about a young boy, My Name Is Ivan is a pure film experience.
Leaves us with a haunting vision of war and what it does to children.
Tarkovsky deviated from the conventional dictums of Socialist realism, providing an unusual combination of psychological realism and a haunting, surrealistic imagery of an adolescent, who was rubbed off his childhood.
Beauty, poetry and sadness are certainly lodged in its brief dramatic span, to be seized and embraced by anybody who will give a compassionate mind to it.
Tarkovsky's most underrated film, simple but riveting.
[A] visually poetic portrait of a 12-year-old Russian orphan during WWII.


@highlight

Ostensibly an atypical Tarkovsky work (less than 100 minutes!), Ivan's Childhood carries the poetry and passion that would characterize the director from here on.