We witness Bukowski warts and all in his worst, in his best, and at his most violent--and we still love him for it.
This thorough documentary is essential for the poet's fans.
there is plenty of conflict to be found in the Bukowski's life and work, yet little of it makes its way into Born into This
[Bukowski] is never seen in less than fighting spirit or formidable form throughout the documentary Bukowski: Born into This.
Loving tribute to an American original
Dullaghan uncovers the human being behind the myth, thanks again to old footage.
Born Into This, its title taken from one of his poems, is a remarkable movie, because, like Crumb or even American Splendor, it adores the very people most of us might ignore if they passed us on the street.
You get to see more of the down side of the man than the genius of his work, it almost falls into that 'too much information' category.
An amazing, worthy journey.
a loving tribute to a writer, his craft and, above all, the idea of living and dying by one's own creed
Provides an overview of Bukowski's work and allows us to gaze into the soul of a man who built a fortress of toughness around his vulnerable core.
The filmmaker knows when to shift the rhythm of his investigation. The authenticity of art is woven with the artifice of life.
Bukowski would be better served by a critical examination of his life, one which gets past the sentimental façade of an artist who played the roué to keep from tasting the bitterness (as Stephen Crane once put it) of his own heart.
Has the right, Bukowskian approach: Just tell it, just show it, no fancy dancing.
Over a period of seven years, Dullaghan interviewed hundreds of people who knew or were affected by Bukowski. The result is both wide-ranging and intimate.
How much was legend, how much was pose, how much was real? I think it was all real, and the documentary suggests as much.
Would do its curmudgeonly subject proud. The film brings Bukowski back to life for a new generation born into this craziness of which Bukowski tried to make sense.
Dullaghan's raw and defining documentary about the man -- and the myth.
A portrait of a sometimes surly, often foulmouthed, always brilliant artist that is at once humane, horrific, hilarious and deeply moving.
It is wide-ranging, it is fair, it is thorough, and although it admires, it is also tough enough to condemn.
A great documentary about a fine writer and horrible human being.
It never gets beneath the skin of Bukowski, who seems much more interested in preserving his pugilist/poet image than in revealing himself.
It reveals Bukowski to be a far grander artist than his bum's armor would suggest.
Hefty two-hour running time and the rough quality of some of the archival clips ... means it's likely to have its strongest effect on viewers who bring an inherent interest in Bukowski and his work with them.
...the next best thing [to Bukowski's autobiographical stories]: an extended Bukowski book-flap bio, complete with grizzled author photo, annotated by a knowledgeable zealot.
Documents the quick-tempered writer's meandering journey from miserable childhood through hardscrabble adulthood to comfy late-life acclaim.
As a thorough examination of what made this boozing, brawling womanizer tick, Born Into This can't be beat.
While his friends and fans provide the factual information about Buk's life, it's the interview with the man himself, and footage from his infamous public readings, that really put the whole picture together.
Without straining, this definitive, deeply engrossing film biography makes a strong case for Charles Bukowski as a major American poet.
A documentary portrait of the late American author and poet Charles Bukowski, showing him as more introspective and emotionally vulnerable than you'd think from his rough-and-tumble writing.
Speaks for the idolaters without apology. Yet it maintains just enough level-headedness to show the darker, not-so-admirable aspects of the Bukowski legend.
Bukowski: Born Into This presents a spunky up-close and personal portrait of a bohemian, cantankerous writer who stayed the course.
The triumph of Born Into This isn't that is makes us understand the man, but rather that it is able to reproduce him so vividly.
Charles Bukowski, the bard of post-war L.A.'s working-class underbelly, was no ordinary cult writer, and John Dullaghan's thorough, compelling doc Bukowski: Born Into This does a credible job of showing why.
Its power springs from the director's shifting between fawning stories from long-time acquaintances and the scraggly, take-it-or-leave-it surliness of Bukowski himself.
[Bukowski's] grumbling, cursing, and hard-working persona remains an inspiration. Admirably, Born Into This does him justice.
'Poet laureate of the gutter,' ranter, sexual boaster, bane of the middle class and lifelong outcast, the writer cultivated a persona that begs for documentary treatment, and he gets a good one in Bukowski: Born Into This.
You come out of the theater wanting to beeline to a bookstore, grab a copy of Post Office or Love Is a Dog From Hell, and adjust your opinion as necessary.
It's to first-time filmmaker John Dullaghan's credit that he offers a portrait of the Southern California poet and novelist that digs beyond Bukowski's hard-drinking, hard-loving persona.
A grueling two hours spent in the company of this one-man argument for the return of Prohibition.
Accomplishes beautifully what it sets out to do, which is to reveal the man behind the crusty, hard-drinking, tough-talking persona Charles Bukowski so artfully crafted.
The more the film labors to canonize the man and his work, the further it gets away from their pungent essence.
Charles Bukowski - who wasn't always particularly pleasant, but who was always pleasantly particular - would have loved this gruff homage.
Dullaghan's thrilling documentary about the life and times of Charles Bukowski is the stuff that legends are made of.
A rare unfolding of the man behind the image.
A fan-boy hagiography of a mean-spirited alcoholic rather than a serious examination of a powerful writer and his writings.
Bukowski is one of my all time favorite writers and now I have an all new respect for the man thanks to John Dullaghan's phenomenal film.


@highlight

A thoroughly engrossing documentary examining the life of talented but troubled writer Charles Bukowski.