Godfrey Cheshire, a highly acclaimed film critic, uses his cinematic smarts and sensibility to good effect in "Moving Midway," his documentary about the relocation of his ancestral home, an antebellum N.C. plantation named Midway.
It is more successful as a study of Dixie social sciences than as a family video diary.
The move is something to behold.
The details behind the actual move are the least interesting part of the film; far more compelling is the "history" of slavery as presented through a polished Hollywood veneer.
The myth of the Southern plantation incorporates and carries on visions of destiny and history, industry and identity.
Cheshire deftly interweaves different interpretations of the antebellum South, through architecture, family memories (black and white), history, and popular culture.
In its 98 minutes, film critic Godfrey Cheshire's documentary Moving Midway records an amazing architectural feat, and that's the least of its virtues.
Quirky yet thoughtful.
What begins as a leave-taking turns into a homecoming that reflects the mixed-race society of the modern south.
Moving Midway isn't a simple-minded brotherhood-of-man tract. The film is spiked with artfully edited excerpts from some of the movies that have shaped American racial attitudes over the years.
Moving Midway tells three stories, each one worthy of a film of its own.
Southern myths rise up, then drop like flies in the enthralling documentary Moving Midway, and all because director Godfrey Cheshire's cousin is moving house. Literally.
The film offers a probing and patient analyses of converging social movements related to everything from the nomination of the country's first black President to how people relate their family's history.
The whole idea of foundation -- as it applies to family, history, and an actual, stately American house -- receives a thoughtful inspection in Moving Midway, the graceful nonfiction film from Godfrey Cheshire.
Godfrey Cheshire's Moving Midway, from his own screenplay, provides a profound meditation on the paradoxes of race in America through a discovery of his own Southern family's hitherto hidden secrets.
An admirable examination of one family's belated attempt to come to grips with, if not atone for, its role in America's original sin.
There is a satisfyingly Faulknerian air of bizarreness about the episode, and the shots of the grand old house being trundled down country roads are amazing.
Tells a fascinating and complicated story of regional identity.
When film critic Godfrey Cheshire decided to make a movie of his own, he found the ideal subject right in his backyard.
An exception to the rule that film critics can't do better than the directors they criticize.
A Herculean saga worthy of Werner Herzog's Fitzcarraldo (or perhaps Les Blank's Burden of Dreams).
Godfrey Cheshire is one of the country's smartest film critics, and here he brilliantly fuses criticism and storytelling.
The historical and the personal converge in Moving Midway, Godfrey Cheshire's analytical and emotive portrait of ancestral roots and antebellum mystique.



@highlight

This strange, heartfelt documentary from film critic Godfrey Cheshire is a fascinating examination of his family roots, as well as an evocative meditation on the complexities of the South.