Virtually everything about this movie feels off, starting with the unconvincing casting of Owen Wilson and Ed Helms as twins
It's difficult to ascertain what's harder to take in this laugh-free comedy: the sentimental bits or the expected dashes of witless crudity.
Father Figures is a swing and a miss, unfortunately. Despite its talented cast, Sher and Malen can't provide them with enough entertaining or cogent material to sell this half-hearted comedy.
... the strengthening of the bond between the brothers as an axis, is poor and predictable. [Full review in Spanish]
...never has a uniform rhythm. [Full Review in Spanish]
... wanders between being a film about brotherly love and an obscene comedy... [Full review in Spanish]
Come back, Daddy's Home 2; all is forgiven!
Offensive, amateurish and should be avoided, then forgotten. Who's the Daddy? Who cares?
A talented cast mostly sink with the ship in a so-called comedy that is desperately dull and uninspired, often feeling like yet another carbon copy of a film we've seen several times before.
Limp jokes, bad chemistry and the least believable onscreen fraternal bond make for a very lacklustre viewing experience.
If you're looking for laughs, look elsewhere.
Wilson and Helms are the right leads for this odd couple tale of friction between a laidback bum and his uptight sibling, but the central conceit (that women enjoying sexual freedom is funny) no longer passes for a joke.
This almost totally fails as a comedy, with broad, unfunny, dumb jokes (such as Wilson and a young boy urinating on each other), though it's marginally better during the goopy, heartwarming parts.
Both unfunny and uninspired.
Lawrence Sher's direction may be no more than workmanlike, but at least he stays out of everyone's way.
...inoffensively entertaining virtually from start to finish.
"Father Figures" completely wastes its comedic cast, especially since it doesn't produce even one hearty laugh.
None of the pieces comfortably fit with any of the ones that sit alongside of them. Worse, it's just didn't make me laugh, and for a holiday comedy that just might be the most unfortunate misstep of them all.
Whatever you call it, first time director Lawrence Sher's film is sometimes funny.
It's not that Father Figures is irredeemably bad. It's that it's so predictable and yet so tonally disjointed.
Father Figures is a baffling film, one that never seems to ever get a handle on what it is or what it wants to be.
The film spends too much time trying to be as meaningful with its comedy as it is raunchy.
It's not "good," or even especially coherent, but it's an easy, relaxed watch worth it for the occasional burst of inspired strangeness.
Long and draggy, with a punishingly slow pace in the first act.
The film, which finished shooting more than two years ago before spending endless months without a release date, is both meandering and bloated, suggesting the Frankensteinian result of brutal test screenings.
If you go to "Father Figures" not expecting too much, just hoping not to be let down, I think you'll have a good time. (Full Content Review for Parents - Violence, Profanity, Sexual Content, etc. - also Available)
Sher (along with screenwriter Justin Malen) can't decide if they want to hold hands with the audience or slap them across the face with lowbrow jokes.
Father Figures is not just painfully anti-charming, it is transparently desperate.
"Father Figures" is what happens when you throw a comedy and the laughs forget to show up.
Distinguished mainly by its overqualified cast and lack of inspiration, "Father Figures" can't decide whether it's a gross-out comedy or an uplifting tale of brotherly love; it embraces the worst of both worlds.
At first [Helms and Wilson] seem incompatible. But their journey through family secrets delivers surprising charm.
Here's a comedy ... that features some very over-the-top moments and comic setups, but director Lawrence Sher constantly downplays or undercuts them.
Wow. This is what comic purgatory must look like.
Director Sher shows no special affinity for comic pacing or enlivening dialogue scenes, so the movie just plods from scene to scene, building no momentum.
Would you like to watch Wilson and a young child urinate on each other in a rest stop bathroom? Thought not.
Who's your daddy? Who cares.
A limply spritzing fountain of unconvincing (and unfunny) tricks out of the how-to-write-a-comedy-hit manual.
The movie torpedoes its sense of comic discovery. It's as if everyone involved can't wait for it all to be over and go home.
A comedy that doesn't go for cheap laughs is commendable. A comedy that doesn't go for any laughs at all is inexplicable.
Moving images were projected, along with recorded sound, which indicates it is a movie, but the effect was so listless, low-energy and profoundly unentertaining that I jotted down in my notes "what even IS this?"
This lightweight comic road movie is unhurried and eager to please. Most of the characters are live-action cartoons, though all of them are treated sympathetically.
Comedian Katt Williams, in a small role as a chipper hitchhiker, injects about 15 minutes worth of fun into Father Figures, an otherwise mostly dreadful road comedy in which Ed Helms and Owen Wilson play twins searching for a man to call dad.
This is a lazy story, wholly dependent upon the likability of its cast which, while considerable, isn't enough to make it worth the trouble.

@highlight

Success has many fathers, but failure is Father Figures .