This is an obvious labor of love for the filmmakers and their collective eye for capturing the beauty, grace and, often, humor of their many dances (with Dom and Fiona) with geometric precision....
For what it is, Tooth Fairy is probably a success; it's not particularly smart or original but it doesn't care to be. That doesn't offer much hope to anyone else.
To call Tooth Fairy a bad film is like calling star Dwayne Johnson a big guy. Both statements are accurate, but neither actually conveys the degree to which they are true.
It has a terrible screenplay and you get the feeling that Johnson could be a much better light comedian than this, given a better chance.
This comedy is essentially a goofy premise with some nutty dialog and set pieces pasted onto it. But it's watchably entertaining, even though the filmmakers miss almost every opportunity for sublime absurdity.
Feels like a relic from the Seventies, but it does have funny moments.
While Johnson's as fun as ever to watch, he struggles with a weak storyline, lame gags and enough syrup to melt your fillings.
Although the film gets over the preposterousness of its own premise early enough, the tooth/truth puns are exhausted to a fault, assumedly aimed at giving adults something to titter at.
Family-friendly schmaltz-by-numbers.
It has the plastic, disinfected aroma of something straight off the assembly line.
Formulaic family entertainment starring a wrestler-turned-actor as a hockey-player-turned-tooth fairy. Visual gags and wackiness ensue.
It's Johnson's committed central performance -- in a movie with a lot of shortcomings -- that only underlines the fact that he's got an awful lot of charisma and screen presence and hasn't yet had a truly great vehicle to channel that talent into.
Truth is, Tooth Fairy is a very decent family film -- cute but never sickly, funny but never smug -- that's an ideal half-term afternoon-killer.
Johnson is an eminently likeable lead and the impressive supporting cast, including Ashley Judd, Julie Andrews and Billy Crystal, makes up for Johnson's lack of acting finesse.
The plot is as predictable as they come but it's the gentle playing that elevates this from formulaic kids' fare to a genuinely enjoyable family yarn.
There isn't a kid alive who could possibly buy into the soulless treacle that serves as sentiment here. Forgettable mush.
Cinemagoers who are feeling a bit long in the tooth will want to excuse themselves from this rehashed 'fish-out-of-water' movie.
Stylish and distinctive, The Time That Remains is worth seeing for its surreal humour but it's difficult to engage with on an emotional level.
Johnson has enough charm to ensure that Tooth Fairy is never less than watchable but it doesn't quite push the emotional buttons the way you want it too and it should have been a lot funnier.
The one element that lifts this above utter tedium is the presence of Stephen Merchant as tooth-fairy administrator Tracy. That he manages to come away with his dignity intact is testament to his skill as a comedian.
Any signs of possible inspiration are ultimately flattened out by forgettable formula.
Uninspired Disney family comedy ...
The presence of such hip guest stars as Billy Crystal and Stephen Merchant can't camouflage the film's formula inspidness, its avaricious product placement or the cynicism of its rote, lip-service tributes to the wonders of 'imagination.'
Hockey enforcer Derek "the Tooth Fairy" Thompson must take on the duties of the real tooth fairy.
No one comes out of Tooth Fairy smelling minty-fresh, but Judd especially is ill-served by a girlfriend role that forces the actress to switch moods every five minutes to suit the plot.
Boy, is this ever tedious. I think it would be tedious for kids, too, even though that's the audience it has in mind.
Is there anything else to say except skip it?
There are 15 magical minutes where you are laughing with the movie. Otherwise, you're laughing at.
The feeling upon walking out of Tooth Fairy closely resembles the notion one often has upon leaving the dentist -- that wasn't nearly as bad as expected.
makes me wonder if an Easter Bunny movie isn't just around the corner
Mostly laugh-free and, uh, toothless.
If someone offers you the choice between seeing Tooth Fairy or getting a root canal, opt for the root canal. It'll be less painful.
[Dwayne Johnson]could have a long career ahead of him, but not if he keeps turning out junk like TOOTH FAIRY.
Flimsy and forced, so keep flossing and wait for the dvd.
Somewhat silly and cheesy, but nonetheless amusing, whimsical and delightfully goofy with inspirational, feel-great messages for everyone young and old to appreciate.
Follows every cliche and family-film formula so painstakingly that each moment is unbelievably boring. Almost from the moment the film starts, you know where it's heading every step of the way.
The Rock's stock has slipped from ex-superstar wrestler and Scorpion King and action-icon heir apparent to donning Dollar Store lace wings and a tutu to play a tooth fairy.
Maybe it's time for Dwayne Johnson to back to his action movie roots ...
CGI fairy dust, dippy tooth puns and a semi-amusing Billy Crystal cameo can't disguise the fact that this sugary distraction is as hollow as a cavity.
Now that Lembeck has tarnished another dear childhood memory, perhaps he can call it a day before he desecrates our image of the Easter Bunny.
...a mediocre but largely inoffensive chapter in Johnson's crusade to charm kids.
Disney likes their formulas, and they've found one with Dwayne Johnson and family flicks. Boring, but true.
Sweet but uninspired fantasy is fine for families.
[U]tterly fails, apparently, to understand what fantasy is in the first place, despite the not unreasonable expectation that at least one half-wit among the half-dozen credited writers might appreciate the concept...
Tooth Fairy has more than enough pratfalls and silly one-liners to amuse kids and their accompanying grown-ups.
Tooth Fairy makes the mistake of having too many anxious hockey players remain on the ice after their shift has ended.
Strictly for 6 year olds, this uninspired, one-joke comedy is full of too many misfired gags and weak comic setups to cross over to anyone whose head reaches above the seat back.
Like most family films nowadays, the movie squanders a lot of energy righteously huffing and puffing its message: let kids dream.
The actors use their considerable skills to salvage the rest, but you'll want to snag some of that shrinking paste to keep your expectations where they belong.
As dental experiences go, Tooth Fairy doesn't hurt as much as you might think.
The marvelously handsome wrestler-turned-actor -- proving once again better than the material he takes -- dons tights and a baby-blue satin tunic in the slight family comedy Tooth Fairy.
The problem is, Derek is not redeemable. Even after he's been to magic fairy land, he continues to behave like a jerk, because that is the natural state of his being.
Oy vey --- whoever dreamt up this ridiculous premise should be taken out and (to use a mobster colloquialism) "whacked".
"Tooth Fairy" is an amiable effort that 10-year-old boys and girls will embrace. It does attempt to appeal to older audiences.
They never elevate Tooth Fairy above bland and predictable, which is a horrifying fact given you have two of the most charming and beloved screen stars of all time in the movie (Julie Andrews and Dwayne "The Rock" Johnson).
Tooth Fairy could have been completely forgettable had it not been for the comic timing of [Stephen] Merchant.
Not even Johnson can quite get the audience over a leadenly predictable subplot
It's one thing to make a disappointingly unfunny family film but it's quite another to make one that's simply this unenjoyable.
You can see all the gags coming a mile away. You could probably write half of the movie now, at your computer, waiting for your lunch hour to roll around.
What can I say, I'm just a sucker for a large, muscular man dressed in a tutu.
It pains me to say that I actually enjoyed watching this film. Yes, it is sappy, cliche and unbelievably predictable but The Rock's character is so likable and funny.
One of the film's charms is the way it carries childhood mythology to its logical, if absurd extreme.
Basically, if you've seen the ads, you've seen the only joke in this one-joke movie, although there are also endless groan-worthy gags about wings and teeth.
Kids won't mind any of The Tooth Fairy's flaws and will find the sight of burly Johnson in a pink tutu hilarious. Parents get a couple of clever gags that will make them forgive the filmmakers. And if we all remember to floss, everybody wins.
Once again, the fun is seeing Johnson playing an arrogant jock who is schooled by just about everyone.
When it doesn't try to be everything to everyone, Tooth Fairy works, more or less. The rest of the time, it is relentlessly inane.
Tooth Fairy is clunky, hideously overlit and bland.
Dwayne Johnson in shiny tights. Dwayne Johnson throwing around magic pixie dust. Dwayne Johnson flying around like a clumsy Tinkerbell. Wait. You're still not laughing?
It's less painful than getting an incisor pulled, but you must be less than four feet tall to truly enjoy this movie.
Maybe the overload of cruddy releases in January has me grasping for any good thing to hold on to, but this is not the absolute worst children's film I've ever seen.
Feels like it was glued together out of construction paper by Miss Lippy while her pre-school class naps.
The motivation for this scenario, obviously, is that someone thought it would be hilarious to see The Rock wearing wings and a tutu. Not that I dispute this, but it's hardly enough to hang a movie on.
And this is for just starting to say the Tooth Fairy doesn't exist. I'd hate to think what the punishment is for Santa-related offenses.
'Dreams are good,' the Rock learns, 'for everyone.' True, maybe, but never more so than for filmmakers armed with a conceit, lots of PG hijinks and a hunger for your wallet.
A work so screeching awful and irritating that it almost makes "Alvin & the Chipmunks: The Squeakquel" seem palatable by comparison.
Parental Content Review
This is probably not quite as dreadful as it could have been but still guarantees much molar-grinding.
A made-by-committee studio product that took five scribes to write what amounts to The Santa Clause 4: The Tooth Fairy Clause. A trip to the dentist for major oral surgery sounds more appetizing than the thought of having to see it again.
Tooth Fairy isn't half bad, outfitted with gently funny high jinks that place its brawny lead in progressively ridiculous circumstances.
A serendipitous combination of star (Dwayne Johnson), material and director (Michael Lembeck), this tale of an arrogant hockey player, forced to serve time in wings and a pastel-colored tutu, scores a goal for kids and adults alike.
A clumsy fable populated with cloying kids and a predictable hold-on-to-your-dreams message.
One can only hope it doesn't serve as a precedent for, let's say, John Cena following up 'The Marine' with a fantasy in which he plays the Easter Bunny.
If you decide to go see "Tooth Fairy," you're going to get pretty much what you deserve, but in the overall scheme of things, there are a few puffs of laughing gas delivered with the anesthesia here.
As you may have guessed, this is purely synthetic, assembly-line stuff, with messages like "Dreams are good for everyone." As a result Johnson overcompensates, amping up his typical enthusiasm until it feels uncharacteristically false.
Although it starts out as a sports comedy, Tooth Fairy quickly turns into a shamelessly derivative fantasy about the value of making things up.
Perhaps the best thing about it is the sight of a hulking Dwayne "The Rock" Johnson in a pink tutu and big feathery wings. Otherwise this silly story and barely there comedy is about as enjoyable as a root canal.
As the title character in The Tooth Fairy, Dwayne "The Rock" Johnson wonders if his pink tutu makes his butt look big. No, Mr. Rock, but I don't think it's doing much for your career.
The Rock can't handle the tooth.
While it's not as low-brow as, say, the recent Alvin and the Chipmunks sequel, it's nothing new and certainly is nothing special.
Hey, how funny would it be to put Dwayne Johnson in ballerina slippers, pink tights, and a tutu? Not very. But here's the movie anyway, scarcely more than the pitch meeting that spawned it.
For a bad, broad comedy, Tooth Fairy boasts a surprising number of positives. Which isn't to say that it's good, but it could be much, much worse.
Another unspectacular family flick from one-time action star Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson
Considering the best thing here is a joke about Billy Crystal letting his freak flag fly, it's painfully apparent there's just no rehabilitating this stinker.
Thanks to Johnson, watching Tooth Fairy isn't as painful as dental surgery, but it's also not an experience you'll want to repeat.
Director Michael Lembeck shows little imagination in what could have been a quirkier, more interesting kids tale. He does direct surprisingly good hockey sequences, though, including an overhead shot of an airborne tooth.
About as bad as it looks, it will continuously test the tolerance and patience of any grown-up trying to endure it for the sake of trying to keep their kids entertained.
deeply unfunny
Your kids may spend 100 minutes enjoying what Tooth Fairy has to offer, but don't be surprised if they immediately request a bath afterwards. The stench of a Dwayne Johnson stinker can be overpowering even to the smallest noses.
Another excruciating film about an unlikable hero who is somehow considered a badass despite making jokes like, 'You can't handle the tooth.'
Johnson's a game and antic presence, but saddled with this material -- credited to five screenwriters, including Lowell Ganz and Babaloo Mandel -- he comes perilously close to tiring out the audience with all the nervous activity and the mugging.
There's no way I can recommend this movie to anyone much beyond the Tooth Fairy Believement Age, but I must testify it's pleasant and inoffensive, although the violence in the hockey games seems out of place.
Tooth Fairy is a strictly by-the-numbers affair, except when Merchant is clowning around. He doesn't make you enjoy the film so much as he makes you wish he acted more. Guess that's something.
It's a step backward for Johnson, a charismatic performer who was much better in Race to Witch Mountain. A few more films like this, and he may be back to professional wrestling.
As Fred Claus ham-fisted as this is, the glint of what might have been a cute kids' comedy still glimmers in random moments. But that Disney touch (which even Disney has trouble replicating) is missing.
The film is directed by Michael Lembeck and penned by six screenwriters without flair or subtlety, while Johnson's performance lives down to his name.
The hilarious thing about Tooth Fairy is that it is a genuinely camp comedy.
For the most part Tooth Fairy is fairly mediocre entertainment.
It's one of those reliable old cast-against-type comic turns that sends the character on a funny, predictable journey of sobering revelation.
Cliched and predictable but goofy crowd-pleaser with a funny supporting cast.
Directed in a very pedestrian fashion by Michael Lembeck, Tooth Fairy makes a few half-hearted tries at summoning the sussed-up fairytale vibe so successfully sustained by Enchanted.
Like oral surgery without laughing gas, the latest family film to star former wrestler Dwayne "The Rock" Johnson is an annoying pain we could all do without.
Dwayne (The Rock) Johnson has a pleasant onscreen presence, but with material as flimsy and humourless as this, he looks ridiculous wearing a pink tutu, tights and oversize wings, sneaking into homes to collect teeth from sleeping children.


@highlight

Dwayne Johnson brings the full force of his charm (and his appropriately pale chompers) to the title role, but flat direction and a committee-written script render The Tooth Fairy unacceptably dull.