Yes, as an Indian critic, I can confirm that Brie Larson's film is unbelievably and insultingly racist.
But Basmati Blues, even if well-intentioned, does not rise above the cliches to find its heart.
A simple American comedy production that tries to present Hollywood audiences with a taste of Indian Bollywood... [Full review in Spanish]
Larson is cute but this is far beneath her talents.
Basmati Blues is the kind of easily forgiven early career move that is best released on home video and forgotten.
"Basmati Blues" is one of those movies that isn't terrible but still leaves you wondering why it exists.
Part hamfisted critique of Big Ag, part strained romantic comedy, and part insipid musical that's not much like the Bollywood tribute it's meant to be. An accidental parody of itself.
A shaky, Bollywood-style musical worth a watch just to see Oscar-winner Brie Larson give it her all.
This attempt at an American-style Bollywood musical is earnest at best and sappy, naïve, and overly sweet at worst; it does have lively moments, but it mainly inspires aggravation and eye-rolling.
Cross-cultural musical romantic comedy stirs together some pleasing ingredients but falls short of its expansive ambitions.
Larson's work in Basmati Blues is much like the film as a whole-not great by any means but undeniably charming nevertheless.
Basmati Blues isn't nearly as bad as some of the online buzz might indicate...and that's actually unfortunate. Instead of vying for a so-bad-it's-entertaining categorization, it falls squarely into the hell of cinematic mediocrity.
Basmati Blues is an inoffensive trifle. It does not warrant outrage; it's not bold enough to risk it. Yet there is some heart, and undoubtedly, some ambition.
Larson's charismatic screen presence can't elevate such woefully lackluster material.
An amiable misfire.
[O]ne might see the movie's clunky story, its forced humor, its awkward editing rhythms, and its garish visuals as intentional parts of the movie's attempted charm.
Basmati Blues only scores so many points for not making its heroine a struggling magazine writer in the Big Apple.
A broadly played though vibrantly photographed musical romantic-comedy that fails to find a happy medium between cute-and-clever and simply cloying.
There's nothing wrong about sending the message of fighting corporate greed but it's through execution of the material that ultimately fails Basmati Blues.
Basmati Blues clearly wants to be a Western take on a Bollywood movie. In reality, it's a "Bollywoof" movie, which is to say, a Bollywood wannabe that's a real dog.
Watching it is something like watching a play's first full dress rehearsal or a gangly baby deer's initial efforts to stand, where it's the effort that's more engaging than the achievement itself.
Ca-Ca Land.
...the dreadful Bollywood meets Wilson Phillips music video nobody asked for and certainly don't need.
The movie starts out heedless in its desire to charm, but it winds up feeling constrained by self-consciousness, and more's the pity.
Danny Baron's film awkwardly melds Bollywood romcom tropes with a half-hearted critique of the GMO industry.

@highlight

Like the genetically modified grain at the center of its story, Basmati Blues is probably best locked in storage and saved for cases of cinematic famine.