Disappointing low-key modern film noir.
Seems to want to make a point but never does.
Again, Nunez proves himself a master of understatement, presenting another poignant, slice-of-life drama peopled with vulnerable, fully fleshed-out characters caught-up in a complex situation.
It's flawed but no less fascinating for its mood of simmering tension on the fringes of the American dream.
There's so much simmering behind the characters that the film seems to get away from Nunez, which is fine. The messy emotions and illogic of human nature defines this drama.
The third entry lacks the subtle power of the previous two efforts.
The talent is still there, the film better than most. It just needs less crime, more love.
Keeps you entertained throughout its two hours, which says a lot about Nunez's storytelling.
A skeeter noir bogged down in the unconvincing pulp of a melodrama without conviction.
Proves that while Ulee's Gold was an exceptional movie, it wasn't a fluke. Nuñez just needs to search past the Panhandle for fresh material.
Despite good performances, this attempt to intertwine a crime thriller with a love triangle never gels...Fans of Ulee's Gold, Ruby in Paradise, and A Flash of Green are likely to feel disappointed by this decidedly lesser effort.
The stuff of pulp, seriously at odds with what the writer-director has always done best. That is, show the inner workings of people, their needs, their fears, their small dreams.
Nunez's fans will appreciate his ability to evoke a palpable atmosphere. But there's just not enough spark in his scorched setting.
Longtime independent writer-director Victor Nunez brings a rare combination of homegrown regional sensibility and genuine filmmaking skills to his low-key stories of small-town life on Florida's gulf coast.
Nunez's multidimensional character development, with fine performances by Olyphant, Brolin, Wynter and Angela Bettis as one of Sonny's old flames, lends weight to the schematic plot points.
[The love triangle] plays more like canned heat than blazing inferno...
It's a heartfelt movie that could have used a zigzaggier undercurrent, though Olyphant, in the sort of role that Paul Newman used to swagger through, has a star's easy command.
As they say, two out of three ain't bad, and we look forward to more winners by Nunez.
Sometimes it's best to leave those old scripts in the trunk, a view borne out by Coastlines,a melodramatic step backward for writer-director Victor Nunez after his last two pictures.
Enough of the ingredients for a sultry downscale noir are in place in Coastlines, that once the film turns perversely goody-good, it leaves you feeling vaguely disgruntled.
Nuñez's idea of the characters' ordinariness translates to flavorlessness, and he lights and shoots his scenes with a high schooler's care, often not even bothering to match up sight lines.
The filmmaker's laconic pacing becomes a hindrance to any intended measure of suspense, just as his dedication to crafting a tangible sense of place comes at the expense of fleshed-out characters and motivation
Integral to the plot of Coastlines is its setting -- indeed articulated in the very title.
Along with a terrific cast, [director] Nunez keeps the action driving forward: dangerous, sexy, and conflicted.
By Nunez's high standards, Coastlines is conventional and outdated, a problematic hybrid of a generic crime melodrama and a more personal tale of a flawed hero who has fallen from grace and needs to restore his inner self (Nunez's specialty).

@highlight

Coastlines features solid lead performances, but is hindered by an unconvincing love triangle and scattered direction. Not up to the standard of Victor Nunez's previous directorial efforts.