The Dukes of Hazzard only works during the chase sequences, and just sits there the rest of the time. There are some moments of inspired visual lunacy, but that's it.
There's really nothing to enjoy here other than a lot of stale dialogue, and a pitiful grab for a franchise.
Good, stupid fun.
If rubber-burning car chases and short shorts are your thing, this is the summer remake for you.
You can't say those involved in the film didn't have fun -- sure looks like they had a blast. Shame is as an audience we can't say the same.
Hillbilly Heaven, if you even want to go there.
The movie goes extra lite on the comic fluff, while doing the usual heavy handed thing when it comes to hayseed caricatures.
This must rank as one of the most hollowly formulaic hot-weather blockbusters ever let out of the can.
Don't bother with this movie. If you're just itching for more Dukes, stick to the original series on DVD.
...you can't say the movie isn't lively, like a big old-fashioned Warner Bros. cartoon.
Jay Chandrasekhar (of the unfunny comedy troupe Broken Lizard) directs without wit or style.
Whether you find all this inane or offensive will probably depend on whether you buy the Dukes' defence of 'never meaning no harm'; either way it's pretty hard going.
The only thing The Dukes of Hazzard has in abundance is hate.
Instead of the promised lighthearted tone of the TV series, the big screen update avails itself of its PG-13 liberties and comes stuffed with a barnful of profanity and enough marijuana references to satisfy even the most stoned out Cheech and Chong fan.
It's got a few laughs and some impressive car chases, but mostly, it's just a puzzling jumble of gags and exhaust fumes.
Não é apenas sem graça; é, também, moralmente ofensivo, sendo povoado por personagens desprezíveis, ignorantes e preconceituosos (o que inclui os 'heróis').
A spirited, high energy romp that is naught but yee-haw nonsense, The Dukes of Hazzard is a rev a second.
[Jessica Simpson] literally couldn't act if her life depended on it - she appears to only be there to provide eye candy and, frankly, she's not all that attractive in the first place.
It's either hell being a hillbilly or a hell of a lot of fun being a hillbilly. Here, it's hell.
Comes reasonably close to [being] finger-licking good.
Certainly not the worst of the endless stream of TV remakes, but given the unassuming, easy charm of the original, still wide of the mark by a country mile.
After about 20 minutes, you’ll start wondering just how many times we’re going to see our two moronic leads doing handbrake turns and going “whoooo-hooo”. I counted at least 30.
It's a film made specifically and entirely for the purpose of extracting money out of unsuspecting customers' wallets, all marketing plan and no artistic vision.
Seems to take pride in being as loud, obnoxious and moronic as humanly possible.
One big, uninspired failure.
The Dukes of Hazzard better have a big opening weekend. Once the Dukes remake hits thousands of movie screens, it's got to win its own race.
The Dukes Of Hazzard is a movie that makes you feel unclean as a result of having seen it.
.
Satire by satirists who just don't get it -- approaching the silly outlaw charm (which satirized itself in the TV show) with the subtlety of an F5 tornado in a trailer park.
Mental garbage, a picture that's so foul we question its reason for existing.
One Broken Down Lizard
Basically it's like a rural South edition of Jackass. But not as funny.
Stupid, meandering, generally unfunny attempt.
I've seen enough car wrecks this year, and while this one doesn't take the cake it's still nothing more than a junkyard distraction blindly driving nowhere.
Like being stuck in the middle of a NASCAR race...without a car.
If this is how Bo and Luke translate to the big screen, I'd hate to see the movie versions of Coy and Vance.
dumb, mindless filmmaking at its most mediocre. But so was the TV show.
I could barely make out a word of the 'dialogue' them there Duke boys kept a-hollerin' over the roar of the General Lee and their movie's soundtrack of ineptly edited swamp rock.
As H.L. Mencken said, "No one ever went broke underestimating the taste of the American public."
Fan[s] of the ... TV series ... [will] likely want to see this just to find out if it's a travesty ... [Others, however] will surely wonder what they're doing watching this movie.
Forget the drill core, the Dukes should have had Willie Nelson's blood analyzed, because every time that guy has a blood test science adds a new element to the periodic table.
Folks from this side of the Mason-Dixon line may be more forgiving of this sometimes fun, if often mindless, bit of entertainment.
Even as a non-fan of the series, I am fairly certain that the original was never quite as low as this obnoxious celebration of stupidity.
... a barely-entertaining light action adventure with glimpses of the fun that could have been had.
A coupla times this here's kinda funny. But the rest of the time it's dadburn dumb
The Dukes of Hazzard is a movie in the sense that it is composed of recorded events, gets projected on a screen, and can be viewed as a continuum.
This movie is hazardous to your entertainment health
I hated this movie. It represents everything that's wrong with the studio system.
Movie-goers would be better off spending their movie ticket money on the DVD box set of the television series.
A raunchy Hazzard. Lame-brained but unpretentious fun.
Sure, it's simple but for a longtime Dukes of Hazzard fan, it's a funny and nostalgic dose of Southern comfort.
The biggest hurdle for The Dukes of Hazzard is that the humor is extremely hit-or-miss.
There's just not much going on in these 106 minutes of ain't-it-cool quasi-nostalgia.
After the first chase scene, it's obvious that Scott and Knoxville don't have enough charisma to carry the film, or to even make anarchic destruction and evading the law into something if not sexy at least endearing.
Who can forget Jessica Simpson? You will, if you're lucky.
Car crashes!!! Wowzers! Then we get to see Daisy in a bikini in order to sexually harass the cops. How cute!!!
Bringing this hit TV show to the big screen must have seemed like a good idea at the time. Too bad it didn't work out.
Should be called Dukes of Hazardous to your health if you're forced to watch it.
The Dukes of Hazzard does such a textbook job of pandering to Bubba Q. Public that it ought to run for political office.
Like most movies based on old television shows, Dukes is all concept, with a few jokes written into its crevices.
With a hideously fake tan and an eerie smile, Simpson recites her lines with a chipper hollowness that makes it seem like she has just barely memorized them.
So loud, so long, so dumb.
You can't blame the millions who will fantasize about Gen. Sherman burning the movie's negative, but when it comes to the home market, this will be a good one for its target audience to pass out to.
The film's ambitions are so low that it's hard to imagine how it fell short of them.
Delivering exactly what it promises -- car chasing, girl gazing and yee-hawing -- it takes the high road to low art by remaining faithful to the TV series that spawned it.
The Dukes of Hazzard is just plain awful.
The good-ol'-boy humor mostly is dated and redundant, the low-tech car stunts are unlikely to thrill today's jaded audiences and the plot -- the Dukes saving the county from being turned into an open-pit mine -- is a yawner.
In stiff competition for the lamest thing ever put on celluloid.
Haws follow hees as hayseeds rip around in fast cars, churning dust and making faces very close to the camera.
Great it ain't, but it entertains for stretches.
Even by the lax standards of TV show adaptations, though, this one is a disappointment.
The Dukes of Hazzard feels like Hollywood's last idea, a wan desperate wave of red meat redneck humor marketed to red state America.
A lunch box in cinematic form: another half-assed excuse to slap a label on something and shill it to the crowd.
Witless film.
For a movie that posits itself as a celebration of rebel excess, Dukes is pretty tame.
Why fans of the series would pay good money to see something they can see free in TV reruns escapes me.
There's no reason for these good ol' boys to be in a movie this bad.
A series of rowdy antics instead of a sustained storyline, The Dukes of Hazzard is all about the car.
[An] episodic, cartoony romp.
Mindless piffle.
Park your brain in the garage, shift gears into stupid and put the pedal to the metal. Then maybe, just maybe, you might find some funny moments in The Dukes Of Hazzard.
In lieu of a movie, we get a series of car chases rudely interrupted by the occasional smattering of dialogue.
Amazing. Incredible. Unbelievable. Astonishing. Painful. All these words come to mind in just the first 10 minutes of viewing this film, none of them in a good way.
Fans of the television show will find a lot to like here. So will fans of the Broken Lizard comedy troupe.
Purports to be a remake of a TV show but is more accurately a remake of Jessica's vapid modeling career.
In the age of media immediacy, well-connected computer systems and helicopter pursuits -- to say nothing of the same watchful government that spawned the Patriot Act -- all this seems nonsensical.
The storyline is so dumb and predictable it wouldn't have even made the grade for an episode of the original TV series.
Broken Lizard's biggest mistake is to update this story to the present.
Flatter than a two-lane blacktop, the movie is awfully unfunny, which it compensates for by being awfully loud.
Bo and Luke are played by Scott and Knoxville with a backwoods brio that makes Ma and Pa Kettle look like Alfred Lunt and Lynn Fontanne.
... neither the frantic slapstick nor the we-don't- know-what- to-do-so- let's-have- another-car-chase sequences alter the movie's gear-grinding desperation.
...intentionally mindless and as reckless as an open moonshine jug left on a steaming heater...shamelessly uneven and not very smart about its heralded idiocy
Broken Lizard ... brings a subversive streak that sneaks some genuine humor into what would otherwise be an assembly-line collection of car chases and frat-boy ogling.
At one point in the film, Scott turns to Knoxville and says, 'There's a lot of smart people out there.' With The Dukes of Hazzard, Warner Bros. is apparently banking on the opposite to be true.
Meanders from one overblown action sequence to the next, without bringing along for the ride the goofy charm of the show on which it's based.
Half the jokes land on the screen like dead armadillos.
Not even a sexy, toned and blossomed blond can distract from the vapid ugliness that is The Dukes of Hazzard.
Has some of the same fratty energy as Wedding Crashers.
Hard to imagine a movie more mind-numbingly pointless and instantly forgettable.
The Dukes of Hazzard is a cheap, greasy time at the multiplex.
The Dukes of Hazzard aims awfully low.
There's a stink coming off the big-screen Dukes of Hazzard that even fans of the TV series (1979 to 1985) won't be able to shake out of their nostrils.
can't decide whether it's saluting the series or spoofing it. ...the yee-haws start to give way to yawns...
It's not intolerable or offensive so much as it is just plain stupid.
This foolhardy Hazzard upgrade may be appealing to its TV fans. Or it could just remind you how ridiculous it was the show ran for six seasons in the first place.
'When I sit down, I say, When shall I arise and the Dukes be gone? And I am full of tossings to and fro unto the ending of the movie.'--not Job 7:4
Will the boys fall into Boss Hogg's trap? How will they get past the roadblock?
Over here, Dukes. Park the General Lee in the weeds between the big-screen Beverly Hillbillies jalopy and the McHale's Navy PT-73.
When a movie's misogyny is battling its racism for screen time, you know the project is in trouble.
Escapist entertainment, but little else.
It boasts a few good laughs, a few cool action sequences and a few gratuitous eye candy shots that will have Nick Lachey punching holes in a wall.
This isn't the Hazzard County I remember.
Two dudes and a cool car isn't a lot to base a TV show (much less a movie) on, and it's no more substantial here.
For some reason people in Massachusetts are supposed to be ashamed of being educated, but the people of Georgia are to be proud of their rural morons.
Bo and Luke Duke were better off when they were replaced by two other unknown cousins for a season than they are being played by Seann William Scott and Johnny Knoxville.
Considering how funny it could have been -- either as a faithful big-screen adaptation or as a winking parody -- this sloppy mix of both styles is a disappointment.
I really didn't mind Dukes of Hazzard. It's just a whole movie of almost getting somewhere but staying a little bit behind.
Injecting enough solid laughs and car chases to make Dukes precisely what it is - an uncomplicated Friday night distraction.
Anyone who doesn't love the Dukes and their repetitive adventures won't find much of interest, and anyone who does is better off watching old episodes on CMT.
The remake truly represents the most evil of Hollywood ideals, and tarnishes a south-of-the-border television treat that is still standing over 25 years later.
There were two big boobs I wanted to see in this movie, and they weren't Johnny Knoxville and Seann William Scott.
a gigantic disaster
It's a negation of cinema. You would actually become a better, more complete person by not watching it.
It's simple, kinda crass and more fun than jumping into the creek while Daisy is skinny dipping.
It all backfires worse than the General Lee before a tune-up by Cooter.
This is one unusual case in which aiming for a middling C grade turns out to be A-plus work.
Features low-rent humor and high-speed chases.
A decent-enough rambunctious Southern-drive-in sort of time-waster.
The Dukes of Hazzard is the latest evidence that, for Hollywood studios at least, there can never be too much of a mediocre thing.
Motorheads who want nothing more than a handful of chase sequences may enjoy The Dukes of Hazzard, but everyone else should observe the cautionary yellow flag.
A movie about absolutely nothing (eat your heart out, Seinfeld), based on a show made when your target audience wasn't even born yet. And they say Hollywood is running out of ideas.
The film is marginal for what it is -- a takeoff on a farce. There are only so many layers of sendup until the movie simply spins in the mud, kicking up gravel but going nowhere.
Stupid enough to make Smokey and the Bandit Part 3 and Cannonball Run 2 suddenly seem like paragons of wit and high comedy.
With no plot, character or dialogue worth experiencing, let alone remembering, the film merely occupies space on the screen and hopes for the best.
The plot involves the boys' attempt to thwart Hogg's secret plan to turn Hazzard County into an open coal mine, but it's really just an excuse for endless car chases.
A black hole of a movie without anything original to do or interesting to say. That it isn't outright terrible only makes its utter pointlessness all the more glaring.
Remember: friends don't let friends go to The Dukes of Hazzard sober.
Big dumb fun. You can actually feel yourself getting stupider while watching it- but it's such a sunny, upbeat, eager-to-please movie, the silliness becomes infectious.
It's dumb as rocks and thoroughly unnecessary.
Straight viewing could result in brain damage.
A weird, moonshine-and- marijuana-fueled yee-haw fest based on the '80s TV show.
It's as dumb as a bag of hammers and as cheesy as, well, macaroni and cheese. But it's a movie that knows how inconsequential it is at the outset and doesn't care much whether you can party with it or not.
As a salvo in the culture wars, Dukes of Hazzard is a dud, and as an actual movie it doesn't rate much higher.
It's every bit as bad as you thought it'd be. Only worse.
A lame-brained, outdated wheeze.
...offers the same nostalgia value as using the theme song as your ring tone.
The Balladeer always sang that the mountain might get the Duke boys someday. With this movie, they crash the General Lee into it and explode.
A lapdance, a fifth of cheap whiskey, and a lube job would offer the same elements and be a hell of a lot more fun.
Bound to make you smile, even if you do feel guilty about it afterwards.
Even as the film tediously tends to its arbitrary plot, Chandrasekhar displays almost oneiric reverence for the iconography of the TV show.
Heck, suck the exhaust fumes from a 1969 orange Dodge Charger. But whatever you do, no matter how big a fan you were of the show, do yourself a favor by skipping the movie.
Super Troopers, Club Dread, and now this. Chandrasekhar cannot be stopped.
Crass and obnoxious where the show was affable and even rather sweet-natured.
A comedy that knows just how smart to be about just how dumb it is.
B-movie pabulum within an A-level marketing plan.
Burt Reynolds fired his agent after Boogie Nights. If he has a lick of sense in his head, he'll kill his agent after Dukes of Hazzard.
Too much blah-blah, not enough 'Yeeehawww!'
"The Dukes" are back... and the film happily hits the right balance between stupid and fun: you know, everything we loved about the television show.
Assuming that someone was determined to remake this mediocre but iconic TV show, this is probably as good as it's going to get.
Herbie for adults.
Prepare to witness an amazing feat of filmmaking: Shocked and delighted will you be to see real Hollywood actors and real musicians outperformed by your favorite inanimate objects!
Simpson recites her lines as though English were a language with which she is completely unfamiliar
Filming Jessica Simpson's *** is easy, but the car was always the real selling point of the show and it's no different here.
Nowhere to be found here is any of the goofy charm of the original.





@highlight

A dumb, goofy, and vacuous adaptation of a TV show where plot is simply an excuse to string together the car chases.