It is such an extraordinary revelation, a breathtaking and acutely observed meditation on the intricacies of Victorian life, complete with a tour de force by Timothy Spall as the painter JMW Turner.
All in all, the  150-minute Mr. Turner is an impressive accomplishment, laudable for the way it uses the figure of a single artist to explore both art and cinema.
Apart from the fantastic characterizations and top-notch cinematography, the real beauty of Turner's vision was his ability to find beauty in the seemingly ordinary.
The resulting portrait, with all its mystery and theater, is utterly fascinating and emotionally expansive, as only Mike Leigh films are.
To call Mr. Turner one of the year's most overrated films seems unfair, as it's worth watching for beautiful cinematography and a plethora of gentle laughs.
Leigh's camera searches this world through slow and ponderous movements, every gesture by an actor as carefully calculated as the forceful actions Turner throws onto his canvases.
J.M.W. Turner might well be the role Spall is forever linked to, like Sir Ben Kingsley and Gandhi. It is a virtuoso performance, but it is also great fun.
It is by turns funny, tragic and savage, but the strongest sense both leave us with is one of wistful mourning. It's not easy being an artist.
It is both off-putting and amusingly fascinating to watch the portrayal of the past 20 years or so of Turner's life, as a man who changed the perception of landscape artistry.
It's certainly not a bad film, but aside from Spall's performance and the cinematography, this is one of [Leigh's] lesser works.
Thanks to Spall's marvelous, gruntingly animalistic performance, Pope's eye, and Leigh's deep methodology, Mr. Turner gives us an immersion if not an understanding of the gnomic artist.
Another finely reenacted if longwinded history lesson from director Mike Leigh.
"Mr. Turner" painstakingly paints such a detailed portrait that those with enough patience to hang in there will be able to appreciate the complete picture and the filmmaker's craftsmanship.
You have to work to follow the narrative but Leigh's interest isn't on what he did when. It's all about how and why he paints.
Imaginative and richly detailed 19th century period biopic on the last 25 years of the revered English artist Joseph Mallord William Turner.
I was mesmerized by Mr. Turner, the man and the movie. Though the running time is 150 minutes, I would happily have stayed for another hour.
[Leigh and] cinematographer Dick Pope beautifully recreate the fog-smeared landscapes and hazy colors of Turner's paintings, and the effect is like watching J.M.W. Turner stomp and growl and sketch his way through the contours of his own imagination.
...a tremendous and problematic movie that ultimately rings with intelligence, sadness and a kind of validating generosity toward human foible.
Writer-director Mike Leigh renders an intimately detailed portrait of the artist and Timothy Spall portrays Mr. Turner in brilliant strokes.
Beautifully shot and acted, it's one of Leigh's more enjoyable and accessible recent films, one that will appeal to more than the arthouse crowd normally drawn to his films.
Like it's subject, the film has an irascible charm. Leigh strips away the myth of the vaunted artist; the highly evolved being with special knowledge. He also avoids the clichés that come with portraying an artist of Turner's stature.
Unlike a conventional biopic like "The Imitation Game" that attempts to draw clear cause-and-effect between one event and the next, Leigh refuses to explain or judge his subject. The "Mr." in title suggests the respectful distance he keeps.
[Leigh's] refracted camera lens casts a light on the period as gorgeous and evocative -- and occasionally as repellent -- as the light laid down on Turner's grand canvasses.
The lack of a normal story structure will baffle and even bore some viewers. But I highly recommend trying it. If you can tap into its vibe, it's amazing.
Some of Dick Pope's unique shots are beautiful enough to elicit awe and admiration, which makes this picture a perfect match between subject matter (artist) and presentation (artful).
Turner's great oils and watercolors... seem indistinct at first but consist of a wealth of details that eventually merge into a clear picture. Leigh's movie does the same, building a full portrait from a series of vignettes.
Leigh is as interested as Turner in the elusive, the evocative and the essential.
Leigh strings together scenes that are alternately funny, sad, bitter and baffling, sometimes all at the same time.
Portrait of the artist as a troll
Mr. Turner, for better or worse, is a film that stays with you.
Anyone who knows Leigh's method wouldn't be surprised that Mr. Turner is more of an intuitive collage than a faithful dramatization of reality. It's a fascinating, mostly plotless examination of one man's tortured artistic process.
Mike Leigh's biopic is so richly detailed that it feels like a documentary. Spall goes for broke in the outsize title role.
Portrait of the artist: He grunts, he groans, he gropes.
There is little in the way of narrative eventfulness in the film, but Leigh luxuriates in the moments, and provides glimpses of what it takes to be an artist amid the fray.
Mr. Turner is an absolutely luminous film.
The late life of English painter J.M.W. Turner is brilliantly reimagined by Leigh and his versatile star, Spall.
Rex Reed, who called Melissa McCarthy a "hippo" in his review of Identity Thief, has done it again, stating that Mr. Turner's star is "too repulsive to watch for 150 minutes." Reed's remarks are totally uncalled for. His dismissal, however, would not be.
At 150 minutes, it's a little too long but there are stretches during its course when it captivates and amazes.
He is the Man Who Watches.
Mr. Turner provides a gorgeously detailed world for a flawed, magnetic leading man.
You leave "Mr. Turner," as with all good fact-based films, wanting to know more about this man and his work - and remembering that beautiful, almost touchable light, on the canvas and on the screen.
The brilliant Timothy Spall puts in a career-topping lead performance in director Mike Leigh's unhurried, largely plotless, strangely mesmeric portrait of British artist Joseph Turner.
For modern moviegoers, the earthy "Mr. Turner" may seem like slowly steeped tea with an unpleasant aftertaste. But while some are impatiently waiting for the paint to dry, astute viewers will see a cinematic landscape bloom.
Director Mike Leigh and actor Timothy Spall paint their own masterpiece.
If the past is a foreign country, then "Mr. Turner" is one of the most rhapsodic foreign films you may ever see.
You really need to work to find Turner's redeeming qualities. But somehow Spall finds them in a performance that is rooted in subtle brilliance.
Timothy Spall inhabits the role so completely he disappears within in it, a trick of the light.
Revives an era in astonishing, delicate detail, then moves through the space with a documentarian's eye. Leigh takes Turner out of art history and puts him back in the world.
Mr. Turner is no barrel of laughs. It's a barrel of life - an extraordinary one.
Leigh's method is to grant actors great latitude to invent their own characters. I wonder if his deference to their contributions might interfere with judicious editing.
It's exquisitely put together, and Spall sucks the marrow out of the role, playing Turner as inquisitive and impetuous, comfortable in the Royal Academy of Arts or a brothel.
Mr. Turner isn't just pretty; it's museum-ready masterpiece gorgeous.
Mr. Turner, like just about all movies made by Mike Leigh, creates the sensation of being in a vividly realized mini-universe built from the ground up.
An inspired film, a beautiful exploration of art and creation and difficulty, with Spall's brilliant performance at its center.
One of the finest films about an artist ever made, fashioned by a filmmaker who's a notable artist himself.
A towering film. Leigh revels in the physicality of this long gone era. But between the lines, he provides a lesson in keeping the soul guarded and seeking what endures.
Takes you on a bit of a meander, but you'll find by the end that you've arrived somewhere.
Biopic of famous painter is well-acted but slow moving.
...contrasts beautiful art with ugly humanity.
The best kind of period biopic, that transports the viewer into its world and right beside its subject.
Leigh's film, as ever, is a spirited, intimate and funny character study, an artist biopic that avoids the trap of mythologising its subject.
Timothy Spall gives an admirably warty and unpleasant performance as Turner, an arrogant and uncompromising man who's annoyed by his celebrity in Britain but shocked when the public turns against his work.
A gorgeous, important film.
Failure isn't only the province of the lazy and uninspired. No, even the gifted and conscientious must occasionally take a stroll through that blasted landscape, and with Mr. Turner Leigh does it, for 2 1/2 hours. Don't go with him.
Epic in breadth and length (2 1/2 hours), and gorgeously photographed (digitally) by Bill Pope, Mr. Turner is intimate in incident.
Mr. Turner clocks in at a full two and a half hours, but the pacing is such that we never feel it drag.
Bailey's Mrs. Booth chirpily complements the cantankerous Turner, while Atkinson's Hannah conveys a sadness and longing that earn her the final close-up from the movie's humanist director.
Every scene in the film crackles with Mike Leigh's instinct for dramatic comedy and layered theme, but Mr Turner is also startlingly beautiful to behold.
Leigh's process once again yields a compassionate narrative in which subtle glances and asides tell the story as much as the plot itself.
Leigh's world-building is immaculate: abetted by Suzy Davies' extraordinary production design, Mr. Turner subtly constructs environments that evoke what Turner sees, tonally and spatially, that those around him cannot.
This focus expands the film, so it is not only about one artist, but also about artistic process, its adversities and frustrations as much as its revelations and rewards.
If you're a patient film buff who relishes the idea of a low-key yet consistently compelling cinematic biography that's in no real hurry to get anywhere, there's a whole lot to admire about Mr. Turner.
As Mr Turner finds the humanity within the harshness of a life of winding down and of an extraordinary talent housed within a complex man, Leigh and his collaborators on-screen and off turn the corresponding account into its own masterly work.
Spall grabs the role with gusto, grunting, snorting and waddling, top hatted, umbrella in hand, reminiscent of Danny deVito's Penguin in Batman Returns.
As is usual with any Mike Leigh film -- a style unique and trademarked by now -- his ensemble is a collection of remarkably adept actors who know their characters so well they could stay in character for weeks, continually improvising, as they often do.
There's great value not only in the uncompromising, anti-sentimental central performance, but in Leigh and cinematographer Dick Pope's impressively disciplined lensing, which shows us what Turner saw without slavishly trying to evoke his canvasses.
Never thrilling but always intriguing, the film is a highly personal portrait of an artist that itself becomes a work of art worthy of preservation.
The director's best film since 1999's Topsy-Turvy.
To use a word often associated with Turner and his art, it's sublime.
It may be art, but it's not entertainment.
Leigh's screenplay is devoid of meaningless banter, but brimming with consequential glances and purposeful dialogue. One of the best-written, and most handsomely filmed movies this year.
To hold audience interest for 150 minutes with virtually no action sequences speaks volumes.
Leigh always brings the pain, but such bulging agony is throttled for this bio-pic, which largely avoids melodrama to cut into the man and feel around for what remains of his soul.
Mr. Turner manages to illuminate that nexus between biography and art with elegant understatement.
It's actor Timothy Spall who brings what could have been a two-dimensional caricature to life.
[Mr. Turner] manages to get inside the head and heart of an artist, details what made him such a distinctive figure in art history, and gives film lovers a chance to stare at some of the most beautiful cinematography of 2014.
The gap between the celestial art of the great English romantic painter Joseph Mallord William Turner and the brutish details of his life is vividly explored in Mike Leigh's tragicomic movie Mr. Turner.
A vacuous endurance test about an abstract loser.
The film itself is rich with spirit and possessed of a dry humour, if not overly concerned about representing the world as Turner saw it. Spall makes a man who tried to give little away hugely expressive.
Like Turner's own paintings, [Spall] creates a series of impressions that, when seen from the right angle, create an astounding vision. It is truly remarkable, and it is unlikely that you'll see its kind again.
I can't say enough about the power of Spall's performance.
Keen observer Mike Leigh brings his hawk's eye to a vibrant rendering of J.M.W. Turner, the celebrated British "painter of light."
"Mr. Turner" is a rich portrait of England at a particularly scabrous period.
... one of the most memorable and intriguing films I've seen in a long time. Mike Leigh should be congratulated for the creativity and artistry of this film.
Despite his own failings and faults, Leigh and Spall's Turner is a man consumed by the search for truth and beauty, even in the midst of the less than pretty truths of his times.
Without a speck of pomposity Leigh's film - one of the year's best - honors its subject in all his tetchy ambiguity.
Erudite and exquisite, it exudes color and exacting visuals....
The film looks and feels like a Turner painting, thanks to Leigh's collaboration with cinematographer Dick Pope, capturing the immense beauty that so transfixed this man.
Dick Pope's digital cinematography, akin to the canvases themselves, is luminous, magisterial and expressive of all that Turner's rebuffs and grunts do not bother to express.
A vivid grumble.
"Mr. Turner" is a rich, ruthless and profoundly compassionate study of life and love and art, for those who find themselves on its wavelength, but it also presents itself as a challenge.
Timothy Spall mesmerises, proving the artist is beautiful and monstrous.
With his Cannes winner for Best Actor (Timothy Spall, "All or Nothing") and Technical Achievement (cinematographer Dick Pope, "Another Year"), writer/director Mike Leigh ("Topsy-Turvy," "Another Year") has created one of the great films about an artist.
Mike Leigh here conducts his most captivating character study since Naked.
Timothy Spall grunts, gurgles and sputters playing J. M. W. Turner in Mike Leigh's magnificent biopic. The round-faced British character actor continues to seize awards for his crass-yet-compelling portrait of an artist as a wheezy old lout.
The evocation of time and place in "Mr. Turner," transports us to 19th century England in such a convincing way, we're never aware of the effort... Spall is astonishing.
As fresh and lively as one of its subject's oil seascapes.
Spall may make a grotesque of Turner - piggish, rutting, whoring - but he finds such incandescence in the world around him. And director Mike Leigh lets you see that incandescence as Turner saw it: Everywhere.
For those who don't mind taking an extended look at a masterpiece and the human hand behind it, Mr. Turner may well reframe your relationship to light itself.
It's a painfully uneven movie, but its best moments are ravishingly good.
Filmmaker Mike Leigh's biography of the landscape painter J.M.W. Turner is what critics call "austere"-which means it's slow and grim and deliberately hard to love-yet it's fascinating, and the performances and photography are outstanding.
Rather than pure nostalgia, this movie feels like time traveling.
With his incomparable Mr. Turner, Mike Leigh continues to make other directors look simpleminded.
The sprawling, loosely structured 2 1/2 hour drama has some of the year's most stunning visuals, many of which appear as artfully composed scenes in Turner's work.
As per usual, the method of Leigh's screenplay is relaxed ... but the aim and details are precise.
If Mr. Turner sometimes slips out of gear and refuses to make sense in the pursuit of its character, that's only because its subject did the same in the pursuit of his art.
Any expectations of reverential biography are quickly dispelled by Mr. Leigh's sharp, scintillating script and Mr. Spall's uncanny daring.
J.M.W. Turner, arguably the greatest of British painters, was an uncommonly difficult man, and "Mr. Turner," the exceptional film Mike Leigh has made about him, does not do things the easy way either.
Writing about Mr. Turner a few weeks after seeing it, I feel a craving to be again immersed in its world, which is rich with colors, textures, and, it sometimes almost seems, smells ...
"Mr. Turner" is a mighty work of critical imagination, a loving, unsentimental portrait of a rare creative soul.
Leigh shows us the world as Turner sees it-harsh and ravishing. His beauty of a movie touches the heart not by sentimental gush but by the amplitude of its art.​
It's not a pretty portrait of the artist. But it is a real one.
A portrait of the artist as visionary oddball, for whom life was an endless source of both beauty and the irritating distractions blocking his view of said beauty.
Unusually, a long running time is a positive factor here, especially as Turner's painting style begins to change radically in sync with his advancing age.
Above all, Leigh's generous approach to capturing the fullness of Turner's life, through unhurried rhythms and scenes, makes Mr. Turner memorable.
Leigh and lead Timothy Spall make full use of their canvas, creating a sprawling portrayal of a wonderfully messy personality.
Leigh and Pope simply let Turner exist in the landscapes he's trying to capture, creating the cinematic equivalent of Turner's panoramic washes.
Timothy Spall etches an indelible portrait of the great painter, aided by a marvelous supporting cast who make the period spring alive.
This is a stunning encapsulation of a life, effortlessly hitting upon universal themes of creativity, mortality, love and our lasting worth on a planet that will keep spinning long after we're gone.
This is less your standard-issue biopic than a foray into the mystery of human feeling.
It's a form of language, the noises Spall has conjured, and coupled with his permanent scowl - Spall's Turner would make a fine Halloween mask or Muppet - he keeps a happily meandering film most grounded.
It's one of the fullest biographies ever made.
Watching Mike Leigh's Mr Turner is a little like being immersed in a beautiful painting. Exquisite to look at with wonderful cinematography and production design, this portrayal is a showcase for veteran actor Timothy Spall
Mike Leigh's late-career fascination with the turning of the seasons and corporeal decline is illustrated with great humour and poetry in Mr. Turner.
A fascinating character, a vividly realized film portrait
"Mr. Turner" is a harsh, strange, but stirring movie, no more a conventional artist's bio-pic than Robert Altman's wonderful, little-seen film about van Gogh and his brother, "Vincent and Theo."
Timothy Spall's impressive performance as the 19th Century English artist notwithstanding, this is a film to respect more than to love.
Turner, you'd hope, would be proud.
Spall's Turner grunts and growls, gurgles and wheezes, but the performance could not be more eloquent, revealing the painter in all his contradictions and genius.
Leigh's own masterpiece.
Never before has "Ghhrrrrr" meant so much or conveyed such depth of character.
If there is one film you should see on the largest screen possible this year, it is Mr Turner, which is not merely the portrait of an artist but a full-frontal, joyous bellyflop into the seascapes of his paintings.
It's no surprise that Mike Leigh would take a distinctly original approach to the celebrity biopic, and this film about 19th century painter J.M.W. Turner is refreshingly unstructured and abrasive.
I confidently predict Timothy Spall will be lifting a Bafta, if not an Oscar, for his brilliant performance as 19th-century painter JMW Turner in this affecting biopic.
How could such a delicate and visionary artist - a genius - be such a grunting warthog of a man?
It's not the sort of tidy biopic that Hollywood churns out in batches, but that somehow makes it even truer to the spirit of the Romantic period when it takes place.
When you have Spall doing the grunting, and Mike Leigh at the helm, as both writer and director, such gruntiness can be quite sublime, as can snorting and huffing.
Shimmering with awards potential, Leigh's glorious picture is a hilarious, confounding, wholehearted and dazzlingly performed portrait of an artist as an ageing man.
Leigh has earned this masterpiece through the Turner school of industrious application.
At two-and-a-half hours, this is not a portrait in miniature, but Spall is mesmerising to watch, even making a convincing show of creating some of Turner's famous works before the camera, including The Fighting Temeraire.
It's a beautiful film because it isn't afraid of beauty's uglinesses. Artists don't personify the ideal or dazzling worlds they envision. They are the workshop, not the work. So it's right, in a biopic, that we see the mess of the creative life.
This is no stuffy costume drama but a richly lived-in visit to early-19th-century England that is rough, bawdy, often funny, and more often unsettling.
It didn't do it for me. I spent nearly as much time looking at my watch as I did gazing at Spall and Pope's great work.
As one would expect from Leigh, this is a movie marinated in detail.
It's a funny, fitting, warts-and-all monument to a British master, with Mike Leigh demonstrating a command of his craft to rival even his subject.
Rarely has watching paint dry been so fascinating.
[VIDEO ESSAY] Mike Leigh's reputation as an unrivaled inventor of cinematic dramaturgy once again over-delivers on his promise. How, you might ask, is that possible. Such is the nature of Mike Leigh's incomprehensible genius.
This is a fascinating, lusciously detailed portrait of an artist, but it could have used a little less colour and a bit more subtle shading.
Mr. Turner is gorgeous, touching, weird, interesting, funny and a thousand other superlatives.
Slow period piece 'Mr. Turner' is an actors', filmmaker's, photographer's, and costume and set designers' delight.
An extraordinary portrait of the last stages in the life and career of Joseph Mallord William Turner, the painter of light.
"Timothy Spall grunts and grumbles his way through the film, chewing the scenery and spitting it back out with contempt."
Spall's characterization is never less than towering. . . . Now finally there's Oscar chatter for his Turner, who struts down the London's alleyways like a Dickensian villain, porcine and self-involved.
While his visual take on the life of J.M.W. Turner's is among Leigh's most ambitious attempts, outside of a few key scenes and good performances, the film lays lifeless like a PBS special on a Sunday afternoon.
Timothy Spall - best known to mainstream audiences as Wormtail in the Harry Potter series - delivers an Oscar-caliber tour de force reminiscent of Charles Laughton
Timothy Spall grunts, gurgles and sputters playing J. M. W. Turner in Mike Leigh's visually stunning biopic. The round-faced British character actor took Best Actor at Cannes for his crass-yet-compelling portrait of an artist as a wheezy old lout.
An astute summation of Mike Leigh's glum view of humanity, but also a challenge to this disposition and his own pessimistic perspective.
A masterpiece of a film with truly uncanny performances from Timothy Spall, Dorothy Atkinson and Marion Bailey.
Leigh has it both ways: he's tough on British history, but there's still a bit of Heritage England seeping through.
Timothy Spall is a grunting, squinting, po-faced force of nature in Mike Leigh's surprising and charming biography of Romantic landscape painter J.M.W. Turner
Spall's repertoire of grunts, each one with its own distinct meaning, comfortably extends past a hundred, and you wonder if he went Method for the role, living for years in a sty until he got the voice, posture and smell just right.
Leigh isn't so much interested in artist as martyr as he is in the artist as self-contained multitude, containing all the foibles and paradoxes of his age.
...Mr Turner, though not without flaws, is something of a twilight culmination of Leigh's work, and very much one in which the filmmaker turns his lens on himself, as is so often the case when directors make movies about artists.
Mike Leigh's biopic of JMW Turner is a rambling, richly detailed character study with a magnificent central performance from Timothy Spall.
Who else could've made an interesting film about an uninteresting man if not Leigh, the expert of finding gloriousness in moments of ordinary being?
A slowgoing yet rich showcase for veteran character actor Timothy Spall.
It's far and away Timothy Spall's finest work, and even more a triumph for Mike Leigh, to have brought such artistry of his own to such an artist.
The film is distinguished by a truly stunning performance from Timothy Spall.
Mr. Turner works at once as a warts-and-all portrait of the painter and his circle, and as a large-scale evocation of Victorian England.
One of [Mike] Leigh's most rewarding works. He is now 71, but this film and his last one, Another Year, show that he's at the lofty peak of his powers.
Mr. Turner isn't quite an aesthetic failure, yet neither is it an unabashed success the way many of Leigh's recent works have proven to be.
'Mr. Turner' feels like a perfect summation of Leigh's career. Bold, beautiful and a little cranky. Also, importantly, not to everyone's taste.
Whilst a little too long at just under 2 and a half hours, Leigh has nevertheless created something of a masterpiece.
Mike Leigh takes on the topsy-turvy life of J.M.W. Turner in an exquisitely detailed, brilliantly acted biopic.
Leigh makes no judgements on his protagonist but instead chooses to place before us a man both ordinary and extraordinary as he shuffles about his daily business.
What a glorious film this is, richly and immediately enjoyable, hitting its satisfying stride straight away.
Timothy Spall - a veteran of Mike Leigh's films - plays this eccentric, determined London bohemian like a bronchial, cantankerous, randy old toad with backache.

@highlight

Led by a masterful performance from Timothy Spall and brilliantly directed by Mike Leigh, Mr. Turner is a superior Hollywood biopic.