Lacks the romantic luster needed between its leads to match the enchanting, saga-like feel of the time.
While ultimately forgettable, it's a pleasant enough diversion while it's happening.
[Water for Elephants] is an old-fashioned romance done with loving period detail.
This movie doesn't have half the imagination of even the most subpar circus and, all told, I think it even has fewer elephants.
The leads lack chemistry and the movie has a very cookie-cutter love story that was far too predictable.
Whatever romance Gruen summoned forth from this rough and tumble world of show people living by their own laws in a traveling, self-contained world of poverty and cruelty, director Francis Lawrence has hacked and ground it off.
"Water for Elephants" is a surprisingly good film that once again shows that first impressions aren't everything.
Effectively hits the right emotional beats with crucially the right amount of restraint.
I love it when a film surprises me.
The film is certainly striking to look at but the story is hackneyed with too much exposition
It plays like a book with half of its pages ripped out. It moves quickly enough, but it's never convincing and the actors never get much to chew on. The end result isn't really a 'whirlwind' romance; it's more like a tumbleweed.
The real appeal of this movie is the epic backdrop of the 1930s-era train circus. This is where the special effects and costuming budget went.
Supporting characters are too hastily sketched in, serving only to further the unsmooth course of true love.
Pattinson and Witherspoon may be the movie's heart, but Christoph Waltz provides the hydropower that drives Water For Elephants to its explosive, destructive conclusion.
All the eye candy of the circus, along with one-dimensional characters and an unfulfilling storyline.
This is sweet, but it's pure candyfloss.
There's no doubting the luscious detail and feel for the period, but the love triangle that inevitable kicks in is a little too rote, even for those in a forgiving mood.
It's a gorgeous film to look at, but far too cliched and limitedly-acted to be much better than average.
This is the kind of old-fashioned sweeping romance that would have played the bottom half of a double-bill in the 1940.
Makes a case as a worthy adaptation of a good novel but the jury is still out on whether Mr. Pattinson can be more than a brooding vampire.
Water for Elephants has a distinctly daytime movie feel to it, shot in soft, golden tones with an unchallenging plot.
It's a fast-paced adventure tale like they used to make 'em, a slice of old-fashioned Hollywood that traverses tragedy, romance and exotic travel.
Circuses have thankfully changed a lot since 1931 (when this is predominantly set) but it's a fascinating time and place to visit and a lot of the appeal of Water For Elephants comes from its setting.
There isn't really enough here to propel the story and hold your attention for two hours.
I think it's maybe the best circus movie since The Greatest Show on Earth.
I was totally entranced from the opening moment to the end.
A deceptively enjoyable, very old-fashioned romantic drama.
While it's not without its flaws, this atmospheric and largely well-acted adaptation proves stronger than its source material.
This was Pattinson's film to lose, and in his first steps to a successful post-Twilight career, he is treading the right path.
A new era movie star headlines an old fashion drama to satisfying results in Water for Elephants.
The movie may feel at times like a put-on, but it is in fact entirely sincere.
The delicate score and softly-focused camera lens help transport us back into 1930s America and into this fulfilling tale of romance and circus animals.
It lacks the humour and charm to elevate itself above its modest generic ambitions, but it's a perfectly enjoyable piece of pulp cinema that successfully repackages archetypal characters and scenarios.
With such good looks (that have little to do with RPatz), it's a crying shame that the story boils down to a rather beige love triangle.
Old fashioned and sentimental, Water for Elephants still has much to offer with its very readable costume design.
Something under this big tent went missing, and the deficiency just doesn't allow for cheers from some of us in the critical crowd.
Beauty comes in all shapes and sizes, and Water for Elephants finds immense pleasure in juxtaposing extreme dimensionality with budding emotion.
The bad news for Pattinson is that it offers him nothing to do except play a more grown-up character, one whose dullness is amplified by the misfortune of having to share so much screen time with Christoph Waltz.
Pattinson isn't quite the stiff he appears to be in Twilight, the costumes and sets look great, and the film could be recommended to patients who have been advised by their doctors to avoid stress or excitement.
This colourful romantic melodrama gives the brooding Robert Pattinson a break from his customary vampire roles...
The three leads deliver wonderful characterisations and the screenplay (well adapted from the novel) adds depth and resonance to the love triangle in a way that rejuvenates the old device
It is the film's well portrayed reality under the big top, in which we can almost smell the sawdust, illegal liquor and animal dung surrounded by exotic performers that excels at drawing us into the story and making it enjoyable
The film's very old-fashioned sense of right and wrong is refreshing. However, the need for strong plotting and characterisation...never goes out of vogue, and it's on these terms that Water For Elephants feels truncated.
Without Waltz, this might qualify as perhaps the dullest circus movie ever made, dragged down by a sappy script and a soppy romance.
Water For Elephants may not be the greatest movie on earth, but it's far from being a white elephant.
Water for Elephants may not be the best show on earth, but it's still quite a show.
If you don't expect a classic heartbreaker you'll enjoy this old-fashioned movie romance.
Water For Elephants casts a spell with its arresting visuals and the cast looks ravishing through a soft-focus lens.
Director Francis Lawrence knows what he is doing and doesn't get too ambitious with this old-fashioned piece of storytelling.
A visual treat and a fascinating look at circus life in a bygone era. If only this were a little more memorable.
This is high romantic melodrama: Titanic on dry land, with the doomed liner turned into a Thirties travelling circus careering towards catastrophe.
There's a formidable cast here, and on paper, the movie should have a fair bit going for it.
Vapidly pleasurable, the film works within a simple and well-worn groove, but it does work, almost in spite of itself.
[W]orks... beautifully: It doesn't pretend to be anything other than an old-fashioned melodrama yarn-spun for as much emotion and tragedy and romance as possible...
With a heavy dose of gold-hued nostalgia, this Depression-era drama works overtime to generate big romantic emotions. But the characters aren't quite interesting enough
The film shamelessly plays to our love affair with animals, with Tai melting as many hearts as Pattinson in this.
Water For Elephants doesn't live up to its epic pretensions but is still better than expected.
The supporting characters swarm towards the revenge-and-redemption climax like elephants to a salt lick. Here, though, it's a schmaltz lick.
Such is the power of acting that viewers may find themselves seeing August's point of view. Running a circus in the Depression isn't all about striking poses.
Where Francis Lawrence's story scores highly is the look and atmosphere of the 1930s circus, a canvas den of showgirls, leering roustabouts and big-hearted midgets.
Watchable, handsomely shot Depression-era drama with strong performances from Witherspoon and Waltz...
... sometimes feels like a big-top "Titanic" ... Standing in for those treacherous icebergs? Unhappy roustabouts, a couple of toothless lions, and a temperamental pachyderm named Rosie.
For anyone who's ever longed to see Reese Witherspoon astride an elephant, this is the film for you.
Pattinson's co-stars are both past Oscar winners, while Tai the elephant is a scene stealer in her own right, but amidst the sweat, sawdust and spangled glamour of the circus, he more than holds his own in the ring.
It will be a welcome relief to see Pattinson one day cast in a film not primarily targeted at women, or, indeed, one where he is forlorn and lovesick most of the time.
'Water for Elephants' has charm, and this more grown up role suits Pattinson more than the histrionics of last year's 'Remember Me'.
Familiar but enjoyable.
An engrossing, old-fashioned romantic-triangle motion picture with appeal for both men and women -- in other words, the type of movie that used to be a Hollywood staple.
The movie rather embarrassingly sells chastity in the midst of what feels like a lawless situation. It's handsomely mounted but timid.
The elephant is impressive. Rosie stands up on her hind legs. She stands on her front legs. She flirts with Robert Pattinson and drinks lemonade.
Here's a film in which Twilight's Robert Pattinson runs away to join the circus - but, amazingly, not as the Incredible Giant-Faced Man.
...the real star of Water for Elephants is, of course, an elephant and Rosie is a talented charmer that does some amazing physical things...
But as things trudge along the movie becomes sadly less and less interesting, Lawrence more apt to be engrossed in creating beautiful picture postcard images then he is in trying to ground the core dramatics into anything real.
The love triangle that determines Water for Elephants' dark trajectory is just as joyless and wanly dramatized.
... covers (barely) the letter of the story while violating its spirit.
It's a totally critic-proof film. Just as well, too.
Has its charms, but never quite gels
It is the elephant that provides that special spark and helps keep Water For Elephants afloat when the romance is doing an awkward belly flop.
Lawrence brings some authenticity to the mini-epic but succumbs to its sentimentality.
Witherspoon has never been more beautiful or dramatic. She and Pattinson create a beautiful love story
...an engrossing romantic melodrama in a seedy but colorful setting. You either buy it or you don't.
leaves no room for irony or cynicism or thematic depth and instead resolves itself to warm hues of sentimentality, romance, and comfortably wrought eccentricity
A swoony, enjoyable, old-time romance whose best acts are a period-perfect Pattinson and a playful pachyderm.
Less Pattinson and more pachyderm, please.
The art decoration and cinematography were superb but the casting of Patterson seemed to miss the boat.
Water for Elephants reminds us that there is something deeply true about the world under the Big Top. We all want the crowd to love us. And I think the crowd will love this movie.
Stealing the show here was the Tai, the elephant actress. Not only was she beautiful and talented, but she brought more to the table than I'm sure was expected. She had me mesmerized every minute she was the in the film.
Pattinson, freed from the white pancake and clunking dialogue of the undead, brings a sweet innocence to the part, one that makes the symbolism of Rosie's trunk curling up to his chin as he talks with Marlena disingenuous, almost sweet
Needed a much tighter edit, but I surprised myself by not actually hating it.
Witherspoon seemed way too old for Pattinson. Like a cougar ready to attack and Pattinson has the emotional range of a teaspoon. Movie is soggy but doesn't sink.
Sometimes while watching 'Water for Elephants,' I actually felt as gritty as the circus workers or as spellbound as the spectators inside the Big Top.
Nearly a great film. Sadly, Robert Pattinson's charisma-free performance is a liability.
,,,a much larger group of potential ticket-buyers could have been tapped with a different title that I offer here for consideration: Twilight Under the Big Top.
There's not much wrong with this film, but I just wanted everything to be a little bit bigger, like the actual circus.
The great intangible of chemistry isn't present, making Water for Elephants seem longer and slower than one might hope.
Screenwriter Richard LaGravenese's brilliant adaptation of Sara Gruen's circus novel is an achievement in distilled cinematic storytelling.
Horribly dull. This should have had the aura of Federico Fellini's great traveling circus film La Strada. Pattinson plays a boy, not a serious romantic rival.
It's an adaptation that manages to be tasteful, mature, and even on occasion insightful. But that can only take a movie so far when there's no one around to constantly fan those flames of literary respect into something inherently, vibrantly cinematic.
This compressed, stilted screen adaptation disapponts but it's not a total loss.
Mechanically directed by former music-video director Francis Lawrence.
Based on the spinal column of a richly worthwhile novel, a catastrophically miscast lead duo and a vegetarian screen story only serve up scant droplets from this tale's oceanic potential.
The movie gives the viewer a taste of the nomadic existence for those lucky enough to be part of a traveling circus. It also touches upon the vernacular unique to circus folk...
The director puts on a beautiful spectacle. However, while the film looks fantastic, its stars lack the connection needed to make this circus a true marvel.
...a fairly misbegotten adaptation...
This is the kind of old-fashioned sweeping romance that would have played the bottom half of a double-bill in the 1940's.
Isn't it OK, once in a while, just to enjoy the spectacle of two beautiful people kissing in a train car in the shadow of an elephant?
Just like all the other historical epic romances. Coming of age, forbidden romance, oppressive older generation and present day bookends because nobody thinks they can just start the story in the past.
No passion, no problem. Water for Elephants creates a wonderfully dark circus atmosphere to keep our interest when the film's love triangle falters.
Witherspoon makes an incongruously squeaky Marlena, and it doesn't help that Pattinson is about as ardently expressive as a log of wood trying to pass itself off as James Dean.
The trouble with Water for Elephants is not its eventfulness -- it's a perfectly entertaining melodrama with a memorable (if hammy) villain. It's the hard-to-swallow, spark-free love story.
Does the sheer Hollywood hoopla add up to a perversely enjoyable brand of something that can be loosely called entertainment? I think it does.
Pattison still looks like a vampire to me. But despite his looks and narrow range, Holbrook, Witherspoon, and Waltz shine in this 'The Notebook' style tearjerker.
Not only does Pattinson give an impressive performance, but he also holds his own alongside his Oscar-winning co-stars, Reese Witherspoon and Christoph Waltz.
Witherspoon sparkles appropriately, Waltz is indeed one scary dude and Pattinson acquits himself well enough, although he leans too much on grinning as a default reaction.
Water For Elephants is not, to borrow the Benzini Bros. Circus' motto -- "the most spectacular show on Earth." But it is a class act.
The film has a pleasing retro-ness that often mitigates the dullness.
From scene to scene, and plot point to plot point, nothing connects. Pattinson, Witherspoon, and Waltz perform in separate rings of their three-ring circus.
When people talk about a book with affection and even passion, the way they have Sara Gruen's best-selling novel Water for Elephants, I always hope (against hope) that a screen...
'Water for Elephants," Francis Lawrence's pleasing, if at times tepid film adaptation of the best-selling 2006 novel by Sara Gruen, is a return to the sort of showman-style, romantic epic of Hollywood's golden past.
It's telling that Jacob and Marlena's bond seems far stronger in a series of black and white stills shown at film's end than it does during the actual film.
Powerful, sensitive, she creates a huge performance that stands head and shoulders above the rest. Addressing the elephant in the room ... oh, let's do. She's the only mammal worthy of our attention.
The main attraction - a doomed love triangle propping up the Big Top - pales in comparison to the sideshows and secondary acts coloring the fringe.
This ambitious, colorful story is filled with metaphors about life and love-some more successful than others-but it is consistently engaging and a treat for the eyes.
"Pattinson's beauty crowds out just about everything else."
Sara Gruen's bestseller becomes good, old-fashioned entertainment on screen, although it's not much of a love story. Pattinson and Witherspoon lack sparks.
Elephants may never forget but people can. Forget this one.
"Water for Elephants" is one ring short of a three-ring hit.
Water for Elephants is a beautiful and captivating film that you will never forget! Robert Pattinson delivers a magnificent performance alongside Witherspoon and Waltz!
This sort of lush, period romance doesn't come around much anymore.
How do I count the ways this movie goes wrong?
You know where the thing is headed. Still, it's fun to watch.
There's no real surprises here, but if you like this sort of thing, this romance under the big top, for what it is, gets the job done.
This is a "Mom Movie." And there's absolutely nothing wrong with that.
It should be noted that despite the inherent suggestion of the title, "Water for Elephants" in fact only contains one (1) elephant and for the most part, the creature is more partial to whisky than to water.
Usually, you have to wait for the end-of-the-year awards season to see an elaborate period piece that fails as spectacularly as "Water for Elephants."
As usual, Pattinson's acting consists of shaking his head and whimpering.
Easily one of the best films I've seen this year. But the surprise here, for me anyway, is Pattinson. Quiet and brooding in the "Twilight" films he seems to jump off the screen here, matching Waltz and Witherspoon scene for scene.
One of the best movies of the year so far that has you rooting for a dying circus, true love and one guy who just needs a second chance.
Director Francis Lawrence and writer Richard LaGravenese replicate just enough of the novel's fantasy to keep audiences involved, even if the results hardly add up to the most spectacular show at the cineplex.
The love story - though less passionate than depicted in the book - drives the story and should drive audiences to theaters.
...one of the best films I've seen this year.
If loyalists of Gruen's text has their idea of romance and passion defined faithfully by the distant chemistry of the two underwritten protagonists here, then it goes without saying that such fans are already easily pleased.
A beach read of a movie, broad and unchallenging but spirited and sometimes moving too. It's the kind of froth just strong enough to sweep you up if you'll allow it.
The film always seems to be on the cusp of locating some bigger truth about one's life and destiny, but this cinematic treatment loses its way by focusing almost solely on a sudsy, perfunctory love triangle.
Undermined by a stoic portrayal of its central romance.
For the audience that is familiar with the book or that just wants a two-handed weepie this weekend, Water For Elephants will deliver.
While the film version of Sara Gruen's best-selling 2006 novel aims for prestige, there's something up there on the screen that is telling us-not necessarily in a bad way-date flick!
the rest of the movie feels a lot like a 15-year-old taking the car out for their first spin.
There's a great movie to be made about the history of the circus. Water for Elephants is not it.
The script by Richard LaGravenese, who is well-versed in adapting popular fiction such as Bridges of Madison County, lacks the sparkle of his best work.
Start writing your Twilight for Elephants fanfic mashups now!
"Water for Elephants" is a circus tale, full of drunks, tossed-off circus wisdom and forlorn animals, including a beautiful elephant.
Can the film live up to Sara Gruen's best-selling novel, an adored word-of-mouth phenomenon? [Yes.]
Short-circuits the novel's quirky charms and period atmosphere by its squeamish attitude toward gritty circus life and smothers the drama under James Newton Howard's insufferable wall-to-wall musical soup.
It's been a long time since Hollywood has made a circus movie, but if 'Water for Elephants' is any indication, it hasn't been long enough.
Sustains a gritty charm. But the lack of erotic chemistry between the assigned lovebirds, especially Witherspoon (c'mon Reese, you can do way better than that) makes Pattinson's affection for the circus animals seem like forbidden desire in comparison.
When was the last time a story about running away with a circus gunned anybody's engine?
Even nonreaders of the book can figure out what happens next. It's all in the telling. Sara Gruen provided grit and pungent detail. The movie settles for gloss.
There is quite a bit to enjoy in a film that certainly qualifies as broad-based popular entertainment.
Well, it isn't the elephant's fault.
Water for Elephants is a circus movie needing more sawdust under its fingernails. It's tough to imagine a prettier movie set during the Great Depression. Even the grime is artfully faked.
The love triangle takes a familiar shape and the dialogue tends toward the banal. Rarely has running away to join the circus looked so dull.
A splendid period swooner that delivers classic romance and an indelible insider's view of 1930s circus life.
The problem isn't just miscasting or the cheesiness of the material. It's Pattinson's increasingly predictable, dour persona.
I'd be pleased to see a vibrantly romantic picture defy the Zeitgeist and restore one of Hollywood's central genres. This just isn't the movie to do it.
Water for Elephants deftly captures the romantic idea of running away to join the circus and the uglier details of what that life entailed in 1931.
In an age of prefabricated special effects and obviously phony spectacle, it's sort of old-fashioned (and a pleasure) to see a movie made of real people and plausible sets.
What with its big, lush close-ups of the principals, Rodrigo Prieto's moody, humidor-brown cinematography, and the life-is-a-circus emotionalism, Water provides the basic movie-movie pleasure of beautiful people struggling their way out of ugly situations.
Aims for epic but feels mostly inert, ambling along slowly for the better part of two hours before collapsing upon itself in a brief, gloriously overwrought finale.
A deliberate throwback to an era of grand romantic entertainment, and a reminder that the appeal of a good love story is always timeless.
"Water for Elephants" balances the colorful glitz of a three-ring spectacle with the atmospheric realism that a rich drama demands.
Although screenwriter Richard LaGravenese has streamlined it considerably, he and Lawrence have preserved the book's spirit: This may be a love story, but it's also a snapshot of a lost era and a strange, exciting, rough way to make a living.
It's a tastefully managed, passionless melodrama, full of brooding looks and reasonably sweet moments, but typified by a scantly characterized central couple who bring no sense of engagement to their relationship.
The movie strips away both the grand weirdness of the circus and the dire desolation of the Depression. Diane Arbus and Dorothea Lange are exchanged for Vanity Fair.
The strong suit of this melodrama from music video director-turned-feature filmmaker Francis Lawrence is its sense of time and place, namely America in 1931.
Add romantic chemistry to the list of things that fall flat in the film, alongside dialogue and acting.
The screen adaptation of a bestselling novel that is both a magical carpet ride about circuses and a parable about loving and learning from animals.
One of the better pics from Hollywood but you won't want to run away to join this circus.
Elephants might not perform any new genre tricks, but that's OK. After all, a good story is a good story -- be it on the page or up on the screen.
If basking in the simulacrum of [Pattinson's] need-filled gaze is your bag, then by all means...
There's no strong chemistry between the usually charming Reese Witherspoon and her love interest Robert Pattinson. but the film offers other rewards
Takes a vivid tale of romance and revenge and bleeds it dry of tension...best part of the picture is the elephant, and even she looks embarrassed to be a part of this charmless snoozer.
Like "The Notebook," but with an elephant, the unexpectedly good film version of "Water for Elephants" elevates pure corn to a completely satisfying realm of romantic melodrama.
A would-be romantic drama as lumbering as an elephant. Pattinson and Witherspoon have lost their usual sparkle; a tedious film, with leaden direction and a charmless script.
The fact it works as well as it does is a strong testament both to the source material and to those involved with bringing it to the screen.
Even lions yawn sometimes.
The sleepy-eyed Pattinson is so lifeless that you keep expecting someone to put a mirror to his nostrils. Oh wait - wrong movie.
Will please fans of Sara Gruen's best seller, but it lacks the vital spark that would have made the drama truly compelling on the screen.
[Witherspoon and Pattinson] are game, but the pulse between them approaches Dracula's resting heart rate.
Witherspoon and Pattinson are a three-ring snooze-fest together, bringing little passion to a love story supposedly so fiery, it blows the roof off the big top.
Is it damning praise to declare this adaptation a good old fashioned movie? Because director Francis Lawrence's version of the popular novel is good. And yes, it is old fashioned. And appropriately so.



@highlight

It's a tale tastefully told and beautifully filmed, but Water for Elephants suffers from a pronounced lack of chemistry between its leads.