Based on M.R. Carey's novel, this thing holds together quite well thanks to director Colm McCarthy, and it boasts some nice performances by Gemma Arterton, Paddy Considine, and Glenn Close as the humans.
Filled with bleak-yet-gorgeous scenery and meditations on survival.
The Girl with All the Gifts may be a zombie movie, but it's remarkably unencumbered by fidelity to the canon it cannibalizes.
Some of the set-dressing seems a bit obvious and there's a slight shortage of plot, but a strong ending and good late twist ensures it just about finishes in front.
At least one terrific and original set-piece, some fascinating design, and, most intriguingly, an out-of-the-box performance from Glenn Close, playing a military scientist with military precision.
With its dystopian setting housing superhuman teens and zombies, The Girl With All the Gifts seems like a movie generated by a Young Adult Entertainment algorithm.
This thriller works because of its strong cast, particularly newcomer Nanua.
Ends up being situated to a subtle and sublime omni-exterminator side of the recent zombie fantasies. [Full review in Spanish]
If you like your horror/thriller movies to come with a hefty side-helping of existential crisis, then boy is this the film for you.
Very confusing and absurd. One of the worst zombie films. [Full review in Spanish]
What separates the film from the rest of the recycled zombies of our time is, on the one hand, the splendid cast and, on the other hand, the careful relationship that has the story of Carey with the Greek myth of Pandora. [Full review in Spanish]
A much more reflective film than most of the zombie films of the last decade, except for some examples like Train to Busan (2016). [Full review in Spanish]
On the one hand, it's an absorbing, electrifying film. On the other hand, however, the narrative that gives form seems to emerge from a universe of fiction that can no longer go beyond itself. [Full review in Spanish]
The film is essentially a examination of conscience where the true executioners, the fear of the unknown and the instinct of survival, lead to a final turn so unexpected as enlightening. [Full review in Spanish]
an astute, ruthless, and troubling take on the familiar tropes of the zombie apocalypse.
The Girl with All the Gifts starts off with quite a lot of potential in its first act, but unfortunately the story is taken in a clichéd, bland, and rather silly direction that results in an ultimately unsatisfying and quickly forgettable zombie outing.
The Girl With All the Gifts is just plain great. It's captivating, entertaining, provocative, and most of all, it's the freshest take on the zombie genre we've seen in years.
The innovation of Girl is that Melanie is, in fact, a monster... Horror films are best when they borrow from and reflect reality. There isn't anything scarier than truth; dig it.
The Girl with All the Gifts keeps a brisk pace and avoids chunky exposition.
Shows like The Walking Dead reign over The Girl With All The Gifts because the breakdown of society, how people fully function within it is the core of the story.
Like Melanie, The Girl With All the Gifts is neither dead nor alive but somewhere in between.
The Girl with All the Gifts resists the temptation to become a young adult reimagining of 28 Days Later, instead emerging as an effectively atmospheric and often grisly horror film.
Might be the most inadvertently appropriate analog to life in 2017's increasingly unstable world.
The Girl with All the Gifts spins a smart tale of species survival, with enough horror elements to keep genre fans happy.
...it's a rare zombie movie that gets smarter as it goes along, and offers an ending that truly feels like a solid payoff
In addition to its innovative take on the zombie flick, Mike Carey's script, based on his novel of the same name, sticks thanks to its unconventional ending.
Mixes horror, humor, and humanity with thrilling agility, all centered on a star-making performance by newcomer Sennia Nanua.
The Girl With All The Gifts is a thoughtful apocalyptic subversion, but the biggest praise goes to young Sennia Nanua's brilliant acting debut.
The Girl with All the Gifts, puts the audience back in touch with the scariest thing about zombies-that they are not monsters at all, just human beings altered by the unstoppable tide of nature's will.
It's really the big picture of the film that sets it apart.
Just when you thought the zombie genre was out of ideas, along comes Colm McCarthy's smart and engaging The Girl with All the Gifts, a film with echoes of George A. Romero, Danny Boyle, and Robert Kirkman.
[Sennia Nanua's] performance is worth the price of a ticket.
A wicked, gory and even occasionally funny take on George A. Romero.
It's all fairly interesting if less than captivating, driven mostly by Nanua's bright performance.
The Girl with All the Gifts has ambitions to shake some genre norms up, but by favoring indulgence over patience, it's derivative in all the wrong ways.
It's [a zombie movie] that possesses clearly defined characters, cares about the ideas they both state and represent, and has a few vital things to say...
It's a film for people who thought they never needed to sit through another zombie flick. It's also quite likely the strangest entry that will ever appear on Glenn Close's IMDB page.
The Girl With All the Gifts finds a fresh, gutsy approach to the zombie virus apocalypse movie.
[Sennia Nanua is] phenomenal, by turns glib, vulnerable, disconcertingly opaque and viscerally terrifying.
Setting aside so much zombie fiction's dull repetitiveness (I'm looking at you, The Walking Dead), it charts a new course for the genre by miring itself in questions with only difficult answers.
"The Girl With All the Gifts" doesn't really venture into new territory, but it does a decent job of reminding us why zombies are so scary, and so interesting.
It's got some future-world smarts that sporadically elevate it above the junk that dominates this genre, and they help carry it through the routine spatter-and-gore moments and sci-fi clichés.
If you're not a fan of flesh-eater flicks by now, you surely won't be after seeing The Girl With All the Gifts.
The real draw here is the young people. Who, probably not coincidentally, are the ones who will enjoy The Girl With All The Gifts the most.
An effective and surprisingly intelligent exercise in sustained horror.
A top-notch cast (including standout Sennia Nanua) makes this zombie drama well worth checking out.
If you're a fan of genre films, especially things like Danny Boyle's 28 Days Later, then this is definitely a movie you'll want to check out.
...a potent consideration of original sin-the notion that we are all born with a propensity toward evil.
The Girl With All the Gifts isn't an instant classic. It's just a reminder the zombie genre isn't ready for retirement yet.
The film wants to have its flesh and eat it too, but even more damning is how little meat is on its bones to begin with.
The Girl With All the Gifts is a distinctive entry to the zombie genre.
A smart, scary and sophisticated evolution of the zombie movie.
It's how Nanua conveys this young brainiac's humanity, however, that allows McCarthy's bleak morality tale and survival adventure to transcend genre clichés and a draggy midsection before survivors head for London.
The british film is a new approach to the undead, but its initially interesting premise lasts only half hour. [Full review in Spanish]
A film that every zombie-movie lover must see and there's no point in comparison with the latest 'Resident Evil' movie, no matter if it's the most entertaining of the saga. [Full review in Spanish]
An elegant and sensitive film, which doesn't insult the spectator's intelligence or abuse of unnecessary effects. [Full review in Spanish]
A film of great originality, as if it were a small-scale metaphor of the planet's current situation, where the one who is different is always an enemy. [Full review in Spanish]
It's an unsettling picture, but also engrossing and emotive, handling expectation for gloom and doom with inspired dramatic depth and performances.
While Girl may not be the scariest zombie movie in recent years, it makes a case for being the most thought-provoking.
The film is saved from mediocrity primarily by its lead, newcomer Sennia Nanua.
A striking and elegantly told tale of survival that turns the tables on everything we've come to expect from zombie cinema, McCarthy has crafted something very special with The Girl with All the Gifts.
Reliably (and enjoyably) preposterous.
A deliciously tense and clever twist on classic zombie tropes.
Director Colm McCarthy (Peaky Blinders, Doctor Who) captures more than a civilization in collapse. This is an extinction-level event, as humanity sees itself overtaken by evolution.
Light on gore but heavy on brains, The Girl With All the Gifts delivers what it means to be living, undead or a new combination of the two, with originality and guts.
What drives the movie is not the typical action of a square-jawed hero saving lives with a gun, but the deep, moving relationship between Melanie, a Pinocchio-like figure yearning to be human, and Helen, her surrogate mother.
The Girl with All the Gifts, adapted from the novel by M. R. Carey, is an effective, scary, and emotional zombie movie.
It's a refreshing spin on the familiar that feels at one with the world of 28 Days Later while still plotting its own path in character and emotional weight.
Based on an idea by sci-fi writer MR Carey, Girl with All the Gifts is a pretty decent horror film, with science that makes sense and a nice overall visual design considering its slender $4m budget.
It's always good to see Paddy Considine and both he and Gemma Arterton deliver in albeit not terribly demanding roles.
McCarthy gives us some startling images... and some weighty moral issues to ponder.
This is a gory love story. It's a real gift.
The picture's scale and production design is to be applauded but ultimately it is an unsatisfying hybrid itself - neither tense action-thriller nor compelling moral drama.
The Girl With All the Gifts is exactly the kind of genre picture the UK should be making: provocative, imaginative and unafraid to sink its teeth into complex and challenging material. Bravo!
Director Colm McCarthy hasn't generated enough filmic propulsion to lift it out of the deep wheel-ruts left by its numerous antecedents.
Moving, intelligent and frightening, this will grip you by the throat.
Colm McCarthy fashions a terrifying alt-future from confined spaces and group dynamics where another film-maker might have lazily summoned a CGI vista.
Brittle and brutal and yet shot through with a knowing vein of black humour, TGWATG is a gripping and intelligent thriller.
Working in a genre that has recently hit bottom with dreary parody and vacant spectacle, the director Colm McCarthy and his team have managed to wrangle if not quite a complete reinvention, then something vivid and startling in its own right.
Aspires to greatness by pushing its social concerns and big ideas up front for all to see. But the film falls far short thanks to some pretty ropey writing, undistinguished direction and variable performances.
It startles and chills before McCarthy offers genuine hope for humankind to define the best and most unusual zombie movie since 28 Days Later.
Gory and thought-provoking science fiction for people who wouldn't normally be caught dead, or undead, watching a zombie film.
Just when you thought zombie apocalypses had run out of fresh DNA, The Girl with all the Gifts comes up with a brand new evolution.
I have to confess this 38-year-old was pretty gripped by The Girl with All the Gifts - and my suspicion is that even those teenagers who sneak in to see it will be compelled to stop What's Apping for at least some of its running time.
Disturbing, horrific yet also intelligent.
McCarthy, an experienced TV director (Peaky Blinders), does a terrific, measured job of answering our questions.
This is a zombie flick you won't want to miss.
For the most part ... this is a superior addition to the genre that offers much food for thought.
Newcomer Nanua plays the hybrid child in appealing fashion.
It's engaging and sometimes exciting, but it never resonates in a meaningful way.
There are some startling and eerie moments in this YA-style horror thriller, adapted by Mike Carey from his 2014 bestseller - but some uncomfortable zombie cliches and uneven performances.
As directed by Colm McCarthy, it is dully and ploddingly told, without imagination, suspense, tension, or any sense of mounting dread.
An engaging and provocative zombie flick, with a stand-out debut performance from Sennia Nanua.
What starts out as a very effective and disturbing little thriller ends in a face palm of a third act that nearly negates all the excellent work of the first hour.
A genre film that favours characterisation and morality over mayhem (but gets the mayhem right too).
The best zombie-ish apocalypse in years. Sennia Nanua is a major discovery, but it's the dense social commentary and moral dilemmas that will haunt you.
Some good stuff in here, but it never really gets better than good.
Strong performances and a neat twist on a moribund genre, The Girl with all the Gifts is a great shuffle forward for the zombie movie.
Stakes out its own fresh place in an SF subgenre that is well played out, and rehumanizes it ways that are both extraordinarily moving and deeply unnerving.
It is a movie that is everything we go to the movies for. Do not miss it.
The post-apocalyptic zombie film The Girl With All the Gifts has one of those allegorical ideas that is half-interesting and half-gimmicky; regardless, considering that the sub-genre has eaten itself whole, the film's worth giving a chance.
...a decent yet hopelessly erratic horror effort that could've used a few more passes through the editing bay.
Tender, terrifying, ingenious, and intense. Nanua stands out amid crack casting: gifted, indeed.
The next great zombie movie has arrived.
Mike Carey's script combines Romero's ethical debates with Boyle's unnerving sense of imminent menace, and finds human moments for every character.
Few outside teen audiences will think Mike Carey's adaptation of his own novel is anything more than another tired attempt to board the zombie bandwagon.
A smartly compelling, emotionally engaging and stylishly executed film ...
Except for Close, a bit of a poisoned apple.
Without the narrative or formal conviction to pull off the clichés rampant throughout, it sadly seems stuck between two worlds.

@highlight

The Girl with All the Gifts grapples with thought-provoking questions without skimping on the scares -- and finds a few fresh wrinkles in the well-worn zombie horror genre along the way.