The cinematography tends toward cramped framing and busy composition but opens up nicely for the exciting fight sequences.
a long, meandering accumulation of unnecessary detail, where any number of episodes might have "got the chop" with little damage to the overall integrity of the film.
The film earns points for avoiding buffoonery, but it plods along with few surprises or emotional flash points.
An inspiring drama which, despite its uneven nature, still manages to pack a punch.
Beautiful Boxer: Boys Do Cry
A rather sensitive and sweet biopic about a someone who believes he's unfairly trapped in a man's body, a body he can use to whale the tar out of his opponents.
Made without much finesse and tends to lumber rather than soar, but still possesses a sweetness that's rather disarming.
Star Asanee Suwan is tenderly moving as Toom, showing his struggle to find internal peace as he fights savagely to get it.
Manages to take a story that Jerry Springer would love and turn it into a sober and sensitive character study about identity and self-determination.
At almost two hours, the film might have benefited from some tightening, but that's a minor complaint.
A basically lighthearted, sprightly film about this most singular of real-life characters.
Million Bhat Baby, anyone?
Heartfelt and spectacularly conceived, especially the exciting fight sequences and gorgeous production design.
You can't help but root for Asanee's troubled character, in and out of the ring.
Though a bit long and occasionally awkward, this drama ultimately does justice to its inspiration.
A rare hybrid: an underdog sports picture that's also a transgender fairy tale.
'He fights like a man so he can become a woman,' reads the ad, but Uekrongtham's restrained film is neither as lurid nor as kitschy as the tagline portends.
... is a magical vision of the ring of the imagination, where anything is possible if the top of the seemingly impossible staircase of self acceptance can be reached.
It seems some fences just can't be painlessly straddled -- no matter how much clearance your plastic surgeon provides.
In fact, much like Calpernia Addams (the central figure in Soldier's Girl), Parinaya's ultimate triumph in the face of heavy adversity is awe inspiring.
Though the plot itself is a little too familiar in structure -- triumph over adversity, yadda, yadda, yadda -- it's heartfelt and true and never sacrifices its characters on the altar of gimmickry.
One cannot help but be in this winning champion's corner.
In the depth of its insight Beautiful Boxer in its unique way is as accomplished as any classic boxing movie, such as Body and Soul, Champion, The Set-Up, Rocky or even Raging Bull.
Polished, ultimately unfulfilling film.
A beautifully shot chronicle of the trials, tribulations and watery makeup days that face all transvestites trying to earn the cash for their transgender surgery while labouring in Thailand's kick boxing industry.
An exquisite paradox, a tale of sublime beauty masquerading behind the front of a vicious fighter.
It's too long and simplistic for the slight story it tells.
Rich with insight and cinematic style and beauty, the film tells a uniquely moving and inspiring story.
The birth of Parinya's gender struggle is Freudian to the nth degree, but the confusion is evoked as a magical-realist pageantry of clashing cultural and sexual signifiers.
A sweetly entertaining but bland biopic.
Ekachai Uekrongtham imbues Toom's story with great tenderness, lush visuals and fierce physicality.
There is only so much dichotomy one can show between brutal fights and caviar dreams, and the repetition becomes tiresome.
A decent film that nonetheless fails to make the most of its fascinating subject matter.
Compelling,



@highlight

Beautiful Boxer blends boxing and identity politics to create a striking, if overdrawn, portrait of self discovery.