Minutes into the film it is obvious this is going to be a rough emotional ride.
I'll Be Me is a palatable but powerful plea for attention to a disease that is likely to explode in coming years with the aging of the baby boomers.
The result is an oddly effective hybrid of music and medical doc.
Both moving and enlightening, even if it does occasionally take on the tone of an educational video.
Life is the collection of memories, and Campbell is losing them. But there is solace in the reality that you will not miss what you cannot recall.
Emotional and intimate.
It's a rare, intensely personal look at Alzheimer's that will be tragically familiar to those who have lived with it and sobering and sad for those who have not.
A harrowing yet also inspiring portrait of the American pop music icon as he copes with the rapid deterioration of Alzheimer's.
Director Keach places his cameras so that you feel like you are part of the film.
As a salute to a musical master, I'll Be Me does Glen Campbell justice. And as a rallying cry for the fight to end Alzheimer's, it's potent.
One of Glen Campbell's final songs was Not Gonna Miss You, dedicated to his wife. I can't imagine anyone listening to it and not being moved.
The film includes vignettes of the more than 100 concerts in that goodbye tour, all of which serve as vivid and painful images of the downward spiral that is Alzheimer's.
I'll Be Me" takes you along on that tour and shares with you the ups and downs of this most personal of illnesses.
Even if hits like 'Wichita Lineman' or 'Rhinestone Cowboy' are not among your jams, it's impossible to not get swept up by the emotions on display.
Campbell's long goodbye to music and memory is astonishing... part of a farewell tour forced by Alzheimer's and each second was dramatic, swelling hearts with missed lyrics and cruelly perfect guitar licks, one thing he hadn't forgotten how to do.
...heartbreaking, surprisingly entertaining
This is a portrait of a star gaining luster even as his mortality becomes more evident.
Ultimately, I'll Be Me is both an unconventional tribute to this American icon and a deep-down cri de coeur for more research on viable ways to retard the progression of Alzheimer's and perhaps one day find a reliable cure.
A wrenching document, Glen Campbell: I'll Be Me is a painful but necessary tribute to a singular talent.
The film is as much a love story as it is a farewell.
This simultaneously heartbreaking and joyful doc provides a fitting capstone to an extraordinary musical career.
The film puts a brave, much-adored face on a disease that has touched so many families.
This film is bound to help boost Campbell's legacy as a performer and an artist, making classic tunes such as "Gentle on My Mind" and "Wichita Lineman" more indelible than ever.
It's a brave achievement, however painful and discomfiting many of the passages are to watch.
As difficult as it is to witness Campbell's struggles, especially when he forgets the names of his wife and children, "I'll Be Me" is an elevating experience, inviting the audience to bear witness to Campbell's courage, humor and spiritual strength.
Better as goodbye than hello.
Could have been an exercise in exploitation but instead is a heartfelt, moving and bracingly honest document of a famous man as he fades away.
"Glen Campbell: I'll be Me" is a gift, to its celebrated subject, who gets a final keepsake, and to its audience, which gets a ticket to our shared past and an insight into our shared future.
Alzheimer's is given an unforgettably human face here, and that face belongs to a music legend.
A rare combination of instructive and poignant.
An often moving, unflinching, cheerful and triumphant film about the progression of Alzheimer's and the power of music to slow it down
Valedictory and elegiac, Keach's film captures a performer who only truly seems to inhabit himself during the performances.
Blends intimate and unflinching medical details, poignant performance footage and a survey of its subject's place in musical history through well-chosen archival footage and interviews with other iconic performers.

@highlight

The heartrendingly honest Glen Campbell: I'll Be Me offers a window into Alzheimer's that should prove powerful viewing for Campbell fans and novices alike.