This seems smug and overindulged, with several scenes feeling like they've been improvised way past a point when that's a good thing.
Sleeping revives romantic comedy by populating it with fully fleshed-out characters. The stars are both sympathetic and charming, especially Sudeikis-who knew he had it in him after years of post-SNL comedies?
If anything, the film works best as a showcase for [Allison] Brie, who can turn on a dime from silly to serious.
Regardless of your feelings about When Harry Met Sally, make sure to put Sleeping with Other People on your watch list.
Romantic comedies are a dime a dozen, and there are some pretty good ones out there. Sleeping With Other People, while it has some entertaining elements, is not one of them.
A must see for fans of Brie and Sudeikis, but there's not enough in the film to tell the majority to rush out immediately.
Neither romantic nor comic enough to be a great romcom, but still date-night worthy.
A retrograde romantic comedy that disguises itself as a transgressive movie. [Full review in Spanish]
A film that stays in a level that isn't neither annoying nor memorable, almost like its own protagonists, Jason Sudeikis and Alison Brie. [Full review in Spanish]
Although its outcome is far from spectacular, this film is very worthy in planning and execution. [Full review in Spanish]
Somewhere along the line, somebody sanded down Headland's rough edges.
The romantic comedy has re-emerged alive and well.
A pretty simple and easy going romantic comedy that keeps you hooked by the realness of it's story. [Full review in Spanish]
...funny, sexy and wonderfully free of reflexive irony. It's exactly what a romantic comedy ought to be.
Director Leslye Headland's follow-up to Bachelorette addresses big issues like the role of sex in relationships while delivering refreshing laughs thanks to a supporting cast who make their value known; Adam Brody's cameo is a revelation.
Perhaps Headland is afraid of her films being too unlikable for audiences, or this an attempt to legitimise herself within the mainstream. Because, ultimately, why sacrifice all this smart, perceptive modernity for a finale hewn of Hollywood cliché?
Brie is bright and engaging but womanising, wisecracking Sudeikis seems awfully bland to be the object of so much desire.
Headland's script sometimes feel more like a 2015 zeitgeist-capsule than an organic piece of comedy, but the mix of sophistication and unabashed raunch has a definite light charm.
Sleeping With Other People is an updated -- and raunchier -- take on the When Harry Met Sally rom-com premise: can a man and a woman ever be best friends, or will there always be just a troublesome frisson of attraction?
Writer-director Headland's screenplay is sharply observed in places and yields a few memorable set pieces (including a brawl in a restaurant that shocks a pregnant woman into going into labour.) It is also utterly predictable in its plotting.
Of course we all know how it's going to end and the film's crushing predictability could be ignored if it raised more laughs -- but this is all over the place.
Headland's romcom may have sex on the brain but it certainly gives a couple of Hollywood's lesser lights the chance to shine.
It's all so self-consciously metropolitan, so determinedly up-to-the-minute, that even at a fairly concise hour and 41 minutes it seems too long.
Inevitably, it pretends to be edgier than it actually is, and doesn't create a sustained character development in the way Nora Ephron managed, but it's watchable for all that.
If it eventually surrenders to convention, Sleeping with Other People is still a refreshingly adult, often rule-breaking romantic comedy.
What matters is that these two brilliant, flawed people finding each other at this moment in their lives made them each more whole. Whatever happens next is beside the point.
Like "Bridesmaids" and "Trainwreck" before it, "Sleeping with Other People" is a sometimes raunchy comedy that occasionally tries too hard to shock.
The guy sat directly in front of me stood up, loudly declared to everyone that "This is the worst film I have ever seen in my entire life" and just walked out.
I wanted to really like this movie, but the laughs largely weren't there and the ultimate spiral of the movie attempted to rely on "shocking" dialogue and situations rather than actually pushing the envelope.
[Sudeikis is] fast and funny and Headland's willingness to tackle the unromantic aspects of the rom-com lends a sophistication you don't find in more anodyne examples.
Alison Brie and Jason Sudeikis [offer] performances that manage to be funny, sweet, rude, silly and uncomfortably painful, often all at once.
The whole thing is horribly conventional while still being charming and relatively entertaining, which, unfortunately, makes it way above average in this rusting, snoozing genre.
Promiscuity gets another bad rap in another good sex comedy about how the spectre of love tends to spoil the spoils of allegedly loveless nookie... A perfectly good date film.
The strong chemistry between Brie and Sudeikis makes this feel more cohesive than it actually is, but without a consistent tone underlying the jokes, it's hard to know how to react.
What makes Sleeping With Other People different, and enjoyable, is how well Sudeikis and Brie bounce off each other.
Sleeping With Other People is grounded in a reality that will resonate with anyone who has been mauled by the mechanics of modern love.
Smart, funny, sexy and very frank.
It's derivative, misconceived and in poor taste, although Jason Sudeikis and Alison Brie are so appealing that it is easy to momentarily be seduced by the film. In part, at least
Sleeping With Other People comes as a joyful surprise, simply because it keeps a cool, classy head even when it gets down and dirty with talk of sex and love and relationships.
Writer-director Leslye Headland has made a film that is saucy and sweet, for the boys and for the girls -- an R-rated Seinfeld, not that there's anything wrong with that.
Another misfire from Bachelorette filmmaker Leslye Headland...
Sleeping With Other People has plenty of bad habits, but at its core is a refreshing and sometimes downright sad look at what love can do to people, dressed up with the sweet hope of new love.
I love pretty much everything in Sleeping With Other People: Jason Sudeikis, Adam Scott, Alison Brie, Jason Mantzoukas, Amanda Peet, Andrea Savage, New York City, all of it. And yet this is a contrived, witless, utterly infuriating movie.
Screenwriter-director Leslye Headland has an ear for dialogue and offbeat characters, but the film never feels fresh or engaging.
[The] film's attempt to get serious actually pays increasing emotional dividends as it moves along.
Smart, lively, funny, raunchy, blessed with two terrific leads and a writer-director with real style. The downside? It can't entirely escape its rom-com tendencies.
Headland writes the standard-issue surplus of subplots and scene-hogging supporting characters into the script, but a loose vibe and a cast of adept improvisers push it over.
Leslye Headland has a knack for taking familiar rom-com situations and injecting into them a hardcore dose of truth. Truth can be uncomfortable, but as this movie illustrates, it can be riotously exhilarating as well.
It's hard to shake the notion that Leslye Headland wants soooo badly to make the 21st-century version of When Harry Met Sally..., but there's not nearly the same unique chemistry and relationship insight to match the raunchy jokes.
Diablo Cody on steroids
It's obvious where "Sleeping with Other People" is going; the fun is in getting there.
The words remind of a Nora Ephron- meets-Aaron Sorkin script for their quick-hit humor and rapid delivery, with maybe a Judd Apatow rewrite to add snarky raunch. It works.
Bidding and winning in first-time starring roles as romantic leads, Jason Sudeikis and Alison Brie run the table as a new-gen Harry and Sally in this overt update of the Reiner/Ephron classic.
The more honest depictions of modern love are welcome, but you can tell where this is heading early and often.
Sudeikis, Brie and a stout supporting cast make this one of the more tolerable rom-coms.
Effectively has it both ways, with its dark neuroses and naughty humor giving way to a sweet consideration of the rarity of unconditional love.
A deconstructive sweet-and-sourball of a romantic comedy...
As the film strains to be hip and clever, the fate of the characters becomes inconsequential along the way.
While most are gushing over how side-splitting Trainwreck is, Sleeping with Other People is everything that film should have been and then some. This comedy is ingeniously sentimental, unbelievably empathetic, and extraordinarily comical.
Sudeikis' smooth charisma and Brie's wide-eyed charm almost carry the film, but while Headland bravely chooses to skip certain expected rom-com beats, she also fails to earn certain rom-com payoffs.
Headland is attempting to transform the rom com genre while still working within many of its familiar conceits. The result is romantic sexual neo-noir classically cast with the theme of resistance to temptation but ultimately falling prey to it.
Headland refuses to redeem her characters, which is what makes "Sleeping With Other People" ultimately more interesting than other rom-coms.
The great Alison Brie has a breakout role in this raunchy yet very honest romantic comedy
Brie and Sudeikis make for a wonderful couple, and their eventual happily-ever-after is as satisfying as it is inevitable.
"Sleeping With Other People" is one of the best and funniest recent attempts to update the rom-com - but the container feels too antiquated for the world it captures, which is so furiously alive.
Confident, funny and heartfelt, Sleeping With Other People is an assured step for Headland, showcasing a director who understands the rom-com genre and what makes it tick.
The desperation to overdo everything ruins what might otherwise have been a charming little rom-com, with likable stars, great co-stars, and some sharp bits of dialogue.
The premise is overcooked, but the fine performances from Jason Sudeikis and Alison Brie prop up the pat script.
Barely measures up to the likes of "No Strings Attached" and "Friends with Benefits".
"Sleeping with Other People" is a modern, appealing take on the age-old tug-of-war between the friend zone and the erogenous zone.
Sleeping with Other People may take a long and winding road to get to its destination, but the destination is as conventional as we expect and fear it will be.
Ye olde let's-try-a-platonic-relationship trope gets a dirty-talking update.
If there's a way to charm us with the approach, Headland (writer of 2014's "About Last Night" update) never really finds it, squandering the appeal of leads Jason Sudeikis and Alison Brie.
As we watch changes of conscience emerge and moral comeuppance arrive, this freewheeling alternative to the standard date movie emerges as one of the year's best surprises.
It's pretty regular in terms of plot and story - the kind of thing we've seen many times before, though usually with less likable actors and without all the dirty jokes.
Why Lainey would be enamored by such a dud remains a mystery. So is the reason why Lainey would model lingerie for Jake, considering that the two are trying to keep things platonic.
The movie deftly navigates the tricky geography and timing of romance and heartbreak.
Funny and sexy and only conventional in the sense that it takes a formula and gives it energy and relevance again.
Sudeikis and Brie have an easy, heady chemistry - although it does take a bit of imagination to accept them (seven years apart in real life) as college contemporaries.
A middle-of-the-road indie piece, moments of definite inspiration interspersed with visually uninteresting camerawork and a bumpy script so occasionally misguided it makes one angry at how charming it otherwise can be.
A borderline insufferable session of joke skeet shooting.
Frank and very funny, Headland's movie isn't so much sexually explicit as sexually honest.
Even when it's dumb, Sleeping with Other People is smarter than the competition.
The romcom will never die as long as comic innovators find new veins to drain, and as long as the profane imagination of someone like Headland is so capably and entertainingly unleashed.
Just might be the most romantic and touching film about sex addiction ever.
The premise prompts much talk about sex, most of which is written in screenwriter-ese, awaiting punctuation by a laugh track.
Witty dialogue, realistic characters and situations, and spot-on performances can make any seemingly played-out genre come back to life.
Appealing stars, lots of sex in racy romcom.
Sleeping With Other People is a rare American non-homogenized rom-com, and it's delightful even when you're not sure what you're watching.
It's a smooth variation on the type of tale we've heard before, but especially with characters like these, it can still have something new to say.
A Photoshop copy of 'When Harry Met Sally,' clone-stamped and saturated.
Ms. Headland has a concept for a latter-day screwball comedy ... but she doesn't have the jokes or the emotionally textured characters that can fill in that conceit.
Though the leads lend charm and comic timing to the unpersuasive material, it would take a ground-up rewrite to make the fate of their characters matter.
While it's nice to see Sudeikis stretch from his usual comedic roles into something more heartfelt and real, the film frequently makes no sense. Even worse, it's not funny.
Leslye Headland plies her favorite subject-the sexual war between the genders-in this occasionally droll but ultimately too thin and arch confection.
It somehow makes the lusty undercurrents of its male/female friendship unironically romantic and, at times, unapologetically sexy.
Everything in this hoax is a cliché inspired by a dozen other B-movies about the same subject, from No Strings Attached with Ashton Kutcher to Friends with Benefits with Justin Timberlake.
The funny, cutting, sexy -- and, yeah, even touching -- movie manages to make their relationship a blast to watch and a regretful look at the messed-up state of modern romance.
Even when the laughs are spotty, the actors stay on point. Sudeikis is terrific. And Brie can break you up or just plain break your heart.
A sweet and candid romantic comedy that ranks as one of the more enjoyable entries in the genre in quite some time.
Sudeikis is devilish but sensitive in banter that is not necessarily one-liner jokes, but is always funny. Brie is able to be simultaneously sexual and acutely vulnerable.
Sets out to reinvent the genre only to succumb to all of the same old formulas.
The good supporting cast, particularly Natasha Lyonne and Andrea Savage, [lifts] the film above its somewhat one-note gimmick.
This is not just a rom-com for cynics but a rom-com for assholes - the kind of genre piece where the pleasant montages of fun days include Jake pushing Lainey in front of a serious jogger and people bark things like 'My love is conditional.'
If "Sleeping With Other People" was someone you met in a bar, you might buy it a drink, or two. But eventually you'd be looking at your phone or searching for a quick exit.
Headland loves rom-coms too much to overly subvert them, but she spices things up at every turn, allowing for a degree of hedonistic dirtiness that movies like this seldom get to explore.
It's a smart, flawed movie about smart, flawed people.
The movie is never quite sure what notes it wants to hit so it goes after everything.
This is exactly the kind of movie at which David Wain took aim with his sublime rom-com parody They Came Together.
If the film fulfills its duty by providing emotionally the romcom equivalent of a money shot, it delays the gratification in interesting ways.
Diving in and out of sincerity and sap, it seems really unsure of what it wants to do.
The language is frank and direct, and Headland's got a very strong hand as a director thanks to all the hard work that Headland put in as a writer first.
Despite a strong cast including Alison Brie and Jason Sudeikis, [the film] is big on misogyny, short on laughs and even shorter on believibility.
A spiky, funny, somewhat raucous affair that embraces as many rom-com conventions as it subverts.
It's hard to settle on a low point of this scumbag manifesto from writer-director Leslye Headland...
For all its gestures toward taking a more thoughtful approach toward genre tropes, it ultimately ends up conforming to them.
Although there are a handful of missteps, "Sleeping With Other People" is ultimately a satisfying charmer with a big payoff.
A much more conventional picture than Headland's debut: Sweeter, messier and far more determined to charm than to provoke.
"Sleeping With Other People" is a love letter to New York romantic comedies, or at least a well-crafted sext.
Brie is always a delight, but SLEEPING WITH OTHER PEOPLE is a fairly bland rom-com that too often brings to mind the superior WHEN HARRY MET SALLY.
Sleeping with Other People is the type of R-rated comedy you used to find a single videobox of on Blockbuster's New Release shelf, displayed right beside The Phantom Menace's 15.
Doesn't really offer anything unique or special that we haven't seen before, basically squandering its talented stars.
Rom-coms died because they weren't very rom and didn't have enough com. But "Sleeping With Other People," which is both hilarious and emotionally alive, is as delightful as a first date that crackles with possibility.
Instantly cements itself as the best romantic comedy in many years. So many, in fact, that I honestly can't remember what the last truly great one was before this.
"Sleeping With Other People" winds up both looking - with its adequate but unremarkable tech package - and often feeling like a run-of-the-mill studio comedy.

@highlight

Sleeping with Other People has likable leads and flashes of inspiration, but seems unwilling or unable to surround them with the truly subversive rom-com they deserve.