Being 17 cleverly embraces its own silliness in a way that is both reassuring and endlessly pleasurable.
Attraction and repulsion are often close cousins, especially during that confusing teenage time when hormones rage and sexual longing is mixed with self-loathing. André Téchiné's Being Seventeen captures the contradictions of this age perfectly.
Its emotional beats strike honest notes, well played by the actors in the clutch moments...Téchiné and Sciamma prove that there is, in truth, beauty, as in youth and mountain greenery, as in nature's need and human nature's desire. [Blu-ray]
Better than a Hollywood adolescent getting-laid comedy, or a socially-conscious message movie, Being 17 is so lively that watching its characters rushing through their encounters produces a rare sense of discovery.
The thin line between love and hate dissolves almost entirely in Being 17, a deeply satisfying coming-of-age and coming-out tale set at the picturesque foot of the Pyrenees by director André Téchiné.
If you can buy into the premise, good luck to you. I didn't.
The screenplay is marred by clumsy foreshadowing and other contrivances, but Téchiné and Sciamma have tapped into something genuine: the deep confusion at the dawn of sexuality.
There's a screwball complication that draws out the class differences between the boys, but their hate-love bonding comes from beating each other up, a two-boy fight club... The brute mix of emotion and sensation suits the confusion of their age.
It's a sheer delight to watch these two boys -- on their way to becoming men -- challenge and provoke each other, before they finally embrace.
Age in Being 17 comes in awkward bursts, and yet the film moves sublimely. Director Téchiné, 73 years old, is wise beyond his years.
These are characters Xavier Dolan could have a field day with - just imagine the high-pitched screaming matches bouncing off the surrounding mountain landscape. But Being 17 is quieter and sturdier than that.
What the director gets absolutely right here are those abyssal feelings and paralyzing concerns that touch everyone's life.
What elevates the film is not just its beautiful setting in the French Pyrenees but also how the beautiful mountain exteriors serve as a metaphor for characters' inner lives.
Few filmmakers have portrayed the messy reality of human desire and sexuality as consistently, as elegantly, and as powerfully as André Téchiné.
Global politics, if not pronounced in the story, are still in the air. This makes Being 17 the most perceptive movie I've yet seen to deal with Europe's contemporary turmoil as evident in its characters' moral lives.
Both young actors deliver performances of unexpected depth and complexity. When one says: "I don't know if I'm into guys or just you," it speaks volumes to the mysteries of love at any age.
Being 17 seethes with the unrestrained volatility of its adolescent protagonists and could easily be mistaken for a wunderkind filmmaker's first film.
Overwrought, confused, and melodramatic, it reflects well what it's like being 17.
Ultimately, there's a sense of just one thing after another, linked only by an overarching aura of portent that the characters themselves seem to be complicit in.
An interesting work on the expulsion of desire in the strangest ways, resulting in one of the most promising of the filmography of the director. [Full review in Spanish]
A film that delicately captures the complexities of learning. [Full review in Spanish]
If the film has a governing principle, it's that love doesn't take root in a vacuum, and its path is never perfectly straight.
A compelling French drama that enables us to savor the poignant mysteries of love, yearning, and sex.
Téchiné, despite being 70, shows a sharp eye not just for how young people of today dress and accessorize, but how they carry themselves.
Two masters of naturalism deliver a coming-of-age story that dares to let its characters chart their own paths.
A touching drama about raging hormones, bullying and sexual awakening - and the strongest film in many years by the post-New Wave French director André Téchiné.
Fila and Klein are equally good in roles that, while more predictable in outcome, benefit from small unexpected moments.
Téchiné has made one of his simplest and most elemental films, which is both Being 17's most arresting feature and its weakness.
Being 17 boldly examines the fear of letting go and giving in - the terror, in short, of becoming an adult.
Calling to mind the sullen lovers of Wong Kar-wai's Happy Together, the young men of Being 17 are more gestural than verbal. Téchiné intuitively favors movement over chatter, and he directs his young actors toward intimate, yearning performances.
A cruel and ironic reflection of what future will bring for youth. [Full review in Spanish]
Being 17 is not a perfect film, but it is a remarkably measured examination of teenage infatuation and conflicting emotions.

@highlight

Being 17 rides the roiling emotions of adolescence through a coming-of-age melodrama whose narrative turbulence smartly reflects the confusion of its protagonists.