Like the thrill-sapping hero and anti-climactic denouement, it botches the full satisfaction of adrenaline adventure.
This is a rollicking adventure film, aimed at a young audience, but still to be appreciated by adults.
Excellent music by John Williams and wonderful cinematography from Janus Kaminzki, a nice movie to be enjoyed as a family. [Full review in Spanish]
True to Spielberg, the action sequences don't let up. Tintin's adventures transition seamlessly from ocean liner to biplane to sand dunes to Moroccan streets.
[Steven] Spielberg doesn't have the deftness of Pixar's best filmmakers, but he does have a good time letting his creativity play in the new technology
I was hoping to be thrilled, and I wasn't. All the film delivers is a somewhat inhuman pastiche.
I found TinTin an unfulfilling experience at the movies.
A film with as much heart as it has humor, the action and pacing never flag and you will find yourself laughing out loud one moment and grabbing the arm rest the next.
With The Adventures of Tintin, Steven Spielberg remembers that even if you make a movie that isn't about that much, at least make it an exciting, awe-inspiring movie about not that much.
When everything is possible, nothing is amazing.
Visually triumphant and chock-full of classic Spielberg-isms -- both good and bad.
Spielberg has made his first foray into computer-generated 3D animation. He proves a natural with the form, his (virtual) camerawork dizzying but fluid, and never confusing.
The movie is fun and colorful, but it doesn't have that creative explosion needed to bring Tintin to life.
By no means a masterpiece, the full-length computer-generated animated film nevertheless has freed Spielberg from the shackles of conventional filmmaking and physical limitations.
There are so many variables moving so fast that it's a wonder Spielberg didn't have someone onboard from Princeton's department of Higher Math to help keep track. But his crack team here is enough.
It's delirious stuff, often laugh-out-loud funny.
Arguably Spielberg's most out-and-out fun movie since Jurassic Park.
It has been said that Hergé believed that Spielberg was the only one who would be able to do justice to his work, and after having spent over 25 years trying to get the film made, Spielberg has finally delivered a result that is quite extraordinary.
It isn't that The Adventures of Tintin is bad, but outside of the visuals, this film breaks no new ground for Spielberg.
If the only flaw in a film is that it's so entertaining that it liquefies your brain, we should all be thankful.
Tin Tin is a visual feast; a wondrous exploration of the boundaries of computer animation and performance capture.
This "Raiders of the Lost Ark's Greatest Hits" is a delight to look at, even if motion capture isn't your particular cup of animation tea.
You don't need to be a fan of - or indeed have more than a passing acquaintance with - the original Tintin comics to enjoy this film.
A very entertaining, energetic film, highlighted by gravity-defying action set pieces. However, Tintin is also a bit emotionless, lacking character development.
If the movie reminds you of an animated Indiana Jones adventure, don't be surprised.
Tintin's fantastic, charmingly naive little world is not well served by the epic quasi-realism of high-tech computer animation.
The best animated film of 2011.
Sure the animation is spectacular, yes Spielberg and Jackson have managed to solve the motion capture dead-eye conundrum, but be that as it may it's all for not as far as my opinion is concerned.
...more a virtual thrill ride than an old-fashioned action adventure. But while some of us will find the movie's frenetic pace exhausting, it seems that Spielberg is having fun.
Finalmente temos de volta o Spielberg que tanta falta fez nos últimos anos, quando comandou mediocridades aborrecidas como O Terminal, Indiana Jones e o Reino da Caveira de Cristal e Cavalo de Guerra.
With gorgeous animation and action typical of its director, Steven Spielberg brings a comic strip to the big screen - in 3-D, no less. 'Tintin' has a lot in common with 'Raiders of the Lost Ark' and other fanciful Spielbergian adventures.
What begins as a bracing adventure yarn for kids of all ages descends into a charmless, increasingly chaotic last half that leaves you feeling pummeled rather than energized.
Here, Tintin and pals are semi-cartoon characters careening through an unreal world. Instead of charming, intriguing, and exciting us, Spielberg and co. usually try to bowl us over.
When I say The Adventures of Tintin sent me back to a more innocent, idealized time; a moment that I wanted to share with my children, I am not talking about watching a curiously brave investigative reporter.
Along with the wondrous visuals, a rollicking adventure that careens at a breakneck speed from one death and gravity defying adventure to the next.
...a misguided, frequently overblown animated endurance test that's rarely as much fun as Spielberg has clearly intended.
[Spielberg] has used the form itself like a brand-new tool in his filmmaking kit, and the effect is exhilarating.
Rollicking good movie fun from Spielberg and Jackson.
The film is a very faithful adaptation of Herge's material.
Offers calorie-free empty thrills and one of the most impressively choreographed chase sequences ever, but doesn't really draw the audience in too much.
Unapologetically enthusiastic and simple, The Adventures of Tintin is an unpretentious, guilt-free thrill ride that finds strength in its populist, uncomplicated nature.
Not only captures the essence of Tintin's appeal but also the essence of what we recognize as the Spielberg artistic mandate.
It's a '50s B-movie-serial-style adventure with a new millenial sheen courtesy of cutting edge motion capture and CG animation.
With overtones of 'Indiana Jones' this is the best animated adventure film of the year
The action is dazzling in terms of overwhelming your senses, but it is rarely awe-inspiring; it doesn't grab you by the throat or rattle your nerves like Spielberg's best work, and it lacks his instinct for feeling.
Noisy, repetitive and obnoxious, The Adventures of Tintin's sensory overload is somehow blindingly dull. The barrage of onscreen overstimulation will keep kids glued to their seats, but won't make them care about or cherish the characters.
A highly impressive technical and visual achievement that unfortunately has very little to offer in the plot and character departments.
A bit of the old and a bit of the new make Tintin a winner.
(A) rollercoaster ride of thrills and spills, a true leap for the otherwise awkward animation type and proof that when visionaries sit behind the lens, anything can be turned into a wondrous work of art.
Spielberg, the analog stalwart, has brought out the best in this new filmmaking technology.
...as he has for over twenty films with the director, John Williams provides a brilliant score that captures the on screen story beautifully.
Spielberg's first attempt at animation is stunning
While the motion-capture process still isn't as pleasing to the eye as either old-school Disney or new-school Pixar, its employment in The Adventures of Tintin still qualifies as leaps and bounds ahead of its use in the unwieldy antecedents in this field.
Maybe the very young or those familiar with the source material will enjoy it more. Personally I was left completely unaffected by it.
The virtual world allows Spielberg to devise shots that never seem to end, tracking down impromptu zip lines as if the camera had wings. It's a gimmick, to be sure, but a glorious one.
The Adventures of Tintin is a spectacle and a half, sure, but it's not nearly as thrilling to this reviewer as were the few, precious Tintin comics of his youth.
...a worthy experiment that might enchant younger viewers but could bore older ones.
Spielberg's first animated film ever is constantly surprising for many reasons, the lack of familiarity a key one. Close behind is his conquering chronic issues of mo-cap animation, in regard to how real in appearance humans as cartoons should be.
It's exhausting and at least 10 minutes too long ... But Spielberg is able to keep you hooked with his intricately constructed chase scenes, which mesh well with the boyish aplomb of its eager young hero.
This is the Spielberg of 1941 and Indiana Jones & The Temple Of Doom, planning action scenes that will leave many feeling like they've been hit over the head.
Spielberg's use of 3-D, while never revelatory, is sufficiently concerned with giving us spectacle for our dollars that it at least manages to be distractingly big to look at.
The action grows wearisome as it grinds on, and the film becomes a succession of dazzling set pieces devoid of simple feelings.
Being completely unfamiliar with Hergé's popular illustrated stories, I came to this movie as a blank slate, with no expectations. After an imaginative opening title sequence... I was enveloped in the spirit of a rousing, old-fashioned adventure yarn.
A satisfactory but slightly poky romp, saved by marvelous, expressive animation that generates a crisp, colorful feel for the world Belgian artist Herge created so very long ago.
A frenetic bonbon with an empty center, and a movie made without any perceivable audience outside of filmmakers besotted by their own innovative processes.
While the live performers are credited and their real voices heard, there is none of the degrading with-it wisecracking so puzzingly popular nowadays.
"Tintin" has a wholesome, old-fashioned feel that will entice and entertain children as well as adults.
Seeing new moviemaking technology in the hands of a filmmaker who truly understands the language of cinema is an event that any lifelong cinephile will want to experience.
Rather than finding all this exhilarating, I found it exhausting and finally a little tedious.
The Adventures of Tintin comes at you in a whoosh, like a volcano full of creative ideas in full eruption... It hits home for the kid in all of us who wants to bust out and run free.
Hergé was the pioneer of an even-handed style of cartooning with solid lines and no shading that became known as ligne claire, but there is a decided lack of clear lines in this erratic movie adaptation of his work.
Determined purists may find reasons not to like this transition to the big screen. But if it was going to happen anyway, The Adventures of Tintin is as good as we could hope for. It's beyond reproach as family fare, equally entertaining for every age.
The main achievement of Tintin is that at least the cartoon people and pets come across as characters and not hollow, humanoid entities.
It adequately re-creates the comics' Dickensian characterization, and every frame brims with clever details. But once the action begins, Spielberg's incessant, force-fed "fun" quickly gets exhausting.
A signature Spielbergian adventure that almost makes me wish the directing great would have another crack at reviving Indiana Jones again. Almost...
Spielberg's first animated film is hampered by a fan-pandering script, and is dragged down by a boring hero who would have been better served remaining on the page.
If, like me and countless millions, Tintin kind of was your childhood, then this film will no doubt have already created a kind of panic within you: what if they screw it up? They haven't, so don't worry.
It appears that you have to go animated for Spielberg to direct like he's Spielberg.
This is probably the ugliest movie Spielberg's ever made.
Fortunately, Spielberg and Jackson are rabid Tintin fans, and it shows.
The animation is absolute terrific, hitting that sweet spot in between a near-photographic representation of reality and just enough cartoony distortion to keep things above the rim of the uncanny valley.
In many cases, the artifice of motion capture gets in the way of the story. Here, it actively compliments it.
The movie is fine as a see-it-once-and-forget-it lark. I just get the impression it was supposed to be more than that, and it isn't.
The Adventures of Tintin is stuffed with action and fun of the Indiana Jones and Pirates of the Caribbean kind.
The Adventures of Tintin is the most fun I've had in a theater all year.
Motion capture, which transforms actors into cartoon characters in a vividly animated landscape, is the technique Spielberg has been waiting for - the Christmas gift ... that he's dreamed of since his movie childhood.
Even if this hyperactive movie isn't your cup of tea, there's much to admire on-screen, including Spielberg's astonishing attention to visual detail and John Williams' jaunty score.
A 3-D adventure thriller about the quest of two greedy souls to find a lost treasure of gold.
A clamorous headache of a movie, it's hard to say who the intended audience for The Adventures of Tintin might be.
This is a movie of high adventure... and it takes the audience on a wild treasure hunt across oceans and deserts. What could be more Indiana Jones than that?
It's interesting that the villain's name is pronounced like 'saccharine' when the whole movie feels like it's made of frosting.
Spielberg's film honors Tintin's past while writing an exciting new chapter in his ongoing adventures.
The Adventures of Tintin can be a delight to look at, even if motion capture isn't your particular cup of animation tea.
The joy [Spielberg] brings to the film's action is contagious.
Tintin embarks upon great 'Adventures'
What Snow White was to the advancement of hand-drawn animation into a genuine art form, so is The Adventures of Tintin is to animation derived from motion capture and generated from a computer.
Whirlwind animated adventure is a visual treat for tweens.
I like it when I walk out of an action adventure movie with a big smile on my face.
The Adventures of Tintin showcases Spielberg at his entertaining best, a master of cinematic escapism suitable for the whole family.
Non-stop, brilliantly staged action, half Indiana Jones, half M. Hulot, with a touch of Keaton and Lloyd, turning the entire world into a giant Rube Goldberg contraption.
An early scene in which a street artist reveals a Herge portrait of Tintin calls our attention to the contrast between the wit and economy of the original drawings and the labor-intensive kitsch of the performance-capture images.
This is a dizzyingly fun adventure film that achieves the not-insignificant feat of delivering a big, 3D state-of-the-art crowd pleaser while staying true to the quirky two-dimensional charms of the original comics.
Steven Spielberg's breathless big-screen adventure rescues what otherwise has been a thoroughly lackluster year for animation fans.
Tintin is sheer fun-fun. And unlike Spielberg's other holiday film (War Horse), this won't cause any family members to run up the aisles in attendant paroxysms of grief.
"Tintin" is fast-moving and competent, but it is not the magical entertainment its pedigree has us jacked up to expect.
Winning in a rousing, let's-hunt-down-a-treasure way, once you get past - if you can - the Polar Express-style creepiness of animated figures who gaze through human-looking eyes.
The movie's liveliness is a problem -- it never lets up.
A comic book adventure without much nuance or subtlety,but those action scenes make the movie.
If I wanted to spend two hours watching a plucky kid and his feisty dog run around having adventures, I'd dig out my old "Jonny Quest" cartoons.
You probably won't be too upset that Spielberg might just forgo any further Indiana Jones adventures in favor of following up on this lively, enjoyable and highly entertaining offering (Content Review for Parents also available)
Spielberg and Jackson..find themselves trapped on the Road to Hell, paving furiously.
The relentless pace is a big part of the fun. Who ever heard of a slow rollercoaster, anyway?
Hergé's was an art of subtraction - of doing more with less - but that seems to have eluded Spielberg and Jackson.
It should win over the uninitiated, and work quite well for those who have already pitched their tents in the Tintin camp.
"The Adventures of Tintin" is an ambitious and lively caper, miles smarter than your average 3-D family film.
...the sort of throwback entertainment that made Raiders of the Lost Ark a groundbreaking blockbuster.. All that's missing is the spark, humor, romance, and the essential humanity that made Indy into an immortal screen hero.
Spielberg puts the technology to good use at times ... but the actors don't really bring anything special to the characters that a team of animators couldn't have achieved on its own.
Perhaps the technique is too skillful, for the movie feels like a trained exercise in method -- a model of excitement instead of a functioning vessel thereof.
Technically triumphant, if dramatically hollow.
Tintin is consequenceless, pretty entertainment that doesn't wear out its welcome. It's no doubt leaving that feat to its sequel.
In his first animated outing as a director, Steven Spielberg has fun with the unlimited visual possibilities.
Although I personally still find the rubber-faced, pseudo-human figures produced by this technique unsettling, the work done by Spielberg and Jackson's animation teams here is exquisite.
A curious misfire that finds Spielberg trying so damned hard to dazzle audiences with one elaborate action sequence after another that the whole experience is more exhausting than exhilarating.
I fear Spielberg and Jackson hitched their wagon to the wrong technological star here.
[Spielberg's] camera has always been effortlessly mobile, but here it swoops and soars with an unfettered freedom...
If you were expecting a bracing, thrilling Raiders of the Lost Ark, what we get here is more like a muddled, busy Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull.
I haven't seen a better animated film this year, although calling "Tintin" animation seems inadequate.
Instead of being transported by the splashy mayhem, the audience winds up feeling exhausted by the one-dimensional story and disengaged from the thinly drawn characters.
A chase through the streets of Morocco combines the best elements of Indiana Jones and Police Story into a truly transcendent, Spielbergian cinematic moment. The inner-child-reviving fun of these set pieces elevate the lacklustre scenes that pad them.
Such are the timeless joys of the books (and now the movie), this sparkling absurdity and knack for buckling swash under the worst of circumstances.
Tintin is the kind of strap-in-and-hang-on adventure that will endure.
The movement here is near-constant, and Spielberg's orchestration of action is undiminished.
exhilarating
This Tintin is a fun, zippy adventure well under two hours, and Serkis' Haddock is a marvel.
Spielberg's first venture into animation is his most delightful dose of pure entertainment since "Raiders of the Lost Ark."
Hardcore fans of the series may be satisfied and the film has been a juggernaut overseas where the source material is more popular, but I guess something is just lost in translation for this critic.
Like the screen Tintin, the movie proves less than inviting because it's been so wildly overworked: there is hardly a moment of downtime, a chance to catch your breath...
I don't know how fans of the title hero are going to take this adaptation, since I'm not familiar with the classic Hergé comic strip on which it's based, but followers of Steven Spielberg might regard it as a second-rate, animated Indiana Jones.
If you come to Tintin with preexisting affection for the franchise, it might be easier to ... overlook the dull plot, slow to develop characters and miscalculated humor
It's a visual marvel and, like the Energizer Bunny, never stops going, but in the end proves more exhausting than exhilarating.
It truly looks like nothing else -- a fully-realized use of the performance-capture medium, of a specific animation style, and of 3D technology. But the sheer mechanical brilliance of it all, while often rapturous, is also often bullying...
The film is spectacularly constructed, from intimate closeups to dizzying chase scenes. But as is often the case with this format, the motion-capture animation feels weirdly lifeless.
...exhilarating, yet disappointingly boyish.
Spielberg keeps a Hardy Boys-style innocence to the sleuthing while maintaining an Indiana Jones-type intensity for the relentless action sequences.
Tintin may be an international man of mystery who looks like a redheaded, animated Neil Patrick Harris, but he can't overcome the sense that we don't care if he succeeds.
One of the year's most pleasurable, family-friendly experiences, a grand thrill ride of a treasure hunt.
While it's essentially just another slick Spielberg action machine, it's operating effectively on all cylinders throughout.
You get the feeling Steven Spielberg had a whole lot of fun making "The Adventures of Tintin."
There's a lot going on in "The Adventures of Tintin," but precious little is really at stake.
'The Adventures of TinTin' is a good old-fashioned adventure painted in modern colors.
Like the jokes and frenetic action, the entire movie is juvenile.
Fleet and thrilling and as boundlessly energetic as its hero, The Adventures of Tintin is Steven Spielberg's most purely joyful film in at least a decade.
In some ways it recalls Spielberg's Indiana Jones adventures, though more manic, if you can imagine such a thing.
Had The Adventures of Tintin been a live motion picture rather than a motion capture-driven animated endeavor, it would have been compared to Raiders of the Lost Ark and Pirates of the Caribbean.
The less serious of Steven Spielberg's two 2011 holiday films is a splashy animated adventure that shows the director returning to the kicky period thrills of Raiders of the Lost Ark.
The film also earns points for being the least creepy motion-capture movie I've ever seen...
After all the expectation, this Tintin feels strangely flat and lifeless. A War Horse it is not.
Astonishing is the only word for the motion capture-delivered world of Tintin, a splendid adventure that has all the classic elements
The film is breathtaking, with nicely developed and accessible characters, an inventive script enabling a never-ending stream of innovative ideas that are executed with sophistication
Steven Spielberg's terrific, fun-filled, state-of-the-art photorealistic 3-D motion-capture animation, laying groundwork for a sequel to be directed by Peter Jackson.
Fans of the original may find a few of their memories spoiled but most should find this a great interpretation and a riotously entertaining film in its own righ
The film "stars" real actors who were buffered with a computery glow in post production, but look into their eyes and you see something eerily un-human.
Spielberg takes full advantage of not only CG's anything-goes potential but also of 3D.
I've barely even glanced at a Tintin comic, and what I saw looked more like The Adventures of Rubber Boy and Captain Boring.
Today the Tintin movie resembles an homage to Raiders of the Lost Ark but if you've created the greatest unintentional homage to a work of art, then don't do the real thing.
Tintin is exhausting, and, for all its wonders, it wears one out well before it's over.
Steven Spielberg's The Adventures of Tintin is a wittily kineticized adaptation of the internationally loved comic books.
Steven Spielberg ditches the anchor which is George Lucas and teams up with Peter Jackson and his WETA funhouse for The Adventures of Tintin: The Secret of the Unicorn, a magnificently made action adventure filled with spirit but lacking soul.
Steven Spielberg's faithful adaptation of the Herge comic books about Tintin, the journalist and boy detective, is the best example yet of the motion capture process.
The very nature of motion-capture technology defines what is so right and also just a little bit wrong with The Adventures of Tintin: The Secret of the Unicorn.
A brisk, charming, enjoyable romp.
109 minutes of straight-up action-adventure, Indiana Jones-style, gorgeously rendered in mo-capped 3D and staged with typical brio and top-notch craftsmanship by Spielberg.
akribeia kai maestria poy ksepernioyntai monaxa ap' to ntelirio toy dhmioyrgikoy pyretoy poy metamorfwnei thn othonh sthn pemptoysia toy palioy, kaloy, ekstatikoy Spielberg-ikoy sinema
[VIDEO] "The Adventures of Tintin" is full of laughs, and contains some of the best animation ever put up on the big screen.
I think working in animation has set Spielberg free in a way I'm not sure we've ever seen from him before.
An interesting (and sometimes aggravating) mix of what made Hergé's stories so pleasurable with Steven Spielberg's knack for big budget action epics.
[Tintin's] on-screen boy wonder visage here is that of a teenager who has had botox on top of a face lift. ( ... ) In this guise, he resembles how Simon Pegg could look if he, too, had been moulded under a blow torch by a skilled plastic surgeon.
It's fairly enjoyable, rather bland, less fun dramatically and graphically than the Hergé comics.
Spielberg and Jackson will have no trouble selling the sequel to us as they have captured our imaginations with a serviceable Tintin introduction.
It's an unusual way to bring a childhood thing to life, to make a movie that contains no life.
The formal ingenuity is often breathtaking. This, though, is not a movie that tugs at the emotions in any way.
A breathlessly entertaining romp, littered with eye-popping action set pieces that would simply be unthinkable - not to mention astronomically expensive - as live action.
As with so many of Spielberg's blockbusters in the past 20 years, this one boasts technical innovation yet falls back on the most conservative kind of storytelling.
A thoroughly enjoyable old-fashioned adventure.
This is the ugliest film ever made.
For all the surface fizz, there is something flat and robotic and a little bit aimless about this Tintin.
we miss Indy's rough-edged roguishness in the clean-cut, strait-laced Tintin, whose flatness of character no amount of state-of-the-art stereoscopic imagery can fully conceal.
Yes, this film looks amazing. It also borrows enjoyably from Spielberg's entire back catalog.
All these impressive names. All this talent. And what did they do? They remade Raiders of the Lost Ark. Not really, of course... Raiders... had personality... soul. Tintin has motion-capture CGI...
Impressively directed, beautifully animated and superbly written, this is a hugely enjoyable, frequently funny fast-paced adventure with thrilling set pieces, great characters and a witty script.
Kids will enjoy the day-glo pyrotechnics and mums and dads can revel in some of the most impressive CGI spectacle committed to celluloid.
Like the first episode of a sitcom you know you'll grow to love, this feels very much like the first part of a franchise that could run and run.
Displaying the kind of giddy-as-a-schoolboy energy that made the first three Indiana Jones films such a joy, this is a family-oriented blockbuster made with the kind of heart, passion, wit and visual inventiveness that Spielberg's name used to guarantee.
Tintin never registers on an emotional level, but this doesn't make it any less of a cinematic marvel.
Bound to spawn many sequels, this collaboration with co-producer Peter Jackson will set off massive fireworks at ticket windows around the world.
Wonderful collaboration: Jackson brings his dazzling technical skills and Spielberg his elegant and fluent narrative mode, resulting in a charming, meticulously made animation that takes full advantage of 3D and state of the art F/X.
It has a light touch, a brisk pace and considerable charm, perfect family fare for casual viewers.
There are breathtaking chases, cliff-hanging suspense and fearless derring-do, all of which give the action the same giddy, helter-skelter dash Spielberg brought to Raiders of the Lost Ark.
With its dizzying spectacle and fast-paced action, The Adventures of Tintin is top notch entertainment and miles ahead of its performance capture predecessors in its wit and visual sophistication.
It's hard to imagine how Belgian creator Herge would be anything other than thrilled.
While this may not be the perfect Tintin adaptation, it's nevertheless an entertaining one; a film that honours the charm and spirit of the books, and one that should please fans and newcomers alike.
A bundle of fun so ludicrously joyful it makes the birth of a newborn child look like the mass self-immolation of a thousand screaming orphans.
Only the combined forces of director Steven Spielberg and computer-generated 3D animation could create such a spectacle.
A film which, in both its rip-roaring, globe-trotting narrative and its visceral dedication to pure white-knuckle thrills, is the true successor to his original 'Indy' trilogy.
A springy, souped-up entertainment whose ample boy's-own pleasures hew far closer to the original Indiana Jones template...
Spielberg has fashioned a whiz-bang thrill ride that's largely faithful to the wholesome spirit of his source but still appealing to younger, Tintin-challenged auds.
It's a hugely enjoyable action adventure packed with swordfights, chases, great characters and snappy dialogue.
Spielberg's opening foray into the timeless world of Hergé's amiable hero does enough to whet our appetite for a second, even if it's far from perfect
While the big set pieces are often exuberantly handled, the human details are sorely wanting. Hergé achieved more expression with his use of ink-spot eyes and humble line drawings than a bank of computers and an army of animators were able to achieve
Serving up a good ol' fashioned adventure flick that harkens back to the filmmaker's action-packed, tongue-in-cheek swashbucklers of the 1980s, Steven Spielberg's The Adventures of Tintin: The Secret of the Unicorn is a visually dazzling adaptation.
Action-packed, gorgeous, and faithfully whimsical: Hergé thought Spielberg the only director capable of filming Tintin. He was onto something.
Famously, Hergé said that Spielberg was the only director capable of successfully bringing his creation to the big screen. That probably remains true. But this film hasn't done it.
Spielberg has crafted a fantastical 3D adventure which is by turns visually stunning, thrilling, sophisticated, silly, and a whole lot of fun.
Like the 3D, an adventure that's serviceable but doesn't reach out and grab you as often as you'd expect. Frenetic to a fault, it'll divert the under-10s; older viewers may feel there's not enough lift in the quiff.
Think of "The Adventures of Tintin" as a song of innocence and experience, able to combine a sweet sense of childlike wonder and pureness of heart with the most worldly and sophisticated of modern technology.

@highlight

Drawing deep from the classic Raiders of the Lost Ark playbook, Steven Spielberg has crafted another spirited, thrilling adventure in the form of Tintin .