Endearing "follow your dreams" story with plenty of laughs.
The movie's admirable theme, that there are things more important than profit, comes across under the virtuoso visuals that peak when endless falling dominos turn into a veritable ocean of the little black blocks being surfed by a robot.
A computer-generated animated adventure featuring few product placements, which is quite a departure from the norm for such children's fare.
full review in Greek
A fun ride with plenty of laughs, excitement and touching moments about living out your dreams no matter your make, model or build.
... in a world populated by living machines, not a single soul can be found...
Priceless special effects of the cast talking about doing the voices of these mechanical 'bots with a heart...
Although Robots has great animation, wonderful visual invention, and a few clever jokes, it has no compelling characters or story to hold them together.
"Robots" is fraught with silly one-liners, plot contrivances and predictable solutions. There's nothing for mature minds except toilet humor.
If only they had taken another year to create a story worthy of the design!
What makes Robots enjoyable is its constant whimsy, the clever visual and verbal puns the animators make, filling every scene with blink-and-you-miss-'em gags.
Does not suffer from Shark Tale syndrome; instead a good story with a good message and great performances.
The story holds it back from the "classic" status... All the same, Robots is cute and colorful. Kids will love it and parents will be entertained enough not to mind.
Far more interested in yelling 'look what we can do!' than in developing any of its characters or livening up its recycled story.
The film is very imaginative and you need to see it several times to appreciate the humor.
Mechanically solid, and that's all most youngsters will care about.
This giddy exposition is polished in its nostalgic atmospheric look but has been assembled with the simplistic precision of piecing together a Tonka toy truck
Cleverly clanky and colorful.
The subject of robots is reduced to a cute story rather than being motivated by a substantial theme.
A technically fine looking yet dull-as-drill-bits movie whose busy animation creates 90 minutes of chaos onscreen.
An innate awareness that generating underarm faux flatulence is difficult when you're made of metal, but not impossible, is just the spirit we need to see more often.
...overprogrammed.
Though it takes a while to find its (ball) bearings, Robots is a consistently inventive visual experience.
Amazingly, even the presence of two of the funniest human beings on earth, Williams and Brooks, doesn't help.
The first of this year's CG treats.
The tin-bucket robots characters are just as robotic in personality as they are in form, thus they never come across as being particularly interesting or sympathetic.
The story is predictable, mediocre and clichéd, but visually, the film is marvelous.
McGregor makes a solid lead but the standout is Amanda Bynes as Piper, who steals almost every scene she's in - she should do more voiceover work.
Another pile of junk on Hollywood's ever-growing scrap heap.
A computer-animated kiddie film built from spare parts.
When a film's primary source of pleasure comes from sights half-hidden in the background, there's something terribly amiss.
Along with its computer-animated thrill rides, Robots' tin men and ladies really do have a heart.
É um alívio constatar que ainda há realizadores que sabem utilizar a tecnologia não como um fim em si mesma, mas como mera ferramenta para dar vida à imaginação dos artistas.
While the story is flat and the characters are boring, Robotssucceeds as a nice, Marxist cartoon.
Una fantasía con las tuercas bien aceitadas. Fastuoso estilo visual.
Lacks all the magic of ICE AGE. The film is entertaining but it is definitely second-rate as current animated features go. It has some good ideas, but overall it tanks.
The movie's breakneck pace proves to be its biggest drawback.
Robots is a corporate product, after all -- but a sleek one.
That Robin Williams sure is something else! He is the perfect goofball sidekick to the soft-spoken, thoughtful Ewan McGregor in this delightful adventure.
The creators of "Robots" deserve a solid "A" in this effort......
I wouldn't scrap the whole thing, but an upgrade on some parts probably would have been a wise investment.
Robots displays a tin ear for endearing characters and storytelling
Robots has the nuts-and-bolts basics of quality computer animation and family fun, even if the script lacks a certain polish.
A Transformer of a kids' movie that reconfigures itself into a literal depiction of the idea that Big Money wants to throw the old, rusty and broken onto the scrap heap.
Robots overcomes the script weaknesses like so much sand in the gears - and proves itself to be a well-oiled entertainment machine.
There's no story here. It has a kind of an interesting look. It's sweet and it's just not funny at all. The jokes are very tired.
Joins 'Bicententennial Man' as another reason for Robin Williams to stay away from robot movies.
A strangely muted color scheme gives the movie a rather dull look. Its script is similarly uninspired.
...innocent, charming, colorful and vibrant, and made all the more rich by a narrative plunge that engages audiences of several ages
Robots is more than a load of spare parts, but there are some sprockets and rivets missing.
Uniquely suited to computer-generated animation, and the filmmakers have paid particular attention to character detail like dents, rust and chipped paint.
Dazzling set-pieces keep things ticking over.
The movie can be funny in fits, but too often the scripters go for the obvious and uninspired.
Finally, a smart, funny movie that's family friendly!
I sat in my seat for 90 minutes enthralled by the look of the film and laughing continually at the endlessly clever jokes. Robots is wonderful family entertainment.
'Robots' isn't a joyless experience, but the thought, effort and expense that went into casting Jay Leno as a fire hydrant might have been better placed elsewhere.
But who am I kidding? I'm tired of kids films intent on pushing boundaries visually only to leave their screenplays as a non-important afterthought, masking problems with bouncy pop songs and a plethora of big-time celebrities in cameo roles.
...an enjoyable waste of time
Kids will probably like it more than adults but this is a film that, for the most part, parents will be able to enjoy rather than endure.
If its story line isn't exactly novel -- a dreamer son sets off for the Big City to fulfill his destiny and make his poor parents proud -- its look is hypnotically visionary.
A film with the soul of a pinball machine.
... boasts some of the same antic slapstick that made Ice Age such frosty fun, [but] this new animated feature represents a quantum leap forward in both heart and art.
Moves along at an entertaining, if increasingly familiar clip.
As miraculous as the setting is and the realization of Wedge's vision, the story fails to really engage on any level save the kinetic.
The innovative look is undercut by the predictable story and a drawn-out, overblown ending.
A well-calibrated piece of entertainment.
Feels shopworn and rote.
Will keep adults amused while the kids focus on Robot City's highway system.
The visuals have so much intrinsic motion that it's too bad Robots is oppressively rollercoasterish.
If you're looking for another Toy Story, with its winning combination of winking innocence, witty storytelling and wondrous virtual reality, you won't find it in Robots.
The script from Lowell Ganz and Babaloo Mandel, which provides enough sophistication, wit and, yes, a token flush of bathroom humor, to appeal to all age ranges.
For an animated movie accompanied by its own line of Burger King toys and sugary breakfast cereal, Robots certainly provides a lot of Kafkaesque moments for the kiddies.
Robots shows its concept wheels very obviously, but it is entertaining, visually spectacular, and in a few moments (like a scene with millions of ball bearings) beautiful.
Often funny and technically impressive.
Visually spectacular and never less than amusing.
A collection of thrill rides and chase sequences, and rapid-fire gags.
The wittiest and most ambitious computer animated toon to ever come from somebody other than Pixar.
Clever and charming.
It may not shatter any molds, but it clicks along in a genial, spirited manner.
The sophistication of its humor is at the level of The Simpsons, and the computer animation is a wonder.
For a movie that rails against the notion of creative artists toiling amid corporate gloom, Robots often feels calculated and mass-produced.
If Shrek was Raging Bull and The Incredibles was Million Dollar Baby, Robots is one of the Rocky sequels.
Cute, clangy, hyperactive, really shiny, completely inorganic (except for the flatulence jokes) and totally hermetic.
A trip worth taking, even if it doesn't go anywhere particularly, gleamingly new.
The story doesn't go in any unexpected directions, but with such fabulous visuals ... it doesn't have to.
Robots is most like Polar Express. It may represent a new zenith for computer animation, but the uninspired story drags the film into obsolescence.
Robots is often dazzling to look at and has the requisite items for a ripping tale of good versus evil, but for this viewer, it just wasn't that easy to warm up to metalheads.
Robots seems designed for children with short attention spans, bombarding them with colour and movement and throwing in some ideas just for good measure.
Packed with unexpected charms.
Software has rarely made hardware look as attractive as it does in Robots.
Fine, if you don't mind a few kinks.
Fully entertaining and visually astonishing if a bit spare in the story department, Robots is nonetheless a 100-percent guaranteed kid-pleaser that will also bowl over adults.
Even when the jokes are so predictable the punch lines seem preprogrammed, there is inevitably some visual business to keep us occupied, and to keep Robots merrily clanking along.
This thinly scripted but brilliantly animated comedy feels as clunky and mechanical as its characters.
Despite the presence of some finely tooled parts, the new animated feature Robots lumbers under the weight of a story that might have rolled off a Hollywood assembly line.
Nothing but net.
Robots, while technologically cool, isn't aimed at children, but rather at the larger humans who hang out with them.
Children should enjoy it without reservation.
Like Finding Nemo, this is a movie that is a joy to behold entirely apart from what it is about.
Director Chris Wedge has made progress since Ice Age. His new picture is shorter, sharper and better cast vocally.
A funny, vividly made technorama that is always splendid to look at.
While the intelligence level is definitively family-friendly, it only occasionally manages to rise to the heights of current Pixar benchmark The Incredibles.
a satisfying follow-up to 'Ice Age,' the 2002 smash that put Wedge's Blue Sky Studios on the map.
Robots is brilliant and warm family fun! The animation is eye-poppingly beautiful!
Though adults will yawn and stretch, the kiddies will like it. And that's the important thing.
This is the way things tend to go in Robots: boys go forth and girls stand by.
It's not high-brow science fiction, and I'm okay with that.
...there wasn't much about the film that stuck with me as I walked out of the theater...
Possibly recommendable if there isn't anything better (i/e anything from Pixar) playing."
For a movie that supposedly values people's character over their appearance, it's ironic that the only thing memorable about Robots is how wonderful it looks.
Robots is packed with so many funny cultural references and movie tributes you'll forgive the thin plot that starts to squeak slightly in its final third.
Robots breaks no new ground, just wind. If this marginally entertaining yarn makes any new strides, it's in ... robot-ily function toilet humor.
What else suggests a complete surrender of effort, imagination, and skill better than an extended flatulence joke between all the metallic characters?
A gem of pacing, humor and fun... for those of you keeping score, that's exactly how a movie should be made.
...the weakest computer animated film to come along since the birth of the format ten years ago...
Robots is a dazzling visual spectacle that will delight children of all ages. I guess I'm the only one who wonders why as much care and cleverness can't go into the script and the characters and the plot as go in to those dazzling visuals.
A frolicsome and endlessly creative animated feature.
Despite minor quibbles, I felt great joy while discovering a whole new animated world in 'Robots.'
Clever rather than heartfelt. Still, it's a high grade of clever, and I enjoyed it a lot.
How can something so richly ambitious in look and design be so unambitious in personality?
This lively and visually striking animated comical romp succeeds simply because it remembers its story and characters.
If it's not high art, Robots' buoyant tone eventually overwhelms you and wins you over.
It feels like they sat around thinking of robot-world gags and neglected everything else.
a cute, funny, heartwarming movie with great visual effects
Like the chrome chassis its villains so ruthlessly hawk, there's a lot of empty space underneath that sparkling shine.
As animation, it's brilliant. If only the story was as sharp.
....clever writing, ingenious throwaway sight gags, in-jokes galore, good messages and cute characters
Itself seems recycled...as far as these kinds of movies go, it's mediocre--sporadically amusing but never hilarious, and curiously flat despite all the frantic motion.
Just like its endearing hero, this movie is assembled from hand-me-down parts but it has so much heart that it becomes irresistibly fresh and downright adorable.
What was the point in Ewan McGregor doing an American accent? A well known Scottish voice imitating a generic American? Just get Frankie Muniz and save the money.
I'm hard-pressed not to recommend Robots as an energetic family-movie distraction...[but] plotting is...mechanical.
Technically, the film is a triumph.
A visual delight.
Robots isn't a home run, but it's a solid double.
...a fun little film with some good moments...
A reminder that when it comes to innovative animated entertainment for all ages, there is Pixar, there is Japan and there is everybody else.
The visuals are spectacular at times, but the screenplay is trite, intermittently vulgar, and just not funny.
The animation, and the creation of a world populated entirely by mechanical people, is impressive, but the plot is non-existent and the all-too-distant characters blend together in a mass of clanking gears and creaky sight gags.
A blast of fun for the whole family, Robots is a clean and precision-tuned entertainment machine.
The first 20 minutes of Robots are wonderful. Then, Robin Williams shows up and sucks the life out of it.
Older kids should enjoy the roller-coaster ride of near constant action. For the 6-and-younger set, there are a few well-timed bodily-function jokes to get them belly laughing a few times.
The picture feels less like the carefully thought-out stories of animated movies such as Finding Nemo and Shrek than a stand-up comedy routine with illustrations.
Deserves two separate grades - a perfect four-star mark for its breathtaking computer animation and a mediocre two-star mark for its tasteless humor.
Robots looks custom-designed but feels factory-assembled.
Robots is in high gear from start to finish.
The film is suffused with clever visual ideas but on a storytelling level, Robots is in dire need of an upgrade.
Un film d'animation coloré, léger et très amusant.
Doesn't contain a whole lot to grasp onto and take away with you, but it's pleasurable and bright and inoffensive while it lasts.
Despite the occasional dent, Robots emerges as a compelling bit of comic clockwork.
Nimble and imaginative.
...with Robin Williams and Mel Brooks bringing their individuality to the front of the assembly line, Robots succeeds as an eye-popping visual feast with heart.
Brisk, funny and smart about its themes without going too far. What doesn't compute are strained fart jokes and the mania of Robin Williams. He should be outmoded.
It is what the film's lacking - characters or real drama - that keeps it from becoming something better.
a lot of fun, I just wish that these tin men had a bit more heart.
A picture made by artists who have some imagination wrestling with a screenplay by professional hand-crankers Lowell Ganz and Babaloo Mandel that doesn't have any.
Robots isn't so much a movie as it is a wild theme park ride disguised as a feature film.
Parents do talk to each other and word will spread...this one is good!
Long after androids have rebelled against human subservience and destroyed us all, predictable stories and sugar-sweet endings will live on.
Basically a bunch of recycled gags from Matt Groening's woefully under-appreciated Futurama.
if you miss out on Robots this year, you're missing out on a lot
...most of these robot gags were already done, and better, on TV's Futurama.
Futuristic cityscapes animated to cutting-edge perfection and a narrative paced like a well-oiled machine.
The movie bops along with a happy, jumping, kinetic vitality. Is it a coincidence that R2-D2 looks as if he would fit right in with the misfit bots?
Robots more or less confirms that production studio Blue Sky is likely to be remembered as the Jan to Pixar's Marcia and PDI's Cindy.
With its expensive but largely characterless voice cast and an off-the-shelf follow-your-dreams plot...Robots is lucky to have spectacular production design...
Despite a script with more second-hand parts than many of its title characters, Robots inspires sufficient wonderment to impress as spectacle.
Dazzling landscapes feature Rube Goldberg contraptions and visual gags that turn our world on its head.
Shares more in common with an average episode of Scooby Doo than it does with Monster's Inc.
Wonderfully entertaining! Visually tantalizing! Musically upbeat! A modern animation with the spirit of The Wizard of Oz and Willy Wonka.
A smart, snappy energy to the dialogue that gives the film a zesty flavor rarely found in the genre.
Witty, smart, and neither written down nor schmutzed up in order to appeal to a particular demographic. . . the writers have given themselves over to pure sense of fun.
Robots is everything an animated feature should be.








@highlight

Robots delights on a visual level, but the story feels like it came off an assembly line.