The fun kicks in whenever Simon Pegg's around, but when he's not, the film - and the audience - suffers somewhat.
This is wrung-out neo-noir with no true blackness left intact, like a soggy heap of faded laundry.
The true star is Brazilian actress Alice Braga (City of God, I Am Legend).
Kriv Stenders' latest effort, Kill Me Three Times, is a lazy Tarantino film which uses a non-linear timeline to cover up a lacklustre story.
It has fun with convention through effective pacing and character trajectories that often don't stay where cliché and preconception guess.
...the movie improves immeasurably as it progresses into its everything-goes-south third act...
Twisty dark comedy is quite violent and not very funny.
Kill Me Three Times is a perfectly enjoyable, no-frills crime movie that benefits from a pretty though out-of-place location and some solid performances.
Kill Me Three Time isn't even worth a single viewing.
The overwrought script strains to be hip and clever and instead winds up smug and exhausting.
A tale of mistaken killers and coincidence becomes tediously tangled in Kriv Stenders's Kill Me Three Times, a suicidal experiment with narrative.
This film is full of missed opportunities, regrets, and bad decisions, and I'm not just talking about the characters in this half-cocked story.
Despite the derivative nature of the film, there are still things to enjoy.
Just standard-issue creeps going through their various nefarious motions, wasting a host of good actors in the process.
Kriv Stenders has assembled a talented cast, all of whom make for engaging scenes, taken one at a time; sadly, screenwriter James McFarland has given them a plot so joylessly convoluted that they're left floundering.
Everything you need to know about the atrocious Australian crime thriller "Kill Me Times" can be summed up in a guitar riff.
How do you cast Simon Pegg in a movie and then do virtually nothing with him?
All participants could have gotten up to something far more enjoyable.
"Kill Me Three Times" has the right idea, but it's missing some crucial levels of escalation, often caught playing cute when it should be downright evil.
Not a great film. Or particularly good. In fact, it's fairly bad as B-movies go.
The director, Kriv Stenders, arranges bodies in spaces without distinction, but he does show a curious fondness for shots of moving cars. It's an image he returns to so many times that you wonder if he was as eager to get out of here as you are.
It's got a terrific cast and a quirky sensibility to it, but there's something that feels like a misfire. The movie tries to straddle the line between R-rated violent crime thriller and dark comedy, and as such, doesn't quite succeed at either.
"Kill Me Three Times" works overtime to seem unique and clever. The result, however, is a derivative, gimmicky, at times dizzying puzzle that fails to engage.
Pegg's a pleasure, but elsewhere "Kill Me Three Times" is never as clever as it wants to be.
An Australian crime yarn with a solid cast and tone, but not enough freshness - or enough of Pegg's waggishness - to be memorable.
"Kill Me Three Times" is a true ensemble film that gives all of its many characters equal shrift in a comic book way, with Simon Pegg's Charlie the glue that binds the stories.
...despite an interestingly assembled cast and the unique location of Eagles Nest, Australia, Stenders' film is akin to watching someone move chess pieces around a board.
The film isn't enough fun to recommend on its own terms, with its sloppy construction and so little in the way of stylistic flourishes.
This Australian movie reminds you what can happen when directors pretend to be Quentin Tarantino, complete with snark masquerading as style, slippery timelines, blood and guts and guns everywhere.
In his latest film, Kill Me Three Times, Pegg plays hitman Charlie Wolfe, a character who's neither menacing nor mercurial; he's just boring -- and that's a crime.
If anything this is a sad drama about [Simon Pegg] struggling to fun up a Tarantino knockoff that's arrived 20 years too late.
The story line moves ahead, backward and sideways in three separate chapters that generally set up enough surprises to give viewers, and the characters, banana-peel concussions.
Although "Kill Me Three Times" includes a few murders, it does nothing to justify its title. Mostly, it just shoots itself in the foot, over and over.
It's nice to see Pegg stretch a little and play the bad guy. Too bad "Kill Me Three Times" doesn't give him better material.
Kill Me Three Times had the potential to be better, [but] it never once makes good on that promise.
It's too listless to even qualify as a proper Tarantino knockoff, and each faux-retro strum on the soundtrack starts to feel like a burden.
Taped onto VHS, Kill Me Three Times could pass for a forgotten Pulp Fiction knockoff
Kriv Stenders's film is unashamed to resurrect the laziest tropes of the Tarantino rip-offs that once clogged the shelves of every Blockbuster in the land.
Although it picks up a bit of steam in the third act, the film will feel like a waste of time much earlier in the runtime.
The film fails to engage the audience in the action onscreen, and [its] laughs aren't jolly enough to compensate.
Neither particularly funny nor especially clever, Kill Me Three Times is mostly just nasty.
This is the kind of flick that you can catch on Netflix and maybe find a few moments to entertain yourself, but nothing more.
Amusing, a bit on-the-nose and self-consciously clever, but it never outsmarts itself
The affectionate humanism that typically laces Simon Pegg's postmodern self-awareness is missing from Kriv Stenders's film.
A circle of lowlifes gradually kill one another off to no great effect in the dull and woebegone comic noir Kill Me Three Times.
It doesn't play things overly grim or dark or act like this is about something deeper. It's a game, and a well-played one.
One feels that Stenders tried to create an Australian version of a Quentin Tarantino film while forgetting to add the snappy dialogue or the colourful characters.
Feels like poser noir all the way, never achieving the darkly comic flair or freshness of style needed to sell its fatalistic twists.
From the electric guitar on the soundtrack to the predictable duplicitous nature of practically every single character, "Kill Me Three Times" kills all the fun by the time you reach the halfway point.
Maybe if McFarland, or director Kriv Stenders had tried to make Kill Me Three Times half as interesting as King cast it, you wouldn't watch it feeling bored, bored, bored the whole time.
Squanders a talented cast, sharp visuals and spectacular locations on a grisly trail of mayhem that rarely yields much mirth.
Cue 90 minutes of dutiful twisting and turning, crossing and bloody double-crossing, but not one moment of actual surprise.
An Aussie crime caper that's full of familiar faces plays a familiar humdrum tune. And also an atrocious score.

@highlight

Kill Me Three Times offers Simon Pegg an opportunity to play against type as a villain; unfortunately, its derivative storyline fails to offer much of anything to viewers.