Greg spoke like a self-congratulatory 30-year-old novelist. At the start, he says: "I made a film so bad, it nearly killed someone." I didn't realise that someone would be me.
Bernthal's history teacher gives a monologue about continuing to learn about loved ones long after they're gone that is beautifully written and delivered.
It doesn't get off to the strongest start but improves rapidly, thanks largely to the low-key but nicely winning performances delivered by Thomas Mann and R J Cyler as teenage buddies and amateur film-makers Greg and Earl.
Dying Girl has all the trappings of a twee nightmare, but it's a deeply moving film.
As well as being one of the most sickeningly overrated films of the year, Me and Earl and the Dying Girl is one of the worst.
[Cinematographer] Chung Chung-hoon invests ordinary teenage bedrooms and suburban high-school cafeterias with a magic and mystery that don't disguise the film's shortcomings--but sure make them easier to forgive.
Earl's story, a cinema-loving black kid from the mean streets of Pittsburgh, is a film I would actually like to see. But no such luck -- it's the wiener white boy and his precious film project that gets most all the attention
Despite its significant failings, Me and Earl and the Dying Girl still left me hopeful. Perhaps I'm just twentieth-century enough to be pleasantly surprised by young people who are really trying to say and make things of substance.
[Alfonso Gomez-Rejon's] directing of Me and Earl and the Dying Girl is crackling with invention, high spirits, and love of the movie.
Rachel's dying isn't really about Rachel at all. It's about Greg. In fact, everything that happens in the film is about Greg.
Although a touch too hip at times, and twee at others, Me and Earl is a sharply observed teenage drama and a real delight.
Its Sundance buzz wears off well before the end credits roll.
This delicate movie elevates itself from the usual run-of-the-mill schooldays saga with a script that is one part funny, one part tragic and all parts thoroughly human.
There is whimsy, but also a grounded realism in the idea that life is a journey and not always a smooth one.
Me and Earl and The Dying Girl is a film that shows that behind the director, there is a new voice with a lot of talent. [Full Review in Spanish]
Directed by Alfonso Gomez-Rejon with remarkable control, creativity and fervor, the film is equal parts a homage to classic cinema and a heart-wrenching romantic comedy with earned emotion.
If only we all cared as much
Me and Earl & the Dying Girl is a superb tearjerker that skilfully captures the vulnerability that comes with intimacy and the bittersweet inevitability of life and death.
It relies on smart writing, clever ideas, terrific cinematography and rich, complex characters who are inhabited by three superb young actors, as well as a cast of crafty veterans in the supporting roles.
There's plenty to like here, but the movie focuses on the least interesting person on the screen, a curious choice considering we're talking life and death.
I found myself relishing the skill of the cast and laughing at the sharply turned dialogue while wincing at the self-consciousness of the storytelling and the self-congratulatory pop-culture references.
Somewhere along the way Earl eases up on the suburban-Wes Anderson whimsy and starts to find its heart, infusing the story's self-conscious cleverness and trick-shot set pieces with something sweeter, sadder, and even a little bit profound.
Poignant without being melodramatic, overflowing with unforced charm, Me and Earl and the Dying Girl holds a unique appeal that's certain to last.
As written by Jesse Andrews, based on his own novel, Greg and Earl are cast as extreme loners, although the friendship with Rachel makes them aware of the necessity of connecting with others. In the end, that's more than enough.
The filmmaking from Alfonso Gomez-Rejon is hyper-stylized and a bit wonky at times, with a few odd security camera angles thrown into the mix. But it's also energetic and mostly fun to watch, especially the glimpses of their "awful" movies.
Pretty good.
There are some things about it that bothered me, so I have mixed feelings. However, the strong acting, directing and the inventive cinematography by Chung-hoon Chung ('Oldboy') is just too good to knock.
Every time I thought this movie was going to disappoint me with something clichéd or too sentimental, I was, instead, surprised by its cunning and self-awareness.
What it does better than many of the other sentimental youth comedies it's linked with, is hide its gooey moments better than they could.
The movie stays aways from sentimentalism about the main character's condition, giving us a heartbreaking film full of emotion. [Full review in Spanish]
This is the meta teen cancer film, a story about a tragic disease but also about movies that are about tragic diseases.
The film and the performers grow on us... and the production values are solid (why haven't more filmmakers employed the deep music catalog of Brian Eno?). It all ends with a good, guilt-free cry.
Far from falling into the emotional manipulation territory, the film makes use of a great sesnse of humor and manages to create heartfelt moments. [Full review in Spanish]
Me and Earl has a powerful, moving and aching heart at its center. It's not a textbook "coming of age" film, but it is a magnificent essay on the nature and value of friendship.
True to the first-person pronoun of its title, this is an ode to adolescent self-absorption, presented as a not entirely flattering depiction of Greg's self-centered and over-dramatized vision of his narrow teenage world.
A very well done film that's smart, fresh and treats teenagers like actual human beings. [Full review in Spanish]
A lovely romantic teen comedy that tackles all the clichés of the genre in a very smart way. [Full review in Spanish]
The actors in the film have different levels of experience but they all have amazing chemestry and did an amazing job. [Full review in Spanish]
The performances are on point, the cast shows a lot of chemistry, but at times you don't know where the story is going and you feel kind of cheated. [Full review in Spanish]
Captures perfectly the difficulties of a depressive teenager. [Full review in Spanish]
A very ingenous prank, maybe a little too self aware, and not as good as the great films it pays homage to. [Full review in Spanish]
A fresh and stimulating movie, but a little bit pretentious. [Full review in Spanish]
The biggest flaw in Me and Earl and the Dying Girl is right there in the title: the first word, specifically.
Me, Earl and The Dying Girl is a youth tragedy, a school comedy and and exquisite movie conoseur catalogue. [Full review in Spanish]
A charming and superbly made teen comedy-drama that's both laugh-out-loud funny and deeply moving.
A quirky yet moving meditation on the life we discover during death.
Superficially engaging but emotionally empty.
[The film] is genuinely sweet and it embraces the sadness at its core, rather than look at it with ironic distance.
The second and third acts ... are as maudlin, grim and depressing as any other boy meets girl, girl is dying of cancer movie (and there have been quite a few of late).
Like its protagonist, Me, Earl and the Dying Girl - which somehow won two major awards at Sundance earlier this year - thinks it's much deeper than it is.
Andrews walks a fine line between the literary and the cinematic, studiously sidestepping mawkishness without recourse to emotional detachment.
If a generic structure and a message about being kind to others is in place, it is essential to have the basics right, like the script and performances, because we've all seen a lot of films but unlike Greg we understand them and predict them.
The film pulls off the neat, ironic trick of being cliche-averse while achieving the same result as a traditional heart string-plucker. A fine example of a film having its cake and eating it too.
The Manic Pixie Dream Girl gets sick, but she can still inspire a man to better himself, while also adding a dash of repugnant narcissism to the subgenre.
If the film seems less interested in Earl and Rachel than it is in Greg, then that is, surely, because it is telling its story from the perspective of a teenage solipsist.
False sentiment, phoney emoting and the possibility of miracle cures are all in short supply.
It's rib-ticklingly funny, full of witty exchanges and neat visual flourishes by director Alfonso Gomez-Rejon.
A gem from Gomez-Rejon. Intrigued to see what he does next.
All this may sound horrendously twee on paper. But on film, Me and Earl and the Dying Girl is thoughtful and tender, bursting with mordant humour and energetic camerawork, and acted with merciful intelligence.
Me And Earl And The Dying Girl is funny, highly original and very moving too, even if it becomes a little gloopy in its final reel.
Me and Earl and the Dying Girl is everything that [The Fault in Our Stars] should have been, and more.
It remains a thoroughly cellophaned package, no more affecting - or lasting - than a vaguely colourful baguette from an upmarket sandwich chain.
It's a tricky mixture of charm and contrivance, with appealing performances, ambition and surprising limitations.
Me And Earl And The Dying Girl paves the way for a different kind of young adult movie and let's hope it gets the reception it deserves.
When that laughter loosens you up, that's when the film goes for the gut punch.
Me and Earl... provides plenty of painfully honest laughs along with more fragile, profound moments.
Often bitter but essentially sweet, Me and Earl and the Dying Girl is a sharply penned drama with real things to say about loss...
This unconventional friendship between these two self-styled loners permits director Alfonso Gomez-Rejon and a fantastic cast to throw some unexpectedly impressive shapes throughout.
This is not your typical high school, coming of age story. It is something much more. Something truly wonderful.
If Wes Anderson met John Hughes and they made a weepy, this would be it.
If this is a story about half-formed people finding precarious common ground, what's most remarkable is how well-formed these half-formed characters are.
Thanks in no small part to the incredible performances from the three title actors, who manage to turn twee into tender, hilarious and relatable -- it kind of works.
A movie that's not as groundbreaking as it wants to be, though its commitment to taking a funnier, more grounded approach to its story points the way for a truly powerful film of its kind to take.
Me and Earl and the Dying Girl has those handkerchief moments, but the laughs far outnumber the hard and sad punches. This is a movie that's grounded in reality, has just enough whimsy and soars to the stars. It's one of the best films of 2015.
The fine performances of Mann and Cyler fuel this little indie, and could turn it into one of those minor gems that give the movies a much-needed shot in the arm.
It's the skewed perspective and quirky attitude that makes this coming of age story so unexpectedly entertaining
For a film with a generally somber tone, the film is not a downer. Funny at times, uncomfortable at others, but definitely worth the journey.
On one hand, it's energetically directed, well-acted, and reasonably smart. On the other, it's infected by a kind of hipster racism, where the black and female co-stars exist to make a young white male with no actual problems feel better about himself.
...ultimately unable to stave off relative mediocrity to become more than just perpetually watchable.
M&E&TDG is about being in the midst of a situation that could define you, and everyone except you realising it.
Seldom have I referred to a movie as 'exquisite."
Put simply, I think it's very good -- sometimes even great. I like it a lot, and, in time, suspect I may well love it.
Hey, I appreciate quirk as much as the next guy, but I'm not sure the untimely, painful demise of a young woman is the most appropriate subject for showcasing a filmmaker's hip worldview.
The harsh reality of mortality interferes with the budding, golden lives of young people. Not just those who die, but those who have to experience the bummerness of it all.
Me and Earl and the Dying Girl is more about the journey than the destination. And it's well worth the ride.
I've never seen a movie so carefully engineered to be an indie hit. It's like it was created in an underground lab by corduroy-wearing scientists listening to Sufjan Stevens playing over the loudspeakers.
Every line, gesture, story beat and camera move comes complete with post-ironic air quotes. It's like Juno on crystal meth.
Give into it, go with it and let it take you where it leads you---and don't caught up in thinking that you already know where that will be.
It's deeply moving, earning its tears through the authenticity of the emotional experiences depicted rather than by extracting them through sheer blunt force.
In some ways, Me and Earl is The Fault in Our Stars for film critics who love Werner Herzog and Once Upon a Time in the West.
For one thing, its top-billed teen-age characters look, feel and sound about as genuine as it gets when it comes to Hollywood fiction these days.
Me and Earl and the Dying Girl is smart and funny and meaningful, the kind of movie that you may not be familiar with yet, but which you might watch many times in the years to come.
This well-acted, well-written but self-consciously hip seriocomedy could use more of Earl and the dying girl; instead, it's all about Me, Me, Me.
Me and Earl and the Dying Girl is an emotional, powerful, and well written drama with a strong message, incredible writing, and powerful performances.
Me and Earl is far from a celebration of missing out on the depth and complexity of the people around you. It's a reminder that a life spent skimming the surface of those people is an opportunity missed.
There are many reasons to fault "Me and Earl and the Dying Girl," but it's sweet enough, and smart enough, to overcome every one of those reasons.
This largely casual coming of age story doesn't adequately prepare the way for big drama and emotion, which consequently comes off falsely.
"Me and Earl and the Dying Girl" overcomes many of the shortcomings that plague young-adult films. It has an honesty that is refreshing and inspired.
Me and Earl and the Dying Girl has the ingredients of a teen melodrama... But it admirably opts for a more ambiguous tone befitting adolescent characters who aren't entirely comfortable in their skins, let alone assured in their emotional lives.
This is one of those films that really makes you appreciate the smaller projects that come out each year. There are no fancy effects propping it up, no fancy camera work, just a brilliantly-written script and some marvelous performances.
That story is lovely, and beautifully acted by Mann and Cooke.
What started as a mildly funny if overly self-satisfied comedy ends up as a disingenuous tearjerker, as phony as one of Greg and Earl's home movies.
This sounds like an "After-School Special," but it's neither painfully earnest nor preachy.
"Me and Earl and the Dying Girl" is a must-see - and one of the best films of the year.
Even with their disproportionate screen time, all three young performers give exceptional, rounded performances. We may not see the fullness of their lives, but they make them full-feeling anyway.
All three leading actors in Me and Earl and the Dying Girl are relatively new to the movie business. But you should be seeing a lot more of them in the coming years.
You will chuckle frequently, but packing a hankie is still a good idea.
This is among the funnier entries in the cancer-kid genre, flawed yet affable, with no fault in its dweebly charismatic stars.
I liked Me and Earl and the Dying Girl. Of course, people that write about movies are supposed to like it.
What elevates it are the fun, warm and very real performance by the young cast. They make the journey one worth remembering.
"Me and Earl" is smart and appealing, but it spends way too much effort saying "I'm not like that" when it really is.
An intelligent, emotionally honest and satisfying film.
What can you hold on to in this fog of halfhearted stereotypes and insubstantial settings? Only the confiding, self-deprecating tone of the narrator and the cleverness of the director, Alfonso Gomez-Rejon.
Effectively mixes humor and heartbreak, avoiding many YA traps
Steps out on the edge with a fearless exploration of life told with exceptional creativity. A refreshing and remarkable accomplishment.
The movie's first half is an utterly delightful spin on the usual mopey YA themes. It's impossible to stop smiling at Greg and Earl's series of arthouse movie remakes.
Me and Earl and the Dying Girl is a must-see for moviegoers who aren't afraid to find joy and self-reflection in the story of a dying girl.
Deeply moving, irreverent film about friends, cancer, life.
Stands tropes on their heads. A breakout for Gomez-Rejon.
If we confuse Me and Earl and the Dying Girl with other movies famously adapted from young-adult cancer novels, the fault is not in our stars, but in ourselves.
I don't normally like to cast aspersions on people over differences of opinion, but this one's engineered to suck up so hard at easy-lay critics that I swear you little boys can do better. Try harder. Please. The dying girl deserves more than you.
Mann is simply perfect for the role, and Cooke and Cyler bring a weight to their characters that lends a necessary balance to the movie's tone.
Affecting without being overly sentimental, humorous without being inappropriately comedic, and quirky without being self-indulgent.
A weepy romance that tries hard to be quirky and cool. More sincerity might have helped.
It's a fine line between being gratingly self-conscious and really smart; more times than not, "Me and Earl and the Dying Girl" comes out on the winning side of that equation.
Stands alongside independent gems like The Spectacular Now and The Perks of Being a Wallflower as one of the best high school-set movies in recent years.
There's an air of precocious genius around "Me and Earl and the Dying Girl," which despite its glum title is an inspired existential comedy.
If Me and Earl and the Dying Girl were a person, I would wrap my arms around him and squeeze as hard as I can.
Undone by a wildly inconsistent tone, narrative devices that rotate between incongruous cuteness and bald-faced lying, and a protagonist who's just a horrendous, despicable character.
"Me and Earl and the Dying Girl" does connect in a few areas of empathy. Unfortunately, it takes some work to claw away the preciousness of the project to get to its heart.
Skillfully walks a fine line between the precious and the maudlin, its initially excessive quirkiness morphing into something cheekily amusing and at times quite affecting.
A unique and hilarious comedy that replaces schmaltz with an honesty that make this one of the best of the year.
A disappointing 'film' but, at least for its target audience of white middle-class teens (and probably their parents), a deeply satisfying 'movie.'
This Sundance winner is something special indeed, a movie featuring teens that can't be classified as a TEEN MOVIE. It's a masterful funny/sad and illuminating human story.
The irreverent title suggests that this movie may smash our preconceptions about the current formulaic tale of budding teen love tragically interrupted. And so it does, beautifully.
Nearly every drop of human experience in it is mediated by movies, not in some Godardian assault on false Hollywood narratives but to flatter an audience too self-consciously hip to swallow this story straight.
The character-driven script offers both a lighthearted examination of teenage angst and awkwardness, and a tender probe of friendship that sidesteps clichés.
What Greg and the film don't get is that it's not about him.
Alfonso Gomez-Rejon has directed a touching movie that will indeed tug on your heartstrings, but in such a unique way that it feels like the very first time.
Its real achievement is that it tackles a topic so impossibly sentimental and pathos-mired -- and somehow doesn't evaporate in a puff of its own self-importance.
Director Alfonso Gomez-Rejon has crafted a masterful film out of Jesse Andrews' novel/screenplay
At once earnest and flip, capturing teen angst without wallowing in teen drama.
...an overpriced Kenneth Cole timepiece built with tween bromides.
Cooke never allows us to feel sorry for Rachel, even when things are looking grimmest. It takes a real actress to pull that off.
A refreshingly exhilarating, emotional and ultimately uplifting examination of youngsters forging an unbreakable bond in the face of a malignant force far beyond their control.
The Citizen Kane of teen cancer tearjerkers, Alfonso Gomez-Rejon's funny and bruising Sundance sensation is like The Fault in Our Stars remade for Criterion Collection fetishists.
Deserves to be the sleeper hit of the year. A wonderful film.
A quirky, self-aware dramedy with a vibe that is at turns wiseacre and wise, with tear-jerking moments that are never maudlin and comic moments that are authentic.
A pandering, self-flattering mess, featuring unearned catharsis, lazy clichés and characters presented in broad, sometimes-offensive stereotypes.
The screenplay by Jesse Andrews (based on his novel) is a hodgepodge of dishonest choices.
Appropriate to its teenage milieu, the film isn't unlike spending a couple of hours with an exceptionally witty high-schooler: It's entertaining as hell, but you can't help rolling your eyes a little at its self-satisfied pseudo-profundities.
It's a fresh take on contemporary adolescence as a journey from ironic detachment to openhearted feeling.
Even though in voiceover Greg tells the audience "this isn't a touching romantic story," that doesn't mean director Alfonso Gomez-Rejon can't have a little fun with expectation.
It's about the limited view we can put on the world and others, and how when we move beyond that, there are amazing discoveries to be revealed. It's about growing up.
Energetic storytelling and inspired visuals make this one an entertaining experience.
If you like your "indie" films smart, fun, funny, touching, heartfelt and bittersweet, I imagine you're going to want to join 'Me and Earl and the Dying Girl' (Full Content Review - Sex, Profanity, Violence, etc. - for Parents also available)
If every teen movie were as buoyant, stylish and aware of history as Me And Earl, the cultural landscape would feel a lot smarter.
Cooke (a Rose Byrne doppelgänger) can convey incredible sadness with a shoulder shrug, or giddy excitement with a widened eye. She's a real surprise, and fascinating to watch.
[The film] demonstrates a sharp eye for the teenage politics of pity.
[Offers] fresh takes on death, memory and love. And making really bad home movies.
A film full of attempts. When it succeeds, we smile. When it doesn't, we sense a revision gone wrong, or at the very least, unoriginal.
The charming, soulful "Me and Earl and the Dying Girl" is a movie that loves movies - which is great, because you'll love this one.
plays as if a Wes Anderson wannabe made a mashup of "The Fault in Our Stars" and "Be Kind Rewind"...the filmmakers almost succeed in drowning out the good with too many geegaws and baubles and questionable choices.
Me and Earl is a levelheaded, irreverent riposte to such fictions, but it's also something rare-a story about ordinary male-female friendship.
This Sundance Award-winning comedy-drama handles two incredibly difficult topics-cancer and male/female friendship (sans sex)-with charm, insight and humor.
The film is touching and small, but also thoughtful and assured in a way that lingers after the inevitable tears have been shed and the obvious lessons learned.
An astonishing dramedy about life, death, and the mysteries that imbue them both.
With its snappy pace and sly sense of humor, this is one of the smartest YA adaptations in recent years and should appeal to a wider audience, in addition to cinephiles and the book's fans.
A funny, hip, touching and utterly irresistible comedy-drama about a trio of high-school misfits, one with stage IV leukemia, who bond over art films.
"Me and Earl and the Dying Girl" succumbs to the same cloying too-cuteness and solipsism that often plague its glib and sentimental genre. But those limitations are leavened by the film's lively, ultimately affecting flourishes and sprightly voice.
This thing is just so wonderful, I almost don't want to say anything about it, so everyone can just go in and have the beautiful revelation that I did.
Cleverly buoyant before hitting a number of genuinely poignant notes, "Me and Earl and the Dying Girl" is respectful and understanding of teenage behavior and the struggles life can throw no matter one's age.
Gomez-Rejon matches the wit of the script with gently witty touches, such as the clever use of a fishbowl lens. He also relies on his actors for long takes, which give the movie a lived-in, naturalistic feeling.
The kind of self-consciously quirky, slapdash movie that still leaves a viewer eager to find out what its director will do next.
Gomez-Rejon has a seriously promising future; this film is shot in a hundred different styles, reflecting the sentimental and cinematic education of its protagonist.
It's tender, clever, wise and highly recommended.
"I'm, like, innovatively stupid," says the protagonist of coy Sundance sensation... Chatty and simmering with simple charms... putters along at a dullish roar, nearly likable, not quite causing an annoying itch.
Me And Earl And The Dying Girl can't survive the irony of teaching Greg to think of someone other than himself while advancing a narrative that contradicts that message entirely.
Mann, Cooke and Cyler deserve to be stars of tomorrow, right now. This film geek's dream of a movie pulls the ground out from under you, but stays smartass to the end. Sweet.
An unusual story that combines get-the-Kleenex teen melodrama with plenty of wry film-school jokes.
Touching, funny and wise. And only occasionally cloying.
It's so carefully designed to feel laid-back that its breeziness comes off like a calculation; its emotional pull is sometimes irresistible, which may make you want to resist it all the more. But the movie has flashes of wit and originality and feeling.
If Wes Anderson created a sweet coming-of-age story, it'd probably look something like Me and Earl, only instead of his whimsicality, this film has brutal honestly.
Wants you to think it's not stupid enough to just be another film in which non-white males exist to help the relatively minor problems plaguing a white male.
Put this comedic, wryly insightful, contemporary coming-of-age movie on your 'must see' list.
Shooting a burst of much needed oxygen into the current scene, this very lively winner thrives on its unabashed love of film and innovative yet poignant storytelling.
Mann, shaggy and insecure and unhandsome enough to get away with it when he complains of having an animal's face, makes an excellent Everyguy here, and his funniness is unforced.
It unites a mélange of teen-film tropes into a narrative overburdened with cultural references and framing devices, and undermined by a lack of attention to character.
It's dangerous to call something an instant classic, but sometimes it's simply the truth.
There's no better praise I can bestow upon Me and Earl and the Dying Girl than to say I think it would make Hal Ashby proud...The best riff on Harold and Maude since Rushmore.
Me And Earl And The Dying Girl travels into familiar dramatic terrain - the offbeat coming-of-age story, as well as the terminal-cancer drama - to deliver something that feels handmade and also heartfelt.
High-school students have plenty of growing pains to offload, and Gomez-Rejon clearly knows what makes them tick. His film is at once buzzy, fun and confronting.
That it resembles on the surface any number of movies filled with teen angst, when it comes to the details Me and Earl and the Dying Girl sets itself apart from the rest.
The sharpness of the dialogue and the performances of Mann and Cooke not only make it all work, they make it all sublime.
"Me and Earl and the Dying Girl" is a stunning sum of its parts ...
For the over-sensitive kid in all of us, Me and Earl and the Dying Girl is something truly earnest, truly heartfelt and truly beautiful.
The whimsical humor goes a long way to alleviate any of that inevitable tragedy. There's such a collection of absurd and clever bits that there's no one consistent joke. It's a collection of magnificent creativity.
Films that look and feel like this one have become as perennial as summer action movies, but they're rarely this moving, this resonant, and this flat-out wonderful.
Will have a significant impact on anyone who watches it, regardless of whether they've been personally affected by cancer.
Brimming with wit, crushing last-act melancholia, laughs, and poignant heart, "Me And Earl And The Dying Girl" is a spectacular delivery of tears, love and laughter, and a captivating knock-out that asks us to keep the departed in our hearts.
This rousing adaptation of Jesse Andrews' novel is destined not only to connect with young audiences in a big way, but to endure as a touchstone for its generation.

@highlight

Beautifully scripted and perfectly cast, Me &amp; Earl &amp; the Dying Girl is a coming-of-age movie with uncommon charm and insight.