It's all too conventional, a prosaic melodrama composed of characters who turn out to be strictly good or evil. We already know that immigrants are exploited. Crossing Over tries to tell us that once again, while compounding the offence.
While Mr. Kramer does seem to believe in the decency of his characters, their individual stories eventually become so far-fetched that, in the end, they are virtually indistinguishable from Hollywood baloney.
Multicultural hot pot boils over into farce.
The film manages to sustain a general air of dull preachiness without ever having much to say for itself.
It's compassionate, decent-minded and highly watchable, but as angry, heavy-handed and overemphatic as a rubber stamp crashing down on an immigration form.
Being over-stuffed and heavy-handed are not even Crossing Over's biggest problems. That dubious honour goes to an absolute failure to address its nominal subject-matter in any meaningful way.
Any one of these stories, if properly fleshed out and shorn of contrivance, would have made for a perfectly serviceable film. Instead, we have lots of hysterical little bits of nothing much.
While the film certainly has some viable, provocative points to make about the US's attitudes to migrants and the labyrinthine horrors of getting citizenship, it lacks the subtlety and eloquence it really needs to succeed.
For anyone who felt that Crash was too subtle and self-effacing, I recommend Crossing Over, a multi-stranded, heavy handed exploration of the issues surrounding immigration and US citizenship.
Crass, contrived, tackily salacious and politically loaded in the most insidious way, this dodgy piece of nonsense purports to be an ensemble, multi-stranded drama in the style of Traffic or Crash.
The whole exercise feels exploitative.
Well-acted but increasingly either melodramatic or just plain dull.
Crossing Over builds purposefully before derailing completely in its finale.
Although it has moments of poignancy, his sledgehammer approach is sometimes off-putting and risible.
Hampered by wayward direction and a skin-deep script, this won't be following Crash to the Academy podium. If you loved Haggis' Oscar victor, you might squeeze an iota of enlightenment out of Kramer's copycat melodrama.
Writer-director Wayne Kramer insists on trying to tell us all the way through what we should feel. Yet, by the end, it's not clear what he's trying to say: are U.S. immigration laws unfair, unnecessary or badly enforced?
The whole thing's about as enjoyable as a holiday to Guantanamo Bay. Less a movie and more a two-hour finger wag.
You can be too right-on. And that's the problem with this smug Hollywood multi-strand drama about immigration that sweats self-righteousness from every pore.
As with many multi-character pieces, it's somewhat unbalanced by its competing storylines, and its lapses into sentimentality seem inevitable, but Kramer deserves credit for taking on a touchy subject.
Some stories are more convincing than others in this sprawling blend of thriller, melodrama and social drama.
The script is occasionally heavy-handed, but its range of immigration experiences is impressive and you forgive the odd bit of speechifying because the storytelling is both engaging and provocative.
The film is well-made and benefits from a very strong cast, but it's both overly worthy and rather pushy about its perspective.
It's tired, preachy and about as thought-provoking as a Blackpool hen party howling We Are The World on karaoke.
At once ambitious, familiar in its multi-stranded storytelling, and suspect in its underlying politics.
I get what Kramer was trying to say about immigration and nationalism (though it's been said before and better), but if I had my way I'd edit the film down another hour. At least.
The subject of immigration is much too substantial to be treated as kitten play, leaving such thespian promise out to rot with material that suggests great intellectual stimulation, but only delivers yawns.
The kind of issue-oriented film that will make you angry, mostly because it eschews any thought of serious debate in favor of liberal dogma.
San Crash (2005) grammeno ap' to tmima peri metanaston toy amerikanikoy Ypoyrgeioy Eksoterikon
Less like watching a movie than solving an equation.
If you thought the Oscar-winning 2004 drama Crash was heavy-handed, just wait until you see Crossing Over.
Some will win and some will lose their encounters with unbending American bureaucracy, but all deserve better, which should leave viewers eager for an even-handed take on this issue crossing over into disappointment.
There are good performances here, but the sheer number dilutes their power, leaving the movie a bit of a mess.
Crossing Over 'Crashes' the gates of illegal immigration with little new, or insightful, to add to the debate.
You see, it's all a bit too interlocking, a cable series jammed into a couple of hours.
[Crossing Over] has a paint-by-numbers quality.
Part of the reason why Crossing Over doesn't work is that too many of the hurdles [director] Kramer places in front of his protagonists often feel like the product of a writer's imagination instead of real-life experiences.
The film is so choppy, especially in the final going, it appears that entire reels have been cut.
There's more genuine conviction in Ford's face, more complexity, honesty and ability to incite compassion, than everything else in Crossing Over combined.
The performances are strong and everybody works hard to establish that his character isn't all good or all bad, but in the end you never quite care.
All we get is a mess of good liberal intentions loosely anchored to a mass of pure Hollywood hokum.
Crossing Over has been surrounded by controversy ever since it wrapped up shooting way back in 2007...
Maybe if he [director Wayne Kramer] had kept Crossing Over simpler, he would have made a less simplistic movie.
A completely disingenuous slice of awful storytelling, one-note performances, and manipulative melodrama that should not only not be seen, it should be boycotted.
Parental Content Review
A sanctimonious sack of stupid that wants to do for the subject of immigration reform what "Crash" did for the subject of racism in America and tragically does just that.
Crossing Over gets so wrapped up in its quest for topical resonance that it forgets some of the basic rules of narrative filmmaking.
... feels an awful lot like the multicultural Crash, complete with its crisscrossing stories, heavy ironies and even heavier moralizing.
It's Crossing Over -- or as we call it at my desk, Crash: Special Victims Unit.
Like too many Crash wannabes, Crossing Over gets an A for effort and a C-plus for execution.
The lack of subtlety...makes Crossing Over little more than an overwrought harangue.
The finished product looks as though it was designed to satisfy egos, not viewers.
A responsible message movie wrapped in an irresponsible exploitation flick that cries fire in a crowded theater.
The characters don't relate; they trade expedient expository nuggets, when they're not speechifying. A surfeit of coincidence spoils our empathy. And when a character%u2014any character%u2014says "You doubt the veracity of my heart," you have to doubt the
Crossing Over seems to strain, with too many characters, too many story strands and too much of an effort to cover the bases.
The movie matches nicely with Ford's somnambulistic nonperformance -- they're both pokey, morose and don't really say much at all.
The cast does uniformly fine work, but they and the film as a whole are hampered by Kramer's overreaching, overstuffed script.
In its stories of immigration, Crossing Over raises questions: how far are we willing to bend the rules to get what we desire? What will we risk to uphold our own values?
About as airless and preachy as movies come.
Characters are stretched thin with only the most overstuffed dialogue to express themselves. As a result, the film is airless and petrified.
Its meandering threads don't have the intensity or the emotion required for many of them to resonate, a talented cast of veteran character actors giving their all even when the material refuses to rise up and match them.
A well-intentioned but ham-handed exploration of U.S. immigration policies, this movie's message is undermined by its cardboard characters and clunky script.
Writer-director Wayne Kramer gets uniformly terrific performances from a fine cast playing pawns in the game of sex, violence and betrayal that diminishes the noble tradition of naturalized citizenship.
In this contrived illegal-immigration drama, the stereotypical characters and structured story lines keep crossing and bumping into each other.
Tied together with endless, flattening shots of L.A.'s cloverleaf freeways, Crossing Over is often simplistic and occasionally lugubrious, but it's rarely boring.
I think this is really an exceptional film. I didn't find really a false note in the behavior of any of these characters.
It's a film about the issues, but it's a film about people.
It's a powerful opening to a movie that rapidly fractures into a hodgepodge of interlocking subplots showcasing immigration woes.
Harrison Ford barely registers in a misconceived immigration drama.
The film plods along until late in the game when its mystery story is resolved with three nested flashbacks by a filmmaker with a markedly unimaginative sense of cinematic storytelling.
Once the plot mechanics kick into gear, it becomes increasingly difficult to take the movie seriously.
A sub-par knockoff of Paul Haggis' "Crash," writer/ director Wayne Kramer's L.A.-based dramatic tapestry is a threadbare yawner.
Sporadically provocative, but often convoluted and dull with undercooked messages and ideas.
Ignore the other critics. This is an engrossing, thoroughly entertaining movie with great performances from a first-rate ensemble cast.
Intense immigration drama doesn't live up to its intentions.
This is a movie with the courage to examine the pressing issue of whether hot blond Aussie starlets are sleeping with government agents -- whom they meet in fender benders -- to get green cards.
Crossing Over has its heart in umpteen places and its head stuffed with dramatic claptrap.
An interesting failure, a movie that at least strives to be about something, entangling itself with the question of what it means to be an American -- or, more specifically, what it means to deserve to live here.
Trust Kramer, though, to spring surprises with the help of a risk-taking cast.
A well-intentioned drama about complicated immigration issues that falters thanks to a wobbly screenplay.
Sadly simplistic. Predictable, too.
Forced, heavy-handed and overdone, it's a pretend serious film that offers crass manipulation in the place where honesty is supposed to be.
In its intensely earnest and utterly relentless pursuit of the whole truth--and nothing but the truth--about the evils of immigration policy in the United States, Crossing Over sometimes borders on the ridiculous.
Crossing Over delivers its sanctimony with less hand-wringing and more fist-shaking, complete with lurid violence and periodically bared female flesh.
Apparently Sean Penn was cut from this film. Lucky him.
The only debate that Crossing Over will inspire is whether or not it's supreme awfulness is enough to qualify it for so-bad-its-good status.
The issue of illegal immigration deserves a thoughtful movie. This isn't it.
This all sounds didactic and silly. It is. It's also highly watchable, and simultaneously complex, simple-minded, and deferential to the audience's base level of intelligence.
Crossing Over has hurtled into Crash territory, and the smash-up is not a happy collision.
All of its plot threads are equally dreadworthy.
Immigration seems more like a pure humanitarian issue than a political, legal, social and economic knot struggling to be untied.
A multi-strand saga whose contrived, inane narrative threads have been stitched together with Frankenstein ungainliness.
Eventually, all points converge on a finale draped in patriotic imagery employed for maximum irony.
That its climax comes in the middle of a rendition of the national anthem -- at a citizenship ceremony, no less -- tells you how badly it pins the needle on the subtlety meter.
This politically-minded ensemble drama's obvious attempts at being Traffic or Crash barely gets out of the garage before it stalls in neutral.
Crossing Over may hold some appeal for those who loved Crash, but this is a diluted cousin to a film that was overrated in the first place.
Director Wayne Kramer crisscrosses these stories into a diverting anthropological melodrama, with enough  coincidence to keep the action unified.
This focus on uneasy spiritual and political transformation runs into thematic banality. Although more than a set of patchwork, Crash-like homilies, Crossing Over is almost as didactic.
And if you thought Crash and Babel were preachy and awful, you ain't seen nothing yet.
Crossing Over crosses into the mythic realm of camp. What a waste. I still say it's better than Crash, though.
Harrison Ford does a very different sort of reluctant, discombobulated thinking man's action hero this time around, a kinder, gentler immigration cop not into raids, and mocked by his colleagues as an INS girlie guy.
Though timely and well-intentioned, this immigrants saga is too contrived and schematic to generate credibility or feeling for the characters and will suffer in comparison with other crisscrossing L.A. stories such as Crash.
An overweeningly deterministic mosaic of U.S. immigration case studies.
While the finished product is by no means a disaster, it does bear the marks of a film whose lofty aspirations have been tarnished by uneven storytelling and simplistic moral conclusions.
The film is rife with coincidences, and it frequently strains credulity.
The best you can say is that Kramer is ambitious enough to present the problem. Yet he's too unsophisticated to tear off any painful societal scabs or materially add to the debate.




@highlight

Crossing Over is flagrant and heavy-handed about a situation that deserves more deliberate treatment, and joins its characters with coincidences that strain believability.