This lame wildlife safari can at least claim to be environmentally friendly: all the jokes are recycled.
Call me a moron, but I laughed so hard I inhaled my roach.
Hatefully stupid and unfunny.
Any resemblance to comedy is purely coincidental and unintentional. The only reason to chuckle is to prove you haven't died while watching it. Its credits should be handed to a mercenary. It's not a film. It's the Zeroes' worst pop-culture excretion.
It's just plain lazy (or incompetent or both) filmmaking from start to finish.
After watching Strange Wilderness, you may want to soak your feet in a tub of live piranhas, just for laughs. You'll find it a lot more fun than anything in this movie.
What can you say about a film when its most memorable scene is the one in which Steve Zahn's private parts get caught up in a turkey's throat?
I would say 20% of the jokes work and the rest fell flat!
Players like Hill, Long, and Zahn have natural comedic ability, but there's honestly not much they can do with such weak material.
A few cute gags aside, this is an exercise in stupidity aimed at those who find 15 different names for a bong to be funny.
Really not very funny. Unless you're a moronic frat boy who's been smoking a lot of wacky backy, in which case it's probably hilarious.
Strange Wilderness is a never-ending bundle of self-consciously raunchy skits aimed at under-achieving slackers who are too high to notice how desperately pathetic it all is.
There's nothing in this lame, low budget stoner flick that even peeps above the parapet of the ordinary.
A comedy wilderness.
About as funny as watching a cute animal die a long slow death - and probably as painful.
'Strange Wilderness' isn't funny enough to produce anything more than a few slight chuckles. We mostly groan and squirm in our seats while watching it.
...worthless garbage...
Maybe the screenwriters were chemically altered when they decided that this stoner comedy was funny.
Even though this raucous, low-low-lowbrow comedy hits theaters early in the year, I'm thinking the race for bottom-feeder of 2008 is, if not over, at least well under way.
The thing looks like it was shot over the course of six random (weed-filled) weekends, probably for fun at first, but then someone got the idea to release this glorified home movie into theaters. Bad idea.
Slinks its way in and out of theaters without leaving any trace of its passage besides a distinct tang in the air of flop sweat and sorrow.
No snob to low-brow ridiculousness when it's actually unexpected, I'll admit to being amused exactly once.
Unfunny "comedy" is crude, profane, drug-filled.
This farcical comedy is a Morlock of a movie--an ugly, subhuman dirt-dweller.
The cinematography and sound work are mediocre, but still far better than the material deserves: you can still see and hear what's happening on the screen.
At least Gaulke and Wolf didn't have to go far to kill their reputation: During the jungle piranha attack scene, a mallard floats by in the background.
This movie is designed for an audience that likes gross-out humour and endless silliness.
The use of found footage intended to match-edit their locales, along with the use of wildlife animal scenes, is so crude that I want to call this an exploitation film. (Of nature, that is.)
Despite the presence of funny guys such as Zahn, Garlin, Justin Long and Jonah Hill, along with veteran character actors Ernest Borgnine, Joe Don Baker and Robert Patrick, the movie fails to be even passably funny.
There are stupid stoner comedies and then there are stupid stoner comedies that ain't funny, and the latest effluvium from Adam Sandler's Happy Madison production company is mostly a bummer.
It feels more like a compilation of skits from a failed comedy show.
Instantly forgettable and proudly lazy, Strange Wilderness feels like it's being made up on the spot.
While it's too pleasant to be irritating, it's also too lackadaisical to be truly funny.
Underachieving even by the standards of stoner comedies, Strange Wilderness is so inert that it doesn't so much unreel on screen as loiter there, giggling at its own outrageousness.
Laughter is definitely an endangered species where Strange Wilderness is concerned.
Sloppy, choppy, and indifferently assembled, Strange Wilderness is slapdash even by the relaxed standards of its executive producer, Adam Sandler.
A nearly plotless and always asinine stoner comedy that is so inconsequential it begins to evaporate from the memory before it is even over.
You'd have to be more than merely intoxicated to find anything about this dismal stoner comedy remotely funny. You'd have to be unconscious.
If you find bong hits, joy buzzers, and turkey fellatio hilarious, then perhaps sterilization is in order...best appreciated under heavy sedation and within close proximity of the fast-forward button.
I doubt many people are going to find it funny without some sort of chemical help.
Obviously the product of minimal effort by all parties involved, Strange Wilderness is a slovenly, slapped-together stoner comedy.
Maturity obviously is not required to make or see these movies, but would anyone really admit to laughing at a turkey biting a man's penis?
A bunch of guys wandering around in the plastic foliage of Disney's Jungle Cruise ride pretending to see monkeys.
February may be too early to start thinking about year-end lists, but frankly, I'll be shocked if I see 10 movies in 2008 that are worse than Strange Wilderness.
Strange Wilderness is so wretched that it makes The Benchwarmers look like Bull Durham, Grandma's Boy look like The Graduate, and Deuce Bigalow: Male Gigolo look like Midnight Cowboy.


@highlight

Strange Wilderness is a laugh-free comedy that's both aimless and overly crass.