Director James Mangold saved the best for last with this uncompromising, brutal and heartfelt story of a fallen hero stumbling to get back up again.
The only thing more interesting than watching how someone turns into a superhero is seeing them lose that power.
Collins' appearance is the most shocking thing in this quite-conventional, inconclusive look at eating disorders and their treatment.
A good movie about an important topic, but it peters out a bit at the end. We care about Ellen and we wish her well. But, it would have been more interesting to watch her get well.
A missed opportunity despite a remarkable Lily Collins. [Full review in Spanish]
The story of Ellen won't be everyone's story, but it is still effectively wielded to shed a harsh light on the way we seek to ascribe meaning to the illnesses of others.
Movies take us anywhere we want to go. But movies can also take us places we need to go, even though we'd rather not. That's the space Marti Noxon's directorial debut, To the Bone, lives in.
While To The Bone's dramatic strength lies in its first-hand immediacy, the meandering tale fails to engage.
. . .the plot veers into romance and gets derailed as Ellen attracts the attention of Luke (Alex Sharp), a dancer with a career-ending injury.
Through conspicuous examples and only slightly stilted exposition, To the Bone educates us on the ins and outs of the diagnosis.
Ultimately , To The Bone is the kind of film that will either resonate with you deeply or not even register.
To The Bone had the chance to inspire understanding of anorexia, but ended up being a disappointment.
Although To the Bone reaches toward bigger questions of body, mind, and spirit, profundity eludes its grasp.
Ultimately the most resonant message To the Bone has to offer is that there is no one certain way to heal from anorexia, and no one right way to tell stories about it either.
A fitfully successful exploration of anorexia that plays like a slightly above-average TV movie.
To the Bone never quite succeeds ... The direction is too pedestrian, the script too generic and the film as a whole is more concerned with reassurance than with confrontation.
[To the Bone], with its ensemble chattiness and good humour, makes a horrifying syndrome sound almost fun to watch.
Never condescending or unrealistic, it's told from an insider's perspective by director Marti Noxon.
Though To the Bone isn't quite enjoyable to watch, it's acted well and is, in its depiction of this all-too-pervasive disorder, essential.
The performances are mostly excellent, Collins' above all.
I applaud everyone connected with 'To the Bone' for their courage in bringing attention to eating disorders in such a powerful way. But be prepared: this is not a film that's easy to watch.
Endeavours to be a frank, honest look at the human beings behind eating disorders - to paint them as people, rather than as problems. And it very nearly succeeds. Nearly.
The script knows that telling stories from personal experience, even with good intentions, is not enough to prevent those stories from being dangerous when they reach other people.
It's certainly realistic that the young woman may not be sufficiently self-aware to know why she puts great effort into remaining a virtual skeleton. But there are other sufferers in the story, and all are painted even more generically.
It's the mesmerizing Collins, though, who holds the film together and makes it one of Netflix's most urgent. If you're a teenager, or have got teenage relatives, it's a must-see.
Collins' performance is certainly the main attraction here, but Noxon has rounded out the rest of her cast with equally as impressive supporting turns from performers as diverse as Reeves, Retta, Alex Sharp, Preston, and Lili Taylor.
[A] smart and even funny story of a young woman nearing the bottom of her anorexia.
There are aspects of this approach that are refreshing. Noxon clearly knows the territory. But the end result is confusing and unfocused.
Thoughtful in its approach the film feels authentic in its depiction of individuals for whom food is an enemy.
This is a queasy Netflix film about anorexia whose good intentions are undermined by its aura of starvation chic.
Collins commits herself physically to the role while adeptly slinging Noxon's caustic one-liners, and Reeves, as Ellen's doctor, strikes the right note between genuine sympathy and a sobering sense of where she might be headed.
Addiction creates a messy, tangled web of anguish, where the hurt is spread far and wide, and while there are several narrative points that are short-shifted, "To The Bone" works hard to do justice to that reality.
For young people suffering, the movie offers both hope and clarity; for more experienced viewers, it may come off a little too much like Girl, Interrupted through a Lifetime lens.
If there are few surprises along the way, there are equally few easy answers or miraculous breakthroughs.
At the end of the film, precisely nothing useful or insightful is said about anorexia or anything else.
Without judging or romanticizing, Noxon presents a heartfelt and heartbreaking portrait of a 20-year-old girl trying to cope with the challenges of growing up by obsessively restricting calories.
Her bones stick out like the blades of a prehistoric reptile. Her stomach - or, at least the area where her stomach should be - seems to have had air sucked out of it with a vacuum. When she moves, you almost expect a clanging noise.
Delivers exceptional work from Collins, who's finally challenged as an actress, submitting to the part with startlingly gaunt physicality and sharp dramatic response.
Somewhere in trying to externalize a character's problems through corny and ham-fisted subplots, it loses her altogether.
[A] personal, finely realized comedy-drama.
A young Los Angeles woman battles anorexia in Marti Noxon's emotional yet clear-eyed film that responsibly tackles its topic with good spirits and plenty of empathy.
Those who watch the whole film will not only find it informative, enlightening and time well spent. They will also agree it cannot and will not incentivise any viewer to go out and get themselves an eating disorder.
Compelling but mature drama about eating disorders.
One of the film's great qualities is its casualness and willingness to be simply human and to not let sociological politics dominate.
Unappealing central character in a TV-style film about anorexia.
There's a pure honesty to Noxon's story and direction that makes "To the Bone" a tale of despair and promise, gain and loss, horror and hope.
An admirable and empathetic work that does not romanticize anorexia or the young woman being ground into nothingness by the disease, as some have feared.
Despite fine intentions it feels like a pilot for a promising Showtime series that still isn't ready for prime time.
Countless movies and pieces have been written about the harsh beauty standards women are expected to conform to, so To the Bone wisely ignores them and invests in making the most out of its cast...
There's much of 'To the Bone' that sounds hoary or hokey. But it plays gracefully, thanks to the honesty of Noxon's approach; she recognizes that moments of high emotion can be both powerful and a little silly, and isn't afraid of that duality.
To the Bone is narratively risk-adverse, which is a shame since this is a story worth telling.
To the Bone has a concrete sense of place, people and perspective, all of which makes the movie stronger than its faults.
To the Bone is for sure a movie I hoped I would like, as a good, gritty story about anorexia is needed, although this isn't that film. Even still, Collins's performance is too good to overlook.
It's a credit to Noxon's sterling wit, and her great sensitivity, that the movie delivers a powerful emotional punch.
It's not an easy sit, nor an terribly entertaining one, but in the hands of writer-director Marti Noxon, it delivers painful insights in a relatively fresh way.
Lily Collins does exceptional work in a role which clearly involved a degree of weight loss which will make audiences uncomfortable, as it is clearly designed to do.
Noxon, who also wrote the screenplay, manages to explore dark and complex issues while frequently leavening them with unexpected moments of humor ...

@highlight

To the Bone offers an insightful, empathetic look at a widespread issue, led by exemplary work from Lily Collins in the central role.