It's basically a movie about rebuilding and changing, and I think that's what made it to fresh to me.
As an unfortunately rare Hollywood film created by and starring women, "Pitch Perfect 2" is alarmingly obtuse in its depiction of them.
Pitch Perfect 2 has a message that is acceptable but not audible... [Full review in Spanish]
Laugh-out-loud funny at times, whether it be from unexpected cameos, satirical commentary on the music industry, or the wonderfully performed and choreographed a cappella sequences
Actress Elizabeth Banks, who was a producer on the first movie, makes her directorial debut here and does a decent job following the same formula.
Though I'm a huge fan of its pop-feminism and hip a cappella (no, that's not an oxymoron), Pitch Perfect 2 doesn't quite hit the high notes of its predecessor.
[Pitch Perfect 2] is bigger than Pitch Perfect in every way: more extravagant, more important, and definitely more flawed.
Outside of the bad jokes, Pitch Perfect 2 really does shine. There's an infectious, dorky humor about the whole production.
By the end, you are likely to feel just as you did when you saw the original: entertained and slightly embarrassed that you found yourself cheering for our misfit melodic heroines.
Say what you will about the film's wielding of stereotypes -- it genuinely loves its characters.
As is so common with sequels, Banks' directorial debut is a little off-key and not or as comically refined.
For the most part, it's the same old crew going through the same old paces, and I don't think fans would want it any other way.
Pitch Perfect 2 offers just what its audience wants: catchy musical numbers, celebrity cameos and sometimes very un-PC jokes.
The Bellas find their harmony to deliver the goods at the end in a spine-tingling performance that will make you forgive all the scattered sub-plots and sappy sassy sisterhood scenes.
You'll laugh, you'll suppress the urge to sing along, and you'll quote the movie afterward, just like with the first one, and that is more than enough to recommend.
While this isn't a bad movie by any means, and will probably still delight most of the audience, I felt like it didn't quite have the spark of freshness that made the first Pitch Perfect so much fun. Enjoyable, but not aca-mazing.
The new movie seems awfully like a combination cover and mash-up of the first movie, repeating in its structure what the plot also repeats.
What felt like winking cheekiness in the first movie can come across now more like clumsy provocation.
Pitch Perfect 2 is a solid effort, and an entertaining one, too.
PP fans the world over will enjoy it thoroughly, and they'd better make sure they do too as it looks like this will be only sequel.
A movie that's crazy fun, and every bit as good as the first one.
If you loved the first one you'll probably find enough to like in Pitch Perfect 2, and that's enough - but just barely.
A cappella isn't something everyone wants to do, as Beca constantly reminds us, but for this kid, it's all she's ever wanted to do. And when Pitch Perfect 2 is at its best, it makes you feel, for just a second, like you want to, too.
Actress Elizabeth Banks takes over directing duties and delivers a sequel that's the right mix of funny and feel-good. Pretty much note-perfect.
Since it's a comedy about college a cappella, there's no lack of beats, literal or figurative. But they feel less fresh this time around.
The music is better and the comedy is worse.
Co-star Elizabeth Banks makes this her directorial debut, but her preference for plot-padding non sequiturs adds nothing but time to an already stretched-thin premise.
Overlong, it could be sharper and funnier but hits enough high notes with its infectious joie de vivre.
The machinery of this franchise already seems to be breaking down.
A few flashes of genuine wit are almost enough to cover for the lack of plot, but not enough to distract audiences from a bloated run time and a mean-spirited sense of humor.
LCD buffoons are competing for a fictional championship against other cartoon characters, this time your stereotypical Nordic types.
Get ready folks, the Bellas are back! And they're just as ACA-funny as they were the first time.
A boa notícia é que funciona; a má é que, para isso, basicamente repete tudo o que ocorria no original.
Despite the efforts of production, the script continues to be bland. There's not new situations or great plot development... and the end is predictable. [Full review in Spanish]
A fun time in the movies, good vibrato on the jokes and excellent rhythm between musical numbers. [Full review in Spanish]
The story goes to unearthy levels of ridiculesness, feeling like a parody of itself. [Full review in Spanish]
This is a rare comedy sequel that works, so let's hope they don't do a third.
An entertaining sequel that will please the fans of the first one. [Full review in Spanish]
The plot is just an excuse to show some musical numbers, which are the only good aspect of this movie. [Full review in Spanish]
Yes, the plot is just an excuse to link musical numbers but, who cares? [Full review in Spanish]
With great musical numbers, it retains the acid and politically incorrect that made the first one great. [Full review in Spanish]
Not as perfect as the first one, but it's not bad. [Full review in Spanish]
Not a total mess, but it's more of the same. [Full review in Spanish]
A movie made by women for women that aims to please its audience. [Full review in Spanish]
By and large, PP2 is a fun film with its best moments being of the musical variety.
The first movie was a sweet, simple song. This one is a gaudy production number. Both entertain, only one endears.
The singing in 'Pitch Perfect 2' is professional, exuberant and enjoyable. The script is, well ... not. But even though it's a messy screenplay, it works more often than it doesn't.
Has its moments, most of them musical.
It would be overstating to call Pitch Perfect 2 "bad". Mostly, it is profoundly lazy, slackly plotted... and tonally off.
The result, under the arrhythmic direction of the otherwise talented Elizabeth Banks, is a near-disaster-a comedy that isn't funny and a musical that isn't tuneful (and once again, this supposed a capella group doesn't sing unaccompanied).
Energetic but underachieving follow-up to 2012's fun musical comedy.
A movie trying too hard and not enough.
Luckily, Pitch Perfect 2 retains the musical verve that made the first film so great.
But when it's not being cheeky or a bit raunchy or taking its trilling topic lightly, it's overly serious in its underdogs-gotta-win-it storyline or stupidly crossing some ethical ethnic-joke lines. The finale voice-cracks into self-celebratory sentiment.
The musical numbers are still full of pep, but I can't say I'm desperate for an encore.
It is badly written, inexpertly directed, poorly acted, erratically paced, and features music of dubious worth.
Pitch Perfect 2 models positive female relationships amid some dope vocal gymnastics.
For whatever it lacks formally as a film, Pitch Perfect 2 wins you over with its joyous, infectious spirit.
Anna Kendrick's Beca, a mash-up maestro, spends the movie looking like she'd rather scale a fish than scale her vocals. (Maybe because Kendrick is nearly 30, and she's still playing a college student?)
Highlighted by outstanding production values and upbeat, entertaining music, this sequel far outpaces the original...mainly due to the music and choreography, overcoming a silly script with annoying lines, characters, and relationships...
Ethnic clichés abound, college comes off as a free sleepaway camp, and the simple wonders of unaccompanied singing are inflated to Las Vegas-style bombast.
Frankly I liked 'Pitch Perfect' better when it was an underdog movie the studio released on a wing-and-a-prayer.
There's no fizz, no spark, and worst of all, no purpose. It just kind of sits there treading its wheels, as it desperately searches for a reason to exist.
Stop me if you think you've heard this one before.
A road to redemption paved with wisecracks and wonderful harmonies.
It's funnier than most modern teen-oriented American comedies, and ends on a high note that will leave you thinking it's a far better movie than it actually is.
Silly and sassy, going for slicker, sharper sequel sisterhood...
As before, an ingratiating cast, some catchy musical arrangements and a raft of killer quips make for an irresistible combination.
Banks has a sense of humor that runs toward the randomly offbeat - but she also lives and breathes the Bellas' ethos of female empowerment and fun.
It actually is difficult to write a review of Pitch Perfect 2. First you have to think up and reject a bunch of adjectives and nouns to pair with "a ca," as in, "It's a ca-lousy" ...
Pitch Perfect 2 still has the charm, but forced jokes, stereotypes, and a bare plot stop it from fulfilling its potential.
"Pitch Perfect 2" is entertaining for sure, it's just not as good as it's freshman year.
It's not a disaster by any means, it's simply just a sequel that could have been better, but couldn't quite find the pitch.
I've yet to figure out the magic ratio where how much I'm laughing at a movie balances how much I'm cringing.
Not quite as fresh as the original, but still a bright, light, fem-centric frolic of music and goofy fun.
A rare sequel where audience investment is not entirely predicated on familiar faces going through familiar motions, and a rare series that seems intent on going out on a high note.
Pitch Perfect 2 will sate its target audience - though that audience may have trouble sharing the movie with casual comedy lovers.
The music is fabulous. The plot is silly on a grand scale. If Pitch Perfect 2 was a baseball game, this one missed the plate completely and is low, outside and in the dirt.
"There are worse cinematic crimes than being an amusing mess."
The good cheer from the first film is oddly curdled this time. Everything you like from the first film is back ... just not quite the same.
Like most sequels, Pitch Perfect 2 takes the blueprint of the original and fills it with new-yet-similar things. It's not redundant, and it is still very funny, but neither does it elevate the material it borrows from the first film into something better.
...there's a sense of desperation to the proceedings, whereas the first film felt so light and surprising.
Fun but uneven sequel doesn't hit original's high notes.
This sequel succumbs to a predictable syndrome and goes big when it should have gone home. Its self-satisfaction is a step toward cynicism, and that is what a Pitch Perfect film must never be.
What the films have going for them are fun characters and clever writing, both of which keep Pitch Perfect 2 from being a lazy rehash of the original movie.
Overall, the pitch isn't perfect, but through the dance numbers and some clever mash-ups, there's enough harmony and charm to leave one satisfied.
115 minutes. Can you guess how this tripe ends?
Does everything the 2012 surprise hit original did well, and also not so well.
As a structured film, it's not very good. As a showcase of voices, dance numbers, and just shear "Let us entertain you!" spectacle, it delivers. (Full Content Review -- Sex, Profanity, Violence, etc. -- for Parents also available)
Though the thrill of invention is gone, there's enough comic fertility and accumulated goodwill to sustain Pitch Perfect 2 through to its splashy and socially optimistic finale...
It may be calculated, but it gets the best out of a talented cast. And with a surfeit of charm and some killer wit muddled in, it'll surely win you over by the first big number.
As second rounds of comedies go, "Pitch Perfect 2" definitely is not perfect. Its script is more than a smidge pitchy.
Anna Kendrick's charm saves this film from being entirely predictable and only half funny.
I didn't like the first one, and I don't like this one.
What we have is an update that is tighter, slicker and fine-tuned in more ways than one - no doubt music to the ears of the fans of a flowering franchise.
A movie with attitude and energy that's not as aca-amazing as the original, but still makes for semi-shiny summertime fun.
It's at least 20 minutes too long. But Banks marshals things with such cheery uplift you're all too happy to spend time in the Bellas' company.
The humour is razor-sharp and the spirit of goodwill that infused the first film is alive and well while Rebel Wilson, as the group's plump heroine, is as funny as ever.
Everything in Pitch Perfect 2 is a little bigger, but none of it is better.
...a movie that will make you laugh out loud without feeling stupid.
The over-the-top racist caricatures feels horribly out-of-sync with the movie's positive message about girl power and friendship.
Unadulterated, unashamed, unaccompanied fun.
Like most sequels, Pitch Perfect 2 isn't as good as the original, but it has its moments - enough, just about - for lovers of the first film to like this one too.
Despite stereotypical characters and many flat jokes, the charisma of the cast and energetic direction won me over in the end.
It is an impressive feature directing debut, with Banks handling the high-octane chaos of "Pitch" with almost perfect aplomb.
Although Pitch 2 is mostly painless, with several fine musical numbers, especially Snoop Dogg's Christmas duet with Anna Kendrick's Beta, the dialogue voiced between the often agreeable a cappella chorals seldom rises above the lame.
Acca-heaven!
There's no interest in surprising us even a little bit.
As wardrobe malfunctions go, they don't get much more disastrous.
Pitch Perfect 2 is a very fragmented affair, more a selection of comic sketches than a coherent movie in its own right.
All things considered, a lesser "Pitch Perfect" film is ultimately still brighter, funnier and more clever than most of today's studio comedies.
The casual busyness of the plots does not distract from the essence of the movie, which is the pleasure and occasional stress of hanging out with like-minded girlfriends as you ease your way toward adulthood.
Like many of the musical artists whose songs are covered, the series has suffered a slump with its second outing. "Pitch Perfect 2" plays the notes, but not the music.
It's aca-awesome.
Despite so much returning talent (the film also shares the same screenwriter in Kay Cannon), Pitch Perfect 2 is singing a completely different tune from the 2012 original. And the notes are feeling a bit over-produced.
repeats the formula, and is far more phony as a result.
For an obligatory sequel, "Pitch Perfect 2" delivers material that's much more sharp than flat.
[I]f a musical can't even trust the music, what's the point?
Funny characters, funny dialogue, funny scenes, funny everything.
The grim arithmetic of sequels demands more of what worked the first time: more camp, more sincerity. Charm doesn't stand a chance. Crassness, on the other hand, holds up nicely.
It just about works, but it's a long way from perfect.
Actress-turned-director Elizabeth Banks delivers a comedy that's slightly broader than the first film, and just as infectious.
...this is the second female-driven comedy this year that proves women can be as tone deaf as men.
Pitch Perfect 2 is sweet, predictable story, but it's shored up by some hilarious and absurd action on the sidelines.
There are just too many moments when jokes fail to ignite and Banks' answer seems to be: "throw in another song."
Inspired musical numbers, an uninvested Kendrick and too many ethnic jokes make this comedy a mixed bag.
Feels tired and off-key, a bungled attempt to recapture the modest charms of its overrated predecessor.
The sameness of the two movies doesn't make the second feel like a re-tread. If anything, it feels comfortable.
The Barden Bellas have found their harmony again to make Pitch Perfect 2 nearly as much fun as the original.
Pitch Perfect 2 has the same obstacles that all sequels face: How do you make essentially the same movie, but not? The answer is as traditional as four-part harmony: Road trip, duh!
If Pitch Perfect 2 offers a lighter plot and less romance this time around, that's OK.
Pitch Perfect 2 is a summer sequel built on a foundation of bubble gum and big heart. This is a film that can be admired for its humility, humanity, and harmony.
It was almost inevitable, though, that the sequel couldn't match its original, and this too experiences a bit of sophomore slump -- largely because the plot is just all over the place.
Mostly, the middling Pitch Perfect 2 muddles along from incident to incident.
While just a jot less fun than its predecessor, Pitch Perfect 2 is a worthy sequel in tone, even if the story feels padded with a few too many montages.
Funnier and sleeker than Pitch Perfect, this is a rare sequel that hits all the right notes.
Some sweet sisterhood and truly fantastic musical performances get dragged down by awkward, lazy, embarrassing attempts at humor.
There's no effing fun in a summer where you can't sing along with the Barden Bellas. So thank the aca-gods for this spirited sequel in which familiarity does not breed Glee-style contempt.
Pitch Perfect 2 is a "heated mess," in spite of a handful of transcendent moments and a lot more just-okay ones.
As of today, this is the most delightful movie out there.
Second verse, not as good as the first.
The movie is really just a group of sketches strung together. But so was "Animal House" and "Caddyshack," really, and no one complains about them.
The movie's story structure is nearly identical to the first Pitch Perfect. If it's missing anything, it's the element of surprise.
Once again it's the story of a group whose members must improve a stale repertoire if they hope to win a competition. Which is essentially what sequels like this have to do.
Hey, at least nobody is sliding around freshly spewed vomit in this one. Small miracles, people.
Almost everything I loved about the original is missing here, even though the sequel tries to mimic it.
A bit stale and stilted, but it offers girl-power appeal.
A comedy that, if not always better than the first, is certainly more uproarious.
While it might not exactly be pitch-perfect, this funny and tuneful slice of easygoing entertainment will be pitch-good-enough for fans of the first film.
In 2012, Pitch Perfect came out of nowhere to become one of the most-loved comedies in recent memory, and the good news is that this sequel matches it...
These movies hit the four-quadrant notes that blockbusters require. There may not be massive explosions but the charm and voices among the ladies in the cast are its own special effect.
Pitch Perfect 2 is like a perfectly decent cover version of its predecessor.
It's not as smooth a ride as Pitch Perfect, but it doesn't really need to be.
As before, it's great fun to hear the singing, watch the choreography ... and enjoy the camaraderie of the extremely well-coiffed Bellas, all of whom are first-rate at bantering and hair-flipping. Next time, though, can we try another key?
It's a big, estrogen-filled, foot-stompin, booty-shakin' a cappella party, and I didn't want to leave.
It may not be well, you know, perfect, but this harmonious sequel still sings.
There are a half-dozen hilarious scenes, the Barden Bellas' new nemesis is awesomely weird, and you could hardly find a more endearing group of college students played by 30-year-old actresses.
The narrative stalling tactics do tire as they accumulate, but the chuckles come often enough...
It seemed natural that 2012′s Pitch Perfect would eventually receive a follow-up, but it seemed less likely that it would come out as dreary and uninspired as this one.
Banks deliver a steady trickle of bawdy laughs but the pacing - like Wilson - sags noticeably in the middle.
Pitch Perfect 2 hits all the same high notes the original did, and arguably goes a half step higher.
For a movie about the cheerfully bizarre world of competition a cappella singing, "Pitch Perfect 2" seems just as obsessed, if not more so, with characters who seem to be sexually confused.
Really, all the news is good about this sequel: It is, if anything, funnier than the original.
"Pitch Perfect 2" actually is more enjoyable than the original. First-time director Elizabeth Banks manages to move the story forward and wrap it up nicely without killing the concept.
Characters constantly exhibit needless, unexamined cruelty toward others, whether it's a close friend, a co-worker or a collegiate mascot. I thought this was supposed to be fun?
Pitch Perfect 2 is the bigger, bolder and more ambitious sequel you'd expect, and despite derivative storytelling, Elizabeth Banks orchestrates an undeniably catchy tune that audiences can happily sing along to.
Jokes fly like they're being shot from T-shirt guns at a gonzo pep rally, and not all of them stick the landing. But the story also gives big, joyful voice to groups whose members have spent their whole lives being targeted because of who they are ...
Serves it all up again, with just enough flashes of absurdist wit, musical brio and new characters to keep this serviceably fun follow-up from going down like a plate of lukewarm leftovers.
Pitch Perfect 2 is bigger, faster, and more energetic than the original. It is also a little better.
Pitch Perfect 2 is far from perfect, but still potent.
For big fans of the first "Pitch Perfect," the sequel will not aggravate or offend. But I swear, in one party sequence Kendrick appears to be stifling a yawn.
Aca-better
Still in tune, still somewhat funny, but the thrill for trills is gone.
Even stronger than its predecessor, which didn't quite go as far in terms of representing these young women in a wider context.
What endures, however, is the pleasure of a Hollywood movie with a female focus: they not only dominate the cast, but also set the prevailing tone.
Well before it drops a leftfield Sonia Sotomayor joke, it's pretty clear 'Pitch Perfect 2,' like its predecessor, isn't an Up With People pep-fest.
Pitch Perfect 2 tries to fork over many of the pleasures of the first movie without changing them around all that much.
The characters might not stray too far from their stereotypes and the jokes might be repetitive, but you're more than likely to leave the theater downloading the soundtrack on your phone.
A lazy attempt to recreate the little that worked in the first movie that never really justifies the reasoning to make a sequel.
Totally goofy but very sweet.
It's impossible to complain too much about a film that will leave you humming, quoting or both.
The enjoyably knowing flavour of the original is still present but feels strangely diluted in this sequel.
There's lots to love about the bigger, brassier, funnier sequel to the 2012 surprise hit musical comedy...the pace and gag frequency never really flag and the upbeat vibe of the film is effortlessly boisterous.
In [Pitch Perfect 2], everything is so scattershot ... just a series of endless subplots -- it's almost impossible to care about anything that's happening.
"Pitch Perfect 2" brushes lightly on fears of what's next, but is otherwise content to belt out a lesser satisfying tune about you-go-girl originality that is anything but.
Banks saves the best for last during the Bellas' big moment at the World Championships. It's a goosebumps moment that leaves you with such a wonderful feeling you might forget the bumpy road that got you there in the first place.
Lesbi-honest (nope, I'm not even sorry for that), it doesn't quite reach the same lofty heights as the first one, but this sequel comes pretty close.
For all its flaws, Pitch Perfect 2 does all it needs to do to entertain those who enjoyed the original.
As this overlong, lacklustre sequel demonstrates, a souffle can only rise once.
Reprising the kind of musical performances, campus hijinks, stinging humor and sassy sisterhood put in place by its eminently likeable predecessor, Pitch Perfect 2 remixes the elements and comes up with something even slicker and sharper.
Elizabeth Banks makes a credible directing debut with a riotous, even more female-driven sequel to the 2012 hit.
It's a good sign when a film has you crying with laughter three minutes in.
Above all else, Pitch Perfect 2 is a sleek joke-delivery system, interrupting its playful songs with goofy non sequiturs and good-spirited gags. It's basically the Jimmy Fallon of musicals.
As with Pitch Perfect, the actresses - Anna Kendrick, Rebel Wilson and Banks herself, joined this time by Hailee Steinfeld - are the film's real charm, alongside those show-stopper a capella sequences, choreographed again by Aakomon Jones.
Heavy on music and light on story, Pitch Perfect 2 lacks the creativity that made the original so much fun.
Just as it was in the first film, the sequel is all about the shamelessly wicked one-note gags, delivered hard and fast between countless kooky renditions of songs you haven't heard for ages.
...sticks pretty close to the formula of its predecessor, but it's saved by its sly humour, with digs flying thick and fast.
It's the offbeat nature of the characters and their approach to the a cappella music they sing that gives this upbeat sequel edge. In musical terms, you might say it feels syncopated

@highlight

Pitch Perfect 2 sings in sweet comedic harmony, even if it doesn't hit quite as many high notes as its predecessor.