No need for elaborate sets: a walk through a rose garden or a Mucha reproduction on the wall, will suffice, especially when our primary attention is riveted by the sensuous interplay of the two leads.
Despite its promising pedigree, Cheri doesn't ever find its way.
Pfeiffer maintains her poise throughout. It's not her performance that limits Chéri, it's the script, which too thin to support the emotional weight it's expected to bear.
Insubstantial bit of fluff, with whores sitting around dishing each other.
For a movie that is so steeped in sex and carries an R rating, there's a pretty scant amount of titillating sex.
full review at Movies for the Masses
Gallic liaisons that aren't especially dangerous - or intriguing.
Un correcto cuadro de época, entre la comedia picaresca y el drama romántico, con sólo una excusa para verlo: el regreso protagónico de Michelle Pfeiffer.
Director Stephen Frears made a nice job of The Queen but this is 'King awful.
Pretty, yet uneven, Cheri could have been much more had the details in its story matched that in its production design.
Frears does a fine job of capturing the look of turn-of-the-century France, as well as the essence of Colette's story.
Clever, charming, and slightly superficial, Cheri is the kind of pert period piece that gets by on a great deal of creative goodwill.
(T)he chemistry of these performers makes it not just believable but almost inevitable: emotionally guarded beauties who inadvertently allow affection into their relationship.
Scene after scene unfolds, with colourful costumes, attractive sets, knowing glances and innuendo, but also a feeling that this is a pedestrian read-through of a stage play.
A limp whore's tale set in the turn of the 20th-century in Paris.
The film is a comedy of manners with a powerful undercurrent of tragedy. Cheri is funny, sad and charming, and the ending may shock you.
Sadly the few good elements of Cheri only serve to highlight the films considerable inadequacies, and the only bedroom-based action it will inspire is a comforting nap, possibly before the end of the film.
What a drag it is getting old.
Remember Boyle and MacDonald's names: you'll be hearing them a lot when awards season comes around.
The challenge here is to make a film in which the protagonists frequently say one thing and feel another. It's a film which has to work on two levels, and it does.
Stretching out like a cat on the wide screen, Michelle Pfeiffer shows off her durable glamour in the star role of Lea de Lonval, a high-class courtesan in pre-World War I France.
At the centre of this film is the luminous Pfeiffer who knows only too well the ravages of time in an industry where youth and beauty are so valued.
The intense chemistry between Pfeiffer and Friend is what really elevates Cheri above the sum of its slender parts.
While it's not likely to be as admired as much as his Dangerous Liaisons, Frears - who is heard as the narrator - has given audiences an elegant treat that's easy to escape into, and there are skilful performances by the entire ensemble.
A disappointing script lets down the film despite its lavish costuming and consummate cast.
Unlike [Michelle] Pfeiffer, the script for Cheri has a tendency to sag noticeably here and there. She manages to pull the most out of it, however.
If the devil is in the detail, this is a devil of a film
Lying on a mattress and staring out with inarticulate wistfulness is to this film what answering the phone and marveling at the odd stag were to Frears's The Queen.
The camera's gaze is so steady in the lengthy final shot that we can't help but notice the imperfections in even Pfeiffer's famously lovely aspect, especially when the only noise we hear on the soundtrack is the muffled but ruthless ticking of a clock.
Chéri's saga of bad parenting ostensibly has to do with designs and rituals of love.
Frears revels in the painted silks and hothouse flowers of the era ... Friend often seems carved from alabaster... Pfeiffer is ... [t]rue to Colette's vision ... alternately steely and pliable, willing to bend yet unable to break.
No quote available.
A story that's as fragile as petals dropping from a flower.
Frears and Hampton are never able to balance the dramatic and comic elements, and the film feels dour and unpleasant.
A movie like Cheri needs the time and space of The Age of Innocence. Instead, it's rushed along in an hour and 40 minutes.
It's all about the wicked game of seduction, but there's a distinct unease about Pfeiffer's performance that permeates and dilutes this sophisticated yet poignant concept.
There's no depth to the surface machinations, no sense that the central romance features fully formed individuals connecting on an elemental level.
Lacks the precision and control of this same team's randy vicious Dangerous Liaisons but thanks to the lead actors, it stings and lingers
Thanks to a radiant performance from Michelle Pfeiffer, 'Chéri' occasionally overcomes a storyline that never quite develops momentum.
It's the kind of refined, delicate acting Pfeiffer does so well, and it's a further reminder of how much we've missed her since she's been away.
If I conclude that the film is ultimately a touch on the trivial side, I do not believe that I am accusing it of anything that the filmmakers didn't intend it to be.
I had to drag David kicking and screaming to see this film. What he doesn't understand is that I find films such as "Cheri" lush and sumptuous.
Pfeiffer and Friend are captivating in every scene they share.
Purportedly a tale of seething emotions, Cheri almost never registers love or anguish. It's banal.
These two lovebirds are playfully mismatched, and that's just why they fall for each other.
Cheri is a serviceable period piece, but not much more.
If ever there was a role to be cast based solely on looks, it's Colette's Chéri.
Michelle Pfeiffer is quite good, but the script leaves Kathy Bates -- talented as she is -- with a bit of a cartoonish performance.
Where is the passion? Where is the heat?
While Chéri occasionally plods along, Pfeiffer and Friend make up for those flaws by creating a passionate sexual chemistry on screen.
Modestly engaging story is enriched by delicious acting to become a good adult alternative to Transformers and Hogwarts this summer.
Stellar cast, topnotch director, impressive design%u2014all the components for a rich satisfying movie, but without a compelling story it's somewhat forgettable.
It's hard to believe that the smart Lea would remain interested for six hours, much less six years, with the vapid Chéri.
Like the exquisite costumes, the scenery is as gorgeous as most of the cast, providing the perfect backdrop for some unabashed escapism.
Chéri is a sad, intelligent film about coming of age late in life, looking in the mirror and wondering, "What happened?"
A smart and lushly romantic film adaptation of a Colette story of a doomed love.
The film itself, though, is all dressed up with nowhere to go.
Sex, money and power are at the heart of the story in Cheri. What's not to like?
There just isn't enough beneath the surface in Cheri to justify all the talent on hand.
Doesn't so much get anything wrong; it just fails to go oh so right.
Whereas Liaisons mixed cruelty, wit, sensuality and drama into a deliciously tart frappe, Cheri is pretty, tepid and dull, enlivened only intermittently by drolleries plucked whole from the Colette tales on which it is based.
With nothing truly at risk of being lost, we're left to ask, why are we here?
All the frilly hats, teasingly lit sex and delicious turns of phrases can't inject this adaptation of Colette's novel with enough drama to sustain its tight running time.
Chéri is a perfect example of a movie that gets many of the details right and the vibe all wrong.
Pfeiffer is curiously cold and brittle, while Friend never allows us to feel his character's anguish when he realizes the error of leaving Lea.
This costume drama doesn't have nearly as much bite as [Dangerous Liaisons], though the age reversal of its central romance gives it a certain topicality.
This wonderfully gifted actress, whose beauty has sometimes distracted from her abilities, here makes Cheri something rare and haunting.
Cheri may be too leisurely paced for the Fast & Furious and Terminator Salvation crowd. But if you're in the mood for a warm bath rather than a quick shower, you might find this bittersweet period piece quite moving.
Getting to see Michelle Pfeiffer in a big role is almost worth sitting though Cheri. But not quite.
The miscast Kathy Bates' incongruous turn (she's about as French as Captain America) provides some unexpected relief in this cinematic flatline.
The movie speaks to issues of traditional desirability and dignity, specifically to the point in a woman's life when she either makes decisions about how well those two qualities can exist together or has them made for her.
By the end, it almost seems as if Frears has wearied of the tale, bringing in the narrator to dispatch Chéri to his fate (an unhappy one) in a few well-modulated sentences.
Cheri, like the character, is an entertaining bauble without much on its mind.
The movie bogs down by going nowhere other than inside its characters, who are intensely passionate but of an era more curious than emotionally relevant.
Pfeiffer unfortunately has to share the screen with Rupert Friend, whose Cheri is a callow cad who needs nothing so much as a good slap...the movie suffers as a result.
Parental Content Review
On the page the narrator's tone is clearer than it is on-screen, where images dominate dialogue.
[Pfeiffer's] latest film, Cheri, finds her at the height of her ability, in a role worthy of her maturity and emotional intelligence.
In Chéri you see the frailty and the strength, yet you rarely experience either with the depth of feeling you might because of the palpable uneasiness surrounding her performance.
Lively, clever and beautiful in all ways, from its diverse cast to its period Parisian setting, Chéri is a worthy adaptation of the 1920 novel by French novelist Colette.
Chéri really doesn't work because its central love story lacks dramatic force or even enough fun scenes to keep us going.
Chéri should have swept the audience off their feet and carried them to the bedroom... but instead teases them with a whiff of perfume and a flirtatious wink.
A cold fish. It just lies there, too lethargic to be funny and too timid to be sexy, but not deep enough for any real drama.
If the movie were better -- less swoony, more relentless -- it might be unbearable to watch. As it is, Cheri touches on the insecure egotism of courtesans and movie stars with a knowing firmness.
...a good one for fans of period movies and Stephen Frears but left me less than satisfied.
...keeps one at arm's length, the subject handled with a light touch that keeps the emotions it should evoke at bay.
Chéri is far from dull, thanks in particular to Pfeiffer's languorously nuanced performance as a striking beauty whose dalliance with a boy first flatters her, then makes her feel her age and the emptiness of her fiercely independent life.
The movie looks beautiful but the story suffers, largely because the bond between Cheri and Lea is never particularly credible or compelling.
Cheri is an engaging romantic melodrama that provides an authentic sense of time and place.
The success of Stephen Frears' film Chéri begins with its casting.
Frears takes Hampton's wet-lipped hint and bathes the film in a booze-soaked haze of opulence and intolerance, employing masterful cinematographer Darius Khondji to deliver bold images.
Cheri strikes a jarring note right from the start.
With Pfeiffer, 50, radiating uncommon beauty, grace and feeling, Frears uncovers a fragile story's grieving heart.
Frears and his Liaisons screenwriter, Christopher Hampton, give us a period piece in which the settings are fab, but the liaisons aren't dangerous, or even romantic.
A numbingly wrong-headed period piece that misfires on virtually all cylinders...Hampton and Frears prove heavy-handed, and their clumsiness is magnified by the missteps of the cast.
Pfeiffer, uncertain how to convey the older, wiser erotomane, resorts to sounding like Samantha Jones auditioning for Masterpiece Theater, her décolletage the only part of this movie getting any air.
The chemistry-free and inexplicable romantic relationship between the two lead characters causes a ripple effect that dooms the entire movie.
It's not a good sign when you have to take the movie's word for it that the lovers at its center are really, really into each other.
Stephen Frears's adaptation of two combined Colette novels, never takes hold due to a myopic screenplay by Christopher Hampton, and from a severely misjudged performance from Kathy Bates that threatens to sink the film whenever her distinctly non-British
It's not a film of any great pungency. In the title role, Rupert Friend is perhaps even more callow than the part requires, and the wry narration, read by Frears, is wrongly pitched. The main drawback, however, is the not terribly exciting source material
The film is well enough acted, even if much of the underlying erotic turbulence is carried by Alexandre Desplat's insistent music, and it has a ravishing look. But it remains curiously blank.
The film works best when it's being a comedy of bad manners. Hampton has honed some glittering, dartlike lines of dialogue, and they're tossed around with poised aplomb by the immaculately dressed cast.
Technically, the film is spotless, with gorgeous cinematography, colourful costumes, detailed sets and a marvellous Alexandre Desplat score.
This glimpse into a decadent era has its charms, but they're mostly visual. While Pfeiffer and Friend perform well, the script is tonally confused and lacks edge.
The multi-talented and adaptable director Stephen Frears has produced one of his most dull, airless and conventional films.
Michelle Pfeiffer's performance helps to cover the flaws of this period satire.
we're treated to a group of dull-witted doyennes of the oldest profession, languishing on silk cushions, lazily point-scoring and carping.
Michelle Pfeiffer deserved the finest vehicle for her comeback. This is the film-equivalent of a knackered Trabant with four bald tyres and a farting exhaust.
Full of trinket-sized pleasures that never add up to more.
Sharp, droll script but Chéri himself goes missing.
Chéri is a very enjoyable and fascinating cinematic experience. Despite being set almost a century ago, the movie's central themes are very relevant to our age-obsessed contemporary society.
While too picture postcard and toothless, Cheri is an enjoyable, undemanding bouquet of period drama.
This reunion of Dangerous Liaisons talent is a lighter, less demanding confection than its blistering predecessor. Languid delights come in the shape of Pfeiffer, Bates and some extraordinary hats, but the title character is a wash-out.
Cheri radiates quality in every department, and - whether it's popular or not - this splendid achievement establishes him as one of Britain's very best film producers.
There's little in this period piffle to engage or entertain.
Beautifully directed by Stephen Frears, Cheri is funny, stylish - and made with class.
Only a fine performance from Pfeiffer and a couple of decent lines from Bates made it bearable.
Dazzlingly designed, the film salvages recognisable humanity in Rupert Friend's Chéri, aka the unromantic (to Anglo-Saxon ears) Fred. Elsewhere the movie is as insubstantial as a soufflé, and less intellectually challenging.
Intrusive narration from Frears doesn't help and the fact that Cheri is such a drip makes the all-consuming nature of the romance hard to swallow. The film just can't match the elegance and wit that come so effortlessly to Pfeiffer.
With barely a waft of plot, what glides you along is Hampton's delightfully barbed dialogue and the gorgeous backdrops. But if Dangerous Liaisons was vintage champagne, this is gluggable supermarket cava.
Chéri looks a real treat, which is half the battle. It may not quite give the measure of Colette, nor Frears at his absolute best, but you don't have to look at it through rose-tinted glasses to luxuriate in its splendour.
Pfieffer brings a real sense of vulnerability to proceedings, but Chéri is too passive a character and Friend simply isn't able to generate enough on-screen chemistry with her to make this work.
Enjoyable, sharply written drama with terrific central performances from Pfeiffer and Friend.
Mildly diverting but inconsequential, this costume drama reteams Pfeiffer, who's terrific as the aging courtesane but deserves better for a comeback, scribe Hampton and helmer Frears decades after the superior Dangerous Liaisons.
It is all beautifully costumed and set --items that should not be taken for granted.
The film belongs to Pfeiffer's Lea as she struggles to hold onto dignity in the face of age and crumbling vanity.











@highlight

A too-short script and a romance lacking in heat detracts from an otherwise haughty charmer.