You can easily tell how great a time everyone is having, and it's infectious.
This tedious mockumentary isn't even as entertaining as one of Ed Wood's actual films, and once-promising director Justin Lin has some karma to square for fumbling such a sure thing.
What exactly he's trying to say about Bruce Lee's fame and impact or the banal reality of genre moviemaking is unclear at best.
The pace is flat, the celebrity cameos go nowhere, and the smugness of Lin's observations of Asian-Americans and Hollywood smothers the comedy.
Misses more comic targets than it hits.
There's about five minutes of funny in Finishing the Game, which leaves 83 minutes of "Oh, that same joke again, huh?"
Finishing the Game serves up a kick-ass comedy about a dead martial arts star, starving actors and the Hollywood system.
Intermittently funny at best, but mostly full of dead air.
The breezy tone and obvious fun being had by the cast make Finishing the Game a slight, low-key cool cinematic essay on identity politics.
[T]here's little intriguing or surprising...
... too thin to sustain itself, even at a modest 83 minutes.
A very funny, equal-opportunity broadside that targets Asian stereotyping, and not just by non-Asians.
The premise was so golden and in front of our noses for so long, it's amazing that is has taken this long for someone to do it. I'm still upset that it wasn't me.
It's a wasted idea.
The main reason that I didn't like Justin Lin's new film Finishing the Game is because I wasn't sure at any time what he was trying to make...
Besmirching Bruce Lee's name like this should be a punishable offense.
What little potential there is ends up squandered within nanoseconds; as both a parody and a polemic, the film is finished before it's barely begun.
It feels as though everyone involved was having a rollicking good time, and while the film itself is wildly uneven, Lin and company get in a few pointed jabs at Hollywood fatuousness and self-delusion, cultural stereotypes and '70s fashions.
Call it a comic documentary, a true-life comedy, or a Hollywood satire, but however you karate chop this one, it's a kicky, clever, highly amusing romp.
Finishing The Game doesn't get anywhere that Hollywood Shuffle didn't go to first.
A genially scattershot mockumentary.
Lin is simply trying to stretch a modest idea too far.
You get the sense that Justin Lin has never even seen Game of Death... I've got to imagine there were some actual lines and scenes from Game of Death that would have been funny in this context.
A faux documentary grounded in ethnicity and mired in absurdity, Finishing the Game is a terrific idea still waiting to be fashioned into a real movie.
Has little respect for its source, using it only as a reason to watch foolish, untalented actors prove just how foolish and untalented they can be.
Ragged, spotty but shrewdly conceived.
A lot of the gags fall thuddingly flat, but a fair number of them also land squarely on target.
The film completely misses what should have been its real target -- the filming of Game of Death, a martial-arts campfest worthy of Edward D. Wood Jr.
Hard as it is to believe that anyone thinks the comic possibilities of polyester arrow collars haven't been thoroughly strip-mined, those are the primary source of ostensible laffs here.
If its critique sometimes lacks grace, it's nonetheless bolstered by a shrewd understanding of the way pop culture exploits minority differences for entertainment purposes.
A pleasant surprise with a high concept premise that allows for funnier situations and characters than some of Christopher Guest's last few offerings.
The search for the next Bruce Lee goes comically awry, but not comically enough, in Finishing the Game, a rice-paper-thin spoof that tries to poke fun at the endangered Hollywood species that is the Asian male actor.
Good-naturedly confront issues of racism and the stereotyping of Asian-American actors to question whether the bad old days are really so far in the past.
Equal parts affectionately silly and insightfully satirical.

@highlight

Though Justin Lin's premise is precocious enough, the sight gags and comic timing are tired in this mockumentary about Asian typecasting in the 1970s.