Captain Jack Sparrow at this point in the character's life is not the Jack Sparrow we love.
It's the Salazar show, and Javier Bardem does a good job of bringing him to life--even if his appearance seems to be inspired by Alice Cooper or Edward Scissorhands. . . .
The setpieces are often funny and the finale visually spectacular, but Depp is hanging on to this series as a source of treasure more than inspiration.
There are some funny scenes, but the plot is a jumble of unnecessary ideas and complications.
... a voyage you should make only if you are a very, very big fan who can cheerfully overlook a boat-full of problems.
Captain Jack Sparrow is back with his special compass directing him to whatever he wants most in life, which after watching Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Men Tell No Tales should be a better script... but it's still fun and adventurous escapism
Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Men Tell No Tales Closes a Chapter
As lumbering as its title, Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Men Tell No Tales will leave you running for the plank, or the exit.
... Johnny Depp's Jack Sparrow looks like one of these hamburgers that you leave in the fridge for months. [Full review in Spanish]
It's a perfectly fine, entertaining enough adventure back into the treacherous and fantastical waters.
Go on this final voyage. The seas might get a bit rough but the pirates won't rob you off a good time.
This is a step up from several of its predecessors but it still feels like the filmmakers wasted anopportunity to reinvigorate the franchise.
Watch it for its mindblowing imagery.
Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Men Tell No Tales is complete garbage.
Despite its very obvious attempts at renewal - with not one but two familiar faces returning to the piratical fray - this feels like a franchise that has either run its course or is flogging a dead pirate.
Dead Men Tell No Tales makes it quite evident that the franchise has run out of ideas and that it's time to finally put it to rest.
Actually, "awkward and forced" is a good way to describe the mishmash of subplots littering the film.
This is the fifth film, but why bother with another one?
Unfortunately, as Disney strive to create a more commercial film, the story-line has evolved to feel forced, immature and generic.
Time to let it sink.
Another one for Davy Jones' locker.
If you've managed to set sale without these Pirates until now, Ronning and Sandberg provide little reason to change your behavior.
As far as movies that shouldn't exist go, it's not actually half-bad.
Is this movie for you? It is not for you. It is not for anyone. Do not look at it. Look anywhere else. Look anywhere but the sunken eyes of Johnny Depp.
It's all about the box office and the bottom line for the (not just) animation giant
It's exhilarating, every bit of it, until the once-great, now depressingly bad Depp steps into the frame, slowing the action with maddeningly predictable pratfalls and faux-drunken slurs.
Charisma can only hold out so long against a lack of originality.
However, it's the script's long list of shortcomings that keeps the story from ever recapturing its previous glory, leaving us to think that it is perhaps time to abandon ship, for good.
The main problem with this film is that it feels like an unnecessary story since with five films, you can say that we have seen enough about these characters. [Full review in Spanish]
The film is an irregular entertainment, but its lack of pretensions and its commitment to the classic adventures of fantastic cut are effective. [Full review in Spanish]
It's not the worst one of the saga, but this ship already sank long ago. [Full review in Spanish]
Just when Disney's sea-faring fantasy franchise seemed all set to founder comes a leaner, cleaner installment that easily qualifies as the best-paced and most enjoyable of the lot.
Plenty of viewers of all ages will gobble it up and holler for more, but only fans of spectacle with no need of story, character development or wit won't feel that they've been robbed.
Oh, if only dead men told no tales. Then we might have avoided this fifth Pirates of the Caribbean adventure, which fails to justify its own existence in any way whatsoever.
There's a glint of life in this franchise yet.
An OK blockbuster that looks expensive but lacks truly epic or visually spectacular moments. [Full review in Spanish]
In its ability to spin mindless fun into heavy-handed bombast, the Pirates franchise is matched only by the Transformers films, and Dead Men Tell No Tales doesn't have the guts to be an exception.
There are lame, crude jokes about bottoms and horologists. There is $230 million of CG effects that never look like anything more than pixels. And then there's Depp's panto drunkenness.
undeniably fun at times, but also a little too familiar and derivative to achieve anything other than intermittent pleasures
An exhausting walk down a very long and garish plank.
As special effects refers, it's okay but at times the plot becomes unnecessarily long. [Full review in Spanish]
This fifth film in the long-running series never quite gets its sea legs. With a waterlogged script and a startlingly murky production design, this is the first movie in the franchise that lacks a sense of swashbuckling merriment.
The film gives the feeling that is longer than it actually is. In the end is the typical summer film: strident and empty. [Full review in Spanish]
The subtitle of the new Pirates of the Caribbean movie is "Dead Men Tell No Tales." The moral of the movie, alas, is that the same cannot be said of dead franchises.
The temporary alliances and perpetually battered maps are repetitive, while Depp's signature discombobulated banter, all haphazard and huffy, is mostly played out. What was amusing on first encounter in 2003 is now verging on the boilerplate.
It's a shame that Disney won't let this franchise sink. Soon enough, we'll forget why we loved this series in the first place.
Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Men Tell No Tales doesn't make much sense, and when it does, it's yo-ho-ho and a bottle of dumb.
Salazar's Revenge may be technically proficient and entertaining enough in fits and starts. But it lacks any real wow factor and struggles to recapture either the ingenuity of the early movies or bring anything new to the mix.
Not even a change of directors (Norwegian filmmaking partners Joachim Ronning and Espen Sandberg) can alter this oceanic monster's destructive course.
It's hard to be too enthused by Depp's performance since he's delivering the same repetitious material from the earlier films. The film is far more entertaining when he's off screen.
Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Men Tell No Tales isn't just standard issue bad; it's mind-numbingly boring. Abandon ship, gang. Seriously.
This is a rare sequel that I would argue is just as good, if not somewhat better the original.
Kaya Scodelario and the wonderful Golshifteh Farahani also feature, as does some mighty CGI. A dead horse flogged, but flogged with gusto.
The plots of these films have always been nonsensical, but this one seems daft above and beyond the call of duty.
If being dull, gruesome and obnoxiously loud weren't enough, Dead Men Tell No Tales makes sure to get in a blast of sexism, too.
Zombie sharks are jumped by Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Men Tell No Tales, our fifth and hopefully final ride through Disney's theme park franchise. You can cut in line ahead of me, if you like.
A rote exercise in Disney accounting.
A film for fans who don't want the ride to end. Folks, this is what beating a dead pirate looks like.
Has its rocky moments, but its outlandish action-sequences keep it afloat.
It would be a dereliction of duty to pretend any of it is fine... Any pretensions that Pirates isn't a shonky rollercoaster, constructed from dead crabs and dirty tights, has been fully abandoned.
It's like a piratical Fast and Furious. ... Equally stupid, too.
For a movie that never stops moving, Dead Men Tell No Tales is astoundingly dull, choked to death by expensive CGI, lumbering set-pieces, and a script seemingly cobbled together even after production was underway.
Perhaps cold, dead men and women write no reviews. Fortunately, there are survivors to herald the warning. "Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Men Tell No Tales" is shamefully unforgivable; wasting money, industry support, talent and time.
The plot is nominal, and so are the film's first 90 minutes (Paul McCartney cameo included).
The cursed part of the sea, that condemns men to a miserable haunted afterlife once entered, is a cave named the Devil's triangle. As Austin Powers once said, "paging Doctor Freud".
Everything about this new installment seems fresh. Johnny Depp shows once more he was born to play Jack Sparrow.
This soggy sequel sails off-course. It's a surreal shipwreck. Argh!
Marginally fun, but it's time for this protoplasmic franchise to finally give up the ghost.
Dead Men Tell No Tales is flawed, but it's still better than Marshall's film and the weirdness that overpowered and eventually ruined Verbinski's original trilogy.
Directors Joachim Rønning and Espen Sandberg soon lose control of their vessel, serving up bland nautical action alongside their predictably unbearable protagonist.
Indeed, the only appreciation for Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Men Tell No Tales is a damning one: It somehow manages to be worse than the already low expectations set for it.
Salazar's Revenge is a solid couple of hours escapism and - whilst there might be the law of diminishing returns to some after seeing this - don't bet on Sparrow and Co. sailing off into the sunset just yet.
Fantastic visuals, an epic ride, never a dull moment in this coldly calculated, smoothly crafted concoction of action, slapstick and mumbo-jumbo magic.
Except for a few death-defying special effects, it's two-plus hours of yo-ho-ho and a bottle of dumb.
It's not the best movie of the summer, but I guarantee we're going to see worse.
Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Men Tell No Tales is so convoluted, it feels like the first seafaring adventure from The Da Vinci Code's Dan Brown.
The bounty of bawdy bits feel borrowed from Benny Hill ("No woman's ever handled my Herschel before!" says a stunned telescope operator), while the slapstick violence skews toward the Three Stooges.
For the first time since the franchise starter (...The Curse of the Black Pearl, 2003) one is led to exclaim, 'Entertainment, ahoy!'
Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Men Tell No Tales is an adequate series sequel, but fails to leave any lasting impression on the audience.
The result is a bloated, lumbering ship with no one at the helm.
As a movie it's disposable. As this year's edition of a favorite ride, it will likely satisfy.
Dead Men shows life when there are big action scenes. If 30 minutes of jumbled mythology and cheesy writing had been cut, the movie would have had an action beat as driving as the heart-pounding score by Geoff Zanelli.
Is this really only the fifth entry in the Pirates film franchise? It feels like the 50th. Except for Javier Bardem, who brings a dollop of fresh mischief to this paycheck party, Dead Men has all the flavor of rotting leftovers.
It's a perfunctory film to pass some time, but Pirates of the Caribbean is another series suffering from franchise fatigue and it needs to be put to bed or somehow find a fresh lease of life.
So, um, that's it. Pirates 5 is grand. Better than expected. A serviceable sequel. Will there be another one? Dunno. Depends on how fast Johnny Depp spends his pay cheque.
Directors Joachim Rønning and Espen Sandberg work up a stormy sea-parting finale that is better than anything in The Ten Commandments. Again, the trick to enjoying this film is to expect nothing.
Funny But Too Loud and Dark
I daresay it is the very best fourth sequel ever made to a movie based on a 50-year-old theme park ride.
Johnny Depp, has long been afflicted with one of his own: The Curse of the Giant Franchise Movie Series. In his fifth (or is it sixth?) reprise as Captain Jack Sparrow, it's pretty clear this is a marriage of extreme financial convenience and little else.
Depp does what he does best: steal the show with his rum-guzzling, hilarious lines and his devil-may-care attitude.
The first half-hour seems like a proof of concept of what the series was meant to be -- a binge-worthy, half-hour sitcom rather than a strained, emotionless movie.
Since Johnny Depp gave up caring about two films ago, his Captain Jack Sparrow (the role that finally plucked him from teen heart-throbbing and cult popularity and made him a proper star) is no longer especially funny.
Fresh. barely. Johnny Depp's now dull, bumbling, mumbling & stumbling Jack Sparrow drives you to the film. His ship sailed long ago. Only the amazing effects make this work.
There are no new treasures to be found in this installment, which is dragged down by the anchor of a prescribed franchise blueprint.
This amusing buccaneering adventure, fifth time to sea, isn't ready to walk the plank just yet.
The plot is a tired rehash. Still, there's something to be said for big, buoyant spectacle in a summer movie. (I mentioned the ghost sharks, right?)
The franchise has grown long in the tooth and the film's final scene would be a satisfying end to the series, if Disney's willing to let their cash cow go before it outstays its welcome.
This is a franchise which may have run out of the kind of steam film critics are looking for, but it still delivers for the popcorn munchers.
Like the Disney theme-park attraction, a gently thrilling ride with lots to look at and an unenthusiastic Johnny Depp making an obligatory appearance as Captain Jack Sparrow.
But even with a not-so-subtle passing of the torch hinting at potential future sequels or spinoffs, here's hoping this really is the last cruise of the Black Pearl.
Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Men Tell No Tales is an egregious example of bloated franchise filmmaking, an exercise stuffed with idiocy and sorely lacking in fun.
Dead Men Tell No Tales is an all-around underwhelming experience.
In the smaller character moments the film is at its best, so it's a shame the script is such a bucket of burley.
The flick certainly puts its money up on the screen for all to behold. I just wish some of that had gone into paying for a better screenplay. (Full Content Review for Parents - Violence, Sexual Content, etc. - also Available)
Shhhh! Don't wake Master Depp. He's sleeping through his latest paycheck film.
Easily the best since the 2003 original—which is to say it's mediocre but occasionally diverting, and doesn't cause one to want to run screaming from the theater.
...ultimately feels just as bloated and overlong as any of its subpar predecessors...
It often feels like one long chase but the special effects are impressive and the film makes the most of its classy, Oscar-winning cast.
A watchable picture, even reminiscent here and there of when the franchise still felt fresh and original.
To accuse Depp of phoning it in would be to flatter him. In this fifth run-out as Sparrow he barely has the energy to tweet it in.
Now in its fifth outing and trying to press reset after an unnecessary fourth movie, Depp's campy performance in that role is losing crucial energy and humour.
It's fast paced but goes nowhere new and the film's "bigness" makes it hard to remember what an amazingly unexpected treasure The Curse of the Black Pearl was.
Over the course of 14 years of playing this character, Depp has run out of new things to do with his performance, and is now pretty much emailing it in.
Jack Sparrow may be a second skin for Depp, but he's delightfully, boozily amusing --- a perfect example of an identifiable character.
I can't recommend this film to anyone but "Pirates" diehards, and Johnny Depp devotees.
We had zero hope for the fifth chapter in the waterlogged Pirates of The Caribbean franchise. And we were wrong. This thing is terrific.
The fact is, Pirates, you are so insultingly lazy it's a wonder anyone puts up with you at all. If you were a person, I'd have thrown you out the house years ago.
As expected, there's little subtlety in Salazar's Revenge. It's over-the-top comedy and loud action, unnecessarily salacious jokes and copied scenes from the original.
For fans who've stayed on board, this is a rewarding final act. But for others who've long since tired of this ride, there's little reason to sail away for this voyage.
Johnny Depp is adrift at sea, shipwrecked aboard a sinking vessel, drowning in a typhoon of CGI murkiness. Savvy?
With no interesting characters to lean on, Rønning and Sandberg need lots of imaginative action set pieces to provide any thrills. Sadly, the action is generic and drags on for far too long, which doesn't help the already lethargic pacing.
In short, Dead Men Tell No Tales feels like a lazy rehash of old ideas.
Productions like this come and go, crumbling tentpoles to be replaced by new timber, but they are self-fulfilling prophecies, and dire ones, about the future of the theatrical movie business. They're accomplices in a soul heist.
Boring. That's how I'd describe the latest Pirates film. Apparently, live men tell leaden tales like this, overstuffed with subplots and uninteresting characters. I'd rather walk the plank than spend another two hours with Jack Sparrow and company.
The action set pieces and bravura visual effects are among the franchise's selling points, and at least on this score, [the film] doesn't disappoint one bit.
The show is brilliant and the screenplay is full of incidents so Johnny Depp recreates himself in his facet of comedian. [Full review in Spanish]
Unfortunately, giving directors the chance to let their imaginations run riot can lead to tiring excess and that is what happens in this fifth episode of the series.
Ultimately, buckles are swashed in time-honoured fashion in a series where the splendid special effects have done more than their fair share of keeping things afloat.
If you're willing to pay to see the fifth instalment of a movie that began as a theme park attraction you can't really complain about being taken for a ride.
Nothing in the story really takes precedence over the action, but this is about the ride, which for the most part is enjoyable.
Occasionally mildly entertaining, but mostly a dreary chore.
For as much talking as these characters do about it, the magical thingamajig might as well be the movie's central character.
The money is on the screen, Captain Jack is still a drunk and Bardem creates another infamous villain. Jack is not gay anymore.
Talented cast can't save tired, action-heavy franchise.
Dead Men Tell No Tales hasn't the faintest residue of piratic thrill. It arouses no joy, no sense of daring. The prevailing register, instead, is indifference -- the bone-deep dispassion of mediocrity.
No tale at all would have been an improvement on this exhaustively bland one.
Maybe if I watched it again, Dead Men would make more sense, but here's the thing: I didn't get Curse of the Black Pearl all in one go either, but I knew I wanted to watch it again.
If you've never seen a Pirates of the Caribbean, this one will pass the time nicely. If you have, Dead Man Tell No Tales may invoke déjà vu.
Dead Men Tell No Tales, coming in at a mere 129 minutes, is the shortest of the five films, but it feels like a very long slog from titles to credits.
Popcorn munchers and franchise fans will find plenty to like.
'Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Men Tell No Tales' is indeed see-worthy.
Its pleasures are so meager, its delight in its own inventions so forced and false, that it becomes almost the perfect opposite of entertainment.
It's hard not to get on board this swashbuckling romp - particularly with Johnny Depp in fine form.
[It] tries to turn back time, seeking to replicate the first 2003 film's chemistry. That attempt to swim against the tide doesn't entirely work, but at least delivers moments that fleetingly jolt this... fifth installment to sporadic life.
Like its predecessors, Dead Men is a wishy-washy movie that isn't violent or edgy enough for adults but feels just a bit too disgusting and unsettling for kids.
Fans of the originals will recognize enough connective tissue to make them mindful of the first trilogy, & average viewers will find more than enough to enjoy & make them glad they bought a ticket.
I found Dead Men Tell No Tales to be passably fun and certainly no harder to watch than any of the better-pedigreed blockbusters this year.
Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Men Tell No Tales isn't the best in the franchise, but it's certainly not the worst.
A fairly charmless and wearingly frenetic sequel with a feeling of desperate obligation to it.
"Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Men Tell No Tales" remains true to its Disney theme park roots. Loud, overstimulating and hard to take in all in one sitting, it feels like the vacation that you'll need a vacation from.
Has any actor ever seemed as comfortable in a role as Johnny Depp channeling Capt. Jack Sparrow? I suppose it's the equivalent of us slapping on saggy sweat pants and a ratty T-shirt for some serious Sunday couch time.
Padding out its muddled 129 minutes with the sluggish pace of a funeral barge, it marks the ignominious low of a once great series. It lacks yo-ho-ho.
Better than the last one, but that's not saying much. Time for Jack Sparrow to retire, although Geoffrey Rush occasionally livens things up, and Kaya Scodelario is one to watch.
Depp, who once was among the most risk-taking actors in film, seems to be merely going through the motions.
Worth it for the astonishing open set-piece, but the rest is hot garbage.
Well, blow me down - the fifth entry in a listing franchise is the best "Pirates" movie since the first.
How was the movie? It was okay, I guess! Second best Pirates of the Caribbean movie! With a bullet! (For the record, that's not really a compliment.)
Dead Men Tell No Tales works mostly as a stand-alone adventure that doesn't require the viewer to be familiar with Pirates canon.
I often say of these popcorn movies that even when they're fun, they're forgettable. Dead Men was a movie I was forgetting while I was watching it.
Better to scupper this armada of waterlogged mediocrity as soon as possible.
It's stuffed to the gills with effects executed by the highest-paid artists and technicians in the business. But it's still a sorry spectacle.
Been there, plundered that.
There is a nostalgic charm, but like opening a "Greatest Hits" album from an old favorite 14 years on, you aren't at risk of finding anything new here. Much less exciting.
It's not the worst of the Pirates sequels, but it's not anywhere near as good as the first film either.
After sailing around for nearly 15 years, the franchise feels overstuffed and waterlogged, all a-swirl with bustle, swill and bilge.
The dead tell a tale in the latest Pirates of the Caribbean movie, but unfortunately that tale is erratic, filled with holes, peppered with far-too-convenient plot points and tarnished by over-the-top situations ...
Early reports on "Dead Men" suggested it was a step up from the last couple of "Pirates" pictures. That's like saying Grandma showed impressive speed in outrunning Great-Grandma.
Typically convoluted and interminable.
It's a strange thing for a movie to get more quiet when cannons fire.
It has a few thrilling action sequences, but it's often loud, dumb, exhausting and, most unfortunately, lacks the wit, excitement and fun that made the first Pirates of the Caribbean so entertaining.
"Tales" doesn't possess the ambition to be anything more than yet another noisy "Pirates of the Caribbean" misfire.
The most see-worthy entry in the 'Pirates' franchise since the first installment, but still a comparatively leaky vessel, with Depp's Sparrow in particular a shadow of his former self.
The best in the series since the original. Manages to capture some of the adventure and magic feel of that first entry. [Full review in Spanish]
Maintains its lightweight and sensational standard but seems resigned to continue repeating its Big Hits instead of sailing into unexplored waters. [Full review in Spanish]
A cartoonish Depp and a muddled plot send this fifth "Pirates" film to the bottom.
Won't do more than recast elements from the first film without bothering to figure out why they worked the first time through or if they should be repeated.
It's fine for a bit, and even pleasant, but then you realize that you've seen all of these things before, and they aren't getting any fresher.
Dead men may indeed tell no tales, but dead film franchises will go right on tearing up tickets until audiences finally wise up.
When the opening sequence of Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Men Tell No Tales was done, I had a huge smile on my face. I wish I could tell you it lasted.
Does the world really need a fifth Pirates of the Caribbean movie? Is there a limit to the amount of times a Hollywood studio can yell, "Captain Jack is back!" before the collective audience replies: "Who cares?!"
Dead men may tell no tales, but bored audience members do. Open bar, anyone? Can we toast the end of this franchise? Please?
Depp still charms, although his eccentricities get buried under the galumphing theatrics of directors Joaquim Rønning and Espen Sandberg.
Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Men Tell No Tales isn't a terrible sequel, just a disappointing one.
The series remains as big, brash, action-packed and, well, downright silly as ever.
A surprisingly sprightly and enjoyable late entry in the Pirates Of The Caribbean franchise.
In order to survive and thrive, the franchise needs to stop relying solely on Depp and introduce younger characters who can carry future movies.
It feels like an eternity of shtick, a ceaseless rattle of cartoon imagery protracted to the point of boredom and exhaustion.
The whole endeavour skips along at a rate of knots -- however, like too many of its predecessors, Salazar's Revenge runs aground in an overlong and patience-sapping final forty minutes.
We have Oscar winners Geoffrey Rush and Javier Bardem hamming it up beneath all the makeup and CGI trickery, and that's a hoot. Bardem's Salazar is a genuinely frightening creation.
The problem is that none of it is fresh; larger helpings of stale ideas cannot mask the thinness of the storytelling.
While the pieces remain, there's no life left in this franchise. It should have sailed off into the horizon ten years ago. The Pirates' life is over.
Ever ridden an amusement-park ride once and it was really fun and exciting? And then you rode it again and again and it got less fun, until finally you wondered why you liked it in the first place? And here we are.
Johnny Depp's perfunctory gestures and flailing pratfalls befit a film that brings the franchise's theme-park roots full circle.
They get the tone right -- affectionate. Ask the "Baywatch" boobs how important that is.
If it were better - if it were merely a neutral experience - it might be called a waste of time. But sitting in a theater fighting restless leg syndrome is more than a waste of time; it's actively unpleasant.
[An] ugly skyscraper of a film; to build it must have been a monumental undertaking (that cost Disney a reported $230million), but what, if anything of merit is the outcome?
Another jolly roger of a comedic adventure in the Caribbean, Pirates 5 (for shorthand) is as robust as it is helter skelter.
It's not a great movie or top-notch entertainment, but it does tell a fun enough adventure to regain faith in a saga that had given clear symptoms of burnout. [Full review in Spanish]
Sparrow even jumps over a shark in Dead Men-a zombie shark, but a shark nonetheless.
In the end, Dead Men Tell No Tales does what it says on the tin, and that's fine.
Trouble is you'll probably have amnesia akin to a Sparrow-inspired hangover tomorrow because you're unlikely to remember much from this tall tale.
Directors Joachim Ronning and Espen Sandberg do a great job directing a Pirates of the Caribbean movie. They make the sea look majestic as they did in their film Kon-Tiki.
The stench of the inevitable is all over Dead Men Tell No Tales.
The story once again centers on Johnny Depp's Captain Jack Sparrow, a character who at this point makes more sense in a Party City clearance aisle than on a multiplex screen.
Proves that it may finally be time for Captain Jack to hang up his sword and give up the pirate's life for good.
But now we're at the fifth movie with Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Men Tell No Zzzzzzz....sorry, even the title is overlong and dull.
The franchise finally overstays its welcome with this cacophony of CGI spectacle, a contrived and confusing plot, and a newly cruel and stupid Jack Sparrow.
The most enjoyable sequel so far, thanks to a fresh-off-the-boat directing team and a script that actively strives to recapture the magic of the first film.
Salazar's Revenge quickly reminds you why we all fell in love with Depp's Captain Jack Sparrow and his drunken exploits in the first place.
At 129 minutes, it is also the shortest instalment in the Pirates saga, so that's something I suppose.
So hollow are Henry Turner, Carina, and at this point Jack Sparrow that there's not nearly as much joy as there should be in watching them run amok across the land and sea.
Poor chemistry between Thwaites and Scodelario also dampens the affair, leaving Depp with too much to do.
Five films into the Pirates of the Caribbean series, the truth must be faced: the preening Captain Jack Sparrow, played by Johnny Depp, is just not as charming as he used to be.
After this fifth episode, you'll wish Disney would just declare the franchise dead and tell no more tales.
I left the theater relieved that Dead Men Tell No Tales is better than the last Pirates movie and also hoping that this IS the last Pirates movie.
Maybe it's nostalgia or the fact that nautical adventures remain far less common in the multiplex than superhero fare, but the series' central charm is precious cargo whose returns have yet to entirely diminish.
The most divertingly enjoyable since the first. A professionally crafted brew of action, slapstick and supernatural mumbo-jumbo, it's less likely to spur timepiece glances than did the last few bloated installments.
Dead Men Tell No Tales is wildly uneven, but an improvement over the last installment. Johnny Depp goes to the well, but still rules the sea as Captain Jack Sparrow.
Whatever charm and charisma Johnny Depp once had is well and truly lost at sea.
Five films in, Pirates still leaves you feeling a lot like the Magic Kingdom ride it's so famously inspired by: alternately thrilled, exhausted, and seriously regretting that last funnel cake.
The film is not unlike a classic rock super group reuniting to play all the greatest hits, with the payday at the end as the only true motivation, rather than returning with something new to say about their work.
Well, at least it's short.
Setting a mercifully brisk pace for the often long winded adventures, the story reaches a safe berth in a little over two hours.
Dead men may tell no tales, but with Disney's latest Pirates sequel, I'm not convinced that living men can tell tales with any more intrigue.
With incoming co-directors, fresh faces, surprise cameos and a rollicking script, this fifth instalment sparkles like pirate booty.
Better hoist a distress signal fast, maties. This ship's sinking fast -- and there's no safe harbor in sight.
Not the return to form you might have been hoping for. Its story might cover all the same beats as the 2003 original, but there's little of that film's spark or spirit.
A mostly fun partial reset, but this series needs to slip its moorings and make for new horizons.
Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Man Tell No Tales is practically incoherent.
Dead Men Tell No Tales moves at a faster rate of knots than any Pirates film; trouble is, nothing has really been added. It's the same soggy ride, set to a marginally preferable speed.
Manages to put a bit of wind back in the sails; though not enough to return the franchise to its swashbuckling best.
The long-running joke of the series is that pirate Jack Sparrow never learns and never changes; perhaps after five films a change might do him -- and us -- some good.
Little wonder the plot wobbles like Sparrow negotiating a crumbling rooftop, but its transparent purpose helps keep the footing fleet.
Cinematic fool's gold. Choppy waters ahead for the franchise...
Depp remains wholeheartedly the focus of this fifth Pirates film, and saying the character's loopy novelty has faded is like complaining that there are maggots in the below-decks gruel: You knew what you were getting when you came aboard.
The franchise has lost a bit of its luster with every successive installment, but never has a "Pirates" film felt this inessential, this depressingly pro forma.
The most important lesson from the new Pirates of the Caribbean? Ghost sharks should have been added a long time ago.
It's a slight, but enjoyable epilogue to what was once a groundbreaking franchise.
Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Men Tell No Tales suggests the time has come for this franchise to hang up its tricorne hat.
The whole movie is so nonsensical that it almost seems like a misguided aesthetic choice.
It is time to let this series rest in peace, or at the very least, spend the rest of its doomed, immortal days sinking to the bottom of the ocean.
Hardly original nor necessary, but a fun and absorbing escapade on the Seven Seas.

@highlight

Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Men Tell No Tales proves that neither a change in directors nor an undead Javier Bardem is enough to drain this sinking franchise's murky bilge.