This is a good-looking film, and Jackson is just so much fun to watch. The other horror films that are out there? This one's a slither above them all.
A movie about snakes on a plane does not need to be straightforward; it only has a shot if it is either genuinely scary or so incredibly over the top it's funny. Snakes on a Plane is neither, but maybe Snakes on a Boat will be better.
Few studio-supported films match its B-movie nirvana of stupid-goodness. It's exactly what its title suggests and more ? the proof in the primal levels ranging from basic exploited fears to the crowd?s roaring reactions and howls of humor or horror.
A snarky genre exercise and its own late-night sketch parody, it parades nothing so much as the force of the public's lowered expectations
Although the film's production company New Line retooled the movie from a PG-13 to an R rating with ideas and dialogue from web fans, "Snakes On A Plane" is a boring ride.
It hurts so good. Mike, Cro, Tom, we need you...
Its genre elements are completely honed down to their basest elements and exploited for the most fun possible.
Even if viewed entirely on its own terms, this film, like any snake, tapers at its end.
it was the best of times, it was the worst of times.
Its trash pic spirit locates funny nuances of human behaviour.
With entertainment this cardboard and weightless, isn't a response like disappointment disproportionately complex?
Snakes fails for the simple reason that it is a terrible, terrible movie.
The self-explanatory title of this campy disaster flick represents a rare case of cinematic truth-in-advertising, because it's all about snakes on a plane.
I kept imagining the Zucker brothers doing this. Could there be a sillier premise for a movie than snakes on crack?
It's too bad to work as thriller, but not nearly bad enough to earn a place in movie infamy.
The fact that there's a movie called Snakes on a Plane is a small miracle. The bigger miracle is that Ellis's hugely engaging popcorn flick is nearly as much fun as the movie that was already running in our heads.
click to read full review [Greek]
only gluttons for the tacky sub-genre of B-movie creature features will likely appreciate (or even see) this barge of filmic cheese, but for them, this is almost an all-you-can-eat buffet.
A solid little B-movie arriving cloaked in the dodgy garb of a fanboy phenomenon, Snakes on a Plane really ought to garner some sort of award for truth in advertising: It's exactly what it says it is and very little else.
Should convince studios that banking on computer-weaned kids to actually leave their keyboards to venture out of the house and pay for a movie was, is and will remain a bad idea.
One day, should the American Film Institute loosen up and offer a list of the 100 Greatest B Horror Movies ever made, David R. Ellis' "Snakes on a Plane" deserves a spot on that list.
Intentional low camp always seems wrong unless it's very funny; in trash, one wants clumsiness, even a certain tackiness, and this movie has the production values and the high-tech fluency of a much bigger movie.
All those CGI snakes can be quite shudder-inducing. But there is also something cheerfully ridiculous in the way the film switches to rubber snakes for hand-to-hand combat.
Has the thinnest imaginable premise (see the title) and yet manages to be more fun than most big-budget summer blockbusters.
Ends up just being a fairly good Bad Movie.
All very well, but it is by no means the giddy delight that the fans hoped for.
Jackson's unflinching eyes carry this B-movie gem, a film that turns out to be everything it, and a legion of online fans, said it would be.
Snakes plus a plane plus a year of Internet hype do not a blockbuster make.
The action is more repetitive than clever (snakes slide and bite, victims clutch wounds and gasp).
Make no mistake, this movie is trash, but it's meant to be, and I'd be lying if I said it wasn't also a lot of fun.
[A] blast for anyone who appreciates scares, laughs and all-out entertainment in their summer flicks.
Snakes on a Plane has an irresistible title and an impressive promotional campaign -- but pitches aren't plots, and marketing isn't moviemaking.
Pretty fun and takes advantage of its goofy premise in every way it can ... [but] I really don't envy the position this movie found itself in.
Imagine if you will that a monstrous, CGI-sized jumbo python has squeezed together Airport and Alligator. What you'd then have is Snakes on a Plane.
The movie isn't just mediocre -- it's profoundly mediocre.
...mostly delivers what the title promises and the anticipation hoped for...mostly.
Put simply, this is quite possibly the most fun you'll have in the cinema all year. If you like the title, you'll love the film. Highly recommended.
Snakes was the best instantly disposable cinematic event I've attended since Bride of Chucky was launched on an unsuspecting world eight years ago.
This kind of film should be like a porno: Don't even bother trying to come up with a plot, just cut to the money shot.
The movie plays to every expectation the viewer might have -- the more absurd, the better. In this regard, it doesn't miss a trick.
This repitilian horror thriller is the stuff of which nightmares are made.
One important reason why Snakes on a Plane works is "supercool" Samuel L. Jackson. Quite honestly, I don't think the film would be as good if it were Josh Lucas, or Dennis Quaid, or Kurt Russell fighting the snakes.
It's easily the best popcorn movie of the summer.
Briskly paced and crassly entertaining, it's a happy, crappy B-Movie that delivers exactly what it promises. (Yes, that means snakes -- plenty of them. On a plane, no less.)
Faced with such an enthusiastic fanbase, all that director David Ellis had to do was deliver on the promise of his brilliant title, and he has done exactly that.
Jackson is key to keeping Snakes on a Plane from slithering into complete preposterousness.
Still, this infectious high-in-the-sky thriller radiates with an exploitative off-the-cuff sly wink that's both calculating and campy.
A triumph of high-concept but low-ambition filmmaking.
Diving into the merits of a movie where people are dodging snakes whipping through a depressurized cabin is a bit like trying to pick apart the subtext of Space Mountain.
There's a certain knee-jerk impulse to bash Snakes, just because of all the ridiculous buildup, but the film delivers on its promise of reptilian fun, with a camp mix of comedy, horror and suspense.
Snakes on a Plane is the missing badass cousin of the original kitschy Airport films from the '70s
Kiss my asp.
Yeah, I know that it's something Snidely Whiplash or Wile E. Coyote would think up, but you knew what you were getting into when you decided to see this thing.
SoaP is everything its cracked up to be and more, a monster movie and disaster flick rolled into one
Do these snakes deliver? Do they ever! More action-packed fun than just about any movie seen this summer.
Finally%u2026here's what all the hisss-teria is about.
It's hard to imagine a more entertaining premise for a thriller and, for the most part, Snakes on a Plane delivers the tongue-in-cheek fun implied by its title.
'Snakes are definitely a mid-air danger,' said Homeland Security chief Michael Chertoff. 'It's on the list right before 'holding your palm in front of a pilot's eyes to block his view.'
Truly, this is the greatest movie about snakes on a plane ever made so far!
Snakes on a Plane is good fun that could have been great fun.
As I said, SOAP makes no apologies and that is the beauty of it. It's rare that a movie is presented as "It is what it is".
A diverting bit of faddish silliness; enjoyable for what it is, but presuming more in its oddly postmodern way than it has any right to.
This is the stuff of direct-to-video trash, but what fun trash this is.
!@#&*! Sam Arkoff must be screaming 'I told you so' from a !@#&*!mountaintop -- because it took Hollywood 35 !@#&*! years to discover what he knew all along.
Strictly B-movie but rocking with energy.
never less than entertaining
It pains me to say this, but, believe the hype. Once it gets going, "Snakes On A Plane," is a pure rush of fun and "oh my god, I can't believe they did that," moments.
A Rocky Horror group experience. SOAP has too much nasty fun to miss.
Not witty enough to be a spoof and not frightening enough as a horror tale, this one would not scare dedicated ophidiophonbes.
...offers some surprises, most notably an amusing parody of the original 1970's disaster flick Airport...
The one thing that could kill the phenomenon that is 'Snakes on a Plane' has arrived: 'Snakes on a Plane.'
This is a terrible, horrible, amazingly bad film %u2013 and I highly recommend it.
Snakes on a Plane turns out to be the 2006 summer movie that out-summers them all.
Dumb and silly and fun, just not as dumb and silly and fun as I'd hoped it would be.
Cheesy B movies tend to be more fun when they aren't so keenly aware of their cheesy B-movie status.
It's one more cheesy, broadly played, poorly paced, instantly forgettable August action movie.
The plot is ridiculous and the characters are cardboard, but none of that really matters once the snakes get into the fuselage and start zapping people, the very definition of entertainment.
This Internet-promoted lark about a Hawaii-to-L.A. flight besieged by a frenzied tangle of snakes is hilariously funny, full of fang-popping scares, and guaranteed to increase travel by train.
Alas, it never quite reaches that gaga level that would truly send it over the top, but this disaster flick is hardly disastrous.
Usually you can laugh with a bad movie it or laugh at it. But Snakes on a Plane is laughing at you. It not only fulfills the low expectations of its title, it Tasers them into submission.
When 'fans' respond to an unabashedly silly title like Snakes on a Plane and start riffing on it, how seriously do they mean for their suggestions to be taken?
Chances are you'll be too giddy to think about anything other than a second helping. Tarantulas on a Train? Scorpions on a Sailboat perhaps? Fear not, the internet is already abuzz.
Like the flailing airline industry -- which probably sent executives out for ice packs when they heard the title -- it gives you the ride you paid for, and nothing extra.
New Line has nothing to fear, for Snakes on a Plane is a thrill, seeking, action-packed joy ride that will have you jumping in your seats.
The whole enterprise has the sweaty sheen that comes from trying too hard to be cool.
The movie is aware of its cheesiness, one reason it works so well. It's an exploitation flick that knows what it wants to do, and it gets the job done expertly.
In one word, Snakes on a Plane is fun. It never aspires to be anything more than a kick-*** popcorn film that plays on a weird mash-up of fears, and that is why it's a success.
Snakes takes forever to get going... [and] once the mother****ing snakes get loose in the mother****ing plane, the film doesn't improve.
The greatest title in history is, when executed as an actual movie, venomously awful.
Snakes on a Plane is pure escapist fun and absolutely nothing more.
Snakes was born dumb, but was then rendered ordinary.
The director, David R. Ellis, is not exactly Alfred Hitchcock -- he's often messy in his stagings -- but as his picture rattles along its thrill a minute flight plan he does manage to induce a certain amnesia about its preposterous premise.
... an exploitation film that because of the well-executed gimmicky snake angle will be ensured staying power as a cultish camp classic.
You'll never complain about those in-flight meals again. Things could be so much worse.
Samuel L. Jackson is on record as saying this movie isn't for critics. He's right about that. The problem is, it's not for many other people, either. Unless they're stoned. Or drunk. Or just enjoy making fun of bad movies.
[We] have SoaP to remind us of what a B movie can be when it's produced with utter contempt for its target audience.
Whether Snakes on a Plane means to be bad, or is just bad by being its own bad self, the truth is it's so bad that it's pretty good.
Snakes is bad in a bland, calculated, marketing-is-all way, which is what you might expect from a movie that has been shaped around its marketing campaign from the jump (or from the slither, if you will).
It is a great cheeseball of silliness, a 'B' movie that has enough sense to embrace its 'B'-ness and then squeeze, like a boa constrictor. It is intentionally sublimely ridiculous from beginning to end.
What, exactly, is the joke? If this cornball exploitation disaster movie had been called Anaconda 3: Flight of Fear (or, as was once planned, Pacific Air 121), we could all stop pretending that there was something exotically tacky about it.
Without that title and a year's worth of Internet-fueled buzz, this would be just another forgettable, mildly entertaining, mid-August throwaway movie.
Snakes on a Plane could have been great, good-bad fun. All it had to do was live up to its name.
A staggeringly inane B-grade monster movie that doesn't pretend to be anything but a staggeringly inane B-grade monster movie and in fact so embraces its staggering B-grade inanity that it achieves a kind of elevated pop-cultural integrity.
There's no possibility it leaves unexplored. Snakes in a cockpit dashboard, snakes in a barf bag, in a runaway drink cart hurtling down the center aisle -- and that's saving the best reptile-in-an-unexpected-spot gags for your viewing pleasure.
Worry not. I'm here to report Snakes On A Plane is a cheese crust pizza with double-cheese topping. It's so bad it's gouda. We're talking the kind of bad that inspires drinking games.
It's merely average. Director David R. Ellis and three credited writers have thought up a pretty cool situation but fail to do much more than deliver the requisite shock effects.
Snakes on a Plane is neither as good nor as bad as you'd hoped it would be: It's just a mediocre exploitation picture with an inspired premise.
It's the funniest thriller of the year, although I'm not sure if everything we laugh at is supposed to be amusing.
The first Internet joke ever made into a movie, Snakes on a Plane is just ridiculous and depraved enough to excite a cult following among high campers who are ready to enlist in a movie that gets one over on Hollywood.
If loving S.O.A.P. is wrong, I don't want to be right.
All anyone really needs to know about this amusingly crude, honestly satisfying artifact is snakes + plane + Samuel L. Jackson.
Being as susceptible to over-the-top gratuitous absurdity as the next person, I had as good a time watching the movie as I did listening to the shrieking and hooting from the audience -- both to join in the fun and keep fears at bay.
Sick as it is, it captures more of the joy of movie-going than virtually any other summer movie this year.
At the end, the crowd applauded to signify their ironic appreciation for the imperishable pleasures of trash culture. Unfortunately, with Snakes on a Plane, there isn't much of a joke to be in on.
It's all mano e snako, and lots of silly fun. At least Snakes on a Plane doesn't try to be anything but what it is.
The movie is slick pulp, cheaply funny, surely offensive to anyone squeamish or snake-fearing.
If you can find a better time at the movies this year than this wild comic thriller, let me in on it. I'm there.
Rational people can agree on two things: Snakes are evil, and nobody swears more entertainingly than Samuel L. Jackson.
Some things you probably won't care about in Snakes on a Plane: character development, the musical score, harsh lighting that makes everyone look like they're wearing wrinkle-enlarging cream. Here's what you will care about: It's a lot of fun.
There is also something educational to be gleaned here: Snakes are not indigenous to Hawaii and they don't attack unless provoked.
Snakes on a Plane is at its best when it surrenders to the exuberant trashiness and matter-of-fact hilarity promised by its title.
Me, I liked Anaconda better.
The ultimate example of heavy hype and puny payoff.
it's certainly a prime slice of cheese-o-rama cinema, chock-full of gratuitous gore and nudity... This is truly filmmaking as seen through a fun-house mirror.
It's a very bad movie. So bad that the filmmakers have embraced its badness, relishing in its action-movie cliches.
Jackson is The Man, and he bestrides this film with the authority of someone who knows the value of honest bilge. He's as much the auteur of this baby as the director and screenwriters, and that fierce glimmer in his eye is partly joy.
Call me. I'll see it again with you this weekend.
This is an event. It's a rare example of a film not just living up to the hype, but surpassing it. And it's the best time you'll have at the movies all summer, if not all year.
They've really thought of everything. All those moments make you cheer because a film did exactly what you wanted it to.
Just when you settle into laughing at the stock characters and one-liners, Snakes manages to scare the hell out of you. As the deranged crime boss says, "Woo!"
Unsure of whether to deliver scares or laughs, this aerial action-adventure winds up failing to consistently offer either, straining mightily, and ultimately futilely, to be all things to all people.
Snakes plus Sam = Super-fun!
If you weren't among the diehard fans who went to see "Snakes on a Plane" at one of the late-night sneak peek screenings Thursday night, you missed the best reason to see this movie.
Not much for the thinking viewer -- which Snakes on a Plane tries its best to render obsolete -- to latch onto.
Ellis and company miss out on so many opportunities for awesomeness, it's almost depressing.
In the end, "Snakes on a Plane" isn't so much a movie --- and a good one, in parts --- as it is the concluding installment of a long-building new-media phenomenon.
a cheesy, B-movie thrill ride with a lot of action, over-the-top special effects and a super cool leading man.
The equivalent of Spielberg during Raiders dropping thirty people in a row into the Well of the Souls, having them stare down the same snake, letting it lunge and then dropping another person down.
I imagine the four screenwriters divided it up: "I'll make a list of places on the plane the snakes will be found, you do body parts they can bite, you do items on a plane that can be used as weapons, and you do things that can go wrong.
It's not surprising that Snakes on a Plane throws every known cliche at you in the course of 100 minutes, but this works to the film's advantage.
... (for) people who want to cheer and thrill to absurdity and many random snake attacks, a good time should be had by all.
Snakes on a Plane is fully aware of how silly its situation is, but it doesn't try to take a tongue-in-cheek approach. It makes no apologies,
You half expect them to wheel George Kennedy out for a cameo.
Funny and scary ... the most fun I've had at a movie all year!
...basically a Sci-Fi channel movie original with better-than-usual actors and a slightly naughtier sense of humor. It never takes itself seriously, and neither should you.
Please ensure that your disbelief is safely stowed in the overhead compartment, as unsecured continuity problems may otherwise hinder your enjoyment of the ride.
It's a relief to discover that Snakes on a Plane actually is what we hoped it would be: a really, really enjoyable bad movie.
[V]ery much in the tradition of that genre of socially aware, psychologically insightful films of the 1960s that Truffaut called cinema du serpent...
A terrifying triumph of hype, but...also the movie to preserve for all of Earth's recorded history Samuel L. Jackson lowering his gaze at Julianna Margulies and asking, "Sporks?" I dare you to look away.
The greatest trick New Line Cinema ever pulled was convincing the world that it had something of great amusement behind their decision to hold Snakes from view up to the last minute. Now that the slither is out of the bag, let the yawns begin.
The movie is willing to throw practically anything on the screen, and a surprising amount sticks.
While Snakes on a Plane isn't nearly as tight and twisted as it could have been, it'll no doubt tickle its intended audience endlessly.
From first frame to last, Snakes on a Plane is an unabashedly and unpretentiously the cheesy and campy B horror movie we expected (and wanted) it to be, delivering the thrills, frills, hisses, and other pleasures, including Jackson's notorious F-line.
After a while we're stuck with a one-joke concept that got old months before the movie came out and gets older still as the movie wears on.
If it could've been a little more stupid, it would've been bad-good. It's worth a look for those who love bad cinema.
The actual movie has moments of inspired tackiness but not nearly enough to merit its one hour and 45-minute running time.
In short, Snakes on a Plane delivers exactly what it promised and then some. And how often can you say that about a movie these days?
Snakes on a Plane may not be a good movie by conventional standards, but with the proper amount of love via audience participation, this genre picture is exactly the sort of silly fun that mega-priced, B-grade tentpole films often fail to be.
This slitheringly good ode to '80s movie-style inconsequentiality is destined to satisfy anyone willing to leave their brains at the door and go along for the turbulent ride.
...a silly, undeniably fun piece of work that certainly lives up to its promise (if anything, some folks might be disappointed that it's not flat-out bad).
Snakes on a Plane is kind of the ultimate B movie... One of the very best times I've ever had in a movie theater.
Less like a slick, vicious snake and more like its flaky, disposable skin.
I don't know if snakes have a booty, but I know Samuel L. Jackson kicks some in this campy classic! I even thought I saw some Homeland Security guys in the crowd taking notes, just in case.
Does the film deliver? Undeniably yes. Snakes On A Plane may, in fact, be in the top three most supremely entertaining films I have ever seen.
The massaged script is now a little too knowing and calculated, nudging the audience in anticipation of each snake attack or corny gag.









@highlight

Snakes on a Plane lives up to its title, featuring snakes on a plane. It isn't perfect, but then again, it doesn't need to be.