I've been patiently waiting for the sequel for years and now this.
Makes absolutely no sense in its theatrical cut and still feels awfully messy in Twohy's director's cut.
Very violent, brainless explosion movie.
There are many plot holes, an inappropriately overly complicated plot, and a lot of pointless aspects that never even bother to make the least bit of sense.
Vainly attempts to elevate Riddick into a mythological hero in a political-intrigue contest meant to be Dune in an action context, though it's a lot more like Stargate in a crap context. [Blu-ray]
Twohy gives the film a vehement comic-book energy, and the eye-popping production design by Holger Gross is like Boris Vallejo's Greatest Hits come to life.
Riddick is a loner, Dottie, a rebel. He's a simple man, like Pee-Wee Herman, who is not concerned with getting the girl. But, unlike Pee-Wee, poor Riddick doesn't even have a bicycle for companionship.
Like the heat on Crematoria, little is fleshed out. But I suppose it really doesn't matter because -- wow, isn't Riddick cool?
The sequel baton pass at the finale is pretty nifty, but it's surely asking too much to think the filmmakers could leave us wanting more. Come to think of it, much, much less would have been best.
It's been a long time since anyone bothered to create a new, big budget cinematic mythos out of scratch, and Twohy has poured a great deal of money into the look of his movie.
The plot of THE CHRONICLES OF RIDDICK could be properly understood only after watching DVD extras.
Riddick starts the way that all great storytelling should: with a voiceover by an old British woman.
Just because you want to create a universe doesn't mean you'll be able to present it well, and The Chronicles of Riddick is a case in point.
The immense sets look matte-drawn, reminiscent of the decades-old 'This Island Earth.'
Diesel is an imposing screen presence even when growling risible dialogue.
Overblown, badly written, poorly edited and just downright boring, this is, in a word, Riddickulous. Good special effects, though.
It's no Battlefield Earth, but it's no Dune either. And, no, before you ask, it's not destined to be a cult classic.
This is deluded filmmaking at best, an idea taken too far, too fast.
Space opera, a prison breakout, spectral zealots and an anarchist anti-hero - dumb, maybe, but this film has enough in it to make you see the light.
All the stunning visuals in the world can't raise Chronicles above the level of a ridiculous Rambo-in-space flick.
Unwieldy porridge of effects and idiocy.
Twohy wants Riddick to become a great mythological figure of conflicting goodness and badness, but the character just doesn't have enough weight to sustain all that baggage.
Diesel gives a one-note performance that may be somewhat fitting of his dark and dreary character, but nonetheless grows tiresome rather quickly...
...as a proletarian concept artist, David Twohy proves that he has both the imagination and the skill to build exciting worlds for his characters to interact in.
Some may call David Twohy's film pretentious; the target market for this boys' own adventure may not actually care. . . But for me, give me a good story any day.
In throwing out wit and intelligence for mindless action, Twohy ends up with a noisy, chaotic, over-serious mess.
A escala grandiosa dos cenários e das batalhas serve apenas para esconder a fragilidade do argumento.
Should have been called "The Chronicles of Arthritic." The movie is so lame, it needs a cane by the time it lumbers into its final act.
I really can't call any of the acting good or bad. It was what it was. Vin Deisel threw around some funny one-liners. Everyone else just kinda hung out.
The Chronicles of Riddick may not be a fully intentional success. But it travels in uncharted waters, and it's a garish, nutty, virtuoso entertainment just the same.
Riddick's screwed up vision drives the original film, but Chronicles is messier and less compelling,
...a turbo-charged, sci-fi action flick with Vin Diesel in kick *** anti-hero form ...
In Pitch Black (Vin Diesel) made Riddick his own; in Chronicles, nothing has changed but the budget.
The ending leaves open the possibility of a sequel. I don't care one way or another if they make it.
How can so much action be, well, boring?
Utterly ponderous and as clunky as a crater rock. Twohy forgot to inject his Diesel-fueled narrative with the spunk and drive that made his first installment so palatable
Boasting just enough action and wisecracks for summer movie fare, the overall experience is certainly nothing that anyone need bother to write any chronicles about
Vin Diesel, the star as Neanderthal, returns for a sequel to 2000's Pitch Black.
Vin Diesel is perfect as the marquee hero, breathing new life into the muscle-head antihero and looking great in leather chain-links or Necromonger plate-mail
[Judi Dench and Vin Diesel] appear in the same movie, and indeed, perform scenes together. Unfortunately, the film is so bad that even this novelty loses its appeal.
Too many silly made-up words like "Underverse" and "Furyan" can really kill a serious atmosphere, and some of the CG stuff shows rough edges.
With writer-director David Twohy's mega-budget follow-up to his Pitch Black, what was once a purring engine has become a gas-guzzling, accident-prone Humvee.
A large portion of Dune, side order of crackpot Shakespeare and a dollop of production design by someone who saw The Scarlet Empress at an impressionable age.
Here's one Diesel-fueled vehicle that's neither fast nor furious.
Ambitious, sprawling, uninhibitedly goofy and almost great, [it's] a love-it or hate-it affair, mainly because it's courageous enough to have a distinct personality.
...a campy craptacular with elephantitis of the mythology glands, bookended by the most Duneish, Zardozzy nerd-fu since Battlestar Galactica.
Although the story is a little confusing, science fiction fans should enjoy the action and fine special effects.
The story seems to progress haltingly.
A preening outer-space costume drama staged as a backdrop for its leading man's muscles.
A virtuoso exercise in world creation, a plot-heavy epic that's like a breath of fresh air in a time when movie stars and high concepts pass for science-fiction.
The Chronicles Of Riddick is never dull, but it's far, far, far too pretentious.
It would have been more apropos had the filmmakers titled this confusing sci-fi epic 'The Chronicles of Ridiculous.'
What might have happened if Frank Herbert had written 'Dune' after a lobotomy.
This utterly superfluous sequel is plotted with pretentious pseudo-religious conflict that makes "The Matrix" sequels look profound
Impressionnant par moments, enuyeux à d'autres.
Bloated-but- enjoyable production.
Have you ever tried to watch a TV series, like "The Sopranos" or "Twin Peaks," without starting at the beginning? It's disorienting. That's what watching this movie is like.
More than mere ambition is required to pull off something as bombastic and bloated as this without it looking, you know, bombastic and bloated.
Beneath the pseudo-religious undertones and the boomingly ludicrous dialogue, there's a big kid grinning from ear to ear.
The last action hero was the one before Diesel.
A thankless visual spectacle, marvelous to look at but woefully empty where its heart should be.
I enjoyed it immensely, but not because it was any damn good.
It is a complex, hard to follow onslaught of characters and concepts rooted in mythology and classical literature. And while it isn't completely successful by any means, it is still something completely original and new.
Good, dirty fun
For sci-f/horror fans, it's a cool popcorn picture with the conclusion of the trilogy yet to come.
Soars high above the low-level ambition of its competition and makes us anticipate subsequent installments rather than reminisce about their predecessors.
With Riddick, audiences finally have the kind of movie for which terms like blockbuster were born.
will reestablish Diesel as a major action player..it starts off a little slow but, as its pace picks up, so does your attention
But Diesel's one-note tough guy, the oppressive production design... and the overramped special effects crush [the movie] like a trash compactor.
As long as you know going in that you're going to see more action than horror/sci-fi, then you won't be disappointed
The muddy, convoluted story revolves around the star's cool-guy poses and one-liners.
This is what one of those cheesy Mortal Kombat movies would be like if it had delusions of grandeur.
The Chronicles of Riddick doesn't hark back merely to the classic horror or science fiction canon but to nearly every single cinematic genre in the book, from westerns to film noir to sword-and-sandal epics.
There's always something to look at, but the Diesel-fueled action is clogged with backstory.
Whereas Pitch Black served up witty, elegant suspense, the new one is dull, blunt gun-and-run.
Diesel makes a fine action star, and some of the fight scenes are cool, but resistance is recommended.
An inane film rendered sometimes laughable by an atmosphere of dead-serious reverence.
The dense visuals are the entire story and the only reason to attend.
At last, a good cheesy sci-fi action movie that one can actually enjoy.
A movie so bad it's baaaaad, in the 1980s sense of the word.
A grandiose, inflated, FX sledgehammer.
A messy, messianic slasher/blaster in the Matrix Half-Loaded tradition, all nonsense plot and baroque costumes, sets and special effects.
Amazing-looking sequel to cult fave Pitch Black; unfortunately, the film's wrecked by a surprisingly weak, goofy script.
A static-filled space opera that is less thrill-a-minute than thrill-an-hour.
Writer-director David Twohy has a much bigger budget than he did for Pitch Black, but he makes the all-too-common mistake of believing money can substitute for imagination.
Despite a few goofily entertaining moments that are so over the top they are instant camp, the movie suggests that the hero's name derives from 'ridiculous.'
An entertaining but shameless mash-up of other escapist fare.
There's nothing here you haven't seen before, especially if you own a PlayStation.
This is purely a movie for fans of elephantine production values and the dwindling number of remaining Diesel enthusiasts.
While it's impressive in scope and special effects, it comes across as a mish-mash of sci-fi films -- everything from Dune to Star Wars to Battlefield Earth.
It's a little strange seeing quirky pianist Glenn Gould in a smackdown with xXx.
For people who like this sort of thing, this is just the sort of thing they like.
If the Terminator went back in time to win a game of Dungeons and Dragons, it'd be a lot like The Chronicles of Riddick.
Sprawling and ponderous.
Hyper-assaultive.
An incoherent mishmash of ideas swiped from other, better science-fiction sources, chiefly the Star Wars, Star Trek and Matrix movies.
Aside from its dark vision and operatic flourishes, Chronicles of Riddick doesn't have much else going for it.
The movie veers between looking like a video game and a shaving commercial.
A big, cheesy sci-fi flick tailor-made for a young male audience looking for things that go boom.
An exercise in computer-generated effects.
Like so many sequels, The Chronicles of Riddick demonstrates Hollywood's law of diminishing returns: Its quality is inversely proportional to its budget.
A hodgepodge of Lord of the Rings, Starship Troopers, and the more recent Star Wars films.
Much like a William S. Burroughs novel, the film could be cut up and reassembled and make just as much sense.
They leave the ending wide open for the next episode in the chronicle of Riddick. We can only hope that Vin decides to save the universe... from another bad movie.
The script is terrible -- a confounding mish-mash of action-thriller chases, sci-fi travelogue and phony political intrigue.
Fans of the cult fave will be happy: The story concepts are grander, the scope of the settings are infinitely enlarged, and the casting was kicked up a notch.
Writer-director David Twohy has apparently forgotten everything that made his previous movie such an unexpected thrill.
A tedious, silly, overbudgeted, overwritten popcorn flick
Chronicles packs too much story into what should be another Diesel shoot 'em up
[A] disaster of Battlefield Earth proportions, a nightmare of overwrought CGI and grotesquely ornate costumes and hideous sets... and nothing else.
Clearly Twohy intended Riddick to be a big, flashy, comic-book affair, but the lure of Franchise Filmmaking seems to have dulled his genre-loving sensibilties.
Pitch Black sequel tries to make a condiment a main course -- and offers action fans a meager meal in the process.
It seems like dialogue was just an afterthought, or maybe that annoying little d-word that gets in the way of the special effects.
It may not stand up to earthbound critical demands but there's plenty here to keep the action fan in orbit.
Plays like a fabulously outfitted boy's adventure serial.
Necromongers? Underverse? I don't know about you, but when I hear names like that, I start tuning out and thinking about different kinds of pie.
The film is a bit too lumbering to achieve greatness, but it maintains consistent levels of professionalism and creativity that make it a guilty pleasure you shouldn't feel guilty about enjoying.
Thandie Newton swings her hips until they almost smack into the walls on both sides as the scheming wife of Lord Marshal's space-age-mullet-sporting henchman.
The open-ended conclusion is intriguing, but the film is destined to join the ranks of Son of Blob if further installments aren't forthcoming.
...fans won't be disappointed by this big-budget sci-fi opera.
The Chronicles of Riddick may not quite gain entry to the hallowed pantheon of interstellar cheese of a Battlefield Earth, but it's not far behind.
The movie is less than two hours but feels three times as long.
Bears no resemblance to the movie that spawned its namesake.
In bodybuilding terms, this overmuscled sequel to Pitch Black is all bulk and no definition.
A Star Wars for grown-ups, with the complexities of Lord of the Rings and the serial adventure quality of Indiana Jones.
Plot? Character? Tension? Purpose? Sorry, wrong auditorium.
An overstuffed, ponderous affair that sends its anti-hero on an epic excursion into dullsville.
An enjoyably pulpy sci-fi saga that has rough patches.
The screenplay is idiotic.
The Chronicles of Riddick is many things, but it's never dull.
Makes you long for the days when all Twohy wanted to do was make a decent scary movie.
One can only wish Dame Judi had been allowed to declaim at some point 'Alas, poor Riddick'...let's just hope there are no further chapters to these chronicles.
I hope [Judi Dench] did this for her grandkids or something, because I cried when I saw her in this bad movie.
Plenty of interplanetary fighting and outwitting, but mostly it's video-gamish special effects that overwhelm the senses rather than entertain them.
The quantum leap from Pitch Black to Riddick is disorienting.
A crackerjack B-movie sci-fi adventure.
In terms of idiotic, incoherent plot progression, David Twohy's spacey follow-up is in a class by itself. Think John Travolta's Battlefield Earth and then drop a couple of rungs.
Aside from a sticky clunky beginning, in which the audience must be taught the rules of this sci-fi adventure, the film shows great discipline in pace and intensity.
Essentially a long-winded excuse for action sequences and Diesel making menacing faces, mostly over his left shoulder.
Weighted down with money, pretension and Diesel's tenuous importance -- and not enough story story story -- the follow-up to Pitch Black inverts nearly everything that made the first film an effective-enough shocker.
An underwhelming sci-fi flick with Vin Diesel as the muscle-bound anti-hero who speaks with violent actions.
The tightness of the Pitch Black horror-movie structure has been replaced by sprawl and lots of back story, geography and interstellar politics.
A sci-fi disaster on a par with the notorious John Travolta bomb Battlefield Earth.
Rarely has such minor success spawned such major hubris.
Although The Chronicles of Riddick offers its share of solidly entertaining moments, it doesn't hold together as a single, coherent motion picture experience.
As a follow-up to a genuinely entertaining movie like 'Pitch Black', it is a very disappointing one.
He's the ultimate badass with the ultimate chip on his shoulder and I couldn't get enough of him.
Riddick is the one of the most unique, original, and exciting movie experiences of the year.
Fans of "Pitch Black" are likely to find this new film a worthy successor, those who have never seen the first film will be able to jump right into the story and follow along.
Diesel poses pretentiously like a body builder trying to do a silent version of Hamlet.
'Riddick'-ulous.
...stomps onto screens with an attitude that's somehow both obtuse and far too simplistic.
It's all really just a series of episodes where metal weapons clang, firearms spew, and there is much manly grunting of he-men engaged in ferocious combat
Flawed mythology but the entire production is first-rate and visually stunning.
Mostly a ponderous chronicle.
Combining elements of Hamlet, Dune and Vin Diesel running in slow-motion; Riddick essentially becomes William Shakespeare's first video game.
Eschewing the claustrophobic minimalism of its predecessor Pitch Black, The Chronicles of Riddick is an extravagant orgy of used sci-fi parts.








@highlight

As an action movie, Riddick offers some thrills, but as a sequel to Pitch Black, it's a disappointment.