Akeelah obeys every sports-movie rule, but trading end-zone dances for etymology gives it a geeky innocence. What's the word? Splendiferous.
It isn't just about the competition. It is about heart, dedication, intelligence and the pulling together of a entire community.
Akeelah and the Bee is the kind of movie you want to recommend to every 11-year-old you know.
The best thing ... is that, unlike the majority of sports films, the film doesn't suggest that spelling has some kind of transcendental importance.
It's hard to believe the best family film so far this year comes from a writer-director whose previous film bears the unfortunate title The Pornographer.
Fine performances all around and smart pacing that rivets us to the story.
Any parents wondering why they don't make wholesome family flicks anymore can stop wondering.
This is a film that couldn't be more predictable or more joyful. I just hope I haven't misspelled anything.
...a sporadically engaging drama.
If there's ever any evidence that originality and predictability aren't necessarily absolute elements by which to judge a movie, Akeelah and the Bee is it.
It's every bit as clichéd and predictable as you'd expect, but thanks to some fine performances, especially from the young leads, it is quite watchable.
While there's a temptation to dismiss Akeelah and the Bee as Good Will Spelling, there aren't enough (good) heartwarming films like this for either younger or older audiences.
It's hard not to fall in love with the film
Give it an m, i, s, s.
The film has an important, uplifting message; shame it couldn't be encased in a less faked-up story.
There's charm in this simple underdog tale, but clunky plotting and characterisation mean it has 'telemovie' written all over it. You'd be better off renting Spellbound instead.
The young star is such a little cutey-pie and the plot so cleverly manipulative that, whatever its faults, you'll still have a lump in your throat throughout.
This isn't a patch on Spellbound ... but its strong performances and its skilful deployment of the finest, hand-picked cliches ensures that it remains enjoyable throughout.
Its clichés seem bigger and its characterisations broader than they would on the more forgiving telly.
As much a fantasy as Lord of the Rings.
However eager to entertain and even to model some ways of living life, the film doesn't wheedle us for our love or our devotion, and perhaps for that reason, it earns both.
A film like this has to be seen. It's beautiful, it's encouraging, and it really inspires its audience to commit to something positive. Films such as this can not be merely forgotten.
One could quibble about the need for another spelling bee film, but at least this one has some fine performances and a worthwhile message to recommend it.
Director Atchison succinctly separates the film's emotional core from a surfeit of cornball classism.
This is the kind of movie that audiences gather to their hearts (see Finding Neverland, Good Will Hunting, etc.), and it seems almost churlish to resist.
A lovely, touching story, Akeelah might be too pretty to be believable, but it's transporting nonetheless.
Akeelah has lofty goals, and though it doesn't always achieve them, it is a rewarding tale for public educators, parents, and kids with big dreams.
Undermined by an over-scripted plot and gooey sentiment.
I cannot find the words to express my joy and elation over this movie and my love for it. As ironic as that is, I'm speechless with happiness.
While some might spell 'predictable' as H-O-L-L-Y-W-O-O-D, this film manages to take that very quality and polish it off enough that the resultant offering feels fresh, engaging and highly entertaining.
Joyfully uplifting, 'Akeelah and the Bee' is quietly, one of the year's finest.
Hollywood has finally realized academic competitions can be just as dramatic as athletics.
The message remains fantastic for kids, even if the director allows his events to teeter toward comical near the end.
It's the kind of assured work that should be a filmmaker's breakthrough, but is so good-natured it's at risk of going unrecognized.
It won't happen but everyone should make a beeline to go see this movie
Atchinson has a winning touch with his young cast, but he gets stung by the ethnic stereotyping and the one-dimensional portrayals by his adult leads.
What the movie gets exactly right is its knowledge that for some, realizing their first major accomplishment has nothing to do with throwing a touchdown or getting on base. For someone like Akeelah, correctly spelling a difficult world can prove the earl
A feel-good movie that will bring you back to the days when you were excited about learning.
There's just too much charm, too much heart, too much obvious sincerity and too much genuine quality to allow the film to be blown off.
An 11-year-old word wizard from the inner city longs for a little r-e-s-p-e-c-t, as Aretha Franklin sings in pop music's most famous spelling test. We know she'll get it; what's remarkable is that writer-director Doug Atchison earns our respect as well.
It had the potential... to be great had it avoided running lockstep with the structure of lesser films.
There's never a moment when we're not certain everything will turn out OK. But to suggest a film bursting with such heart and good cheer should be any other way is a crime.
it's not only stupid, it's dim-witted, brainless and obtuse to the point of being insulting to the audience.
Here's a story of courage, destiny, defying the odds, and, oh yes, a girl how can really spell.
If you can buy Atchison's worldview, you'll probably love Akeelah, but surrending disbelief will be difficult work if your soul harbors the slightest hint of cynicism.
"Akeelah and the Bee" is another contribution to the latest spate of dramatic adaptations of documentaries.
Keke Palmer's performance delivers on the script's promise.
E-x-h-i-l-i-r-a-t-o-r-y-; g-l-a-d-d-e-n-i-n-g; s-a-l-u-b-r-i-o-u-s. Spell it any way you want, this one's a keeper.
An uplifting film about a ghetto child who makes good, but the script is marred by several extremely contrived and needlessly schmaltzy moments. ... Spellbound is so much better.
... it's easy to overlook that contrivance, because the movie's heart is so clearly in the right place.
Atchison's film relentlessly rams warm fuzzies down your throat and you know what? For all of the cliches and cringe-worthy dialogue, I found it nearly impossible to stay mad.
Great family films often entertain and inspire, but Akeelah and the Bee teaches useful words as well.
Sentimental, manipulative, predictable and utterly charming, writer-director Doug Atchison's underdog tale revolves around an indifferent student who blossoms after heeding the siren call of competitive spelling.
The latest spelling bee movie is a Starbucks Entertainment product, and it has a made-to-order feel about it, kind of like a compilation album.
Keke Palmer, who's been working in television and movies for the past few years, is a natural on screen.
It's the kind of movie parents will want their kids to see as opposed to much of what's playing at the multiplex.
The movie is sweetly enjoyable, requiring only the ABCs of simple human identification.
Without turning overtly preachy, Akeelah and the Bee puts forth a commendable message of the success that can follow hope and hard work.
... an engaging story of a little girl who learns to dream big ...
Akeelah isn't quite in the class of the movies that inspired it. But it captures the spirit of what made Spellbound so likeable ...
... a delight to sit through ...
... it should fit quite snugly next to the inoffensive music CDs in the coffee chain's countertop racks.
H-E-A-R-T-W-A-R-M-I-N-G ... I-N-S-P-I-R-A-T-I-O-N-A-L ... But there are also moments when this stand-up-and-cheer drama seems M-A-N-I-P-U-L-A-T-I-V-E and C-O-N-T-R-I-V-E-D.
Akeelah and the Bee won a screenplay contest a few years ago, and it reads as if its writer studied too many screenplays first.
... an underdog tale that manages to inspire without being sappy.
Akeelah and the Bee is so warm and well-meaning that you may find yourself wanting to like it more than you really do.
... Palmer -- and J.J. Villarreal, as her unflappable fellow contestant and first-blush romantic interest -- makes it all go down very easily.
... makes a powerful impression.
You expect nothing but emotional truth from Fishburne and Bassett, but it's young Palmer who wins your heart with a performance that's completely free of guile and affectation.
... it's never preachy.
It is because Palmer's performance is so real and centred that we become so involved in Akeelah's quest.
Aleelah And The Bee does a good job of engaging the emotions.
Akeelah is derivatively entertaining in a feel-good sort of way.
Akeelah musters up all the excitement it can about an underdog from the 'hood spelling impossibly difficult words. Formulaic, yes, but an admirable effort.
Right from the opening scene of this cuddly tale, you can sense every turning point, sentimental lesson and glimmer of hope coming a smile away.
Akeelah and the Bee is not short on inspiration, emotion and uplift, but would go down better without all the refined sugar.
It's the first movie in some time actually lives up to its family-friendly billing.
The plot of Akeelah and the Bee may feel a trifle familiar, but here's the surprise: This is one time when familiarity doesn't breed contempt.
Akeelah and the Bee carefully diagrams every cliche we've absorbed from sports movies, urban dramas, mentor flicks and precocious-children portraits. Yet it works.
Producers, including Mark Cuban and Starbucks, should be commended for putting their money behind a film that, like Akeelah herself, dares to be different.
Writer-director Doug Atchison dishes out tough love with words like ratiocinate, synecdoche, and one that 'begins with an x' and only gets worse from there, but he pulls his punches when it comes to the more emotionally resonant issues faced by Akeelah.
If Akeelah and the Bee is a generic, well-oiled commercial contraption, it is the first to credibly dramatize the plight of a truly gifted, poor black child.
Dramatically jerry-rigged in every possible way.
This is the kind of movie that makes a great family film. It's inspirational, moving, funny, and gives you a young hero to root for
Atchison finds a very clever and moving way in the final scene to illustrate the film's "it takes a village" message.
A Karate Kid-esque story of a intelligent girl that battles against the pressure to 'keep it real'...and wins.
Palmer is so good. She's a charmer, bright and talented and sympathetic. And she's only 12.
. . . uniquely thrilling as we watch a young Black girl come alive, not through song or dance but on her own mental steam.
Akeelah not only embodies her gift and her passion, but she also inspires new ways of thinking about intellectual activities.
The audience for this slender effort is still in grade school with little new and different to recommend it for anyone older than, say, the age of 12.
The story of Akeelah's ascent to the finals of the National Spelling Bee makes an uncommonly good movie, entertaining and actually inspirational, and with a few tears along the way.
Stands there with a straight face and tells us it's an inspiring, ennobling story of dedication and triumph ... when in fact it's an utterly derivative, 100-percent-recycled, completely forgettable story of dedication and triumph.
The movie is a miraculous minor masterpiece. A sports saga where education, not perspiration, is the key to success and watching a little girl study is as thrilling as seeing Rocky Balboa train for his next fight.
The theme of educational growth against incredible odds is richly appreciated, but the payoffs lack dramatic gas.
heartwarming feel good story about an underdog trying to overcome the odds and achieve fantastic victory, while also winning over an entire community inspired by her bravery. Yep, that sounds pretty good to me, too.
It's the kind of warm-hearted surprise that transcends its trappings and winds up being more Bobby Fischer than Tyler Perry.
A few silly quibbles aside, this is mainstream, family filmmaking at its finest.
Keke Palmer has a studied air of concentration that keeps not just her character but the entire movie on track.
The trouble comes in the form of repetitive saccharine that seeps through most of the more dramatic conversations, and especially through the extraordinarily cheesy soundtrack
We see the seeds of something special here; Palmer cements herself here as one to watch in the years to come.
... a celebratory drama engineered to leave you choked up and cheering.
One of the best films of the year with its inspiring story of an eleven-year old African-American girl who claims her power with the help of 50,000 coaches.
A winning and suitably uplifting way to spend a couple hours.
It's a successful feel-good movie, but it would make you feel even better if it didn't push quite so hard for its desired effects.
... a slight but winning heart-tugger ...
Sure it takes place in the geeky world of spelling bees, but Akeelah has the same old-fashioned, feel-good, against-the-odds qualities as Rocky.
... this by turns funny, affecting tale pays homage not just to one young person's determination and character but to all those parents, teachers and myriad guardian angels who in real life instill young people with the love of language ...
Here's a word for you. Can you spell p-r-e-d-i-c-t-a-b-l-e?
... a film that's very hard not to love.
Where Spellbound generated crackling suspense in its competition climax, Akeelah is virtually suspense-free, even with an attempt to wring a twist on its pre-determined outcome.
An old-fashioned but thoroughly good-hearted tale of academics, achievement and uplift ...
... a film that makes studying Latin-root flash cards seem like a cool afterschool activity ...
Even though their movie is more like Akeelah and the B-Plus, Fishburne, Bassett and Palmer spell quality.
... a feel-good movie that also feels genuine, even when it's at its most rah-rah.
If [director] Atchison's well-acted, good-intentioned crowd-pleaser can trick even one moviegoer into thinking that knowledge and spelling are somehow cool, then his film will be performing a societal good that offsets its slack reliance on formula.
Nice but more than a little formulaic...like a family telefilm that's migrated somewhat uncomfortably to theatres.
Akeelah's predictable journey to success and self-actualization bounds with depth and heart.
Maybe it's complete hokum...but it's...perfectly executed, and it would take a harder heart than mine not be utterly engaged and moved by the result.
Often tries too hard to tug at the heartstrings, but you'd have to be fairly cold and cynical not to give in.
What sets the film apart is the manner in which it details how Akeelah's triumphs end up lifting the entire community.
you'll still be cheering for Akeelah right up until the end of the film.
[P]retty darn wonderful: uplifting without being sappy, inspiring without being unrealistic. I confess I got a bit sniffly at the end, even though I saw the ending coming...
Keke Palmer, Laurence Fishburne and Angela Bassett are absolutely fabulous in 'Akeelah and the Bee.' And so is this movie.
Tough love triumphs over adversity in this inspirational, feel-good film.
Beneath its sentimental exterior, this film is Foucauldian enough to take seriously the idea that knowledge is power.
Utilizes every cliché in the book to hammer its point home with maximum sugar content.
Atchison puts his sappy and somewhat predictable script on Palmer's shoulders, and the result is phenomenal.
There's some welcome steel to the story that keeps it from being a fairy tale, but doesn't prevent it from being magical
"Akeelah And The Bee" is a movie that parents should be happy to let their kids go see on their own; they just might start reading the dictionary.
A sentimental attempt to piggyback on the continued popularity of Spellbound.
Akeelah and the Bee may spell it out for you, but it pulls few punches in its depiction of the hurdles a verbally gifted South Central L.A. 11-year-old (Keke Palmer) must clear.
Everybody has their moment.
Wonder no more about the validity of spelling bees. In this one, a child brings new life to the people surrounding her.
Palmer soars, carrying writer/director Doug Atchison's film on new 'tween wings.
Effectively anchoring the picture is Keke Palmer's lovely lead performance as Akeelah Anderson.
Overly calculated yet undeniably potent.





@highlight

A warm, family-friendly underdog story, featuring terrific supporting performances from Keke Palmer, Laurence Fishburne, and Angela Bassett.