High school theater spoof lacks some spark.
Some of it doesn't work at all, but much of it is both sharply astute and hysterically funny
I haven't laughed so hard in years. Coogan is pure brilliance...
Moments of demented inspiration as the ridiculously catchy ditty 'Rock Me Sexy Jesus' are few and far between.
That sound you hear is Shakespeare spinning in his grave after watching Hamlet 2 from the Great Beyond.
Buoyed by Steve Coogan's unapologetically go-for-broke performance...
Coogan is a master at playing jerks, but Dana is too silly, too stupid, and too unappealing to enlist us on his side.
i pio anatreptiki komodia poy ehei ksepidisei ap' to aneksartito kykloma ta teleytaia hronia
For anyone who ever took drama in High School, Coogan's character will surely ignite memories of quirky, even downright crazy teachers you may have encountered over the years.
The funniest Shakespearean sequel since Richard IV.
Oddly, what's supposed to be a great comedy about a bad play is in fact a bad comedy about a play that looks pretty frigging amazing
The play's the thing in Hamlet 2.
While they may be trying to "save drama," (the $6,000 a year Tucson High School luxury) they are also lovingly destroying it.
Brady and Fleming, who co-wrote the script, build to a feverish finale, 15 minutes of pure transgressive laughter when Hamlet 2 is finally performed.
I laughed enough while I watched it, but as I write this review, I realize how shabby it really is. And Marschz is annoying.
Silly, inconsequential fun with enough laughs to make it worth a trip to the megaplex.
The lowbrow humor in Hamlet 2 works consistently well, but much more intelligent jokes are launched from the wry lips of Catherine Keener.
a wildly uneven satire--not nearly as controversial or as funny as you might have expected.
Hamlet 2 has a lot on its mind, not all of it good. You can tell everyone involved here knows what they're doing... it's just that they have too many balls in the air and can't effectively juggle them at once.
There's something admirable about a comedy that celebrates the provocative nature of art, even if that comedy doesn't quite provoke as much as it could have.
There are several pieces of vulgar language in the film that some viewers might find objectionable. I found them neither objectionable nor particularly funny. In fact, that sums up how I felt about the entire film.
Anyone who has ever been involved in amateur theater, or for that matter who has been involved with anyone involved in amateur theater, will applaud 'Hamlet 2.'
The sheer absurdity of it all allows one to forgive the fact that it never truly realizes its potential.
Witless spoof on Hamlet that is more irritating than funny.
Very funny. Even though his hands are nowhere on it, you can feel the presence of John Waters everywhere.
There is nothing wrong with Hamlet 1. It doesn't need further explanation. The Bard locked down all the loose ends and there is just no need for a sequel.
[It] is not going to be for every taste, but it is easily the funniest movie to be released this year.
The result is comparatively mild in a summer of comedies so politically incorrect that one of them earned a boycott.
A high school musical that would make John Waters proud.
Will just go down as a quirky film released at a time when bigger movies were starting to wind down and this was worth taking a chance on.
Collapses, despite a game and talented cast, and a brilliant concept. Well, concepts don't make movies.
Director Andrew Fleming tends to err on the side of volume, blowing up jokes two or three sizes larger than they probably needed to be. But all sins are quickly forgiven once the curtain rises on Mr. Marschz's Opus.
[It] was beaten to the punch by Christopher Guest's Waiting for Guffman, which despite its off-the-cuff nature actually gets these people, feels more dangerous, and has way better songs.
Let's just call Hamlet 2 Waiting for Guffaws, and be done with it. Sadly, said laughter rarely comes, if at all
Hamlet 2 star Steve Coogan told HollywoodChicago.com: "It did make me nervous to play Jesus. I wondered whether the director was just trying to be provocative to annoy Christians or if it was just funny."
[B]rilliant British satirist Steve Coogan... is actually hard to watch at times, he's so raw and honest in how he strips Dana of all dignity in the teacher's search for meaning and feeling in his life...
Fortunately, British comic Steve Coogan ("24 Hour Party People") performs a feat of alchemy by making the seemingly flimsy setup become sturdy as the final credits roll.
Constructed from leftovers.
A shoddy and indulgent mass of bits from other movies with a shapeless, shameless performance by British comedic actor Steve Coogan as its unfixed center.
Hamlet 2 is deliriously profane and marvelously hilarious, an outrageous satire that uses absurdist humor to ask an age old question: what happens when you love something but are not remotely good at it?
The answer to every stupid inspirational teacher movie there ever was... It's about what crap all those inspirational teacher movies are.
As Hamlet himself would (and did say), though this be madness, yet there is method in it. Along with lots of laughs.
Hamlet 2 offers us a rare moment in cinema to see something truly original.
Dana's inability to parse the difference between acting and living is put to several tests in Hamlet 2, which is not only the name of his movie but also the title of the audacious play he writes for his students to perform.
Coogan creates a protagonist who's as much a hack as he is an inspiration, an idiot who you root for in the film, but you'd rather not have as a personal friend.
Pleasantly odd and truly funny, and it builds in strength as it goes along. Most of all, there's something queerly magnetic about Coogan, and he pulls us past the clumsiest stuff in the picture.
[A] dazzling little comedy.
Not since Death of a Salesman has failure been quite so entertaining.
It's a lot of fun, thanks to Coogan and a strong supporting cast.
It's not awful, but it has given itself a really tough act to follow.
Hamlet 2 is a likable movie even as it careens around like a wagging tail, but it's just too uneven.
Frequently amusing and consistently outrageous but ultimately tiresome.
It has an edge and degree of sophistication not seen in most summer comedies.
No matter how many jokes you pack around it, arrested development doesn't make for a very compelling dramatic arc.
Coogan brings an innocent quality to Dana, who knows he lacks talent but loves the craft so much that he hangs on however he can.
Funny excuses an awful lot, and at its best, Hamlet 2 is nothing short of hilarious.
It has some hilariously humiliating jokes (Coogan really has no fear) and some surprisingly pointed real-life humor (Elisabeth Shue, you are a genuine sport).
I am not fond of listening to characters scream unfunny lines meant to send up the blandness of everyday people.
It's Coogan's show, in a grotesquely overstated performance that makes sense for the character but isn't always easy to watch.
Fortunately, Coogan remains impressively unafraid of humiliation, pushing every joke just far enough to keep us watching. But he deserves more.
Fleming saves most of his energy for the blowout final production numbers, which play like demented outtakes from High School Musical.
The real tragedy here is that someone might actually pay to see this dull mess of a movie.
The movie is an ideal showcase for the talents of Coogan.
When the father of one of the stars says, 'I'm simultaneously horrified and fascinated,' you'll know just what he means.
It should have been a lot funnier.
Shakespeare might well have loved the ironic way that that character trait plays out.
The more self-righteous it gets -- the more pious it is about offending people -- the less it works as a theatrical parody.
Let's just say that, when the parody looks indistinguishable from the parodied, something's gone awry.
Who knew such lunacy could be so inspiring?
Boy, is it stupid. Boy, is it funny.
At times Coogan seems like he's trying so hard to make this material funny that you worry for his health.
Why so vulgar?
[It] starts with a zany idea, carried out with energy and a mild sense of anarchy; then the film loses steam and settles for a conventional ending that doesn't give us a payoff.
The glory of this movie is that its quality of silliness is not strained.
Coogan is an utterly fearless performer, which makes his character just a little bit frightening, occasionally unsympathetic, and just unreal enough to feel way too real.
It all adds up to the kind of bad family entertainment likely to raise only a few eyebrows.
In Hamlet 2, the saccharine is a small if measurable price to pay for Coogan's unbelievably adept performance as Dana -- a sustained tour de force of comic acting comparable to the late, great Peter Sellers at his absolute best.
It's interesting that in a year so horrific for comedy in three successive August weeks (The Pineapple Express, Tropic Thunder and now this) Hollywood finally remembered how to be funny again.
If promotional hype of Falstaffian proportions has you convinced that Hamlet 2 is a Shakespearean romp or a musical involving a rocking sexy deity, some elucidation is in order.
...reach[es] fearlessly -- even desperately -- for laughs.
...the bulk of the picture seems enervated in comparison to its rousing conclusion
There are definitely enough moments where you are shocked into laughter that allow this sequel to be, as opposed to not being at all.
While it doesn't completely succeed at its intentions, it contains enough funny moments to almost make you overlook the fact that it doesn't.
...in the end the movie is redeemed by a weird integrity.
Coogan's performance as the lost soul is as brilliant as it is ebulliently wacky
With all of the unoriginal garbage in Hollywood recently, Hamlet 2 gives us hope that there is still talent left in the world.
Coogan gets in some funny line readings from time to time, but there's too much emphasis on his likeability for him to be truly funny.
It's a doozy, but none of the tiresome racial epithets nor the naughty words that surround this magnum opus of raunch deliver the outrage they so badly try to stir up.
Cowriter/director Andrew Flemingpresents the anti-inspirational teacher in Marchz - the guy's a mess and Coogan is simply brilliant playing him, but Fleming's overloaded his film
Hamlet 2 is a tour-de-force from Coogan (the director in Tropic Thunder), who's never been more wonderfully, wildly unhinged.
This is an uproariously crowd-pleasing satire, one that embraces its R-rated subversiveness without ever feeling dirty or mean-spirited.
Watching Steve Coogan overact is like being pummeled bloody with a pillowcase packed tightly with frozen oranges.
Steve Coogan is the whole show in Hamlet 2, and while director and co-writer Andrew Fleming is strictly rudimentary in terms of technique and style, his British star pockets every available laugh plus a few unavailable ones.
There is some really dark stuff going on underneath all the outrageous goofiness...
It's a tired brand -- designed for urban audiences who wish to be reassured of their broad-mindedness.
Surprise, this parody of self-parodies pulls it off. 'Hamlet 2' swings from the shallow, gross or cruel, through obvious overdone, to moments of inspiration.
Its sharply funny moments make its lack of consistency all the more evident. The movie ends up feeling like a collection of moments, rather than a coherent quirky comedy.
Nowhere is the failure of this film more evident than in the much ballyhooed Elisabeth Shue subplot.
Dead Poets Society, Dangerous Minds, Mr. Holland's Opus, all 'great' movies about 'great' teachers inspiring their students to achieve great things -- all movies referenced lovingly by Steve Coogan's 'inspiring' teacher in Hamlet 2.
[Coogan's] screen persona is vain, dim, angry, and deeply miserable, and his handful of scenes here with a smilingly harsh Catherine Keener are little masterpieces of comic sadomasochism.
In Andrew Fleming's Hamlet 2, the laughs are wan and intermittent. There's something rotten in the state of Arizona.
There's nothing remarkable, or witty, or particularly engaging about Hamlet 2.
It's Coogan's breakthrough star performance that holds it all together. He's sensational.
For a film like Hamlet 2 to work -- even the title is hilariously ridiculous -- it has to sell the absurdity completely. It does.
This is smart and original and definitely worth the side effect of having Rock Me Sexy Jesus in your head for days - even weeks - after viewing.
Might have been brilliantly funny had the film found a way to suitably lay the groundwork for its premise.
Bounces along quickly and remarkably inoffensively given its deliberately edgy content, and wraps up exactly how you expect it will.
It's sacrilege, I know, to suggest that a Sundance hit would have been better as a strictly Hollywood product, but a bigger budget might have helped.
Hamlet 2's laughs and inventiveness are as spotty as the ability of its drama teacher to recognize brilliance. But the music is a knockout, and Coogan is consistently the best part of the film.
Few actors besides Coogan could make lines like, 'I have so much anger I feel like I've been raped in the face,' sound borderline endearing. Borderline.
As long as the picture remains focused on the efforts to mount Hamlet 2, it follows the Bard's lead by making sure that -- in the words of the melancholy Dane himself -- "The play's the thing."
[S]tands as an act of comedic alchemy -- a slick, occasionally inspired Dangerous Minds satire that Coogan forcibly drags to a state of near brilliance.
In a year punctuated with very funny movies, Hamlet 2 stands out as the most peculiar and comedically risky.
Not caustic nor sentimental, Hamlet 2's sharp, wily social lampoon gets funnier as it goes along; expanding its focus outside the high school sphere to comment on the probability of luck, failure, hope for all the characters.
If you're not offended easily and like good camp you'll love Hamlet 2, a joke-a minute lampoon of tortured artists with a finale that shouldn't be missed.
Sure, Steve Coogan has his hilarious moments as a delusional drama coach struggling to save the arts program at a Tucson, Ariz., high school, but that's all there is in the movie: moments.
Coogan will do anything for a laugh, and given how little he has to work with, he must.
The kind of thing that probably read a lot funnier than it plays.
Hamlet 2 is never boring, and it certainly contains some of the heartiest laughs you'll have at the movies this summer, but it lacks a sense of engagement that would have made it so much better.
Set in Tucson but shot in Albuquerque, the movie depicts the city as a lowly, slum-ridden burg with a liquor store on every corner and impoverished schools. In other words, they get it exactly right.
You might leave the theatre wondering whose minds were more twisted and demented, those who wrote this movie, or your own?
Despite the richness of the premise for comic invention, however, Hamlet 2 remains a rather mediocre experience, offering sporadic laughs but never achieving the level of consistent humor necessary to make this memorable.
Coogan's mopiness is oddly riveting.
Even though the film has a sloppy feel to it, Steve Coogan's brilliantly conceived comic performance is worth the price of admission.
Hamlet 2 belongs firmly to Steve Coogan, which is fortunate since none of the film's supporting players prove to be the least bit memorable.
Can a frustrated actor pen a Hamlet sequel reviving dead characters via a time machine with Jesus, Einstein and Hillary Clinton? If this daring, irreverent social satire has its say, those lunatic possibilities may prove just that on screen.
While not all the jokes in Hamlet 2 work, even the failures earn a smile.
After several pointless studio remakes (In-Laws, Nancy Drew), Andrew Fleming is back on terra ferma with this spoof of Tucson Arizona and delusional drama teachers, dominated by a strong performance from British icon Steve Coogan.
Hit-and-miss in terms of verbal wit and individual gags. But package moves along quickly, and overall concept remains amusing even when there's a dud moment or three.
More passive than aggressive as Dana, Coogan plays against type here and delivers a brilliant, often hysterical performance.
An erratic, freewheeling satire of Middle American mores.
The more things fall apart, the funnier the film gets.











@highlight

The script's biting premise and Steve Coogan's endearing, off-the-handle performance make Hamlet 2 an hysterical -- if slightly painful -- ride.