My All American means well, and as a film it isn't without merit; sadly there just isn't enough of it for this inspirational sports story to emerge victorious.
Not an inspirational football movie but the highlights reel from one, with a golden boy who is his own manic pixie dreamboat. The worst sort of hagiography.
We're never invested in the sanitary white-bread story that renounces drama and entertainment for the sake of accuracy and a squeaky-clean PG rating
Other than a moving conclusion, this is a mediocre sports drama.
Michael Reilly Burke and Robin Tunney are good as Steinmark's parents, while as Steinmark's devoted high-school sweetheart, Sarah Bolger makes a mark for herself as someone to watch.
My All-American is a red-blooded, God-fearing cavalcade of wall-to-wall, inspirational earnestness.
Commits a major gaffe by overpolishing Freddie Steinmark, undermining the impact of his real-life story.
Almost unwatchable, outside of Texas.
Everything in the film may be true, but every second feels contrived, and that's a momentum killer that leaves "My All American" wide open to an all-out blitz of rolling eyeballs.
... an easily digestible slice of Texas football nostalgia that stumbles short of the goal line.
"My All American" scores additional points for its emotional impact.
Even those who love inspirational sports films might have to flinch from "My All American" is a movie so square, conservative and humorless that it winds up playing like a brutally straight-faced "South Park" parody of gridiron schmaltz."
Instead of genuine inspiration, the movie provides only flimsy, superficial positivity.
This is the kind of movie they make you watch in grade school. It's meant to be good for you, and the entry-level script has every cliché in the playbook.
My All American really has only one goal: putting a lump in your throat at watching a kid refuse to stop believing that every one of his dreams could come true. Lump delivered.
American football is played on a rectangle, but movies about it can sure be square.
Don't get me wrong; this film accurately shares a wonderful guy's all-too-short life with us. I only wish it had been delivered in a more well-rounded way.
Heartfelt (if bland) football biopic is great for game fans.
For those looking for a sports film of basic quality and genuine narrative, "My All American" is definitively useless.
Fumbles the opening kickoff and never recovers. Manages a field goal at the end but no touchdown.
You don't often chastise a film for not being sufficiently manipulative, but 'My All American' is an out-and-proud tear-jerker, and it can't even do that.
Is it perfect? No, but much like its underdog character, it works hard to make you like it and the payoff in the end is quite effective. (Full Content Review - Sex, Violence, Profanity, etc. - for Parents also available)
"My All American" would have done better to dig deeper in its portrayal of a man who set such a high bar for the intrinsic character of a football player. Because he's actually the kind of example the sport could really use right now.
So white bread and scrubbed clean of any edges that it plays like a Saturday matinee at the cineplex in Pleasantville.
Steinmark's life doesn't give a filmmaker much to work with, and writer-director Angelo Pizzo makes the least of it.
No car chases. No guns. No fire-breathing monsters. Just a thrilling, inspirational film about a legendary coach and a determined undersized player.
If I wrote this review the way Pizzo wrote the script, it would be something like this: I saw a movie. It was about football. It was sad.
This is ideal fodder for Pizzo's brand of college-sports inspiration, but he pours on the corn syrup a little too thick.
Whether it's because of energy expended on dramatic tangents or because the story's difficult outcome demands a subtler touch, the film doesn't hit the emotional crescendo that Pizzo clearly pictures.
There's a point where a movie is so predictably manipulative that it starts to stifle the potential of the actors and deny audiences the opportunity to think on their own.
This isn't so much a biography as it is a re-creation of a highlight reel.
My All American, a football film as calculated as its title, runs through every cliché in the genre playbook.
The movie is much like its hero, Freddie - straightforward, sweet, hard-working and predictable.
For all its basis in real-world events, Pizzo's scenario - adapted from the book "Courage Beyond the Game: The Freddie Steinmark Story" by Jim Dent - plays like thoroughly predictable, by-the-numbers fiction.
All of the film's nuances are are ultimately negated by the its relentless canonization of its subject.
Like Pizzo's earlier sports films, it follows an undersized, underestimated underdog through serious challenges toward a life-affirming climax. It is simple, heartfelt and moving.
Supremely corny,...opting for the most hackneyed clichés of the genre.
Is the film inspirational? Absolutely. Are its performances worthy? You bet.
"My All American" plays like an extended highlights reel, not a movie.
Based on Jim Dent's book Courage Beyond the Game: The Freddie Steinmark Story, the film doesn't offer any surprises as it marches to its weepy conclusion. But along the way it showcases some fine performances and a few bone-crushingly well-staged games.
If you called it good clean fun, you'd be one-third right.
Yes, there will be tears, and they are well-earned.
Strict adherence to the playbook may work in sports, but "My All American" shows the pitfalls of that approach with movies.
An uplifting testament to an old-fashioned, real-life hero that time forgot.

@highlight

My All American has a genuinely moving real-life story to tell, but writer-director Angelo Pizzo fumbles it into manipulative, melodramatic tearjerker territory.