Melissa Leo must take at least as much credit for the film's successes as her director. She isn't merely tough as old boots - she makes old boots look like ballet shoes.
... I thought the performances were good, but I just thought it could have done more.
This fine drama delivers a reality tougher than realism.
Frozen River is bleak and uncompromising - and that's just how the Academy likes it.
A pair of border-town losers come to represent everyone who's ever been up against it in this country, especially the women.
Melissa Leo's Oscar-nominated performance as a mother not above illegal business, but resolutely clinging to honesty and not giving into hypocrisy, is terrific. Hope comes from hard sacrifice in a finale proving sometimes possessions are our blessings.
Hunt's weakness for contrivance and underlined points threaten to elbow out her sensitivity
Courtney Hunt's low-budget blue-collar thriller, Frozen River, is one of the most impressive feature debuts of the past several years.
Actress Melissa Leo rightly earned an Oscar nomination for her part in this downbeat drama.
Frozen River is a taut, suspenseful thriller; a troubling of borders both cultural and national; and testament to the virtues of communion, empathy and compassion.
Original, sad, suspenseful and involving: the kind of work that helps independent American cinema retain its good name.
Occasionally marred by contrivance and a crude internal logic that doesn't bear close scrutiny, 'Frozen River' works best as a knuckle-gnawing, blue-collar genre thriller.
Leo and Upham give performances of great conviction and the film is bold and uncliched: especially the matter-of-fact treatment of guns.
It's Leo, with her pained and battered magnetism - half-pleading, half screw-you - who shakes the film out of its occasional glibness, notching up the performance of her career in thrilling, hungry style.
Everything about the film looks and feels authentic, from the desolate landscape dotted with trailers and fast-food joints to the people who populate a borderland that offers none of them much hope.
A fascinating, understated look at the human condition.
Cold yet never calculating, it's a fine film featuring a heart-rendingly knockout performance of steel and strength from Leo.
Leo and Upham make an unlikely double act in a finely written, well-played film with a striking plot and setting. Hunt's clearly a name to watch; Leo, meanwhile, can look forward to finally getting the recognition, and roles, she deserves.
As a quiet celebration of ordinary women's resourcefulness, the film is well-crafted, sensitively acted and modestly affecting.
While there is much to admire, there is little to enjoy as downtrodden folk try to make money the hard way. At heart it is a sentimental drama that rarely connects.
Frozen River will penetrate your core like a biting Arctic wind.
Early scenes have a raddled power. Later ones slip into a Chistmastide slush of contrivance and redemption.
A modest but thrilling drama.
Frozen River represents one of the best examples of the new trend for austerity and social realism in American indie cinema.
This feels like a story destined to end in tragedy but although there are plenty of opportunities to transform this into a heartbreaker, writer/director Courtney Hunt allows the audience a ray of hope.
It's gripping stuff: decidedly non-showy but all the more authentic for it.
The surprising twists and turns in the final act are both powerful and haunting.
This is that rarest of beasts - an indie thriller that tries to win over viewers not with crowbarred-in whimsy but with a gripping plot and two brilliant lead characters.
A credible, high-stakes thriller. Cracking stuff.
Frozen River is a quirky drama driven by a couple of outstanding performances.
Frozen River is a superbly written, genuinely moving drama with an unmissable central performance from Melissa Leo. Highly recommended and one of the best films of the year.
Skating between thriller and character/social drama, Hunt has created a women's movie with backbone, fleshed out by terrifically steely performances from Leo and Upham, who manage to convey the intricacy of the women's decisions despite the sparse dialogu
It is more conventionally melodramatic than its realist postures might at first suggest, but in the end Frozen River is kept from sinking into icy oblivion by the brittle strength of its central performances.
The film's strength lies in the utter realism and the lack of sentimentality with which the characters and situations are presented, but it runs the risk of being so uncompromising that potential audiences will avoid it, which would be a pity.
Hunt's grip on the impulsive fumblings of real-life behaviour is so firm that you stay with her all the way, almost forgetting to breathe. It's a simple story but a primal one, and it gives Leo the role she's long deserved.
...Leo's character is fleshed-out to such an extent that one can't help but sympathize with her plight and root for her success.
The points Hunt wants to make may not be profound (desperate people do desperate things; morality takes a backseat, but not forever), but Leo makes them seem fresh.
While the resolution might seem a little neat for the film's naturalistic style, this is still independent filmmaking of the highest order.
Despite a few contrived plot turns and some heavy handed symbolism, this first feature from writer-director Courtney Hunt can be recommended as a thriller, as a tearjerker, and as a regional study.
It창(TM)s a film that trawls through race and disenfranchisement but ultimately ends up as a powerful portrait of women whose spirit is galvanised by their motherhood.
Realistically depicts the relationship between the allure of criminal activity and times of desperation.
While it's no crowd-pleaser, Frozen River is powerfully honest stripped-down filmmaking.
A gritty, super-realistic, female empowerment flick most memorable for Melissa Leo's spellbinding, Oscar-nominated performance.
A so-called "character study" in which the characters bend and fluctuate according to the demands of the plot.
Writer director Courtney Hunt's debut film is as bleak as its chilly setting, but equally beautiful
Surprisingly affecting film works because it is well written and marvellously performed
Una muy buena historia sobre la supervivencia, s처lidamente narrada y excelentemente interpretada, sobre todo por la extraordinaria Melissa Leo.
Frozen River let me forget I was watching a movie, something that didn't happen often in 2008.
Ray fights for justice even though justice is hard to come by for people like her.
Holding Frozen River up to traditional standards of morality doesn't work.
What makes this film work is the utterly fascinating performance of Melissa Leo.
One of those worthy movies that is a lot easier to admire than like.
You couldn't call it a happy movie, but it's an absorbing one.
...the icy river isn't the only thing that doesn't flow...
Just when you start worrying about the state of American movies ... along comes something as vital and jolting as Frozen River.
Leo is the dynamo of the piece and Oscar(tm)-worthy doesn't begin to cover her work. This isn't a performance, it's an event.
Hunt, in a confident debut, grafts a crackerjack thriller with a fascinating cultural study of the uneasy relationship between tribal members and their white neighbors.
While it seems to revolve around Leo's life, actions and character, it is more broadly a portrait of motherhood, family and sorority forged by a suffering that seems uniquely and unfairly determined by gender and class.
There are moments of poetry on display.
Hunt has keenly observed the details of impoverished rural life.
A solid, satisfying movie.
There's something peculiarly appealing about this independently produced feature, which is equal parts thriller and drama.
The rare film that acknowledges that the often humiliating pursuit of money -- not wealth, but the means to survive and support a family -- is the activity that dominates the waking hours of perhaps a majority of American lives.
It moves and it heals, finding hints of redemption in the jagged face of life.
The miracle of filmmaker Courtney Hunt's tense, carefully understated debut is that it is made better by its few flights of fancy.
Frozen River isn't just a good movie made by a woman; it's a good movie on anyone's terms, one of the year's best. To find hope beneath this ice, in this ugly terrain, is to dream big.
You shouldn't want to cheer when a criminal uses dirty money to save the family flat-screen from repo.
This is a sharp, emotionally engaging drama, and a powerful debut from a new filmmaker.
The stories of women are so disparaged -- or worse, ignored -- in our culture unless they have something to do with pleasing men, but here's one that demands to be seen.
Made with uncommon skill and assurance, the film never succumbs to rank sentimentality, but it manages to get at the nuances of human relationships.
Frozen River, a story of abject desperation, feels so real and immediate that it plays almost like a documentary.
We quickly sense that the director of this film has unusual perception, and that whatever the story and performances turn out to be, she will make the most of them.
Hunt has achieved a remarkable work with Frozen River, that is both a poignant and exquisitely life-affirming sisterhood rite of passage, and a rare glimpse into the overwhelmed but enduring spirit of the Mohawk Nation.
Frozen River does what too many independent American movies only pretend to do: Takes you to an unnoticed corner of our country and shows what it's like to actually live there.
Frozen River is both a thriller and a complicated study of poverty and racism, and rarely has a movie played out against such a desolate background.
An impressive first feature by writer/director Courtney Hunt, Frozen River boasts considerable suspense-movie tension and a compelling emotional journey for its foreground characters.
All of the people in Frozen River, a character study that moves like a thriller, screw things up regularly, but the movie helps us understand the bad choices they make.
It's fair to say that Hunt's first full-length feature, though uneven at times, holds the promise of better things to come.
It's not a happy film, but it feels true.
Leo gives the kind of performance that's easy to overlook because it doesn't have any Big Moments...so fully inhabited that it never crosses your mind that you're not watching a real woman.
An urgent and incomparably moving first feature from Courtney Hunt.
Courtney Hunt's Frozen River is the first great film of the fall. It has great actors playing vivid characters in a setting that makes for a clash of cultures.
Powerful acting by Melissa Leo and Misty Upham and a setting in a little known microcosm of international intrigue, "Frozen River" tells a fascinating story that keeps up the pace from start to finish.
Frozen River is one of those rare independent films that knows precisely what it intends, and what the meaning of the story is.
In this interview, Frozen River star Melissa Leo from the TV show Homicide discusses why she channeled John Wayne for this role and how she captures the desperation and strength of a woman with everything to lose.
In the wrong hands this movie could have been sappy, unbelievable and downright awful. But first-time writer and director Courtney Hunt really nails it with deft skills.
Leo's work here is stirring, haunting, and singlehandedly maintains a pitch-perfect tone of weathered anxiety the rest of River is all too quick to fumble.
A compassionate, cross-cultural chronicle of humanity beseiged by hard times.
Steeped in place, a U.S. Canadian border crossing at the Mohawk reservation in upstate New York, and featuring a stunning performance from Melissa Leo that is devoid of vanity, "Frozen River" represents the very best of American filmmaking.
As for Leo, the woman is easily one of the most underrated (and underappreciated) actresses working today. A supporting actress all her life, Hunt gives her the chance to headline and to say she makes the most of it is a decided understatement.
Hunt might have made a more organic and insightful film if she'd used the story's dangers as the silent underpinnings for the relationship. Instead, those elements swell into the foreground and take symbolic shapes that ring false at every turn.
Now, this, my friends, is a movie! Although I left the film emotionally drained, I felt exhilarated from seeing such an exceptionally well-made film.
What a beautiful and impressive job by first-time writer-director Courtney Hunt.
All in all, Frozen River is gripping stuff.
Nothing comes easy in this movie except admiration for its ambitions and accomplishments.
[Has] a realistic grounding that sticks with you even when some of the plot mechanics swing into melodramatic terrain...[and] Melissa Leo gives a terrific performance.
Not helping is an epilogue that suggests that money can, in fact, buy you love.
Leo makes short work of the very notion of 'trailer trash' and lends dignity to the dreams of a woman willing to do anything to keep her family together -- it's an extraordinary performance in a fascinating film.
A Sundance hit that is both absorbing and bleak, Frozen River is anchored by powerful performances, believable scenarios and excellent writing.
This is a debut feature, though you'd never know it from the filmmaker's commandingly confident style, or from the heartbreaking beauty -- heartbreaking, then heartmending -- of Melissa Leo's performance.
A low-budget triumph for director Courtney Hunt that won the grand jury prize at Sundance, Frozen River is a thriller set in upstate New York anchored by an unforgettable performance by veteran character actress Melissa Leo.
The gritty Leo is gaunt and harried, but tough company to travel with.
Frozen River asks is how much that communality will mean in the context of an uncaring, unforgiving world. It is a powerful question, and the film answers it in the best way possible.
As it turns out, it is pretty grim. But Courtney Hunt's immigrant smuggling story is also grippingly suspenseful, wonderfully acted and, though it pushes maternal buttons like they could ever go out of style, manages to do that with a good deal of class.
You feel like you're watching a life, not a performance.
Courtney Hunt창(TM)s somber film Frozen River ventures deep into the trenches where hard-working Americans struggle to put food on the table.
Something of an intriguing contradiction창"on one level an atypical Sundance film, grittily accomplished and unabashedly self-important, while at the same time refreshingly hopeful and subtly earnest in ways that few Sundance films ever dare.
The chill of Frozen River is so unpleasantly relentless that it's likely to leave viewers dispirited, numb, and wondering what to make of it all.
Too often burdened by its own symbolism, Frozen River is buoyed by Melissa Leo's nuanced performance.
Overall, the film undoubtedly belongs to Leo. Without her, the plot wouldn't be believable.
dull and expositional, often working against the authenticity that Leo and Upham bring to their roles
A character drama that becomes a slow-burning thriller and offbeat female-buddy flick...succeeds primarily as a showcase for [Melissa] Leo's talents.
Regrettably not that deep.
Without Leo, Frozen River wouldn't be nearly as compelling as it is.
In Frozen River, [Melissa] Leo's acting has a brittle severity and power. Every moment of her performance feels torn from experience, and so does the movie, which finds a suspense in broken lives that are hanging in the balance.
If Frozen River finally gets the terrific actress Melissa Leo her place in the sun to boot, so much the better.
In 'Frozen River,'theme and location are out of the ordinary, the treatment is restrained, and the result hard-edged.
Frozen River is one little piece of misery.
Should prove thematically and spiritually invigorating for adult audiences with a feeling for the heroism of everyday life.
It's hard not to think of the film as a timely reflection of today's deep economic recession...Hunt has something of the eye for detail expected from a good short story writer.
Director Courtney Hunt's drama of poverty, illegal immigration and American Indian dystopia suffers from an underdeveloped script and amateur performances.
A gripping, beautifully written drama suffused with authenticity.
Hunt's adoption of a quiet, earthy tone is true to the pace and coldness of life, imparting a laudable absence of driveling sentiment that would undoubtedly have taken over in the hands of a lesser storyteller.
Hunt creates two remarkable roles and a fascinating situation.
A memorable story about the power of synchronicity to change peoples lives by helping them realize their connection to the great web of life.
A dubious mix of suspense and social melodrama.
A highlight of Sundance fest, Hunt's feature debut centers on the famale camarederie between two vastly disparate poor women, a white and a Native American, both single moms, whose paths crisscross under the most bizarre and risky cicrumstances.
Unafraid to show herself weathered by the cold, harsh elements and never working to make auds love her, [Star Meliss] Leo builds the kind of perf that invites concentration, and then high respect.






@highlight

Veteran character actress Melissa Leo delivers a stunning performance in this powerful -- if grim -- indie film.