The pacing sucks. This movie is 20 minutes too long, and you feel it at the end.
What we end up with is a relatively paint-by-numbers effort that only rarely surprises yet is decent enough to pass a few hours.
What starts out as a serious, chin-rubbing treatise on mortality quickly descends into a ragbag of half-formed vignettes that play like a particularly lacklustre chapter in the Final Destination franchise.
Lacking the same smarts, sass and scientific complexities as the original, there's nothing signifying why it needed to be brought back to life.
Flat and bland in style, plot and emotion, it's a work completely devoid of interest and scares.
... if you want to spend Halloween in a movie theater instead of dressing up as Dracula... it is a sufficiently recommendable option. [Full review in Spanish]
[The] second act [has] very little life. [Full Review in Spanish]
... more of the same without the nostalgia component. [Full review in Spanish]
... ends up looking more like a motivational self-help video about fixing the mistakes of the past than a genre movie. [Full review in Spanish]
This is a dull watch made less exciting by the low budget: the bulk of it appears to have been shot in a basement, and the needed special effects are almost non-existent.
For anyone who has seen the original Flatliners, there's no reason to see this remake because it hardly covers any new ground. Even if they're not familiar with the franchise, there's still no reason to seek this film out.
Lacks a real sense of suspense; the personalities of each of the protagonists are approached superficially. [Full review in Spanish]
A mediocre remake of a mediocre film...
... entertains for a while. [Full review in Spanish]
... the psychology of the characters is grossly drawn, so it is difficult to empathize with any of them.
If someone took the pulse of this film they would find it in dead point, a long line that indicates there is no palpitations. [Full review in Spanish]
Unfortunately, as with the original, an interesting concept is tainted with predictable horror tropes and the reliance on special effects.
... promises to "improve" upon the original. They never succeed. [Full review in Spanish]
One ends up believing nothing. The aesthetics of terror are not very exciting. [Full Review in Spanish]
Hollywood has raided the franchise larder too many times, and this unnecessary remake is one of the worst.
Flatliners, the remake, is a good example of how the gene pool doesn't necessarily become stronger with time.
The problem here is that the filmmakers involved have solemnly conducted their job as if they are handling a revered cinematic sacrament.
Nothing special, perhaps, but no disgrace either.
The scares are mild, the story is tepid, and Flatliners feels destined to be a watchable-if-pointless movie that you catch on cable at 1 a.m. when you are absolutely determined to not go to bed.
If you find Flatliners to be conceptually interesting (which it is), stay home and rent the original.
Flatliners is an unmemorable redux hampered by poor writing and a general lack of thrills that fails to capture the attention of its audience.
A large part of the film's problem is it's trying to be a horror film which it is decidedly not. In a world where America has remade ground-breaking horror films from South Korea and Sweden, there isn't much that audiences haven't seen.
Instead, this is yet another cinematic Frankenstein's monster, stitched together out of scavenged parts, and shocked back to life for no clear or compelling reason.
The potential schlock classic about how killing yourself is sexy and cool is unfortunately trapped inside a dull horror movie.
This new version is sadly D.O.A.
Like its predecessor, the new version also nails the horror elements.
This would be boring if it wasn't so unintentionally funny.
What we get is a mediocre remake of a mediocre original - not exactly must-see cinema.
We live in an age of unnecessary remakes - but the new Flatliners movie, by Danish director Niels Arden Oplev, has the distinction of being perhaps the most unnecessary of them all.
a horrific failure for Niels Arden Oplev, whose THE GIRL WITH THE DRAGON TATTOO, DEAD MAN DOWN, and the pilot for "Mr. Robot", suggested a certain boldness that's utterly absent here.
A fright-free fiasco. This update of a silly 1990 Julia Roberts thriller is even more witless and stupefyingly dull than the original.
A fabulous idea for a movie, but unfortunately Flatliners represents the second failed attempt to do it justice.
This remake of the popular 1990 hit starts with the same intriguing idea and goes down the same superficial, empty-headed path. Although, unlike the original, this take on Flatliners is sadly unaware of its own shallowness.
... the low-aiming remake feels like just another generic horror flick.
To their credit, the cast tries to bring some life ...but a script with all the depth of a baby pool cannot be saved.
Flatliners is a movie made by people who don't respect genre but try to fake it.
About as inessential as reboots get, "Flatliners"... otherwise offers no reason for reanimating this long-expired property.
Not every remake is unnecessary, but the idea only works when the new movie takes the basic premise and takes it in new directions.
The message of this remake of the 1990 thriller is that one must own up to his mistakes. If so, the makers and cast of the new 'Flatliners' need to apologize immediately.
The reboot no one asked for of a movie no one much remembers has landed... and it's dead on arrival, with nothing new to say and no new way to say it.
As Andy Kaufman's Foreign Man would put it, "Ees so bad, ees terrible."
It falls flat as a horror movie but the cast is good enough, and the sci-fi concepts are interesting enough, to keep it from crashing completely.
Not half-bad, not quite half-good either.
Somebody get a defibrillator in here, stat.
Watching it is to feel the same disappointment that came with the original, only heightened...
A group of people who should know better find themselves eager for the cold embrace of death. But enough about the poor souls who bought tickets to Flatliners.
Oplev turns the conceit into just another excuse for rote haunting, making this Flatliners often indistinguishable from its 2017 thriller peers.
This Flatliners is in fact a new definition of "meh."
The best that can be said about the Flatliners remake is that the new filmmaking team of writer Ben Ripley and director Niels Arden Oplev makes the original's members look like peerless masters of horror.
An agonizingly boring remake of a movie about the danger of bringing things back from the dead.
The do-over barely raises an eyebrow without getting winded, never truly understanding what it's supposed to be doing with the wonderfully outrageous premise.
The original Flatliners should have had a 'Do Not Resuscitate' order attached to it.
Flatliners 2017 is the same dumb movie as Flatliners 1990, minus most of the surface charisma.
A sleek visual polish and a game cast can't disguise the fact that Flatliners is one film that should have carried a Do Not Resuscitate Order.
A straightforward (and entirely unnecessary) rehash which proves utterly dead on arrival.
doesn't even come close to delivering
Though competently directed and well-acted, Flatliners does little to set itself apart from a run-of-the-mill thriller. True to the material, it simply lacks a pulse.
Light on thrills, chemistry, or frights, Flatliners squanders a fun concept...
I guess we can give Flatliners at least one star for knowing the cliches of scriptwriting.
...the kind of film you'll forget even exists in five years so why not cut out the middleman and just forget it now?
It makes a lot of sense that a picture about doctors with a cavalier attitude towards humankind's impermanence would be at the center of a movie that wantonly wastes two precious hours of our lives.

@highlight

Flatliners falls flat as a horror movie and fails to improve upon its source material, rendering this reboot dead on arrival.