Country Music, Drama, Romance, Redemption
Roe tries for tortured angst, but his character comes off as an unlikeable lump, while young Fortson is saddled with college-age dialogue and the kind of twee precocity that moviemakers seem to think is so cute. And the music isn't all that hot either.
The movie is so drained of character, Louisiana even seems to have lost its humidity.
Forever My Girl does more to please than disappoint.
A passionless romance about a couple that it's almost impossible to root for.
There is more pleasure to be had in the dwindling returns of CMT's Nashville than in this country soap-opera.
Something just felt off for most of the film and that prevented it from working for me. (Full Content Review for Parents - Sexual Content, etc. - also Available)
The execution just kills Forever My Girl. Wolf's film wants to be ponderous and thoughtful, but too often drags and just feels mopey.
There hasn't been a Nicholas Sparks adaptation on the screen in two years now, but Forever My Girl is the next best/worst thing, arriving just early enough that if you see it right away, you may get the taste out of your mouth before Valentine's Day.
The expected stuff happens, in the manner of cheaply made cable-TV movies that work like late-night sleeping pills.
With a C-list cast and generic direction, Forever My Girl comes off more as a mid-budget Lifetime movie-of-the-week that has somehow migrated to the big screen.
Even if you're not a fan of Sparks movies, Forever My Girl offers several appealing elements.
Jessica Rothe is wonderfully expressive as female lead in this country music infused romance from writer-director Bethany Ashton Wolf. Better than recent Nicolas Sparks films.
The lead actors are very pretty.
Sweet romance is all about family, faith; some drinking.
It's difficult to imagine two people less suited for one another than the lovebirds in this eye-rolling redemption tale.
Is Forever My Girl formulaic? You betcha. Tell that to the lump in your throat.
Sweet and dull to a fault, Forever My Girl forgoes interesting characters or story in favor of a picturesque southern tableau.
Oatmeal-bland.
It all feels a little bit off, as if every third scene was cut out randomly, and every camera angle came down to a fourth choice.
Sentimental dreck of the fluffiest order.
"Forever My Girl" is barely a step above a Lifetime movie.
[T]he movie is founded on a few fantasies: that Josie would basically wait for Liam, that the right woman can change a terrible guy, and that we're supposed to find any of this romantic.
The problem is not the well-worn plot or familiar characters, but the fact that Wolf adds no depth or complication to either that would make the film her own.
A sappy, mawkish romantic drama....The publicity likens this movie to those made from Nicholas Sparks' books. Unhappily, the comparison is all too apt.
Romantic escapism at its best and worst.
... for an audience, seeking fluffy, escapist, country music-tinged romance, it'll hit a sweet spot.
Rothe was a standout in last year's horror comedy Happy Death Day, but the Denver-born actor's performance here as Josie is as coolly bland as overnight oats.
Bethany Ashton Wolf's Forever My Girl is less reminiscent of a country song than of Radiohead's "True Love Waits."
Pretty people with pretty problems will always be playing on a screen somewhere, but this one is better suited for watching while folding laundry.
A by-the-book redemption story for a guy who hardly deserves it.
Roe and Rothe are nice enough to look at, but together, there's no spark, and separate, little evidence of an interior life.
Twee, yes, but Forever My Girl has plenty of heart and some solid performances. A journey not entirely without pleasure...
The country-fried romance written and directed by Bethany Ashton Wolf becomes a victim of self sabotage as it nears its (predictable) conclusion, removing any good will it created in its first half.
Just about anyone with a level head would see "Forever My Girl" as the story of a narcissist manipulating a naive doormat.
"Forever My Girl" is a bad movie, pure and simple.
Call this schmaltzy romantic drama Nicholas Sparks Lite, and you won't be far off the mark.
Even Nicholas Sparks would blush.
The two leads are both highly appealing, with Roe credible as a country music superstar.
A Hallmark movie would have at least given the female lead something of a personality and plot arc; this movie's all about the celebrity and his emotional journey, while the woman stands around like a prize waiting to be won, the Blessed Hometown Honey.
Slow as a July 4 tractor parade, as drawn out as a Louisiana drawl
Wolf is a Louisiana native and obviously loves her location work, but not enough to imbue the writing or visuals with any life.
Wolf establishes only a half-formed idea of the decisions, fights, and silences that have shaped these characters' lives, so the cast often seems to be shouting into a vacuum.

@highlight

Forever My Girl offers a suitably picturesque placeholder for romance fans between Nicholas Sparks films, but other viewers may end up crying for the wrong reasons.