Undeveloped secondary characters and awkward pacing thwarts the movie from achieving its '60s war film ethos similar to "The Great Escape."
Instead of a tribute to a fine chapter in the annals of the Greatest Generation, we have a second-rate romance right out of a cheesy, pulp fiction novel.
A well-produced, rousing feature based on one of those forgotten World War II episodes that make for great cinema.
While the historical events depicted were unusual and cause for genuine celebration, the film that depicts these events is a dull, by-the-numbers set of war-movie clichés.
It moves slowly and methodically, showing us the minutest particulars of every facet of the operation. There's more here than we need to know.
The Great Raid has one amazing action sequence. You just have to watch the whole story in order to earn and appreciate it.
The true story part of it works. The spy and romance stuff doesn't.
It couldn't hold my attention despite the event being such a celebrated one in American history.
The raid on Cabanatuan is extraordinary. Exciting, tense, full of crackling suspense and filmed with old-fashioned daring, the movie comes alive with crackling electricity it does not know until this very point.
More of a skimpy skirmish that lasts way too short and has too little peril to be great
War is hell, and so are some war movies.
Might have gotten some attention if John Wayne had been around to star in it
This is strictly for WWII buffs.
For a man dying of malaria, Fiennes shivers impressively but also talks too much.
[D]eliciously old-fashioned... Like in how Dahl assembled a cast of perfectly 1940s faces that pop off the screen with a suave anti-Technicolor urgency...
Raid may move, but it isn't particularly moving.
John Dahl's solemn staging of the rescue mission will likely earn him points from military aficionados, but The Great Raid is terminally dull.
The three unwieldy story lines might even have daunted someone like David Lean. They utterly defeat director John Dahl, a director used to working in miniature
'Nothing in our lives will ever be as important as this,' says Lt. Bratt, in a pep talk that some of his boys might have found more depressing than motivational.
The Great Raid works well as a film when it concentrates on the planning and completion of the mission.
There are the makings of a fine, moving, epic war film here, but thanks to the inclusion of enough chatty exposition to sink the Bismarck, again, and some just plain silly casting choices, The Great Raid is anything but.
Bratt's over-the-top performance is the stuff that bad military recruitment videos are made of.
It's not bad, nor are its intentions anything less than noble. But it feels like countless movies before it, reliant on conventional war-movie devices and stock characters.
[S]ometimes the most worthy of stories, the most relevant of history lessons, the most rousing of plots can still become the dullest of movies.
It lacks both excitement and outrage, and all that remains is solemnity. It makes you wonder whether you should watch the movie or stand at attention.
While one might have wished for a better movie, and a few smarter decisions regarding the screenplay, generally it's a riveting, even inspirational account of an American feat of arms about which few know but about which many more should.
It should sizzle like a fuse, but instead plods along with methodical deliberation.
Feels less like a rousing action adventure than a military-sponsored lesson in invincible patriotic payback.
Dahl's approach may be somewhat pedestrian, but he tells his story clearly and with few unnecessary detours.
The story line is telegraphed from word one and the meticulous unfolding plot plods ahead inexorably without the slightest bit of suspense.
This has modest blood yet almost documentary fidelity, is beautifully sited (Australia's Queensland was main location), and paced to deliver the nerve surges of fear and reward and loss.
Centers on an undeniably brave and extraordinary World War II rescue, yet it fails to excite until its final scenes.
A frustratingly uneven film that's alternately compelling and clumsily handled.
This smart, unhurried drama plays out like a retro version of Saving Private Ryan.
The story of one of the most daring and successful raids in U.S. Army history turns out to be mystifyingly inert on screen.
A great story filled with real heroics deserves better than this.
The film is much better as a ticking-clock action picture than as a story of human emotions, be they romantic, altruistic or base.
Dahl gets it half-right, and completely wrong. In studio fashion, he adds a composite character and a love story, which the story really doesn't require. In indie tradition, he refuses to cast any stars -- which the picture desperately needs.
I hereby award the World War II drama The Great Raid a Cement Star for faithful and distinguished service to the cause of mediocrity.
Not a great movie, but it certainly does justice to the great historical event it dramatizes.
Obsessed with authenticity, the movie simply isn't 'Hollywood' enough. What could have been a valuable history lesson for everyone is just more fodder for military buffs.
You have to salute its devotion to heroism, but a gripping, involving movie would have been a greater tribute.
See the film for its depiction of astounding heroism and military ingenuity. Take the rest with a grain of salt.
At times the action drags, but the details of the raid itself are riveting. The rescue scenes will leave you feeling as if you were in the midst of battle.
The picture's broad outline may be fact, but everything inside gets painted in a deep shade of bogus.
Telling the audience they're watching heroes is a very different thing than stirring emotions and ratcheting up suspense.
It never gives its characters enough character to build the sentiment required.
For Dahl, war isn't poetry or surreal irony or metaphoric hell. It's a job that has to be done, and in cases like this one, it has the side product of being heroic.
When the movie finally does show what the troops went through and how the raid itself was pulled off, it's exciting, enthralling stuff. If only there was more of that. . . .
Dahl's movie probably attempts to touch too many bases, which means it suffers from a divided attention span.
The Great Raid has an old-fashioned feel -- that is, old-fashioned in a musty way.
The dialogue falls back on cliches that were hoary when MacArthur left the Philippines.
The moral ambiguity and ambivalence that are at the heart of all great war films have been stripped away in favor of facile cheerleading, almost all of which wears painfully thin.
Amounts to a noble failure.
Straightforward and traditional, director John Dahl's depiction of this little-chronicled World War II raid has the feel of a war movie made 30 or 40 years ago.
The raid scene itself is good. I wouldn't call it great, but it's a good raid. It's getting there that's a total chore.
... a refreshingly old-fashioned World War II drama [that], much like its central characters ... gets down to business and stays with the task until the job is done.
When the raid actually starts, it becomes a great war film.
I guess you could do worse than seeing The Great Raid. The truth is likely that you'd be far better served by reading the two books on which this film was based.
The Great Bore. War epic lacks emotional impact.
A thrilling and inspiring true-life war drama.
A sincere but less than inspiring war-time drama.
Feels strangely of a piece with the war films from the very period it chronicles... and will appeal to hardcore genre fans but not likely make a huge commercial impact.
Miramax let this World War II drama ... sit on the shelf for two years. Now it sits on the screen for more than two hours, lumpen and uninvolving.
What makes The Great Raid so disappointing is that the heroic moment it depicts deserves so much more.
The movie never quite lives up to the magnitude of the story it's trying to tell.
As the movie shuffles along the plotlines, the momentum drains to zero.
The Great Raid just isn't great until it starts to focus on the raid itself.
Great Raid shines a light on an important, little-told tale of WWII combat, but the history deserves less drowsy reverence and more wartime enthusiasm.
Sometimes you can have the best story a filmmaker could ask for, a giant pile of money and all the best intentions, only to end up with a sub-par piece of work.
An honest, well-crafted, engrossing story
Acting like a big-screen epic but coming across more like a cable TV extravaganza.
Heartfelt, reverent, honorable, and, ultimately, more than a little dull.
Just about any golden age Hollywood hack could have made a zestier drama about one of the greatest rescue missions in U.S. military history.
The drama is well-paced and often exciting.
While the film is often impressive and inspirational, more of the credit for this belongs to the actual events themselves than to their re-creation.
Divided three ways among the rangers, the prisoners and the resistance fighters in Manila, the movie feels unfocused, schematic and overpopulated.
Although the story of The Great Raid may have never been told on film, it's like every other POW movie, in this case made about 45 years too late.
A tedious World War II epic that slogs across the screen like a forced march in quicksand.
The Great Raid is a heartfelt film that accurately tells its story but lacks the emotional involvement to put it into the pantheon of great war films.
There's genuine tension in the film.
the cast seem embalmed, as does most of the action...
The action is brilliant, the combat sharp and rattling, and the film follows the historical record more closely than most Hollywood films.
Painfully slow and earnest, more like a museum exhibit than a motion picture.
The mission of the film is to inspire. Mission accomplished.
Represents another step in the depersonalization of John Dahl.
The raid is, indeed, great. The rest of the film, sadly, is not.
The 'Great' Raid is just okay.
Dahl makes something wonderfully curious of this historical material: an old-fashioned war picture, with no sadder-but-wiser deconstruction, no 'updated' salty language and no strained metaphors for later, more controversial conflicts.
The film is as black and white as any given State of the Union Address delivered by President George W. Bush.
Okay, so [it's] the hokiest war movie in the last 35 years....Bottom line: is the raid great? The answer is "yes," qualified by the film's unearned 132-minute running time.
Here is a war movie that understands how wars are actually fought.
It has dreams of sugarplum Oscars dancing in its head, and never stops mistaking spectacle for the truly spectacular.
...missing the inner heft its material requires.
Unfortunately, although John Dahl's film may have the length one normally expects from a war film with an ambitious trajectory, it lacks focus and the pacing is uneven.
Absorbs historical detail and shapes it with compelling tension while occasionally choking over its own self-importance.
The characters are stiff, depthless and remote, like figures engraved on a banknote.
A WWII movie so parched, so Reader's Digest expository, so utterly expressionless, it confuses taciturn Greatest Generation nobility with paralysis.
When the rescue operation finally begins, this well-filmed movie comes alive.
Dullest. Cast. Ever. Everybody in this movie comes off like they're playing dress-up. Here's one that should've stayed in the vault.
Ultimately scotched by History Channel-worthy nostalgia.
I'm sitting here staring at the 3-star rating I just gave this just-a-little better-than-humdrum war movie.
A moving blend of fact and fiction.
By the end, the threads have come loose.
A sturdy yet stagnant depiction of courage under fire.
Director John Dahl has fashioned a worthy tribute to the soldiers who carried out this seemingly impossible raid.
Why don't they make more movies like this? ... literally takes your breath away ... it's easily one of the best movies of the year.
Nicely dramatizes an event almost as impressive as Israel's freeing of hostages from Idi Amin at Entebbe airport.
I felt like I was being held prisoner. How could such a daring rescue be so boring?
This overlong march will bore all but the most nobly patriotic of auds.
Even audiences predisposed to sagas of American valor or nostalgic for the good old days of unswerving wartime coalitions will find little here beyond the retro patina to grab their attention.
Delayed since 2003, John Dahl's dust-collecting WWII chronicle The Great Raid finally arrives with the dull thud of a bomb that fails to detonate on impact.
Appeals to your interest in military strategy and the performance of our troops at their best. Patriots with an ounce of fervor should be willing to pay double or see it twice
Except for a silly fictional love story that demeans Margaret Utinsky's heroism, this is the best war movie ever, vividly contrasting Japanese bestiality with American valor.








@highlight

Though the climax of the film -- the actual raid -- is exciting, the rest of it is bogged down in too many subplots and runs on for too long.