The movie is slight but silly, goofy without being goony.
Robert Budreau's Born to be Blue dares to blur the lines between fact and fiction.
There are moments when Ethan Hawke's performance as Baker strikes just the right note of fragile, demon-haunted vulnerability. But these moments are set in a larger story that takes too long to get going, and too often loses its way
I hope Born to Be Blue sends audiences back to that Baker song and his other great jazz.
Blue may not be the most complete portrait of the artist, but its sumptuous images and sensitive performances provide a rough sketch to entertain devotees and neophytes alike.
Director Robert Budreau's style is ... controlled, bathing the characters in blue light, placing them in cool yellow and blue surroundings, and keeping the camera much more still ... It's a fitting aesthetic for his story.
Ejogo makes vivid work of that dread device, the composite character. Hawke, film-star handsome but unable to match the ruined angel looks of his alter-ego, still manages to summon up his lost-boy charisma.
What makes Born to be Blue a special film is the phenomenal performance of Ethan Hawke as the addled, wounded Baker.
For casual fans or people who have yet to encounter Baker, Born To Be Blue is a good place to start, perfectly encapsulating the fragility and self-destructive urges that underlined his uniquely beautiful and melancholic music.
Lord know we don't need another biopic of a troubled but brilliant musician, but writer/director Robert Budreau dives into the psychology of a figure like Baker with a depth that such films rarely muster.
After the movie, don't be surprised if you find yourself downloading or streaming his music. If you do you will be struck by the haunting similarities of his sound and those from this very evocative and inventive film.
Born to be Blue is perhaps a too-clever fictionalised take on the life of the jazz trumpeter Chet Baker, although Ethan Hawke's performance as the musician is as compelling as it is painful.
Writer-director Robert Budreau takes a stylised approach to this biopic of the legendary jazz artist Chet Baker, combining the achingly soulful music with an equally resonant performance from Ethan Hawke.
For all its deviations from biographical fact, Born to be Blue does finally capture something that is inescapably there on the records (and in that loaded title): the melancholy that, like the music, was forever in Baker's blood.
Whispery and jazzy and niche market, it is hooked around an excellent performance from Hawke.
Ethan Hawke puts in a career- best turn as jazz trumpeter Chet Baker in this imaginatively structured biopic.
Touched by resonant tragedies amongst his own friends and learning to play the trumpet for the role, Hawke is compelling, offering a magnetic portrayal of an exasperating but deeply charismatic, engaging figure.
As Baker, Ethan Hawke is intensely committed -- subtly conveying a complex mix of frailty and arrogance -- and there is strong work from Ejogo as well as Callum Scott Rennie as Baker's long-suffering ally, Pacific Jazz Records founder Dick Bock.
The result is a cool, crucial indie of the sort that now feels all too rare.
While not a definitive exploration of Baker's life, "Born to be Blue" does offer a lively portrayal of the man's elusiveness.
Even though the film won't fully commit to its more experimental flourishes, Hawke makes it feel truthful in a way that conventional music biopics rarely manage.
Hawke's performance is indicative of a feature that thrives in the notion of spontaneity and unpredictability, which is reflective of the subject's improvisational style, and what ensures this feature remains a fitting tribute to his legacy.
Anchored by a wistful, wincing Ethan Hawke, this film is well worth the watch.
You don't need to have an encyclopaedic knowledge of jazz to know Ethan Hawke is delivering a sterling performance.
Hawke portrays Baker as a little boy lost: selfish, sweet, insecure, arrogant, impossible to live with.
A brilliant, often brutal biopic that's cool for cats of any persuasion, whether jazz fans or otherwise.
Becomes so wedded to stodgy melodrama that you wind up thinking it's a bore to be that blue and just want to hear the man play.
It's not always easy to follow, but Born To Be Blue does help us to appreciate Baker's unique talent - and to understand why he came to such a sticky end, falling to his death from a hotel balcony in Amsterdam in 1988.
A fine, thoughtful performance from Ethan Hawke is the star attraction in Born To Be Blue, a melancholy dip into the tortured life of jazz trumpeter Chet Baker.
The occasional lows only serve to illustrate what a minefield the genius biopic can be - and how Born to be Blue skips through the genre more nimbly than most.
Purists might disagree, but you could argue that this reimagining of the 1960s comeback of jazz trumpeter and singer Chet Baker is closer in spirit to the riffing, improvisational nature of his music than a straight biopic could ever be.
You feel closer to Chet than you did coming in - and is this Hawke's greatest role?
Hawke, though, is able to convince us of Baker's talent - and of his charm, even when his behaviour is at its most erratic.
A serious, worthwhile film.
Hawke, speaking at the high end of his voice, is a fine enough Baker and a convincing jazz musician, but the film around him is filled in with music-movie caricatures.
A bio-pic that flits around, "Born to Be Blue" takes its name from one of Baker's best known songs.
Hawke's good in the role, but a more interesting casting choice would have been Josh Brolin, who's got more of Baker's tiny nose and power jaw, as well as more mimicry talent.
It's heavy subject matter, but the film is remarkably light on its feet. Budreau matches Baker's creative ingenuity, turning the cliched events of his subject's life into a bracingly original story
Budreau, who stages several breathtaking scenes of Baker playing against the vast open sky during a visit to his parents' farm in Oklahoma, successfully gets to the root of his subject.
There are highs and lows galore, balancing humor and darkness, in a film that slows to a Baker-speed crawl at times, but Hawke's central performance of a man with so many weaknesses is strong.
A biopic about the legendary jazz trumpeter and his lady as they strive to build a life together in love.
Baker, we learn, spent the last decade of his life in Europe, using heroin and making much of his greatest music. As an antidrug message, Budreau's film blows. As the study of a famous creative figure, it gets inside to a degree biopics rarely do.
Hawke makes this sweeter, gentler Baker believable in a schoolgirl-diary way-this is the Baker we want to believe in when we lie back in the embrace of his trumpet sound.
Hawke inhabits Baker beautifully, portraying his uncertain sobriety and channeling his pain in a stunning vocal of his signature tune, My Funny Valentine.
Hawke is superb as Baker, protraying a flawed, emotional, often funny character battling with demons and his own talents.
Chet Baker's life played out in much the same way, but he came to terms with the fact that he was born to be blue. His self-awareness over his self-fulling prophecy shows in his music as he uses his trumpet as an extension of his own emotional turmoil.
There's wonder in the desperation when we see Baker bleeding from the mouth in a bathtub as he practices the trumpet.
Born to Be Blue doesn't pretend to have all the answers. What it does have - in addition to an immersive performance from Ethan Hawke as the cool-cat jazz man - is an emotional understanding of who Baker was, or may have been.
Hawke plays Baker the way Baker played the trumpet, always open to interpretation and unafraid to color outside the lines. It's fabulous work, probably the best of his career.
Born to Be Blue" is more interested in trying to get to the great conundrum of this kind of artist: How could someone so messed-up create something so gorgeous?
As cliched as it sounds, sometimes an actor is born to play a role. That's certainly the case with Ethan Hawke as iconic jazz trumpeter Chet Baker.
"Born to Be Blue" is about jazz, sure, but it's also full of soul.
The film draws you deeply into Baker's fantasy world, to the point that the entreaty of his famous recording, "Let's Get Lost," almost seems like a good idea.
When Hawke's Baker finally slips out of the whiney loser persona and performs "My Funny Valentine," the scene evokes Baker's elusive melancholy and wistful torment, making the earlier fumblings worth the struggle.
Hawke's performance ably conveys the painful, humble work of climbing back up the mountain, and writer-director Robert Budreau mostly sticks to beauty over prettiness, and the nature of practice over the magic of talent.
It's understated, insistent, bittersweet, and doesn't linger a moment too long, animated by Baker's spirit to the end.
Born To Be Blue accepts the huge difficulty in accurately depicting a life, and doesn't make the attempt. The style is the star, more than any of the film's versions of Chet Baker.
[VIDEO ESSAY] Forget about dueling super-heroes, "Born to be Blue" and "Miles Ahead" are the real McCoy to see phenomenally gifted men sparring for supremacy on their chosen field of battle.
Better to listen to Chet Baker's original recordings than bother with this imitation....
Hawke captures both the mannerisms and the spirit of Baker, although the film itself squeezes its true-life subject matter into a formulaic melodrama about redemption and misunderstood artistry.
There's a genuine sense of struggle here, for Baker to both practice his trade and better himself as a person.
As Baker, Hawke deepens his string of indelible screen creations. Lovable and infuriating, his Baker alienates virtually every person around him, while keeping the viewer squarely in his corner.
Long takes, naturalistic dialogue, and a loose narrative structure make for a film that feels as improvised and authentic as its music.
Hawke is engaging as Baker, an attractive gent with hair to rival James Dean and an eerie playfulness that garnered him legions of fans, especially young women who found him irresistible for his looks and bad-boy persona if not always his music.
Fine work from Hawke as a self-destructive jazz icon in this uneven but compelling drama.
The semi-fictional film is as smooth as the man dubbed one of the leaders of the "West Coast cool" style of jazz.
By the final act, it's chilling how much Hawke has transformed into the late-career musician, looking aged well beyond his years.
Though Hawke and Ejogo both have easygoing screen presences, they are boring together, because Ejogo basically has nothing to do.
It's not necessary to be a jazz fan to get lost in this poetic and poignant film.
The mumbling ineptitude of Ethan Hawke that makes it impossible to make out half of what he's saying in any given scene.
Hawke's singular, even exquisite presence elevates even familiar or rote notes, and Born to Be Blue is at its best as a phantasmagoria melding the physicality and personalities of these two, much-pictured men.
It's ultimately the story of someone whose insecurities line up perfectly with his habit, creating a cycle from which he just can't escape.
Rather than a documented charting of Baker's enigmatic personal history, [director] Burdreau offers a reflexive glimpse along his road to recovery.
It's a strange, unsatisfying, fragmented movie, but at its best it belongs in the same unconventional continuum as Todd Haynes's I'm Not There (about Bob Dylan) and Love and Mercy (about Brian Wilson).
Hawke is terrific as the jazz legend.
A cool and dreamy jazz movie that has the stuttering smoothness of its subject.
A sympathetic and, dare I say it, jazzy ode to the white West Coast cat with a soulful sound [and an] addiction to heroin.
An amiable enough movie although it has about as much to do with the real Chet Baker as "Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Killer" has to do with our 16th President.
Ethan Hawke's performance notwithstanding, theatrical prospects look weak for this extremely niche outing.
That Born to Be Blue refuses to let Baker's genius absolve his personal failings separates this biopic from the usual fawning hagiography.
"Born To Be Blue" has many of the elements familiar to music biopics, but it's trying to do something different. It doesn't always succeed, but the attempt is a welcome change.
Budreau's melding of fact and fiction mostly succeeds, thanks in large part to a never-better Ethan Hawke as the jazzman.
By keeping the movie's goals and scale modest, Budreau makes something that should resonate with Baker fans and newcomers alike.
Its own fascinating beast, bolstered by an inventive, reality-blurring script and a moving performance by Ethan Hawke.
Baker emerges as a frightened, defiant, arrogant and entirely self-centered musician, who, by his own admission, excelled at only one thing. The rest of his life was a shambles.
Everything that makes Ethan Hawke an extraordinary actor - his energy, his empathy, his fearless, vanity-free eagerness to explore the deeper recesses of a character - is on view in his performance as Chet Baker..
The film is given a spark of life by the inspired casting of Ethan Hawke.
Hawke is endearingly tender: His boyish quality, layered beneath a level of helplessness, makes Baker's struggle so real it's nearly as heartbreaking as Baker's rendition of "My Funny Valentine."
The magic of Hawke's performance is that, without whitewashing Baker, he never stops locating the innocence within his crude behavior. His simplicity and honesty are disarming, especially as Jane batters him with questions.
Long-planned, but this soulful, earthy and warm portrait of a junkie jazz icon is well worth the wait.
Ethan Hawke doesn't exactly resemble young Chet Baker... But in Born to Be Blue he fully conveys the fragile apartness that marked Baker's art and persona.
Just as Budreau is more interested in an impression of Baker rather than absolute fidelity to the facts of his life, Hawke captures the artist's alternately wonderful and tragic essence.
[It] has all of the makings of drama and none of the chops. That's what most of this film feels like: empty wind through a trumpet - no tone, just air.
Writer-director Robert Budreau strip-mines the life of an amazing musician for the purpose of mounting yet another comeback story.
Budreau's variation on the theme of Chet Baker doesn't play out as an inspired improvisation, settling instead into the familiar grooves of a redemptive melodrama ...
The movie offers a more dramatic vision of the music business than of Baker's art.
Hardcore fans of Chet Baker's work may be puzzled by the artistic decisions made to deliver a stronger cinematic experience, but sometimes the truth is stranger than fiction could ever be.
Born to Be Blue serves as an honest and heartfelt ode to not only Chet Baker, but those who revel in the occasional highs and neverending lows that overwhelm the pursuit of art.
The Chet Baker of Born to Be Blue would say he's just trying to live a little. Budreau and Hawke are smart enough to find someone who was running from life as much as trying to live it.
Budreau constructs with imagination and pleasing fluidity, painting a portrait with a soft, sympathetic focus while steering clear of worship.
Born to be Blue is occasionally ragged but its spirit is admirable and stars powerful.
Budreau, while taking certain liberties with Baker's history, manages to mesh elements both tragic and whimsical in a compelling portrait of the artist as an almost-beaten man.
Budreau, Hawke and Ejogo emerge a little dusty, but otherwise intact - and that counts as a win, for them, us, and Chet Baker alike.
Surprisingly, and successfully, it becomes a love story. Hawke and Ejogo have phenomenal chemistry, as she plays Jane more as a stabilizer than a savior.
"Born to Be Blue" is a good movie about a great artist.
Hawke makes for an engaging lead, managing to make us believe that people would still give a difficult heroin addict like Baker yet more and more chances.
Hawke and Ejogo are both extremely easy on the eye, and share a agreeably warm sexual chemistry. But the movie around them looks a little flat and televisual: too clean, too bright, too period-perfect, too Mad Men.
Born To Be Blue doesn't really do anything new within the tormented-artist genre, but Ethan Hawke is absolutely compelling as the flailing Baker
Ethan Hawke gives one of the best performances of his career in Robert Budreau's Chet Baker non-biopic.
The film can stumble over into aimlessness. There's a moody air, though, which permeates Budreau's film and makes it unique.
Ethan Hawke is at his very best in Born to be Blue, a deeply felt and profoundly moving depiction of the relationship between art and addiction.

@highlight

Born to Be Blue benefits from a highlight-reel performance from Ethan Hawke and an impressionistic, non-hagiographic approach to Chet Baker's life and times.