If you are officially done with Halloween, and you're ready to start feeling like Christmas is right around the corner, then this movie is a must.
One cannot help but feel the same effect could have been accomplished by simply making a live action film with state-of-the-art visual effects.
A remarkable and effective adaptation of Charles Dickens' classic novel that manages to overcome the familiarity of its source material and become something more fulfilling.
A supernatural parable of terrifying, chain-rattling spirits and mind-warping time travel, with a theme of social responsibility that extends far beyond seasonal cheer.
Bah humbug: Zemeckis and Carrey screw with Scrooge.
Zemeckis and Disney's collaboration brings about a cold and forgettable variation using the advent of animation and technology to destroy the magic...
Zemeckis's retelling of A Christmas Carol is solid, most importantly letting the story itself shine through where it naturally does.
Creepy animation and a somewhat tired retelling might have you longing for the Muppet adaptation instead. At least the film's 3D-designed visuals are breathtaking.
The 1951 Alastair Sim version still ranks as the Number 1 Christmas Carol, but this mo-cap CGI animated version comes in a close second.
With a price tag of $175 million, Zemeckis might have even been able to pinch some pennies by abandoning the mo-cap and filming A Christmas Carol in live action. Hmm, I sound a little like Scrooge. Bah humbug!
Just like a new cover version of a classic song, A Christmas Carol is all crisp technology, same ol' structure, and a lot of spirit as substitute for a lack of soul.
click to read full review
What's good is very good and what's bad is sadly bad. I wish I could cut a montage of the sobering and well-thought-out segue from Present to Future, the swooping flights through London and Scrooge's amazing face.
There's a certain irony in having a timeless tale about a man finding his soul being told in the most soulless way possible
Its' lavish details bridge the gap between the real and the imagined in a way heretofore impossible.. the filmmakers have put most of their magic in the media and not the message.
Robert Zemeckis' infatuation with the motion-capture animation process has officially gone too far...
There's no heart, and I don't put it simply on the visuals that almost look real at times. Amazing 3D is the only thing this dark version does really well.
...there isn't much to fall in love with in Robert Zemeckis's visually overpowering motion-capture-animation...
takes full advantage of the technologies available, but fails to illuminate or otherwise expand Dickens' story in any meaningful ways
If you're remaking a classic merely to one-up whoever remade it previously, is it really worth the effort? Fortunately, Jim Carrey decided not to waste a wasted opportunity.
Watching the humans in this live action/animation combo is like watching 'Zombies On Parade'
The 3D isn't enough to justify yet another version of this familiar tale; the film seems more opportunistic than necessary.
This film is dark and scary enough that it just might scare some in the audience straight.
It is done with skill and imagination, and overseen by a director, Robert Zemeckis, who knows the value of occasionally quietening things down for a bit of tension or a precisely timed joke.
Faithfully rendered and extremely frightening.
What's curious about the movie is that you can tart it up all you want, but Dickens' words still resonate, his characters still infuriate, frighten and touch, and there's still satisfaction to be had in his tale.
Jamais deixa de impressionar.
The greatest tension in this adaptation of A Christmas Carol isn't between Scrooge and those pesky ghosts but within writer-director Robert Zemeckis.
It's a film so determined to make you notice it, that it comes across like an obnoxious child screaming, 'Look at me!'
... the heart of the story is there, and Zemeckis honors and respects it.
Leaving aside the technology behind Robert Zemeckis' animated A Christmas Carol, this is the most satisfying version of Charles Dickens' oft-told tale in years.
The real nightmare before Christmas - way too scary for the kiddies and not nearly warm enough for audiences of all ages.
The motion capture animation is top-notch and it's hard not to be impressed with what Robert Zemeckis has wrought, even if there's the occasional sense he's pandering to an audience that can't get through a 90 minute story without a few yuks and a chase.
The biggest surprise... is that it isn't absolutely dreadful. Perfectly pointless, maybe, but not dreadful.
The 3-D motion-capture version runs through the motions, except for one detail: It's visually beautiful.
'My next project is to motion capture some hair and comb it over my 3D scalp,' said Zemeckis.
Robert Zemeckis seeks to answer the one question still remaining about the Dickens classic: What would the story look like if it were cast with figures from Madame Tussauds?
Those who enjoy virtual roller-coaster rides and long falls from high places are encouraged to attend.
As a dedicated fan of Charles Dickens' works, I also am a dedicated fan of several versions of his classic "A Christmas Carol."
Hold onto your mug of warm apple cider. This newest, action-packed version of A Christmas Carol could get a little bumpy.
An exquisitely crafted visual experience.
Seeming spawned from some ghoulish dream I felt nothing warm or symbolic of a tradition from this film.
Are the less than perfectly executed bits supposed to set off the truly terrific ones, or are the truly terrific ones supposed to distract the viewing audience from the bits that go clunk in the night?
...we never experience that moment when Scrooge's heart melts. He seems already changed the moment Marley leaves him.
Yes %u2014 I am giving A Christmas Carol a high rating. It is technical perfection and brilliantly done. However, it is too much Zemeckis, too much Carrey. Not enough Dickens.
Writer-director Robert Zemeckis follows Charles Dickens' 1843 novella, A Christmas Carol, so closely that he even makes the same error the author made with the first edition of the book.
You don't need glasses -- 3-D or otherwise -- to see that this holiday release is too diluted for adults, too frightening for children, and too tiresome for just about everybody.
Most of us know the beginning, middle, and uplifting end. However, the hook this time is a trifecta: 3-D, digital imagery, and Jim Carrey. That hook makes this 'Christmas Carol' worth seeing.
A garish and tedious animated interpretation of the Charles Dickens classic that has neither heart nor soul.
Boasts dazzling CGI effects and important moral lessons, but it suffers from excessive style over substance while lacking the genuine, unadulturated warmth, emotional resonance and soul of the Dickens classic.
Scrooge's ultimate transformation to kindness and charity comes too late and is given little screen time. Carrey never gets a chance to be the funny comedian that has endeared him to his legion of fans.
There are already so many great adaptions of the classic Dickens story %u2013 this one adds nothing but CGI and gimmicky 3D effects.
Zemeckis seems unable to admit that the motion capture animation he's been using on The Polar Express and Beowulf is an artistic dead end.
exactly what I expected from Zemeckis and company. With the Dickens story as the foundation, it's perfect for the holiday season
Yes, Zemeckis does throw in a few gratuitous moments where things are flying at your face, but he ends up using enough restraint to ensure the 3D doesn't overwhelm your senses or take away from Dickens' stirring story about greed and redemption.
The only major change Disney's A Christmas Carol takes with the source material is draining the humanity right out of it.
How they made it into this Disney adaptation unprettified is a Christmas miracle in itself.
Zemeckis... appears to have given up making fantasies for grownups in favor of making theme-park attractions designed to do nothing more than shut the kiddies up for 90 minutes...
In the end you don't have to analyze it... that tear in your eye tells you it's working.
Too bad though, that for all the eye-popping spirits on screen, it lacks a soul.
Although Dickens has been translated time and time again, this animated adventure is no humbug.
Call me a Scrooge, but I'll pass on this synthetic version of that most humanistic of tales.
Zemeckis' film preserves much of Dickens' original dialogue and detail while amplifying the utter ethereal strangeness of the ghosts.
There's a lot of dark magic in this Dickensian Yuletide.
Want the creeps for Christmas? Then check out the latest version of A Christmas Carol.
Does this entertainment achieve a timelessness beyond its exquisite source material? Not even. Yet there's pleasure to be had and relief in feeling the filmmakers didn't Scrooge it up either.
Disney's excessively hyped A Christmas Carol brings Dickensian details to such sumptuous life that you mostly forgive it for possessing a stop-motion soul.
The movie may be yet another retelling of an iconic story, but visually it is often quite breathtaking.
Zemeckis captures all the story's terror, but its pathos has always been the real challenge, and it mostly eludes him.
You don't identify with Scrooge at any point, nor is blatant fakery scary. Picture The Seventh Seal with sock puppets.
A branded piece of shiny seasonal entertainment.
Robert Zemeckis turns the classic Dickens tale into a 3D performance-capture spectacle, abetted by the versatility of Jim Carrey as skinflint Scrooge and his ghostly visitors.
Succeeds in delivering a respectful--if not always magical--interpretation of Dickens' famous tale.
all science and little sentiment
It feels like Zemeckis wanted to make one movie (a socially relevant ghost story) and Disney wanted another (a Polar Express-type movie). It doesn't work.
The good news about A Christmas Carol, then, is that Dickens' story -- the pure power of it, the grace and gentleness, the sensibility and sentiment of it -- cannot be drowned or destroyed no matter how many technicians and dollars are thrown at it.
A splendidly mounted and visually imaginative animated 3D version of the classic novel.
For the most part, Zemeckis delivers a faithful interpretation of Dickens' work in this PG-rated holiday tale. What he misses out on capturing is the spirit of Dickens' story.
...a remarkable and effective adaptation of Charles Dickens' classic novel that manages to overcome the familiarity of its source material and become something more fulfilling.
this is not the Scrooge McDuck or Mr. Magoo version of the classic Charles Dickens tale, this A Christmas Carol is the dark, challenging and frightening version of the story
Cinematographer Robert Presley and the design team provide many instances of graphical triumph, influenced by silent cinema.
As for this 'performance capture,' rife with characters sporting the annoying wandering eye, it might be time for an intervention, ghostly or not. You're a filmmaker, Mr. Z, not a puppeteer. Enough is enough.
This Hollywood adaptation is as glossy as Christmas wrapping paper and just as disposable.
A Christmas Carol should be as cosy and familiar as piping-hot tea and buttered, toasted crumpets, not a brain-battering sensory assault that feels like downing tequila shots on a rollercoaster.
There is a weird lack of passion here, almost condescension, a sense that Scrooge's agonised moral journey into his past is potentially pretty dull, and so Zemeckis is always livening things up by whooshing the old miser excitingly through the night sky.
Zemeckis has succeeded is transforming a staid and over-familiar story into a rip-roaring and viscerally powerful special effects chase-movie.
The whizzing pyrotechnics aren't quite enough to make this a Christmas classic.
A Christmas Carol is certainly set to win the nation's attention. With all this hype, we'd hoped for something a bit more special.
It is an experience, being stunning to look at -- and you'll only get the full effect from seeing it on the big screen, rather than waiting for the DVD.
Zemeckis brightens up the screen with beautiful visual effects but had trouble bringing anything new to this already amazing story that we have heard a million times before.
Charles Dickens's reflective, universal story becomes fodder for a technological thrill ride starring a rough approximation of Jim Carrey.
Sometimes the richness of the visual banquet threatens to leave viewers with Christmas afternoon indigestion yet never stops you feeling hungry for more.
In a very real sense, this version of A Christmas Carol is the most faithful to Charles Dickens' original text ever filmed.
A strikingly animated and thoroughly magical 3-D adaptation... that, counter to so many other versions, beautifully captures the darkly intense vibe of Dickens' ghost story.
It's a heartwarmer that doesn't have much of a heart itself.
If you want an entertaining period piece, you could do a lot worse than attend Robert Zemeckis' A Christmas Carol.
Disney's excessively hyped A Christmas Carol revels so richly in bringing the Dickensian details to sumptuous life that you wind up forgiving it for possessing a stop-motion soul.
A near-perfect blend of looks and heart.
A technically proficient but disturbing adaptation (that) adopts a surprisingly macabre tone.
It's like taking a Christmas wreath and dipping it in wax or laminating a Christmas card in plastic. Zemeckis risks creating another Yule ghoul: the Ghost of Christmas Without Soul.
As the lead character, Carrey's CG-created body is spindly and bent, and he has fun with his vocal performance, turning every word into a strangled hiss.
The use of 3-D leaves the not unpleasant sensation that snow is gently falling throughout the entire cinema. A respectable, high-tech stab at an old favourite but the Alastair Sim version remains the best.
After round two in Jim Carrey vs. Holiday Classics, it's Carrey 2, Classics 0.
Full of Christmas cheer this is not.
The story is robust enough to survive the theme-park treatment, and for the most part it's a very good ride, with a welcome note of actual Christmas caroling spirit.
Dickens purists can stay away. Others can feel free to sample the rollicking aerial views of Victorian London, the droll and scary elasticity of Carrey.
Scores high on swooping visuals and meticulous draughtsmanship.
There's no warmth from these spooky, human-modelled digitised automatons, who glide about like all-night trance festival-goers the morning after.
[It's] not something you should say bah humbug to.
Despite the obvious care given the story, at its heart it is a dry lump of coal. This "Christmas Carol" is curiously remote and cold.
A Christmas Carol is a worthy stab at mixing old and new, a vintage tale done with some fresh dazzle and a reminder that the movies can still bring the wow.
At its best, this revamp gets the eerie oppressiveness of London fog and Marley's rattling chains just right -- we all know the moral, but Zemeckis does remind us what a spine-chilling yarn it is.
Leaves a lot to be desired, and it's a virtual grab bag of good ideas mixed with bad.
Unfortunately, as good as the animation is, it never quite manages to bring any of the characters to life and the film fails to connect on an emotional level as a result.
For most of us, all the surprises here are visual, and it's well worth seeing in 3D.
As a movie to get you in the Christmas spirit, A Christmas Carol does its job nicely.
A visual extravaganza with dazzling special effects.
Really, who cares? The essence of the story has been lost in the process. Give me The Muppet Christmas Carol any day.
There is an almost constant deadness to the eyes that is deeply distracting, while each person's movements are so ungainly and wild even Gumby would look at them all wandering around and wonder why they look so uncomfortably odd.
Charles Dickens' lifelong wish to have his story retold as a three-dimensional cartoon has finally been realized. At last his soul may be at peace.
3-D adaptation of classic holiday tale may scare young kids.
If you've ever wanted to see what 3D could actually do for a film if it wasn't just used as a gimmick then check out A Christmas Carol.
Parental Content Review
Children not already familiar with the past iterations of A Christmas Carol will be in heaven if they can get past the spookier elements, while the rest of viewers will be happy with, if not quite euphoric for, what Robert Zemeckis has cooked up.
Happily, despite all the ornamentation in this 3-D adaptation, the pic remains mostly faithful to the novel, while only occasionally devolving into spectacle.
Just when you give up on it, usually in the middle of its latest, extraneous, gyroscoping thrill-ride sequence, Zemeckis reminds you that he's capable of true visual dynamism, enhanced but not wholly dictated by the digital landscape he so clearly adores.
Carrey's Scrooge is deliciously pinched and credible. As, indeed, is this film -- that is, when it feels like Dickens and not a theme park ride.
Have we learned nothing from The Klumps?
To put it bluntly, if Scroogely, Disney's 3-D animated version of A Christmas Carol is a calamity.
By the time A Christmas Carol finishes piling its many shiny presents with their many bells and whistles under the tree, there's no room left for tears for Tiny Tim. Bah humbug indeed.
Favors thrill-ride effects that are more often the star than the servant of the story. It's like "Silent Night" played by Led Zeppelin.
This motion-capture animated adaptation is a real Christmas cracker.
Zemeckis' movie may lack the emotional impact of the 1951 British version of A Christmas Carol, starring Alastair Sim as a truly transformed and happy Scrooge. Nevertheless, it's a visual treat that respects and artfully enhances its source.
Enough elements of Dickens's story remain for a viewer to be refreshed by Scrooge's change of heart, and to be moved by his rediscovery of the Christmas spirit that climaxes the story.
A re-telling should either present a resonant or fresh thematic take. This Christmas Carol seems like a pale ghost of Dickens' magical Christmas classic.
Carrey's performance as the miserly misanthrope is lost amid effects more typically encountered in theme-park and video-game adventures. (P.S.: Is it just me, or does it also peeve you that the Mouse House claims proprietary rights on Dickens' title?)
There's some dazzling stuff here. But you get creepy, dead-eyed and inexpressive performances - even sympathetic characters end up looking like the ventriloquist's doll in that Anthony Hopkins movie.
It's nice of Hollywood to go to all the trouble but, honestly, Dickens doesn't need the help.
Charles Dickens wrote the book 50 years before movies even existed. He wrote for the imagination. And until now, movies haven't been able to measure up.
It's an unengaging, dull adaptation that has nothing really new to say in regards to the already-much-told tale.
Shockingly, the new film turns out to be very good, at times close to brilliant: a darkly detailed marvel of creative visualization that does well by Dickens and right by audiences -- when it's not trying to sell them a theme park ride.
The holiday spirit feels real, but the film does not.
Clear evidence of the limitations of the performance-capture method of animation and of the excesses it invites...there's more of artifice than art in it.
The utter freedom of camera movement evokes a visceral sense of buoyant jubilation that immediately connects us to the movie's setting.
It's visually stunning and all, but this is one version of A Christmas Carol that the world can probably live without. Humbug!
All I want for Christmas is for Robert Zemeckis to stop making mo-cap movies.
If you want realism, use actors. If you want animation, use your imagination. Sadly, imagination is missing from this technically impressive but emotionally inert film.
It's eerie rather than wondrous.
It's not that Carrey fails in this serious guise, but, rather, it strips the comic actor of everything that makes him so special.
Too much of the film is geared around 3-D wizardry. Unneeded sequences pop up for purely "wow" baiting.
A leaden and ugly mess that offers all the emotional and dramatic heft of an exceptionally garish Christmas window display.
Robert Zemeckis finds eye-popping, high-tech new life in Dickens' hoary chestnut.
The best part of this Christmas Carol is the end, when the ugly animation metamorphoses back into the pages of a book.
The story that Dickens wrote in 1838 remains timeless, and if it's supercharged here with Scrooge swooping the London streets as freely as Superman, well, once you let ghosts into a movie, there's room for anything.
By Fezziwig, that story still works and tugs at the heart. It would even if each ghost's visit weren't scored with overly-suitable Christmas carols.
In spite of its holiday trappings, A Christmas Carol is an incredibly bleak look into the deepest and darkest human fears, but it is also a vibrant celebration of our better natures.
In this morality tale, which winds up playing like the advertisement for an amusement park ride, Scrooge is supposed to be afraid of the truth, not the ghosts.
A refreshing update of Dickens' timeless tale.
The whole enterprise is just so empty and pointless, a bunch of bland technical wizardry that will be dated in five years.
A moody picture of extraordinary technical achievement, not a glazed retelling of holiday reform. The distance is unavoidable, but my hope is that audiences take the opportunity to drink in the astonishing craftsmanship of the film.
Disney's A Christmas Carol is a marvelous and touching yuletide toy of a movie, and the miracle is that it goes right back to the gilded Victorian spirit of those black-and-white films of yore.
Zemeckis' latest motion-capture CGI project capsizes Dickens' narrative power simply because the faces of the human simulacra are so utterly inexpressive and ugly.
While for some there is something disconcerting about the lifeless eyes of the otherwise life like characters, it certainly lends itself to large 3D cinemas, with rubber faced characters and grand sweeping movement.
Against the odds, this Disney version, written and directed by Robert Zemeckis, could be the best adaptation to date of the story.
Charles Dickens' classic story hasn't been revitalized but it has been faithfully and capably recreated.
Even as [Zemeckis] uses the 3D process to turn A Christmas Carol into a rollercoaster ride through a solidly built fantasy world, he never forgets that at bottom the tale is an awful warning about how egoism and greed can destroy your humanity.
All style and no substance, Disney's A Christmas Carol is a yawn inducing retread of a tired fable.
Utilizing performance-capture technology, it's intricate and ingenious, offering a 3-D fantasy/adventure thrill ride, soaring into the holiday season.
Thankfully, this Christmas Carol is Scrooge-centric...and, thanks to an unusually layered performance by Jim Carrey, that mostly saves the day for this film.
If Disney invested in this because they were hoping for an annual re-release and an easy cash cow every time the season rolls around, I think they'll be disappointed.
A clear step in the right direction for Zemeckis and his pet techno-project, the film nonetheless ultimately sabotages itself by prizing the hectic over the heartfelt.
This Carol has a worse identity crisis than Scrooge. Clinging to the novel, the film tries to break out of its insular theatrics to propel Scrooge and his supernatural helpmates into outer space, as if in takeoff into a different sci-fi comic book movie.
The director has brought this Charles Dickens classic to such vivid life that in some ways you feel like you are experiencing it for the first time
A Christmas Carol is a whiz-bang 3-D thrill-ride with all the emotional satisfaction squeezed out of it.
Zemeckis' motion-capture animated features continue to be odd presents, offering undeniable technical skill with a host of other obstacles hindering total enjoyment.
There are nightmarish images, ghostly themes and a feeling that it might be a bit much for kids, but it's a touching film with visuals that will blow your mind. It's a trip.
Bob Hoskins looks just right as kind old Mr. Fezziwig, but that may be more of a testament to the actor's physiognomy than to the motion-capture process, which makes most of the film's cast look like they just sauntered out of Madame Tussauds.
A Christmas Carol is, in its essence, a product reel, a showy, exuberant demonstration of the glories of motion capture, computer animation and 3D technology. On that level, it's a wow. On any emotional level, it's as cold as Marley's Ghost.
Shortchanging traditional animation by literalizing it while robbing actors of their full range of facial expressiveness, the performance-capture technique favored by director Robert Zemeckis looks more than ever like the emperor's new clothes.
A Christmas Carol is an engaging and relatively dark take on a seasonal classic that finds director Robert Zemeckis refining the performance capture animation technique he used to mixed effect on The Polar Express and Beowulf.
By the time it's over, you'll have to be a real Scrooge yourself to not have at least a little bit of the Christmas spirit instilled into you.
This is a faithful retelling of the story, proving that strong tales such as these are better off without embellishment. The enhancements here come, not to the source material but to the look of the film, which is beautifully rendered in immersive 3D.
This new Christmas Carol starring Jim Carrey will scare the bejesus out of small children!
Conceptually brilliant with mind-blowing special effects, but who is the intended audience of this visual extravaganza? Certainly not children: the content is far too dark with haunting imagery that could provoke nightmares for impressionable youngsters









@highlight

Robert Zemeckis' 3-D animated take on the Dickens classic tries hard, but its dazzling special effects distract from an array of fine performances from Jim Carrey and Gary Oldman.