The bloated running time (110 minutes!) certainly doesn't do the film any favors...
The Broken Lizard crew amuse each other with enough banal antics (can anything else account for this film running nearly two hours?) that the sober viewer suffers enormous gaps of boredom between good jokes.
Five pounds of (funny) stuff in a 12-pound bag.
...aggressively, rampantly, jaw-droppingly dull.
Broad strokes comedy in which fat characters are hot dog eating champions and Germans are a beer-chugging cross between Captain von Trapp, Hitler and Heidi
It's not for everyone, but this delivers pretty much everything you could be expecting from a film called Beerfest.
Beerfest is a film that appears to have been conceived on the back of a beermat and its trashy direction, nonexistent plot and dismal comic mugging would seem to suggest that preparations progressed no further.
Fans of Broken Lizard's previous work will enjoy this beer-fuddled effort; for anyone else it has its moments, but is best watched through beer-goggles.
Like a bad batch of homebrew - all the ingredients are there for a fun comedy, but it's just a bit off.
Possibly the most irresponsible movie ever made and also one of the worst.
This tepid celebration of binge drinking goes flat fast.
While we'd probably be exaggerating to claim that Beerfest is the least funny film ever made, it's undoubtedly top ten material.
If belching and beer games make you laugh, Beerfest should be on your A-list. But don't see it sobe
"Beerfest" doesn't offer much more than a keg of cheap laughs %u2014 but that's something worth drinking to.
When the movie ended, I needed a drink, but not for the reasons that the movie intended.
"Beerfest" has its moments. But essentially it's all foam and no body.
Beerfest is what it is, silliness that entertains at its own lowbrow level.
Drunkenness, binge drinking and German-hating have never seemed so appealing.
There's an old slogan for a popular beer company: "Tastes great, less filling." Beerfest would certainly have tasted better had it been less filling by about 30 minutes.
It draws some occasional big laughs, has a few serious misfires, but sustains a tone of sloppy jocularity throughout.
While no one sober will consider this a comedy classic, there are some gems buried in the muck.
Its most egregious trait is the inability to conjure up laughs over the course of two hours.
Just too much of a not-all-that-good thing -- kind of like drinking a case of Pabst Blue Ribbon.
In the end, the group's low-key charm is what makes this strange brew of frat-house comedy, sports movie and triumph-of-the-underdog tale go down smoothly.
Even in a wacky, stupid comedy like this you have to have some thread of a plot.
Friends don't let friends drive a great comedy premise into the ground by making it too long, humorless and flat. The drinking stories you tell your friends are funnier.
The funniest movie of the summer.
Bound to spark laughs, but the film as a whole is annoyingly underdeveloped.
peeing jokes peaked with Leslie Nielsen's marathon whiz in The Naked Gun
The tone of Beerfest is like South Park if they did an episode only about the adults in South Park... Even real German actors put on ridiculous accents.
I felt oddly respected: Neck-deep in barley and boobs, marinated in urine, Beerfest panders shamelessly to the 15-year-old in this 30-year-old... without assuming he is a 15-year-old.
My best suggestion for people who insist on going to see this immense waste of time? Go drunk.
Ok, so maybe you don't absolutely have to have a Y chromosome and be 14 years old (or have the mind of a 14-year-old) to appreciate the freshmanic humor that is Beerfest. But, oh, does it help.
Beerfest plays like a party that's gone on too long, when the buzz has worn off and the hangover starts to set in.
The Broken Lizard comedy troupe's fourth feature is funnier than you might imagine.
A movie that feels as if it was conceived, executed, edited and ultimately released by people in an advanced state of gassy inebriation.
Beerfest is an excuse to get happily dumb and decadent, which would be great if the movie was actually funny.
Fans of Broken Lizard will appreciate the obnoxiousness, but all the audacity is less "transgressive" of social norms than conventional.
If you like to drink Pabst Blue Ribbon beer, you'll probably like this movie. If you're a cognac person, the scene where the great-grandmother performs a sex act on a sausage may not be refined enough for your tastes.
Because it's basically sketch comedy, it suffers from that unevenness that comes from trying to string a bunch of sketches together to form a cohesive whole. It is also ribald, outrageous, shameless, and oddly warmhearted.
It's fun-dumb and definitely not everyone's cup of tea -- I don't want to oversell it -- but Broken Lizard keeps it interesting by refusing to color inside the lines, creating their own silly little universe.
It's amusing on occasion, but also garbled, repetitious and potentially offensive.
This movie will be as essential to the DKE house as a Sharpie for writing jokes on a passed-out brother; it's pure guy humor.
Among the cast, Chandrasekhar is easily the funniest of the Lizards, though in fairness, each has his moments. The movie does, too; just expect them to shrink exponentially depending on your level of sobriety.
Still, while Beerfest is chaotic and lame, the truth is, it never pretends to be anything else.
Thanks to Broken Lizard, beer drinkers finally have a movie to call their own%u2026 and it kicks ***.
Beerfest features more beer consumed on screen than any movie since Strange Brew, while simultaneously offering less in the way of redeeming social value than Freddy Got Fingered.
Good for a few giggles, some of that stuff. But you'll probably have more laughs over a couple cold ones at the neighborhood bar than you will at Beerfest.
Ultimately, the film's target demographic is the same people that engage in these drinking games and incessantly quote Old School. To them, it is a classic on a par with The Wedding Crashers. All others should opt out for a cold one.
Broken Lizard fans might enjoy this idiocy, but there isn't enough here to attract any new audiences for the troupe's silly antics.
Watching endless scenes of sport drinking gets tiresome and by the time the film reaches the final competition, you might feel too bloated to laugh.
Scene by scene it's funny enough, but it goes exactly where you expect it to go, which makes the last third a lot less funny than the first two-thirds.
The script, cowritten by all the members, is too sloshy and bleary-eyed to throw any darts that hit anything but the wall.
Beerfest is a one-joke movie ("Hey what if the Olympics had cool competitions like beer pong?") and the level to which it sustains that one joke is almost admirable.
Beerfest is dumb as a box of rocks. It's a brawny, badly-shot mess that goes on a little too long. .... And I loved it -- or, rather, I laughed during it and was consistently amused by audacity and stupidity going hand in hand.
Unapologetically crude and politically incorrect, this is certainly not for everyone. But those with an appreciation for such things will be delighted.
Beerfest won't kill you, but unless you're in a certain brew-guzzling youth demographic, you might find yourself wondering why you're not laughing at this helping of bad-news beers.
Beerfest may have good lineage, but that doesn't always make for a good movie. In any case, there it is -- all bloated and glassy-eyed and ready for a swig.
Making a comedy that celebrates binge drinking and cretinous behavior isn't a crime against nature. Making one that's as brutally unfunny as Beerfest is.
You'll laugh your Heineken off! Check your brain at the door for this hilarious and unapologetically raunchy yukfest.
In telling the story of a secret Fight Club-style drinking competition that literally takes place beneath Munich's famous Oktoberfest, it hopes to become the ultimate frat-boy beer-drinking cult movie. I don't think it gets there.
I cannot explain why [someone] manually ejaculating a frog [is] funny. ... If you cannot accept that such a scene might be funny, "Beerfest" is not your movie.
[Beerfest] gets off to a shaky start and sputters to a conclusion at least half an hour later than it should, but it's got a creamy middle.
It's one of those films that looks like it was more fun to make than it is to watch. I wanted it to be great, but it's only good.
...you're going to enjoy it a lot more if you spent a healthy chunk of your late teens/early 20s playing Bullsh*t and doing keg stands
best viewed when extremely intoxicated.
Best viewed while sloshed, Beerfest is idiotic, tasteless and irrepressibly good-natured in other words, a frat-house classic.
Real-life beer is needed to fully appreciate the experience, so if you aren't lucky enough to be near a theater that sells alcohol, waiting for the DVD -- and a kegger -- is the only way to go.
Beerfest is tedious and, at 112 minutes, too long to sustain a sophomoric, one-joke comedy even for the presumed target audience of older male teens and the college-age crowd.
imagine Fight Club. Now add beer.
Beerfest wants to run aimlessly amok in its chaotic craziness but this whole sordid affair is so sloppily conceived that it couldn't even walk a crooked line.
These guys look like a bunch of accountants making movies on their smoke break, and Beerfest isn't made to please anybody but their fraternity brothers still chained to their Peter Pan Syndrome.
I can't remember a year when there have been as many horrible movies. "Beerfest" is the poster child for them...makes "Talladega Nights" look like Hamlet.
A hard 'R' comedy outfitted with plenty of female nudity and no unnecessary romantic subplots, Beer Fest has all the commitment of a night of drunken college debauchery and none of the "double secret probation" ramifications.
Any filmgoer off the street could head into this one dry and still find something hard to laugh at.
... guys in lederhosen and Tyrolean hats with mincing mock-German accents, American can-do spirit in the face of overwhelming beer consumption, and gratuitous sight gags.
funny when it goes for outrageous and farcical, but tedious when it displays the originality of a Kevin Federline rap.
The boys of Broken Lizard have no shame. That's what their fans like about them.
Juvenile, scattershot, eager-to-please, and laugh-out-loud funny.
Accept Beer Fest for the ludicrous frat-boy fantasyland it strives to portray and there's a chance you might laugh at most of it. There's a better chance that you'll hate yourself for it the next morning.
The Broken Lizard comedy troupe returns to the big screen with a film that is, impossibly, even more sophomoric than their seminal Super Troopers.
Silly, very un-PC, often laugh-out-loud funny and refreshingly short on bathroom humor, Beerfest is Strange Brew's endearingly ungainly cousin.
Knows it's a dumb movie and plugs ahead cheerily and without pretention...but the jokes quickly run thin.
Beerfest serves up a keg's worth of fun.
Beerfest is one sloppy comedy, but the lads of the comedy troupe Broken Lizard don't know when to say when in their pursuit of the idiotic laugh.
There's roughly a pint of quality comedy rattling around in this keg-sized movie.
An hour and 50 minutes! Were they trying for the War and Peace of chugger flicks?
Beerfest has a good time making fun of two genres: Mighty Ducks/team-of-plucky-misfits movies and Magnificent Seven/assemble-a-crack-team-of-experts movies.
Beerfest might not be your cup of tea -- or mug of pilsener -- but fans of the group's earlier movies (Super Troopers and Club Dread) know what to expect: cleverly construed bad taste.
At 111 minutes, the movie is too slackly paced to build up enough momentum; like the characters they play, these guys don't know when to call it a night.
If you're not amused by German accents or burping, this probably isn't your movie.
The middle of the movie is plenty long and aimless enough for the troupe to cobble together a handful of quality gags.
Like just about every other American screen comedy of the moment, it's far too long in the tooth, with a scattershot final half-hour that seems the work of an editor battling a bad hangover.
You'd have to be drunk to appreciate Beerfest. Really drunk. So sloshed that you don't know which way is up or down. So wasted that the dull and overlong seems witty and sharp.
Would easily qualify as the most aggressively stupid movie of the year had it not been trumped by a movie about NASCAR.
... there is a lot of dead air, most of which is filled with bare breasts and loud burps.
Nothing to celebrate...a loud, boozy bust.
Beerfest unfolds like a decent college kegger, the best moments coming late in the carousal, as more suds are quaffed, inhibitions loosen up and everything starts seeming funnier.
You'll find yourself shaking your head, then laughing your @$$ off at the next bad joke.
Both filthier and funnier than Broken Lizard's prior efforts, Beerfest is still decidedly hit-or-miss.
This ode to the mass consumption of tasty brews is out of bubbles. Drink up before you see it, you'll need the buzz.






@highlight

Beerfest features some laugh-inducing gags, but is too long and the pacing too uneven to form a coherent, functioning comedy.