Omar is a relatively undidactic take on the lives of ordinary Palestinians with no choice but to endure the indignities imposed by the constraints of Israel's "separation wall."
Omar is an obvious political thriller which consistently, insistently attempts to steer us in a particular direction.
Beautifully shot, complicated, smart, and undeniably intense ... well-deserving of its place as the Palestinian nominee for this year's Best Foreign Language Film.
Doesn't provide easy answers as it builds its pressure cooker environment, putting primary attention on the personalities involved, allowing for a human perspective as it details acts of breathless survival and suffocating paranoia.
From button-pushing Palestinian writer/director Hany Abu-Assad, who gave us the inflammatory Paradise Now in 2005, comes an equally piercing, if less politically strident look at life under Israeli occupation.
Bakri gives a richly detailed performance, often allowing his stoicism to slip and reveal the confused and angry young man within.
Abu-Assad does not aim for the Dardennes' breathless immediacy. Rather, the story is laid out in a lucid, diagrammatic way, like a mathematical proof that for someone in Omar's position there are no right choices.
This is a subtle political film: one that fully dramatises a situation and lets us think out its contradictions for ourselves.
Abu-Assad is simply reflecting the ever-changing nature of his characters' daily lives in a fraught and strange environment in which betrayal has become endemic.
As in his Golden Globe-winning 2005 drama Paradise Now, Israeli filmmaker Hany Abu-Assad takes a complex, personal approach to a touchy political-religious situation in this Palestinian love story.
The end result is a nerve-rattling entertainment flavoured by vigorous, deeply felt polemic.
A tense, involving combination of love story and thriller.
The story dishes out action and surprises without losing its political intent.
Abu-Assad cares about his characters and their wretched but thrilling situations.
A shell game of betrayal and counter-betrayal set in the worlds of police informing and sectarian score-settling on either side of the Israel-Palestine divide.
Abu-Assad brings raw, human emotions into the situation, adding a poignancy to this engrossing piece of cinema.
Hard-hitting moments abound amid the slightly tangled plotting.
The same story could have been set in any period, but set in an urgent contemporary world this is alive to the major moral conundrums contained in the everyday.
This gripping Palestinian thriller evokes Gillo Pontecorvo's The Battle of Algiers in its depiction of not only the psychological pressures faced by people under occupation, but the murky moral consequences of retaliating.
It's told with a stark, pitiless clarity that leaves you with fewer answers than before.
A masterful filmmaker, Abu-Assad choreographs heart-pounding Bourne-esque chase scenes ... while deftly marking the passage of time.
Omar is romance and thriller. Of course, trust is at the heart of the matter.
Multi-faceted, thought-provoking Palestinian film could have used more heart, less brain
A hopeless tangle in the West Bank
A fraught film ...
Palestine's official submission for the Best Foreign Language Oscar is terse, tense suspense drama, and less overtly political than you might expect.
...an affective piece of filmmaking and garners empathy for Omar. The fact that the helmer gets such solid performances from newcomers is, in itself, remarkable.
Abu-Assad offers no solutions here. Instead he paints a portrait of the daily rhythms of the occupation, an endless conflict that has seeped into every aspect of life in the West Bank.
The film works best as a straightforward melodrama set in an anything but straightforward world.
...fares best in its opening half hour...
As a thriller, Omar is quite on a par with the slickest action suspense film, and its twists and turns keep it compelling on a pure entertainment level.
Abu-Assad has created a convincingly noirish hell that feeds on distrust and vengeance.
The somber Omar isn't as controversial as Paradise Now but it too gets behind the TV news bulletins to discreetly put a human face on what is often just more electronic noise. Sometimes it's the quietest voices that are really the loudest.
While one might certainly debate how persuasive the non-fictional implications of the story are, it's difficult not to be moved by the fictional narrative that leads to them.
Turns a story of resisting military occupation into a politically one-sided, contrived reminder about the risks of irresponsible love triangles.
Abu-Assad does a masterful job of showing, in these seemingly hopeless circumstances, the fragility of life.
So this is what it's like to be a young Palestinian in the occupied West Bank.
Fresh take on thrillers and Romeos-and-Juliets set along the Israel/Palestine security wall. . . imbues a social consciousness in a mystery containing an intimate secret.
A well done, captivating thriller.
What makes Omar a remarkable accomplishment is that it also works brilliantly as a genre piece, keeping its audience at the edge of their seats for most of the running time.
We take Omar's fate to be sealed from the moment he first meets his soft-voiced, salt-and-pepper-bearded, Mandy-Patinkin-on-Homeland-looking interrogator.
A deft blending of thriller and romance, "Omar" invokes everything from film noir to Shakespeare.
The young cast making their film debuts keep us guessing as to just who's playing whom with the film itself playing like a more modestly scaled Occupied Territories version of "Casablanca."
Abu-Assad creates vivid, relatable characters, but like "Paradise Now," "Omar" is more about a place whose people are so beaten down they can't see any way out.
A story of love and betrayal set against political tumult and violence in Palestine, "Omar" is both classic and painfully present in its concerns.
Abu-Assad's tale is less a political thriller than it is a human story - although everything about its setting and circumstances is defined by oppression, surveillance, restriction, and control.
Helped along by an amazing cast of mostly first-time actors, "Omar" feels very fresh, due to its attitude, its approach, and the fact that it offers no solutions.
A tender love story, a haunting tragedy and an expertly crafted thriller with flawed, damaged and not entirely likable characters.
It is difficult to figure out which is the film's more pressing theme - the power of love to change the course of a life, or the political and social realities of living in occupied territory.
Director Hany Abu-Assad's film is tense and often thrilling, creating complex political issues through complicated personal struggles.
Watching someone learn to loathe is heartbreaking because it damns us all with a collective desire for revenge.
It's the sort of film that feels so authentic that even knowing it's a fiction, the morning after seeing it, I found myself scanning headlines to see if there were any new developments.
"Omar" does not offer the promise of a just or satisfying resolution, a fatalism all the more devastating given its realistic methods and humane, understated performances.
I don't want to see the characters as freedom fighters or terrorists. I just want to see them as human beings. But the director uses them as political magnets to draw us toward his ideological sympathies.
Bakri, a relative newcomer to the big screen, does a superb job of carrying a film in which he appears in nearly every scene.
A riveting blend of thriller and romance elements, "Omar" grabs you from the very first image.
"Omar" is a real thriller, a snake pit of plot twists, in which the perspectives shift, destinations change and the moral universe spins and sways.
[U]ndeniably juicy packaging for what is, at its core, a good but not great crime drama
[Hany-Abu] Assad is getting better as a director, too. He handles scenes with a relatively light touch, and a foot chase has a certain action movie craft to it.
...a razor-sharp thriller.
The movie grips us partly because Bakri's performance is alternately casual and calculated.
The virtues of "Omar," a thriller about the Palestinian conflict, are overshadowed by a one-sided political message.
Timely subject matter and a compelling story ultimately win over uneven performances.
Like most movies about the Middle East conflict, Omar is ultimately about the futility of violence and how it feeds on itself.
Bakri has a simmering energy and stark humanity..This thriller is about more than the sum of its parts.
Knotty and tense for most of its running time, Omar becomes muddled in its closing minutes, conflating personal and political treachery.
"Omar" eventually becomes a sun-scorched neo-noir - and the fade-out is an unforgettable jolter.
A harrowing, humane Arabic-language import about life under occupation that's part Romeo-and-Juliet love story and part twisty chess-pawn thriller.
By focusing on an everyman, Abu-Assad immediately makes Omar's claustrophobic lifetyle immediately relatable - which tinges his ultimate hardships with palpable dread.
Abu-Assad captures the everyday reality of life in the West Bank and the psychological cost of living constantly in a state of powerless anxiety and desperation.
Writer-director Hany Abu-Assad is more interested in the ideas within his slow-burn thriller than in plot machinations.
Has all the electricity of a Jason Bourne movie but the truth of the Palestinian people suffering under a brutal occupation. Not to be missed.
A taut Palestinian thriller with romantic overtones that finds itself as a finalist for the Best Foreign Film Academy Award
Abu-Assad's film, about informants and duplicity in the Palestinian territory, is a must-see for those who value the cinema of commitment.
Bakri has charisma to burn, but the complexity of Abu-Assad's previous movies is traded in for weak genre thrills.
The strongest element here is the surprise-filled plot, and a standout performance from Palestinian-American actor Waleed Zuaiter.
All the actors have an easy confidence that's vital for their frequent closeups, underscoring their humanity rather than their function as illustrations of a well-known conflict.
With a cast consisting almost entirely of young, new, inexperienced talents, Abu Assad delivers an effective, credible, drama.
A stirring drama set in Palestine where an intense young man experiences the torment of distrust in his private and public life.
Paradise Now and The Battle of Algiers explored why people under occupation resort to terrorism; Omar turns its attention to the broader, more long-term consequences of living in oppressed conditions.
[Its] thriller machinations are merely a vehicle to deliver narrow-minded political preaching.
Despite a conventional narrative arc and lulls in the rhythm, the film is a powerfully directed look at hopes and relationships ravaged by the world's most intractable conflict.
A strong storyline about the West Bank and its endless cycle of violence leaves interpretation up to the viewer.

@highlight

Twisty and riveting, Omar is a well-directed crime drama with uncommon depth.