It's undeniably one of the higher-quality faith-based films to hit theaters in recent years, with acting, writing, and production values to rival other mainstream releases.
Despite some far-from-divine supporting performances and an almost laughably obvious link to the Turin Shroud, the film is clearly made with love but, predictably, springs little in the way of surprises.
Sensitively filmed with some flashes of violence and gore to keep things interesting, Risen is a great resurrection movie for curious non-believers and Christians alike.
Fortunately for the story, Clavius's internal struggle and the investigation itself are intense enough to compensate for the dearth of cultural thoughtfulness.
Risen is a moving contribution to the canon of biblical movies
Risen is certainly a step up for this genre, and it's more open-minded than you would expect. But this is still a movie made for a captured Christian audience, and it will be those viewers who will like it best.
It's a novel take on a Biblical classic, but CSI: Judea only lasts for about 30 minutes before Clavius discovers "Yeshua" (Cliff Curtis) alive and grinning.
There's nothing terribly wrong with Risen, and I'd happily watch it on television some lazy Sunday afternoon, but there's just not enough here to keep it from being, ultimately, a pretty forgettable movie.
With so many horrible faith-based features littering the multiplex ranging from the ho-hum (Heaven Is for Real), to the inept (God's Not Dead) to the perfectly dreadful (War Room), it's nice to have one that treats its audience with respect.
Risen isn't a film that will convert nonbelievers, but it's more ambitious than the standard faith-based genre fare.
Risen is a reasonably decent movie, ideal for a young teenage audience. However, most adults will see it as little more than a reasonably clever whodunnit spin on the Resurrection.
While Kevin Reynolds does try to do something a little different with Risen than we're used to seeing, it ultimately can't overcome its shoddy pacing and uneventful storyline, turning this into a rather forgettable biblical outing.
Risen is only a few hallelujahs short from being another wasted morning at Sunday School.
What a faith-based movie should be: Compelling, intelligent and thoughtful.
Most of the film is likely too slow and heavy-handed for contemporary audiences, regardless of spiritual affiliation.
This American film, clearly aimed at the international Bible belt, starts off as as swords and sandals detective story, with Jesus the missing person, before defaulting to a hollow gospel drama.
Retelling the story of the Resurrection as if it were CSI: Jerusalem is an ingenious notion, yet this faith-based Biblical epic blows it.
What are the kind of crazy thoughts going through his mind? Other than some mild disbelief, Fiennes' Clavius is so muted you do not find out.
Smart to take on a religious subject without being patronizing, almost like a police drama with great production values. [Full review in Spanish]
Great production values help this new take on a well known story. [Full review in Spanish]
The subtle implementation of humour to this accidentally kitsch production ensures there is some entertainment to be had.
A film you can enjoy even if you're not a religious person, just don't expect a miracle. [Full review in Spanish]
A film that even non believers can enjoy because of the interesting take on this tale and great production values. [Full review in Spanish]
A beefed-up Fiennes gives a sturdy, thoughtful performance, if a touch understated, and it's handsomely mounted by director Kevin Reynolds, best known for action pictures like Robin Hood: Prince Of Thieves and Waterworld.
Although crass and clunky, Risen has sincerity on its side and Fiennes' anguished performance lends it some welcome gravitas.
It's solidly middling fare, soft of heart and script, and given to moments of foolishly miraculous folly.
A film that takes a religious conversion stand instead of the proposed detective type story seen in the trailers. [Full review in Spanish]
Risen is a sort of Sunday school special, an Easter adventure starring Joseph Fiennes as Clavius, a war-hardened Roman tribune who ends up investigating the disappearance of Jesus after the stone is mysteriously rolled away from the Messiah's tomb.
The problem here is that there is no zest at all to the storytelling.
The problem is the drama. As in the entire lack of it.
Displaying a much lighter touch than so many other Jesus stories, Risen is a gorgeously filmed take on the Bible story from crucifixion to ascension as told from the point of view of a sceptic Roman Tribune.
Initially intriguing detective tale of ancient Rome hops genres into fantasy, with a strange manic-preacher-dream-boy seduction of its pragmatic protagonist.
It is too easy in this day and age to be cynical about a film like this. For me, it tells the story of the Resurrection with integrity, even leavened now and again with wit.
A promising premise that barely works. [Full review in Spanish]
Potentially interesting "CSI: Judea" stuff is speedily ditched in favour of Fiennes's conversion to Christianity and some routine miracles.
Innocuous but patience-testing, and a little out of place on the silver screen.
It has its moments, but it blows the interesting premise - the resurrection of Jesus told as a mystery - too early for an overlong, overly religious finale.
Never mind a three-person God, this Nazarene would have trouble selling a fridge to the uninitiated.
Too inconsistent to make good on its, admittedly, honourable intentions.
What we ultimately have is mostly no better or worse than a 1950s Biblical epic -- an economical one at that -- of the kind George Clooney is supposedly the star of in Hail, Caesar!.
Curtis, who imbues Yeshua with a palpable, eloquent kindness, vaults the perceptual impediments that usually accompany the casting of Jesus.
The filmmakers don't try to explain what actually occurred in the tomb, which serves the investigation style narrative well.
Aiming for mass appeal, 'Risen' falls short of its target.
From director Kevin Reynolds and Sony's Affirm division, which specialises in films designed to appeal to the Christian faithful, comes a pretty good, handsomely produced, non-patronising Christ-based drama set in the days after the crucifixion.
The greatest mystery of all remains: why create a plodding-along movie about an investigator trying to reason away the divine and an investigation whose twists and turns we can read all about in the original, a good book?
As far as this sort of movie goes, you could do a lot worse.
Although the cast comes across as admirably restrained, we inevitably get bogged down in the usual Sunday-school clichés.
What's missing is any sense of mystery, theological or otherwise.
There is a smart, interesting idea at the movie's core-what would a police investigation into Jesus' death look like-but Risen is never able to make the answer worth hearing.
...lacks the ivory tower righteousness and hammy dogma of its faith-based counterparts, and instead offers something more cinematic, engaging and possibly even more interpretive in its own ramblings of theology and belief.
It's nice to finally see the Messiah portrayed by somebody who'd probably get extra attention at a U.S. airport by Homeland Security.
Fiennes commits to the role, striking the perfect balance as a non-believer who still just wants to get to the truth of this whole business with Jesus and His devout followers.
"Risen" is beautifully filmed, and the gorgeous soundtrack is an important complement to this moving story of a non-believer's experience with Yeshua.
You may be a believer in Christ's Resurrection, a non-Christian, an atheist or an agnostic. Wherever you stand, as a moviegoer I'm confident you will find "Risen" to be highly entertaining.
"Risen" is a fascinating cultural artifact, but as a film, it's destined for no glory greater than as an appropriate cable rerun on Easter.
A unique perspective on the resurrection makes this Biblical production truly stand out.
A crisis of belief ensues, as Clavius, accompanied by his aide (Tom Felton, Draco in the "Harry Potter" movies) sets out to solve the mystery surrounding why Jesus' body disappeared from its sealed tomb. It's "Law and Order: Judean Desert 33 A.D."
For a film that could have easily become bogged down in Sunday School reverence, or culture-war opportunism, Risen presents an intriguing, oblique approach to a Bible movie.
Risen is measured enough to appeal to filmgoers of all persuasions -- in other words, no one had the bright idea of casting Rush Limbaugh as one of the disciples or hiring Ben Stein to serve as the voice of God. It's just too bad it's not a bit better.
While hardly a masterpiece, the oblique approach to the Gospel story makes it a more engaging retelling than straight-on sermons to the choir.
a well-made production with solid performances and an interesting perspective
The performances by Joseph Fiennes and Cliff Curtis elevate the entertainment value of this faith based film.
The narrative essentially inserts Clavius in the middle of Acts of the Apostles, and neither his character nor the variation on familiar Biblical episodes capture the same sense of discovery.
Risen recognizes something fundamental about religion to the uninitiated: the believers all sound delusional.
The story of Christ's resurrection is unlikely to take any sudden detours. But the Roman point of view adds real interest.
Whatever your religious affiliation, you will come away thinking that if all this did actually happen, it probably happened something like this.
Despite not doing much more than preach to the choir, Risen is still more nuanced than the lion's share of recent faith-based dramas.
Epic production and unique story of a historical event
As faith-based films go, Risen is one of the better ones.
Risen uses the Bible as a basis for a story about finding faith. As long as you look at the movie from that perspective, then it will accomplish its purpose of creating dialogue about being a believer.
It's pointed about how we treat today's zealots, as when Clavius likens the pain of crucification to "sucking air through a wet cloth" - a description of waterboarding.
It's interesting watching the combo of bits and elements from The Bible, "The X-Files" and "Logan's Run" come together in an unlikely cinematic platter. (Full Content Review for Parents - Sexual Content, Violence, etc. - Also Available)
For all its issues, Risen remains more interesting in some ways than a straightforward dramatization of the Gospel story like Son of God.
It's not often that faith-based films, competing in the same marketplace that rewards action, embrace the deeper, more difficult idea of meeting hate with love, but Risen tries.
Faith-based drama has battle, crucifixion violence.
...isn't the worst movie former Kevin Costner collaborator Kevin Reynolds has ever made. And I guarantee that Hollywood would love for you to see it.
Respectfully spiritual and restrained, it's timed for a faith-based audience during the Lenten season that culminates with Easter Sunday.
Near-total lack of narrative tension...Competent acting and direction handily stave off artistic disaster, but Risen has been constructed not so much to inspire as to renew the already faithful.
Risen never rises, if you will, above the material.
Undeniably well-made and acted. However, it still caters to a very select audience and people outside that audience are unlikely to find RISEN too rewarding a trip to the cinema
What could have been a hammy, square affair quickly settles into an impressive political thriller/crime procedural that manages to respectfully present Jesus without becoming too preachy.
Not perfect by any means, Risen should be a welcome addition for viewers with an affinity for both Christianity and cinema, and has the potential to reach a broad, more mainstream audience.
It's an episode of Without a Trace: Jerusalem presented with all the panache of a Trinity Broadcasting Network TV special.
If Risen had simply told of Christ's resurrection from a fresh perspective it would be worth your while. It does much more.
Yet another case of the book being better than the movie.
Risen's acting is poor, the script is weak (the word "crusade" would not be invented for a thousand years) and the film-making is laughable.
A fairly ambitious picture tailor-made for that slice of the Christian audience accustomed to the tropes and beats of prestige cable dramas.
Sold as an action/thriller, but really about the resurrection of a man's soul.
The film features a lush historical setting and some satisfying action scenes, but the dialogue is often laughable, a mix of the pseudo-archaic with oddly contemporary lingo.
It's not especially challenging. But it is several steps up from some faith-based fare, and it will doubtless appeal to its target audience.
"Risen" was never meant as anything but a tool for the converted. Talk about preaching to the choir.
While it descends too often into the melodramatic, it's a solid, smart picture and a welcome addition to the genre.
The feature is far too sluggish to crack open the spirit. Still, Reynolds is an inspired choice, finding intermittent success with a resurrection mystery.
Reynolds manages to take the story of Jesus' resurrection and turn it into CSI: Jerusalem.
Director Kevin Reynolds, best known for directing such Kevin Costner turkeys as "Robin Hood: Prince of Thieves" and "Waterworld," fails to sustain a promising premise.
Sober and reverent.
Risen simply tends to its flock, ignoring outside views through yet another, by-the-books biblical rehash.
Fiennes sticks with the brooding, stoic performance, even when Clavius is undergoing some major changes. It's not his best work.
The film ends up falling into a loop of abortive climaxes, set against an indistinguishable beige-gray backdrop of limestone, before the inevitable cheap-looking flash of CGI light in a scraggly field.
It's intended primarily for an audience of Christian believers, but genuine drama precedes the preaching.
If you drink every time you're reminded of Monty Python's 1979 Judean jaunt, "Life of Brian," you might just make it through to the end.
Risen is more entertaining than Bible-adjacent stories are usually allowed to be.
Risen is a movie about the resurrection that neither finger wags nor talks down to you, whose main message is "don't be a jerk." That's worthy of praise in my book.
Though there's some clunky dialogue and not much real character development, Reynolds manages to put the action, mystery and drama elements together into a credible, and at times quite touching whole.
Whether or not it triggers a craze for divinely inspired detective stories, "Risen" makes a decent case for itself as the "Columbo" of the genre: It's amiable, creaky and not remotely predicated on the element of surprise.
A low-IQ affair that supposes that the Gospels will sound more convincing if seen through the eyes of a skeptic. Instead, it seeks to improve the New Testament by putting a layer of Naugahyde upholstery on it.
An old-fashioned Biblical spectacular with fresh blood in its veins.
The film's own miracle is that the mid-film shift yields only a minimum of TBN-style kitsch, but it also robs the second half of any forward drive.
[T]he movie's argument could have had a more meaningful, less obvious impact if it had left room for at least some doubt -- without needing to go so far as, say, finding the body.
Let this be a lesson to every other film studio: stop casting white people to play Jesus.
We know how it turns out, but seeing from the point of view of someone who doesn't know and doesn't believe adds more cogency.
When it becomes the story of Clavius' gradual conversion from sceptic to believer, it seems to lose its nerve. It is earnest and surprisingly restrained.
Director Kevin Reynolds doesn't seem to realise he has one of western religion's ripping-est yarns on his hands. Instead, he gives us yet another movie Jesus that is nothing more than long hair and knowing stares.
Joseph Fiennes leads a strong cast in a surprisingly thoughtful retelling of the Passion of the Christ.
Once the question [of belief] is answered, all that's left is pious illustration, plus maybe a silly chase through the desert.
Viewers already well-versed in the greatest story ever told might find their interest piqued by the filmmakers' unconventional take. It's unlikely, however, that "Risen" will preach to anyone outside the choir.
What a good surprise it was to watch a biblical feature less preachy, less stuffy and more entertaining than most. "Risen" is an original crime-fiction take on a story as old as stories get.
The story of The Resurrection told from the perspective of a Roman officer and combines "Gladiator" and "CSI" to satisfy the most devote Christians. Why they cast Jesus' Disciples with English accents is anybody's guess.
Acted with care and compassion, directed with a light, entertaining touch
Reynolds' gets many things right: the blasted look of the desert, the dusty provincial look of a far-flung Roman outpost. And the story he tells is both serious and modest.
Fiennes is superb, portraying a man slowly transformed by events that shake his beliefs about the world and his place in it to their core.
A visually-captivating Biblical drama harking back to such faith-based classics as Ben Hur (1959) and The Greatest Story Ever Told (1965).
Faithful to the scriptures (as it were) Risen is a sort of redemption story inasmuch as Roman Tribune Clavius (Joseph Fiennes) finally comes to believe in the resurrection - and in the personage of Yeshua (Clifton Curtis) as the Messiah
For those already imbued with the spirit, Risen will have you praising the heavens.

@highlight

Risen benefits from a lighter tone than many faith-based productions, as well as a unique take on the Greatest Story Ever Told and a terrific turn from star Joseph Fiennes.