Unfortunately [director Tom] Six gets too involved in his own self-fandom, revisiting the parts of his original movie that didn't need revisiting.
Most children give up their poop obsession by age four. Tom Six still hasn't.
Martin may lack his rôle model's surgical skills, professional tools, scientific interests or concern with clinical hygiene - but in all his sick, sweaty grotesquery, Martin is us.
The gratuitous and exploitative nature of the violence, coupled with very little story development and plot, makes for a film without any real purpose other to shock and appall.
Rather than trying to entertain us, director Tom Six goes all out in an attempt to make us sick, to offend our very sensibilities. He has succeeded. And screw him for that.
Mocks torture porn while being the worst form of it all at the same time, The Human Centipede II personifies what not to do with a sequel.
It's not just graphic; it's contemptuous.
It tries to be more disgusting, more outrageous than this idea of a 12-person human centipede. The result is, by design, absolutely no good.
Uses its status as a meta film to comment on the contentious argument that violence in cinema can somehow can be blamed for violence in real life.
Excruciating and horrendous...
Full Sequence could be considered an interesting counterpart to Gus van Sant's Elephant... But what it lacks in the subtlety of van Sant's film, it makes up with scenes of genital mutilation.
The enormous shift in stylistic focus between [Six's] first and second film and the technical skill he displays (notably in his superb sound design) suggests he has much to offer beyond the self-imposed limitations of his bum-to-gum oddities.
monochrome mise en scène and surrealist flourishes more reminiscent of Eraserhead and Bad Boy Bubby than of anything in conventional horror.
I'll grant benefit of the doubt. Right before I huddle in the fetal position and ease my fractured soul with a few hours of Fraggle Rock.
It shifts effortlessly between a twisted study in obsessive psychosis and barbed sardonic satire.
It's the sort of thing that gets postmodernism a bad name.
There are echoes of David Lynch's Eraserhead during the more scary, nightmarish moments but Six soon resorts to shock tactics.
This wearisome sequel to the yucky cult shocker, by Dutch horror maestro Tom Six, brings the Human Centipede franchise straight to what can only be called its "Godfather 4" stage.
It would be unfair to say the film is completely without merit, but what little there is is drowned out by its blaring vileness.
Six is playing it smart...Instead of trying to rewrite history or reverse the condemnation, he's purposefully playing into the hands of the hysterics.
...a major disappointment that admittedly ups the gore quotient but fails in virtually every other respect.
If you can tune into its warped, droll humour and excessive brutality, this is one hell of an experience you are sure not to forget.
A heady blend of the stupid and the sophisticated, the sordid and the surreal. (Uneasily) funny, too.
Perhaps the most vile, repellent, repulsive, depraved, degraded, debased and plain ugly movie I have ever seen.
In stark contrast to the original's cool, clinical horror, Martin's cack-handed creation of the arse-to-mouth creature is played for cheap, sick slapstick laughs.
Despite its self-awareness, and the central performance, this is still a grubby hack job about a grubby whack-job whacking off grubbily.
The shocks will be familiar to anyone who enjoyed the first film.
Tom Six takes that newfound clout way too far delivering a sequel that shows zero restraint, is oozing with egoism and is utterly unwatchable.
It's clear what director Tom Six considers the movie: an endurance test, to be tolerated by the loyal and condemned by the ignorant and the feeble.
... a fiendishly clever self-homage that tackles the 'HC' phenomenon head-on ... Embracing his critics, Six posits the question: What might the world's most insatiable 'HC' fan be like? Scary.
All Six is going for, with the generous application of both hardware supplies to the skin and feces to the camera, is a tired commentary on his shallow talents: They're excremental.
Make no mistake, this little cinematic burst of savagery and bathroom pornography is as balls-out as its predecessor was comparatively restrained.
A mundanely grotesque slog through B-movie perversion.
This is tension-free torture porn, whose perpetrator's actions aren't just banal and consequence-free, they're endlessly justified by an abusive back-story.
...this filmmaker has nothing on his mind but his disgusting concept, ironically one on which he'll probably eat out on for years to come.
where Human Centipede 2 surprisingly works is as a comedy, like a barf bag version of The Room
Imagine the most vile, disturbing, disgusting, atrocious, violent, appalling, sick, twisted, sadistic, horrifying, lifeless, vomit-inducing thing you can think of.
The film is reprehensible, dismaying, ugly, artless and an affront to any notion, however remote, of human decency.
Human Centipede 1 allowed for some lowball entertainment. Human Centipede 2 offers only sadism. Here's the best I can say about Tom Six: The man has managed to outdo himself, for better or for worse.
I'm striving to maintain a neutral tone here because I think that's the best way to deflate this silly, clever, disgusting and ultimately meaningless project to a reasonable scale.
Cheap, repetitive, and dull. It's like being forced to watch the same Three Stooges gag over and over until someone finally farts in your face and lets you go home.
Depraved and disgusting but intellectually active, The Human Centipede 2 never fully coheres as a movie but works incredibly as a screed of cultural critique.
The Human Centipede II is ultimately too calculated and contrived a film to offer any real scares, but Harvey's performance is genuinely terrifying.
Dismal, nauseating and yet bizarrely artful...
'The Human Centipede II (Full Sequence)'' is sick, disgusting and vile. It's also demonically funny, stylish and ingenious.
Other than the oddity that is the main character and the inspired META aspect of the sequel, it really doesn't add anything to the premise that absolutely must be seen.
The fact that he designed a pair of films with careful thought as to how the violence and visual storytelling of each would work reveals a dedication to the genre that is too rare today.
Six has in essence backed himself into a rhetorical corner, leaving as perhaps the only option for his next stunt something in which the filmmaker Tom Six winds up with his mouth surgically attached to his own anus.
The film is in black-and-white so the gore doesn't spray quite as colorfully. But you'll still puke up a storm.
It is profoundly unpleasant and, unfortunately, part of a trilogy.
I have no intention on seeing a potential "Human Centipede 3" but if Tom Six inexplicably gets hired to do "Sex and the City 3," I might have to check it out.
A lurid, splattery wallow in grime, blood and excrement.
With this second film, the outline of an extended, deadpan provocation begins to take shape.
Six is now deliberately insulting and alienating his own fans.
Six outdoes himself in the disgusting bodily fluids department, but you can't shake the feeling that he's trying way, way too hard.
The first Human Centipede had audacity on its side. Human Centipede II has only excess.
The film's target audience appears to be those who sit through on-screen mutilation and wonder why they don't make a home version.
You're kidding, right?
The Human Centipede 2 (Full Sequence) could be the sickest B movie ever made. But that's why you may feel gripped by the horror of what you're seeing and the terror of what's coming.
This is surely hell, as a godless Dante or Bosch might paint it.
Whatever the filmmaker was trying to accomplish, and regardless of how well he did it, was it even worth doing? Here the answer is easier: no.
Six manages to find the one element that could have made his idea even more noxious, a strong whiff of pretension...
Once Six's conceptual project becomes clear, his escalating audience-mocking torture is increasingly pointless.
It's hard to tell whether [Six] made "The Human Centipede 2" to titillate his audience or to mock it. And after a while, it is hard to care.
What's so unbelievably disappointing about The Human Centipede II (Full Sequence) is not that it's unbelievably disgusting but that it's so unbelievably dumb.
The movie is a reductio ad absurdum, a sick joke taken to extremes, beginning with a goof on the notion that horror movies inspire copycats and ending with a test to determine whether some people will watch anything.
While we all have our variable thresholds for niche entertainments, there's usually a support group in a church basement somewhere willing to offer at least a sense of community.
Whatever gothic originality the first Human Centipede possessed is altogether lacking in this sorry follow-up.
More boring than stomach-churning, the film nevertheless contains scattered scenes and sequences so far beyond the tolerance of the squeamish that it can't be overstated.
if you willfully choose to patronize this sort of movie, much less this one in particular, you deserve what you get. At least, that's what Tom Six seems to think.
By the time my seatmate was filling up her second Human Centipede II barf bag, we had to call an ambulance to the theater. Thank goodness for practical swag?
Six's flick is an over-the-top and in-your-face splatterfest that spends an hour and half making one bold statement: Centipede 2 isn't real life; it's just a movie.
[VIDEO] "The Human Centipede 2 (Full Sequence)" is a cinematic provocation in line with banned films such as "The Texas Chainsaw Massacre" and "Nekromantik."
It's everything that there was to loathe before and then some.
Like the original, the most shocking aspect comes from the revelation that Six can actually tell a story.





@highlight

The Human Centipede II (Full Sequence) attempts to weave in social commentary but as the movie wears on, it loses its ability to repulse and shock and ends up obnoxious and annoying.