Although Passengers is the direct opposite of Gravity, Interstellar or The Martian, it garners interest when it delves into the primary need for human interaction... [Full review in Spanish]
... what we have here is a Franken-stitching of three genres among this sci-fi genre...
Passengers is not a good trip. Director Morten Tyldum's film is a mish-mash of genres and premised on a creepy plot point.
Like a Titanic in space, Passengers is a rare combination of genres. [Full review in Spanish]
If you go see a movie with your family or significant other on Christmas Day, only suggest Passengers if you hate them
It's a great-looking film with an original idea. Watch it for its stars but it won't have an astronomical impact on you.
The film does have a certain visual appeal, but the story is thin and riddled with plot holes. Still, at least Michael Sheen is fun as a cocktail-shaking android.
Passengers is an incredibly creepy movie in which a woman succumbs to Stockholm Syndrome and falls for her stalker and stays with him even though the stupid ending wants to be ambiguous but it's not, this movie never met the concept of subtlety.
If not for Pratt and Lawrence, this sci-fi flick would have been lost in space.
[Morten] Tyldum wisely sticks to the human story at the center of this epic-looking tale of the vast, unchartered terrain of the human heart.
The actors just couldn't make it work in Morten Tyldum's disastrous Passengers.
Passengers veers from comedy to tragedy, from romance to action movie, before ending on a note that feels too rushed and too chipper, even by Hollywood standards.
Passengers takes what could have been an interesting debate about consent and glosses it over with cheesy romance and problematic sex.
Passengers is not technically a horror film, but that's the mode in which it would work best. Instead, it's a predictable space-saving drama, one whose big twist is both not so big at all and its ultimate undoing.
An entertaining but somewhat corny sci-fi fantasy romance film with aspirations to be a deep thinking film.
Jennifer Lawrence and Christ Pratt are both extremely likable actors, and the situation they're in is actually a pretty interesting one. One that would have been just as interesting without the icky stalker scenario.
Passengers still manages to woo us with the kind of intense love and obsession you don't see often, especially in the world of sci-fi. And some of us tend to be suckers for stuff that has a whiff of "true love."
Passengers is such a mixed bag. Lots of people are not going to be able to get past the controversial premise; others, like myself, may be impressed that its grand stage holds such lofty goals, only to be let down as things veer off into the expected.
A movie that offers big questions but oftentimes settles for the easiest answers.
The most lighthearted movie about existential despair you'll likely ever see.
Passengers entertained me, it made me laugh, and even had me tense at times. It's one of those films that, if they ask me in the street, I say "yeah, it's ok". [Full review in Spanish]
Not only is it a terrible film, but it is built upon the most disturbing premise I've encountered in the cinema in a long time.
The screenplay from Jon Spaihts will leave you questioning the actions of both characters as the credits start to roll.
A film that starts well, but that, despite its amazing performances and visual effects that work, ends in a completely predictable and stereotyped way . [Full review in Spanish]
It's the feature-length adaptation of that article about how to talk to a girl wearing headphones.
A brave film that exposes all its elements openly and reflects, in different ways, a sense of great cinema that at times seems to have been lost. [Full review in Spanish]
The film's greatest sin is its intrinsic dullness.
Passengers so proudly boasts star power and visual panache that it takes a while to notice the limp romantic subplot that serves as featured in-flight entertainment.
An interesting narrative -- strained by Titanic problems... because even in the future nothing works.
the film's various ethical and moral issues fall to secondary status in the climatic act, which sacrifices drama for action and, worse, uses the latter to excuse massive, potentially unbelievable character shifts in the former
Passengers does its best to coast through the cinematic realm fuelled by star power and shiny surfaces, boasting enough of both to keep your eyes engaged, but not your heart or mind.
A film that lacks the human and philosophical depth of Gravity or Arrival. [Full review in Spanish]
The questionable decision to turn what is essentially a kidnapping into a romance without debating the consequences doesn't allow us to fully sink our teeth into the tale.
A beautiful, exciting and impossible love story and a few well-executed winks to sci-fi classics. [Full review in Spanish]
The production design here is spectacular and utopian - a delirious idea of a future that's perfectable, a world without blemish.
Ultimately Passengers can't stay the course of its own cascading errors.
The film does serve as a timely metaphor for much of Hollywood product these days: beautiful, exacting visual work helping dress up a threadbare story.
The film could've been written by one of those dudes who are always complaining about "how women only like bad guys and never look at the nice ones". [Full review in Portuguese.]
The problem with Passengers is not the selfishness but the laziness with which it has been wrapped in the garb of 'love'.
This obviously messed-about science-fiction-drama-cum-romance is both disappointing and surprisingly unsavoury.
The film does a good job of portraying a desperately lonely man's dilemma and the romance that follows. Although it suffers from the restriction of a tiny cast of characters, there is good romantic chemistry between Pratt and Lawrence.
Passengers is yet another example of a film that falsely beckons a certain premise in its promotions, yet eventually delivers something far less interesting.
A film confusing and derivative at times but there's something magnetic in the ambition of a story that goes through everything and is encouraged to flirt with ridicule without falling into it. [Full review in Spanish]
A movie that has visual and sound power and manages to entertain during the great part of its footage. However, it causes a certain sense of disappointment at not being able to exploit the enormous potential of the story. [Full review in Spanish]
When it comes to exploring the big picture, space provides filmmakers with pretty much a blank canvas.
Its ending is laughable, borrowing at least two different plot holes from Star Trek: Into Darkness. (Splice Today)
It's hard to know what's worse here; the jaw-dropping misogyny on show or the lazy, ridiculously convenient world building that is there purely to service the plot.
A dumb, poorly written piece of CGI spectacle, the eye candy on display sullied by the sexism that riddles its minimal plot.
'Passengers' starts as a promising sci-fi story and closes as a heartbreaking and routinely romantic comedy. [Full review in Spanish]
There's something pretty hollow, even spacey, at the reaction-core of this star-vehicle.
Pratt, Lawrence and the superficial aspects of the story, along with the gorgeous aesthetic, are compelling enough to make Passengers at the very least interesting, and not a waste of your time.
There is fun to be found, but when is all said and done, the eyes may be sated, but the brain's still craving.
There are benefits to be reaped if you can find a way to forgive Passengers its obvious flaws.
An all-round flimsy scripts undermines what was at one point this year one of the most anticipated sci-fi films of 2016.
On top of its moral quagmire of a premise, Passengers is dire in almost every other regard.
It's awfully pretty...and awfully dumb.
Passengers a bland journey.
It was going so well. In the first hour of this ultra-slick sci-fi, director Morten Tyldum presents a dark and difficult premise that gnaws away at the superficial beauty before us.
Passengers is entertaining enough, lovely to look at and there are some ingenious touches.
After a promising takeoff, this science-fiction romance derails its intriguing futuristic premise about intergalactic travel with an abundance of cheesy melodrama in its second half.
It's taken long into the year for one of the worst of the year to rear its head, but this one snuck in just in time.
Unfortunately, after presenting interesting questions, the script decides not to explore further, and to walk the easiest and most retouched route: a third act of Hollywood action. The trip is entertaining, but the final result is not very satisfactory.
A long, increasingly preposterous slog whose most tantalizing element is the question of why Jennifer Lawrence looks so very much like a young Renee Zellweger in some shots.
If the film doesn't completely rot is thanks to its production design, the chemistry between the protagonists and the participation of Michael Sheen. [Full review in Spanish]
'Passengers' fails at meeting the expectations of the premise. [Full review in Spanish]
A movie with a stupid ending, controversial and well intentioned but badly formulated, wasting the potential of its actors in a film that deserves to be named in the worst of the year. [Full review in Spanish]
Since it doesn't even get to take advantage of what its two protagonists have to give, ends up being a constant disappointment. [Full review in Spanish]
Any actor in the world can look stupid if he or she follows a stupid script.
A waste of a rich premise, excellent special effects, and a charismatic cast.
Passengers' solid third act, which is impressively tense (and doesn't even feature a bad guy!), cements its place as a somewhat erratic yet entirely entertaining sci-fi tale...
It becomes clear before long that the futuristic sci-fi outing Passengers, aka Grab 'Em By the P****: The Movie, could only have been written by a man.
After a few quick nods to the profoundly unethical act at its core, the movie shrugs it off and uses it as the basis for a fairy-tale romance. This is not okay.
Imperfect though it may be, the movie explores a 'What would you do?' moral issue with enough inquisitiveness and entertainment value to make for a reasonably engaging two hours.
Passengers could have been a wonderful satire of online dating...but [Jon] Spaihts' screenplay doesn't dare go there.
Ironically, Passengers is at its most evocative when capturing a state of utter tedium.
Despite the charisma of its protagonists, Passengers suffers from a lack of story that engages the public. [Full review in Spanish]
An inane space opera that eschews logic, not to mention a moral center.
An exercise in frustration and offense, wasting the considerable charm of [its] charismatic stars and failing to meaningfully investigate the sticky questions it raises.
With a distinct lack of chemistry and a director without the know-how to find a deeper meaning in story, the shoddy foundation of the premise quickly collapses.
Seriously, the final act is an unconscionable mess.
This isn't 2001: A Space Odyssey, or even The Martian, but it's an entertaining movie offering some chewy food for thought.
Passengers is handsome and slick. But not even impassioned mugging from Pratt can obscure the void where its heart should be.
A movie with a head, a heart and two of the most beautiful faces in movies.
Passengers is terrible, failing to commit itself to anything other than convincing its viewers that a woman should settle for any man who is even vaguely nice to them.
Despite its hint of serious edge, this is ultimately little more than escapist fluff. At least it's solidly well made to help us escape the troubles of Earth for a couple of hours.
Book a ticket on this flight. The chemistry between the impossible not to like Jennifer Lawrence and Chris Pratt is good but it's the special effects that make this worth the ride.
Unfortunately, this romantic sci-fi adventure featuring two of the biggest stars working in Hollywood today ends in disaster thanks to a creepy plot point.
Fixing the malfunctioning Avalon requires addressing the fundamental damage, but the film seems to argue that the same does not hold true for the human heart.
Passengers is stranded in a world full of cooked up plot points and, at key times, a lack of gravity.
Idiotic, dull and intensely laborious.
Once or twice Passengers seems like Antonioni in space -- no higher compliment.
An okay ride for a while, but ultimately one you wouldn't want to have as your only movie to own if facing decades of travel on board a deep space journey. (Full Content Review for Parents - Profanity, Nudity, Sexual Material, etc. - also Available)
It feels as though it settled for mediocrity rather than reaching for something a bit special.
Lawrence is, once more, simply great in this, just so vivid and fascinating to watch, her idiosyncratic face our total focus, her athleticism outdoing Pratt's: she is completely the life of the film.
All Passengers really does is service the fantasy of what it might be like to be stuck in space with Jennifer Lawrence or Chris Pratt. The answer is that you really wouldn't want 90 years of it, not when an hour and 56 minutes seems too long.
A surprisingly entertaining slice of unapologetic hokum.
Pretty much perfect.
The pretension with which the director wants to explain to us that human life can flourish on another planet thanks to the love that is born between the two protagonists is frankly quite naive. [Full review in Spanish]
Think "Event Horizon," only less romantic.
[It's] a kinda corny, kinda cool, big-budgeted Hollywood to-do with the nerviness to ask a million-dollar question but baffled by how best to answer it. Still, not a bad conversation starter.
'Passengers' offers a tie between boring and absurd and a concept that must have been initiated on the heels of the huge success of 2013's "Gravity." Talk about giving new meaning to being lost in space.
Even if the story never really lives up to its premise, it's a smooth ride. Just make sure you stay awake until you reach the end.
Not even Jennifer Lawrence can save Passengers, a sinking (space) ship of a movie in which a collection of second-hand ideas combined with dodgy sexual politics have produced a sci-fi film of crushing tedium.
It's a beautiful film to look at; but it doesn't quite make the heart soar.
Jennifer Lawrence and Chris Pratt in a science-fiction love story -- what could go wrong with that? Turns out, quite a lot.
Passengers is one of the most disappointing misses of 2016.
Chris Pratt and Jennifer Lawrence provide an engaging central presence in Passengers but even their chemistry isn't enough to prevent this romantic sci-fi drama from underwhelming.
Passengers, a fairy tale set aboard a luxury spaceliner, has billion-dollar ideas and five-cent guts.
Passengers forces a thriller script to be a romantic high-note, like if Nicholas Sparks butchered an already-written script by Stephen King.
At some point...it becomes clear that the filmmakers know they've got two of the most attractive, likable superstars in Hollywood in a no-win scenario where losing isn't an option.
At two hours, Passengers needed to shave the flight time by 30 minutes in its examination of our big questions.
It turns out all the charisma in the world can't save your film if it's confused about what it's supposed to be.
Save for the on-screen coupling of Lawrence and Pratt, Passengers is a quick trip just as quickly forgotten.
If the filmmakers had delved into the direness of their situation and mined it for more than just a grand-scale lovers' spat in outer space, the movie might have been more than a sleek, well-designed curiosity.
To say that Passengers is a disappointment does not quite capture the lazy surface-gloss inanity that defines so much of it.
A picture that bizarrely tries to transform absolute horror and cold-blooded murder into the date night event of 2016.
There is no gravity to this interstellar love story, but these two stars have never been more likable.
If we weren't so appalled, we'd be bored to tears.
Passengers offers up some very cool ideas, impressive special effects and important ethical questions. But it just can't overcome the creepy awfulness of that one, easily fixable distraction.
With likeable/bankable Chris Pratt and Jennifer Lawrence, it's a terrific sci-fi premise that, sadly, squanders its compelling castaway concept.
Derivative but perfectly watchable and rather luxurious ...
Disappointing at best, problematic at worst.
The outer space setting is mere decoration for an insanely expensive variation on ancient rom-com templates.
It's Titanic in space. Unfortunately, the film is more like the real Titanic. It gets fatally scuppered due to a catastrophic plot decision from which it never recovers.
...a solid and worthy science fiction effort that treats its characters-and its audience-as adults.
Passengers is an odd movie but its central questions and dilemmas are compelling and there's enough here of substance for the impressions to linger. Problems aside, it's a journey worth taking.
Perhaps as a well-written play for a cast of three, "Passengers" might have been first class. Instead, it's just another mediocre thrill ride.
Despite decent chemistry between the leads and a fascinating concept, Passengers is a bland, unsatisfying sci-fi story that fails to connect.
The most frustrating thing about Passengers is that it actually could have been better.
"Passengers" is beautiful to look at, a pretty story about pretty people in a pretty (outer space) setting, but it cannot overcome the ick factor of its premise.
Pratt and Lawrence provide the onscreen chemical heat; the production design is (no pun intended) out of this world; and the story, while it sags in places, eventually carries the day.
Many of the plot developments undermine the moral complexity of the premise, but it asks interesting questions even if it doesn't always have the right answer.
Star Chris Pratt says it best, 'It's adventure, it's romance, it's a thriller, it's scary, but it's emotionally resonant.' Amen. Once you accept the premise, with good acting and special effects, this is a terrific way to spend two hours.
For what it is -- a romance-tinged adventure story -- it is handled competently, and Lawrence and Pratt are extremely watchable as the interstellar Adam and Eve.
Not so much a meet-cute as a meet-euch, Passengers squanders an intriguing premise and likable leads on a third act that loses direction and floats off into the expanse of nothingness.
Chemistry between the two stars keeps this anemic sci-fi romance from being entirely sucked into the black hole of forgettable films.
Who knows why Mr. Pratt and Ms. Lawrence signed up for this production; still, they're both pros and they do what they can with the wretched material.
Ostensibly we're supposed to like Pratt and Lawrence together, yet Pratt's character does something so unforgivable to Lawrence's at the outset that their ensuing interactions simmer with a mix of horror and disbelief.
The spectacle feels lifeless and what could have been a challenging moral provocation dissolves into sappy, feel-good pandering. Lawrence and Pratt deserve better. So do audiences.
It is a gorgeous movie to watch, but an experience that ultimately feels unsatisfying.
There are some cool science-fiction visuals -- the best is when Aurora is trapped in bubbles of water as the gravity malfunctions while she's in a swimming pool -- but nothing that quickens the pulse.
It's 30 minutes of a science fiction movie, followed by 45 minutes of romantic comedy, followed by 30 minutes of action movie, and each is a step down from the previous.
This one is a flawed beast, but it gets enough things right to offer a worthwhile escape.
At best, Passengers is glib and cutesy in the face of otherwise serious themes. At worst, it's an argument that men can do whatever they want with the knowledge that things will always work out for them.
Passengers isn't one movie so much as three distinct movies stuck together with narrative duct tape that doesn't quite cover the seams. One of those films is pretty good; one is uneven but sometimes charming; and one is downright bad.
No movie starring Lawrence is ever likely to be flat-out dumb -- for all that her looks have played a part in her career ascendancy, her defining quality is toughness, even coarseness. Passengers, though, comes dangerously close.
This movie runs just under two hours and its resolution, which comes with surprising abruptness, leaves us wanting. Star power and cool sets cannot support a movie without a good third act.
Spectacular visuals. But derivative and hollow storytelling. Just watch Gravity again, instead.
It's certainly not dull, and snatches of "Passengers" are quite entertaining. But, as you're taking it all in, it's hard not to think about all of the other movies you'd rather see these stars acting in.
Inside this failed picture there's a sicker, darker, more truthful one crying to get out.
Lawrence and Pratt are both big movie stars and they look good, fulfilling the minimum requirements of holiday movie fare. But "Passengers" is a missed shot at something more worthy of their talents.
This cerebral, relevant sci-fi premise about mortality and the need for human connection tries to resolve itself with a series of banal macguffins. Such a missed opportunity.
Exit the theater with about 10 minutes left to go and you'll have a much more enjoyable time than if you stayed until the very end.
The narrative choices defeat an intriguing premise, impressively sleek production design and appealing cast, leading to one of the year's bigger disappointments.
...essentially a pile of contrivances supporting science fiction concepts we've seen before and a moral question it neatly sidesteps.
Monogamy, Passengers seems to suggest, is tantamount to existing in a world where nothing else matters outside of the bond you and your partner share.
There may be no atmosphere in space but the chemistry sparks.
Problem is the lack of stakes and a troubling moral core in the motivations of their characters that hangs like a dark cloud throughout what, with the right amount of tinkering during the films development, could have resulted in a much better movie.
"Passengers" hinges on a morally dubious act that the filmmakers gloss over in a series of creepy justifications and a sudden third-act reversal.
The last what-the-$%-were-they-thinking debacle to be released in a year that's been lousy with them.
"Passengers" perhaps isn't all it could be—one gets the sense there is a bolder, more courageous version somewhere in the ethers—but it is enough to satisfy as a slick, starry, occasionally thoughtful big-budget entertainment.
Passengers hides an insidious message amidst the Hollywood gloss, and the film suffers from mixed messages and too many plotholes.
The film rises and falls on Lawrence and Pratt, two people we wouldn't mind spending 90 years trapped on a starship with.
A curiously tepid excursion into space, with little humanity and none of the sense of wonder it obviously aspires to.
Passengers starts to more resemble a ridiculous fake movie inside of a Hollywood satire than a thought-though science fiction thriller.
Despite the confinement and the limited cast, "Passengers" has moments of intense drama that take the actors to places of extreme feeling.
The major creative players either didn't realize that they were essentially making a feature-length ad for Stockholm syndrome, or that they didn't really care.
The film eventually runs out of rocket fuel, piling on the special effects but arriving at a disappointing conclusion.
A compromised, sanitized mess that misses its mark in multiple genres.
Passengers is far from perfect ... [but] it's ultimately held together by some imaginative worldbuilding and the chemistry of its two leads.
"Passengers" increasingly succumbs to timidity and begins shrinking into a bland science-fiction adventure whose feats of daring and skill feel stale and secondhand.
As serious science fiction, Passengers falls seriously short.
This is a well-designed, initially intriguing, visually interesting sci-fi romance torpedoed by a premise -- and a payoff -- so creepy and misogynistic, it's amazing nobody... raised concerns about [it].
Interesting drama about love, mortality, iffy decisions.
[Screenwriter Jon] Spaihts and director Morten Tyldum turn Jim's essentially murderous act ... into fodder for a discomforting romance.
A perfectly enjoyable romantic adventure, featuring two of the world's most charismatic stars.
There are so many points along the way when the stranded-in-space drama "Passengers," which is not a good movie, could have made different choices and become one.
For audiences expecting a two-hour charm offensive, Passengers is not the movie you think you're going to see. It's something considerably darker and dumber.
The film is afraid to address the troubling issues it raises. This is understandable -- agonizing moral issues are a downer. But why bring them up if you're just going to blow them off?
A vacillating pile of contrivances meant to keep the lovers apart until the F/X-heavy finale.
As expected, Lawrence and Pratt are fantastic together -- funny and believable and warm. It's easy to root for them despite the problematic nature of their meeting.
What's worse than the actual movie itself, though, is how indicative it is of modern group-think studio production.
Passengers delivers plenty of fairground ride-like spectacle. This, though, doesn't begin to atone for its evasive and equivocal storyline or for the mood of phoney optimism that always prevails, even at the very grimmest moments.
Sadly what transpires is stratospherically misjudged.
It's a clever enough conceit, doomed by a bungled meet cute.
You know there are big problems when even Pratt and Lawrence can't do enough to save the day. They are set afloat in a story that lacks even the smallest bit of gravity.
If only the team behind Passengers had scienced the [bleep] out of the third act.
There's so much potential. What a shame it's never realized.
Pratt and Lawrence are great company. They could make 90 years go by in the blink of an eye.
Passengers goes from having a clever premise to an unethical one that romanticizes stalking in a Stockholm Syndrome love story, and somehow the ending is even worse than everything that comes before it.
There are worse people than Jennifer Lawrence and Chris Pratt to be stranded with in outer space, and better ways to spend time with them than the third act of Passengers.
There's a genuinely creepy, unnerving nugget of a tale here, but it mostly gets lost in the sweet, sci-fi mush--and rush--of its intergalactic romance.
Passengers starts off with an interesting premise. Instead of capitalizing on its strong start, it peters away into science-fiction and romance convention.
What begins as an intriguing premise based on high-stakes "what if"s shrinks in imagination as the pair begins to face crises akin to a Star Trek: The Next Generation episode...
Titanic in space.
It's a tidy message, if not exactly the one 'Passengers' intends to send home: Man is bored, so man ruins woman's life.
Passengers is perfectly enjoyable blockbuster fodder, with accomplished lead turns and a great simplistic set-up, albeit one that is let down by the needlessly convoluted pay-off.
If you've ever been stuck in an airport lounge, motorway service station or transit hub hotel, you might feel a sceptical appreciation for Passengers.
It feels a touch slight in the homestretch, but its appealing cast and stellar production design help make it a sci-fi journey worth taking.
Sterile, airless, a space opera with light comic touches, technological wonder and subzero romantic heat.
The final failure comes in a climax that defies science, good taste and common sense.
Sweet but inconsequential at its best, overly contrived at most other times, "Passengers" takes too long to get to its too inevitable plot points to truly entertain.
This star-powered sci-fi romantic drama puts forth a compelling premise and its style consciously calls to mind past classics, invoking films like "2001," "Solaris," and "Wall-E." But "Passengers" is a pale imitation.
Space travel has never seemed so soporific as it does in Passengers, Morten Tyldum's slick but empty vessel of a movie.
Passengers could have been big, shiny, quirky and heart tugging -- a cool holiday popcorn flick. Instead it's empty, anonymous and calculated.
Can't decide if it's a blockbuster or a character piece and ends up being neither.
The film rises and falls on the talents of Pratt and Lawrence, and they are considerable.
As Passengers leads you further into its basic storyline, one loses track of the antiquated offenses it causes around female agency, competence and right to consent.
Let's just say it doesn't end well, at least for any viewer grossed out by sick male fantasies.
Something of the movie's true spirit can be detected in the face of Sheen's bartending android, Arthur. Just below the smiling surface he's ironic, mischievous, dirty-minded.
Hits the most predictable beats while hammering its way to a conclusion that's as egregiously contrived and corny as it is predictable.
In space, no one can hear you flirt.
Passengers never quite delivers on its concept, or the prospect of its Lawrence/Pratt team-up. Still, entertaining enough while it lasts.
Tyldum had all the pieces necessary to deliver something engrossing and highly unique, and that makes it especially unfortunate that ill-fitting action detracts so significantly from the experience.
Just a soppy romantic drama.
It might be easier to forgive the cursory plotting and the underdeveloped characters of this lightweight sci-fi if the whole story wasn't predicated on a single act of staggering selfishness.
In Passengers, one particular concern seems to haunt the story. How will we cope when everything is automated and there's nobody at the end of a phone line to talk to when something malfunctions?
As a directing assignment, it at least proves that The Imitation Game was no fluke: Morten Tyldum can make glossily sexless, space-cadet guff out of whatever half-baked script you throw at him.
Jennifer Lawrence and Chris Pratt turn on the movie star wattage in an entertaining movie that is part Titanic, part Gravity, part The Martian and part Twilight Zone but marches to the beat of its own heart.
Underneath this glossy veneer is a truly ugly core.
What's a rather intriguing premise, replete with meaty themes to chew on, eschews all that to focus on sexy space fun times.
A slow-moving, heady twist on the space travel sci-fi subgenre that benefits more from Chris Pratt's dynamic range than Jennifer Lawrence's performance.
Neither the heavy-handed expositional dialogue nor fire and late-in-the-day heroics can shake off the ick and sexist bulls--- of Passengers' disastrous second act.
Passengers is no love story - it's Stockholm Syndrome in space.
"If you aren't nauseated by the ethics, it's quite engaging."
Thankfully, the effects and the charismatic stars make this a journey that might be worth taking -- even if it could have been so much more with perhaps less star power and a slightly smarter script.
It isn't that Passengers is treading in delicate territory that ultimately undermines its premise -- on the contrary -- but the fact that it doesn't trust its central big thinker to keep its movie afloat from beginning to end.
It ends up as nearly as cold and creepy as the space it takes us through.
What, exactly, is this movie trying to be?
Though its conclusion falls short of completely satisfying, Passengers' impeccably cast leads make the film well worth the journey.
This is a touching, heartfelt tale of loss and love for the Gravity generation.
Given the imaginative setup and the material's provocative questions about mortality - not to mention the future of humankind - the movie's neat lessons about the nature of happiness and a life well lived feel too easy, too obvious.
"Titanic" in space? No, but it's certainly a disaster.
While Lawrence and Pratt undeniably possess the magic spark of on-screen chemistry, the basic creepiness of this anti-meet-cute extinguishes what the film-makers presumably are hoping is a warm fuzzy glow of spiky, sparky interaction.
An unwelcome thematic stain regarding issues of male captivity fantasy and victimization makes the heroic derring-do that dominates the second half ring laughably hollow.
It tries to pass itself off as romantic but it doesn't seem to realize that it's actually careened headlong into stalker territory.
A flashy, star-driven sci-fi melodrama that gets undercut by a generic (and convenient) finale.
By the time Passengers hits its underwhelming finale, you almost wish that it didn't start out so strong, just because it's basically all a set up for disappointment.
Essentially amounts to a risable two-hour exhibit of sci-fi Stockholm Syndrome.
Part space romance, part space thriller and all space corn, Passengers is a messy and unconvincing mash-up that tries to get by on the not inconsiderable charm of stars Jennifer Lawrence and Chris Pratt.
"Passengers" is the tale of a lonely guy in space, the drama of an ethical conundrum, a love story featuring two of the hottest actors on the planet, and a turbulent sci-fi action-adventure - and for all of that, it manages to be not a very good movie.
Dreams up one of the most intriguing 'what would you do?' scenarios in recent movie memory and takes it precisely nowhere.
Passengers is a sweeping romance about true star-crossed lovers, offering adults a different kind of space opera.


@highlight

Passengers proves Chris Pratt and Jennifer Lawrence work well together -- and that even their chemistry isn't enough to overcome a fatally flawed story.