This painful background tale of the schoolgirl master of the really slow fireball attack almost makes one yearn for the days of Jean-Claude Van Damme.
Trades in vital game info to squeeze in as much acrobatics and fighting sequences as possible. Bartkowiak shouldn't have taken the first part of the title so literally.
...ultimately fares worse than its eye-rollingly campy 1994 predecessor...
Street Fighter fans like me will be blissfully playing Street Fighter IV, with this movie occupying our minds as little more than a disposable curiosity.
This sloppy second attempt at bringing the Street Fighter franchise to the big screen...violates one of the primary rules for any Playstation to motion picture translation - never mess with the mythology.
No mojo in its dojo.
Singularly witless.
There will never be a good video game movie no matter how many stars pop up to headline them.
if there's anything legendary on display, it's the performance of co-star Chris Klein, which can only be described as epic in its awfulness.
Devoid of a single redeeming feature, the motley flick is a hodge-podge of chop-socky cliches -- a ball of flaming, stinky martial arts chi.
Just a boring, bad action movie - which, to be fair, means that it's one of the best video game adaptations ever made.
The Legend of Chun-Li is as vapid and dull as it is.
Proving that there's no statute of limitations on lousy ideas, director Andrzej Bartkowiak's attempted franchise expansion returns to the Capcom motherlode that produced the worst movie in the entire Jean-Claude Van Damme filmography.
A long slog with little payoff.
Generic action sequences, bad acting, cringe-inducing dialogue and a miscast leading lady all combine for a thoroughly painful hour and a half at the movies.
Not only is this a strong early contender for worst film of the year, it could well be a candidate for the worst film ever made.
It seems to work hard at not being fun...
Another video game transferred to the big screen with only so so results
I'm not making this up. I happened to walk out of the three behind three guys. One of them said to the others: 'Did you PAY to see that?'
If you thought they couldn't possibly make a Street Fighter movie that was worse than the 1994 Jean-Claude Van Damme camp-fest, you'll be unpleasantly surprised.
Even avid fans of the classic video game on which it is based are likely to give a thumbs down to Street Fighter: The Legend of Chun-Li.
Neither the best nor the worst of movies derived from videogames, Street Fighter: The Legend of Chun-Li at least gives action fans plenty to ogle besides the titular heroine (Kristin Kreuk).
I'd say this is roughly 20 times better than the first Street Fighter movie. It's still a waste of time, but unlike the game, it's over in 95 minutes.
If there's to be a reboot of Street Fighter -- a video-game franchise whose iron was hot back in the '90s -- it's not going to get synergy from the limp action flick Street Fighter: The Legend Of Chun-Li.
Watching the movie, you can't help wishing you had some buttons to press.
This is a movie for the overcaffeinated, undereducated teenager in all of us.
Yet another video game crashes and burns upon its translation to the big screen with this cinematic rendition of the venerable franchise.
The fight scenes are saggy, the actors are stiff, and the sleepiness of it all is enough to make you nostalgic for the simple smackdown charms of the movie's namesake videogame.
Daddies and daughters lend a wistful emotional core to Street Fighter: The Legend of Chun-Li, an otherwise generic martial-arts movie with video-game credentials.
Chun-Li understandably wasn't screened for critics. It shouldn't be screened for audiences, either. Even Uwe Boll could have done better; at least he makes terrible videogame adaptations with a little personality.
Like a failed offspring sullying its family name, this laughable would-be diversion has only its digitally-based predecessors going for it.
should spur the legalization of guns in movie theaters so you can shoot yourself with them.
The good news is that I only need 9 more movies for my 10 Worst List.
It's a cheerfully stupid endeavor, enlivened by some gnarly fights and endullened by all the talky stuff in between.
When Chris Klein yells "Bomb! Everybody Out!", he just as well could have been talking about this movie too.
Street Fighter: The Legend of Chun-Li is not the movie Street Fighter fans have been clamoring for, but that is mostly because Street Fighter fans haven't really been clamoring for a movie.
It's bad. It's really bad. It's Uwe Boll bad.
Video game adaptation is violent, jarringly inept.
What little plot exists here is of the embarrassingly shallow sort.
It's all based on a video game, and hardly any of it makes sense, yet it does occasionally veer into so-bad-it's-good territory.
Devotees of the video game [would] do better to stay at home and twiddle their thumbs in front of a monitor.
a.k.a "Black Belt Norah Jones"
I can't remember the last time I watched an actor fail to walk into a room convincingly, but Chris Klein does it. Look for a YouTube montage of his Street Fighter performance to pop up any day now.
A meandering, confused, and worst of all boring crime syndicate accounting which takes forever to unfold and does everything it can to avoid actual fighting.
Street Fighter: The Legend of Chun-Li is indeed terrible, but in kind of an awesome way.
Coming soon: The origin of Pac-Man's taste for dots.
I much prefer the flamboyant badness of the '94 flick to the attractive, even-keeled mediocrity of this one. Jean-Claude Van Damme's stock just rose considerably.
Even by the admittedly lowered standards of video game adaptations, the new Street Fighter movie stinks.
As a fan of the video game series, I can honestly say that this is hands down one of the worst films I have ever seen. Chris Klein is so bad that he made the movie a comedy.
Chun-Li narrates much of it, and the dialogue would be excruciating if it weren't laughable in the way she describes what is blatantly occurring on the screen. If nothing else, the movie is an ideal one for blind viewers.
I suppose the real question again is: why is there a story at all?
I'll take Jean-Claude Van Damme and his powder blue beret any day over this insipid, clunky, and joyless motion picture.



@highlight

The combination of a shallow plot and miscast performers renders Street Fighter: The Legend of Chun Li a perfectly forgettable video game adaptation.