Director Steven Shainberg's follow-up to his groundbreaking film "Secretary" (2002) is an anti-biopic that dares to read between the lines of its subject's artistic vision rather than replay the common knowledge events of photographer Diane Arbus' life.
Nicole Kidman is superb as the woman who blooms and goes a trifle mad at the touch of this other world inhabited by Lionel, and Robert Downey Jnr is the perfect actor for the role.
Una película diferente y para nada complaciente con el espectador, que permite aproximarse a una de las artistas más influyentes del siglo XX.
If the filmmakers are telling us that Diane's artistic creativity was unleashed by the love of a good freak, then it's a shame. To turn a story so full of good intentions at the beginning into another movie about a woman who is liberated from the chains
Depois do surpreendente Secretária, que brilhava por sua enganosa despretensão, Shainberg tropeça ao encantar-se mais com a própria ambição artística do que com as brilhantes realizações de sua suposta biografada.
An interestingly designed but inescapably pointless film.
Kidman and Downey Jr's moving performances more than make up for the film's daft script.
Kidman delivers another standout performance, transparent and magnetic. Burrell is no match for Downey's hypnotic beast. The hairy romantic chemistry with Kidman is electric, the context inspired.
While Steven Shainberg and his collaborators should be congratulated for eschewing the traditional biopic route, Fur is a noble experiment that goes awry. Sad to say but this is not a film for anyone wishing to learn about Diane Arbus.
Stylish, imaginative and beautifully directed, this is a slow-moving but utterly mesmerising drama with terrific performances from Kidman and Downey Jnr.
These are themes that everyone can identify with, especially when they're expressed with such intelligence and artistry.
Kidman wades in over her depth in this genuinely odd but disappointingly flat attempt to recast a biopic as a fairytale.
Certainly the film isn't without its flaws. Then again, perfection is in the eye of beholder.
Far-out touches and liberal application of metaphor are compensated for by intensity and two mesmerising performances.
The idea of growth as metaphor truly runs wild in Fur, until the thicketry of meaning and subtext becomes more dense than meaningful, and your attention is stopped, finally, at the surface of Nicole Kidman's placid full moon of a face.
full review in Greek
"Fur: An Imaginary Portrait of Diane Arbus" points out in its title that the picture is mostly fictionalized, but in the opening prologue it states that Diane Arbus was one of America's most important artists. Why make that statement if you can't prove it
Stilted, stylized and art-directed within an inch of its life, Shainberg's movie (which was written by his Secretary collaborator, Erin Cressida Wilson) manages to be both oppressively literal and fatefully fuzzy at the same time.
Pretentious twaddle that tells you nothing about Arbus. Robert Downey Jr. manages to be dignified even when covered in mountains of body hair. That's something.
Don't be fooled for a second by that subtitle. Fur bills itself as An Imaginary Portrait of Diane Arbus, but this thing's got all the imagination of a career bureaucrat slumped in his cubicle awaiting a pension.
Shainberg's fictive biopic is to Arbus what The Agony and the Ecstasy was to Michelangelo. Accent on the agony.
Shainberg neither sugarcoats [Diane Arbus's] distance from her girls nor judges it. The filmmakers understand Arbus's story within the context of her time and upbringing.
The world created by Shainberg never seems strange or real enough to convince us that we're getting the goods on anything. Put another way, this imaginary portrait might have done better had it stuck closer to reality.
[Arbus's] most famous images still have the power to shock, hanging as they do on the walls of the world's museums. Fur, the movie about her, reaches for that same jolt and settles instead for a raised eyebrow.
Kidman's performance is her best to date.
Not a single frame of Fur conveys Arbus's distinctive vision ...
The more risqué elements are carefully ironed out, resulting in a movie that doesn't evoke the eeriness of Arbus' classic 'Identical Twins' as much it brings to mind the harmlessness of C.M. Coolidge's 'Dogs Playing Poker' series.
Fiction can sometimes be used to access a deeper truth than mere fact, but in this case all it does is obscure and confuse a fascinating life story.
For those who don't know Arbus' work, there's little to glean from this portrait.
It's cool and detached, and even its shocks feel calculated and contrived.
You develop an eye on the exit sign and a new urgency to stop wasting your time on an unsatisfying film.
Much of the film is absurdist nonsense, and its symbolism is of the plank-to-the-head variety.
As a biopic, it is as meretricious as most, but as a myth about love and loss, about otherness and identity, about compassion and revulsion, about fetishism and sex, about art and life, it will likely stay with you for days.
The movie officially becomes the one thing Arbus's photography refused to be: normal.
Fur is stuck with offering a reductive and unenlightening view of the real Arbus.
Does it have to be a man that turns her into an artist? Sure he's just a metaphor, but it's still an absurd and insulting suggestion.
Arbus's life has been put through the fantasy blender.
If the movie is highly unlikely to connect with all who see it, it will connect on a deep level to some who do, in no small part because of Kidman's committed, even daring performance.
This fractured beauty-and-the-beast fairytale comes off disturbingly simple-minded.
Fur is a nice-looking movie, Kidman a fine actress, but the metaphorical purpose of the hairy-guy thing is at once too obvious and insufficient in explaining Arbus' work.
Arbus (whose actual work is unseen, presumably because of rights issues) remains an enigma, and Kidman's wispy portrayal doesn't give the film the center it needs.
Kidman brings her character to life with a fey, moth-to-the-flame enthrallment that's both touching and fascinating.
To call Fur one of the year's best seems a little diminishing -- it's a classic.
The film takes enormous liberties by embellishing one small aspect of her life to the point of silliness.
Fur knows how to get under our skin, and it also knows something Arbus demonstrated in her unsettling work: Beauty comes from unexpected places.
Every fictional take on a real-life artist gets a few things wrong, but it's been a long time since I've seen one quite as spectacularly wrong or thoroughly insulting as Fur.
In Fur the filmmakers have created something more unbearable than the pretentious biopic of a suffering artist: the pretentious pretend biopic of a suffering artist.
A shaggy dog story for adults, but one that takes itself much too seriously...so pretentiously, and turgidly, dramatized that...it borders on the risible.
Perverse, pretentious and tiresome fantasy - with a narrow, hallucinogenic depth of field.
...a kinky fairy tale that uses a strange love affair as a metaphor for the artistic urge.
Of all the "what-were-they-thinking" movies of 2006 -- and there are quite a few -- Fur rises to the top of the list.
Kidman is self-destructive as she puts herself in these movies with awkward scenes. For Fur, she has to shave Sasquatch!
What we basically have here in Shainberg exposing himself on screen as a wannabe auteur trying to sum up Arbus' life through a complete fantasy that isn't the least bit fantastical.
Purists will howl at the liberties Shainberg has taken with the facts, but there's a bravery to Fur, an uncompromising commitment to its narrow focus -- of one woman's creative birth -- that rhymes with Arbus's own artistic courage.
Its nerviness only pays off in a few details and in Nicole Kidman's resourcefulness -- mainly a way of suggesting morbid curiosity as erotic stimulation, though the script manages to find diverse excuses for undressing her.
A revelatory, challenging and deeply affecting portrait, anchored by what may be Kidman's most profoundly moving performance to date.
Just because a movie isn't a biography doesn't mean it shouldn't give us enough info to understand why the real person was chosen as the subject.
In making her biography understandable, if "imaginary," it also makes [Arbus's] work-so thrillingly strange-a bit too familiar.
Gutsy, ambitious, and unspeakably bizarre.
Sexual deviancy has never been so dull.
Although the Beauty and the Beast theme works in many movies, Fur lacks anything interesting about its sets, locations, music or costumes and ends up being a pitiful made-up story of a real person.
...You can't help but wish that someone like Todd Solondz or David Lynch had gotten the job instead.
I found it to be heavy-handed, pretentious dreck.
My irritation progressed through contempt, eye-rolling, and, finally, a dull despair illuminated only by the imminent prospect of dinner.
If this sounds like your idea of a fun movie night, go for it. But its not exactly ours.
Fur is a folly, though not a dishonorable one.
A whiff of the ridiculous taints every scene.
Fur barely scratches the proverbial surface of its complex subject. You'll ultimately learn far more about Arbus by studying one of her photographs than by sitting through this pretentious bore.
It only does to the artist what museums have tried to do to her art, putting her in a neat little frame and sticking her on the wall, another exhibit in the sideshow. And it still leaves us, safe and separate, stranded on the other side of the glass.
Like the artists who stock the Whitney Biennial with their plastic puddles of vomit, Fur works feverishly to dress up clichés.
Both in art and in death, Arbus escaped the demeaning constraints of society. By envisioning her as a flawlessly gorgeous mouse with no will of her own, [director] Shainberg and [screenwriter] Wilson have dragged her back.
In one of her best performances, Kidman impressively depicts the intensely emotional journey of Diane's self-discovery.
That the picture collapses into near-total absurdity doesn't diminish the daring of its concept, although it certainly calls into question its utility.
Academy Award winner Kidman is a marvelous actress, but her decision to play Arbus as a painfully shy, wavering waif diminishes her believability as an innovative artist.
An alluring psychodrama about Diane Arbus that celebrates freaks, the start of something completely different, and the liberation that comes when soul mates share their innermost secrets.
Kidman guides the audience through this saga of self-discovery with pliable reserve and a communicative face.
Arbus was surely a complex personality and should have been given credit for it. Here, she's practically presented as a cipher.
doesn't necessarily bore but rather confounds
If you are seeking illumination about Arbus' artistry or her psyche, it's not here.
Fur starts stylishly, and confidently, but the film dwindles down to a chamber piece in a claustrophobic chamber.
This Alice in Wonderland-esque fable, tracking her theoretical evolution from repressed wallflower to visionary artist, doesn't go deep enough down the rabbit hole.
It remains simultaneously too far-fetched and thesis-driven to be convincing and too feelingly done to be ignored.
As much a spiritual sequel to Secretary as an Alice in Wonderland twist on Cocteau's Beauty and the Beast.
If so blatant a fiction is placed in a co-starring role into an account of a real life what can you usefully take away from the movie?
Fur's misstep, and it is significant, is in the creature design of Lionel. The resemblance to Chewbacca is uncanny. He also looks a little like Lon Chaney's Wolf Man.
Freighted with a risible air of pretension and gloom.
Fur is that rare movie that's too understated, so quiet and deliberate that it effectively buries consuming passions.
Downey, however, is remarkable, suppressing his trademark jitters and ticks and delivering a performance of heartbreaking sensitivity, no matter that he spends almost all of his screen time staring out from behind a forest of head-to-toe body hair.
Instead of giving us a reason to care, the movie's message appears hazy and out of focus, like a Polaroid picture that was prematurely shaken.
Is it more interesting and entertaining than a straightforward biopic of Arbus would have been? Maybe. Is it more illuminating? Probably not.
It's been a while since we saw a truly boggling sophomore slump, one of those infamous second-act follies, like Steven Soderbergh's Kafka, made by adirector blinded with ego and overreach.
Fur may not be entirely convincing, but it's made with a conviction that deserves respect.
The paperback edition of Patricia Bosworth's mesmerizing book is being published again this week. My advice is forget about the movie and grab this literary gem fast. You will really learn something. You will learn nothing from Fur.
...a strange movie, but it is interesting and the acting is superb, with Oscar-quality performances by both Kidman and Downey.
You won't learn much about Arbus, aside from the correct pronunciation of her first name; you will get to see Kidman try (and fail) to find her inner freak.
A fantastic and imaginative story of the normal and freakish in the fictitious prequel to the singular photography of Diane Arbus.
You'd expect a conventional biopic to be bland and overly telescoped. But Arbus's life and work ought to inspire something more than the generic tale of a repressed fifties doll wife who runs off with the circus.
The filmmakers behind Fur sentimentalize Arbus, bringing her back into the comfort zone of a woman who is more sensitive than other people to the trials of the unfortunate -- exactly the kind of soft fifties liberalism that she knocked to pieces.
Imaginative enough but slow moving and too focused on alimited center.
Impressively crafted and acted but far too narrowly and benignly conceived to satisfy even on its own terms.
The movie feels like it's still in the darkroom.
In what seems like a sequel to Birth, we are treated to endless silent close-ups of Kidman's hard, porcelain face struggling to signal girlish repression and longing for release.
An affected fantasia that unsuccessfully tries to conjure Diane Arbus out of a strident urban fairy tale.
The film is visually spectacular, overlapping worlds of fantasy and reality until we're never quite sure what's real and what's not.
Though defying biopic cliches, this is yet another version of Beauty and the Beast, a misconceived fairytale by writer Wilson that fails to illuminate Arbus' genius, and made worse by Nicole Kidman who's miscast.
Earns points for its approach, and also for audacity.






@highlight

This portrait of a groundbreaking photographer lacks the daring of its subject.