The plot revolves around the story of unfulfilled love - the kind that haunts you for all eternity, even if you've created a different life for yourself. But how can this theme be brought to the screen without an ounce of emotion?
Gorgeous to look at and lightweight fun while it lasts.
It's basically just Annie Hall set in the 1930s, but he's remade Annie Hall like nineteen times and no one has cared yet, so I don't see why anyone will care now.
Like the champagne that flows freely throughout the film, it's easy drinking, but sadly there's a lack of fizz to this one.
Woody Allen staves off the looming naysayers with a film that will likely appeal to a literate niche, all but forgotten in this day that is sadly a long way removed from the Jazz Age.
If Blue Jasmine was Woody Allen's homage to A Streetcar Named Desire, then his latest, Café Society, evokes Casablanca, both in tone and romanticism.
Without a center, Café Society becomes a photo album with no device to pull these magnetic filings toward the middle. Once more with feeling, please. At various locations.
It's definitely not the best pancake [Woody] Allen's ever whipped up, but it isn't the worst, either.
Café Society aims to be light and frothy, but feels more like a stale cream puff. It looks enticing, but lacks anything fresh or substantial. [Full review in Japanese]
Nothing can prepare you enough for the film's brutal sexism. Slim pickings, indeed.
Despite Vittorio Storaro's luscious cinematography - this is one of the best-looking pictures Woody's ever made - there's something threadbare about Café Society.
It's not a terrible film, and it will find its audience who will no doubt love it, but to me it's just another Woody Allen flick in a sea of Woody Allen flicks.
You don't have to be an Allen aficionado to enjoy Cafe Society -- in relatively short doses, that is.
It's uneven, it's empty, and it's redundant.
An authentic reinvention of melancholy as a unique vital coloration. [Full review in Spanish]
This has the makings of a heavy, maybe even tragic story, but it turns out to be as light a a Twinkie. This is a story in which all's well enough that ends sort of O.K.
Café Society, lest we forget, may be a minor strut in the large Allen canon but it has been made by one of the most fluent directors in America and, for that reason alone, is worth savouring.
Narratively speaking, Café Society is the film version of a Grandpa Abe Simpson anecdote. Famous names are dropped, pointlessly. Trivial matters about the past are flaunted without much context.
A reflection on how the human being seeks new opportunities to hide the failures of the past, although dissatisfactions and disappointments are forever pursuing. [Full review in Spanish]
A very cheerful and hopeful film that has a phenomenal period recreation. [Full review in Spanish]
It's an unimpressively mediocre romantic comedy that has enough little things to save it from being boring, but the clear lack of effort can be frustrating for those who expect more from a film by Woody Allen.
Fortunately, even in its most insipid moments, Café Society is gorgeous to look at.
Though hardly a knockout, Cafe Society qualifies as a showcase of sorts, less for Allen than for his production designer, Santo Loquasto, and his cinematographer, Vittorio Storaro.
Eisenberg is more than enough to make deeply overfamiliar material feel, if not "new", then at least thoroughly pleasant as a better-than-necessary diversion.
Cafe Society reaches back into the past because [Woody Allen] wants to capture the nagging, ungraspable growth of lifelong regret.
Taken on its own, it's a perfectly pleasant if featherweight dramedy.
It's not Allen's best, but after the latest works and his series, we say is a good film and it's worth the time invested. [Full review in Spanish]
A film full of nostalgia for the art deco opulence expressed with grandiloquent cinematography and devilishly good dialogues. [Full review in Spanish]
A film that is more of the same but better. Plus, the careful digital photography of Vittorio Storaro in his first collaboration with the filmmaker truly stands out. [Full review in Spanish]
Café Society is not a masterpiece but it's not a waste either. It's an honest delivery of an aging man. [Full review in Spanish]
Café Society shows a Woody Allen still full of life although nostalgic about youth romance. [Full review in Spanish]
That the images prove the main attraction amidst the self-mimicry and fluff is telling, to say the least.
If #instagram was making a filter for nostalgia; they'd take their cues from Cafe Society.
If you like author cinema or you're fan of love stories in which you identify with the loser (like I do), "Café Society" is a movie that is worth seeing. [Full review in Spanish]
A film that is far from being among the best of Woody Allen because of its flat plot, without climatic moments, and an ambiguous sense of humor. [Full review in Spanish]
A film that becomes quickly predictable, but even within its undeniable wear and flat creative exhaustion, it has great virtues that when they interact they become absolutely magical. [Full review in Spanish]
Lacking the sharp, witty dialogue synonymous with other Allen films, Café Society is forgettable.
Woody Allen's career may be erratic but it's a pleasure to note that Café Society (2016), while well short of masterpiece, is Allen in fine form.
Arguably Allen's best-looking movie in colour. The script does feel like it's been cobbled togther by a computer program, but at least a computer program with access to the Woody archives: if nothing else, there's no doubt this is a Woody Allen movie.
A particularly drowsy effort from the prolific filmmaker.
It's as if Allen has decided that near enough is good enough. He's famous for making a movie a year; after so many great films, that may now be too often.
In Woody Allen's latest film, Cafe Society, Kristen Stewart gives her best performance and the cinematography is beyond irresistible.
The costumes are exquisite, the cinematography luminous, the acting wonderful, and there are plenty of witty Woody Allen quips to smirk over. Yet... Café Society isn't as invigorating as Allen's top-notch work can be.
This is surely the movie that will allow Stewart to finally be forgiven for those bloody Twilight epics, and she certainly looks great in the '30s fashions and those vaguely anachronistic sunglasses.
It's Stewart, however, who grounds this film with the sort of strong, naturalistic performance that is fast becoming her trademark.
An easygoing yet familiar comedy-drama which, although mostly watchable, lacks focus and is in need of a richer dramatic element.
Unlike his earlier work or more recent gems like Blue Jasmine and Midnight in Paris, Café Society is mostly froth with little substance. But that's not to say it isn't an entertaining diversion, after all, we all want fairy floss sometimes.
Café Society meets all our expectations of a Woody Allen movie and nothing more.
The audience for this film already knows who it is. It won't convert anyone not already committed to the cause...
Enjoyable on a superficial level and attractively made, Café Society is not Woody Allen at his very best. As always, though, his sublime taste in music makes up for much of the lack-lustre screenplay
Enjoyable on a superficial level and attractively made, Café Society is not Woody Allen at his very best. As always, though, his sublime taste in music makes up for much of the lack-lustre screenplay
The intricacies of the characterisations, the settings and mood are wonderfully textured in Woody Allen's usual style, although as a complete work, Café Society treads water
Allen's career has always been littered with clunkers; it used to be you could at least expect a good one on alternate years. Since Blue Jasmine in 2013, he's nought for three.
...predictable andintermittently maudlin...
Café Society has all the elements of a good Allen picture. The characters are nuanced and intelligent, and yet that burning, romantic feeling is mysteriously absent.
When the credits roll, you feel that yes, you've had an enjoyable time and watched something very pretty, but are also aware that in under a week you won't be able to remember a single character name.
In the canon of Woody Allen, this one fits in somewhere between Match Point and Midnight in Paris. Predictable, though filled with charming visuals, it is a story for the brain rather than the heart.
As if to compensate for the fact the basic material is, frankly, thin, Allen and his technical team have made certain that visually this is one of his most satisfying films.
A bittersweet comedy about love, family and the irony around perfect personal growth. [Full review in Spanish]
so slight that one gets the impression he wrote the script on the plane ride back from Europe
A fully fledged romance whose characters are analytical rather than passionate, the film's made with the head, not the heart.
The question is: Can he, should he, hang it up while he's ahead?
'Café Society' sets its hook deeper in the final act, where the story gradually becomes saturated with intense longing and regret - an emphasis Allen might not have made earlier in his career.
This one continues the trend of [Woody Allen] films that look great, but say little that is fresh.
The most resounding take-away from the experience is an easy charm carried through by the human chemistry in the foreground.
The story is just another retread of Allen's tiresome and peculiar obsession with relationships between ageing, powerful men and delightful ingenues who, frankly, deserve much better.
It's not in the same league as Allen's finest work, but nor is it a honking misfire like Magic in the Moonlight.
Cafe Society is Allen's most personal film in years with the search for happiness through love as a main theme. [Full review in Spanish]
Whatever one thinks of Café Society -- and responses to Woody Allen's latest as ever are likely to be divided -- few will dispute the visual lustre that the legendary cameraman Vittorio Storaro has brought to this tale of love upended and deferred.
You'll end up feeling about the film like Bobby about Los Angeles -- "half-bored, half-fascinated." And that's a pretty poor average, even for two poorly stitched-together films.
This is easily Allen's best-looking film this century.
Allen's script throws together familiar elements (ruthless hoodlums, respectable hypocrites, insecure film buffs) but lacks pace, belly-laughs or texture.
The set-up is light and fun. LA is made luminous by Vittorio Storaro's magnificent camerawork. The plot, however, mostly treads water ...
Can respectably take its place alongside Woody's catalogue of one-movie-a-year releases.
Is it enjoyable? Absolutely. Is it any good? Now, that's a far more complicated question.
[Allen] has so little faith in his cast that he outlines each character's feelings... before his actors have had a chance to work their magic. That is downright disrespectful when you have hired a collaborator as expressive as Stewart.
Naturally it's all very nostalgic - as all Allen's period films tend to be - but that nostalgia is undercut with a truthfulness that pays off beautifully with a deft and unsentimental ending.
Café Society is very hit and miss with moments that delight and performances that strike all the right notes alongside a laboured, over-busy plot and elements that never quite gel.
A movie about personal and historical tradition not heartbreak. A film that doesn't aspire to be amazing because it has it all. [Full review in Spanish]
If we must have works of comedy-drama fluff from this once great filmmaker - and these years it seems we must - they might as well ravish the senses.
Notable for a superb Kristen Stewart performance, this entertaining lament to old Hollywood and lost love sits between major and minor Woody.
Initially, Cafe Society feels like it's going to be powered by gags but the fun of the early stages gives way to a more poignant second half as Allen ruminates on grief and guilt.
More flyaway entertainment than vintage Woody but a joy while it lasts. Allen, at 80, has a spring in his step.
Ponderous and light, though it comes into its own with the heartening climax.
highly representative Allen -- if you're playing Woodman bingo, you can immediate cross off "older man/younger woman romance," "Los Angeles depicted as a vacuous cultural wasteland" and "nostalgia for Hollywood's Golden Age" off your card.
It might be another sign of Allen's declining, nevertheless manages to show his creative spark. [Full review in Spanish]
Far to be one of Allen's best films, although it's not the worst. [Full review in Spanish]
Woody Allen returns to sad comedies playing once again with humor and pain. [Full review in Spanish]
The verbose if intermittent voice-over (delivered by Allen himself) is intrusive and redundant, but the script's Borscht Belt existentialism -- 'Life is a comedy, written by a sadistic comedy writer' -- is on point.
Every last of [Allen's] 80 years is felt in the picture's sleepy narration and leisurely pacing. He's been here, done this, toiled over all of these same spare parts before.
The stars blossom in Allen's hands -- Eisenberg may be the best Woody-clone yet, and Stewart has never been anywhere near this interesting before.
Typical 21st-century Woody: pleasant, though not particularly funny; a bit melancholic, though not emotionally affecting; likable though not memorable.
A romantic comedy about the heartbreak of being in love with love.
The romantic comedy-drama script seems regurgitated from some of director-writer Woody Allen's earlier works, and his alter-ego [has a] lackluster stroll through Hollywood's past. There's no magic in Café Society.
A corpse of a period piece, production-designed to death.
Like the wine Bobby opens on his first real date with Vonnie, it just needed some time to breathe.
A mess of a story that haphazardly jumps around though settings, tones, and plotlines with little overarching point or direction.
An uninspired but satisfactory old-school nostalgia-laden Hollywood love triangle story, set during the late stages of the Great Depression.
Wistfully vintage Woody Allen - with a jazzy soundtrack worth savoring....
Allen fashions an affectionate period re-creation of Hollywood and his beloved New York, offering a heartfelt glimpse into a bygone era.
Café Society falls right in line with much of Allen's good-but-not-great output as of late.
Cafe Society is such a sweetly satisfying and visually beautiful tale from 80-year-old Woody Allen that I feel terrible telling you how much greater a film might have been made that took its title seriously.
A cut above most everything else that passes for comedy these days.
The elements here are certainly familiar but they've never looked better.
It adds up to another middling Allen film typical of the 21st century, which is enough to satisfy many fans.
The film manages a slight melancholy tug, and Woody's recent tendency to stop suddenly actually works here, underlining the characters' impossible romantic dilemmas. But the script is often lazy and listless.
It's a love story for characters that don't really deserve love, and a criticism of the shallowness of fame from a director who has always shunned it.
Cafe Society is mainly a small and unnervingly familiar private drama that is never funny enough nor smart enough to justify its anachronistic style.
If it doesn't reach the heights of Woody's best - 2013's "Blue Jasmine" was his last great film - it still has several rich touches, including a luminous performance by Kristen Stewart.
Café Society may enchant the viewer with its lush visuals and close-ups of Stewart's smouldering expressions, and it may prove sufficiently entertaining.
Café Society, starting with Allen's own lazily written and tiredly performed voiceover, is the retro movie of a filmmaker enmeshed in cobwebs.
Even functioning at way below his golden years level, Woody Allen's writing is still terrific. This one benefits from Allen's always exceptional casting.
...just bits and pieces that don't add up to anything.
His career is pretty well one long kvetch set to Gershwin.
It'll attract the Allen faithful, but not many more. And if Allen keeps making movies like this, his audience will continue to dwindle.
Stewart, however, infuses the part with softness and vulnerability that pop the role into three dimensions. She's easily the best reason to see this otherwise flat entry into Allen's body of work.
The legendary cinematographer Vittorio Storaro beautifully captures the sunny glamour of old Hollywood and the gilt-edged gaudiness of New York clubs, while Allen populates those glittering worlds with a cast that seems born to them.
Eisenberg, though amiable, doesn't have the same juice. And he seems unsure just how to play things, at times attempting to mimic Allen's quirks, at others simply failing to command the screen.
Café Society unfolds more like a biography of the quintessential Allen protagonist than a comedy. It's calm and reflective to the point of drowsiness.
"I'm kind of half-bored, half-fascinated," Eisenberg tells his bro over the long-distance line, and the sentiment could also apply to the movie - although Storaro's sumptuous cinematography makes even its mundane moments enchanting.
Cafe Society is one of Woody Allen's good ones. One of his funny, most romantic but also most bittersweet ones.
Sitting through this movie, it's hard to imagine there was time when the release of a new Woody Allen film was exciting.
Café Society isn't about anything other than Allen's own self-indulgence.
A love story drenched in nostalgia, "Café Society" is a film of rare beauty.
From the stiff performances to the odd narrative structure to the clunky editing to Allen's almost unbearable voice-over, this film fails.
...shows a basic filmmaking incompetence that would get any other director drummed out of the business.
...half-heartedly poses the same questions [Allen has] been ruminating on for decades.
Allen returns here to one of his familiar preoccupations. That would be pondering with a mordant wit whether the universe has an order of some sort, or if it is all just chaos with nothing afterwards but oblivion.
Allen's clever film questioning whether you should abandon love or go for it.
This is far from another Annie Hall rehash, for one reason: it's the best-looking movie Allen has made in many years (Splice Today)
Maybe Woody Allen waited too long to make "Café Society"; it seems, weirdly, to be an uninspired remake of itself.
For all its beauty and its star power, the movie never elevates to anything beyond a kind of storyboard sketch.
The best scenes in the film belong to the cast of Bobby's New York Jewish family members, and one scene in which his parents discuss the afterlife is just about worth the price of admission.
The two perfrmers also nicely capture the regrets people have over roads and risks not taken. Allen, in the final scenes, handles this theme with grace and depth, ending the film on a unexpectedly moving and satisfying note.
Cafe Society is glib rather than droll or witty or incisive.
Beyond the laughs, Allen's latest delivers a meditation on life's endless stream of choices - and the scar tissue that remains even when you believe you've made all the right ones.
"Cafe Society" may not be his best, but it is, at times, hilarious, and as always with Allen's films --- vastly entertaining.
Like fine wine or aged cheese, 80-year-old filmmaker Woody Allen keeps getting better.
A sweet retro-romance set mostly in old-time Hollywood. Cast is marvelous.
[Writer/director Woody Allen] narrates his story with an intonation of disbelief that borders on boredom.
The film finally founders on its inability to find a groove.
"Life is a comedy written by a sadistic comedy writer," Bobby quips. Café Society, on the other hand, is a comedy written by a benumbed one.
It has its moments early on, especially in some of the terrific and funny dialogue. (Full Content Review for Parents - Violence, Sexual Content, etc. - Available)
It's a strange picture; a melancholic dirge in the guise of a comic bauble, at once light as a feather and pitilessly sad.
It's a return to the director's roots and a clear bit of personal therapy. At the core, however, burns idealism, longing and the modulation of one's own personal views over time.
It's handsome, and pleasant, and polished, and sedate. You won't laugh or cry. You may, however, smile or sigh.
Woody Allen celebrates the vaunted era of New York's segregated 1930s nightlife - and its West Coast counterpart in Hollywood...Allen uses comedy to avoid serious contemplation of the social inequities that accompany class advancement.
It's about '30s glamour and swank. More accurately, it's about nostalgia for those things. Either way, it's not about characters or chemistry or anything much resembling emotion.
Stewart is irresistible here. Allen is a legendary director of women, and Stewart's performance is shockingly good, awards-caliber work.
Allen is confident that he can skip scenes, shift locations and more or less take his audience anywhere he wants, so long as he's entertaining, and in this he's right.
With each succeeding year, Allen's insular version of the past feels more eccentric. Depending on the viewer, it's either happily reassuring or strangely out of touch.
As in many of Allen's period comedies, the dialogue sounds completely modern and evokes the era only in its endless name-dropping.
It's a beautiful thing to behold.
Allen on autopilot, halfheartedly arranging bits of behavior, hoping that something will resemble a film by the time the end credits arrive.
Looks absolutely fantastic...shot in lush, luminous tones by cinematographer Vittorio Storaro. Otherwise, however, it's middle-grade Allen at best.
Lovely and amusing with an undercurrent of Allen's trademark melancholy, Café Society is entertaining but fails to be memorable.
Café Society is a movie of plush period trappings, generously spritzed with wistful, bittersweet mistiness.
It'll probably never make it into anyone's list of the 10 most-important Allen films. But I'd watch it again over a few movies that would.
The film doesn't totally upend Allen's notion that L.A. is a seductively shallow place that has to resort to celebrating the ability to make a right turn on red to feel better about itself. In Café Society, it just looks so gorgeous while doing it.
Like so many Allen films, it feels like it was made primarily for his therapist, and letting the rest of the world in to see it and make their own diagnoses is an afterthought.
Allen's best-looking movie since the heyday of his seminal collaborations with Gordon Willis.
It isn't a particularly great Woody Allen movie. Nor is it a particularly disappointing one. It falls into the vast middle ground on his resume -- the movies you enjoy sitting through, but quickly forget once the lights come up.
The all-over-the-place story and huge cast make for a film that is more a series of connected vignettes than a linear story
Woody Allen's clever story and script are delivered with spot-on performances by Kristen Stewart, Jesse Eisenberg, and Steve Carell. The Los Angeles locations are filmed so lovingly that it makes one yearn to be there then instead of now.
Production Designer Santo Loquasto produced an exquisite 1930's Hollywood and New York City; one of the best things about this latest Allen cinematic entree...
Café Society, is intermittently lovely and melancholic.
Replacement Level Allen. There are pleasures to be found. But you have to look a little harder than usual.
Woody Allen's latest movie, Café Society, plays less like an organic motion picture about characters and a story worth investing in than it does a self-parody.
If a great deal of Café Society is shaggy and unfocused, it's at least pleasing in its shapelessness.
I think there's enough here to make Cafe Society worth seeing.
It's a film that seems better in retrospect, like a magic trick that seemed dodgy but reveals itself with its killer prestige.
. . . kibitzing parents; the moral wiggle room of a godless world; winsome, slim-limbed ingénues; and a nebbishy, whiny, wry pseudo-narrator as the surrogate lead-haven't we gone over this before?
Sweetly cynical Woody Allen romcom has some edge.
Allen's script is, again, a mess, a first draft that needed at least a couple more passes through his legendary Olympia typewriter; his dialogue, which used to be such a pleasure to listen to, has become almost unbearable in its awkward clumsiness.
The story is simple, but it has the tug of enduring heartbreak.
"Café Society" meanders a bit ... But because it's from a veteran comedian and filmmaker, it also has some smart jokes, and beautiful images.
The central love triangle strains credulity[, and] Stewart reads too contemporary for the role.
Woody Allen's new period piece is no match for "Midnight in Paris," but the fine cast and bittersweet themes carry the day.
Café Society comes alive partly because of the visual execution, partly because of the acting.
In the best sense, "Cafe Society" presents itself as an older director's film, dealing as it does with the difference between dreams and reality and the presence and persistence of regret.
The whole film feels charmingly insubstantial, just as it's meant to, with beautiful settings, amusing people and, for philosophical context, a classic Woody Allen one-liner.
Woody Allen has made 46 films, of which I've seen 46, and I'm not sure which of us is more tired of them.
The film is so retro golden that old-timey miners would run the reels through a sieve.
The movie's final grace note is deeply felt, so much so you wish Woody Allen had chosen another route to get there.
Allen constructs his romance like an Old Hollywood prestige picture, equating lost love with a longing for a time when Hollywood was, perhaps, as pure as it ever was.
Neither especially funny nor particularly dramatic, but appealing enough in its handsome melancholia to create the phantom impression of Allen firing on all cylinders.
It's the filmmaking around the writing that casts a particular spell. Particularly near the end, as Allen adds up the moral failings and squelched desires and doused dreams of all his characters.
Allen narrates in a voice that, for the first time, suggests his 80 years of age. But his touch lightens with each film, and the melancholy bubbles up from below and catches you off guard.
Mr. Allen's literal voice, which supplies narration, sounds unusually sluggish and weary. The same is true of his voice as a writer and director. For every snappy scene or exchange there are three or four that feel baggy and half-written.
There's some lovely written moments, as one would expect from an Allen film, but it's truly the visual cues and the immensely expressive leads that elevate Café Society into the upper echelon of Allen's 21st century soufflés.
Buoyed by the nuanced performances of Stewart and Eisenberg, the 80-year-old Woody Allen creates a ravishing romance shot through with humor and heartbreak.
Romantic, bittersweet and funny as hell, Café Society turns Hollywood inside out, rooting through the superficial tinsel to find the real tinsel. You go away gobsmacked, beaming and happy to be both.
Even by Allen's high standards, it's a gorgeous movie.
Woody Allen's easy-to-like but lightweight "Cafe Society" serves up just you'd expect from the seasoned writer and director.
If it doesn't rank as top-shelf Woody Allen (a crowded shelf indeed), it's still one of his better ones.
Woody Allen's newest goes down as smooth as a somewhat watered down martini.
If the jazz player is merely goofing around with his preferred chords, this new arrangement has a light and distinctly pleasant appeal.
Lovely visuals, terrific performances, renewed ambition: There's enough good in Café Society to make it worth your while - and also to make you wish it were better.
Definitely among the most enjoyable-to-watch movies [Woody Allen] has turned out in years.
As clarified potently by Café Society, most of life is spent distracting oneself from matters of the closest personal significance.
High-end Woody Allen, exquisitely evoking the 1930's in Hollywood America.l
"Cafe Society" is a good-looking nothing, but there are times - thanks more to Allen's direction than his writing, and thanks mostly to the people acting out the masquerade - when "nothing" is sufficient.
There is a gravity to it, and a tug of sadness, that cannot be accounted for by the story.
Café Society is Woody Allen at his most sleepy and sensual, beautiful to behold and easy to forget.
Allen simplifies complex themes and takes them to a fun a extreme parody terrain, playing with the usual cliches about judaism. [Full review in Spanish]
Watching this film feels like listening to a formerly great pianist whose fingers are now gnarled with arthritis. The notes are right, and played in the correct order, but the tempo is way, way off.
Eisenberg carries the film with amiable impersonations.
It's not entirely without resonance. I just wish the film wasn't so fascinated by the least interesting character wandering around this whole crazy scene called life.
It's far from being one of Allen's best movies, but it's easy to watch and just enjoy the beautiful and somewhat superficial display of wisdom of the Fall. [Full review in Spanish]
It might film like a minor film, but it's really a brilliant and coherent light comedy in the best Woody Allen way possible. [Full review in Spanish]
Allen's wrtitng, hand by hand with the magical and melancholic world he proposes, is still capable of making miracles. [Full review in Spanish]
It's a film that covers several years and relationships but comes across like a rambling anecdote being told by someone who keeps skipping over the interesting parts.
A pretty, rambling, minor distraction.
While it never fails to look gorgeous, it doesn't stop drifting long enough to show us anyone or anything in detail.
From his hunched, put-upon shoulders to his nervous, rapid-fire delivery, Eisenberg gives us vintage Woody.
A gentle and whimsical romantic comedy-drama.
There is enough in it to please Allen's fans and confound those who think the old boy, 80 now and still churning out a film a year, should stick to playing his beloved sax.
A splendid film, my favorite Woody Allen movie in a long time. [Full review in Spanish]
I'll take fun, light, and forgettable Woody Allen over the tedious droll that Allen seems to turn out every couple years or so.
Café Society isn't Vonnie's story, but it's Stewart's film.
A sad, gloomy, self indulgent, and adult comedy about the irrationality of love. [Full review in Spanish]
Jesse Eisenberg and Kristen Stewart shine with pure charisma, and the cinematography by Vittioro Storaro in on point. [Full review in Spanish]
Allen enthusiasts will be more forgiving, but in comparison to his other work, Café Society ranks as a crowd-pleasing yet forgettable entry.
Yet another movie about the paradox of love, but executed in a lazy way, so lazy that even the dialogue bores this time. [Full review in Spanish]
Although much of Café Society is familiar, Allen wrings enough bittersweet lessons out of this bauble that it feels just novel enough.
There isn't much new here, but Allen - who narrates in a cracked voice -- plays the old tunes with greater assurance than in most recent projects.
Café Society is entertaining and contains all the ingredients we love in Woody Allen films - so do we really care if it's always stirred the same way and not shaken?
[CANNES 2016] Chosen as the opening film at Cannes, "Café Society" set the bar so low that it won't take much for the films in competition to seem far better by comparison.
Woody Allen's 47th film can be described as the sum of his obsesions, put in a beautiful frame by cinematographer Storaro, however, there's barely anything original in this nostalgic story. [Full review in Spanish]
It is clear that whilst reaching the twilight years of his career, Allen is still not completely on the wane.
Café Society is a quintessential later-period Woody Allen film. That is to say, it's utterly mediocre.
Allen's most untroublesome film in a while, his most charming in years and his most beautiful to look at, maybe ever.
A polished, amber-coloured sonnet to the Hollywood Golden Age of the 1930s.
Though not the sum of its many wonderful parts, Café Society still represents a captivating melding of the light-and-dark complexity of Allen's best work.
Unfortunately, its screenplay doesn't hold up to the beautiful production design and the gorgeous cinematography. [Full review in Portuguese.]
The movie, watchable as it is, never quite overcomes the sense that it's a lavish diagram working hard to come off as a real movie.
A small fiction of amiable appeal and vibrancy which goes down as easily as a fizzy cocktail.
A bittersweet comedy of manners that sees Allen pushing the boat out stylistically and in narrative ambition, even as he treads familiar ground.
It has entertainment and charm.
Aided by an anxious Jesse Eisenberg and the gently expressive Kristen Stewart, "Cafe Society" works about as a well as a decent-but-not-great Allen movie can.

@highlight

Café Society 's lovely visuals and charming performances round out a lightweight late-period Allen comedy whose genuine pleasures offset its amiable predictability.