Documentarian Billy Corben's revealing film exposes the methods and players in South Florida's drug trade that literally built the city of Miami that we know today with billions of dollars in blood cash.
With a nearly two-hour running time that includes its share of blowhards, repetition, and cheesy attempts to heighten drama, Cocaine Cowboys brings to mind an unfortunate comparison: Miami Vice. The movie.
Grisly crime scene snaps accompany the story, which makes Miami Vice look like a tea party and Florida like hell on earth.
A documentary examining the Miami drug wars of the early 1980s in exhaustive - and occasionally nauseating - detail.
The haystacks of cash and coke are laughably insane - as is the head-count: thousands of people were gunned to death. This is the only state in the world where Scarface might raise a smile.
At nearly two hours, Cocaine Cowboys (appropriately) doesn't know when to stop talking, but as a chronicle of a demented epoch, it's both entertaining and just about definitive.
Without narration, the doc has scant moral compass, its very title celebrating the machine gun-wielding mercenaries involved.
Too often the film crosses the line between recording his subjects' illegal activities and aggrandising them.
It's the sort of glamour-meets-violence drugs-crime story on which lads' mags thrive: unqualified, over-reverent and hysterical.
Ropey graphics and sub-Scarface synth music simply add to the feeling that you're getting a low budget experience.
Fast-paced and fascinating, but a little too frenetic for its own good.
Rich in detail and fascinating characters.
There's so much compelling material here, all of it salacious and dangerous and so enjoyable that you might just feel a little guilty afterward.
Cocaine Cowboys is a fascinating look at a time when Miami was so flush with cash from cocaine deals that it was completely buffered from a nationwide recession.
The Jan Hammer music on the soundtrack works overtime to assure us that Cocaine Cowboys is the real, nastier version of Miami Vice
This is an ugly film, but with an undeniable allure.
It's watchable, but like gorging on every rotten issue of the old Confidential magazine.
Forget Scarface and Miami Vice. Cocaine Cowboys is the real deal -- a down-and-dirty look at the high living and illegal drugs that dominated south Florida in the 1980s.
This documentary on Miami's lethal '80s cocaine scene is cut fast.
At half the length it would have been twice as good, but nevertheless it stokes a nostalgia some may have for a magic period in Miami history when it was ever so briefly the American Casablanca.
After beginning at a healthy clip, the film becomes mired in endless remembrances of debaucheries past and Miami's descent into lawlessness.
It's a remarkable immersion in a world turned morally inside out.
Aiming for encyclopedic coverage of the drug epidemic and its effect on the city, Corben packs much too much into one movie.
While the filmmakers clearly got a contact high from hearing all these war stories, most civilians will find a little of this goes a long way.
Through its use of archival news footage and contemporary interviews, Cocaine Cowboys proves to be an intoxicating exploration of Miami, the '80s cocaine trade and those who saw it all happen.
Cocaine Cowboys' pulpy entertainment value merely lures us into a grim, kaleidoscopic look at how one city was both destroyed and, ironically, eventually saved by some of the worst human beings to walk the Earth.
The only thing more boring than listening to someone on drugs may be listening to someone brag about how many drugs he used to sell.
Cocaine Cowboys is gleefully manipulative -- which is meant as a compliment. Edited for maximum impact, it packs the furious momentum and dramatic punch of a riveting feature film.
A hyperventilating account of the blood-drenched Miami drug culture in the 1970s and 80s.
As sensational as Scarface and a lot livelier than that Miami Vice movie.
Fans of Scarface and even Goodfellas will definitely get their thrills.
One worrisome aspect here is the absence of any condemnation of self or substance on the part of the three principal participant-interviewees.
Cocaine Cowboys is kinetic and absorbing, the documentary equivalent of GoodFellas.
Cocaine cash financed Miami's renaissance, but the film never downplays the human cost at which that urban renewal was purchased.
While it's a bit haphazardly organized and offers only a cursory analysis of the drug war's impact on the city, Billy Corben's second documentary is ultimately as compelling as any pulp yarn.
Parts of Cocaine Cowboys manage the impossible -- making cocaine boring. But the film doesn't shy away from presenting horrific images: We see blood-streaked walls, bullet-perforated bodies and Katie Couric's haircut circa 1981.
If The Godfather movies were based on real gangsters and some of them were still around to talk about the good old days, they might be as fascinating as the characters in Billy Corben's documentary about the cocaine import business in 1970s Miami.
An exercise in blood-soaked nostalgia, a look back at an era (the late 1970s and early 1980s) when Miami was a bad and dangerous place to live.
Bullets fly and dead bodies drop like whacked weeds in this startling documentary about the bad old days of the Miami drug trade.
What was needed was the Frontline approach; what is provided, sadly, is Brian de Palma Lite.
A slick look at the cocaine trade of the 70s/80s that made Miami the home of more homicides per capita, and more banks per square mile, than any other city in America.
An exhilarating documentary that details the chaos, glamour and greed of the drug industry in Miami during the 1970s and '80s.
An exhaustive, exciting and ultimately exhausting history.
Set during the cocaine wars of the late '70s and early '80s, this documentary is out to reveal how Miami vice really worked.
The story is fascinating, if a little overlong, and makes you want to see a high-profile, big-name Griselda Blanco movie happen, like, tomorrow.
A rogues gallery of flamboyant gangsters paint an anecdote-rich portrait of the drug trade, while a steady stream of cops, coroners and crime reporters furnish social commentary.
Sure, the bombast is extreme, and, yes, it spends more time on tall tales than impact reports, but this vigorous, energetic doc captures the allure of a business that has never thrived on subtlety.
Cocaine Cowboys' in-the-moment kicks are, after the lights come up, apt to leave one with something of an ashamed and remorseful hangover.
Informative documentary filmmaking that belongs as much on library shelves and agency case files as in your local theatre.



@highlight

As frenetic, thrilling, and lacking in subtletly as its drug of focus...and just as likely to prompt some hard questions after it's gone.