While Nacho Libre and Napoleon Dynamite have a certain charm and were made with a passion for filmmaking, Masterminds seems more like a movie that was made with a passion for making money.
Zach Galifianakis turns a public swimming pool brown after eating a Super Taco somewhere from a local stand in Mexico. With jokes like that, how can this movie possibly be a failure?
If you're in a mood for some weekend cheer, Masterminds could do it for you.
It doesn't have great dialogue or memorable set pieces, but within the confines of its setup it comes up with enough madness to please the average idiot-comedy buff
At its best, the movie feels like an extended skit, but the script feels witless and is far too focused on moving along the convoluted plot.
This is a film made for a specific audience whose members delighted in the anachronistic eccentricities of Hess' past films. If you found those tedious or too outrageous, this isn't for you.
Not every gag lands, but those that do make this broad yet lovable schlub of a comedy worth a $3.99 online stream.
As a throwaway Friday night pizza time killer, this redneck comedy is a funny enough caper lark. Apparently based on a true story.
A comedy that is entertaining thanks to its interpreters, but it ends up being more effective in its social analysis between white aristocracy and the new rich. [Full review in Spanish]
There's some punchy play with comic timing and scattershot laughs, but the movie's too skittish, misfires in a hitman-subplot, and can't make us treasure its Most Wanted Dopes.
All of these actors and filmmakers will do better work in the future, but Masterminds won't be on the top of anyone's résumé.
A comedy with a fairly linear structure in its plot and that entertains with good gags. [Full review in Spanish]
The matter-of-fact oddball air of television sketch comedy predominates, which makes for a wacky movie but another perfect turn, as David's fiancee Jandice, from Kate McKinnon
Amiable but average.
Galifianakis and McKinnon are genuinely entertaining, especially together, but when taken as a whole, Masterminds squanders its potential all too frivolously.
A trial and error comedy in which there are more errors than anything. [Full review in Spanish]
It had everything to avoid failure but turned out to be a worn, predictable and very unfunny comedy. [Full review in Spanish]
Mmindless and senseless.
Masterminds, directed by Jared Hess, needs to go deeper into the tension between the way pop culture betrays its audience by displacing personal needs and then indoctrinating greed and restlessness.
With a couple of exceptions, everyone is some lazy, tired version of the village idiot. The only crime committed here is the assault on comedy.
Masterminds has more joys than your average anaemic comedy, but none of them justify the time invested in going to the cinema.
A self-consciously off-kilter comedy, Masterminds doesn't quite stay on its game long enough to truly satisfy.
Galifianakis's bad hair is the first obvious clue of the filmmakers' creative miscalculation.
Suffers greatly in comparison to Michael Bay's Pain And Gain (2013), a film with which it shares much in common ... Everyone does way too much except for Kate McKinnon, who is absolutely brilliant and not utilised nearly enough.
Even though the film isn't completely despicable, the main problem lies in the inconsistencies and its cast. [Full review in Spanish]
A film with scatological humor and simple gags product of a unoriginal and lazy script. [Full review in Spanish]
A comedy that works particularly thanks to its cast and its unpretentious tone. [Full review in Spanish]
The script has fun with the film's premise and setting, which is the late 90's where everyone in the South hangs out, robs banks and hire hitmen.
Hess deploys the same sneering derision he brought to Napoleon Dynamite; only Wiig eludes his heavy hand long enough to turn in a sensitive and sympathetic performance.
A n intolerable slog, stuffed with broader-than-broad hick caricatures and lowest-common-denominator toilet humor in place of anything resembling genuine wit.
Galifianakis' cluelessness can tickle, but he's having a progressively difficult time making things feel fresh.
It's just smart people acting like dumb people in a dumb movie.
For the most part, "Masterminds" feels like being trapped in one of those painful "Saturday Night Live" sketches that come on after Weekend Update and seemingly never end.
This is the kind of not great/not terrible picture that will work better on a casual home viewing than as a big screen experience.
... must have been robbed of its laughs.
Nobody would ever mistake Masterminds for a good movie ... but it would be criminal to deny the huge laughs strewn throughout, sneakily exploding like depth charges at random intervals.
The sentimentality, however, outweighs the humor, and even if the jokes were good it would become difficult to laugh because they are at the expense of this sad sack set of characters.
A tooth extraction without painkillers would have been far more enjoyable.
Its editing rhythm and tension-building is so off-key it makes something as exciting as a vault robbery torturous to watch.
Painfully unfunny, 'Masterminds' feels like a movie its own moronic characters might have made.
Although not a disaster, Masterminds is a disposable and middling off-kilter heist comedy that squanders its cast's talents on subpar material.
Hess dives deeply into the ass crack of suburban North Carolina, finding lowbrow caricature courtesy his two wonderfully shameless lead actors, Zach Galifianakis and Kristen Wiig.
The movie has been on ice awaiting release for over a year, owing to the bankruptcy of its studio. But some of the jokes were moldy long before that happened. Masterminds owes us our two hours back.
Masterminds finds plenty of targets for its satirical jabs and lets them all off the hook.
While the movie itself failed to steal my heart it managed to abscond with just enough of my affection I'd be tempted to give it a second look at some point in the not so distant future.
The whole thing is annoying and bad. (Full Content Review for Parents - Violence, Sexual Content, Profanity, etc. - also Available)
What Masterminds lacks in sharp one-liners it more than makes up for in ridiculous slapstick.
The subtext is all about class dispossession, but a movie in which a character is stupid enough to propose a big-time bank robbery so that his gang can make it into the news ("the big show") is pushing it.
A funny, fact-based heist movie about a bunch of nitwits? Zach Galifianakis, Kristen Wiig, Kate McKinnon, Owen Wilson, Leslie Jones and Jason Sudeikis? Do they know this is better than "Ghostbusters?"
This comedy of criminal errors is played with wonderfully zany, black, slapstick humor.
Masterminds stars some of the funniest names in comedy. Too bad the movie isn't funny.
Like someone tried to stretch a photobooth series with goofy outfits and silly props into a feature.
Heist film is funny but has some sexist humor.
White trash caricature is the film's default mode, which comes across more as cruel and mean-spirited than anything else (Splice Today)
Masterminds piles a few too many additional and arbitrary oddities into the mix.
If smart dumb comedies hold a place in your heart, you'll like Masterminds.
Masterminds often bears the choppy scars of postproduction tinkering, but it remains entertaining for those who like their deadpan with a healthy side of slapstick.
Hess has traded the deadpan shtick of his debut for the kind of insult-and-injury farce that wouldn't be out of place in a Kevin James production.
Asides, glances, pauses, silences, double takes, and false starts-Hess catches an extraordinary range of wondrous humanity within the extravagant theatrics of his wildly self-presenting actors.
Masterminds is filled with the sort of idiotic bathroom humor that has become standard in big-screen comedies, but it is enlivened by the surreal slapstick touches that made Napoleon Dynamite so good.
On its own, Masterminds is a decent comedy, even if everyone involved has done better work elsewhere. But next to all the serious options playing in theaters right now, Masterminds may be just the goofy change of pace you need.
Galifianakis and Sudeikis give this their all, but truthfully, the REAL heist was funnier than "The Hollywood Version."
McKinnon is wasted, Wilson is unconvincing as a hick and the whole film takes a very condescending view of people with low incomes.
Jared Hess's film turns out to be a succession of failed jokes punctuated by a few cathartic laughs.
Hess and his three scripters rely more on the improv skills of an impressive cast than on anything resembling jokes or a credible story.
There's a certain subset of the population that may find Zach Galifianakis in a ridiculous hairdo the height of comedy. If you are in that segment, welcome.
Masterminds may be as dumb as its characters sometimes, but it's a good, entertaining kind of dumb.
The true story of a $17 million heist is turned into an uneven extended SNL skit complete with cast members from that show. Zach Galifianakis is the mastermind behind some genuine laughs, but they are not enough to save this one-joke comedy.
I cracked up here and there watching this broad heist comedy, but it wasn't laughter I felt great about.
The full-on goofiness is not reliably buoyant; this is an intermittently enjoyable but often choppy comic ride.
'Masterminds' is a constantly mean-spirited piece of work that's an insult to everyone who made it and everyone who watches it.
Zach Galifianakis and Kristen Wiig's absurd lead turns help carry this uneven but amusing bank-robbery comedy.
Jared Hess' best comedy since Napoleon Dynamite -- which admittedly is not exactly a very difficult feat for him to pull off.
Weird-stupid more than good-stupid ...
Kinder to its characters than most comedies about the bumbling and under-educated, and that's Hess's strength.
There are some genuinely funny bits but, alas, far too few.
A comedy that takes a true tall tale already absurd enough and adds garish hair stylings, a catfight involving vaginal cream as a weapon and a joke about how supporting player Leslie Jones looks like a dude.
Masterminds won't rank as one of history's big-budget botches such as Ishtar and Heaven's Gate, but the colossal waste of class-A comedy talent should qualify as a felony in Tinseltown.
This movie is not for you. This movie is not for anyone. Except maybe for Lorne Michaels. It must make him feel good that he can still get movies made after all these years.
Desperately unfunny. Should have stayed on the shelf.
You might forget "Masterminds" five minutes after you see it, but you'll enjoy it in the moment.
Leads Zach Galifianakis, Owen Wilson, Kristen Wiig and Jason Sudeikis bolster the hit-and-miss story with soulful goofiness.
Jared Hess is at his best when writing his own wacky stories, not when he's forced to strive for lowest-common-denominator laughs - like in Masterminds.
It's often funny, but it never quite hangs together as a coherent movie.
Zach Galifianakis succeeds in making an already ridiculous crime even funnier in this caper comedy from the director of 'Napoleon Dynamite.'
Masterminds doesn't live up to its comedy pedigree. The all-star cast of comedy veterans needed a stronger script to keep the laughs coming.
The movie's appeal boils down to this: do you want to see David consume a dead tarantula that squirts orange goo on first bite? If so, Hess's fascination with icky events will do the trick.
It's not just that the people who populate "Masterminds" are at the mercy of their own bad decisions and worse judgement, it's that they're trapped in a woefully unfunny movie that seems to actively despise them.
Writers Chris Bowman, Hubbel Palmer and Emily Spivey start from facts and let their imaginations run wild.

@highlight

Masterminds ' great cast and stranger-than-fiction true story are largely wasted on a scattershot comedy with a handful of funny moments and far too much wackiness.