[Simon] is an alienated and alienating character, and this chilling character study is near-impossible to love but easy to admire.
Corbet is a major new talent, whose future promise seems without boundaries
The kind of film we'll look back on more fondly after everybody involved has moved on to bigger and better things.
There's a highly engaging dramatic thriller hidden somewhere in this lugubrious, tamped-down Parisian nightmare.
Simon Killer is a sensory, experiential film - more of a state of mind than a straightforward story.
Self-consciousness passing for style.
"Simon Killer" is a beautifully made look at ugliness and brutality, the kind of oxymoronic exercise that fascinates some and repels others.
Not for everyone, in fact generally disrecommended for anyone except those who admired Martha Marcy May Marlene.
... a sexy, edgy character study that slowly draws you into its web even as it unnerves you ... a hybrid of 'The Talented Mr. Ripley" and, for its steamy lovemaking, the X-rated 'Last Tango in Paris.'
Simon Killer is as juvenile as the behaviour of its central character, but thankfully its weaker moments are reasonably scarce and for the most part the film is an interesting, if a little surface level, character study that is difficult to shake off.
Unpleasant, but not negligible.
Another terrific performance from Brady Corbet, but it's in the service of a parade of horrors that never leads anywhere interesting.
Simon Killer leaves you uneasy long before you wonder if Simon will get caught or find a conscience for his crimes, both real and imagined.
Although Brady Corbet is a compelling actor and succeeds at times in capturing an almost boyish charm, he's playing a nasty, unappealing and unredemptive character.
For a horror film, this is unusually subtle and disturbing, rather than all-out scary, quietly profiling a creepy central character in ways that are designed to provoke the audience.
The performances of Brady Corbet as the taciturn American and Mati Diop as the sympathetic prostitute lend the film watchability ...
Brutal, nasty, unflinching. If you like that kind of thing.
An artfully shot, po-faced thriller about an American graduate student going to pieces on an extended break in Paris.
It is brutally raw and difficult watching.
Impressively directed and sharply written, this is a disturbing study in sociopathy with a compelling lead performance from Brady Corbet.
The overall sense of chilly disengagement becomes trying, and there's a last-minute switch that suggests that Campos is trying to have his croissant and eat it.
A refreshing departure from the current glut of slasher movies that make the mistake of thinking more gore can ever replace the feeling of icy dread that you've been played by a madman.
Builds a quiet, creeping sense of menace, with a courageously unsympathetic performance from Corbet at its icy heart.
Black-veined and dark-hearted, this is another persuasive character study from Campos.
The quietly unsettling "Simon Killer" asks us to study its main character, a screwed-up enigma, who can't get out of the way of his own self-destructive tendencies.
The film is frequently masterful, suggesting the turbulent inner state of an American sociopath who believes himself to be a good guy.
A noirish character study of a young American in Paris, "Simon Killer" chillingly combines the classic amoral drifter out of James M. Cain with a very contemporary figure - the overemotional, overeducated, spineless slacker.
Though the film's ice-cold blend of the cerebral and the atavistic can be off-putting, it enables a queasy portrait of moral disengagement that lingers long after Simon has slipped from the screen.
The unusual shooting style and tendency to go to dark and uncomfortable places will undoubtedly lose some along the way, but for the rest, it's a twisted experience that'll undoubtedly leave a mark.
Sort of "An American Psycho's European Vacation," this indie dramatic thriller mixes sex and violence and still winds up dull.
brooding and mesmerizing
Simon Killer eschews easy answers and obvious characterisation and it's all the more impressive because of it.
A relentless and largely unrewarding descent into an ostensibly personal hell.
Alienation, anomie, angst, affectlessness, electropop - Antonio Campos' coolly undemonstrative second feature brings into gradual focus an American (sociopath) in Paris.
An aesthetically fussed-over, feel-bad character study-the ugly American narrative rejiggered for Generation Hipster.
If Simon Killer's tragic drift is predictable, the seedy particulars still engross.
The type of film that makes you ponder long and hard afterwards to appreciate what Antonio Campos was trying to achieve.
Bleakly enigmatic about the motives of its psychotic protagonist, "Simon Killer" gets cozy with one man's pathological rage.
Gripping and unsettling..There is a fly-on-the-wall quality to the scenes that's almost voyeuristic. It creates a sense of floating dread that builds as the film goes on.
The film has many elements of a thriller, but ultimately Antonio Campos's interest lies much more in profiling, yet never over-determining, his moody protagonist.
A sexy, seductive portrayal of one young man's downward spiral into existential Hell on the chilly Parisian streets.
A solid psychological thriller that could remind viewers of Ted Bundy, a cold, calculating psychopath who knew how to succeed with women.
Simon Killer is a film that demands to be taken seriously, and absorbed, rather than watched.
Simon Killer utilizes music better than any other movie I've seen at Sundance, loud and bombastic, half the time we hear sounds as filtered through Simon's iPod earbuds.
This noncommittal technique, relying on a combination of audience projection and unknowable complexity, defies the old-fashioned pleasure of peeling the onion of character psychology, but rewards those willing to read between the lines.
Any American distributor who bothers with this one would be well advised to book it into bondage clubs, where at least half the audience is likely to enjoy pointless, masochistic experiences.
Simon Killer is a difficult, dark ride.
A noir-tinged, noose-tightening ordeal.
Due to the overdone visual trickery from writer/director Antonio Campos, the movie ends up killing itself. And might as well be retitled Simon Suicide.
A brilliantly orchestrated work of cinema in a grimy, 1970s vein.
An unpalatable Franco-American entrée one would like to send back to wherever it came from.
It takes the all-too-common feelings of loneliness and disorientation and shows in disturbing detail how that can shade into madness.
A disturbing, complicated portrait of a young sociopath lost in Paris.


@highlight

Though its bleak themes may be off-putting for some, Simon Killer is an engrossing, effective character study of a brutal, enigmatic figure.