If I wasn't seeing it for work, I would have walked out.
Ellin's movie never once treats Vince as any kind of artist; he's always only a pawn on the Hollywood chessboard. He's a star but not really a character, which makes him very dull to follow. Unlike the stories told in other movies.
... superficial, rather than in the enlightening... [Full review in Spanish]
For fans of the show, even with all of its faults, the movie has many laugh-out-loud scenes and is a guilty pleasure
If you're prepared to sit back and enjoy the limo ride, Entourage is enjoyable on its own terms as entertaining, breezy escapism.
I'm sure devotees of the multiple Emmy-winning show will be delighted to have one last run up and down Sunset Boulevard with film star Vince Chase and his entourage.
I suspect that you would have to be a fan of the show and therefore invested in the characters to care about any of this.
Entourage largely pretends misogyny doesn't exist.
This film feels incredibly fake
The movie was made for diehard fans of the series (you know who you are) and Jeremy Piven does his usual mad dog Ari performance. But, for me, the film was a reminder of how Hollywood remains a boy's club.
Entourage is a very enjoyable, fun time at the cinema, one that feels like a really great half-season of the show.
Entourage delivers laughs and some form of closure for the hardcore fan, but the average filmgoer might find the film way too crowded.
Bros, boobs, and the biz.
There's not much I can say about it, except it demonstrates a staggering lack of creativity -- it plays exactly like an extended episode from the later years of the show.
The glorified series finale really just coasts along for a hundred minutes following a ton of characters you instantly want to see mowed down by a truck...
If you're a fan, it'll feel like a gathering of old friends. And if you're not, maybe start with the TV show.
This is a film that plays up to the vapidity of starry circles and embraces the characters' devil-may-care attitude as an irresponsible dream.
They deliver on their promise to fans, but it's time to stop. Another installment will officially be too much.
The dialogue is funny and the film moves quickly between its various storylines, wisely realising that none of the main characters has much capacity for engagement or development. That's with the possible exception of Piven's Ari.
Entourage is a misguided, crassly-written and painfully unfunny experience that will struggle to appeal even to die-hard fans of the show.
Vince has the killer smile, Turtle drives and looks at girls, E is quieter and Drama is all over the place. Just going along for the ride through Tinseltown and enjoying every minute.
This isn't a knock on the series but it turns out Entourage, the movie, may also be the best episode of Entourage, the TV show.
The result is nearly two hours of the kind of alpha-male self-indulgence I thought went out of style with Ed Hardy T-shirts and Four Loko drinks.
The Entourage movie, which has arrived approximately five years after anyone might care, is like binge-watching a season of the old HBO show, but with more breasts.
A roll-call of cool but meaningless cameos.
All a big-screen version does is help magnify how ironically un-cinematic the whole thing is.
Given the show's niche roots and the movie's ephemerally entertaining wispiness, the elevation of the series looks to be more swan song than rebirth.
I enjoyed spending time with these characters again and if you loved the series, you'll like the movie.
Everyone here is pretty damn horrible.
Something else that grows a little tedious are the excessive amount of cameos featured in the movie.
Four years after Entourage concluded its hugely enjoyable eight-year run on HBO, the characters make a winning return for this feature-length movie.
This movie doesn't really do anything for the Entourage canon. [Full review in Spanish]
The glitzy surface has overtaken any meaning that the show might occasionally have snuck in.
Entourage doesn't satirize Tinseltown's vapid materialism. It embodies it.
A movie that tries to fool the series fanbase into believing this is something they want to see, but it's nothing more than an excuse for a group of friends to share the screen one more time. [Full review in Spanish]
An entertaining movie that fans of the series will enjoy from beginning to end. [Full review in Spanish]
Entourage is the male fantasy of anyone who's ever dreamed of conquering Hollywood. [Full review in Spanish]
The film lacks any sense of self-awareness; no critical sensibility towards Hollywood and there's just the show and its show off actors leading to an embarrassing and immature self-parody. [Full review in Spanish]
It feels like an extended season finale episode. [Full review in Spanish]
A misogynistic, homophobic, miserable paraphrasing of Luis Buñuel's The Exterminating Angel... in a good way. [Full review in Spanish]
If you like the series, you'll like the movie. If you don't, don't even bother. [Full review in Spanish]
Why would you put this in theaters and not release it as an HBO special? [Full review in Spanish]
Entourage has always offered an insight into the inner workings of Hollywood in a way that's both vacuous and absurd, sometimes missing the mark but also often uproariously funny, however inappropriate the jokes. The film is just the same.
Filled with cameos (some of them quite bizarre), this film is more of a celebration of the Entourage series rather than a continuation of it.
... shows that perhaps the material works better in 30-minute intervals than at feature length.
Fans will... enjoy the glossy escapism of the boys' hedonistic escapades and the breezy banter.
A vapid male fantasy scantily clad as a movie, this macho soap-opera is all about cocks and gawks. A fantasy-lifestyle-league Super Bore for Hollywood's coveted male-20-something demographic, all bloated up for the big screen.
Picking up where the series left off...
Both shameless and shamelessly entertaining, this relentlessly boyish movie carries on exactly as the TV show left off after its eight-season run.
Compared to this, Sex and the City 2 looks like an art film in which earnest radicals read from the works of Karl Marx and Andrea Dworkin.
While "Entourage" makes no bones about its intent to please its built-in audience, it has just enough mindless pleasures to cross over as well.
I believe Confucius once said: a change in aspect ratio does not a movie make.
This reunion brings a smile to your face.
If you're up for bro-ing down, have I got a movie for you.
Those familiar with the various seasons of the show will find all of what they see to be reassuringly familiar and fun.
True bromance is a beautiful thing. Alas, we're here to talk about Entourage.
As a slice of slick male wish fulfilment, bow-wrapped with a G-string and served with an extra helping of hedonism, it's everything fans of the show could've hoped for.
Mercifully this isn't as bad as the brain-meltingly awful Sex and the City 2, but expanded to the big screen Entourage feels more featherlight and throwaway than ever.
This Entourage isn't decent company at all.
It's about as lightweight a movie as you can imagine, but fans of the show will love this last bid for stardom from TV's favourite hangers-on.
Entourage is feeble, and the big screen magnifies its unselfconscious obnoxiousness.
In its own shameless, unreconstructed way, the film version is sometimes very funny. It is also crude and relentlessly chauvinistic.
This is so rank, such braying, witless drivel...
We'd say it was just for the fans. But not even. What are you doing with these losers, Ronda?
Epically vapid, but possibly in a self-knowing way which, alas, does little to make it feel like a better movie.
After eight successful if downward-spiralling seasons, the concept hasn't just run completely dry. In Doug Ellin's feature-length spin-off, it feels starkly and cynically exposed.
Entourage isn't a binge watch, it's a purge watch.
Something is really wrong when (Haley Joel) Osment turns in the best performance in any movie these days.
Hollywood does kinda make sense now: it's a neverending frat party of talentless rich b*stards.
Neither a Medellin-style disaster nor an Aquaman-sized hit, this pays decent fan service but an Ari-centric spinoff might have been the smarter move.
For once, more of the same is no criticism: it's exactly what fans of the show would want, even if newcomers will be left unmoved.
It's a fun ride and fans of the show will want to keep coming back for more.
If you've never seen the show, check out the flick then have fun on HBO Go. Oh yeah.
These guys learn nothing, they don't change, they have no arc and they are never truly challenged.
Simply put, if you have enjoyed the HBO TV series 'Entourage,' then you're sure to enjoy the movie of the same name. If you weren't a fan of the original series - and I wasn't - then there's no reason you should see this
The storylines within it are no more ambitious than anything attempted on the show, and some of them are simply lazy, boring and fatuous.
Jeremy Piven is great; the plot and other performers not so much.
Entourage, in the end, is an unfunny schlong-a-thon fashioned by a crude purveyor of infantile sexual impulses with a fear of formidable, astute women.
Vintage Vince and company having tons of testosterone-fueled fun whether being titillated by bimbos or just roaming aimlessly around L.A. in a classic convertible.
If you were a fan of the TV show will you be disappointed? Probably not. It's nice to have Ari, Vince and the gang back even if at nearly two hours this ENTOURAGE feels a bit like forced binge watching.
In its little way, it's like a creampuff version of Robert Altman's The Player, set in that world, but also very much a product of it.
In a slasher flick, Drama is the type of character who would be the first to go; in a crime movie, he would be the snitch who gets garroted by Ray Liotta. Here, he's basically the glorious hero, the Indiana Jones of a-holes, the Luke Skywalker of d-bags.
There's precious little effort made to adapt a Hollywood that is evolving away from the era when bros would be bros and women existed mainly to stand around in tiny bikinis.
When that great scorekeeper in the sky comes to write of the awful films of 2015, Entourage will be near the top of the list.
Entourage is certainly satisfactory viewing for anyone who enjoyed the show. But let's keep it real: the movie will play better and more naturally on HBO than it does in a cinema.
It lacks the will, mandate, and talent even to attempt filmed entertainment.
My own complicated, conflicted, and guiltily pleasurable relationship with Entourage wrapped up this week. There might be other movies, but I've moved on. Send me a postcard from the 20th anniversary, maybe.
This slick doodle of a movie is nothing so much as an advertisement for itself.
If Entourage has any message about the superficiality of the movie industry, it would be, "Hell yeah, we're all for it."
There's nothing wrong with a film for the fans, unless you're not one.
Sex and the City for men. Drama and Gold are the real stars.
For everyone else, this pack of bratty wolves crying to moon about their rich white male problems is just annoying enough to call to animal control. Someone let the dogs out in Beverly Hills.
Once again, nothing happens, just for longer.
There are plenty of inside jokes that's amusing and the film moves at a good beat, so fans will enjoy it but others may wonder why they came if they hadn't seen the series.
Follow-up to bromantic HBO series is just as mature.
As a satire of the movie industry, Entourage is Hollywood Lite.
Like an R-rated, 100-minute Viagra commercial shot inside a VIP strip club operated by light-depraved leprechauns.
...proves that what might work on the small screen over time, seems cheap and even desperate in a darkened theater.
A poorly plotted, cameo-encrusted dawdle that smells too-much like a Johnny-come-lately cash grab. It lacks direction, satirical bite and laughs. Far worse, too much of it won't make any sense, especially to Entourage fans.
No effort is made to engage new fans. In fact, there's no real effort to make this anything more than a super-long episode of the series.
[W]hile it's not very theatrical & doesn't cover new ground & focuses on a group of guy friends partying & trying to have sex & party hard, it succeeds well enough at being "Entourage" to make it watchable and entertaining most of the time.
If you're a fan of the TV series, I hope you have a ball... If you're not a fan of the TV series, then run! Run like the wind until you find something worthy of your precious time!
It's bonkers. It's fun. And it's all for the fans.
Perhaps by counting the stars, audiences won't count the number of times they actually laugh during "Entourage" - though that number is far smaller.
Fans should find a certain satisfaction in the film's closing scenes at the Golden Globes. But others will be appalled by the film's casual misogyny and other retro attitudes.
After a while, you expect a tale of the movie business to tell you something about the movies as well as the business, but Ellin and company have never had anything to say about that.
Scenes go on too long, jokes land with a thud, cameos are pointless rather than witty, and, oh yeah, we are reminded that Chase is actually that eternal actor stereotype: an incredibly dull, good-looking guy with a huge head.
Devoted fans of the series may find themselves comforted by the presence of old friends, but Vince and his troupe are very unlikely to make new ones.
Although its big screen debut touches slightly on the politics of Tinsel Town and its slush funds, Ellin's lack of ambition ultimately does the franchise, and its fans a disservice.
It's a bro-mage to itself.
We've seen it all before and what was forgiven on the small screen is glaringly apparent and impossible to overlook in the film.
Was there a crying need for a film version of Entourage? Hardly. But the movie is still a tribute to Piven's iconic performance as Ari Gold, a devil you can love.
Entourage has long promoted the idea that 'this is how dudes really talk!' and yet feels like it was written by an alien who learned about dudes from back issues of Esquire.
A lazily entertaining (if unmemorable) movie about a novice director trying to succeed with his pals in the movie industry.
When handed a multi-million dollar budget, a widescreen frame, and a collection of famous-to-infamous people, one expects a bigger, badder, more invested effort than what's delivered here.
There are barely as many laughs in its slack 104 minutes as in the average 30-minute episode.
Like the earliest seasons of the show, this comedy celebrates Hollywood excess while mocking the industry. If you liked the show, you're in for a treat.
A breezy romp about Hollywood and the movie business, Entourage is plain, unadulterated fun, never taking itself too seriously as it trips over issues of ego, money, power and success
A disgrace. Every viewer will know more about the inner workings of Hollywood than the guys who made this bore. Stale, dated, and dull - except for Ronda Rousey.
There are some amusing moments but, like the TV series, Entourage is more interested in getting chuckles than guffaws. Maybe we should be thankful - at least the comedy isn't embarrassingly over-the-top.
Entourage simply cannot sustain its storyline or its characters within a cinematic framework...At best you can think of this as an epilogue to the show, a "very special episode" where we get to spend some time with characters you've grown to know
...not a film so much as it is a shrugging "Sure, why the hell not?" afterthought of a media brand extension.
The endless list of cameos including Tom Brady, Russell Wilson and Liam Neeson serve well enough as brief amusement, though most are so brief or lazily shoehorned in, that they linger for the viewer more as missed opportunities than appreciated effort.
You may not have missed them, but Vinnie, E, Turtle and Drama are back, as empty and self-centered as ever, in the aimless, vapid Entourage movie.
If you liked the HBO show, you're going to like what writer/director Doug Ellin puts on the big screen.
The jaunty style of a hit TV series has been replaced by huge spasms of false energy and a sense of barely concealed flop sweat.
There is nothing remotely different about this film; it simply feels like a two-hour episode.
If it's just fan service, meant to give the show's viewers another 104 minutes with their beloved crew, well, I guess it's good at that. But it's bad at being a movie.
Entourage: The Movie arrives in theaters offering too little, way too late, for anyone but the die-hard fans to enjoy it.
Quite possibly the best thing about 'Entourage' is the opening credits.
Everyone who stars here is so comfortable in the skin of these shallow characters, that the film glides with a confidence many other Hollywood comedies wish they had. (Full Content Review - Sex, Profanity, Violence, etc. - for Parents also available)
The boys don't need to hug it out to prove that the love is still there.
To like Entrouage is to embrace its solipsistic bubbleworld, in which everyone is rich and fulfilled and their only problems are fleeting worries.
The film is stuck in the inconsequential rut of the series. The characters are static, and the comedy is situational rather than dramatic.
The movie has none of the fizz of the earliest of the series' eight seasons, and watching it summons that vague blank familiarity of discovering a show you used to watch is unexpectedly still on the air.
A solidly entertaining summer comedy.
Let sleeping bros lie.
At least five years late and a few million brain cells short.
There is some good, silly fun, and seeing Piven go nuts is so delightful it is disappointing this film has him working on his anger management.
The same celebrity worshipping narcissism and sexual objectification that made the TV series a hit for HBO.
It is escapism, and entertaining when we get to go along for the ride, no matter how ridiculous and over-the-top.
Just loud, boorish frat-boy wish-fulfilmment stuff, festooned with wink-wink celebrity cameos.
Whatever purpose Vince's entourage might have served 10 years ago has long been buried for good in the Hollywood Forever Cemetery. This isn't a commentary on Tinseltown, but a tepid bachelor party.
Smartly sticking to the winning formula that (mostly) kept fans entertained for eight solid seasons, this is a fitting hilarious curtain call for the beloved HBO series.
Marketers will reaffirm that this "is one for the fans," and it certainly is warmly familiar (and, yes, this three-star review is unashamedly seen through the rose-coloured glasses of a fanatic).
If ever there was a movie equivalent of dad bod, Entourage is it.
It's a shame none of the women develop past sketches of angry girlfriends and no-name one-night-stands. Sexist, sure, but also a failure of imagination.
Did this overstuffed quality of "Entourage," its KFC Double Down too-much-is-not-enough-ness, ultimately work on me? Absolutely not.
Put it this way: Gary Busey is in the movie. You'll forget it faster than he does.
It's essentially another season of "Entourage" crammed into a little less than two hours.
On that vicarious-pleasure level, the movie version delivers. Yet for anyone with a sense of irony or social justice, it's also frustratingly soft around the edges.
As he did in the show, Ari single-handedly saves the movie version of Entourage from "Medellin"-scale disaster.
To Ellin's credit, Entourage looks good and has liberal amounts of flash. But it is a fly trapped in amber, celebrating excess and male privilege in a sexist way that feels very old and decidedly out of step with the 2015 world.
The big-screen version of Entourage is constructed like the series, another chapter in a sequel-ready story. If you wanted something more, you won't get it. But you will get this, and if it does well, likely more of it.
The dramatic arc of the plot mirrors a heart monitor that has flat-lined...
Boys will be boys. You were expecting Shakespeare, maybe?
It's consistently entertaining and with its amped up gloss plays surprisingly well on the big screen. The only real problem with "Entourage" is that it's weakened as a standalone film.
Will satisfy its built-in audience while leaving the uninitiated sufficiently amused-even if they don't get every in-joke.
It's like catching up with an old friend and remembering why you don't hang out with him anymore: He's stuck in a rut and he has nothing new to say.
Entourage plays like a solid, if slightly too long, episode. But even given the bloat, the cast's easy camaraderie and a "play it as it lays" atmosphere wins you over.
The overarching mood is self-congratulation, which no doubt helps the sugary medicine of lifestyle fantasy go down.
Hard to recommend a product when you can buy a whole season of the series for less than the price of a movie ticket.
All the familiar characters are there, along with ostentatious mansions, convertible Ferraris, Los Angeles landmarks and those topless women. It's a celebration of idealized consumption, presented without criticism.
There are traces of what made the TV series entertaining, but not enough to sustain a movie.
"Entourage"merrily skips over whole chunks of vital narrative in order to give it a glossy Hollywood ending, the kind that would seem forced, well, even in the movies.
As always, it falls on Jeremy Piven's big-hearted menace, Ari Gold, to be the defibrillator amidst all the lifeless recliner action.
I live in L.A.; if I want to see dumb dudes who don't deserve success enjoy being rich, I don't have to go to the movies, I can just go to brunch. And frankly, my going to brunch would have more conflict than Entourage.
It's merely a continuation and not an expansion of what has gone before.
We're supposed to hate the villain for being a douchebag luxuriating in unearned wealth, as if Entourage's entire history wasn't synonymous with douchebags luxuriating in unearned wealth
None of Entourage amounts to much of anything, other than an insincere family-first message and the umpteenth pressing of the reset button.
It is Piven who is the Gorilla Glue that holds this whole enterprise together. Without Piven's creative insanity, Entourage would not work this well again.
I didn't even know I'd missed the Entourage posse until they got back together. I'm still trying to wipe that smile off my face.
These characters represent the most repellant clichés of male friendship, where guys can only relate to each other through a discourse of casual misogyny and female conquest.
Entourage is just a Hell of a good time, and makes you feel like you're hanging out with the guys.
While it's not without laughs, Entourage has turned into the same vapid Hollywood beast that the show once satirically mocked.
You could accuse it of glamorizing the shallow hedonism it depicts, but that charge would only stick if the movie had any genuine flair, romance or imagination.
'Sadly, all good parties must come to an end'...and this bromance is a bust.
Really only worth watching if you're a hardcore fan of the show.
Plays like a vapid spoof of its old self, at once ceaselessly middling, painfully contrived, and so over-the-top that it feels less like a fleet-footed exposé of Hollywood culture and more like a lame extended episode of "The Twilight Zone."
An almost perfect recreation of the HBO series - just a little bigger, longer and more desperate to justify its existence.
Devoted fans of the HBO series (2004-2011) will find it passably engaging, and newcomers will likely stare at the inside-Hollywood tropes and panic attacks the way Nipper the RCA dog stared at the Victrola.
Four years after its eight seasons as an HBO series, "Entourage" is back as a feature film, and the first thing that needs to be said is that you don't have to know the show to enjoy the movie.
Like its pay-cable inspiration, Entourage remains stubbornly, defiantly low-stakes.
For a show that was all about seizing your moment, it may have missed its own.
It is ridiculously, maddeningly short on conflict, a slack hour-and-a-half story about how the awesome lives of its five main characters get even awesomer.
Entourage will be beloved by devotees, while newbies won't understand what all the fuss is about.
In 2015, however, bros only come before hos alphabetically, and what once felt like an innocent tale of wish fulfillment now plays like the masturbatory fantasy of a men's-rights activist.
The reason Entourage survived for eight seasons was the amazing chemistry between the cast, and it's great to see the whole gang back together again.
The film's twitchy ADHD pacing hardly matters since we're in such good company.
You will either be seeing Entourage or you won't be seeing Entourage. There's nothing that anybody can do about that fact one way or another.
At no point does anyone involved with the film ever take this too seriously, and as long as one takes it in the same spirit, it's perfectly enjoyable.
From its look to its episodic rhythm, the movie plays like a compressed Season 9 - a season that has its moments but wouldn't rank among the show's finest.
A film that keeps its audience at a distance, never surprising them at all narratively and barely moving the needle for its characters. It is fan fiction in film form.
Trying to wring laughs from the nauseating sex-and-stardom exploits of fictional Tinseltown A-lister Vincent Chase, "Entourage" consistently comes across as sour, shallow and misogynistic.
It's Entourage Season 9, but you have to pay $15 to bingewatch it in a movie theater.
Everyone deserves a movie, even bros, and when it comes to the type of old school-style young male who feels threatened by women who are funny and gays getting married, this is the movie for them.
What might have been the chance to explore fractures that could emerge as money, fame and time complicate old bonds often just becomes Cameo: The Movie.
Re-wraps up things that the TV show already wrapped up in a nice, dull bow.
If you're a fan of the show, you should be thrilled by how Doug Ellin has expanded what worked so well on the show.
Piven's Ari is so over-the-top in his narcissism and megalomania that he's fun to watch, but the other lead characters are the kind of bros who should be having drinks thrown in their faces on a regular basis.
Vince still has no arc. He doesn't have to do anything. The whole movie happens around him, just like the show always did. E and Ari just have to convince everyone how great Vince is. Again.

@highlight

Entourage retains many elements of the HBO series, but feels less like a film than a particularly shallow, cameo-studded extended episode of the show.