Overall, Bears holds a crossover appeal that should provide legitimate entertainment for the whole family. It's a fantastic documentary of the beautiful world we live in and some of the incredible creatures that live in it.
I'm not suggesting that every nature film narrator should sound like David Attenborough, but John C. Reilly really seems an odd choice.
Not without its contrivances as it caters to younger audiences, "Bears" is a nonetheless earnest, adorable real-life adventure.
With its touching story, beautiful scenery, and stunning camerawork, "Bears" becomes another worthwhile documentary in the Disneynature library.
constructs a compelling narrative out of what must have been an enormous amount of footage, focusing on the age-old trope of the journey to give the bears' plight for survival a sense of sincere thematic heft
"And luckily, the movie does gets out of its own way (eventually) and tells a somewhat engaging, 'true-life' nature tale."
aimed to be child-friendly and soft pedals some of the harsher realities of bear life
A visual experience through and through, one that offers eye-popping delights at every turn.
Much as I tried to avoid it, it was sometimes difficult to keep Werner Herzog's voice from creeping in over John C. Reilly's narration.
Although bears most certainly can be adorable creatures, 'Bears,' the latest Disney documentary to celebrate Earth Day, turns the cuteness level up a bit too high.
Nature movie fans will enjoy seeing the incredible cinematography of these magnificent creatures in the wild.
Sincere and unexpectedly good, the film happily reintroduces another element of classic kids' movies: a tidy 77-minute run time.
Engrossing and engaging - and the closing credits reveal behind-the-scenes glimpses of filming in the wild.
Huge bears, cute bears, stunning vistas and an age-old story of survival, the G-rated "Bears" is fine entertainment for families and animal lovers.
What's amazing about the documentary, though, is that it's oftentimes just as engaging as the Disney bears that play in jug bands or crave ooey-gooey honey.
Some tense moments in Disney's nature documentary.
A wondrous experience for cubs and mama bears alike.
A barely bearable bear nature flick. Great cinematography. Boring story & script.
So much about Bears is awesome in the classic sense of the word.
You gotta give paying audiences -- especially strapped family audiences -- more than this.(Full Content Review for Parents also Available)
"Bears" could have used a lot more science; more substantive information in the place of wacky one-liners. Still, the images trump everything.
Bonus points for all but eliminating the easy scatological humor. Does a bear (poop) in the woods? You won't find out watching "Bears."
There are grittier nature documentaries out there, but "Bears" is simple and effective, and delivered with that friendly Disney touch. Its intent is to make you say, "awww," and it does its job well.
All this is heartwarming, in a bloody, ursine-centric way.
When focused on nature, Bears is breathtaking.
With gorgeous cinematography and playful narration from John C. Reilly, it's a Goldilocks film -- one that will juuust right for mamma bears, papa bears and baby bears alike.
Despite the bracing beauty of the wilderness, and the respite provided by cubs at play, the movie is primarily a sobering treatise on survival.
John C. Reilly's friendly, Midwestern tone seems well-suited to the subject matter, as well as the whole genre, but it's the incredible pictures that make this movie stand so tall, and with so much power.
The result is an upbeat and frankly gorgeous nature documentary.
The "nature" aspects of Bears are undercut by the need to turn this into a live-action Disney cartoon, complete with cuddly heroes and nasty villains.
The devotion and persistence of these animals is a powerful reminder that family connections link all species. With this peek into their world, we are more aware of our own.
If the sight of bear cubs prancing through wildflowers doesn't make you smile, then you probably won't like the new Disneynature documentary Bears. You also probably aren't human.
The movie reduces magnificent, savage animals to the dimensions of a squabbling but loyal human family.
As with all of Disneynature's features, there's astonishing documentary work on display in "Bears" - but a leaner, less conspicuously structured view of the wild might have had even greater impact.
An enjoyable and visually stunning romp through the scenic Alaskan wilderness with a small family of bears.
If you want to teach your kid about bears, there's probably a better PBS program you can find somewhere.
Bears, the latest of Disney's Earth Day releases, might not win any awards, but it has the bare necessities of any terrific nature-doc: stunning images, arresting voice-over and a powerful story of survival.
As with Fothergill's previous nature documentaries, "Bears" is a story of triumph and family.
The astounding footage of a mother bear and two cubs fishing, fighting and hanging tough through a challenging year of foraging transcends the folksy narration.
Whether adventurous Scout is getting his claw stuck in a clam or the fuzzball siblings are riding on the back of their mom as she fords a river, the movie is crammed with memorable images.
Amid its heaping serving of cuddliness ... the film doesn't sugarcoat the harsh reality and unforgiving elements with which the bears have to contend.
The Disneynature movies shouldn't be mistaken for traditional documentary, but if they act as a gateway drug for young children to learn more about the animal kingdom, then the films are serving a real purpose.
A formulaically entertaining combination of gorgeous cinematography and unapologetic anthropomorphization.
Don't look for Disneynature's "Salmon" anytime soon.
A delightful portrait of a year in the lives of a family of brown bears.
True to its Disney lineage, Bears is a theme-park version of reality, but one built on sincere understanding of and affection for the natural world and all its creatures-especially the really cute ones.
Although Bears doesn't have a stated green message, it's hard to see the majestic natural beauty presented onscreen and not feel stewardship urges.
There's only so much editing can do to make a bear story seem like a human one, and the filmmakers (Alastair Fothergill and Keith Scholey directed) also go to unfortunate lengths to give human characteristics like laziness to the bears.
The movie is so slick, so well-crafted and so beautiful, it's easy to forget that it was essentially made out of found footage.
Bears works very well as an emotional story of survival and family. But at 77-minutes, it felt a little overlong.
Bears is entertaining, suitably suspenseful, and amusing, boosted by Reilly's enthusiasm and the natural appeal of its stars.
a sweet, breezy nature film that the entire family can enjoy
It may be rated G, but for the most part this is serious stuff, as potentially traumatic for younger viewers as the death of Bambi's mother.
The best thing Disney does with its theme park millions is put them into these beautiful, kid-friendly nature documentaries
Another typically engaging, vividly shot entry in the successful Disney wildlife series.
Surely some of the film's various incidents have been creatively stitched together from stray bits and pieces of footage, but its central conflict is an entirely organic one, and rarely is any offscreen string pulling distractingly evident.
Co-directors Alastair Fothergill and Keith Scholey's stirringly captured movie unlocks a sincere sense of awe and reverence within viewers' hearts, even as it frustrates an audience looking for a bit more.

@highlight

Sweet, beautifully filmed, and admirably short on sugarcoating, Bears continues Disneynature's winning streak.