Arnold's script and camera close in and tear apart ideas of the poor, youth, and what makes a good man.
... a film whose originality and reflection of reality, as well as absolute rawness will leave you with a bittersweet taste in your mouth. [Full review in Spanish]
[Andrea] Arnold has a knack for subtle details but also for portraying female characters whose natural warmth and energy have been muted by trauma or social isolation.
Fish Tank is a very strong effort at every level, and should signal great things to come for all involved. Bloody good movie.
The film becomes a caricature of arthouse miserabilism, which asserts that the only truths are the ugly ones.
The film is remarkable for its depth. It's not drilling in a message about the hopelessness of poverty, nor is it stylising the lifestyle of those living on council estates.
Reveals the incidental arrival of the first trickles of emerging maturity.
Plenty of films have presented us with the Angry Young Man but not so many with the Angry Young Woman ...Andrea Arnold does her bit to help correct this imbalance with Fish Tank...
Stark, powerful drama for older teens and adults.
Mia is not treated like an overly clever ingénue (as in An Education) or as a pious, almost impossibly well-adjusted soul (as in Precious) or worse, as Bella Swan.
( ... ) Fish Tank feels more fluid, more passionate than other recent English films about the wretched working classes.
Fish Tank may begin as a patch of lower-class chaos, but it turns into a commanding, emotionally satisfying movie, comparable to such youth-in-trouble classics as The 400 Blows.
The film's rough patches are ... considerably smoothed over by its performers.
A bold new entry in the long-standing British tradition of disquieting social realism.
Performances are excellent but this is an exceptionally grim experience.
Andrea Arnold seems to be trying hard to emulate the hard edged work of her English realist masters, but she is selfish and uncaring about her audience
It's a tough film and while the ground covered does not bring any surprises, the journey we take is filled with gritty realism and the outcomes realistic
One of the best British films of recent years, Fish Tank marks a leap forward from Arnold's first feature, the contrived Red Road.
Arnold is still a director to watch: the film is fragile, and not faultless: but while Streetdance 3D is raging uptown, do take a look at this one to understand, among other things, how very personal and expressive dance can be for the young.
Not finely polished like a big budget film, Fish Tank's ability to connect with audiences is reflected in the multiple awards the film, its director and its star have received.
A well shot and uniformly well acted film which draws the audience in by an increasingly tense and dramatic narrative.
It's an absolute credit to her that she is able to evoke sympathy and empathy for such a prickly and volatile screen character.
Arnold achieves an utterly mesmerising pas de trois.
The profound essence of British cinema's roots in social realism is taken to another level in Andrea Arnold's chest-tightening Fish Tank, a coming-of-age drama of searing immediacy and heart-breaking intimacy.
The realism gets cramped with pat contrivances.
Watching the film twists a knot in your gut, but "Fish Tank" moves to an ending that feels both satisfying and natural.
Much of what goes on here is seriously disturbing. Be thankful, then, for non-actress Jarvis' mesmerizing performance.
There's an uneasy ambiguity about the film which American audiences used to the conventions of romantic comedies and/or cautionary dramas are likely to reject
A cockney Precious with the volume turned down...
Fish Tank is filled with careful images that encourage us to look past the bleak surface of Mia's life and see the potential and beauty beneath it.
The characters are guarded, and as we come to understand them scene by scene, they become ever harder to sort into convenient categories of hero and villain.
It's Jarvis, in her first movie appearance, who commands the screen as Mia, providing a window into the mind of a girl facing adulthood.
The one really compelling reason to see it is the startlingly vivid performance of Katie Jarvis, a newcomer.
[M]arvelously disturbing... There is nothing but unrefined authenticity on display here, in yet another astonishing example of the new British cinematic realism...
Writer-director Andrea Arnold, working in British lower-class realism, still finds wondrous moments of connection in Mia's life.
Writer-director Andrea Arnold has created something so real and raw, you may come away with a twinge of guilty voyeurism, a sense of peering too closely and impolitely into other people's lives.
Fish Tank isn't an easy watch - it's like two hours of ache - but there are rich rewards to be had in the many ways Arnold and her terrific team rend us to and fro.
It's not nearly the film that Red Road was, but it forces us to continue to watch its creator with a keen eye.
Katie Jarvis has a natural presence that matches the unsentimental minimalism of the film.
Comes off like Mike Leigh minus the humor and human insight
[A] miraculous study of adolescence... putting honest, raw, pained humanity before our eyes without apology.
Andrea Arnold is too skilled not to surprise you with the unexpectedly graceful moment, and she has a feel for the downtrodden milieu she loves exploring.
The film swims in an anguish not solely the result of Mia's coming of age -- and yet, it surfaces for air in ways compelling and uncompromising.
In the film's dark final third, it's as if we've entered a waking nightmare, with stop-and-start rhythms as Mia takes one wrong step after another.
Arnold nous propose une mise en scène sans fioriture, mais tout de même extrêmement vivante et directe.
There's something ferocious and brave about Mia that makes her very winning.
Fish Tank, which won the 2009 Jury Prize in Cannes, has moments when Mia's tribulations really hit home.
To the script's credit, when the climax comes it feels inevitable yet surprising too -- that ideal combination.
In a year less crowded with new young talent, Katie Jarvis might now be getting fittings for her Oscar nomination dress.
Fish Tank digs around in its protagonist's psyche, unafraid to explore. It's oppressive and claustrophobic, confused and scary in there. But it's also compellingly real.
Watching Fish Tank is, as the title implies, like gazing through the glass of an aquarium at the lives of those trapped within, whose only chance of escape would seem to be through death and the indignity of being flushed down a toilet.
In many ways, this is the ugly, lumpen version of last year's An Education, which has many similar story elements.
Unfolds as a conventional coming-of-age story, yet Andrea Arnold hasn't altered her persuasively jaundiced view of men, who seem as pitifully helpless against their horndog urges as the women foolish enough to care for them.
Isn't that what we mostly go to the movies to see when we pay to see drama? Stories that touch our hearts and minds in a relatable way and in doing so achieve greatness? Fish Tank is a great movie.
Jarvis, whom the director reportedly discovered at an Essex train station, is nothing less than a revelation in a performance that is tender, spiky and utterly fearless in its physical and emotional range.
A remarkable downer-upper paradox: a bruising tale of teenage resilience, honest and emotionally complicated and alive.
A step up from Step Up.
Arnold sees everything through Mia's eyes and never steps outside to explain things from any other point of view. She knows who the young girl is, and we are left to assume.
In the starring role, first-timer [Katie] Jarvis could not be improved upon. She's the ideal synthesis of adolescent desire and contempt.
Fish Tank could easily have turned into a maudlin and overly heart-wrenching tale, but it's gritty and tough instead, just like its heroine.
The brilliant power of the film comes from the gritty reality Arnold creates.
As it stands, Fish Tank is a valuable movie, though it aspires to a social insight it doesn't attain and a psychological penetration it won't maintain.
Jarvis' debut performance is a bracingly authentic revelation. She was discovered by filmmakers in a train station as she fought with her boyfriend, and brings just the right blend of feisty forcefulness and awkward tenderness to the part.
With a bare minimum of dialogue - none of which I can print - Arnold establishes Mia's barren environment and the hope and fury that war beneath the surface of the girl's skin.
No one escapes untainted, but thanks to Arnold's lucid, edgy, detached naturalistic style, no one watching can escape feeling both empathy and uneasiness.
This is disturbing stuff, [but] unexpectedly hopeful in its outlook.
Fish Tank is a coming-of-age story for Mia, who will at least have a shot at happiness, and a coming-into-mastery story for the writer-director, Ms. Arnold, whose prospects seem limitless.
With "Fish Tank," [Andrea Arnold]'s made her best film so far, and in the process, reinforced just how glad I am I didn't have any daughters.
Andrea Arnold's follow-up to her excellent debut feature Red Road is just as mysterious and powerful; it's like a lower-class version of An Education but far more effective.
A terrific debut performance by Katie Jarvis, solid support from her veteran co-stars, good production and direction and a well-crafted story make this a worthwhile, mature and engrossing film.
Katie Jarvis is achingly good. Fish Tank is unremittingly bleak, but somehow, allows room for hope.
An intense film about the messy coming-of-age misadventures of an angry and unhappy English working-class teenager.
Andrea Arnold puts all her eggs in one basket in this film and the thin storyline fails to carry the day.
An emotionally devastating, well-shop and captivating coming-of-age drama boasting a brave and raw performance by the radiant Katie Jarvis.
Katie Jarvis, who plays the 15-year-old Mia, was discovered in a provincial train station after having an argument with her boyfriend. She's never acted before, but she carries every scene in "Fish Tank" with startling confidence.
The film's moments of clunkiness are worth overlooking given its strength when Fish Tank stops trying to deliver a message and instead listens to its characters.
The contradictions of adolescence have rarely been conveyed with such authenticity and force.
Fish Tank is grim, to be sure, but it leaves us with a feeling of hopefulness.
While it's not exactly fun watching this unloved young girl inflict suffering on herself and others, it is totally compelling.
How moved you are by the hidden grace of getting by in the gutter probably will depend how well you tolerate a poignant/laughable late scene of mother and daughter coming to terms by dancing together to Nas.
The film has won a theater full of awards overseas, including Outstanding British Film at the BAFTA Film Awards and the Jury Prize at Cannes. Fish Tank deserves to do equally as well on this side of the pond.
The working-class British context sets up expectations for a stern dose of Loach-style social realism but Fish Tank is more stylized than Red Ken would generally tolerate. It might be fairer to consider it a rawer cousin to the MTV Cribs.
One of the best films of the year.
Fish Tank walks well-trod ground, but it's still riveting from start to finish.
Instead of shutting down the film's meaning, the sex scenes open it up -- a gambit that will no doubt offend some viewers with its unsentimental candor.
Katie Jarvis, 18, hits you like a shot in the heart with her sensational breakout performance. And cheers to director Andrea Arnold, who flies on her own unerring instincts.
Writer/director Andrea Arnold ("Red Road") returns with another British drama played out in an institutional living space featuring suspect sexual urges, child endangerment and voyeurism...
A disappointing sophomore effort for [Andrea] Arnold, who demonstrated a flair for unpredictable, atmospheric filmmaking with Red Road.
The movie is unusually sensitive to the ways young people pick up their cues on how to act like adults, and how awkwardly they practice what they've learned.
sends a deep chill down the spine
Trouble in Cockneyland!
It's a pungent display of teenage life, but Fish Tank achieves sublime emotional candor, gripping tightly with an electric cinematic hold. It makes the unthinkable captivating.
'Fish Tank' has a spontaneous quality -- but it also, unfortunately, leaves us with a sense that things which matter are going nowhere.
In freeing her young star's physicality in Fish Tank, Arnold also demonstrates one way a girl might learn to swim up and out.
This knee-jerk pathos is a reflex from both America's Reagan-era hip-hop and England's Thatcher-era miserabilist pop. Call it Automatic Pity.
I'm telling you here and now to seek out Fish Tank, either at a big-city theater or via VOD, because it's absolute dynamite.
The British director's filmmaking style is precise and concise, as tight and lean as her teenage heroine.
Ms. Arnold's chief talent is the way she makes us understand and even sympathize with both their flaws and attributes. The people in Fish Tank are neither good nor bad, but merely human, with elements of both.
The movie turns stiff and pat, leaving us manipulated by Arnold's desire to give her hapless heroine the worst life she can think of, followed by a great escape.
Confirms beyond a shadow of a doubt that Andrea Arnold's previous film Red Road was no fluke.
The final scenes have a transcendent mixture of hope and sadness. I've never seen anything like Mia's final dance, or the leave-taking with her little sister that follows.
The second feature of the gifted Andrea Arnold is a powerful portrait of a girl's nascent, troubled sexuality, well acted by Kate Jarvis.
It works because of the immediacy of Andrea Arnold's filmmaking and the jittery vitality of the central performance by a young actress named Katie Jarvis.
Arnold is able to strip away artifice from her material by allowing her actors' behaviors to take center-stage.
full review at Movies for the Masses
Every scene is visually striking. More importantly, there's not a line of dialogue or performance that feels false.
Think of this as "Precious: The White Sequel"
Fish Tank is a forceful, deeply depressing movie, less enjoyable than Arnold's Red Road, but not quite as pessimistic.
Fish Tank feels electrifyingly bold. And yet, taken as a whole, it's frustrating.
A vivid portrayal of life at society's margins with a compelling turn from newcomer Jarvis. Little wonder it scored at Cannes.
A quietly intense, strikingly shot coming-of-age drama, Fish Tank establishes Andrea Arnold as a lyrical chronicler of marginalised Britain.
Arnold draws flawless performances from her cast while making exemplary choices with her camera.
Arnold works wonders almost everywhere in this film: the drip-drop drabness of kitchen-sink drama is stilled, alive, and newly dangerous.
A lean, empathetic and dramatically credible portrait of desperation and desire on the cider-splashed streets of adolescence.
The strength of the script and the direction throughout is surpassed by the skill of all the lead performers, and especially Jarvis, who elevates what would have been a good film to something very special indeed.
Jarvis is the discovery of the year, while Arnold has just stepped up into the same league as those masters of kitchen sink classics, Ken Loach and Alan Clarke.
A powerful, poignant and beautiful film, Arnold crafts Brit realism at its best
The film gains everything when it takes on the trappings of a thriller. As the teenager takes the fight to suburbia, there is a shocking sense of spatial transgression.
There are moments of athletic grace, as Mia dances in an abandoned flat to her Discman; and a closing image, of a floating heart balloon, which does little to dispel the sense of emotional agoraphobia which has spooled out over the previous two hours.
Fish Tank is full of surprises, twisting and turning like a teenage girl trying to escape the clutches of an unwanted suitor.
Dreary and unoriginal, like hundreds of its sub-Ken Loach predecessors, this is how Billy Elliott might have turned out had it been made by a collective of depressive Essex girls.
Fish Tank takes you to places you never expected and, with pitch-perfect performances all round, makes for a beguiling and very real picture that conjures hope amid the most hopeless of surroundings. The best British film of the year.
Great acting throughout the cast, raw energy and poignant imagery are surely what secured Fish Tank the jury prize at this year's Cannes Film Festival.
The kind of thriller that Ken Loach might make in collaboration with Michael Haneke, a slice of social-realist cinema in which we are never sure what - if anything - is about happen. It's oppressively pessimistic but also utterly gripping.
Arnold controls this simmering tension as adroitly as she did in her first film: it's a real skill to present quite unpleasant characters and then reveal them as vulnerable, even loveable.
Visually striking but never stylised, it's simply astonishing to find a film that's such a hard-hitting smack in the mouth, yet, at the same time, a marvel of such fragile, natural beauty. Best British film of the year? You bet.
Fish Tank is a simple but incredibly, almost unbelievably, powerful film. No man or woman with warm blood in their body will come away from it feeling chirpy. On the plus side, it's so reassuringly brilliant that you'll feel proud to be British.
Fish Tank doesn't give you much to smile about. But the fact this country has the raw talent to produce a film like this is a reason to be cheerful.
This is a raw masterful piece of moviemaking that's complex, compassionate, beautifully observed and hard going at times.
An almost unnervingly naturalistic look at a teen's life, anchored by a fierce central performance
Beautifully written, stunningly directed drama with a terrific, breakout performance from newcomer Katie Jarvis - Fish Tank is one of the best films of the year.
Through it all, Park's film never loses its big, bloody-fanged grin. Expect sex (weird), blood-drinking (through a straw), stabby-bitey violence (lots) and laughs (even more).
I'm just having trouble comprehending the fuss being made in other quarters, because this film is awfully familiar-basically just a contemporary gloss on the classic British kitchen sink/angry young (wo)man drama.
Fish Tank is a kitchen sink drama with themes of alienation and sexual repression explored by a picaresque female protagonist.
Fish Tank, a social drama at once bucolic and grimy, draws a magnificent performance from newcomer Katie Jarvis, who plays Mia, a fierce-tempered, beer-guzzling teenager.
It's only her second feature film, but with Fish Tank, the British director Andrea Arnold demonstrates that she more than deserves her place in a Cannes competition lineup.
Andrea Arnold has demonstrated her mastery and fluency in the social-realist idiom, and simply makes it fizz with life.
Andrea Arnold confidently navigates the pitfalls of the 'difficult' second feature with Fish Tank, which confirms her status as a torchbearer for the social realist traditions of Ken Loach and the Dardenne brothers.
What makes pic feel special is its unflinching honesty and lack of sentimentality or moralizing, along with assured direction and excellent perfs.
A gripping, naturalistic, portrait of a disaffected teenager. A Striking film with vivid performances.
Well enough written and directed, and certainly acted, to prove a compassionate and in the end and optimistic study of an underclass who, despite everything, refuse to succumb to their circumstances.
A film that brilliantly and sensitively buzzes with life and offers its very own take on our world and our city. It delivers in spades attitude, humour, sadness, love, anger and hope.



@highlight

Cannes Jury Prize-winner Fish Tank is gritty British realism at its very best, with flawless performances from newcomer Kate Jarvis, and Michael Fassbender.