The unnerving documentary is all the more necessary, and all the more shocking, in its immediacy.
The direct-cinema authenticity that a soldier's eye gives to this largely street-fought war...lends The War Tapes its primary strength.
Intentionally or not, the movie locates a strain of ignorance to go along with the bravery
They expected tension; what they didn't expect was to serve out their year-long deployment as, essentially, the world's most targeted grocery store security.
The director has managed to shape real people's lives into a drama, without imposing ideological filters, and without sacrificing what makes them real.
Gripping, boring, disturbing, amusing, enlightening and frustrating.
This is an important film, but be prepared for shocks.
A scary diary of their increasingly dehumanized daily lives (mostly spent protecting supply convoys on the dangerous highways) and the movie evokes the futile larger war around them in a series of haunting images.
What's here speaks for itself, and what it says is often surprising and deeply unsettling, regardless of one's political leanings.
Informative as most of the partisan-produced, anti-war documentaries that we've seen in the last several years have been, none match this one for its wide-ranging scope and lived-it-at-ground-zero truth.
...it would make a great double bill with the recent My Country, My Country, which looks at things from the other side.
Arguably the most vital and eye-opening documentary yet made regarding the United States' current military entanglement.
The film succeeds because of its refreshingly low-key emotional approach and its refusal to impose character arcs or political agendas on its subjects' footage.
Universally Worthwhile -- not just as a documentary on this war. But as a documentary on this war, I think it's quite interestingly balanced.
A painfully intimate snapshot of who they are, the damage they inflict on an unseen enemy and what they endure while doing so, in all its absurd, dehumanizing and ennobling contradictions.
As raw and disturbing as it is wry and satirical, the resulting portrait is a powerfully unique film that goes beyond commenting on Operation Iraqi Freedom to become a provocative meditation on war itself.
The edited footage has an intensity and immediacy you won't find on cable news networks.
The film is one of the most urgent and immediate nonfiction works we may ever see.
The apolitical film serves us well for its candor.
No matter what you think of the U.S. presence in Iraq, the film will disturb or startle or dismay you.
In its portrait of the conflicted men who served their country, it honors the complexity and challenges of the battle that continues overseas.
A riveting firsthand look at the conflict on the battlefield, in the barracks, and on the home front, unfiltered by any partisan prejudice.
A remarkable film, a you-are-there document that allows us to worry about the soldier who's risking his life even as we ponder the rights and wrongs of this military engagement.
You'll leave the theater shaken, moved, and certain of just one thing: you don't know nearly as much about Iraq as you think you do, or need to.
The documentary camera has made repeated trips to occupied Iraq, but never to such raw and honest effect as in The War Tapes.
An absolutely spellbinding first-person documentary of regular soldiers in the Iraq War, as seen through digital cameras carried into combat.
No matter where one stands on the political map, no matter what one's views of Operation Iraqi Freedom and its aftermath, this film is compelling, troubling and illuminating.
Runs blessedly counter to the trend in contemporary documentary, increasingly built around the subjective point of view of the director, who is often a physical presence in the film.
The film, a tour-of-duty diary by three digital-video toting National Guardsmen, offers the first real look at what it's like to be shot at on a daily basis in Fallujah in pursuit of a goal no one can articulate.
Director Deborah Scranton, co-producer and editor Steve James and co-producer Robert May managed to assemble the immense footage into a taut, often searing 97 minutes.
The scenes could be straight out of "The Deer Hunter." What's sobering is that there's nothing fictional or even exaggerated about "The War Tapes." And this likely won't be the last documentary we see about lives changed by the conflict.
No matter what your personal opinion is concerning the war in Iraq, this documentary is a must see!
If you are seriously considering a move to the National Guard, you might want to check out this movie first.
It's definitely a bipartisan film, one that may open the eyes of those that have chosen one side or another.
Moriarty, Pink and Bazzi sent back tape loaded with visual and audio detail, but the most moving moments of The War Tapes are their attempts to make sense of Operation Iraqi Freedom II.
While the bulk of The War Tapes takes place on the front lines, Scranton also conducted insightful interviews with her subjects' friends and family back home.
Watching The War Tapes is a bit like sifting though puzzle pieces and studying the images, but it's possible to make at least some of those pieces fit.
A fascinating chronicle of wartime, told by several distinct and vivid narrators.
At its best, The War Tapes serves as an exploration of the soldier mentality -- or at least of the mentality of the folks who'd volunteer to go to Iraq.
Repeatedly hits us in the gut with the realities of war and might even make us re-evaluate our perceptions about the men who fight it.
When it's over, you're not any closer to understanding the war. What stays with you are three sobering and complicated examples of its effect on the troops.
What it does do, with grim and often gruesome honesty, is show the realities of war to a public that has been largely shielded from its cost.
For The War Tapes, Scranton supplied mini-DV cameras to several soldiers and asked them to record as much as they could of their year in Iraq, even if it meant attaching the equipment to helmets and gun-sights and just letting the tape roll.
The filmmakers did a masterful job assembling the extensive footage, and creating a coherent beginning (the soldiers' deployment), middle (tour of duty), and end (the return home).
The film is a revelation.
War is up close and personal as soldiers film it from their helmets and gun turrets and delight in $56 feasts of Halliburton ham and eggs.
Homecoming is when Scranton's film gets really interesting: Having seen the soldiers' footage intercut with tapes of families and girlfriends anxiously awaiting their return, we get a good sense of just how much war has changed them.
A gripping documentary that takes embedding pretty much right inside the soldiers' brains.
A gripping, sometimes dramatic, sometimes annoying collection of jerky images and subjective impressions.
More powerful and effective than any Hollywood war movie could ever hope to be.
As a chronicle of the war in Iraq, so far The War Tapes has no equal in candor or in its access to the front lines.
These men have a point of view, plenty of them in fact, they just may not make sense to mere civilians. And that's as it should be.
Whatever your opinion of the Iraq war, Deborah Scranton's documentary is sure to challenge your thinking and disturb your composure.
Deborah Scranton's excellent documentary is tough going and transformative.
This eye-opening documentary about the Iraq war was filmed primarily by National Guardsman during their tour of duty.
Plenty of money for big businesses in Operation Iraqi Freedom but little moral or financial support for returning troops and their traumas.
Nowhere is 'The War Tapes' preachy, nor does it attempt an easy political assessment although it cannot be termed apolitical.
A powerfully distressing film.
See The War Tapes. Maybe this picture can be worth a thousand lives.
The cinematic equivalent to a ribbon magnet, The War Tapes reaps festival awards while less tunnel-visioned docs (like Laura Poitras's My Country, My Country) go undistributed. So much for dissenting media channels.
Obligatory scenes with unhappy girlfriends, wives, and mothers waiting for their loved ones at home don't have the same impact as the film's uniquely personal perspective on American progress (or lack thereof) in Iraq.
A true original, the first look at the U.S.-Iraq war from cameras embedded with the soldiers in the field.
The War Tapes is but the latest in a series of big-screen documentaries dealing with the conflict, and it does so in a particularly involving, fly-on-the-wall manner.
Mini-cams mounted on dashboards, gun turrets or helmets capture, with unsettling immediacy, the campaign's sudden explosions, chaotic ambushes and 24/7 sense of uncertainty.


@highlight

Candid, eye-opening footage gives viewers a close-up -- and educational -- look at the experiences of American soldiers in Iraq, a viewpoint not normally seen.