The line-for-line remake doesn't quite capture the magic of the original, but the special does pull off a few notable improvements.
This is about the most sexless rendition of Rocky Horror I've ever seen.
There is, however, one element that saves this Rocky Horror from the scrapheap and makes it (almost) worth tuning in for: Laverne Cox.
A graduate of the High School Musical school of filmmaking (literally), Ortega is also the person responsible for many of the glaring problems here.
Director Kenny Ortega frames Rocky Horror as a movie at a midnight showing, complete with audience members shouting lines and holding up props. Instead of adding to the fun, this just feels sad.
Faithful, fast-paced, and largely entertaining, this new Rocky Horror Picture Show is neither the calamity fans like myself were fearing nor the triumph that we were all hoping for.
Fox's creaky re-imagining of the cult classic Rocky Horror Picture Show misses the point about what makes the original so beloved.
Unfortunately, Fox's version of Rocky Horror is a hesitant mashup of the stage and film versions that somehow manages to extinguish the spark of both.
The Rocky Horror purists will (and should) certainly turn their noses up at this sanitized Hot Topic version.
Watching the Fox version is a strange experience, because you feel that Ortega both understands this and betrays it, or that [HSM] and its ilk are such a part of his DNA that he doesn't know the difference between good and bad anymore.
An entertaining and raucous ode to the cinematic cult juggernaut.
It turns out you can't do the Time Warp again after all.
In more ways than one, The Rocky Horror Picture Show is a relic better left in the vault.
If you have no idea what this has all been about, go out and find the nearest theater showing TRHPS and turn in your Rocky Horror V-card there instead.
Do the Time Warp Again is hopelessly caught in the middle between the glossiness of high-budget stage musicals and the demented, anything-goes camp of the film.
It's a brilliant casting coup, as Cox... proves herself to be a legitimate triple threat, effectively singing, dancing and sneering her way through the film's many over-the-top musical numbers.
Though camp at its best flirts with amateurism, and even failure, this production does more than flirt; it pretty much goes all the way to disaster.
Without [Laverne Cox], it probably wouldn't be worth your time, but she brings enough new energy to the part as to make this new version worth checking out.
The new star is Laverne Cox, the transgender star of Netflix's Orange Is the New Black, and she's fabulous. She looks great, she sounds great, and she salutes Curry's performance while adding her own touches, vocally and otherwise.
The remake quickly begins to lose steam in a static frenzy of clumsy direction and confused editing. By the end, it's all a hot-though perhaps not hot enough-mess.
The decision to movie-ize the event pays off primarily in its showcasing of the production's vibrant and vivid design, and its allowance of both cast and director the opportunity to finesse their choices.
If you're going to do a shot-for-shot remake and add nothing but a new cast imitating the old cast, why bother?
To remake Rocky Horror with slavish nod after nod to the original film is an exercise in redundancy. Why not reinvent the pig instead of just throwing more glitter on it?
Let's just get the rough part out of the way: Fox's take on The Rocky Horror Picture Show has people who've already seen it wanting to throw things at their screens - and not in the way the cult musical desired.
Some things can't be replicated or recaptured, and thanks to Fox we now know that one of them is the subversive magic of The Rocky Horror Picture Show.
In short, what made this film edgy 40 years ago just doesn't work now.
A family-friendly version of The Rocky Horror Picture Show isn't bad. Fox is modernizing a cult classic for a new generation, full of quirky, lovable characters plucked from a far-off planet here to tell you, Don't Dream It, Be It.
This Fox remake is briskly staged and competently done, but it's haunted by a sterility and a forced cheerfulness that goes against the show's grain.
My feeling is Fox could not go far enough with this tale of sweet transvestites from transsexual Transylvania - it might have worked better on HBO or Netflix.
As it is, they've made a fresh copy, but it plays very much like a copy and nothing more.
The result feels less like a creative reimagining of a classic for a new generation and more like your mom threw you a Rocky-themed birthday party.
This new take on the beloved cult classic halfheartedly stages a "reimagining" of The Rocky Horror Picture Show but forgets both the humanity in its characters and the distinct tone that made it a sensation in the first place.
Even if the movie doesn't live up to the anticipation, there's a kick in reentering this time warp. And while it's not a fresh take, as Frank-N-Furter might say, that isn't all bad.
What plot there is goes sideways in the last half-hour, just as in the movie. At that point, I just wanted it to be over.
Dutiful, reverent, energetic, expertly crafted and yet utterly incapable of escaping the long shadow of its exotic midnight forbear. The capacity to entertain is still here. The capacity to shock is not.
TRHPS: LDTTWA suffers from suffocating staging and an utter lack of reflection on the source material -- but also from the source material itself, as what little energy it possesses is gone by a second half that turns into a real slog.
The film may have some minor flaws, but you will easily overlook them because if you don't, Laverne Cox is going to set you, well, not "straight," in this case.

@highlight

Laverne Cox's fabulous portrayal of Frank N. Furter leads a strong ensemble effort, but the stars can't infuse this reimagining with enough energy, creativity, and quirk to make TRHPS: Let's Do the Time Warp Again a worthwhile endeavor.