The animation, coupled with a jarring use of 3D, makes for a visually unspectacular film that feels very similar to others that have come before it.
full review at Movies for the Masses
The 8-12s will love it, but grown-ups may feel they've seen lots of it before (especially the caribou stampede, a shameless pinch from The Lion King.)
There's nothing here that Disney hasn't done much better decades ago, and the script is a lame mixture of slapstick and sentiment.
Here is a pleasant, undemanding animated family comedy - decent enough, but it feels like a reshuffling of dozens of films you've seen before.
Stumbles every time it attempts to rise above the perfunctory, with its tiresome comic-relief geese and bog-standard internecine rivalry in the wolf pack.
A poorly written and disappointingly animated adventure that may keep the wee'uns happy for a while but will leave the adults snoozing.
Though predictable and routine, Alpha and Omega will be enjoyed by youngsters under eight regardless of whether they see the 3D version.
It certainly gives the nippers their slapstick fix. Sadly, the only sense of wonder it will stir in their parents is when it will all end.
Aimed squarely at the very young, this cute animation still feels far too rushed to spend any significant time on.
The fact this is out in the same week as the fluffy owl movie beggars belief. It doesn't even belong in the same ruddy century.
It?s all pretty bland, with uninvolving characters, unfunny comedic relief and weak computer graphics (made even worse by unnecessary 3D effects).
'Alpha and Omega' enters the crowded marketplace with little to say for itself.
'Alpha and Omega' enters the crowded marketplace with little to say for itself.
The 3-D angle is the only one I can identify to justify Alpha and Omega not going straight to DVD, but it's a double-edged sword.
It's worth howling about!
Because of the lacklustre rom-com script and flaccid direction - not to mention the terror on kids' faces with the snarling wolves slaughtering stampeding caribou - wait to howl with the DVD.
A thrilling adventure full of imagination and humor. It's the best animated film of the season. You don't have to be a kid to enjoy it.
Lionsgate's entree into 3-D animation ignores the characters' animalistic appeal and, instead, rewrites wolf culture in a lifeless romp.
Alpha and Omega proves that sometimes more is more and less is less for a reason.
... the final result, while passable enough, is no particular treat ...
Wolf tale is all about romance, innuendo-filled jokes.
We have the litmus test for 3D's ability to squeeze money from a stone.
An animated flick that doesn't leave much of an impression. It's even difficult to recall what happened once it's over because it's so slight and sluggish.
Alpha and Omega, an unambitious 3-D animation about a couple of young wolves in love, isn't so much howlingly bad as it is howlingly boring.
It's an ugly, laughless 3-D cartoon about wolves that is so wussified and stupidified that it'll bore kids and make their adult minders wish they'd done something comparatively interesting, like cleaning the gutters in the rain.
There is some charm here. But it's one of those flicks where in a week or so, you'll be struggling to remember the title or any of the characters in it. (Parental Review also Available)
The story comes off as patchwork, with a climax cribbed from The Lion King and odd musical sequences that seem inspired by ahem, classic Mariah Carey. It's not quite the vision of love intended.
Has old-fashioned backgrounds that occasionally achieve a touch of grandeur, but that's about the best that can be said for it.
The 3D allows for bold, deep shots that swoop over cliffs and waterfalls, but can't distract from the wolves' clotted fur, which looks a decade behind the textures Pixar created for Toy Story 3.
After preliminary special-effects high jinks -- wolves bobsledding a hollow log down a twisty mountain run -- Alpha and Omega kicks into An Important Life Lesson.
Alpha and Omega is one of those rarities in the modern era of Hollywood animation: bad.
Almost totally bereft of surprises.
... funny, sweet but occasionally befuddling ... it is all perfectly average, nicely animated, appealingly located entertainment ...
There may be a few questions from the kids on the ride home, but this is an otherwise harmless and mostly forgettable entry into the bulging 3-D animation marketplace.
It's always hard not to think of classic Disney as the standard for a film like this. Using that yardstick, Crest Animation/Lionsgate's Alpha and Omega is far from an emotionally rich, fulfilling experience.
Young viewers might be distracted enough by the log-sledding critters to overlook the movie's lack of wit, but for most, there's nothing here to howl about.
Relentlessly lame and amazingly dull.
All the dramatic tension of a dial tone.
Directors Anthony Bell and Ben Gluck populate some decent looking scenery with Saturday morning cartoon wolves whose manes look more like Swiffer dusters than fur, then take the few concepts written...and repeat them multiple times.
Unfortunately, none of these conflicts or predicaments is particularly compelling, and the unevenness of the visuals doesn't help.
Like an insane cur endlessly chasing its own tail, Alpha and Omega spins inward until it finally implodes
[W]oefully misbegotten... [T]he CGI animation -- pointlessly rendered in 3D -- is plastic and cheap.
Someday they'll make an animated movie in which carnivorous animals actually kill and eat their prey; until then, we're stuck with the likes of Alpha and Omega.
A routine of shenanigans and sleepy dramatics, realized through blocky, rigid animation that doesn't feel very special standing in the shadows of industry giants.
If Lionsgate wants to take a bite out of the animated film market dominated by Pixar and Disney, it'll have to do better than this toothless stray.
A gentle courtship guide for youngsters, "Alpha and Omega" is a free-spirited animated comedy where acrobatic chase sequences, featuring wild wolves, take center stage.
Underwhelming in the style of most off-brand CG, Alpha and Omega is livened by pretty Rocky Mountain backdrops and leadened by stock characters and the wolves' weirdly prissy behavior.
As with any movie, this kids' film is only as good as its writing -- the jokes, the cute bits, the heart. And that's where Alpha and Omega comes up short.
A dog in wolf's clothing, Lionsgate's drab, anthropomorphic animal saga does little more than reconfirm the preeminence of Pixar.
Not without charm and bearing easy appeal to very young viewers.
Even with a terrific voice cast, this animated romantic adventure is hit-and-miss.
The film feels bland and unadventurous, quite the opposite of what you need for a cross-country trail that can throw up so many possibilities. From top to bottom, it feels thoroughly mediocre.




@highlight

With bland visuals and a dull, predictable plot, Alpha and Omega is a runt in 2010's animated litter.