So nondescript that its anonymity becomes its very personality.
...the film ultimately earns a place for itself within the pantheon of effectively stirring romantic tearjerkers.
A movie that looks and sounds a whole lot bigger than it actually is.
While it may be discerned as more a vehicle for the actors' reunion than a creative gem, the contributive factor to its attractiveness is the chemistry of the match.
You could have filmed zombies in a gorgeous 19th century beach house and gotten the same emotional impact.
Even if you are rooting for this film to succeed, you find yourself sitting through the tear-jerking part of the movie without feeling terribly wrapped up in it.
Nights in Rodanthe is the cinematic equivalent of a Harlequin novel with a pack of tissues shoved into the back cover.
The actors once again work well together, but they should have quit when they were ahead.
Diane Lane and the Tuscan countryside prove to be a more dynamic duo than Diane Lane and the Outer Banks.
Bring tissues.
I will say this about Nights in Rodanthe: spoken Nicholas Sparks is preferable to written Nicholas Sparks.
Strictly for romantic masochists. Enough tears in the final reel to fill a Hollywood producer's swimming pool.
While not for the cynical or hard-of-heart, Nights in Rodanthe is something of a rarity: a film that puts its characters first.
A singularly unsuccessful look at mature love.
You can make a good movie out of schmaltz. This isn't one of them.
Something about Diane Lane's performance, especially in that third act, really got me involved in the film emotionally.
Most of the movie was cloying. All of it was predictable.
You will get exactly what you are expecting. More or less, in any event. More in the case of the film's heart; less in the case of the last reel, when the storyline and execution dissolves into buckets of schmaltz.
You know,s ometimes a movie is worth it just because of its texture.
If the story is a dreary one, it is elevated by the star brio of Gere and Lane.
The comparative savvy that Wolfe showed in HBO's stage-to-TV transfer of Lackawanna Blues has gone missing.
Even though it is competently mounted, Nights in Rodanthe's unrestrained sentimentality will no doubt make many girlfriends swoon even as it makes their boyfriends squirm uncomfortably.
Lane and Gear ensure that Nights in Rodanthe is never less than watchable, but it's scuppered by an overly sentimental script and fails to deliver the required emotional punch.
The word formulaic doesn't quite cover it, but our two leads just about hold their heads above a tidal surge of sappy plotting, contrived dialogue and choppy editing.
It ticks the right boxes to be a hit - the tear jerking aspect being key to the word of mouth - but it's a movie that rarely breaks out of it's average confines.
I'd hoped the lathered-up romanticism of Nights in Rodanthe would stop me from thinking about the awfulness of what's going on in the world. It didn't; it compounded it.
Indoors, there is elegant if unconvincing emotional drama you can see coming from half a mile down the beach, with very little com to lighten the rom.
As homespun as a crocheted teacosy; as folksy as an heirloom patchwork quilt and as manufactured as reproduction Shaker furniture - that's Nights in Rodanthe.
Just about provides the goods as a romantic weepie but not the best Sparks adaptation.
Broadway director George C Wolfe's inexperience with visual storytelling makes everything go with a clunk. Shame.
It's like The Bridges Of Madison County with more shouting, only not nearly as good. No surprises whatsoever, but nice scenery, attractive stars and another credible, affecting performance from Lane that hoiks it up an extra star.
Grief is trotted out and cheaply exploited in order to burnish instant love with faux-realism . . . And then the ending--where we're told that we not only can but MUST believe in love, and life, again. Who knew a romance could be so depressingly cynical?
Richard Gere's latest is the sort of weepy that gets shown on daytime TV in between the over-50s life insurance ads.
It's the film of a Lifetime...cable network.
This is one of those unapologetic, tear-jerking romances. There's nothing really wrong with that, but it occasionally lays things on a little thick when it should have been holding back.
Though the leads are attractive. the plot collapses under the weight of its ridiculous circumstances.
This involving movie ultimately succumbs to a severe case of the weepies, as we know it must
A tad clunky and sappy and yes, even hokey. But, the picture still works. I was always engaged, I was always interested in what happened next, and I was always entertained.
A modern-day romance between two mature people.
Everything is painfully set up and contrived, while almost none of it seems even passingly real. In its favor, however, the movie looks good and the stars are appealing.
...Lifetime Television with a Steven Spielberg budget.
Sure its soapy and saccharine but that is exactly what Nicholas Sparks' fans want
Typical Sparks formula: difficult circumstances, unlikely love, delirious joy, gut-wrenching tragedy, and redemptive moral. Unfortunately, this film doesn't deliver the goods.
Richard Gere and Diane Lane are swathed in so much cheese in Nights in Rodanthe, this weepy story should unfold in Wisconsin instead of a tiny strip of land off the coast of North Carolina.
Another sappy soap opera for Nicholas Sparks fans satisfied by panoramic seascapes offset intermittently by lingering interludes of dysfunctional strangers locking lips and loins.
perfectly calibrated to jerk tears with the precision of the atomic clock at the U.S. Naval Observatory, and with the irresistible insistence of an industrial grade milking machine
Nice performances can't save this dull movie from its bum script.
'Nights in Rodanthe' serves up too much manipulated sentimentality for my taste, even though I admit being incurably romantic most of the time.
Despite stretches of credulity in the plot, the on-screen chemistry between Gere and Lane carries the movie.
I was pretty well braced for everything to come, but man, that scene with the daughter at the end still got me. Damn you, Nicholas Sparks, and your magical tear jerking super powers!
...[A] moping melodramatic malaise. Ridiculously artificial in its Cupid-driven cornucopia of sketchy endearment. [Rodanthe] has the forceful flair of an unlit wax candle.
When the script veers into Sparks' slap-in-the-face melodrama, including two natural disasters, the movie drowns in corn syrup.
Nights in Rodanthe starts slow, stalls in the middle, and by the time the tragedy hits, a slideshow with still photographs set to music would seem faster.
I imagine that the Nicholas Sparks fan base is going to eat this movie up. However, for myself, it was one of the most boring movies of the year.
Vomit inducing, treacly nonsense.
This film doesn't just fall apart, it collapses into teeny tine pieces so miniscule you couldn't put them back together with a pair of magnetic tweezers and an electron microscope.
Richard Gere suffers less than Diane Lane. He gets by with a mixture of skill and self-irony. She acts up a storm in every scene, but you root for the hurricane.
This is one of the increasingly rare Hollywood films that treat people in middle age as though their feelings were just as intense and their needs just as valid as those of people half their age.
The major highlight is the awkward, out-of-step dialogue between Lane and Gere as their budding relationship morphs from wariness to friendliness to love.
What really sells this three-hanky tear-jerker -- and there were a lot of women buying it during a recent screening -- is Lane's steely and vulnerable performance. Like Tinker Bell, she almost made me believe in fairies. Almost.
Though the stars are likable and attractive, the movie is a melodramatic and soppy affair.
Painfully maudlin and cliched.
No character in this turbulent sea of love crashing on the shores of misfortune is any more developed than they are in Sparks' potboiler.
Nights in Rodanthe is a soap opera, for sure, but it's a beautifully-acted one and director George C. Wolfe revels in the story's swoony lushness.
Cinematically unexciting but a welcome glimpse at the complications of life after age 40.
Despite the basic likability of the stars, that crucial chemistry is not sizzling or even hugely compelling, their situation seems slightly contrived and the movie is somehow not half as emotionally involving as it needs to be.
The film tastefully yet unenergetically chugs along.
The movie around Lane and Gere is unreal, a tortured construct, but they open a breathing space in its center.
Even though their clinches aren't sexy, Gere and Lane still make an extremely attractive pair. They seem to fit together, whether dancing or just talking.
I can kind-of, sort-of see how this story might work as a novel. Bad dialogue doesn't sound as howlingly awful when not spoken aloud. Idiotic plot contrivances don't seem as painful and obvious.
This isn't a movie: it's a feature-length Ralph Lauren commercial.
It's an increasingly rare pleasure to see two naturally aging adults onscreen, and it's not exactly hard work to watch this still-gorgeous pair fall in love. Especially if you're overdue for a little vacation from reality yourself.
Rodanthe is the Death Valley of erotic illusion.
Nights in Rodanthe aims straight for the tear ducts as well, but this weepie is a dry well.
The story needs rage and poetry and red-blooded sensuality, and we get respectable stodginess.
Richard Gere and Diane Lane engage themselves fully with the flimsy material, making their one-note characters engaging, sympathetic and always perfectly coiffed, even in the face of gale-force winds.
This movie works so strenuously to satisfy its target audience's every desire that it's a minor surprise that the filmmakers didn't provide cashmere blankets, a snuggly pair of slippers and a warm cup of cocoa for everyone entering the theater.
Some of us could happily watch Diane Lane reading the Congressional Record. But there are limits to that devotion. Like Nights in Rodanthe.
The dialogue alone in Nights in Rodanthe made me choke back tears. It's like being pepper-sprayed that way.
Too tepid and too predictable of a picture to simply sail away into the sunset.
This romantic stinker is one of those films in which every plot development becomes a life lesson and every gesture is weighted with significance.
About those Nights in Rodanthe: They're about as steamy as a cup of tea.
It's very neat, and I don't mean that as a compliment.
This Windstorms of North Carolina Counties is so overwrought and Harlequin-ed that only the most susceptible of spinsters or inexperienced poetry majors will fall for its faux passions.
A romantic drama that is plagued by artificiality.
Imagine picking up a book, reading a couple of pages and then skipping ahead a couple of chapters. The connection between these two characters came out of nowhere.
Sensitive and sentimental - bring tissue, it's a weeper.
...a cinematic engine design to elicit cheap emotional responses instead of earning them through deep characterization and well thought out plotting.
It's no wonder the faithful continue to forsake the movies, given junky embarrassments like Nights in Rodanthe.
There are not enough actual scenes to keep us sufficiently engaged to care about the third-act event that changes their destiny.
Me, I found a few things to like and much to loathe.
Okay, look: everybody has got to stop crying.
The central performances are solid -- but they'd have to be, to make something this rote and formulaic come even close to working.
A movie needs a reason to exist other than to wring tears out of overemotional people.
Where is Dutch Schultz and his meat fork when you need them?
This is a grown up love story for those of us who have been singed by love, but still want to believe in Cupid's magical powers.
More effective as a piece of house porn than cinematic drama...
Close-ups were invented for Lane's rare beauty, inside and out. We feel that it is her spirit as an actress and a character illuminating this story.
...a goopy, disjointed weepie elevated ever so slightly by the reteaming of "Unfaithful" costars Gere and Lane.
provides earnest human connections and palpable heartache.
For 94 minutes women (at least middle-aged women) can drink in Gere and men (of all ages) can gaze at Lane (whose beauty makes me gasp for air). What's wrong with that?
Fans of weepy romances will dig it; the rest of us would prefer a battle with mutant, killer rats.
Nights in Rodanthe, the latest screen adaptation of a Nicholas Sparks story, is a picture smothered in syrupy excess.
Rodanthe is a reliably steamy stormy sultry story about Inner Change at the Outer Banks where strangers become intimates.
Kept animated by the superior work of the cast, who take the surface mentality of the source material and make it a deeply felt, agreeably tragic romantic experience. Rodanthe is obvious, but it's very effective.
One of this year's most stirring romances, adroitly manipulative, yes, but never condescending.
The movie attempts to jerk tears with one clunky device after another, in a plot that is a perfect storm of cliche and contrivance.
There's nothing like a good tearjerker. Unfortunately, Nights in Rodanthe isn't a good tearjerker, although the characters on-screen shed tears and the movie is pretty jerky.
Nights in Rodanthe is typical Nicholas Sparks fare that has been turned into a tasteful melodrama courtesy of the easy chemistry between its two leads and a generally restrained touch from Tony-winning director George C. Wolfe in his feature debut.
Weepy romance is tame but may not interest teens.
Until movie theaters offer the same comforting, carefree mindset as sand and surf, beach reading won't truly translate to the big screen.
Whiffs on both sentiment and misery. It may be that there's no spark here because there's too much Sparks here.
Redolent of the schmaltziest weepies of a half-century or more ago...strong evidence for the proposition that Nicholas Sparks must have been Fannie Hurst in an earlier life.
Director George C. Wolfe's overly-crafted adaptation of the Nicholas Sparks novel is a bit much. But the two leads are so charismatic that they manage to sell the material far more than it deserves.
There's little room for genuine emotion in this turgid romantic fantasy adapted from a novel by slop-meister Nicholas Sparks.
A ten hanky movie that ends up being just enough to make a nice noose for yourself after sitting through such an inexcusably downer ending.
By no fault of Lane and Gere's, Nights in Rodanthe turns out to be an evening of disappointment at the movies.
The movie version of Nights begins with such promise before it drowns in the romance novelist's syrupy sentimentality.
A flawed but occasionally affecting film.
You would pretty much have to be sentimental to tolerate such schlock, or at least be willing to check your cynicism at the multiplex door.
Even keepers of the Sparks flame are likely to have their spirits dampened by the wind-rattled, Diane Lane and Richard Gereencrusted adaptation of Nights in Rodanthe.
Many critics will no doubt tar this film with the dreaded "Lifetime movie" epithet, but I'd venture a bit further -- Nights in Rodanthe is the world's longest General Foods International Coffee commercial.
Nicholas Sparks's novels are to Harlequin romances as international coffees are to Nescafé: Marketed as having a little dash of class, they're still ersatz java.
A classy tearjerker with butter-cream frosting, raised to the level of (maybe undeserved) artistry by the convincing sincerity and no-nonsense honesty of Diane Lane.
"Nights in Rodanthe" is a passable tearjerker for aging women, but less so for the rest of us.
It's the sort of film, frankly, one either utterly succumbs to or stubbornly resists, and those opting for the former course shouldn't be disappointed.
Marking Richard Gere and Diane Lane's third teaming, Wolfe's romantic drama lacks style and distinction, but takes advantage of the stars' maturity and their chemistry.






@highlight

Derivative and schmaltzy, Nicholas Sparks' Nights in Rodanthe is strongly mottled by contrivances that even the charisma of stars Diane Lane and Richard Gere can't repair.