Through their awe-inspiring images of rivers and tides, Burtynsky and Baichwal carve out a space for reflection about where and how we mere mortals fit within this watery world.
...splits the difference between a fully immersive documentary like Leviathan and an informational special you might find on the National Geographic channel.
Great for IMAX theatres, but it's got the hypnotic, brain-emptying quality of a lava lamp.
Somehow or other, form and intent mesh together utterly seamlessly.
It's not as focused as its predecessor, but its best sequences rehydrate the mind.
Stand out scenes would work as well as stills in a photography book.
With no narration or context, its subject matter comes across as dry, while the enviro-message is undermined by a yawn-inducing lack of urgency.
The sorts of visuals the filmmakers capture are nothing short of astounding...yet while the imagery is beautiful, its implications are often dire.
No glaring message, in fact no narration, just gorgeous 5K ultra-high-def images.
They've found a way of serving up these images without seeming callous or exploitative or preachy.
Although the visuals are spectacular - a barren Colorado River looks like a landscape from a science-fiction epic - there's not much else here to grab on.
Grave, momentous, lush, threatening, engulfing, the HD imagery surveying the epic scale of bodies of water and the thrash and volume of currents and spill-off is keenly beautiful.
As in Manufactured Landscapes, the long shots of natural and man-made environments have a patterned, abstract beauty that often chafes against the ugly truth on the ground.
It relies heavily on visuals and offers minimal context. The project has a pro-environment feeling, which comes across implicitly, not through browbeating or preaching.
The movie, which does drag at times, puts into perspective what an impact we've had on the planet and its lifeblood.
It's the majesty and beauty of water at its most pure that stays with us longest.
At 92 minutes, the production is stately, unhurried yet crisply focused, never overstaying its welcome.
Here's a case of images in the service of important ideas, rather than entertainment, yet they could hardly be more powerful, from roaring torrents released by a dam in China to a lyrical helicopter shot of a glistening river in British Columbia.
For a movie proselytizing the dire need to preserve our rivers and oceans, 'Watermark' is shockingly dry.
It's as if the movie's many pieces are supposed to be like impressionistic brush strokes. When seen together, the result is pretty to look at. But it's not as meaningful as it should be.
These exceptionally gifted filmmakers are simply best at the long view of the human species and its impact.
A travelogue focused on various bodies of water (lakes, rivers, oceans, and underground aquifers) threatened by capitalist development.
A Canadian photographer dedicated to chronicling how man affects the environment turns his attention from land to water with mesmerizing results.
Always arresting and sometimes troubling, "Watermark" - aside from the odd comment here and there - neither lectures nor argues.
Unfortunately, while the documentary's points are clear, its desire to articulate them primarily through contrasts neuters some of its persuasiveness.
Documentaries that shove a message down viewers' throats are a drag, but it's possible to place too much emphasis on aesthetics at the expense of a thesis. Still, if one must err in one direction or the other, this direction is preferable.
Watermark is a documentary filled with images both beautiful and wrenching, yet the film as a whole is a disappointment.
By keeping explanatory talking-heads interviews to a minimum, the filmmakers put their trust in the audience to draw their own conclusions based on what they present to us.
Without a single statistic or news story about climate change appearing on screen, Jennifer Baichwal and Edward Burtynsky's new film Watermark offers an ocean of evidence about how humankind is changing the planet.
Watermark succeeds both as a rumination on our varied relationship with H2O and as a warning about the perils we'll face when we're down to the last few drops.
Visually transfixing.
It's meant to inspire us to think about our relationship with water and how we use it, and in this it succeeds admirably.

@highlight

Although their lack of context may bewilder some viewers, the array of beautiful imagery collected within Watermark offers its own rich rewards.