Meant more as perverse gimmicky entertainment than in telling anything meaningful about the human condition.
13 Tzameti does suffer from a weak and even lazy conclusion, but that doesn't stop 90 minutes that come before it. This truly is deserving of being unforgettable.
I knew nothing before I saw this film, except I heard it was intense (it is) and a little violent (also true). It's also well made, disturbing, and rather hard to forget.
an impressively noirish moral fable that, for all its bleakness, offers ample rewards to those willing to take a chance on it.
Biting into the dubious apple of the new market economy.
At its center is an astonishing set-piece that will rivet almost any moviegoer.
the most artsy spin on The Most Dangerous Game ever plunked down on the screen.
A gritty, high attrition-rate mindbender guaranteed to keep you on the edge of your seat from start to its shocking finale.
Easier to admire than it is to sit through, the French film 13 (Tzameti) is an exercise in stylish depravity that may one day be viewed as the debut of a great filmmaker.
Comes off like a punch in the stomach. A terrific, focused first-effort by the Georgian emigre Gela Babluani.
A tightly screwed shocker, a suspense tour de force that proceeds through a harrowing chain of events with alarming confidence.
"13 Tzameti" has you on the edge of your seat with a story that throws unexpected punches at every corner.
It may be smarter than Saw II or Saw III, but it's just selling a classier brand of sadistic voyeurism.
A stylish and unnerving thriller that sucks you into surreal scenes of horror with the chilly confidence of a nightmare.
Takes awhile to establish where it's going, but it's powered by a kind of sick dread.
The Georgian-born French director Gela Babluani makes an absorbing debut with this black-and-white thriller.
The earned payoff is an all-too-believable shocker.
click for full review [Greek]
Gela Babluani, according to the film's sparse press kit, is only 26 years old but already knows more about suspense than some filmmakers learn in a career.
A remarkable debut of undeniable power.
The Babluanis are brothers to pay attention to.
For a movie without color, there's very little here that's black and white.
This is one independent hit that could probably benefit from big-budget studio treatment.
13 (Tzameti) might seem allegorical, but it's too cynically concerned with what works as entertainment to offer larger truths about human existence.
[Babluani] creates a fear so bottomless, a bad dream so plausible that its hooks tear into your consciousness.
This stylish heart-pounder is one of the more substance-free flicks of late, but gun to your head, you could do a lot worse.
...a film noir look reminiscent of the 1940's but with an excitement that is thoroughly new millennium
The film is exquisitely simple, and exceptionally tough, and its monochromatic visuals -- and cast of fascinating, hard-bitten faces -- make it impossible not to watch, even when events become close to unbearable.
The first film by a 26-year-old director (Gela Babluani) that feels like the worst of what a 26-year-old director could make.
Demands to be seen for the juice it manages to wring out of its central gambit but mostly for the directorial career it hints is on the horizon.
Get the picture? I didn't.
...For sure, you won't be able to stop watching.
...a stylish, bleak film noir where men either have little hope or so much money it has perverted their souls.
... little substance and lots of fashionable cynicism.
Outside the setup of its central stunt, it's pretty forgettable.
Although it's likely too stark for everyone, 13 Tzameti offers a mind-blowing experience for anyone willing to go along for the ride.
...a tight, focussed suspense film...forcefully direct and simple...
That calmness -- and the work of both Babluani brothers is weirdly stilled and mature, already devoid of the need to show off -- serves only to thicken the horror.
13 Tzameti is certainly nightmarish, but it's the kind of nightmare that fades instead of lingering on in the memory.
The central betting game makes up for the contrived pretensions of trying to make it look like a black and white classic.
Possibly the greatest French sports film ever made!
French art thriller 13 Tzameti has a literal hair-trigger premise, yet it's so lacking in human dimensions that it creates virtually no suspense.
A taught thriller all the better for somber and distraught grayscale photography
An icy plunge into the dark depths of the human mind.
You can almost smell the nervous sweat running down these men's backs. You can almost feel the damp.
Starts slowly but builds, Hitchcock-style, to a terrifying crescendo.
The resulting jolts add up to one unforgettably surreal nightmare.
13 Tzameti flaunts a grim sense of the absurd that suggests a French new wave film infected with a virulent strain of Eastern European nihilism.
By the end ... audiences will need mass manicures.
While Hostel reeked of xenophobia, 13 notes that often the boogeymen are in our own backyards, and that most are within a few paychecks of falling prey to them.
In a way, 13 (Tzameti) is a nearly gore-free take on Hostel, another film ... about desperate attempts to survive in a place that's simultaneously culturally and geographically alien.
As a brutal metaphor for the global economy, 13 Tzameti takes care of business; its assertion that desperate means require desperate measures naturally extends to the hair-trigger world of genre filmmaking.
'13' has no facile moralizing or preachiness, and that objectivity -- reinforced by daring technique -- makes for an absorbing film.
Pays homage to Michael Cimino's 'Deerhunter' in evoking high tension from a game of Russian roulette.
What a depressing spectacle. But it's the most good-looking, well-acted, tension-filled depressing spectacle you're likely to see any time soon.
The problem is, however, that it doesn't get to live in that world as successfully as one would hope, but instead is a common visitor with flashes of genius.
Gela Babluani creates tension with a stripped-down style and an unflinching camera and drives the film with a crisp pace that feels both out-of-control and achingly protracted.
An intense and claustrophobic thriller.
Shot in black and white, '13' maintains a strong disconsolate tone, one in which the world feels barren and uncaring.
Astonishingly accomplished debut feature that combines Hitchcockian suspense with a showdown whose unflinching attitude to violence will pin you to the seat.
Aspires to the heights of a Jean-Pierre Melville or Fritz Lang but proves to be more along the mediocre lines of an M. Night Shyamalan.
A thriller of starkly economic proportions.
An impressive debut by Georgian film-maker Gela Babluani - this is a beautifully shot, intensely gripping thriller that starts slowly but builds to a terrifically tense climax.
The terrible game of life is boiled down to its essentials in this new film from 26-year-old Georgian director Gela Babluani, who makes a stunning debut with what might yet become a classic.




@highlight

This starkly minimalist nail-biter of a thriller relentlessly builds up the tension and keeps the audience guessing.