It's the sort of history you could nibble on for hours.
Whether it's Julie Harris weeping as she recalls an Ethel Waters performance she saw 60 years ago or Marian Seldes lamenting the cruelty of show biz or Ann Miller blithely carving a decade off her age, there's no arguing that these years were golden.
For theater lovers -- on both sides of the footlights.
Its appeal isn't likely to cross over to those who don't already have the Broadway bug, or share the recollections themselves.
Old-timers, showbiz buffs and big-stage wanna-bes will not be disappointed.
Rather than listen to these old-timers reminisce about the good old days ... my advice is to get out and support your local thespians instead.
McKay's straightforward cinematic valentine, which also includes rare archival stage footage, is a treat for those bedazzled by the idea of Broadway in its prime.
[The subjects] eagerly unwind before McKay's one-man camera, reminiscing about everything from their finest hours to the days when ticket prices still ran in single digits.
It takes more than a fan to analyze the legacy of a period. But a fan is just what it takes to indulge in that legacy, which is exactly what Broadway: The Golden Age is all about.
I can think of no higher compliment than to report that after seeing it, I wanted to rush out and see a play.
What makes Golden Age compelling cinema is the archival material that McKay has assembled to bind his loose and often casually unfocused interviews.
The demise of the New York theater is, of course, too complex a subject to be contained in a study of less than two hours, but this free-flowing film certainly hits the high points as it flips around its talking-head celebrity sound bites at warp speed.
An enthralling, timeless documentary. It's the closest you'll ever get to actually being there.
Fascinating.
Packed with priceless footage.
The stories they tell in this warm, evocative documentary crackle with humor and glow with reverence. By listening to those stories, you'll glow too.
If you love the theater, you've got to see the film and simply enjoy as everyone from A (Edie Adams) to Z (Karen Ziemba) holds forth.
While less than artfully composed, Rick McKay's homegrown documentary about the glory days of the American theater represents an invaluable oral history.
It's the videotaped equivalent of a primary research data dump. But to quote Bette Davis by way of Edward Albee: What a dump.
This is a picture that devotees of the American theatre will cherish.
Theater fans, whose numbers continue to dwindle, will cherish the rest of Broadway as a remembrance of a great time long gone.
Broadway buffs everywhere are sure to applaud.
That the speakers are themselves fascinating characters is unquestionable. McKay's film is about as thorough a record of their time spent in the golden age as anyone is likely to produce.
In what must have been a daunting challenge, given the richness of the material, McKay managed to cull from more than 250 hours of footage an admirably comprehensive and revealing documentary running a taut 110 minutes.
These anecdotes come across with powerful emotion, although many of them relay oft-documented events.
With all those heads talking, there's precious little time for singing and dancing, though more than enough for a consensus to form around cherished memories of the bigger personalities.
Perhaps the screen's most authoritative encapsulation of Broadway history and an intimately resonant one.
there's too little discipline here, and the parade of talking heads is too lost in nostalgia to be all that helpful
It's like a love letter to live theatre. If you can recall the first time you saw a play that knocked your socks off, you'll probably get a kick out of this documentary.
Manages to immerse us in the moment, Broadway from the late '40s to the mid-'60s, even if we weren't there.
What could have introduced a young audience to the Broadway songs of yesteryear instead focuses on talking heads well past their Broadway prime.
Riveting, historically valuable and heart-skippingly exhilarating.
A fun, fascinating tribute to the glamour and giants of a golden era.
What could easily have been a sentimental, fannish exercise in musty nostalgia is in fact a lovely tribute to an era of feverish creativity that seemed as though it would never end yet now lives only in memory.
If you've ever fantasized about sitting in an all-night deli listening to veteran theater people dish and reminiscence about the Great White Way in mid-20th century bloom, filmmaker Rick McKay's cascading cavalcade of talking heads is the next best thing.
A delightful 'That's Entertainment' for the theater, offering priceless interviews with a who's who of entertainers and behind-the-scenes talent, as well as tantalizing snippets of long-ago performances.
The strength of McKay's film is not in identifying a cultural period, but in giving voice to so many great theater people.
A look at show business through rose-colored glasses
The best way to approach Broadway -- The Golden Age (and the movie is fun, despite its messiness) is to enjoy it as a fan's worshipful notes.
More archival footage and fewer talking heads would have made it more watchable, and most viewers under 60 will be mightily confused as to who many of these people are.
The autograph-hound sensibility that colors [McKay's] interviews ... provokes mostly unmemorable nostalgia from his roster of geriatric luminaries.
It's one for the time capsule.
Overstuffed with star power, but curiously lacking in focus.




@highlight

Broadway: The Golden Age is a breezy, affectionate tribute to a sparkling array of the era's best and brightest.