Solidly entertaining and visually lush, but this is uncharacteristically safe territory for a filmmaker who relishes risk and grittiness.
This is high-style filmmaking wrapped up in a tormented hero whose soaring flights of greatness are matched by the mortal pull of his devils,...
Good but not great, and not for younger kids.
This handsome movie is an oddly well-behaved one to come from the preternaturally energetic Scorsese.
It's all rather sprawling and a bit disjointed, but Scorsese's vigorous pacing and eye for detail hold it all together and provide a vivid setting for DiCaprio's masterful performance (his best work yet).
This almost-great epic has one foot in legend: it's a vision of an American titan that could have sprung from the insides of Hughes's own obsessive, perfectionist head.
Scorsese's most engaged and engaging filmmaking in a while.
Its plot moves from event to event without a story driving it and the audience is left drifting along.
All tabloid style gloss accessorized with brassy special effects, and bloated storytelling based loosely on period gossip.
full review in Greek
It's almost predictable in the way it delivers the cinematic goods, yet there's no denying that it is a compelling and entertaining look at a larger-than-life individual.
The Aviator feels like old-fashioned Hollywood with a bracing jolt of Scorsese's cinematic flair
Despite a pacy, technically brilliant but otherwise slightly ordinary first half-hour or so, Scorsese's Howard Hughes movie is his best since The Age of Innocence.
Scorsese gives us a lot more than the Charles Foster Kane of the clouds. He keeps focus on Hughes, the dreamer, who continually reached out, grabbed the future and pulled it toward him.
It's a measure of The Aviator's complexity and ambiguity that it can be read equally as a celebration of rugged, capitalist individualism and as a leftist critique of cutthroat free-market competition.
Scorsese has dreamed up an ingenious method of specifying the period - he's printed each sequence so that it matches up with the color film process available at the time ...
Beneath the glossy surface there's a niggling lack of depth, but otherwise this is a grand, impressive Tinseltown drama.
A tremendous success.
The Aviator is more than entertaining and engrossing enough to keep you interested ... for at least 130 minutes or so.
Its primary appeal is its speed: It rushes along, from scandal to air crash to movie romance to Senate hearing, each anecdote well realized but never tarried over.
Regardless of the fact that The Aviator may not be Scorsese's best work, it is unquestionably a creative piece of moviemaking.
If the folks who made Hollywood were going to make a movie today it would be made like The Aviator.
This undoubtedly is the movie Scorsese set out to make, and he made it exceedingly well. Still, we can fault him for choosing to celebrate its subject instead of examining him.
"The Aviator" is a triumph of filmmaking. It successfully blends technical artistry with A-class performances.
This is a thrilling picture that merges [Scorsese's] gritty style and his adoration of old-fashioned Hollywood. The production design alone makes the film a must-see.
DiCaprio as Hughes is nothing short of captivating, and his performance here, easily the best of his career, is certain to land him an Academy Awards nomination.
'Gran estilo visual, elenco multiestelar, una estupenda banda sonora y la dirección de un inmortal del cine, la hacen una experiencia fílmica más que interesante y compleja'
Millions of dollars were wasted in Hughes' stumble to infamy, and I'm hard-pressed to get too upset by his romancing starlets or peeing in a bottle.
Another of [Scorsese's] masterpieces, crowded with superb performances. It may be two and a half hours long, but it comes at you like a B-52 bomber, and it flies by.
A cierta altura, El Aviador es cine puro, o las herramientas del cine aprovechadas como nunca al servicio de una historia.
DiCaprio remains a lightweight presence, a cherubic man-child who one could sooner imagine fiddling with an Airfix set and glue than spearheading the adventure of modern aviation.
Scorsese's first historical epic to build on the promise of Last Temptation traces Hughes' formative successes with the thrill and vision of great pop storytelling.
With Gangs of New York, DiCaprio and Scorsese came close to making a masterpiece; with The Aviator, they might just have got there.
You can almost feel Scorsese exorcising the specter of Gangs of New York in the first act.
Gorgeous and engaging, The Aviator is the director's greatest achievement since Goodfellas.
If I were to name a most overrated film of 2004 it would be Martin Scorsese's Hughes biopic ...
Scorsese conduz o filme com competência singular, mantendo a narrativa sempre focada e utilizando de forma fascinante as cores em cada uma das cenas.
The fact is the depth of Scorsese's latest never quite justifies its length.
An intricate character study of fame and misfortune.
This hugely entertaining film about reclusive billionaire Howard Hughes, combines drama, action and comedy into such a compelling form, it lights the screen as if from within.
The Aviator is yet another entertaining and exquisite gift from director Martin Scorsese...
Un mundo donde la cabina es pequeña, la velocidad y el ritmo acelerados, no hay cabida para la razón, y la vida se vive en un instante.
Feels like a whole, complete movie, without oversimplifying Hughes' life
Alas bigger doesn't mean better.
It's bravura, classic Hollywood filmmaking, and you like to think that Hughes himself would have viewed it, if not appreciatively, then at least with a sense of kinship.
it is testament to Scorsese's vision and skill that he captures Hughes and all his contradictions in a rip-roaring CinemaScope portrait that is both intimate and epic
...a highly stylized and satisfying chronicle of flawed human life
[Scorsese has] made a three-hour epic film that doesn't feel like an epic. It feels like a breeze, a fast, loose, fun film that doesn't feel like work.
No movie directed by Martin Scorsese has ever felt more like work for hire.
Soars as an Oscar front-runner, a guarantee of the prestigious prize for its legendary director, Martin Scorsese.
In the hands of Martin Scorsese, the story of Howard Hughes becomes a great American tragedy.
N'eut été la distance prise face au personnage principal, le film aurait pu représenter une fusion parfaite du talent de Scorsese et de cinéma grand public.
This is grand Hollywood entertainment in the old-school style, so glistening and dazzling that its flaws are washed away in a sea of glitter.
Lush, vibrant, well-paced.
"The Aviator" is one of the best films of the year, and chock full of fabulous performances.
[It's] a dazzling bit of Hollywood biography that belongs on the short list of [Scorsese's] finest works
Instead of showing the inner self of the man, we learn little more than we could have from newspaper clippings.
In the end, The Aviator comes across as great filmmaking that just never quite comes together to produce a great film.
This is not the first film about Howard Hughes's life, but it's certainly the best.
Should be a strong contender for a best-picture Oscar.
Solid piece of filmmaking...Leonardo seems too young but he works it, and Cate Blanchett is a fabulous, eerie Katherine Hepburn.
The soundtrack is wonderful, the flying scenes breathtaking and the acting by the entire cast is super . This is a must see for any serious moviegoer.
Scorsese may finally win a long-overdue Oscar
Yet another movie biography angling for end-of-year honors, albeit one a bit more sensitively handled and artfully done.
'The Aviator is [Scorsese's] Citizen Kane, a glamorous tribute to a bigger-than-life figure ...'
[Takes] few chances but bring[s]... Hughes to life so perfectly that you can forgive it... a thoroughly captivating three hours at the movies... three hours that, heh, fly by.
A little clunky, and firmly in the realm of cinematic fantasy, The Aviator is, nevertheless, a return-to-form for Scorsese.
I never thought we'd get to the point where Martin Scorsese was taken for granted.
[It's] maybe the first film in which [Scorsese] puts his talents solely in the service of his story.
If you genuinely think the special effects here are good, you might be on crack.
A stirring tale about a man whose drive allowed him to climb ever higher, grazing the heavens before his demons seized the controls and forced the inevitable, dreary descent.
Handsomely impersonal...climbs to its highest during Cate Blanchett's smashing impersonation of Kate Hepburn.
Scorsese and DiCaprio's dynamism proves a good fit for Hughes. It's a trio made in heaven. Or rather a quartet if you throw in the double-plus-goodness of Cate as Kate...
When Blanchett arrives as Hepburn, The Aviator soars closer to movie heaven.
Director Martin Scorsese is at his best here, telling an incredible story with style, and drawing super performances out of his cast.
A marvelously entertaining picture that is easily the best of this year's host of high profile biopics.
Highly entertaining.
Blanchett gives such gusto to her turn as Katherine Hepburn that when she walks off the screen, the [other characters] look likely to follow her in awe.
The Aviator, while not flawless, is, nonetheless Scorsese's Citizen Kane. Both are extravagant, melodramatic studies of brazen men out to change the world.
...the microscope is turned on Hughes himself to reveal a man who's shortcomings may have been his biggest asset and certainly were his private hell.
An uneven and awkward script bogs down what is otherwise an immensely energetic and entertaining biopic.**
Joins 'Goodfellas,' 'Casino' and 'Gangs of New York' in what could be called Scorsese's 'American History' series of epics about fatally flawed, even criminal visionaries...
A failed attempt to sell aircraft manufacturer and famous recluse Howard Hughes as a romantic hero, Martin Scorsese's The Aviator is less biographical film than marketing ploy.
The funny thing is that long before he grows his moustache, never mind his toenails, DiCaprio grows into the part.
The great biopics juxtapose the greatness of their subjects with the flaws, and it is here that Scorsese really makes his mark in The Aviator.
The production design throughout the film is astonishing, particularly in Scorsese's ... loving recreation of the Hollywood nightclub scene, complete with bizarre-looking singers and dancing girls
In this stunning period biopic, Scorsese exposes the American dream to the law of gravity.
The film reflects this in its look, which is exquisite.
It's great fun, but nothing more.
By and large I think this movie's chief function is to give Scorsese an opportunity to indulge in the pleasures of big-time filmmaking and to treat the audience to a heady dose of glamour.
All of Hughes' obsessions and compulsions come to life thanks to DiCaprio's signature performance
[Scorsese's] take on the fractured American dream is one of the best films of the year.
A masterful and stylistic epic concocted by the skillful Scorsese and his trademark visionary flourishes of detail and determination.
Unfolds with the assurance of a heartbeat.
Powerful enough to make movie fans weak in the knees and enchanting enough to remind them that watching films isn't merely a hobby -- it's a love affair.
Scorsese and his production team do a masterful job recreating the look and styles of the 1930s and '40s.
Scorsese unveils his dark side, the side that produced the intense films Taxi Driver (1976) and Raging Bull (1980), as Hughes gives in to his psychotic demons.
Martin Scorsese's glossy account of Howard Hughes' early years ... gets off the ground, cinematically speaking. But it never quite takes flight.
Scorsese is the director who can get more of Hughes into one movie than anybody else alive.
THE AVIATOR is almost impossibly fertile and rich, but always Scorsese marshals his resources to get inside Hughes' head.
a pretty good collection of Howard Hughes' greatest hits... even when the storytelling falls short, the movie remains a banquet for the eyes...
Yes, “The Aviator” is a good film with value,but it would still rank in the bottom third of Scorsese’s oeuvre
Not much of The Aviator seems like a Martin Scorsese film.
Scorsese the Hollywood outsider wins with The Aviator, and he comments on the cost of that victory in the same breath.
There's a fascinating new film about... Howard Hughes' life that runs about two hours. Unfortunately, it is part of The Aviator, which clocks in at nearly three hours.
We may enjoy watching the spectacles, but we don't much care for, or even have a feeling for, the guy in the cockpit.
While we leave the film without much more of an understanding of Hughes' legendary obsessions than we did upon entering, we nonetheless leave with a sense of having been glamorously, thoroughly entertained -- which, these days, is a rare pleasure.
A film that's extremely well-made but tantalizingly or clumsily (take your pick) oblique.
It's not as moving as it's probably meant to be, but as a whole The Aviator is fast (even pushing three hours), entertaining and provocative.
It's history and biography and, as Scorsese, Logan and Orson Welles before them affirm, a distinctly American story.
Scorsese's best and most entertaining film in more than a decade.
Celebrates film's possibilities with a joy and confidence that comes only from a cast, writer and director at the top of their powers.
For all the madness and tragedy in The Aviator, this is very much a movie that believes in crazy dreams, in reaching and recklessness and accomplishment.
A fast-moving, entertaining movie that boasts a fine performance by DiCaprio, who captures Hughes' brio, as well as the sadness that accompanied the gradual onset of insanity that turned Hughes into a legendary recluse.
Hughes is the conduit for a titan of moviemaking to meditate gloriously on the power of film and flight to transform a nation, a culture, a world.
Sumptuously exciting, glowing with expertise, seething with life, gorgeously designed and thrillingly articulated.
What a sad man. What brief glory. What an enthralling film, 166 minutes, and it races past.
The first half -- covering Hughes's high-flying Hollywood years -- is an incredibly filmed treat.
It's not [Scorsese's] best film, but it's his most accessible and most thoroughly entertaining.
As entertaining and glamorous as it is, The Aviator falls into the same trap: It's content to show the glittering- then-grim surface without digging beneath it.
Scorsese has crafted a luxurious entertainment that goes down like a flute of sparkling, silky champagne.
Makes a credible, and often thrilling case that Hughes' greatest creation was the idea of the man who could do anything, but does far less well when rolling in the muck with those who would rather see a crash than a new plateau achieved.
When the picture gets inside Hughes' head, it's compelling.
Whatever promise DiCaprio demonstrated in Titanic he finally delivers here.
A stunning mosaic of contradictions.
Other Scorsese films have carried more passion, but none has so brilliantly captured a lost era, or a lost American icon.
Scorsese's most accomplished, most disciplined movie since GoodFellas.
A famous subject. A talented star. A script that combines spectacular special effects with an intimate look at a man slipping into madness. A master filmmaker back at the top of his game.
A film of grand scope and masterfully intimate nuance, portraying a wild young mustang of a man who lived a fast life on an epic scale.
The film's framing of Hughes' personal decline into a critique of U.S.-style arrogance, excess, and territorial pissing makes him the hero.
It's a wonderful showcase for Scorsese's passion for making movies, which, in a sense, parallels the passion Hughes had for making movies.
By my count, The Aviator is the fourth Martin Scorsese picture in a decade that ends with its protagonist being forced to observe what he loves most from a tragic distance.
This is conservative, well-crafted, Oscar-friendly fare; rarely bold, but extremely well-told.
Marty's most crowd-pleasing, well-behaved movie -- The Aviator is the first Scorsese picture that feels housebroken.
Howard Hughes' vibrant life makes for a worthy biopic that Martin Scorsese crafts in glamorous style.
[A]n empathetic, supremely entertaining portrait of a tortured man; DiCaprio's is one of the best screen performances in many a moon.
Your apprehensions about what it's gonna be like to sit through a nearly three-hour period biopic should be ameliorated by the fact that Martin Scorsese is in the director's chair here.
Few biopics with this kind of crazy scope have ever been so seamless.
Martin Scorsese and his talented cast and crew have created an epic tale of a real life prophet of flight that made tools, movies, airplanes and history.
It's one of the few three-hour-long films that I wish were longer.
Isn't nearly as enjoyable as Gangs of New York, though it is flawed in many of the same ways.
The result is an admirably bumpy ride of a biopic, a rare one that leaves you feeling not safe but bracingly unsettled.
A fun, frenetic, visually dazzling take on a large slice of the life of Howard Hughes that carries us up to 20,000 feet but doesn't get a millimeter beneath the surface of his characters.
mark this one down as a sure-fire Best Picture Oscar nominee
It's stylish and fleet, and even though it's meticulously detailed, Scorsese's devotion to technique never weighs it down.
It boasts competence all around, two boffo performances by DiCaprio and Blanchett (whose Hepburn is near-perfect), terrific directing (maybe this is finally Scorsese's year), great cinematography by Robert Richardson, and a fascinating subject.
A compelling and occasionally stirring movie experience.
An air-brushed portrait of a repulsive millionaire
Blanchett very nearly takes over the film as Katharine Hepburn, perfectly capturing the first lady of cinema's breezy demeanor and signature growl in addition to bearing a striking resemblance.
Blanchett's perfect Hepburn lock jaw, speech and swagger provide much needed doses of comic relief to the middle of the film, when it begins to sag slightly.
Brisk, glossy and gloriously art-directed, Scorsese's lavish biopic is a pop trifle, engaging but not compelling.
Someone is going to have to prove to me that those events occurred in that order. Watching The Aviator, I didn't buy a minute of it.
As Hughes, DiCaprio is nimble and appealing.
It's the Spruce Goose that provides an apt metaphor for this misfire of a movie: It's big and sleek, a thrilling engineering marvel, but it only ever briefly takes flight.
Another director would have made an uplifting picture about a great American success. Scorsese, instead, has made the only picture he could, risking studio millions on an intensely personal epic about a dark, complicated failure.
Unfortunately, though it may finally gain an Oscar for director Martin Scorsese, it is not his best work. The movie is disappointingly flat.
The movie equivalent of a lavish coffee-table book, a love letter to the Golden Age of Hollywood from one of its foremost students.
In short, it's a fine, handsome work, sporadically involving, but lacking (pervasively, persuasively, at least) the director's authoritative stamp.
The Aviator has 'Oscar nominations' written all over it, including for Scorsese, who massages this sprawling epic into one of the most interesting films of the year.
Scorsese's mournful celebration of Hughes's life from the 1920s to the late 1940s could be called Citizen Pain.
The film's old-school look -- coupled with current CGI -- makes things soar, DiCaprio is inspiring, and supporting actors like Cate Blanchett (as Katharine Hepburn) upstage everything else onscreen.
At its best when the title character is flying. When that character is on the ground, the film isn't nearly as successful.
The Aviator is the perfect melding of talent and material.
This shows both the genius and madness of Howard Hughes, painting a more human picture of him, and yet not dispelling all of the whack-job folklore that surrounds him.
[Easily] one of the better films of 2004, but a good deal of this is oddly unmemorable for a Scorsese film.
Stylish, engrossing, compelling masterpiece of a mythic bio-pic that's a strong Oscar contender in several top categories.
The Aviator takes what is known about Howard Hughes, transforms it, confounds it, makes it into cinema and art. It transcends history.
Sees the portrait of a man as the illustration of the strongest facets of his personality, not the recounting of important events in his life.
Scorsese's Howard Hughes biopic is a riveting story of genius and torment, talent and arrogance, passion and madness.
With Hughes' life, literally anything could happen -- colorful successes or wild failure. Scorsese's film is the former.
Scorsese only allegorically gets to kick people while they're down but possesses enough vision to keep the film on its feet, charging forward with nary a lull in the narrative
"The Aviator" soars as on of the year's best films.
The first and third hours of this 20th-century epic are as dazzling as big-scale movies get.
Tainted or not, Hughes' life was a remarkable one, and, flawed or not, Scorsese's film version deserves the same accolade.
Does not entirely avoid the pitfalls of the biopic genre, but it's rarely less than entertaining, and sometimes downright exhilarating.
Martin Scorsese's biography of the famously eccentric empire builder Howard Hughes is visually sumptuous if disappointingly hollow.
Mostly pays lip service to Hughes' demons, though it does make charged American-movie poetry out of his dreams.
Mr. DiCaprio is in top form here, bringing a difficult character to vivid life. Cate Blanchett is even better as Katharine Hepburn.
Sexy, inspiring and exhilarating, but perhaps more importantly, it's a generous portrait of a brave man, perhaps an artist, certainly a fractured genius.
Charts three decades in the life of Howard Hughes, a forerunner of today's successful businessmen who love power, money, and the chance to do whatever they want.
Martin Scorsese has recreated a glorious, Technicolor time. Oscar, Oscar.
Like the life it depicts, it is uneven and fascinating.
Downright squeamish, skimming only the more palatable facts from the several informative biographies that exist of this increasingly secretive and paranoid man.
Epic tale that neatly evokes Hughes's growing psychosis.
Psychologically superficial, but the filmmaking razzmatazz makes it great fun to watch.
Amongst contemporary American filmmakers, it can only be said perhaps of Martin Scorsese alone that a good movie from him is a disappointment.
Scorsese keeps a good handle on the turbulent material of Hughes's sprawling life... spectacular... fleet... admirably eccentric.
The Aviator is a grand Hollywood epic and you should see it on the biggest screen you can. Enjoy the ride!
A big, juicy, gorgeous, high-flying epic.
leave it to Martin Scorsese to spin the eccentric's life into a more coherent -- if sprawling -- mass
...an aggressive, overwhelming piece of cinema that raises the year's cinematic G.P.A. all by itself.
The Aviator is a marvel to behold, and one is quickly convinced that Scorsese can take even the most threadbare screenplay and make it bold and immediate.
Superbly demonstrates, with abundant humor and obvious sympathy, that this very odd bird once soared on golden wings.
The Aviator could've been a Raging Bull brother film, given that masterpiece's crystalline purity of purpose and humiliated courage. But it brakes far short.
A good, but not great, filmed biography, and continues Scorsese's recent flirtation with mediocrity.
Surrounded by talented performances, DiCaprio nearly pulls off a trick as effective as the illusive world cast by Howard Hughes: it almost looks like he can really act.
I'll put on a pair of my good Kleenex boxes and go.
This is the real deal!
The Aviator, the entertaining biopicture of Howard Hughes, is Scorsese's response to his critics that he's not a storyteller and can't make truly commercial movies.
let me beg every Oscar voter to award Scorsese for a fantastic directorial effort. He deserves an Oscar for The Aviator.
. . . sprawling, ambitious, and visually dynamic, echoing the sweeping, mythic quality of its subject. This is a masterpiece.
Mr. Scorsese is a great director who often fails, but you have to give him credit for always being on the prowl for new and demanding subjects, even when the results are disastrous, and for remaining true to his own vision, even when it is not shared.
Best Picture written all over it
I believe this is now the front runner for best picture of 2004.
Considering the almost interminable length of The Aviator and the accomplishments of its subject, the superficiality of this film is appalling.
This is Scorsese at his most breathtaking and cinema at its best.
Scorsese uses camera angles, editing choices, playful colours, visual effects and his remarkable cast to maximum effect
Fantastic! DiCaprio channels Hughes. Scorsese finally breathes life into his muse.
A solid, albeit flawed, effort. Stellar work by Leonardo DiCaprio, but Cate Blanchett's masterful, Oscar-worthy performance steals the film.
Scorsese has crafted a rip-roaringly gorgeous-looking, beautifully acted biographical epic that is certain to garner Oscar nominations across the board.
Scorsese maintains a steady stick as he pilots his bio-pic with dexterity and balance.
An enormously entertaining slice of biographical drama.
A stirring depiction of a great man's tragic attempt to convince himself of future triumphs that would never materialize.





@highlight

With a rich sense of period detail, The Aviator succeeds thanks to typically assured direction from Martin Scorsese and a strong performance from Leonardo DiCaprio, who charts Howard Hughes' descent from eccentric billionaire to reclusive madman.