The geopolitical realities of 2015 entitle us to expect something more nuanced than this.
Shot with a gorgeous eye, the filmmakers aren't afraid of lens flare or overexposure to add an ethereal beauty to horrific circumstances of which we're bracing for impact.
Binoche is impressive, bringing a steely, self-contained detachment to even the most intimate moments with her family. But Erik Poppe, the director, slathers the film in overly sentimental music choices
Alas, following on from such a striking and tense opening was always going to be difficult. The focus swiftly shifts to an account of disturbed domesticity, and so does the A Thousand Times Good Night's effectiveness and interest.
If I'm complaining about this movie a lot for one I'm deeming better than fair, it's because I was frustrated by how its first-rate ingredients, Binoche chief among them, somehow failed to create a spectacular end result.
Anger and anguish visible in her eyes and etched in the lines of her face, Juliette Binoche delivers a terrific performance.
It's a rich, fascinating and provocative film that never takes sides or opts for easy answers.
Poppe registers Rebecca's moral commitment as well as the compulsive aspect of her dedication but the film oscillates between drama and statement; it becomes a series of set-pieces and what-ifs, particularly towards the end.
I wanted it to be more than it was.
When we see photos or film footage taken at great risk on the front line we rarely stop to think of the price paid by the photographer; this film rectifies that.
In a heart-wrenching performance, Juliette Binoche haunts as a war-photographer whose camera acts as her moral compass but blinds her to her family's needs
This potent Norwegian drama by Erik Poppe, himself a veteran war photographer, opens with a gripping sequence.
Moving story about mother/war photograher has mature themes.
The whole cast is good, but as always, all roads lead to Binoche, who is wonderful.
Despite a screenplay that lets her down for the most part, Binoche is wonderful as Rebecca, a woman divided by her passion for the job and maternal instincts.
Poppe can't match the stunning opener of Binoche photographing a suicide bomber in Kabul with scenes of domesticity. But Binoche never falters. She's the film's fire and grieving heart.
Binoche and most of the cast keep the drama worthy of our attention.
A sensitive drama about the challenges idealists and people of great passion face within the family circle.
Binoche is her usual dependable self, bringing passion and fury to a familiar, but still compelling, character. And director Karl Poppe, himself a former photojournalist and cinematographer, captures the various locales with visual panache.
Poppe crafts some powerful scenes that pose questions not easily answered.
What makes "1,000 Times Good Night" more than a dramatic essay on wartime journalism is Ms. Binoche's wrenchingly honest portrayal ...
1,000 Times Good Night moves too easily from compelling to contrived, but ultimately works due to a commanding performance from Juliette Binoche.
"1,000 Times Good Night" has moments of both startling violence and breathtaking beauty.
Moving from sophisticated character close-ups, to dreamlike fantasy, to exciting coverage of the photographer's shattering battle experience, the movie is austerely elegant.
Sadly, this gorgeous-looking adult movie plays out the same theme over and over, never going anywhere surprising.
"1,000 Times Good Night" takes its time, letting the pathos fully soak in. Those who are regulars at film festivals will find the pacing - and the emotional note it ends on - very familiar.
A disappointingly standard-issue addiction melodrama, this one the tearful case study of an adrenaline junkie whose compulsion threatens to push her family and loved ones away.
Poppe's intimate story feels contrived. Autobiographical films have a tendency to come off that way, likely because the director lacks distance and takes plot and character development for granted.
It's difficult to swallow the premise of yet another tale of a heroic white Westerner with good intentions trying to give hope to Middle-Eastern misery.
When Poppe is filming the things he cares about-war, domestic battles, or even the planes of Juliette Binoche's face-1,000 Times Good Night is exquisite.
A self-important art-house film by an ex- war photographer who lacks distance from his subject.
Director Erik Poppe's film features cinematography that is artsy without being alienating, but the same cannot be said for his protagonist.
Poppe's closeness to the material ensures a level of passion, but he still fails to create a truly specific dynamic for Rebecca and Marcus's family ...
An affecting drama made more poignant by honest-feeling autobiographical elements, Erik Poppe's A Thousand Times Goodnight examines the choice between family and career when that career represents work of real social importance.
Deftly sidestepping both melodrama and family-values messaging, Poppe imbues the film with enormous emotional resonance, brilliantly grounded by his leading lady.
Much of the domestic emotion feels contrived. Not the acting, that's mostly very good, it's the mechanisms constructed to portray emotion that falters.
A hyperbolic melodrama which oversimplifies its issues, and features too many scenes of Binoche weeping against picturesque Irish landscapes.
Although the ideas and performances are strong, the drama itself feels oddly disjointed ...
This is a well-observed drama, which acknowledges the war photographer's selfishness as well as her courage and single-mindedness.
A drama of conscience and passion, a finely observed portrait of a woman driven to make a difference in the world, even as it hurts those she loves.
When an actor is as good as Juliette Binoche they can elevate an entire film.
Cleverly, the film makes it clear that Binoche is also strongly motivated by bringing suffering and injustice to light, making the central conflict that bit sharper.
Binoche is marvellous throughout, and gets strong support - even if kitten-loving Lisa, in straining to be cute, is merely irritating.
Too prickly for mainstream crowds and rather emotionally sentimental for arthouse fans, this drama may have trouble finding an audience.
I found something questionable in its forced and unearned emotional moments and the frankly rather insufferable performance from Juliette Binoche in the lead role.
A trick missed.
Every theme and thesis is italicised. We aren't trusted to probe them with our own minds. The preaching is accompanied, for extra emphasis, by treacly sacerdotal music.
The film has limitations. But it has Binoche, and that's almost enough.
It's as handsomely shot as any film about an ace shutterbug ought to be, and Juliette Binoche infuses familiar internal crises with palpable pain and urgency.
The film survives mostly off the wonderful, absorbing leading performance by Binoche, in what a truly layered character to get your head around.
A compelling, if well worn , topic - work/life balance - is brought vividly to life by a great Binoche performance.
Ultimately it feels like Poppe wanted to say something about a great many topics...But what he concludes on any one of these points is never clear, so the film simply meanders...

@highlight

Beautifully filmed and powerfully acted, 1,000 Times Good Night achieves absorbing fact-based drama without overindulging in Hollywood contrivances.