Narrative incoherence continues to reign supreme.
Visually, it mixes a gritty reality with eye-popping horror-fantasy, but the story short-circuits the film by adding a level of incomprehensibility, particularly in its second half.
Let's hope the humor is intentional; it's frankly hard to tell.
Watch's supernatural police and Bekmambetov's rich visual palette give the film enough strength at least to throw a couple elbows to set itself apart from other nameless films with plenty of effects, but little vision.
... a mindless muddle - loud, slowly paced, and overdone; in other words, it is exactly like a bad Hollywood blockbuster, except for the subtitles.
Although more flashily assembled, pic's relentless onslaught charms less over a running time almost 25 minutes longer.
Day watch is nonsense. But it's glorious nonsense.
While it's not as good as the first film, Day Watch is a nice alternative to the American horror flicks that have been polluting the cinemas this year.
There's a lot more to make your eyes goggle, too, as the Watches chase each other up, down and under the streets of Moskva.
mporei to epiko toy pragmatos na einai telika perissotero sto kefali ton synteleston opos kai i idea oti kanoyn kati megalytero apo holigoyntiano mplokmpaster, alla pantoy diakrineis ayti tin periergi slabiki ithiki kai se arketes periptoseis tin ieri tre
As ornate as a high class Russian samovar, Day Watch continues the battle between Light and Dark in Timur Bekmambetov's unmistakable high octane fashion.
Impressively directed with superb special effects, this is an action-packed fantasy flick that's actually more fun than the first film.
Day Watch combines the action sequences of a John Woo blockbuster with wonderfully self-conscious humour and hardcore human interest.
Even during its action sequences it is slow, confusing and apparently interminable.
Big, stupid and nonsensical
A slog through endless death metal-powered action sequences.
A must-see for fans of the original, but a shorter running time and less energetic CGI excess might have done this flawed horror fantasy a serious favour.
A disappointing follow-up to Timur Bekmambetov's ground-cracking debut that still holds just enough explosiveness to blow a few fuses in your brain. Watch for the set-pieces (killer balls, car chases, power lines used as whips) and ignore the rest.
The film undeniably has buckets of style, aided and abetted by some extremely funky animated subtitles.
Part zombie, part vampire and all a pain in the neck.
Visually inventive and bleakly witty, this is a must for fans of off-kilter fantasy thrillers.
It relates to Night Watch the way X2 relates to X-Men: you need to have seen the earlier film to have a hope of following the plot, but it's a bigger, deeper, more exhilarating ride.
all at once a complex morality tale, a dark mirror of post-Soviet Russia, and a masterpiece of dynamic surrealism, displaying some of the most imaginative visual effects yet seen in a feature-length movie.
Day Watch deploys head-spinning cinematography and cool special effects. It's a trippy affair, even if it's just about impossible to track.
The ultimate downfall of the series is that it steadfastly refuses to define its own rules.
[Director] Bekmambetov succeeds in crafting a movie so fast-paced and stylish that it doesn't matter why there's a battle sequence or car chase, you just sit back and enjoy the ride.
Where Night Watch felt visceral and immediate, Day Watch feels cerebral and dismissive. Retains the first film's gorgeous and arresting visual style and ejects all the good story stuff.
Wearying and hard to follow at times, sure, but fun.
Madly over-plotted, with overlapping time frames and puzzling sub-plots, it makes no concessions to neophytes.
Somewhere around the 45-minute mark the film transforms from cool-and-atmospheric thriller to indecipherable mess.
[Director] Bekmambetov is a reckless and juvenile storyteller with a regrettable knack for empty spectacle.
stylish but outrageously foolish
Just another high concept/low content entry into the blockbuster market.
Chockablock with neat ideas - so many, in fact, that they ultimately end up crowding each other out ... goofy, monumental fun, until it sort of isn't.
Mixing history, sword & sorcery and science-fiction, Day Watch is overstuffed with gimmicks, making it a noisy but nifty-looking mess. Although wall-to-wall action, only a few sequences -- such as the climactic hotel showdown between the forces of Light a
A perfect example of a filmmaking rule that seems to be true no matter what the country of origin - sequels are always bigger, louder, and crazier than the first one.
A mish-mash of the worst traits of Boll, Luc Besson and all the fears promised of the Cold War.
Even though I never quite understood the film, I at least had the sense that there's something to it, and it's worth my effort to eventually figure it out.
It delivers more cutting-edge eye candy but defies any attempt at understanding.
A noisy, incoherent, droning spectacle.
It's more action-oriented and has a lot more welcome humor [than the first].
At 2 hours and 20 minutes, this zippy follow-up to Night Watch delivers a killer pace, blasts of heavy-metal, vexed characters, and gory allegory wherein occult terrorists suck blood, cast spells and escape to a spooky zone known as the Gloom.
Day Watch falls prey to the curse of most sequels in which 'more' is often a thin concept stretched beyond its limits and misconstrued to mean 'bigger and better.'
...nearly gave me a seizure (and movie-wise, I don't seizure lightly).
Surprisingly, Day Watch ups the ante with preposterously entertaining plot lines and fewer mind blowing effects [than the first].
Blurs the distinction between the pretentious and the profound. Still, the illusion is a viscerally compelling one and begs the question of how Bekmambetov will ever top himself.
Every bit as puzzling as its predecessor, but it's shot in such a bold, crazy way that you have to admire its pure audacity.
Spectaculars don't come much more bombastic than this goth-Russian supernatural epic.
Day Watch is a bit like Vegas: a bunch of crazy, gaudy stuff that all fits together surprisingly well.
One hell of a movie.
The pretentious plot aside, this is a highly stylized film that effortlessly blends brilliant imagery with heart-pounding action sequences.
Answers the eternal question: The world will not end in fire or ice but by a yo-yo.
Maybe they didn't invent the vampire movie. But thanks to Night Watch and now Day Watch, the Russians certainly have the last word in it.
The filmmakers destroy Moscow with the same glee that Godzilla has in stomping Tokyo. Even though Day Watch is probably a good 20 minutes too long, it's easy to forgive its excesses because Bekmambetov just seems to be having so much fun.
It has fewer hallmarks of an epic, but it feels bigger, fuller -- a more complete work of fantasy.
There's something to be said when the big reveal of a hiding place for a piece of chalk is more emotionally satisfying than the dramatization of a young boy turning towards evil.
Stylistically very different from anything we normally see in the United States. It's a lush film, bathed in an opulent darkness and dread. It has a Russian sensibility and embraces the character driven philosophy of European films.
The series' theme might be that the center cannot hold, but the idea gets played out too literally, as Day Watch can barely keep an idea on the screen for a few minutes before whipping off in a new direction.
In comparison [to Night Watch], Day Watch is straightforward, explaining what's gone before while telling a fantastical story and having fun doing it.
Daywatch has the fingerprints of Hollywood miscalculation.
It's a playful, surrealistic antidote to standard genre entertainment.
Day Watch is fast and furious and larded with bizarre laughs, and given its ending, we really can't wait to see what happens in Dusk Watch, the third installment.
It's exhausting just trying to imagine what 46-year-old director Timur Bekmambetov would do with Hollywood money. Yet, as puffed up as it is, Day Watch is redeemed by its sardonic, Slavic take on the end of the world.
To the credit of [director] Timur Bekmambetov, it is possible to dive into the second chapter of the ambitious, visually dazzling Russian fantasy trilogy that began with 2004's Night Watch without feeling completely adrift.
Were I to tell you the summer's most awesome blockbuster action sequel involved a war over a piece of chalk, you'd laugh. But it's true.
This sequel to the convoluted Night Watch offers more of the same.
Day Watch may not suit everyone, but it opens a big can of Russian whoop-de-whoop on anyone willing to take it.
At an hour and 10 minutes... I was itching with boredom... Unfortunately, with the film's excruciating running time of two hours and 20 minutes, my ordeal had reached only the halfway point.
"Day Watch" is like a drone of cinematic House music for the eyes.
Its imagination is limited. The backstory is shallow and pat. Its characters are mostly one-note. And everything goes on much too long at 133 minutes.
Day Watch sports a fast and exciting surface, but none of it makes a lick of sense.
The cinematic equivalent of a bludgeon that wallops you into a sort of mindless stupor with its brazenly stupid plot and chintzy visual pyrotechnics.
This sequel reprises the original's conceit that if you just throw a lot of cool fantasy ballyhoo together, who cares if coherence becomes collateral damage? [This] is what you'd imagine it's like being stuck inside the head of a geeky 12-year-old boy.
Day Watch could have been shorter and simpler, but the same might be said for any of the current Hollywood blockbusters -- none of which offer as many surprises.
Bekmambetov and his crafty cinematographer Sergei Trofimov have so many different tricks that you'll be smiling at the scenes that make no sense.
The story could easily bog down in its mix of cumulative incident and complicated interpersonal drama. But with Bekmambetov at the helm, it's a high-energy blast.
There are many stunning special effects, including a car chase up the side of a building, as well as the sort of wild animated subtitles that turned up in Night Watch.
Night Watch was a deliriously stylish and endlessly inventive rollercoaster ride; Day Watch adds emotional resonance to the mix to create an epic that's got more energy and depth than all three Lord of the Rings movies combined.
You don't need to have seen the original to pick up the user-friendly sequel. Take a deep breath after the intimidating opening montage and you'll be just fine.
"Daywatch" looks huge -- Bekmambetov really knows how to marshal his limited resources. But the picture feels heavy; sitting through it is like swimming through lard.
Dazzles and confuses with equal determination.
The picture is still a Russian-centric blob of overcooked genre pie filling, aiming high but barely able to keep up with itself; yet, Day Watch is a step in the right direction
This thing moves in so many directions, and moves there so unbelievably quickly, by the time I thought I had it all pretty much figured out the director had the film suddenly sprinting off into an entirely new direction altogether.
With what seems to be a freer hand and a bigger budget, Bekmambetov returns with an even slicker, faster-paced and funnier take on the black magical sub-castes born in the novels of Sergei Lukyanenko and Vladimir Vasiliev.
An oddly sweet-tempered mix of hyperbole, understatement and profoundly Slavic philosophizing about guilt, freedom and responsibility.
Chalk of Fate? I'll refrain from the nails-on-a-chalkboard references when it comes to Day Watch - not because I can resist whacky wordplay, but because the movie was so monotones to me, I couldn't muster an actual cringe.
The first film ... had style and a specifically Russian streak of dark angst. Day Watch continues in that tradition but adds one unexpected element -- a weird sense of humor.
If you don't take it seriously -- i.e., if you're able to laugh at the notion of a piece of chalk that undoes time -- the sequel is a minor wackjob head trip.
Bekmambetov mostly keeps his story moving forward on the back of his immensely likable protagonist, played by Konstantin Khabensky.
The worst thing Bekmambetov has picked up from his American models is the tendency of megasequels to aggrandize material grown enervated, to compensate for thinness by spreading out.
A marked improvement over the original, it further proves Bekmambetov's abilities as a visionary filmmaker, though he sometimes loses sight of storytelling in favor of impressive action sequences and amusing sidetracks.
However innovative and arresting the filmmaking, interest in this chapter begins to wane at the 105-minute mark.
Aside from one stunning image of a sports car skidding along the face of a curved high-rise hotel, Night Watch fails to even equal its forebear's handful of flashy CG moments.
Day Watch, like Night Watch, doesn't take itself seriously, one of its chief charms.




@highlight

Day Watch is frequently cheesy but it offers enough twists, surprises, and inventive action sequences to maintain viewer interest.