Beyond the identity politics and humor, Obvious Child goes the extra mile to represent a seldom voiced, moderate position about a hot button topic.
It doesn't overtly try to be anything more than what it is, which makes it that much more cool to watch.
It's a big step forward that [Gillian] Robespierre's indie comedy never treats whether Donna should have an abortion as a debate; Instead, the film addresses what happens once that decision is made.
This film is quirky and witty but far surpasses its pregnancy counterparts like Juno or Knocked Up with a crew of folks determined to depict abortion simply as a part of life and nothing to be ashamed of.
Like her movie, Slate grows on you.
What a funny film it is.
A sensitive, bawdy delight.
The narrative goes in a direction that feels both familiar and surprisingly daring, and amongst some self-aware dialogue is a constant honesty with the situation at hand.
The humor in Obvious Child never trivializes its characters' feelings, but instead provides a balance and the ability to explore more nuanced emotional situations.
A frequently uneasy potluck of mixed emotional terrain, hit-and-miss jokes, and one transcendent performance that impressively, if messily, ties it all together.
It's a frank, funny and emotionally sophisticated story that quietly declines to fall in line with what is expected of young women on the big screen.
Obvious Child is bound to connect with lots of young women.
Robespierre's direction of the many fine actors she assembled is assured, her sense of pacing nicely loose-limbed.
Robespierre does a nice job of balancing the seriousness of this situation with the no-boundaries irreverence of Donna's comedy background.
Robespierre is reaching out to other women about the value of sharing our experiences in this weighty and hilarious comedy.
How wonderful that a film that is so unapologetically frank should simultaneously feel so warm and delightful.
It's bold, but it's not a film that's just trying to be bold; it's just trying to be real -- and it is.
[Slate is] fittingly cast here, playing Donna detached and irreverent in one scene, confessional and needy in the next.
An independent film with characters you'll care about as well as a rare silver screen attempt to at least begin to try to understand the nature of abortion.
It's astonishingly, wonderfully refreshing.
The movie is smart and it is very funny.
Writer-director Gillian Robespierre and star Jenny Slate team up to create a fine portrait of a twenty-something comedian dealing with life as a struggling performer in New York City.
This generous, hilarious character study suggests Jenny Slate has more still to offer.
There's a raunchy, female Woody Allen-from-the-1970s vibe to Obvious Child that rings an overfamiliar bell. We've seen much of this before, but it goes down easily enough this time.
Slate, who had a brief and unremarkable tenure on Saturday Night Live, proves a winning companion; it's a hang-out movie, and she's fun to hang out with.
Slate erases the boundary between a good comedic performance and a good dramatic one: Her wit is most palpable when expressed verbally, but the most essential stuff, the growing wisdom, is conveyed without words.
Hats off to any film that tries (and succeeds) at presenting challenging, off-putting characters from whose palms I'm reluctantly persuaded to eat.
As we laugh and wince at her heroine's behavior, Robespierre gets the tone exactly right in Obvious Child.
Credit writer-director Gillian Robespierre and her star, Jenny Slate, for doing something fresh and witty within the problematic romcom formula.
Somehow it all still works. Obvious Child is like one of those kid's paintings where the riot of irreconcilable elements is unified by the charm and madness of a skilled naivety.
Beneath the clinical, sarcastic wit, there is a depth to her treatment of the story that builds gradually into a poignant, mature understanding of her central characters and the world they inhabit.
A modern, human comedy that tackles a controversial subject with ease.
A smart, candid, foul-mouthed and thoroughly charming subversion of sugary romantic fantasies and stereotypical representations of women on screen.
A comedy alternately caustic and sweet.
Beneath the film's frequently sardonic front [...] is a sobering maturity, one contextualized with quotidian poetry.
The sisterhood is here and seeing it at work, getting on with the business of living, is actually very moving.
Obvious Child succeeds as a concise comedy unafraid of quarter-life malaise, an affecting debut from an emerging talent, and a star vehicle for Jenny Slate.
Robespierre is at her most assured in her handling of Donna's stand-up act: this is a rare example of a film about a creative type in which the process of transforming life into art is shown plausibly and in some detail.
Slate is truly something to behold.
As a rom-com, it's so safe and unchallenging that it won't stick in your brain long enough for the message to matter.
Despite a few too-cute moments, the movie is both smarter and more sympathetic than that glib shorthand.
I left 'Obvious Child' thinking not of Donna, the story's heroine, but of Jenny Slate, an intriguing screen presence who deserves better material.
An inventive take on the rom-com genre, this genuinely hilarious film is even more engaging because its characters and premise are unexpectedly honest.
Robespierre's admirably forthright romcom remains good-natured as it flies the flag for a woman's right to choose ...
Writer-director Robespierre's low-budget comedy-drama is both caustic and heartfelt.
In Obvious Child, stand-up comedian Jenny Slate plays stand-up comedian Donna Stern, a Brooklyn hipster who puts absolutely no filters between her most intimate, embarrassing thoughts and her shtick on stage.
Obvious Child's radicalism lies in its lack of radicalism: there is no grandstanding in the manner of If These Walls Could Talk, no naughty trolling à la Sarah Silverman.
Beautifully redresses how the realities of women's lives are too often ignored on film... and does so with startling raw power and humor.
Just reading about this film will make some people feel sick. I adored it.
Obvious Child is a genuine attempt to drag the moribund rom-com genre into more relatable and mature territory, and while it sometimes falls short of its aims, it's an admirable step in the right direction.
Robespierre and Slate deserve credit for nudging the abortion narrative away from scaremongering horror, and back towards, if not an entirely happy ending, then at least something a girl might get a joke or two out of.
Actor and stand-up Jenny Slate shines in this romantic comedy which faces up to the realities of abortion.
You root for Donna, because she's got a redemptive measure of self-awareness, and because Robespierre and Slate offer such a warm and authentic portrait of a screw-up.
Sharp, funny and feeling, this isn't just Juno-meets-Girls but a smart film that tackles real-life issues with rare frankness.
Fizzing with neurosis and nervous gags, Jenny Slate's winning odd-couple romance with a gawky Jake Lacy carries the movie over the odd comic misfire.
There are many reasons to love this film, not least because it's gutsy and genuinely funny, but perhaps Obvious Child's most admirable quality is that its feminism is very real.
A wonderfully offbeat film about, yes, an abortion.
Obvious Child significantly lifts the romantic comedy genre from the predictable rut it has fallen into.
...doesn't run away from the subject of abortion like most movies (and some movie reviews) do. If you go into it looking for a hammer with which to batter writer-director Gillian Robespierre, well, she has left plenty lying around.
Even at a scant 83 minutes running time, the film has some big voids filled with wasted scenes... A better use of the time would have helped give the movie a little more depth.
The humor is balanced with small dramatic beats that lend authentic emotion to the proceedings.
A prime example of what "indie" means, mid-2014.
Robespierre has realized a thought experiment on film: How would Knocked Up play from the perspective of Seth Rogen's female equivalent?
As a character, Donna Stern proves to be a mirror reflection of the movie surrounding her: intelligent, spirited, honest and more than a little awkward.
Although its overt pro-choice stance is germane to the story, as opposed to political grandstanding, the film does little to earn the sympathy it craves.
Obvious Child is so much more than just The Abortion Movie. It's a strong character study of a modern woman in New York City.
Before long she has something to remember their night together though, and has to face the most terrible decision that can occur to a grown-up during an unplanned pregnancy: telling her mom.
That she makes the audience empathize more than judge is testament to Slate's skill. Obvious frontrunner for indie comedy of the year.
A small, offbeat dramatic comedy that deftly -- and humorously -- explores touchy territory.
The film tiptoes around the issue as much as something like "Knocked Up" did - it just tiptoes around the other side.
Slate is adept with biting remarks and self-deprecation, and she balances Donna somewhere between flightiness and innocence.
"Obvious Child" covers some tricky and touchy territory, but it does it with such wit and warmth that only the most diehard pro-life fanatic could take offense.
Obvious Child is such an anomaly, such a shaggy and brave black sheep, that it's hard not to embrace -- especially when it's got puffy red eyes and mucous all over its face chanting "love sucks."
It is unlikely to change any hearts or minds in our perpetually and permanently polarized times, but the film has the courage of its convictions, which likely limits appeal to a like-minded audience.
Sorry, partisans, but there's nothing obvious about "Obvious Child."
Had Robespierre been consistently tough-minded, Obvious Child might have been just as funny but could also have risen to the level of a really good movie rather than a pretty good one.
It zigs when you expect it to zag.
Edgy, female-centric romantic dramedy. For a sophisticated audience, it's refreshingly revealing.
As conventional as its bigger California cousins in so many ways that except for its raggedy look it's virtually indistinguishable from them.
Slate's jaw-dropping turn as the affable protagonist surely marks the arrival of a fierce new acting talent.
The Obvious Child feels fresh for a number of reasons, not least its straight-on tackling of the abortion issue.
Obvious Child takes the same shape as its elfin lead actress; it's just a slip of a thing, and it slips easily into different guises, from coarsely funny to gloaming-gloomy.
The movie takes a refreshingly honest look at the nuances and realities of unplanned pregnancy in a way few recent movies have.
Director Gillian Robespierre arranges this as slice-of-single-life comedy, and it works well ...
Slate is too pretty a face and Robespierre is too limited a writer for Obvious Child to rise above conventional romantic plotting or to make its low comedy meaningfully transgressive.
[Slate] shows surprising range as an actress. She's captivating whether she's telling cringe-worthy jokes on stage or weepily climbing into bed with her mother.
A cross between a Woody Allen farce and a one-woman show by Sarah Silverman.
Robespierre has conceived something you don't see every day: a feminist rom-com that unapologetically allows its flawed protagonist to let it all hang out...But [it's] one of those pictures that's just good enough that you dearly wish it were better.
Robespierre and company deserve high praise for tackling a story with such a difficult subject at its heart, with a combination of grace, humour and courage.
"Obvious Child" enters territory rarely trod by romantic comedies - it's clear Donna's in no way ready to have a child - and does so with warmth and wit.
A foul-mouthed comedy with an immature heroine has treated a thorny issue with remarkable candor.
Virtue and vulgarity fight to a draw via a film that should put the vivacious Jenny Slate and director Gillian Robespierre on everyone's indie radar.
Obvious Child plays as though Gillian Robespierre and Jenny Slate watched the "Knocked Up" debate from the sidelines, turned to one another, and blurted out, in unison, "challenge accepted!"
One of the first American films to take an unabashedly pro-choice, relatively drama-free look at one woman's decision, it's also an endearing and even poignant comedy.
Insightful, hilarious, and filthy as all get-out, Obvious Child promises big things ahead for director Gillian Robespierre and star Jenny Slate.
Even if the easy shorthand of "abortion comedy" is understandable in a way, the labeling of Obvious Child as such diminishes what this movie is really about
Jenny Slate? Here comes a great comedy star in a smart, conversational, bluntly funny, certainly subversive romcom.
Like Woody Allen's early, New York City set comedies, only raunchier, more potty-mouthed and more like TV. Slate is terrific.
A briskly feminine, staunchly independent, deliciously coarse effort, Obvious Child plays like a lost track from Exile in Guyville.
It's that sense of normalcy that makes the film such a subversive success in terms of addressing a political debate that ... it otherwise goes out of its way to avoid having.
"Obvious Child" is being promoted as a groundbreaking topical comedy about abortion. But it's less than that. And more. And, basically, not.
A movie that feels risky and forgiving and, despite its traditional rom-com contours, refreshingly new.
What it lacks is dramatic interest. There's no zing in it.
The heroine can't seem to come up with any material that doesn't involve bodily functions; she never goes near the subject of motherhood, which proves that the filmmakers are scared to death of their own story.
Moment to moment, you believe what's happening in Robespierre's film, which is funny and rueful in roughly equal measure without being despairing in the slightest.
It's a well-written rom-com with rascally charm, a modest story of an awkward Brooklyn girl making a go of life.
The movie doesn't present itself as some kind of secular equivalent of a moral lesson. It's not callous or weepy or preachy - or self-consciously not those things. It's a naturally told story.
The humor gets dark but the future looks bright for Robespierre and Slate.
I want to hug this movie.
It is an awkward, cynical film that clearly knows little about the romantic comedies its main character says she despises.
Whatever talent or care Robespierre has goes into guiding the actors toward real gentleness, including Slate, who spends the movie with big, untamed hair. Her affect is brazenly ungroomed.
Smart, irreverent, edgy romcom about complex choices.
It seems less like a film about characters using humor to mask misery than a film not ready to deal with the misery it's brought up.
'Obvious Child' is a small-scale but winning comedy from writer-director Gillian Robespierre and leading lady Jenny Slate.
The beauty of Obvious Child is that there's nothing obvious about it.
A fantastically frank and very funny comedy about the messy parts of life.
Jenny Slate demonstrates the gift that sets apart the great actors from the good ones: The ability to move you to tears without saying a word.
Quirky, funny and GUTSY.
Watching all of these people listen, talk, behave, react, think, work stuff out...that's the genius of "Obvious Child," that's the strength and beauty of its unique wavelength.
It's a small, modest film that doesn't act like it's groundbreaking. But it is.
For many women who see it - and quite a few men too - it will instantly become a landmark moment in cultural history.
Life is awkward, emotions are unfiltered, it all unfolds with a raw, R-rated edge.
The heart of the film lies in what it manages to say, without boldface or italics, about how hard it is for Donna, like so many of her anxious cohort, to make genuine connections, to break free of narcissistic constraints and become a stand-up grown-up.
It's both funny and serious without trying too hard to be either, and by trying above all to be honest.
A celebration of oversharing, abortion-related or not.
A well-realized, straight-ahead rom-com, one with the potential to reinvigorate a genre that's been flagging for decades.
Jenny Slate's engaging performance keeps us along for the ride.
A dark romantic comedy that has plenty of the first, a little of the second and none of third.
Obvious Child is a romcom with a sting in its tail. And Slate is a dynamo, nailing every laugh while showing a true actor's gift for nuance.
The only agenda that Obvious Child has is to be true and funny, and it succeeds impressively at both.
A fresh-faced, faux-messy romantic comedy with a refreshingly economic take on the usual meet-cute / separation crisis / resolution arc.
...Obvious Child flits from belly laugh to belly laugh on the strength of its delightfully shocking dialogue and a freewheeling lead performance by Jenny Slate.
Maturity -- what a concept! That's the humorous, self-lacerating notion at the core of Gillian Robespierre's Obvious Child.
Laughter may be the best medicine, but in "Obvious Child," it's also a helluva cure for dealing with a serious topic.
Touching on a red-hot issue, "Obvious Child" is agreeably gentle, and even wise.
If you see disregard or irresponsibility when you watch OBVIOUS CHILD, you're not looking hard enough.
It's hard to warm up to a movie when you hate its central character and it's also frustrating when a comedy about stand-up goes out of its way to be so unfunny.
There's something old-Hollywood about Slate's dizzy-dame charm, and at the same time, something very modern about her unapologetic ownership of her own sexuality.
It's a small film but should provide a big launch for Jenny Slate. Now I want to see her in a comedy with Kathryn Hahn.
If nothing else, Obvious Child proves that rom-com conventions require no apologies, at least when they're invested with honesty and sharp humor. Also, a few fart jokes never hurt.
Slate fits the role so well that her persona already seems fully formed, like Athena bursting from the skull of Louis C.K.
Simply a bad rom-com.
Gillian Robespierre's debut feature is a provocative, amusing comedy -- provided you cotton to the main character.
Anyone curious about the state of women in film or just women in general must see Gillian Robespierre's Obvious Child.
Despite its controversial topic, it manages to be desperately romantic-maybe the biggest shock of all.
By placing the abortion in the context of a much broader series of events, Robespierre normalizes it.
Raunchy humor laced with gradually revealed vulnerability makes for a winning combination in Obvious Child, a wildly funny and appealing female-centric comedy that launches very promising talent on both sides of the camera.
Obvious is the word.
Hats off to Robespierre and Slate. They've managed to deliver a film with actual edge, which somehow retains the characteristics that any successful romantic comedy should have.
An oddball comedy about a screwed-up 28-year old stand-up comic who tries to get her life back on track after learning that she is pregnant.
Whatever your foreknowledge of low-budget Brooklyn dramedies, it's impossible that Gillian Robespierre's film won't lob you at least a few curveballs.
Either the perfect vehicle for Jenny Slate, or evidence that Jenny Slate can turn anything into a profound, hilarious performance. I'm willing to believe the latter.
Obvious Child is well-made and wickedly bold, but I still found myself wishing for a little more subtle maturity on the part of its characters and creators.
Jenny Slate shines in a romantic comedy that dares to consider the subject of abortion suitable for date-night crowds.
This film deserves to be seen as a major breakthrough for Jenny Slate who commands the kind of humor and honesty that stars possess.
Obvious Child might hail from the same grungy sorority as Frances Ha or Lena Dunham's Girls, but it has a bounce and vitality that is inimitably its own.

@highlight

Tackling a sensitive subject with maturity, honesty, and wit, Obvious Child serves as a deeply promising debut for writer-director Gillian Robespierre.