...a misfire of nigh epic proportions...
Like the painting, B-grade horror movie fast loses appeal.
A dismal mess.
While Wilde's wit remains firmly entrenched, there's also a gruesome vein of gothic horror, and elements of the original which existed in the subtext or were merely hinted at are brought graphically into the open.
click to read full review
If it was Oscar Wilde who said that experience is the name that everyone gives to their mistakes, then this Dorian Gray is quite an experience!
This uneasy mixture of horror and elegant wit, which worked so well originally, never really catches fire thanks to Parker's undistinguished handling.
Colin Firth is perfect as the devil's advocate, as this adaptation of 19th century gothic taps into the modern zeitgeist.
It's a morality tale told through amorality and the pursuit of pleasures of the flesh
There's an edge of psychological horror in director Oliver Parker's third Oscar Wilde story that tells how Ben Barnes' Dorian Gray sells his soul to the devil in return for his youth and beauty
By leaving nothing up to the imagination, Parker destroys the very essence of the film.
An impressive character piece that explores important themes ... as well as embellishing aspects of the original story that have never been fleshed out so elaborately.
Depravity is better suggested than made explicit when it becomes vulgar, pornographic or comic, and possibly all three.
A sturdy piece of heritage horror, as tasteful and handsome as any Brit movie with bustles and frock-coats on its agenda.
A very respectful retelling and study of man's inherent quest for self-destruction given the removal of personal ramifications.
Teenagers will love this film. They will love it because there are lots of close-ups of Barnes being done unto or doing unto others. As a vehicle for a rising and undeniably talented star, it hits the spot.
An ambitious if decidedly uneven interpretation of the last great Gothic horror novel.
These are interesting ideas, but they would work better if there was more decadence on show earlier on to nail Gray's corruption.
Wilde survives intact - and with some flair - although the results will do more for sixth-form literature students and their teachers than for film connoisseurs.
Some neat formal flourishes from its director Oliver Parker and a truly handsome supporting turn from Colin Firth, this story demands a more versatile and charismatic central player than the powerfully blank Ben Barnes.
It has the style of a Hammer shocker from decades ago; Wilde's romance is caricatured, certainly, but the whole thing is socked over with gusto.
Beyond mildly risqué bisexual assignations, the filmmaking isn't terribly adventurous, but cinematographer Roger Pratt gives it an inky opulence, and it's quite watchable.
Parker directs his version like a kid who, after one too many Haribos, has been let loose with a bumper-pack of poster paints.
Both the visceral sense and the little grey cerebral cells are well served within the company of such a pleasingly ambiguous age-defying title character in the shape of Dorian Gray.
Just like Dorian, it's all style and no substance. And valiant turns from Firth and co can't save this from being a melodramatic, overwrought mess.
A perfectly serviceable slab of gothic horror which - even if it glosses over Wilde's philosophical subtexts - packs a considerable punch.
This polished affair is easy on the eye but cold to the touch. You end up wondering why it was made at all, beyond giving lazy schoolkids a pre-exam crib.
This is not Wilde. It's tame and dreary, with no energy, suspense or horror. When the picture of Dorian's demonic soul is finally uncovered, it resembles not so much evil incarnate as the late Max Wall.
While Dorian Gray is a visually impressive take on 19th Century London, it is a little bit dull - a reflection of Ben himself.
It is a fairly good-looking film, but eccentrically cast - Ben Barnes is insufficiently charismatic in the central role - and the real problem is that while it has some effective moments of horror it is, as a drama, peculiarly inert.
Parker's staging and direction are hopelessly inert; the orgy scenes are knocked off from Eyes Wide Shut, while the later movement into darkness looks (and sounds) like a cheap slasher movie.
A flawed but characterful niche thriller, it's one for those who love to feast their eyes on rambling mansions, smoking jackets and dastardly wits.
Disappointing horror adaptation that has one or two good points but is ultimately let down by a lacklustre script, unimaginative direction and a shockingly bland performance by Ben Barnes.
Oscar Wilde's classic novel is turned into a schlock horror movie, totally engulfed by gloomy atmosphere and over-the-top filmmaking. It's watchably cheesy, but completely lacks Wilde's incisive wit or observation.
Bad panto with t**s. Firth - all dodgy 'tache and frantic eyebrows - has got the sexual allure of a man who runs a swingers' club in Surbiton. And Ben Barnes is so flat as Dorian, I had to double-check he wasn't playing the painting.
It's all surface gloss and faux decadence, a pretty picture with no heart or soul, and a vacuous reminder of the artistic and intellectual sacrifices made in mid-level, publicly-funded British films in their pursuit of box-office booty.
As I left the cinema, I heard someone say they had aged twenty five years while watching the film. Sadly, I concur.


@highlight

Despite a lavish and polished production, Dorian Gray is tame and uninspired with a lifeless performance by Ben Barnes in the title role.