[Chronicle]'s approach delivers a fresh take on superhero genre and its attitude should appeal to its YouTube generation target audience.
Trank's debut feature treats the audience to a deluge of teen angst, power trips, comradeship and rivalry yielding an insightful look into the unstable machine driving humans' wills and desires.
A found-footage film, like 'Blair Witch,' combined with 'Bowling for Columbine.' Instead of witches and guns, it's a teen outcast with supernormal abilities; like 'Carrie' with shaky-cam and cool CG.
Somewhere amidst a jumble of fast images and unscripted shouts, I couldn't help but feel that this all would have been more effective in a movie that played the material with a more straightforward approach.
Superpowers mightn't be for everybody - especially angry, disaffected teenagers.
The visual effects in Chronicle are astounding, but it's the well-drawn characters and convincing performances that keep it so wildly entertaining.
Chronicle is a sometimes fun, slightly dark film about a boy and his camera.
Villains rarely get the lead-character treatment in Hollywood, and that alone makes Chronicle worthy viewing if one is craving a unique found-footage film.
Such cleverness doesn't save the film from predictability and contrivance; it's a triumph of mindlessness over matter.
As pulp sci-fi this Fox release is pretty good, but it's also commendable for its sensitive depiction of adolescent behavior.
Chronicle isn't just a unique found-footage movie or superior superhero film, it's a truly enjoyable blend of the best each genre has to offer.
If other filmmakers involved in this genre could put as much time and effort into their story and characters as screenwriter Max Landis and director Josh Trank did here, there'd be a lot more of them worth watching
If how you finish is the pinnacle of performance, Chronicle drills the game winning kick through the uprights just as triple-zeros strike the clock.
Captures the wonder of the superhero power fantasy in a way few films ever have.
The overwhelming number of superhero films of late and the seemingly limitless ability of CGI have taken some of the wonder out of displays of dazzling feats beyond ordinary human potential. Chronicle restores that thrill.
Understands postpubescent psychology and even lightly traffics in philosophy...Here are newly born man and superman, both unprepared for the consequences of their sudden inheritance of the earth. [Blu-ray]
There's not much in the way of character development, and the acting, though competent, isn't a selling point. The special effects are decent, but not incredible. If you buy "Chronicle," it's because of the concept itself.
A bold mix of "The Craft" and "Akira"...
The finale, indeed, makes a lot of what we've seen in much more expensive superhero films look stupid.
What is Chronicle? It's the answer to the question that you asked your friends when you're a kid - what would it be like if super powers were real?
An intriguing, character-driven genre story well told.
Clearly made to kick off a new found-footage franchise, Chronicle is a very clever story about teens who develop unusual powers, mixing everyday reality with some excellent out of this world sci-fi fantasy.
A semi-serious sci-fi romp, lighter and more fun than many of the comic-book movies that it steals from, a superhero movie in which nobody ever crusades, or wears a cape.
Utterly gripping...
Takes itself too seriously and by the end it was hard not to laugh at the Carrie in a cape concept. The problem is that the found footage/hand cam concept does not service the story and the film would have benefitted without it.
A decisão de contar sua história exclusivamente através de câmeras subjetivas, como em vários outros pseudomentários, é ao mesmo tempo sua maior força e sua maior fraqueza.
There is no denying its originality, commitment, and sheer entertainment value.
Chronicle is a thoughtful and empathetic story of three disparate teens who end up with special powers and how it does or does not change them.
... Max Landis' script (from a story by him and director Josh Trank) has real depth and subtlety ...
me th megalh dynamh den erxetai akribws megalh eythynh, para mallon h megalh eykairia na kseperaseis toys blammenoys toy Jackass se kafrilikia
even when the film is working, it's hard not to wonder how the in-story videorecording adds to the effect in any appreciable way
Chronicle provides more emotional weight than the typical found-footage movie, and that makes it an enjoyable example of a film that is a cut above its genre roots.
an enjoyable spin through the tropes of the superhero origin story
This movie attempts to answer the question, what would happen if an angry person suddenly had the power to impose his will on everyone else? The answer is, things would get very bad very fast.
This isn't a family-friendly superhero flick like Sky High nor is it a costume-clad wish-fulfillment fantasy like Kick-Ass. Instead, it grounds its science fiction in high school fact while taking uncomfortable detours into Columbine territory.
The found footage element keeps geting in the way of a good teenage superhero film.
"Chronicle" is the kind of science fiction that fans of the genre crave. Despite the limitations of the POV format, it rocks. I want more! Paul Chambers, CNN.
This is a nifty, watchable piece of wish-fulfilment entertainment with more than a couple of standout moments.
For much of its study of young supermen never grasping great responsibility, Chronicle offers a sense of how adolescents can become awfully, powerfully alien even to themselves.
It's like "Punk'd" with superpowers.
An okay movie, and this sucks because there's a pretty damn good movie inside of it, right there just barely out of sight.
My first thought was teenagers with super powers - not again! But somehow the script, the actors and the special effects made it something worth watching.
While most similar high-profile projects just consist of a lot of muscly guys wielding big weapons, zooming around outer space and saying forgettable stuff, this movie actually gives audiences something to invest themselves in.
"Chronicle" is a mildly experimental commercial film, and, for the most part, it's loose-limbed fun.
Even if McGrain were wrong on most of his charges, he is probably right on a few, and that is a sobering thought. The question is which ones.
Another one of those cheaply made shaky hand-held camera found-footage flicks.
Director Josh Trank does an impressive job of capturing the elation of three young men in the ecstatic throes of discovering they literally can do just about anything.
Takes all the standard Super Hero movie cliches dresses it up with an interesting "documentary" style approach that makes the movie seem fresher than it actually ends up being.
Not only does Trank have a real affinity for his characters, his instincts are pretty edgy, capturing the alienation, class rage and instability of teenage emotions.
The movie is surprisingly character based, using stock figures from a John Hughes High School comedy only to give them all more depth and nuance then you'd typically expect for a tale of this sort.
Neither the boys nor the film's director and screenwriter can think of anything to do with these special gifts that is not frivolous, playful or malevolent.
Stands above the rest in the "found footage" genre. I want more.
Slick sci-fi, appealing to its adolescent audience with the question: 'What would you do if you had super powers?'
The miracle of this little film ‒ easily the best thing I've seen so far this year ‒ is that it takes the X-Men formula and grounds it in the messy, blue-collar reality of Gus Van Sant.
The movie has to cheat every now and then to cover the story more fully (who has edited all this found footage together so perfectly?), but thank God it does because the film is richer for it.
A relentlessly-grim overhaul of Revenge of the Nerds into a comic book superhero saga with shades of Lord of the Flies.
Despite the "found footage" aspect, of which I am not a fan, Chronicle is highly entertaining.
Calling it found footage is inaccurate and a bit insulting. It never strains under the burden of making you believe what you're watching is true. Instead, this is a compelling character study couched in comic-book wit, color, action and momentum.
A superior found-footage thriller...
This film's fanboy ejaculate loves you short time as it spews the buildup of what could be interpreted as a "story" and ultimately ends without one.
I can't say the found-footage format of Chronicle was particularly impressive, but the rest of the film is a minor revelation.
A cool and clever twist on the coming-of-age origin story that fans of the genre will really enjoy.
When the action slows, Trank's hand grows heavy, pummeling us with scenes of ham-fisted histrionics that undermine the found-footage verisimilitude.
Seems poised to kick-start a big fat franchise, but it's a great little movie that stands perfectly well on its own.
It may be a somewhat realistic portrayal of entitled teenagers, but to me it was a story about three a-holes who just become super a-holes.
Teens get super powers in relatable but violent thriller.
Chronicle is the kind of movie that makes one excited about the future prospects of the man at the helm.
This is an ingenuous, albeit imperfect, film.
Quibbles aside, Chronicle sets a new bar in the 'found footage' genre ... and for that alone, we have to give it a cam-thumbs' up.
Both a clever use of the found footage technique and a demonstration of its limitations.
The opening 15 minutes is shot from the participants' own perspective, but the camerawork puts too much shake into the term 'shaky movie'. By the end, cameras seem to be floating around on their own.
Without the found-footage distraction, Chronicle is an entertaining and creative take on the concept of teenage superpowers.
A thoroughly exhilarating, imaginative and character driven sci-fi thriller that's invigoratingly smart and surprisingly poignant. It's destined to become a sci-fi classic.
A disappointingly mediocre film that needed some serious creative superpowers versus relying on docu-style gimmicks and trite morality tales. One plus: It wasn't in 3D!
Although it dog-legs into silly mayhem in the homestretch, for a good portion of its quick 83-minute running time Chronicle is a quite clever boys-gone-wild-on-telekinetic-powers fantasy.
Chronicle puts a fresh, invigorating spin on the superhero origin story, a tale Hollywood spins again and again (and again).
Chronicle may go over the top with its climax, but for such a giddy film, it's remarkably down to earth.
By the time it reaches a climactic good-against-evil showdown, the film ditches its character development in favor of a flashy fanboy fantasyland.
Based on Chronicle, it's clear that Trank has the right stuff to move up to big-budget fantasy movies. If he wants to, that is. In a lot of ways, he has already beaten the studios at their game.
What the film, directed by Josh Trank and written by him and Max Landis, lacks in Spielbergian production values, it makes up for in imagination.
Goes a long way toward reinvigorating a genre
Chronicle turns out to be--surprise!--a morality tale of good versus evil in the guise of a supernatural thriller: a phony faux doc.
There's no doubt in my mind that few genre movies will be as entertaining, charming, clever and thrilling as Chronicle
As a surprise entry in the mid-winter movie doldrums, "Chronicle" is a modest charmer.
This uneven but earnest, often exhilarating film derives its greatest interest from the way it turns the found-footage format inside out...
While experimental in many ways and redundant in others, the plot is original. Chronicle works on enough levels to make it worth - well - chronicling.
A clever, entertaining spin on the typical superhero origin story.
Chronicle is an absolutely incredible, brutally intense, emotionally engaging, original film that will blow your freaking mind. Stop what you're doing and see it now!
An uneasy cross between a Morrissey record and a middling X-Men sequel.
By the time you read this, the internet will be crawling with spoilers. Don't go looking for them. The movie deserves fresh eyes.
Director Josh Trank also strikes me as a big potential new directing talent, and if the rumors about him being behind the Fantastic Four reboot are true, count me in.
Though Chronicle won't necessarily stick with you, it's a pleasant surprise in the doldrums of the winter film season.
I'm poking fun at Trank's budget (or lack thereof), but I'm honestly impressed by what he and Landis are able to accomplish with what little money they must have had.
"Chronicle" is an energetic hodgepodge that tweaks familiar conventions just enough to seem fresh. Forget the X-Men - these are iHeroes.
The film is fun without reaching anything like the standard of Super 8 or Paranormal Activity, which also specialised in found footage.
Trank whips through Max Landis's storytelling with such addictive speed, it's like consuming several whole seasons of Heroes at a gulp.
An inventive little coming-of-age thriller about power, revenge and the dark side of human nature.
Once again, the conceit collapses along with the movie, and all that's left is third-act mayhem.
As yet another found-footage film, Chronicle makes a good argument against further use of this tired conceit.
With great power comes the responsibility to make a decent movie, but the mysterious force running through "Chronicle" is the power to supersuck.
A pretty good idea for a sci-fi thriller is undermined by hastiness - and by the pretense that it was mostly shot by one of its protagonists.
"Chronicle" is lean and scary and sad, and director Josh Trank and writer Max Landis have ample reason to be proud of what they've done.
A strong, well-told science fiction movie that uses its fantastical ideas to explore grounded human emotions. It's got vivid action and it has cool concepts, but most of it all it has great characters.
After being inundated with a bevy of comic-book superhero origin stories, how refreshing Chronicle is.
It's high-concept, proto-superhero fun on one hand, and on the other an angry, dead-serious story about the pain of being a teenager, and the burden of discovering what you're capable of as an adult.
...Does to superhero movies what Cloverfield did to the massive-monster-smashes-city subgenre - finds a new and unique perspective in a well-worn formula.
Decent for a while but ultimately falls prey to the same old, same old third act (Full Content Parental Review also available)
By telling us that the problem with bullied teens is... what they might do if they could fight back, Chronicle sides with the thugs, a not very pleasant place to be.
In an age when cinema so sparsely amazes anymore, "Chronicle" is a motion picture that does just that, again and again.
All things being equal, I'm looking forward to the sequel.
Director Josh Trank is a talent to watch.
A unique and hugely enjoyable addition to the superhero genre.
This is an unexpected treat: an intelligent, unsettling view of what could happen if three ordinary teenagers developed super powers.
The film, while undeniably energetic and entertaining in spots, is one of those slightly frustrating near-misses that never quite manages to live up to its considerable potential.
With Chronicle, the shaky-cam "real footage" movie, on the cusp of propelling some viewers into face-clawing lamentation, finally grows up.
It's a testament to Trank's capable direction that the movie feels so grounded in reality. There is no sense of the magical in the goings-on, even though what the boys are doing defies logic and gravity.
The best "found footage" flick in years, Chronicle makes great use of the you-are-there POV with stunning in-camera FX.
A bargain-basement 'X-Men' with a heavy dose of teen angst told in the all-too-familiar 'found footage' style. [The] final reel...comes across like bad outtakes from 'Superman II.'
[It] deconstructs the conventional superhero narrative and reassembles it as a canny discourse on impulse control and the troubled teen psyche.
Mr. Russell and Mr. Jordan are as likable as their characters, but it's Mr. DeHaan who pulls you uneasily in.
"Chronicle" is a compact movie that teases us about where it's headed, pays off satisfyingly and leaves us with a lingering thought: Be careful what superpowers you wish for.
The solid combination of smart direction, talented young actors, clever writing, imaginative cinematography and very good CGI make the buzz about the film that has been going on for months justified.
"Chronicle'' will never be mistaken for an artistic breakthrough, but it has a solid gimmick and pieces of it are brilliant.
...even though it is often derivative (think "Carrie" crossed with "Cloverfield"), director Josh Trank (TV's 'The Kill Point')...has a fresh voice, a sure hand with special effects and appealing leads...a breakout role for DeHaan
The potent and provocative journey in Chronicle never stops springing surprises. You'll be hooked.
A scary and sad movie about a victim of bullies who becomes what he hates most when he gets some mysterious superpowers.
This mind-and-fork-bending sci-fi saga comes from the freaky imaginations of director Josh Trank and screenwriter Max Landis, who've packed their feature debut with smartness.
This is how the young Clark Kent must have felt. If Clark Kent had been on Facebook.
You'll believe an emotionally damaged nerd can fly.
There are many exhilarating moments and ideas in Chronicle that make it a very good movie; if the filmmakers had ditched the unnecessary framing device of the characters filming themselves, it might have been a great one.
This is a movie that understands how to engage its audience - a spoonful of philosophy and a bucket of CGI.
If 8mm and Cloverfield mated, they might produce Chronicle.
This very promising feature debut by director Josh Trank turns into one smart thriller, a parable of unchecked power, and an action film in which the action -- although seen through a viewfinder -- carries the viewer away.
a minor masterwork.
Only works as long as you're willing to overlook some of the obvious discrepancies in the use of its format and feel it's a story worth telling regardless.
Chronicle is yet another movie supposedly cobbled from amateur video of extraordinary events. It's also the smartest example of that conceit I've seen since The Blair Witch Project hit the record button.
The simultaneously diverting and annoying Chronicle, directed by Josh Trask, is something like the 184th Found-Footage Faux-Doc horror movie of the past few years.
It isn't a great movie, but one could imagine -- and hope -- that it becomes a cult favorite, outlasting other films of its ilk.
Despite the low budget and non-famous leads, audiences may well respond to this brisk, topical drama.
Half a brain trumps a hollow skull.
Unlike other mock docs, which unconvincingly pass themselves off as real, Chronicle cleverly embraces the format as shorthand for a new kind of naturalism.
Chronicle exudes a certain unfussy technical polish, but only scratches the surface of its junior-level Magneto narrative and ultimately fritters away a quite promising concept.
Taking the found-footage thriller to a new level, this film throws real-life teens into an extraordinary story while deepening the characters and providing exhilarating action.
A strong calling card for the talents of Trank and Landis.
Breezily entertaining ... captures kids pretending to be knowledgeable and adult before realizing they're neither yet.
Chronicle such a dynamic and genuinely exciting piece of first-time feature film-making, giving birth to an equally exciting rising star in DeHaan.
DeHaan's central performance and Trank's sly, subversive story-telling deserve to connect with audiences who are hungry for scary thrills served with complexity.
What would you do, the movie asks, if you suddenly had superpowers? It's an interesting question, even as it fades away in a blur of chaotic special effects at the end.
This is an auspicious beginning for a couple of exciting, young filmmaking voices.
Sometimes a movie arrives out of the blue that announces the arrival of considerable new talents.
Perhaps now the found-footage gimmick has been fully exploited; let us never speak of it again.
The movie takes 80 minutes to explore what would take up a handful of pages in a superhero comic book, making the fantastic into something drab and mundane.
A whole lot better than many of the more traditional superhero movies we've seen.
There's plenty to like about Chronicle, but this seems to be a case where the medium obscures the message (or better yet, annoys us to the point where we no longer care what the message even is).
Taking an innovative approach to the found-footage sub-genre, Chronicle presents a dark tale about the consequences of powers received yet not earned, and the dangers of Darwinian rule when wielded by the powerful.
However volatile things get in the film's last act, Trunk shows enough restraint to ensure the action is gripping without ever becoming overblown or silly.
...even as its ostensible innovations flag, Chronicle remains watchable, and it doesn't hurt that the picture is a pretty tidy 85 minutes or so.
Give these guys more power and more responsibility.
Offers up little more than a tired morality play about the dangers of power, rehashing stale insights about the narcissism of the documentary impulse.
Almost as if the project was subject to a hostile takeover by Michael Bay, Chronicle goes so garishly gangbusters in its final third, you'd be forgiven for reaching for a pair of 3D glasses.
The naturalistic performances from the three leads make the fantastic seem possible for a middle portion which could otherwise have spun out of control, and they're definitely helped by the in-your-face reality of the format.
Inventively directed, cleverly written and superbly acted fantasy thriller that brilliantly mashes up the superhero, found footage and high school genres to terrifically entertaining effect.
Trank, working from a taut script by Max "Son of John" Landis, indulges in some wild, witty spectacle, but he's equally adept with the tale's grimmer elements...
Chronicle, with its found-footage storytelling and superpowered teens, at least playfully transcends its "Cloverfield meets Heroes" pitch.
An interesting, unique quality, offering good reason for its raw camerawork that changes during the course of the narrative. This is inventive filmmaking...
Like an addicting YouTube prank video that also intertwines out-of-this-world action with some very real and troubling issues.
[T]he superhero origin story we have become so very familiar with -- over the course of 80 years of comic book mutants and 40 years of superhero flicks -- in its purest form, stripped of all the pulp and all the camp that has accreted around the genre.
A stunning superhero/sci-fi that has appeared out of nowhere to demand your immediate attention.
It isn't wholly original but it does brim with emotion, imagination and modern implication. Take that, Bats.
A lot darker and disturbing than you might expect, Chronicle is a consistently watchable, assured debut, which largely overcomes the problems of its (now long past its sell-by date) format.
While Chronicle is a fast-paced, well-made film, and certainly one of my faves in the found footage flotsam and jetsam, it's a dramatic sci-fi thriller straight up. (There aren't any moments of 'horror'.)
While it holds onto its 'found footage' conceit a little too eagerly near the end, Chronicle is edgy, intelligent sci-fi, and as is uncommon for the sub-genre, has a strong regard for its characters.

@highlight

Chronicle transcends its found-footage gimmick with a smart script, fast-paced direction, and engaging performances from the young cast.