Should you see The Wolverine? If you understand that it's not a "superhero" film, but more of a superhero struggle type of movie with a guy who just happens to have some powers, you'll enjoy it.
There's no other word for the third act except this: impotent.
A multimillion dollar pile of tedium.
Most of all, I love being able to say finally that Hugh Jackman killed as The Wolverine.
The Wolverine is at its best when it deals with Logan's internal struggles and helps return fans of the franchise to the modern day.
Wonky closing chapter aside, there's enough in The Wolverine that I find myself preferring it to all of the comic book pictures we've seen so far this year.
Recite the following using Arnold's accent: 'Hugh is beeg! He has got striations, vascularity, and pectoral shelves!'
The Wolverine does hold great potential, but its best elements are underdeveloped.
Where's the coiled, fuming, cigar-chomping, sarcastic quip-firing killing machine from the first two X-Men movies? I want that guy back. He was fun.
This kind of clinical, halfhearted filmmaking is why superhero fatigue is as real as ever.
All that money, all those CGI techs working into the night, and it doesn't pack a fraction of the impact of a wooden-sword battle between two men in the comic.
Comic book films cannot survive on action or spectacle alone, so it is some comfort to know that The Wolverine has a relatively solid script.
Director James Mangold... directs action with flair -- there's a fight scene atop a bullet train with a knife wielding Yakuza that's the most exhilarating sequence I've seen all year.
There's lots of fun to be had with a train-top fight, allowing Wolverine to show off those adamantium claws, and snow-set Ninja battles, but the final sequence feels messy.
[Jackman has] grown into the role - carrying around a rough hemp sack of weariness, regret, determination and anger with each twitch of his scowl or line around his eyes.
For the most part, The Wolverine succeeds at being an improvement over the last solo outing for the clawed superhero. But it's not much better.
A fight with an assassin atop a speeding Japanese bullet train is guaranteed to leave the viewer giddy with excitement.
I had a ball.
There are superhero movies with better gags and then there are superhero films with more effects. Eschewing any of those in excess, what this film also offers is soul, pathos and a pretty good look at the multifaceted character that is The Wolverine.
If nothing else, The Wolverine proves how charismatic Jackman is. Because the star, far more than the stunts and the illogical script, is the reason to see this X-Men spinoff.
It's refreshing in this summer of supersized, city-destroying mayhem to see a smaller, personal superhero story.
Basically, it becomes another Wolverine yarn, and the energy and talent expended to find something worthwhile in that falls exhausted to the floor. It's enjoyable, even memorable. But comic-book lead can't be turned into gold.
It's Jackman's grace and talent that really sets The Wolverine apart.
Japan seems valued more for its scenery and costumes than anything having to do with its character.
Significantly improving on the silliness of the character's first X-Men-free outing, Marvel has turned out a movie that fits one of its most compelling characters as snugly as an indestructible steel skeleton.
Tossing aside everything that had made it distinctive, the film's final segment retreats to a generic industrial space for weightless computer generated destruction. Such a shame, as this was almost a real movie.
The action is swift, Jackman is jacked, and the 3D looks great. Where the film falters is the final act, which turns into a silly cartoon.
Director James Mangold and credited screenwriters Scott Frank and Mark Bomback develop Logan as a complex individual, rather than just using him as to provide still more hokey backstory and empty action.
The film is at its best when it is most reflective of the source material that inspired it, and it disappoints where it most fails to live up to that source material. ...I regret it didn't achieve more.
The standard action sequences pile up, interspersed with Wolverine's mooning about in a funk because he's lost the will to live.
Not a classic, but The Wolverine proves solid
The directorial skills Mangold applied to "Heavy," "3:10 to Yuma" and "Walk The Line" are in evidence, especially in an understanding of the Western's dynamics of quietude, then release.
Despite the faults, it's invigorating to see a franchise take its most popular character into uncharted emotional territory
It's basically a high-budget take on an old-school samurai flick, with Wolverine as the ronin. And it's as awesome as it sounds.
Jackman shuffles along with zombie obligation, as though he can't believe how much money he's been paid to go through these motions.
Preferring to stay broody and small-time, this minimalist noir, with little dialogue and no world-threatening schemes, intriguingly sustains its culture clash and blurring lines between man, beast and monster.
After this Origins film, the Wolverine character had the potentially of crashing and burning. Thankfully, it did not.
Looks like someone decided to take the Wolverine spin-off series seriously.
Man, Wolverine is a boring character. Never has that been made more apparent than in "The Wolverine."
Ultimately, this is Jackman's film, and he plays the reluctant but fearsome hero perfectly.
Moderadamente eficaz, mas não deixa de ser sintomático que sua melhor cena seja aquela que surge apenas durante os créditos finais.
...the movie simply doesn't have anything interesting or relevant to say about the iconic Marvel character.
Slick, entertaining, super-hero thrill ride, the only quibbles are its length - every big film these days seems to be 20 minutes too long - and its 3D conversion. Really, it's another example of the marginal difference that process often makes.
A superior, even adult Marvel Comics adaptation that plays almost like a straight gangster/yakuza thriller for much of its length, until the obligatory climactic superhero/supervillain dust-up.
For all the up and down The Wolverine is definitely more up than down more of the time... It still doesn't feel like the definitive adventure for the character, but there's potential for the character still.
The Wolverine can proudly take its place with most of the rest of its comic book brethren this summer - high atop the mountain of the Massively OK.
The movie contemplates Logan's existential dilemma for all of two seconds before getting to the slashing and bashing.
Clawing Thriller
a murky and muddled thing saved, such as it is, by Hugh Jackman's steadfast commitment
a man's mute, impotent melancholy and the many females around him engaged in the maintenance of their separate, disintegrating orbits.
After 2009′s bland X-Men Origins: Wolverine, it's refreshing to see Hugh Jackman inhabit the character in a movie that actually understands his inner conflict.
It's a relief to come across a blockbuster that finds a location and stays there, rather than hopping desperately from one place to the next ...
...its not the definitive Wolverine film that we had been promised. (Video Review)
The Wolverine is surprisingly dour and uneventful, at least by the carnage-n-claptrap standards of modern superhero movies
Much of the reason Wolverine has become everyone's favorite Canadian mutant is because, despite his origins in the Marvel Universe, he doesn't act much like a superhero.
It's Hugh's movie, and he's in formidable form, whether chatting with the dead Jean Grey, skewering multiple baddies, clinging to a bullet train's roof or performing seriously ouchy auto-surgery.
... a holdover to distract us from what we've been craving all along... it's still better than the last Wolverine sorta-solo outing, so there's that.
The standout moment is when Logan gets to grips with an assailant atop a hurtling bullet train. Fights on the roofs of speeding trains are a cinematic cliché, but the giddying velocity of the Japanese train gives the scene a uniquely thrilling momentum.
The very definition of a 'good enough' film... But 'good enough' is better by far than 'not good enough'.
Taken as a whole, The Wolverine is nearly as hit-and-miss as the rest of Mangold's filmography.
With a contemplative tone and slower pace, "The Wolverine" doesn't feel much like a superhero movie, which isn't a bad thing considering how plentiful the genre has become ...
At one point, with a giant metal suit controlled by Yashida battling Wolverine, the movie felt like outtakes from Pacific Rim.
A gingery palate cleanser in a summer of overcooked Big Macs.
'If you were as sick as I am,' said the old Japanese man propped up on a bed of hydraulic pistons, 'your oncologist would be a supermodel too - in a school-girl costume with braids and in need of a spanking!'
The changes [to the original comic are] pretty stupid, designed more for summer blockbuster purposes than to serve the story.
Clad throughout most of the film donning nothing but his retractable knuckle-claws, muttonchops, and a body cut enough to put Ginsu out of business, Jackman actually does a great job of portraying the human, emotional side of the eponymous mutant.
There is plenty of action in this second spin-off of the "X-Men" character. Fans will eat it up while all others will be okay with the excitement.
Somber and restrained but with bold, vivid strokes that make other comic-book flicks look juvenile by comparison.
In the glut of superhero movies hitting theaters, The Wolverine stands out for several reasons.
Ace solo adventure that's a great character piece. Will have you swiping at everything with your invisible Wolverine claws for days
A solid addition to the ever-burgeoning Marvel Comics universe, 'The Wolverine' is one of the few summer blockbusters that doesn't have a prolonged CGI battle as the finale.
This film doesn't offer much in the way of excitement or suspense. Aside from a slightly unexpected plot development in the final minutes, it does things by the book.
A refreshing , almost film noirish reboot of the Wolverine franchise that uses its Japan locations to good advantage. Jackman is a great action star.
Slow-moving and introspective, a bit too slow-moving, but it works well enough to be entertaining.
The Wolverine confirms what the prequel already suggested: that when it comes to Logan, less is definitely more.
Getting [Wolverine] to the movie's above-average finale required three writers - Christopher McQuarrie, Mark Bomback, and Scott Frank - to pad the plot.
An interesting but underwhelming spin on the Wolverine character, where intimacy outshines action.
It's loud, spectacular, dull, humourless and predictable.
Elevated above the ordinary comic-book adaptation by the charismatic ferocity of buffed-up Hugh Jackman.
More serious and morose than it needed to be I went to see a movie called The Wolverine, not a movie about weird, political in-fighting amongst a prominent Japanese family.
Superhero movies are often defined as much by their villains as by their good guys, and it's in this area where The Wolverine proves to be especially deficient.
They have yet to make a film that is as good as Hugh Jackman is at portraying Wolverine.
Crouching Viper, Hidden Wolverine!
The X-Men movies generally fall into two distinct categories - the great and the awful. The Wolverine is the first to land right in the middle.
This Wolverine outing includes one of the most exciting sequences of the year -- a villain and Wolverine fighting on top of Japan's high-speed bullet train. How cool is that!
It's an enjoyable addition to the X-Men series thanks mostly to Jackman's involvement... but it's hardly the definitive Wolverine movie that fans were promised.
A guileless movie that's been dulled on the page and sanitised in the editing suite.
It moves along as fast as a speeding bullet train, too bad the journey wasn't more pleasurable.
A fairly solid stand-alone story that embraces everything that has preceded it and mostly keeps the momentum going in the lead-up to the next X-Men film, due next year.
This installment is an improvement on the other film and follows a similar approach to other recent cinematic superhero adventures, trying to make its mutant character less cartoonish and more human.
The only surprises are how many times Jackman flashes his ripped pecs and biceps. Heck, his muscles are practically co-stars in this film.
The Wolverine ranks among the better X-Men (as well as comic book) movies - even though its artistic compromises prevent it from reaching greatness.
...this serious script suddenly reaches for cheesy catchphrase dialogue toward the end, in what seems to be an act of desperation.
A terrific character study of a beloved superhero. The Wolverine proves that there's still a lot of good stuff left to mine in his troubled, heroic psyche.
I was okay with The Wolverine as a summer popcorn movie. I just wish it wasn't trying so hard to not be one.
It takes a special kind of talent to make the prime player from the X-Men movies a bore.
The Wolverine marks Jackman's sixth time playing his iconic superhero role. It feels like the first.
It restores the tarnished lustre to this most fan-beloved of Marvel characters by doing precisely what Chris Claremont and Frank Miller's near-sacred 1982 run did: It pumps some feeling into the guy along with his muscles and steel talons.
The Wolverine wants to have it both ways: a dark character story and an action-packed superhero film. But it never reconciles the two notes, and thus becomes more and more atonal as it wobbles towards its symphonically jarring ending
This is a total package, as far as Marvel comic characters go. And, seriously, a buff Jackman without a shirt --- how can you go wrong?
The good in this film only slightly outweighs the tiresome.
By the end of the movie, Wolverine sort of manages to convince you everything would be better if he found a way to go off and die like he wants to.
Director James Mangold's film features some breathtakingly suspenseful action sequences, exquisite production and costume design and colorful characters, some of whom register more powerfully than others.
...it's clear there was a conscientious choice to make a film that favored character over pixel-driven effects.
Too quickly the random fights pile up -- so many yakuza thugs who forgot to wear chain mail that morning -- and you yearn for the film that might have been.
It's an occasionally serious film that never strays from its superhero roots.
Like every superhero movie of our age, The Wolverine's 126-minute overdose of violent macho showdowns means there's rarely a sense of jeopardy about anyone's fate.
It only took them six movies, but they finally got Wolverine right.
Mangold front-loads the action, but near the end there's a first-rate fight atop a bullet train between Wolverine/Logan and some especially pesky ninjas. It puts the train fights in the recent The Lone Ranger to shame.
The film has a desperation about it: Writers Mark Bomback and Scott Frank and director James Mangold hurl plot point after plot point at us as if they were boring themselves and afraid to bore us as well.
We've seen better. We've seen worse. Have another few yards ready for me in a years' time.
It may not be perfect, but at least this time it is recognizably Logan.
Just as comic-book movie fatigue was starting to set in, along comes The Wolverine to revive a moribund summer of superheroes.
Thrilling, action-packed adventure treads dark waters.
If Raymond Chandler wrote a mutant movie, it would look a lot like this.
The Wolverine is good enough that I kept wishing it were better -- that there was another layer to the story or another wrinkle to a character's motivation or a truly spectacular set-piece that lent the proceedings some extra oomph.
The idea of Wolverine fighting off waves of yakuza and ninjas amid shoji screens is tantalizing, but Mangold bungles the staging and cuts so fast that you can't ever savor their silhouettes.
Loses its way in the third act, but James Mangold cooks up a nice mystery-thriller in the early going.
This franchise is starting to feel as immortally weary as its most beloved hero.
This Japanese vacation looks like a smart, entertaining diversion for the X-Men franchise, but Wolverine soon proves to be a less than superhuman protagonist when taken out of an ensemble context.
A serviceable superhero exercise that does a number of things right.
A definite improvement on X-Men Origins: Wolverine.
Marvel has the most tortured, flawed superheroes in the comic book universe. Proof positive is substantiated throughout 'The Wolverine,' arguably the best of the shiv-wristed franchise. It is also the most grueling to watch.
Climbs far higher than many of its bigger and louder brethren.
Whether in the fights or the love scenes, we don't know where to invest our emotional energy.
It's a credit to the production team that these elements somehow work, with the movie at its best as a superhero/Asian crime drama mash-up.
It is, for the most part, a very standard superhero movie, better than some, worse than others, replete with some intense moments and sequences but doing nothing whatsoever to further the genre.
It's not the best superhero movie ever made, but it's certainly entertaining & enjoyable enough for both superhero fans and those simply looking for some depth and characterization mixed with their comic book action. (Full Parental Review also available)
Although The Wolverine eventually falls back on a comic-book formula and CG effects (the climactic face-off between Logan and a giant silver warriorlike thing is totally generic), Mangold and his team find time to explore more nuanced realms ...
It's a fairly succinct two hours, and mostly holds together until the final moments, when it resorts to *sigh* yet another clanging robot fight, and a fairly silly reveal.
Mangold isn't a cutting-edge filmmaker, but he gives Jackman room to brood between all the slashing.
An extremely entertaining comic-book movie - though a comic-book movie nonetheless...not great but, hey, it's good enough.
By the end, we're left wondering if this character is worth the trouble.
Moving away from the iconically U.S landscape and toward the brutal, loneliness of the character shreds away the stain of Wolverine Origins & The Last Stand and gives our favourite adamantium skeleton-ed mutant the film that he and we deserve.
Introspective is one thing, but this tormented, brooding Wolverine is dangerously close to being boring.
One of the best entries in the X-Men franchise and comes thisclose to being one of the best comic book movies if it weren't for a disappointing final act.
This is a serious, sometimes dark and deliberately paced story.
In its astronomically budgeted, effects-laden way, it's appealingly modest. And it has the glory of Hugh Jackman's chest.
Watching Halle Berry shoot hoops, flirt with Benjamin Bratt, and beat up Sharon Stone in "Catwoman" is starting to sound mighty preferable.
The Wolverine is a fantastic appetizer of the collaboration between James Mangold and Hugh Jackman while Logan is the main mouth-watering three-course meal.
Confounding my own lacklustre expectations, the ambition pays off.
The Wolverine should please fans and has a good shot at winning over sceptics.
A handful of bold ideas brought down by the need to regress to a blander, more box-office-friendly middle ground.
The Wolverine represents a strain of faux gravitas that squeezes nearly all the fun out of blockbuster moviemaking. Here we have multimillion-dollar proof that slow and unsure can be just as dull as hyperkinetic chaos.
Would that all superhero movies were this well conceived, except for the cruddy commercial break at the end.
A refreshing summer cocktail of action-movie staples, The Wolverine combines the bracingly adult flavor of everyone's favorite mutant antihero with the fizzy effervescence of several mixers from the cabinet of Japanese genre cinema.
In many ways, The Wolverine feels like a similarly long fall, albeit with a soft landing.
It has a more absorbing story and intriguing sensibility than Iron Man 3 or Man of Steel, and even when its action falters, this film is more original and exotic.
"The Wolverine" is an erratic affair, more lumbering than compelling, an ambitious film with its share of effective moments that stubbornly refuses to catch fire.
This is a big, loud, commercial picture which does not appear to have been written so much as audience-tested, global-market-researched, greenscreened and CGI-ed to within an inch of its life.
A superhero movie has to have three things: a reason to care about the characters, sensational action scenes, and a really interesting villain. I'd give this movie one out of three.
The angst doesn't deepen the action, nor does the action energize the melodrama.
Instead of expounding a tedious origin story or staging an epic battle for apocalyptic stakes, "The Wolverine" focuses on a specific and self-contained adventure in a richly imagined place.
Like most superhero films, "The Wolverine" depends mostly on sheer mechanics -- both in front of and behind the camera -- and on that level it's a resounding success.
Some may call this a "thinking man's" take on the character, but apparently, all said thoughts are pretty superficial.
The film is a misconceived misfire, over-solemn for its first two acts and overstuffed with BLAM! POW! TEDIUM! at the climax.
The change in scenery is attractive, yet The Wolverine is missing fire in its belly, feeling mummified by its intentional downshift into a mood piece.
A movie so unspectacular and meaningless it might be mistaken for an old episode of "The Incredible Hulk."
Jackman's 126-minute scowl is a poor substitute for character. With this, his 6th tour of Logan, he could have capitalized on the 100-plus-year story arc, delivering a performance of greater depth. Certainly not less.
The Wolverine isn't a run-of-the-mill, effects-heavy comic-book adaptation-it's a solid drama that's only incidentally about superheroes.
A movie that clots the brain and paralyses the soul.
None of the chaos drowns out Jackman's emotive miracle under these popcorn conditions, an acting gem that's unexpected and true. If comic book movies are the last place you look for a soulful, serious performance, The Wolverine should be your first.
Sets itself apart as an introspective character study more than an action movie, with a streamlined cast and an emphasis on personal relationships.
The Wolverine isn't great, but it's better than we've come to expect, and when it screws up, at least it doesn't do it in the usual ways.
A rare comic-to-film adaptation that doesn't sacrifice substance for the sake of thrilling action.
It may be a streamlined, 21st-century take on the Frankenstein story, but it's not an improvement; for a 3D adventure, this noisy action fantasy falls as flat as cardboard.
Oh, Wolverine. Why, oh, why, in the name of all that is awesome and pointy, don't your movies work?
Hugh Jackman, in his sixth time up as Wolverine, still has the juice. This pissed-off man of Adamantium claws is stalking new ground (Japan), and his fight with yakuza on top of Tokyo's speeding bullet train is a wowser.
Somewhere along the line somebody must have had a crazy idea, that The Wolverine required a decent script, and shouldn't rely only on action, audience goodwill and the sight of Hugh Jackman with his shirt off. The team delivers with this one.
This second attempt to bring the "X-Men" character to a solo franchise moves along at a brisk clip but never finds its footing as either a brooding return to graphic novel form or a rousing actioner.
Finally - a superhero movie that doesn't feel like every other superhero movie.
By minimizing the goofy superhero side of the character, Mangold maximizes the action hero. The Wolverine succeeds when it emphasizes the human in superhuman.
If the makers had had the courage of their convictions and gone full-Bond on this one, they might have had something. As it is... no, not really.
"The Wolverine" won't change anybody's mind about the character, or about what Jackman can do with it. It's simply a more focused scenario than usual, full of violence done up with a little more coherence and visceral impact than usual.
Hugh Jackman doesn't sing in The Wolverine.
Lean and mean for the most part. A nicely scaled-down superhero movie, and a great stand-alone adventure for Jackman.
Handsome but flatfooted, The Wolverine comes tantalizingly close to working, which makes it all the more disappointing that Mangold comes up short.
This is Jackman's show entirely, and he's as forceful and charismatic as ever as the walking, talking hurt that is Wolverine. If only he had something more interesting to do here.
It's only been four years since 2009's X-men Origins: Wolverine, and it's hard to see how this film does anything to correct that film's messy plot, harsh editing and uninteresting action.
The movie takes its cue from Jackman, who is always shirtless and who appears to have the body fat index of a greyhound. There's not an ounce of fat on "Wolverine," either -- it's lean, mean and a really good time.
Even if 'The Wolverine' ultimately can't avoid its comic book roots, the movie is still powered by the morose soul of Jackman's performance.
Just because actor-producer Jackman wants to replenish his coffers every year or two with one of these movies is no reason to see them, especially if their narratives are as thin as this.
Falls into that middle ground of movies just good enough for you to wish it were a little better, so you could actually feel like you enjoyed it.
The straightforward story and relatively modest stakes of "The Wolverine" are a breath of fresh air ... and Hugh Jackman inhabits the leading role with the ease that comes from multiple stabs at the character.
This is a miso soup of epic action with all things Japanese thrown into the martial arts melting pot. All that's missing is Godzilla warbling in a karaoke bar. The Wolverine is sure to be big in Japan but will this extra claw be a box office draw?
Hugh Jackman stands out in a physically demanding and emotionally complicated role as the Wolverine returns to Japan to fight ninjas and his own demons.
Engaging and enjoyable sequel of sorts, with exciting action sequences, a decent script and strong performances ...
Nary a scene goes buy that doesn't feature Jackman, who has nailed the character as well as any comic book thesp, grizzled and oozing pure anger. There's as much navel gazing as face punching, although the violence is still plentiful.
Taken on its own terms "The Wolverine" is the cleanest, least pretentious and most satisfying superhero movie of the summer.
A Wolverine tale that's more loaded with psychological questions (his immortality is seen as a curse) and makes the haunted character more interesting.
Too many ninjas, too few mutants.
"The Wolverine" just might be the best comic-book-based superhero epic since Christopher Nolan's "The Dark Knight Rises."
"The Wolverine" dispatches its hero to Japan to grapple with a sinister criminal element and his own virtual immortality. For the uninitiated, the scene shift is surprising - and an effective way of dramatizing and accentuating the hero's dual nature.
At this point [Jackman] could play the role in his sleep - but he doesn't, and the nuances he and director Mangold bring to the character lift this enterprise up from the usual blockbuster-sequel fare.
"The Wolverine" is the best superhero film since "The Avengers" - maybe even since "The Dark Knight."
The Wolverine does stand out, and even excels, in many isolated places ... It's just that the great pieces don't fit together to suggest a whole.
A vast improvement over the previous incarnation about the character's origin.
Even though its best scene doesn't happen until halfway through the ending credits, this sequel is, at least, better than its predecessor.
The Wolverine -- despite being an improvement on Gavin Hood's muddled 2009 X-Men Origins: Wolverine -- isn't worthy of Jackman's gifts.
Iron Man 3 may have had better jokes and Man Of Steel slicker effects but this has more soul than the pair of them. Which is why, for me, it's the most gripping comic book movie of the year.
It's a good effort. Just not an entirely successful one.
Cliches seep into what could have been a fascinating glimpse into a multifaceted character. Still, this X-Men spinoff is a marked improvement over 2009's X-Men Origins: Wolverine.
The movie may not fully deliver on many of its themes, but it does hit squarely on the man vs. beast battle that exists within Logan.
There's teeming bombast and great gushers of villainy, but we've seen it all before and we'll see it all again, probably next week.
In the mood for a giant cup of "who cares?"
"The Wolverine" feels less like an exciting blockbuster than a well-turned piece of brand management.
There's the usual villain problem (too many of them -- and none of them memorable) and a tone that may take parents of young Wolverine fans by surprise.
For a sturdy 90 minutes, one of Marvel comic's most intriguing creations is served well by director James Mangold's "The Wolverine."
The Wolverine is a mildly bonkers affair that occasionally reaches for a gritty yakuza drama, but clearly aches in every scene to collapse into a gleeful, giddy pile of ninjas, psychics, snake women, and multiple stabbings.
In The Wolverine, James Mangold and Hugh Jackman have not only delivered the definitive take on one of modern pop culture's most enduring protagonists, but proved that there is life left indeed in the X-Men on film.
It doesn't payoff prior installments or set up future ones, but seems to exist almost out of time, for the simple, quaint purpose of pitting its iconic mutant superhero against samurais, ninjas, and vicious yakuza thugs.
... a curious and very entertaining movie.
This may be the year's best superhero movie because, for a sufficient amount of time, it doesn't feel like a superhero movie at all.
After the outright creative failure that was the last Wolverine movie, this kind of Adamantium-solid effort is something to be appreciated by fans.
James Mangold delivers an efficiently brutal and straight-faced action-adventure once again showcasing Hugh Jackman's trademark scowl in the role he was born to play.
The synopsis promises to put the Wolverine, a blue-collar superhero, into an appropriately realistic criminal environment, but in practice it all adds up to Wolverine fighting the usual big robot in a volcano-sized laboratory.
Promises to be deeper than it, in the end, turns out to be.
Moments in The Wolverine rank among both the franchise's best and worst, but there's enough in the positive column to make the movie a must for fans and entertaining viewing for casual observers.
Even those who think Adamantium is a fan of 1980s New Romanticism will be swept along by the thrills, spills and meaty drama on offer.
At its best when keeping its action and characters grounded, this is a leaner, less-explosion-heavy comic book flick than most recent efforts, and thankfully absolves the sins of its much-maligned predecessor.
Breaks so far from the conventional comic book-based format that it doesn't even feel like a superhero movie (and I mean that in a good way).
It's the stuff of Saturday-morning cartoons, but Mangold - who, as in the appalling 'Knight and Day', edits all action sequences on the shaky frappé setting - hasn't the visual pop or lightness of touch to make it bounce.
Though Wolvie comes across a bit world-weary and battle-worn by now, Jackman is in top form, taking the opportunity to test the character's physical and emotional extremes.
Until a third act that collapses in a harebrained heap, the director largely succeeds in keeping the more cartoonish aspects at bay, roughing up the surface with organically staged fight scenes and, crucially, raising the stakes.
It's laudable that Wolverine tries to show cultural curiosity outside all-American heroism. It's just unfortunate that whenever the action stops, Wolverine in Japan has the same kind of clunk as You Only Live Twice.
An improvement on the last outing for Jackman's not-so-merry mutant. If only it trusted enough in its unique setting to forgo a descent into aggressively awful formula.
There's plenty of good summer popcorn fun, with fresh and exciting action setpieces, but this is mostly an intimate story about Logan, as a mutant and as a man.
The Wolverine is by far the best of the series; a compliment that comes with a massive caveat: I'm not a fan of what's come before.
Evil doctors, corrupt politicians and endangered biological grand daughters make up the character list, and vigorous action scenes are blasted into various locations, with stun-gun effect. All the technical work is superb
Immortality, justice and integrity are the themes of this high energy action fantasy effectively set on a Japanese backdrop, in which Hugh Jackman's buffer-than-buff Wolverine is both heroic and vulnerable
Much like the character himself, The Wolverine is lean, mean, and fun.
An antithesis to recent overblown blockbusters, The Wolverine contains a strong story that delves into the many complexities of the popular comic book character without sacrificing the action spectacle that these films are known for.
['The Wolverine'] is a neat trick. But don't get too excited.
Given the critical spanking that greeted the last Wolverine film, you may be wondering what the steel-clawed superhero is doing back on the big screen. It's a question that isn't answered by James Mangold's X-Men spin-off.
The fights are predictable, the scenery disappointingly drab considering the potential in Tokyo's neon-lit wonder-world.
Though Jackman's star turn is finally allowed to dominate, there's a sense that all this is too easy for actor and character.
A movie that tries hard to carve a smarter, fresher niche in the superhero canon.
You'll be left wishing that it was a fun comic-book movie with some emotional weight, rather than a serious character study with a few exciting scenes.
The best comic book movie of the summer and one that rarely feels like a comic book movie.
There's much to like in James Mangold's take on X-Men's mutton-chopped superhero, but little mistaking the overall wonkiness of the enterprise.
Though it doesn't have the vibrant wit and zip of an Avengers Assemble, or the allegorical grandeur of a Dark Knight, it's a step up from the garbled silliness of Wolverine's first solo outing.
Mangold clearly wants to make a classically-styled 'serious' picture, but he's caught between his legit filmmaker instincts and the requirements of a Hollywood blockbuster.
Sorry, but didn't superhero films outgrow all of this five or so years ago?
All in, The Wolverine is a refreshingly good entry in the X-Men franchise that completely wipes out the nasty taste Origins: Wolverine left.

@highlight

Although its final act succumbs to the usual cartoonish antics, The Wolverine is one superhero movie that manages to stay true to the comics while keeping casual viewers entertained.