something truly amazing
If you've ever been fascinated by a large and complex construction site, Juan Carlos Rulfo's oddly affecting documentary may offer a kind of blue-collar bliss.
Life on the freeway is hell, but what comes next for these workers might be worse.
Like the highway these men are building, Rulfo's film sails above the larger context that would actually bring emotional meaning to the lives he wants to celebrate.
A fascinating and eye-opening chronicle of work and class issues in contemporary Mexico.
Simple and often touching.
The workers are upstaged by their work. And the film is a tribute to impressive labor -- its own.
Equally as perplexing as its lack of perspective is the film's overall shortage of information.
With countless Mexican workers laboring to build a massive freeway in Mexico City, filmmaker Juan Carlos Rulfo patiently focuses on a handful of the souls who might otherwise be forgotten among the working anonymous.
A terrific film.
You long for more context on both workers and project, though a breathtaking five-minute-plus helicopter shot along the snaking concrete-and-iron colossus at the close helps distract from any moans.
[Director] Rulfo's simple strategy of sticking close to his subjects and allowing them to wax philosophical about their lives and labors pays off.
Literally and existentially down and dirty, In the Pit is an absorbing documentary about work and the transformation of men into laborers.
The men portrayed by Juan Carlos Rulfo in his colossally intimate film work under such precarious conditions that death must be as common as lunch pails.
Though earnest, 'In the Pit' does not take off.
In the midst of this nifty picture-making, one searches in vain for the big picture.
Juan Carlos Rulfo's In the Pit is a documentary defined by symbiosis.
Formally elegant depiction of lives of ordinary workers involved with mammoth construction project.
For a film that depicts the filthy, dangerous work of building the second level of Mexico City's Periferico freeway, the unlikely beauty of Juan Carlos Rulfo's In the Pit is just one of the surprising complexities of [this film].
After 45 minutes of seeing this hard work, we get the point.



@highlight

Although this doc is shot in a simple style, it is a touching and fascinating look at the lives of Mexican laborers.