The shoddiest thing Eastwood has ever directed. By far.
A multi-layered shame, even acknowledging that The 15:17 to Paris is close to disastrous by the metrics of any movie, not just war or war-adjacent movies.
Clint Eastwood has directed 36 motion pictures over the course of 41 years (with at least one more on the way), yet with the possible exception of the imbecilic 1977 action film The Gauntlet, none have been as painful to watch as this one.
The 15:17 to Paris is vital filmmaking almost in spite of itself.
Simply put, this is one of the most ill-advised biopics to grace screens in years.
An abysmal almost unwatchable biopic with nothing new or unique to say.
Kudos to Eastwood for good intentions, but stories, like trains, need a dependable surface. This train is running on jointed tracks.
After meandering around for more than an hour, the film snaps electrically into focus for the pivotal scene
The film is sold on the idea that the real-life heroes play themselves, but it's a fatal mistake that undercuts what few good scenes the film does offer outside of the train attack
From a Clint Eastwood directorial, one expects better. Alas, this one is relegated to being merely an experiment in casting.
Clint Eastwood's The 15:17 to Paris takes a taut, engrossing, and surprising nonfiction book-the most complete and genuine account of an act of real-life heroism that enthralled the whole free world-and turns it into a flaccid, bewildering docudrama.
As a Clint Eastwood experiment, and a sincere tribute to the heroism of the three men involved, it succeeds with its earnestness.
[Clint] Eastwood lacks subtlety. [Full Review in Spanish]
If you're open to the power of Eastwood's formalistic radicalism, it will reveal itself as an admirable piece of hero storytelling - one that, as its tagline suggests, focuses on the real heroes.
An authentic, somewhat tedious re-enactment of a historical event that was ripped from the headlines.
The acting feels stilted and the setup seems aimless. Too often, it feels like you're watching a stranger's holiday videos.
Who knows how much a better script with trained actors would've helped, but I'm willing to go out on a limb and say... considerably.
We get to know how the three men think, from boyhood pranks to career disappointments to the moment of truth, but we can't say we fully understand them. In fact, we almost feel sorry for them.
Certainly, it's no "Mystic River" or "Letters from Iwo Jima." But at least in technical terms it does display the professional quality that marks Eastwood's typical filmmaking style.
The most amateurish, inadvertently funny studio film in recent memory.
It's well-intentioned subject matter that's handled, for the most part, rather poorly by Clint Eastwood...
You just want it all to stop and for real actors and scriptwriters to be parachuted in.
The young men do quite well, and Eastwood delivers a polished product with a tightly staged climax.
The lack of the usual Hollywood showboating in favor of reality is admirable, if dull in some spots, but the idea is audacious and makes it all worth checking out - a curio from a world-class director who at 87 still knows how to change things up.
"An offbeat, mysterious curveball we neither needed nor deserved."
It's the second section that's really dire: a flaccid travelogue in which the boys visit landmark tourist attractions...these scenes bring the film to a grinding halt from which it never recovers.
The film descends into paralysis as the three head for their date with fate at the end of a European vacation.
"15:17" a well-intentioned misfire.
...a decent thriller and careful, but not at all outstanding, whose greatest audacity is in having chosen to lead the cast to the protagonists of the real events that shook the world in August 2015. [Full Review in Spanish]
They might have fared better with a filmmaker who actually works with his actors to shape performance and character, something Eastwood has been proudly uninterested in doing for more than a decade.
Fortunately, people will remember these men for their heroic feat, and not for it's tedious cinematic adaptation. [Full Review in Spanish]
15:17 is more attractive for what it tries than for what it is. [Full Review in Spanish]
Even if they were the best actors in the world, the movie leading up to [the act] is just this thing. It just happens.
It's a heart-pumping 15-minute or so sequence that proves that the old man's still got it, but whether it's worth the wait will depend on your level of patience.
It's as if Eastwood told them to forget the cameras and just be themselves. They are pretty good and believable as first-time actors.
A recruitment pamphlet would have proved more effective than the latest army propaganda for theaters from acclaimed director Clint Eastwood. [Full review in Spanish]
I found this to be one of Clint Eastwood's worst films. I thought the emotion was very fake.
What is Clint Eastwood's The 15:17 to Paris? A bundle of ideological confusion.
The 15:17 to Paris [is] more than the typical docu-drama and confirms director Clint Eastwood's canny political instinct and his artistic daring.
They're all handsome but just appalling actors. This disjuncture is impossible to forget while watching the film, and it's very uncomfortable.
Like all art that employs negative space, The 15:17 to Paris is really about what the audience doesn't see: in this case, the unthinkable horror El-Khazzani would have unleashed if a handful of ordinary people hadn't done what they did.
Whatever the film's shortcomings, one thing you can't fault Eastwood for is his unassailable commitment to celebrating American heroism.
There's no story to tell until the thing happens, and once it happens, it's over in a few minutes. It's not a movie, it's an anecdote.
... the director seeks to reflect on the hero without finding the pulse of his heroism. [Full review in Spanish]
This film courts that kind of lionization far less than one would expect from Eastwood at this stage, and stands out among our contemporary film fare for its humility.
Eastwood is making a point here about the heroism of ordinary men, the grit behind seemingly banal bros, though it's one of the oddest and lowest-key films he's ever made.
One can't help but think that a movie chronicling Ayoub El Khazzani's journey toward that fateful day might be more interesting and useful.
Despite good intentions, the movie never lives up to the breathless excitement the real-life story promises.
This time, the proverbial lack of subtlety in the director's narrative is not synonymous with agility. [Full Review in Spanish]
It has an epic fail of a screenplay which, in a curiously heavy-handed style, anchors the events in a morass of talk about destiny. It gives off the impression of being about Christian belief but with little sense of what that means for those involved.
Clint Eastwood turns a terrorist attack into a bit of post-hoc reality 'entertainment' with the stunt casting of the actual heroes as themselves in a stilted, tone-deaf piece of Christian-American propaganda.
Fortunately, once things jump ahead, we see Spencer and Alek make their way into the military (now played by themselves) and things get progressively better.
The first half of this drama is slow and awkward, mainly due to the stars' amateurish acting; but once it finally gets going, Eastwood's skilled touch reveals itself.
"The 15:17 to Paris" suffers from an excess of dramatic wadding, and the over-all effect is too muffled and often too dull, sadly, to make an impact.
It is an utter disaster; a staggeringly incompetent and woefully misjudged exercise.
After an hour or so of aimless waffle, the incident itself is thrown away in 10 minutes, accompanied by a predictable dose of jingoism. These guys are heroes no question: they deserve a better movie than this.
Not a major Eastwood film, but undeniably stirring.
The result clearly aspires to be another United 93 but falls significantly short.
The empty chairs have taken over.
Surprisingly good acting by the real people about whom the movie is made add to the verisimilitude, even though the setup is too slow for such a rapid, but heroic, climax.
Eastwood seems to lose interest in the story as the film unfolds. And if the director doesn't care enough to make sure each take is in focus, why should we?
The action-packed 10-minute heroic sequence was vintage filmmaking.
One misses the prismatic structure of the 15:17 to Paris book, which fuses multiple points of view and which is reduced by Dorothy Blyskal's script to cut-and-pasted bromides.
Sadly, The 15:17 to Paris is an all-time career low for Clint Eastwood.
It's no "American Sniper," and enjoyable as it is, the stunt casting is self-defeating. Still, you can't help but be moved by the valor of these young men.
It marks Eastwood's worst film I've seen at the cinemas and will hopefully be buried before his next project arrives.
It is like watching butter melt at room temperature.
Although somewhat interesting from a conceptual perspective, The 15:17 to Paris is a failure in pretty much every other area.
The action sequence on the train is truly remarkable, and Eastwood shoots with a documentary-style immediacy, but the surrounding film - especially the script and performances - doesn't serve this thrilling true-life story, or the audience.
Boasting stunt casting, dull backstories, and blander-than-bland performances, Eastwood's dramatization of the real-life 2015 Thalys terrorist attack is a stunning misfire.
The 15:17 to Paris shows that the 87-year-old director is still capable of surprises.
[Casting the subjects is] risky move that occasionally makes proceedings seem awfully real - but, more often, really awkward.
The finale is Eastwood at his laziest, allowing news footage to do his job. At least Stone, Skarlatos and Sadler now have the ultimate souvenir of their vacation.
These scenes flow like treacle and then the movie really slows down.
[Clint] Eastwood, a capable and competent filmmaker, seems to have trusted the script and his non-actors more than his instincts.
15:17 to Paris overly simplifies the attack and its aftermath.
The 15:17 to Paris is too unfocused, too hard to take seriously, and too short to really get invested in it. It's an Eastwood misfire.
... doesn't provide a proper tribute to their bravery, in part because of misguided casting and script decisions.
The brief but exciting climax almost, but not quite, redeems such deficiencies.
While the gripping events inside the train are rightfully cinematic, nothing else in "The 15:17 to Paris" earns that same distinction.
Eastwood's experiment casting the 3 guys as themselves just works in places. The climax, however, is worth the price of the ticket & makes you want to stand & salute.
Clint Eastwood, with his new film The 15:17 to Paris, has gone out of his way to recreate the foiling of a would-be terrorist attack carefully. Unfortunately, he's done so in aggressively dull fashion.
Well-intentioned but a bore. Would have been much better as a documentary.
It's all so dumbfounding it makes you wonder: Did Eastwood even, like, show up on set and direct this thing?
The worst film that Eastwood has ever made.
The film may be corny and a little gauche but there is no arguing with its sentiments.
It's a narrative of almost nothing interesting happening until the moment of crisis in the very last reel.
A consummate work in Eastwood's filmography.
Who needs real actors when all Clint Eastwood wants to make is propaganda?
The story of Stone, Skarlatos and Sadler is, as Hollande said, an inspiring one that deserved to be told. It's a story, though, that deserved to be told better than Eastwood manages to do.
When it comes to making a true story, a really true story, The 15:17 To Paris is long overdue.
Although the terrorist attack is effectively staged, The 15:17 To Paris fails to spin a remarkable film out of a remarkable act of heroism.
Whatever its obvious limitations, the gambit of casting nonactors in the lead roles at least brings the movie a certain authenticity, but it's torpedoed by the tin-eared backstory laid out by Dorothy Blyskal's script.
Eastwood terrorist thriller casts three American heroes to play themselves. They had never acted before and as far as I'm concerned their record is clean, leaving the gripping, complex movie that might have been frustratingly out of reach.
It is, in the light of the 87-year-old's monumental career, simply the worst thing he has done (and that includes those godawful orangutan movies).
Review proof. Padded story with an inoffensive screenplay, stunt casting and, dare I call it, boring.
... the film falls in a pothole from which it escapes when the Moroccan Ayoub el-Khazzani gets on the train. And it triggers, in more than one sense, the action. [Full review in Spanish]
Performances in Eastwood films are usually uneven, but here his hands-off directing style shows no mercy ...
This isn't just a train wreck. It's the sound of Clint Eastwood's career death knell.
It's a movie experiment that fails badly...
How do you mess up this story so spectacularly?
Minus its pivotal event, "The 15:17 to Paris" feels a lot like sitting through someone else's endless photo slide show: Really only interesting to the people who lived it.
It's not inaccurate to say that The 15:17 to Paris succeeds better as a European touristic attraction rather than a look at average-Joe bravery
A single act of heroism can truly transform a life, but that action does not necessarily make for a transformative motion picture.
Eastwood and his screenwriter failed to build much of a movie around a few minutes of immense courage.
It's impossible to say whether The 15:17 to Paris would have been a better movie with professional actors in the lead roles. All we can do is go with what we've got.
Eastwood's attempt to pay homage to these real-life people is noble, but the way he does it shows his worst side, taking a step back in his work. [Full Review in Spanish]
The 15:17 to Paris is a long stretch of boredom culminating in one jolt of interest.
15:17 ends with good vibes you can't trust, and the lingering sense that their real story has only just begun.
The 15:17 to Paris is a film about heroism portrayed by the actual heroes. Unfortunately, Clint Eastwood's retelling of their story falls woefully flat.
The intriguing docudrama gimmick backfires -- not just because the participants aren't particularly dynamic, but also because Eastwood's potentially novel, counterintuitive narrative approach to the material proves enervating as opposed to engrossing.
With The 15:17 to Paris, Eastwood once again tells an American story with a narrow-minded efficiency that somehow makes reality seem fake.
Eastwood will be 88 in May. If I'm doing anything when I'm 88 as well he makes movies, I'll be a very happy 88-year-old.
We love stories of real-life heroics and grace under lethal pressure. But we need them to be more than the sum of their stirring intentions.
Athough Eastwood deserves credit for not going the cheesy route by drawing out the attack unnaturally, the rest of "15:17" is so drawn out, you almost wish he would have given into cheese.
The very averageness of these conscientious, gutsy guys is precisely the point.
The result is a case study in why getting things right isn't necessarily the right way to make a movie. Facts can be really dull. And pro actors are more compelling than real people can ever be.
The incident on the train accounts for just a few minutes of screen time - for another 90 minutes they're in a flatlined buddy movie, without much help from Eastwood (he insisted they not train as actors) or the screenplay.
One of the worst, most inexcusably poor movies Clint Eastwood has turned out in his career behind the camera and a possible contender for one of the worst films of the year.
A uniqueness to this film that carries it over the rough spots, past the mundane moments to a frenzied, inspiring ending.
Whatever he's done in the past, Eastwood here seems most interested in paying tribute to some men who deserve the commendation - nothing more, and nothing less
If only someone could've heroically intervened to save this movie.
The imminently likeable and gentlemanly [Spencer] Stone is the leader here and he has real screen presence.
Get these guys a poem, song, or talk show appearance. Putting them in the movies is a bad idea, with Eastwood turning attempted inspirational authenticity into a tortuous, uncomfortably silly viewing experience.
Eastwood asks us to see beyond our prejudices and embrace lives that seem so different from ours.
Delivering a heroic and inspiring true story, Eastwood doesn't let us down.
Eastwood masterfully re-creates the blood-curdling fear and panic on the train, contrasting that with the men's astonishing courage as the rest of the passengers do what most people would: Freeze and cower.
Eastwood faced similar issues with his last film, "Sully," and he still hasn't figured out how to take a relatively short dramatic event and build a movie around it.
Here is Eastwood's latest warm-milk paean to embattled American heroism, hanging a hat on God-and-guns homilies rather than challenging truths about human violence, military service, religious fervor or moral quandary that he mined just 12 years ago.
That these men are brave beyond measure and saved countless lives is in no doubt but, with its focus on the dullest of details, lack of psychological insight and bizarre shifts in tone, it's a bewildering folly indeed.
Another cool and subtle treatise on the nature of heroism from this American master.
Eastwood seems to be reaching for some level of realism, but when every single interaction feels like half-coded AI tried to recreate bro talk, it's clear that a mistake has been made.
A strangely boring, dramatically inert film in which the main characters remain as opaque and unreadable as sphinxes to the very last.
The profanity-free squareness is close to excruciating: You won't believe how boring it is partying with real-life heroes.
A disappointing telling of a heroic story, with a commendable attention to detail highlighting narrative shortcomings.
Ultimately, its greatest shortcoming is that it's lazy, half-hearted button-pushing, more grimly tedious than gung-ho.
A few minutes of nail-biting, recreated heroism isn't enough to justify the other 90-or-so minutes in Clint Eastwood's dry salute of a movie, which struggles to mix patriotism, friendship, God, and destiny into something meaningful.
Eastwood can't overcome the inherent problem that everyday Joes like split-second heroes Spencer Stone, Alek Skarlatos and Anthony Sadler don't necessarily have cinematic back-stories.
Perhaps Clint "One Take" Eastwood wasn't the right guy to direct a movie "acted" by non actors, and some pretty lousy child actors as well.
The heroes of the train attack deserve all the praise. But zoom out a little and it's hard not to see Eastwood's America-centric focus in The 15:17 to Paris as self-serving.
Mostly comprised of banal, drama-free, quotidian scenes that merely reinforce the men's status as regular Joes who, one day, had the opportunity for greatness thrust upon them.
The film keeps telling us that what happened aboard that train was the fulfillment of something, but neither the event nor the three actors re-enacting it seem completely real. They seem like pieces of reality trapped in a movie.
A certain blunt power is guaranteed by the facts of the story, and Mr. Eastwood doesn't obviously try for anything more than that. But his workmanlike absorption in the task at hand is precisely what makes this movie fascinating as well as moving.
Oh dear. Clint Eastwood, what have you done?

@highlight

The 15:17 to Paris pays clumsily well-intentioned tribute to an act of heroism, but by casting the real-life individuals involved, director Clint Eastwood fatally derails his own efforts.