It's the world contained in a single moment, or what one of the characters calls a giant teardrop of the universe, falling forever through space and time.
Old Joy is a weaker effort than Meek's Cutoff and Wendy and Lucy, sure, but still a key early step in the career of this impressive filmmaker.
Interesting, but hardly the lo-fi triumph its reputation suggests.
There are no big revelatory moments. There's no cliched conflict. But don't make the mistake of then assuming that Old Joy has no drama.
With exquisite tenderness and delicacy, Old Joy fluidly captures the all-too-frequent occurrence of friends drifting apart as their lives branch off in different directions.
Annoying, blank, and bereft of any narrative arc "Old Joy" has nothing familiar or enchanting to recommend it.
The film is like a haiku that one can only interpret through their own experience.
A subtle, elegant meditation on friendship and identity in a cultural moment where honest cultivation of either is treated like a luxury.
A minimalist stroll not worth taking...but if Old Joy doesn't do much, at least it doesn't do it for very long.
Old Joy may be built around a road trip, but it's also a movie about two roads -- and two souls -- diverging.
Reichardt's low-budget feature, shot in one weekend with a skeleton crew, quietly observes both men and passes judgment on neither. It's a minimalist masterpiece.
You may find yourself asking whether anything's going to happen. But for those who can tolerate a slow-brewing movie, [director] Reichardt's work provides sufficient rewards.
Subdued, artistic, with beautifully nuanced performances that are as true as they are often elusive of commercial triumph.
There are whispers of bigger themes present -- the changing nature of friendship, the co-opting of '90s "alternative" culture into the mainstream -- but, for the most part, much of what you get out of the film depends what you bring to it.
Some movies say a lot by saying little; Old Joy seems content to just stay quiet.
A minimalist piece to be savoured like a good short story.
Like a Raymond Carver story, it seems nothing much at first sight, but its crystallised moment reveals further dimensions the more you muse on it.
A surprising denouement provides poignancy, repaying the goodwill the film inspires through its mellow combinations of music and imagery.
You would be perfectly at liberty to find it boring and empty, but also to understand the tiny resonances that have made it one of the best reviewed films of 2006 in America. Somehow it does strike home.
Too slight to really haunt, but its subtlety is as treasurable as an old friend.
A spare and satisfying experience.
An unassuming, minimalist gem that shows how less can be much, much more.
Notable for its visual beauty, its melancholic Yo La Tengo score and its subtle performances, it's an impressively understated and sensitively observed work.
Such watchful reticence takes a bold, confident filmmaker.
Making exceptional use of stillness and silence, this is a rather sad study of the passing of traditional concepts of American masculinity along with the landscape that forged them.
At just 76 minutes, Old Joy is a minimalist film, but illuminating, bittersweet, gentle and deeply alive.
Old Joy, a reticent, delicate film, is riveting because not much happens.
The meditative and absorbing real-time pace suggests, and perhaps was inspired by, the cinema of Iran, and its hardscrabble aesthetic and minimalist production values.
The characters stayed with me, and I'm glad I took a second look now that it's opening for a two-week run at Northwest Film Forum. This time around, its sense of humor seemed much more effective -- as did its less-is-more style.
Although there's not much in the way of traditional drama in Old Joy, there's always something going on, if you're willing to pay close attention to the film's delicate details.
As your experience may diverge from theirs, the film offers a metaphor for reading, as the environment becomes at once a projection, frame, and mirror for subjective states.
Though it's well-intentioned and runs barely more than an hour, this slowly paced character study gets tiresome in a hurry.
The movie captures gorgeous mountain scenery with the simplicity of an Ozu film. It also benefits from the naturalistic performances.
It plays for a scant 73 minutes, but if feels as long as a Wagner opera.
Old Joy is as dull and doomed as the men's friendship.
A worthy attempt at a worthy topic.
The real resonance of Reichardt's at once lean and profound little movie is that, without saying anything directly, it can seem to say so much.
Wise, resonant and genuinely special.
Old Joy is an accurately observed slice of that moment between postadolescence and parenthood, when friends cling or scatter, and circumstances force buried feelings to the fore.
The closely observed exchanges, which are so rambling and yet leave so much unstated, make the silences between Mark and Kurt echo with regret, longing, hope.
Old Joy's not-going- anywhere-ness is a big part of its charm.
Like a great jazz musician, Reichart understands that striking a single, well-placed note can resonate more profoundly than playing a splashy cascade of noise just because you can.
Fresh as spring water and warm as sunlight, it steeps us in the beauties we will always miss, if we keep dividing the world into winners and losers.
Mark has outgrown Kurt the way Kurt has outgrown his clothes, but they're both happy for an escape, each one numb from aging past simpler times that fostered their friendship.
Daniel London's slightly pained facial expressions say more about the stresses of impending fatherhood in two minutes than the likes of The Last Kiss manage in two hours.
We're embedded in the dampness of Reichardt's smoky forest, but not for long enough so we're lost like the pair.
The movie explores the increasingly coarse line between nostalgia and acceptance for the way things are, without exclamatory revelation and uproarious self-pity. It's Sideways for realists.
About [Kelly Reichardt's] directing, after praising her simplicity, one has to praise her daring. To make this film took considerable conviction -- and, for an artist, conviction usually entails courage.
Slow moving but ultimately quite touching.
The difference between Old Joy and most other recent indies: it matches its rhythms and visuals to its story, rather than simply telling a story on film.
It feels so real it hurts, and it's the perfect antidote to all those movies where all sorts of stuff blows up.
Reichardt's beautiful, contemplative movie is aching in the way it evokes loss and the alienation that often comes with adulthood.
Captures the weary mood of a generation that's crested its peak along with an era, quietly making a case for how well suited film can be to capturing the finer points of human interaction while preserving their mystery.
The movie's scale is minuscule, but the physical and emotional landscapes it travels are as broad, deep and mysterious as the human psyche itself.
Let us say simply that Ms. Reichardt's brand of minimalism leaves me truly joyless.
...[long] languid interludes are little more than pretty filler for a film that runs a mere 73 minutes...
Old Joy is another minimalist exercise that is at once visually stunning, quietly insightful and more than a little hard to endure.
...there's something about the mood of this film that grows on one.
A monster movie where the monster doesn't show up. zzzzzzzzz..
To my mind, there was a lot of wasted time -- repetitive shots of scenery from a moving car that felt more like padding than "atmosphere," as if the movie makers had to create a feature length for a project that just as easily and perhaps more effect
Kelly Reichardt's minimalist buddy film about two former roommates on an overnight camping trip in Oregon's Cascade Mountains features some of the year's most beautiful scenery and two of its most wooden characters.
Old Joy doesn't try for too much, but its subtle victories leave plenty to savor.
Old Joy (adapted by writer Jonathan Raymond from his own short story) is only 76 minutes long, but it has the contemplative power of Buddhist meditation.
Strangely affecting given how little heft there is to it, but it does raise the question: At what point does minimalism begin to seem just plain stubborn?
Every frame of Old Joy bespeaks a yearning for a more user-friendly day, when gas was less than $2.50 a gallon and there was always a used record store to unload your scratched vinyl.
It's in all the moments where little happens that Reichardt is most amazing, investing even a gas-station pit stop with perfect emotional pitch.
Only the alt-country score by Yo La Tengo makes any of this bearable.
A palpable air of melancholy hangs over this two-man character piece like the Pacific Northwest's overcast skies, a chilly reminder that yesterday's good times are over and tomorrow may not be much fun.
Kelly Reichardt's film is a triumph of modesty and of seriousness that also happens to be one of the finest American films of the year.
Open-ended as it may appear, it has a crushing finality. For all the wool-gathering and guitar-noodling, this road movie is at least as tender as it is ironic.
Against a radiant backdrop of decay and rebirth, nothing needs to be said; everything in this lovely film is crystalline.
What results from all the lack of talk is so underdeveloped and reed thin as to be ungraspable.
if you are not afraid of tranquility, if your favorite part of Antonioni's "Blowup" is the tennis game with the imaginary ball, or if you carry a joint in your Velamints tin, "Old Joy" will be your joy.
Even as a short film, OLD JOY drags and feels padded.
It's as stodgy as it is inert, the film about as invigorating and thought-provoking as watching an episode of Gilligan's Island after drinking one too many Mojitos.
Though I found Old Joy to be a little chillier and more opaque then I might have wished, I was absorbed in the mood, the tempo and the sense of leaning forward and searching for meanings.
On its own terms, as a contemplative tone poem about thirtysomething anxiety, it's lovely and poignant.
...the landscape it maps is as much spiritual as it is physical, and the personal story it tells is inescapably political...
... the dynamics shift from moment to moment. The beauty of the film is how director Kelly Reichardt brilliantly captures those moments with lucid simplicity.
In spite of the pacing, the movie is engaging. The actors deserve credit for making these characters guys you want to get to know.
An evocative and melancholy portrait of two men whose friendship has run its course.
What makes it fascinating is director Kelly Reichardt's single-minded focus on a certain type of relationship.
Carefully accumulates and juxtaposes details to form an interconnected web of loneliness, regret, and longing for happier times gone by.
A camping trip shared by two longtime friends provides the basis for a beautifully nuanced study in friendship and the irretrievability of the past in Old Joy.
A quiet, moody film, Old Joy offers a contemplative dissection of male camaraderie at middle-age. Though not playing in Competition, the film was a highlight at Sundance due to its precise tone and evocative personal and political meanings.
This film reminded me of a Raymond Carver short story or a John Cassavettes film in that emotions rule the day, but their root is never fully explained. You just get a feeling.
A film of microscopic mood shifts, at once open-ended and precise.



@highlight

A serene, melancholy beauty permeates this meditative portrait of deep friendship and faded glory.