We know we're in strange territory from the opening shot.
Xing is surprised to discover Western academics are just as ruthless as communist apparatchiks and, ill equipped emotionally to handle humiliation, he takes his guns to town.
Begins with a shot of Meryl Streep practicing tai chi, and therein lies a precise encapsulation of the film's attitude toward the intersection of Eastern and Western cultures
Buttressed by outstanding, unpredictable performances and a beguiling mood of raw nerve collegiate ambition, Matter develops erratically but intelligently.
Poignantly and sympathetically gets inside the confused head of an Asian immigrant rarely seen in film, a grad student flummoxed by American culture and academic politics.
The film does a fine job of displaying the contrasts between these tense, formalized Chinese students and the faux populist American academics.
There is nothing wrong with taking inspiration from actual events, but it's a tricky business, and Dark Matter does no one right by sticking to the shocking conclusion.
A remarkable whisper of a movie as well, for something that deals with a subject as alarming as campus violence.
There is no need for a scene in which your hero loses touch with reality via cockeyed camera trickery and thumping techno music.
It is easy to see the film as two movies crammed together, neither of them being very good.
Liu Ye is too inexpressive for his role's demands, and the movie doesn't build to his downfall: It just zaps itself there.
While imperfect, the high caliber of acting as well as these lucid moments in the earlier part of the film are strong and memorable highlights with which to leave the theatre.
Written by Billy Shebar and directed by opera director Chen Shi-Zheng, this visually sophisticated film has been criticized for turning a deeply disturbed individual into a "hero," but nothing could be further from the truth.
There's little in Billy Shebar's script, the rambling direction by theater and opera helmer Chen Shi-Zheng - or Liu Ye's impassive performance as the student.
Director Chen Shi-Zheng's film has a graceful energy, and three strong performances help make this serene drama - and its shocking conclusion - quietly moving.
Don't be fooled by the presence of Meryl Streep in the cast. This glum, inert psychological drama features little of her presence - and could have used much more.
An unsuccessful mix of drama and social warning. Post-Virginia Tech, Dark Matter seems merely naïve.
Dark Matter, with its view of cutthroat politics and competing egos inside a university, is also laudable in its refusal to soft-pedal the viciously petty side of the academic fishbowl.
A sharp and engaging study of the yearning for academic success; unfortunately, its impact is thrown out the window with a shocking and depressing finale.
...an interesting study of Chinese students trying to assimilate into the American educational system that fails to lay the groundwork for its violent ending.
You could charge Streep with stealing the movie but there's not much to take.
Well-restrained and rarely melodramatic
It's an inelegant experiment that captures many intriguing moments as they pass, but ends up utterly baffled by the question of how its delightful central character becomes a tabloid-ready monster.
Dark Matter is certainly interesting, and easy to sit through, but not as compelling as it wants to be.
It concludes in a way that will have you asking whether the ending was misguided, or maybe it was just the rest of the movie.
A seriously misguided effort in attempting to explore what might lead a normally quiet and intelligent university student to lose control and go on a shooting spree.
First-time director Chen Shi-Zheng shows great sensitivity to the pressure and isolation felt by Chinese brains at American universities, and the relationship between Liu and Quinn provides a rare look at the intellectual serfdom of graduate study.
It's credit to both Streep and Quinn's integrity that Dark Matter uncovers the natural instincts and social foibles that underpin racism.
Dark Matter's insights go no deeper than 'chickens coming home to roost' banality.
Director Chen Shi-Zheng is inconsistent from one scene to the next, alternating clichés with convincing, specific details. The film never quite earns its whopper of a finale.
Aside from depicting American academia as a cutthroat environment that can inspire deadly resentment, there's not much going on.
There are so few films about higher education (and fewer intelligent ones) that it's a shame that what begins as a poignant probe of academic politics, freedom and expression and cultural assimilation gradually turns into a turgid, senseless melodrama.
Meryl Streep guest stars on a special episode of Sunrise Earth, doing Method Tai Chi while heavenly chorines, chanting in Hollywood Sanskrit, bemoan the eternal tragedy of man.
This is a great film, to a point.
Challenging subject matter best suited to discerning audiences.
A middling academic drama that passes pleasantly enough for roughly an hour before detouring into a tacked-on tragic climax.





@highlight

The creaky plotting, inscrutable characters, and unconvincing ending make it difficult for audiences to connect with Dark Matter .