John Moore decided the time was ripe for a new Phoenix, so he sawed the old movie in two, rewrote one half and tries to get it to take off.
Exciting (but intense) adventure for older kids.
Remake of Robert Aldrich's revered 1965 classic would be 15% better if not for its abysmal use of pop music, and 100% better if Aldrich's son William had never thought to ride on his father's coattails by producing it in the first place.
This is one flight that never quite gets off the ground.
I half suspect that ... Ribisi decided that since there was no honorable way of playing the character straight, he'd chew up as much scenery as he could ...
Entertaining, but brainless, popcorn fun.
Flight of the Phoenix ignores the human drama to focus on cockamamie setbacks that are harder to swallow than the plane's motor oil.
If I had seen this film before the original, I might have actually preferred it.
It's never more than ridiculous popcorn fun, but the fun is thin on the ground.
Competent, watchable remake that improves on the special effects and running time but loses the moral complexity and the character work of the original.
This new Phoenix makes too many mistakes, the biggest one being the mistake of confusing 'modernizing' with 'dumbing down.'
...it's not tense enough, realistic enough, or exciting enough to lift it much beyond the ordinary.
Frankly, it's painful to watch such a strong cast struggle so desperately to hold the film together while it falls apart around them
Plenty of action is here in this exciting remake of the earlier classic.
Em vez de corrigir os pontos fracos do filme original, inclui uma série de novos defeitos que comprometem irremediavelmente o resultado final.
'Despite all its flaws, this Phoenix rises to an acceptable entertainment level.'
Pop quiz: What's worse than a disaster flick? Answer: A remake of a disaster flick.
Imagine-a Hollywood action film with real settings, real props and real people.
"Flight of the Phoenix" looks great. If only they would've shifted some of the budget towards the writers.**
Sure, it's a bit of a mess, but it's an entertaining mess, and even if it does fly off a cliff towards the end I still can't exactly complain about being burned.
Tension, teamwork and a lust for life fuel this admirable remake of the popular 1965 Jimmy Stewart film.
If you think sweltering UV rays, deadly sandstorms and dwindling water sources are bad, you haven't had to contend with Giovanni Ribisi's heinous new bleach blond hair
Flight of the Phoenix is further proof of Hollywood's inexorable decline from greatness.
If the praise seems faint, it's nevertheless praise -- this Flight of the Phoenix may not soar, but it manages to get itself airborne.
All that happened in the original, but with the temperature down several thousand degrees.
It's a serviceable adventure film that does the job in less time than the original film.
In the end, it may be that man against sand isn't as thrilling as it was back in the day.
Silly nonsense.
If there's one thing you can be sure of, modern remakes of older movies always have better crashes.
That faint scraping sound you hear coming from the floor is Robert Aldrich rolling in his grave.
By film's end the adventure appears less a matter of base survival than a beach barbecue gone slightly sour.
This isn't necessarily a contender for worst movie of the year, but good heavens--how can you make a movie about a plane crash so boring?
The wonderful character actors in the original ... are succeeded by a fairly anonymous bunch.
A movie about people sitting around the desert with nothing to do runs a high risk of being dull, but Phoenix has enough wit, energy and charisma to keep soaring.
Other than Dennis Quaid, none of these characters leaves so much as a footprint in the sand. We don't know them. We don't care about them.
It is not a very good film, but at least there is something going on here, most of the time.
a rather pedestrian remake of a 1965 Jimmy Stewart movie-a movie that in all honesty wasn't really all that impressive to begin with
Doesn't soar to new heights but doesn't crash and burn either.
Toy planes might fly at Christmas, but Flight of the Phoenix got stuck halfway down the chimney. Ho, Ho, No...
John Moore's remake doesn't come close to upstaging its predecessor...and yet it doesn't exactly humiliate itself either.
Flight of the Phoenix is a rare breed. It joins the small group of films in which the audience may actually wish that the characters do not achieve their goal: to live.
Everything that's good [in the film] has a downside, and everything that doesn't work has something that keeps it from failing completely.
Mirrors the plot of the original point for point. All that's missing is little things like subtlety, nuance, characterization, and human interest.
Plane and simple!
Good with mechanics, bad with people, the film moves its one-dimensional characters around like stick figures in the service of a story whose outcome is hardly in doubt.
A phoenix may rise from the ashes, but the movie just crashes and burns.
This is high-carb filmmaking at its finest.
The first-act crash is admittedly spectacular and the ending adequately suspenseful, but what comes between is disappointingly routine and completely lacks the kind character complexity that made the original a thrill every step of the way.
This time out, there's not much out there to look at besides sand, and even it doesn't look real.
The filmmakers take a great yarn and reduce it to a good one.
A ham-fisted movie that doesn't tax your brain with a lot of pesky ideas and three-dimensional characters.
The story is surefire, like a good Swiss Family Robinson episode revised for a boys' issue of Aviation Week.
Loud, noisy, chaotic and overall unpleasant.
The modernized Phoenix isn't a bad movie, but it's an obvious one.
The new Phoenix lacks the tension, the grim, sado-masochistic Darwinism of the original or the agonizing nuts-and-bolts of the ordeal.
Despite its occasional nods to flashy editing and pop scoring, Flight of the Phoenix ends up feeling like the sort of leisurely man's-man adventure movie you used to be able to catch on Sunday afternoon TV.
A painfully incompetent remake of a 1965 James Stewart adventure.
It seems less a remake than an alternate version.
In the 2 1/2-hour original, smart dialogue and all-or-nothing acting keep the tension blistering throughout, but in this update, the movie merely seems to be stalling until its final test flight.
What drove the original was the clash of personalities, but here, when all you have is a just lot of sand, things get pretty dry pretty fast.
A serviceable adventure outing.
A routine remake of a superior film from an earlier era always prompts the question: Why bother?
Another unwanted, unneeded remake. The mind boggles that Dennis Quaid, delivering more corny lines, is stepping into the role of the legendary Jimmy Stewart.
It's disaster-by- the-numbers.
It's like Lost in the middle of the desert but without the smart mystery, compelling characters and strange monster.
Despite a basic premise that's ripe with promise, the film leaps way over the top with a key performance while also succumbing to some silly cliches.
In Flight of the Phoenix, Tyrese does not take his shirt off.
A movie so literal that the character who wears an eye patch is named Patch, and where everything that happens is spelled out with the subtlety of a first-grade teacher introducing the alphabet.
Nonsensical plotting, equally silly character interaction and groan-inducing dialogue.
I'm not recommending it for those who know the original, but it might work nicely enough for those who have not.
A sporadically diverting thriller that has the personality of a Diet Coke ad.
the kind of ersatz entertainment that will make you wish you were stuck in a mile-long line at the mall or listening to a long set of carols sung by tone-deaf kids.
This one wares out its welcome with cheesy dialogue and a longer than necessary running time, but check it out when it hits DVD or cable.
Flatly retells a high-concept Boy's Life adventure story that's hard to break, but easy to bleed of its significance.
This adventure drama about a group trying to survive in the Gobi desert is filled with nothing but hot air.
Fortunately, Moore manages to find many such interesting cinematic diversions to spice things up.
By the time we get to this Phoenix, it looks like numerous days of scorching sun and blasts of sand are pretty much good for the complexion.
Talk about your pointless remakes.
There's nothing like dumbing down a movie grown-ups love so it can be 'sold' to teens who aren't going to go anyway.
The new Phoenix lacks the very things that made the old one special.
Even with its inconsistencies, the movie offers enough suspense to get airborne.
This trim adventure saga doesn't waste any time assigning heartwarming characteristics or backstories. It gets your heart pounding the old-fashioned way; it is exciting.
A worthy remake.
On its own simple terms, Flight of the Phoenix succeeds.
Shows both how far Hollywood's tech departments have advanced in 40 years and how shallow the pool of solid action thesps has become.
Has its pluses.
A moth-eaten stranded-in- the-desert yarn so manipulative that the involuntary jolts of adrenaline it produces make you feel like a fool.
Despite using the same premise and numerous identical plot points, this remake replaces suspense with boredom and witty dialogue with lame lines any self-respecting actor should be embarrassed to utter.
If you've seen the original, there's absolutely no difference in what happens. And very little reason to check it out.
Resolutely, gloriously old-school in every regard, The Flight of the Phoenix is a reminder that disaster films don't need the threat of global annihilation to be good entertainment.
More standard programmer than action blockbuster, a remake that may not be offensive but is basically unnecessary.
The wings of this rebuilt Phoenix have been clipped by generic scripting and a short supply of dramatic tension that goes slack soon after takeoff and never really recovers.
Effective action, solid suspense, excellent Ribisi, plus enough cliches to equal the grains of Gobi sand that fill the screen.
A motorless, rudderless wreck that is top-heavy with cliches.
More like a waddling turkey than a soaring bird.
Tension-filled story showing how a diverse population can work together to save their lives.
Cheap and half-assed, but not a completely torturous experience.
For a bad movie, Flight of the Phoenix is highly entertaining.
Don't waste your time boarding this Flight.
Good, old fashioned, escapist entertainment.
Ribisi embarrasses himself by making Elliott sound like Hannibal Lecter, Flight of the Phoenix reminds you why The Aviator or Spanglish are so good.
...as a piece of pure escapist entertainment, you'd be hard-pressed to find a more enjoyable way to spend two hours.
Book a one-way flight on the original Phoenix instead.
Refreshingly, it's actually about action, albeit arbitrary action, and how it defines us and keeps us alive.
There are bound to be very few surprises in a movie that gives away its ending in the title.
Flight of the Phoenix is not only reductive but irrelevant too.














@highlight

What this update lacks in tension, it makes up for with generic action.