...it's exciting, the fights are impressively choreographed, direction is very stylish, and it's excellent on a technical level. [Full review in Spanish]
If Keanu Reeves can make a comeback with John Wick, then I hope John Wick can make a case that there is an audience for cheesy action flicks of yesteryear in modern cinema
This revenge film looks slick, stylish and despite its camp story line, keeps you engrossed throughout with a strong impact.
... the kind of action movie that Hollywood rarely makes anymore: simple, streamlined, with action scenes that rely on physical rather than computer generated elements.
It's a rare screenplay that can introduce a compelling action character, create an entire world just beneath our own, and entertainingly destroy it from the inside out all in a hundred minutes.
John Wick is a slick gangster flick simmering in a suppurating green light, featuring Reeves as a kung-fu assassin pursuing... well, the plot's not really important. What is important is the fact that Reeves is still doing this at 50.
It is a wildly entertaining film, from the action scenes, to the sets, to the soundtrack, and in addition, it will likely be known as the comeback role for Keanu Reeves.
...depicts a man who unleashes his mourning on the world.
John Wick is the platonic ideal of a disposable action movie. It gives you everything you want, nothing you don't, and gets you in and out of the theater.
John Wick has a more identifiable ancestry: the chic, sleek and widely imitated South Korean gangster film. The copy is not as effective as the original, but at 101 minutes, it's at least efficient.
Mindless fun on top of mindless fun, a one-note work with nothing at all to say, content to hit the same note for 90 minutes straight.
This is an achievement on an action level that might not break new ground, but it's an extremely focused and competent crowd-pleaser.
[A] blisteringly fun action romp.
If John Wick is the best looking action film in recent memory, it's also bolstered by a phenomenal cast of actors who, be they in parts big or small, manage to craft three-dimensional characters out of stock archetypes.
If you can put up with the constant gunfire and the aggressive score, John Wick offers ridiculous but satisfying action.
Overall, Wick is a whimsical, but satisfying shoot-'em-up. Not all of the bullets hit the mark, but that's not really the point.
Perhaps all action movies should be directed by stuntmen.
Just as he did in Speed and The Matrix, Reeves has found a way to take an action genre and do it just a little bit better than everyone else.
Exists more or less entirely as a highlight reel of great action choreography.
A lovingly crafted, pleasingly characterful effort that delivers impactful, imaginatively executed thrills.
A compact, punchy film without an ounce of flab on it ... It's just a short, sharp, bullet-driven bulldozer of a movie that snaps necks and blows out brains.
John Wick has rebooted Reeves in action-man mode ... it's a sleek, energising revenge juggernaut with a touch of comic-book chic.
Reeves ... elevates it all. Gliding through the carnage in a three-piece suit, steely eyed and steel-fisted, he is, in short, most excellent.
An almost zen-like exercise in wholesale slaughter as abstraction.
Stahelski and co really show their mettle when it comes to the film's extravagant battles. Eschewing fast cuts in favour of long, beautifully choreographed takes, they give the fight scenes a clarity and grace that puts most other action movies to shame.
Funky-elegant, weirdly funny, visually intoxicating. I love this movie so much for how it's different about being more of the same old stuff we always love.
Emotions matter little. Story matters less. Morals don't register at all. But the rhythm of the killing creates its own irresistible machine music.
It's a lean, mean and extremely violent B-movie that's already being confirmed as the first part of a franchise in the making.
A film where action speaks louder than words.
John Wick works because of its sleek, artisanal dovetailing of style and sincerity.
Its saving grace is the sheer operatic excess of the bloodletting.
Just when you have all but given up hope for Keanu Reeves... there comes the hyper-stylised revenge movie John Wick. And you remember what you loved about him in the first place.
Numerous fight sequences are staged with a great deal of skill and style in this lean, propulsive, action-packed revenge thriller.
Ultimately John Wick plays like a fantasy free version of The Crow. If you liked that, this will put wind beneath your wings.
A pretty humourless and violent film, which grinds on and on with more and more gleaming black SUVs getting trashed.
There have been so many awful revenge thrillers lately that we've almost forgotten that it's possible to make a good one...
John Wick is exactly what you'd hope for from a modern action movie - laced with tension, loaded with thrills and not afraid to unleash a few well-timed laughs.
A giddy helping of artful violence delivered with a wink and a cheeky grin. Unsurprisingly, John Wick 2 is already in the works.
Although the fight scenes are as cool and crunchy as compacted snow, it's the world around Wick that appeals most. All chrome, concrete and neon, it looks like something drawn straight from a brilliant graphic novel.
This is a sleek, wet, near noir, with neon and shadows aplenty. Essentially, it's really rather good.
A perfect role for Keanu Reeves, whose deadpan delivery makes the most of the surprisingly amusing script.
Reeves serves up a emphatic reminder of his action hero credentials with a charismatic and acrobatic performance.
"John Wick" is all about the action, a beautifully choreographed ballet of bullets, knives and deadly punches. It's also a triumphant return to the action genre for Keanu Reeves.
With a well-developed main character, outstanding action sequences, and a good dose of laughs along the way, John Wick easily ranks as one of the best and most entertaining action films of the last several years.
Like the man himself, John Wick does whatever it wants and gets the job done.
It's a film where there's almost no plot and what plot there is is totally predictable. So it's just a series of gun battles and, after five minutes or so, you get heartily sick of it.
It's not perfect. But it is special, especially for a mid-budget Hollywood action drama, and it has stuck firmly in my mind since that late-night screening last Friday.
Stahelski and Leitch, both former stunt men, unsurprisingly tackle action sequences with glee... but the quieter scenes are more sophisticated, incorporating a sense of fantasy and visual splendor that almost makes the wafer-thin plot feel fresh.
Reeves is charismatic and kind of otherworldly, and the stunts are shot and presented clearly enough that you can tell what's going on. What else do you need?
With flashy fight choreography and on-the-nose performances from an all-star cast, John Wick delivers a solid action flick experience worthy of Keanu's pedigree in the genre.
In terms of plot and performance, John Wick is cleanly predictable, but the execution is impressive.
The action mounted by Chad Stahelski, a veteran stunt coordinator making his directing debut, is unrelenting, ultraviolent and, after a while, as monotonous as Reeves' one-note performance.
The mordant humor of Derek Kolstad's script quickly dries up, the movie starts taking itself seriously, and the pleasure gives way to the guilt.
It's a modest movie, yes, but it's got style, know-how, hits the spot and knows enough to keep Reeves kicking ass constantly but saying little. Satisfaction pretty much guaranteed.
For a movie in which dozens of people are violently shot in the head, John Wick is an awful lot of fun.
Is it necessary? No. Is it fun? Hell yeah.
Any accusations of excess without an excuse are silenced by the film's cunning sense of humour, and some bonus plotting that exploits these relatively 'lighter' moments to the hilt.
Yet, for all the film's stylishness and a body count worthy of a small civil war, there's no getting around the fact that stiff, stoic Reeves -- who is capable of a few funny, deadpan lines -- isn't a particularly compelling lead action figure.
John Wick was made by first time director Chad Stahelski, who came into the industry as a stuntman. His expertise in that area obviously came in handy with this.
Instead of complimenting one another, the direction and plotting effectively end up cancelling each other out, which makes this promising action throwback a faint echo of the past rather than an invigorating retro blast.
A classic revenge-fueled action pick with the classy Reeves giving it more heft than perhaps it deserves.
Doesn't leave a single cliché unturned.
A fantastic action picture, and one of the best revenge thrillers in a long time.
Stylized almost to abstraction (and sometimes to distraction -- such flourishes as fancifully designed subtitles diminish the intensity), this superior revenge film presents life as a series of pitiless, brutal and lethal negotiations...
Keanu Reeves met John Wick at the perfect moment of his career.
Revels in the killings.
After years, decades even, of watching violence onscreen, revenge movies just don't seem to have as strong an impact. This realization is where the terrific John Wick finds its inspiration.
Stylishly violent and not much else.
Keanu Reeves is back. And he's angry.
... as close to a pure adrenaline rush as you're likely to find at the moment ... Forget the Bogeyman, Reeves' titular character is the Baryshnikov of professional killers.
The best American action movie in a few years.
Smart action film.
It's awesome, watch it at your earliest possible opportunity.
Keanu Reeves quips and kicks and does it all with an impossible level of cool.
The depth of one man's thirst for retribution is immeasurable in John Wick, a carnivorous thriller not ruined, shockingly, by the suddenly-useful vacant stare of leading man Keanu Reeves.
Relentlessly violent and fierce, it revolves around revenge, retribution and redemption.
Reeves is in his element: a natural in hard-edged action thrillers from Speed to The Matrix, he has the benefit of a screenplay that gives him little to say.
Wickedly funny, with a dry wit and upended expectations not only about the character himself but the underground world that sucks hims back in.
Things pick up once the film realizes that character development isn't as important as the ensuing nocturnal game of cat-and-mouse involving abundant chases, explosions, and shootouts.
A flagrantly formulaic picture, one which feels as if it should have starred Chuck Norris back in 1986.
The blood-slicked, vividly drawn film universe John Wick illustrates is such a generous slice of pulp that, even if not original, per se, it exudes a confidence rarely seen these days, surefire franchises be damned.
It's silly but fun, with just enough wry dialogue to let the audience know it's in on the joke and plenty of high octane action to keep the heart pumping.
Yes, he's back, and this is high-grade genre filmmaking.
Co-directors David Leitch and Chad Stahelski, who both come from a stunt background, keep the action relentless, although it builds to a kind of monotony in the latter stages.
A hyper-violent slice of entertainment.
Don't bother with this baloney. Watch a good Korean movie like "I Saw the Devil" to see how a revenge movie is done right.
Stahelski and Reeves have been doing this since The Matrix, where Stahelski was martial arts stunt co-ordinator and Reeves' double. He makes Reeves look real good at shooting Russkies in the face.
This is a straightforward action film with a simple plot. The basic plot is similar to that of 'The Road to Perdition,' but without the additional emotional complexity of the earlier film.
Action movies are about movement, and John Wick pursues that goal with remorseless verve.
Lean, gritty and filled with visual pizzazz. It's refreshing to see someone other than Liam Neeson in a revenge thriller. Keanu Reeves is in top form!
Surprisingly sharp and witty touches lift it above the usual bang bang. There aren't many movies where the funniest line is"Oh." Twice.
a dark fantasy of violence in which the hero isn't the pacifist, it's the guy who really loves his dog
A thrilling and relentless shoot-fest is countered by understatement in this cool, ultra violent, heavy-action revenge thriller in which Keanu Reeves shoots, kicks, punches and stabs his way through an army of Russian bad guys.
A Bloody, Cathartic Ride.
Here's something you don't see very often: a movie that knows exactly what it is, and knows you know it too.
A fun film and one that delivers what it promises, if little more.
You don't go to John Wick for plot any more than you'd go to Raw Deal or Out for Justice for the same back in the day. You go because you know the star, and you want to see him give a beatdown.
John Wick feels like action manna for its cleanly designed gun-fu sequences... but the revenge plotting is deeply dopey and we shouldn't have to choose one or the other.
Gearheads may be more devastated by the loss of Wick's '69 Mustang. Because let's be honest: beagles are plentiful, but they only made a few hundred of those Boss 429s.
Action film is stylish, entertaining but extremely violent.
John Wick is a rousing action thriller of the sort rarely encountered in theaters these days.
Reeves is rather good in the physical, personable and (yes) emotional sense, in a role that plays to his strengths while also allowing space for surprises of the dramatic variety.
Vengeance is accelerated into unflinching action sequences to make this film unmissable. John Wick can proudly be shelved next to The Raid 2 as one of the best action films of the year.
It holds no candle to Keanu Reeves' holy trinity of "Point Break," "Speed" and "The Matrix." But this impish, insolent reminder of Reeves' instincts for adrenalized action should count as time off for good behavior from his stint in movie jail.
John Wick excels, unapologetically, at what it seeks to be: a fun, pulpy, violent B-movie action romp, built upon a cool mythology within a compelling Noir world.
A get-what-you-expect movie of the highest order, but it pulls off some of the slickest, sickest video-game-style action I've seen this year.
John Wick is little more than 101 minutes of Keanu Reeves running around shooting people in the head because they [spoiler redacted]. That's literally all there is to it.
Stahelski stands a bit back from the fights and keeps them clear and coherent, rather than impressionistic.
John Wick is the kind of fired-up, ferocious B-movie fun some of us can't get enough of.
Cinematic greatness it's not, but "John Wick" never aspires to more than what it needs to be: an exciting reminder of why action movies are fun in the first place.
Yeah, I'm thinkng '80's action movies are back!
When Reeves, who seems to be challenging Cruise in the 'what, me 50?' do-my-own-stunts department, gets back in gear, he's like a ghost warrior, twirling, rolling, spinning, stabbing, firing on all cylinders so quickly he's gone before the bodies drop.
So it's that kind of movie, walking a thin line between extreme violence and farce. Reeves has slipped off that tightrope more than once of late but he's got perfect balance in this one.
This is not an action movie in the Michael Bay lineage; rather than an escalating series of explosions, John Wick offers a slow burn, sizzling in a manner true to its hero's surname.
If you are an action film fan, you'll like John Wick.
John Wick is such a pleasure to watch, it's like if Fred Astaire shot a lot of bad guys in the face.
Sensational action scenes make "John Wick" one of the best Keanu Reeves outings in some time.
Mostly it's Keanu playing bang-bang. If that sounds great, go see the movie. If not, congratulations on aspiring to better things.
While the body count grows numbing and repetitive, "John Wick" actually is more compelling in the aesthetically heightened, specifically detailed world it depicts.
Without any recognizable humanity to its characters, "John Wick" remains a disposable piece of violent revenge fantasy, the latest version of which always seems to be more tiring than the last.
It's a beautiful coffee-table action movie.
"John Wick" breathes life into a genre that one might have thought was exhausted, and I wouldn't mind seeing it launch a franchise as long as all the same players are in place. I just hope that, next time, Wick doesn't buy a cat.
Keanu Reeves hasn't been this cool since THE MATRIX
The action scenes are done fairly well, both from the standpoint of the choreography (not being edited to death like some such genre pics) & Reeves handling the physical requirements of such stunt work (Full Content Review for Parents also Available)
While at times repetitive, John Wick builds up plenty of goodwill with its lean, no-nonsense story and some highly-impressive action set pieces.
Aside from its comic-book noir sensibilities, it offers little more than a collision of Hollywood cliches built around a contrived plot we've seen countless times before.
It's a B movie made with A-student love for the relentless thrill of bodies in brutal motion.
By the time the seemingly endless climax rolls around, John Wick has confirmed its place as a generic actioner...
This is a film where every human being is a sack of meat waiting to be tenderized.
This movie is so over the top, you can't track it on radar.
It gets old fast.
Director Chad Stahelski handles the frenzied fusillade with flair. The action scenes in John Wick, while brutal, are also rather breathtaking.
It's a movie with a stunt-man's heart - real fights, no robots, muscle cars.
...an entertaining action film which seems to be taking place in an alternate universe.
The film is really a study of efficiency -- not only in its characters and plotting but also in how its hero works.
If we've learned nothing else from the movies, it's that you don't mess with a man's dog. Because said man is likely some supreme ultimate bad-ass who goes on to kill you, your idiot buddies and the massive criminal organization to which you belong.
A smarter-than average action spectacle that's one of the best of the genre.
It is blood, death, and noise.
90 minutes of senseless, stylishly filmed slaughter by a nondescript man killing other nondescript men.
It's all sharp stuff from Stahelski and writer Derek Kolstad, and Reeves finds decently tailored material in their mix of busy physicality, spare drama, and wickedly dry humor.
Stahelski has created an impressively distinctive, self-contained world for John Wick that emphasizes sophistication and stylishness.
Reeves brings just the right amount of killing tenacity, tempered by a five-year absence from the job, to make Wick formidable yet slightly vulnerable.
John Wick is a low-grade actioner with cheap laughs, cheap thrills and a lot of fun.
A vicious action flick that's both preposterous and enjoyable, the sort of movie you might not want your preteen kids to see but that you'll probably take some guilty pleasure in.
Harboring few ambitions beyond knock-your-socks-off action sequences, this crafty revenge thriller delivers with so much style - and even some wit - that the lack of substance takes longer than it should to become problematic.
"John Wick" is a guy movie (and for women who like Keanu - especially as he plays a sensitive man who grieves the loss of his wife and puppy) and it is chock full of action, many shootouts and, one of my favorite things, real, live action stunts.
a perfect commercial comeback role for Reeves, playing into his low key intensity with style and savagery
He's never been the most expressive of actors, but this role suits Reeves fine---mysterious, brooding, silent, sullen and super-cool, but capable of releasing an unstoppable torrent of deadly force in an instant.
Kinetic revenge yarn with wrinkles drive-in movie critic Joe Bob Briggs might appreciate, like martial arts moves at point blank bullet range; what he'd call gun fu. There's also car fu, knife fu & beagle fu but the less said about that, the better.
"John Wick" transforms the current zeal for hit-man movies into a mix of propulsive homicide and giddy farce.
Plot is not the movie's strong suit. But stylish set pieces are.
More than a few oohs and aahs will accompany Reeves' dynamic dance of death.
It's smart but not so smart that it doesn't deliver good, dumb thrills.
Utterly formulaic, but still compelling, thanks in part to a fine villain, clever story touches, and clear-eyed direction from David Leitch and Chad Stahelski.
Go for Reeves as a killing machine, stay for the blood spray and gnarly action, smartly and calmly photographed by Jonathan Sela.
Adorned with a shiny suit, sharp-toed shoes and matted, unkempt hair, Reeves moves like a greased bullet through this action film beaming with vibrant life, even though it mostly deals with death.
The scenes of hand-to-hand combat are stupendous, often playing out in long-take medium shots that allow us to savor the fight choreography, and the production design is an eyeful.
The film is thematically thin, and it has a tendency to embrace the action genre's more obnoxious elements, but there's a proudly no-nonsense air to its nonsensicality.
Meet John Wick. If the name doesn't ring a bell, his fists will.
Smart, exciting and thrilling, this revenge thriller marks a great return to form for Keanu Reeves.
Sorry, Keanu, but you stole my time and you murdered my brain cells.
Efficient and stylish, rattling off genre conventions with aplomb.
Reeves is wonderful here, a marvel of physicality and stern determination - he moves with the grace of an old-school swashbuckler.
Imagine a combination of "Unforgiven" and "Men in Black," and you're getting close.
Brawls that are exciting in the beginning become dull as each sequence attempts to outdo the last. But John Wick has a more interesting story and better fights than most, not to mention, if too briefly, a puppy.
"John Wick" is like the action-movie version of a shark - a non-stop killing machine that dies if it ever stops moving.
A slick, propulsive and ridiculous crime picture that strides like an automatic machine gun
The brilliant frontrunner of the genre. Hail the return of Reeves back on top in this exciting "kill-them-all" aria. The soundtrack is fantastic. Keanu, stay with this franchise and away from romantic movies.
2014 has seen its share of big screen lethargy, but John Wick is a potent reminder that concentration on the visual essentials and a sharp sense of narrative goals are all any filmmaker really needs to cause an exceptional commotion.
Get ready, because John Wick is totally out of control
An underworld fantasy that grafts crisp action on to Rian Johnson-esque world-building, producing one of the more fully realized shoot-'em-up flicks in recent memory.
Keanu unleashed. Gunbattles without end.
Stahelski stages a number of fluid action sequences, mixing brutality with clarity and just enough wit.
The man known to most for the utterance of a single exclamation asserts his place as an action star two decades after Point Break and Speed convinced audiences that he might just have the chops.
One of the most excitingly visceral action flicks I've seen in ages.
Both ludicrous and ludicrously entertaining, "John Wick's" stylish look, B-movie vibe and less-is-more, longer-takes-are-stronger-takes approach to action make it a standout.
John Wick adds little to the revenge thriller genre, save for a few stylish shots.
A badass, stylish piece of genre filmmaking. But it's also a kick-ass 65-minute story banging around in a 96-minute package.
Where have you gone, Keanu Reeves?
Keanu's best role in years is, shockingly, one that doesn't require a lot of talking.
Unburdened by exposition, Reeves is free to do what he does best: be one of his generation's best action stars. John Wick is a perfect vehicle for him.
After a marked absence from the genre, Reeves resoundingly returns with an effortless, kinetic style that positions the film extremely well for any potential follow-ups.
Wick is as you would expect, all style and no substance, not even a hint. What it does, it does well, but its ambitions are incredibly limited.
Back in action-hero mode, Keanu Reeves joins forces with his 'Matrix' stunt double to deliver a slick and satisfying revenge thriller.
John Wick features a terrific movie star turn by Keanu Reeves along with superb action sequences and robust/creative world-building that puts the would-be "Let's make a Marvel-style expanded universe" copycats to shame.
"John Wick" won't redefine action movies, but it perfectly exemplifies what I want from an action film when I go. Have fun with the world, shoot the action well, motivate it in a way that doesn't feel cheap.
Cool? The film sweats cool.
A lean, colorful, crowd-pleasing bloodbath.
Kolstad's script does an excellent job of building a world rich in pulpy noir archetypes, hinting at entire criminal infrastructures operating just beneath the surface of society.
John Wick also sports an interesting premise and a surprisingly sharp bit of world-building not normally seen in your average shoot 'em up.
The universe that that's set up is an intriguing one. The mission that Wick embarks on a compelling one. And in terms of action, drama and excitement, the film truly delivers.
"John Wick" is ostensibly a B-grade action movie about a hitman's quest for (bloody) revenge, but in Keanu Reeves' nimble hands, it becomes a much more joyous experience.
John Wick is a fuse that first-timer Chad Stahelski struggles to light, but once the flame catches, it's a short fuse that burns fast and hard.
A style and tone as impressive as its action.
This is the most entertaining Keanu Reeves action vehicle since THE MATRIX. JOHN WICK is a wild and bloody ride that hardly lets up until the final frame.
Fists and bullets fly freely as Keanu sets his sights on a Russian mobster. What more could you ask for?

@highlight

Stylish, thrilling, and giddily kinetic, John Wick serves as a satisfying return to action for Keanu Reeves -- and what looks like it could be the first of a franchise.