It's not for everyone, or funny all the time, but it's worth it for the performances, the cast, the cinematography and of course the complicated and even absurd plot. [Full review in Spanish]
Snark maybe is as snark does, but aren't there cases where snark is justified?
Yet again the Coens parade a carnival of stupidity before us, another cavalcade of caricatured schmucks, imbeciles and idiots.
Burn After Reading maintains comic balance, and after so many smart, gutsy Coen movies (many in the note of madcap), that shouldn't be a surprise.
It might be the same old song, but I could watch these guys play it over and over again.
Seldom has a comedy about such thoroughly dumb individuals been so engaging, or so insightful.
A comedy so stupid, it doesn't realise it's a comedy. If intelligence is relative, then ignorance is bliss.
A quirky tale of lust, greed, vanity, idiocy and ineptitude that spreads its giggly ripples through the bureaucratic buildings and leafy suburbs of Washington, D.C.
A month from now you'll have forgotten all about it.
Coen fans will also enjoy their distinct brand of whip-cracking dialogue, which is almost musical in its rhythms.
Sure Burn After Reading is disjointed, fragmented and frustrated. But that's the point.
Gratuitous stuff, flat and desperate
It's a just-for-funsies caper, and the Coen brothers seem to revel in it, helped along by an impressive cast that gleefully follows their lead.
Fails to live up to the high expectations involuntarily set by such reputable talent.
a quirky, delicious comedy with an A-list cast clearly enjoying every moment of their screen time
Please send Get Well cards to the Coen Brothers. After last year's No Country for Old Men, for which they won the Oscar for Best Picture of the Year, Joel and Ethan Coen have had a relapse. Their new offering Burn After Reading is reminiscen
A bunch of pieces in search of a puzzle.
Unlikable characters who do stupid things.
Burn Before Watching.
Una disparatada comedia que le toma el pelo a la (des)inteligencia norteamericana, de la mano de un puñado de personajes absurdos animados por un estupendo elenco.
Influenciados pelos mesmos clichês que comprometem tantas produções do estilo, os próprios personagens de Queime Depois de Ler parecem não saber diferenciá-los da realidade.
Showcases a pitch-black comic sensibility that will either attract or repel moviegoers.
All in all though, fun times. I look forward to revisiting it again in the future, like most Coen bros movies.
Tries to be "The Big Lebowski" of the War on Terror.
Burn After Reading is part spy spoof and part rumination of middle-aged loneliness, which goes a long way to explain why its elements never cohere.
Even though Burn After Reading is often funny, it rarely achieves either the hilarity of Intolerable Cruelty or the iconic goofiness of The Big Lebowski.
It's like a spy thriller, but with no spies and no thrills.
aristotehniki diaheirisi mias fainomenika polymplegmenis plokis, tin opoia ksepsahnizoyn me haraktiristiki anesi kai aksiozileyti oikonomia, ksediplonontas me pliros sobaro antikataskopiko styl ap' ti skinothesia kai ti fotografia, mehri to montaz kai ti
These are functioning morons, they walk and work among us. And they are brilliant and funny and in spite of the screwball-comedy nature of the story, they are completely believable.
, Frances McDormand might get nominated for an Academy Award in a supporting role. She was great.
It's morbidly absurdist, thoroughly pointless, and can certainly be funny at times.
It's surely old-hat by now to note the writer/directors' pervasive condescension and smugness, a criticism I don't think always holds true, especially when the Brothers more fully explore, e.g. The Man Who Wasn't There, their no less ubiquitous spi
Big stars act like darn fools in this broad black comedy, a lesser effort from the Coen Brothers.
It constantly teeters on the brink of falling apart, but it's held together by the sheer will of its talented cast, all of whom seem to relish the opportunity to get a little goofy.
The Coens are loopy stylists, and it's often amusing to watch this comedy of errors unfold. But after a masterpiece like No Country for Old Men, Burn After Reading is classified as disposable.
A smart urban screwball comedy about the perils of idiocy that uses its all-star cast to dazzling and often hilarious effect.
A darkly satiric sendup of the bumblers, incompetents and idiots living in and around Langley, Va.
It's equally ridiculous and real, funny and sad.
A roller coaster of emotions that will have you laughing one moment and gasping in shock the next.
Skip descriptions of the plot, reject self-righteous denunciations of smart skepticism and charming evil, go and wallow in life-affirming laughter.
This is Coen Brothers Lite, and extremely entertaining at that.
Burn After Reading isn't 'cold' or distant -- it's a game, and a good one at that.
The performances are altogether delightful.
The great strength of the Coen brothers is their scripts, and Burn After Reading is not only one of their most skilfully plotted films, it's also one of their wittiest.
Made with the absolute assurance of filmmakers who know exactly what they're doing.
It's possibly the Coens' least romantic film, which makes the cynical tone a tough pill to swallow, but chances are that you'll be too busy hooting and chuckling idiotically to notice.
Halfway between a good Coen brothers movie and a terrible Coen brothers movie.
Indeed, the spies and thrills don't add up at all. The plot is a total mistake. The characters are madly absurd. The film shouldn't work, but it does.
Burn After Reading is the Coens' most mediocre film in a long time: a desperately strained black comic farce.
Glib, unfunny, patronising: take your pick.
If No Country For Old Men was vintage port, Burn After Reading is a shot of tequila: eye watering and hard to swallow, but the after-effect is terrific.
The whole thing is a triumphant exercise in the art of silliness for its own sake.
Burn After Reading is a clown-mobile; a comical death-trap constructed from lots of disposable parts.
The title says it all. Seemingly eager to show us that they're still pranksters rather than players, the post-Oscar Coens whip up a screwball soufflé that only the perverse will ponder at length. Snappy, snarky and full of big stars being very, very silly
The cast is spot on, the comedy schtick is classic stuff and the who thing plays out like the ultimate exercise in exactly how to make a great movie.
Cleverly plotted and brilliantly acted, this is up there with Fargo and Raising Arizona as the Coens' finest comedic work.
All in all, the Coens do what they do best - not just by giving us a movie a million miles away from No Country, but by laying to rest the ghosts of The Ladykillers et al with their first genuinely funny comedy in 10 years.
Well, The Sneak learned that the Coen brothers can transform Pitt and Clooney into two of the funniest actors around and what just happened was the best comedy of the year.
But wait. Didn't screwball farce go out 70 years ago? Around the time of Harry Cohn? Aren't we watching necromancy in action? Yes, yes and yes.
Deceptively dark for all its lightness, Coen haters will be infuriated by a stylish conceit that perversely sets out not to amount to a hill of beans.
As it is, the Coens have constructed, with the aid of some of the best players in the business, a comedy that, like those other brothers called Marx, is spitefully able to make monkeys of practically everybody.
An enjoyable Coen Brothers comedy with strong comic performances throughout, though it's more Intolerable Cruelty than The Big Lebowski.
Burn After Reading is a near-perfect example of what Joel and Ethan Coen excel at: taking genres of all kinds - noir thriller, action, whatever - and twisting them a la penis puppetry
chuckle away, by all means - but also watch this with open eyes, and you might just begin to suspect that the absurd collateral damage on show here is a worrying reflection of the world that we all live in, where the dumb lead the dumber.
The Coen Brothers should stop collaborating on comedies with George Clooney. None has worked, and none less so than this leaden spy game. At least Brad Pitt is the loosest he's cut in years, emerging as a potential go-to guy for future Coen comedies.
There is satire aplenty, comedy, relationships, and plain crazy fun as intelligence gathering characters (intelligence is relative here) come face to face (or something) with bumbling amateur blackmailers.
A dizzyingly enjoyable turn by the Coen Brothers that toys with espionage, adultery, blackmail and murder with a darkly comic edge, Burn Without Reading is a compelling combo of political thriller and sex farce.
A pleasant return to the silliness of the Coens' earlier pictures from the stiltedness of their latter-day offerings ("No Country'" excepted).
If you are a Coens fan you should like it. It's not as funny as THE BIG LEBOWSKI, but there's enough memorable moments and lines in it that will make you want to see it again.
A low-key comedy with a high-powered cast ... it's a bit too mannered, but it's also thoroughly hilarious
While the end of Burn After Reading dribbles away, we realize that we don't care very much about the characters and their futures.
... the Marx Brothers couldn't outrace the Coen boys when it comes to zany comic shenanigans.
The fact is the talented ensemble cast overshadows the bland, blackmail comedy noir, even though the film's trailer promises quirky fun.
The overall tone I like the filmmakers saying, 'Yeah, we did that. That just happened. You saw it. It's stupid but we don't care.' They just keep letting it roll from being innocently dirty at times to farcical and referential.
Pitt's the only person in Burn After Reading who consistently generates laughs - which, for a Coen brothers comedy, is an appalling batting average.
Burn After Reading is a disposable lark, and it's treated by the filmmakers as such; Forget After Seeing would be a far more honest title.
Even if the story behind Burn After Reading wasn't all that impressive, I'm sure the film would still stick in your mind because of the performances from its star-studded cast.
The film grabs you immediately and never lets you go.
...ultimately fits quite comfortably within the Coen brothers' various comedic endeavors...
The Coens concoct brilliantly clever ways of intersecting the lives and stories of the characters during the course of this goofy, entertaining dark comedy.
Maestros of time and place, the Coen brothers orchestra a convergence of incompetence, bad decisions and all-around silliness.
... a fun ride down the roller coaster of the dark side of human nature as only the Coens can explore it.
A mixed bag of tricks that sometimes works, and sometimes doesn't.
A movie so full of senseless characters and actions that you 'forget after seeing'
Like the meaning of its title, its stature within the Coen continuum is for you to decide.
The surface foolishness of the Coens' latest feels like a carefully designed bit of misdirection aimed at masking another tale of lonely, aimless people.
Funny in spots, but bloody uneven, and there is nobody to root for when most of the characters are self-centered fools.
In the world of the Coens' darkly funny film, we're all going to hell and the only possible response is to sit back and be amused by the sheer absurdity of the ride.
Here we are back on firm Coen Brothers bitter black comedic territory ala Fargo and The Big Lebowski and the laughs are aplenty in this aptly tagged "smart movie about stupid people."
You'll even enjoy the characters you hate in "Burn After Reading," the latest from the Academy-Award-winning team of the Coen Brothers.Smart, sophisticated and darkly comic, this is an update on the screwball comedy with about 10 extra twists added to the
This is the sort of thing the Coens do best: mixing sweet and sour to twist your emotions on a dime.
For fans of the Coens... it suggests, especially on the heels of No Country for Old Men, that they have rediscovered their cinematic vision after several lean years.
Burn After Reading may not have the sparse majesty of No Country...but in its own way its an even more brutal assignation of moral confusion.
The pacing isn't quite as screwy as the premise and it winds up with the occasional lag while it chases too much of any particular subplot
Had this screwball comedy been made in the 1930s, it might have starred the Marx Brothers, as each character is a comedic one-up of the next. The Coen's cast is perfect.
While it doesn't rank up there in the first tier of Coen classics -- and that's a pretty difficult club to break into these days -- the film is a fairly diverting 90-minute romp.
Malkovich plus Pitt is perfection. In fact, I wish the film could have focused on just the two of them.
This parody from the Coen Brothers is merely easy cynicism.
Bogart famously said that it doesn't take much to see that the problems of three little people don't amount to a hill of beans in this crazy world. The Coens believe that too. They just have a way more thoroughly sick and twisted way of pointing it out.
Considering the impressive ensemble, it's too bad Burn ends up perfectly good but never truly great.
The Coen Brothers go undercover creatively for this playful spy comedy, twisting colliding plot schemes and lines alike while juggling online stranger sex and an uncooperative ex-CIA extortion victim with violent tendencies.
Alternatively mirthful and macabre, while poking fun at both modern mating habits and the paranoia of espionage culture, this sophisticated social satire is a refreshingly-intelligent diversion designed with the more cerebral cineaste in mind.
A beautifully inhuman spy farce in which nobody amounts to anything more than their loopy desires.
Easily the funniest film by Joel and Ethan Coen since The Big Lebowski...feels more like their old stuff than anything else they've done in a decade.
Worth viewing if only to see Clooney, McDormand, and Pitt all play what Malkovich's character refers to as a 'league of morons'.
Goofy fluff spy comedy that revolves around a missing CIA memoir.
Our enjoyment of 'Burn After Reading' stems from watching an A-list ensemble behave in a shamelessly goofy manner.
When the Coen Brothers decide to go on a diet, the dudes abide. Burn is 96 lean minutes with characters who lie, cheat, kill and obsess over fitness. And yet they're the most likable folks east of Brainerd. (You betcha!)
Burn After Reading aims for nothing but a few subversive giggles, which it delivers handily over the course of a quick 96 minutes.
It's not the best film in the Coen Brothers' library, but like almost any one of their films, it's better than most movies out there.
The Coens have done it again. Insanely funny.
There's no Country in the Coens' latest, but plenty of great comedy.
On screen, delusional schmoes are more fun than smart people, and in the latest film from Joel and Ethan Coen, the imperious former spook played by John Malkovich accuses his blackmailers...of heading a league of morons.
The cast couldn't be better. Clooney and Pitt are A-list morons, Malkovich is volcanically abusive, and Swinton, stiff with beady-eyed suspicion, is a perfect comic foil.
In the end. "Burn After Reading" is a film that is essentially about nothing much at all but it goes about achieving that nothing in such audaciously funny ways that it turns out to be something after all.
Burn After Reading is a piffle, but it's a savagely amusing one.
Ethan and Joel Coen are masters of exaggeration. Their films define the term and are done with cunning and cleverness not possessed by mere mortal filmmakers.
Burn After Reading bursts with wonderfully wacky intrigue. The film's dramatic music punctuates the story line with a goofy gusto.
After the portentous No Country for Old Men, Joel and Ethan Coen return to their trademark brand of cruel, misanthropic farce, and for dark laughs and hurtling narrative momentum this spy caper is their best work since Fargo.
Burn After Reading could just as well have been called Forget After Seeing.
The brisk pace and sharp humor in Burn After Reading is a welcome relief after weeks of witless comedies and overblown action flicks.
None of it makes strict sense, which is why it's called screwball, but in its own crazy way Burn After Reading nails the essential folly of humans pretending to be civilized.
A cruelly, insanely hilarious comedy populated with imbeciles whose appetites lead to giant helpings of Just Desserts.
In the end, the movie doesn't add up to much, but it's fast and funny and lets a bunch of top-drawer actors exercise their comic muscles.
The film is hilarious in patches, shocking in patches, utterly convincing in patches and close to brilliant in patches.
An entertaining but slight Coen brothers comedy that benefits immensely from Pitt's and Clooney's dumbbell acts.
Subversive silliness in the finest Coens tradition.
As expected, the plot-savvy Coens find devilishly clever ways to link these disparate stories. They're less successful in finding a tone to connect them.
Burn After Reading is nothing more and nothing less than a savvy and talented cast having its way with a clever, hilarious script, with absolutely no weighty issues at stake.
Extremely well-cast. Extremely well-written, too (with one of those clockwork plots -- beloved of the Coens since Blood Simple -- in which people, fatally, act before getting all the facts).
Most audiences will find it a head-scratcher with a dismaying act of violence and a haphazard plot that fizzles out without any of the main characters on-screen.
A cartoonish spoof of espionage thrillers, Burn After Reading comes on so goofily that you don't notice the pessimistic undertone right away.
Burn doesn't rank up with the Coens' best comedies, but, with its bevy of Beltway types acting purely out of self-interest, it has its finger on the pulse of the times more than its slight framework might indicate.
What Burn does deliver is a handful of superbly dry comic scenes, some memorable depictions of human perfidy and idiocy and a couple of shockingly violent plot twists that'll have you wondering if you really saw what you think you saw.
It's laugh-out-loud funny.
Burn After Reading is neither an instant classic like No Country for Old Men nor a psychedelic playground like The Big Lebowski. But it is a Coen brothers kick in the pants.
A twisted spy farce populated with characters that might as well be windup toys, Burn After Reading is nevertheless a hoot -- mostly thanks to the all-star cast.
A thoroughly disposable comic romp made by a bunch of people who probably should have been working on bigger and better things, Burn After Reading is sure to frustrate just about anyone who goes to see it.
You have to hand it to the Coen brothers. Even their cinematic 'failures' are pretty interesting.
The ensemble is at once loose and pitch perfect. Hardly a one of them plays a wholly likable person, yet each reveals the despearate or stupid humanity of their characters.
As a chance to watch a gaggle of Serious Actors ham it up in an intricately plotted (though easy to follow) yarn, it's a well-executed diversion.
[The Coens'] tragedies are stark and moody; their comedies sting and mock. Burn After Reading fits into the second category, but it's as pitiless and brutal as any of their pictures and funnier than any except Raising Arizona.
A deliriously funny and delightful comedy, another exceptional movie from a creative team that seems boundlessly skilled and imaginative no matter the genre.
The difference between Burn After Reading and much better Coen comedies like Raising Arizona, Fargo, and O Brother, Where Art Thou? is that the brothers' smugness has finally gone over the top.
The script is clever and would be brilliant if it worked.
The Coen brothers may be masters of black comedy, but there are times when there's no point in taking them seriously.
Burn After Reading is typical Coen brothers, but Brad Pitt's appearance is anything but expected.
Out of boredom or a need to unbalance their audiences, the Coens' follow-up is a bumbler, its first half as aimless as a drunk spider making threads without plotting a trap.
The Coens' brand of irreverent chuckles propels Burn After Reading as a stylistic and sassy sideshow for unredeemable rogues on the road to surrealistic scrutiny.
Black and snappy, the Coen brothers' latest nihilistic wonder is an overt comedy about covert ops ...
What's worse? Victimization by Washington's intel? Or victimization by a total lack of one's own? This is some clever comedy, where casual murder and serial dating go, um, hand-in-gland.
Sour candy...redeemed by its humor and its clever construction, harkening back to the relatively optimistic crime comedy Fargo.
'Burn' may be inspired by eight years of Washington iniquity, but it hardly represents a departure from the typically curdled worldview of the Coens.
A stellar cast and the usual percolating plot of the Coens combine in one of their most entertaining crime comedies to date. Funny stuff with Clooney, McDormand and Malkovich frame a breakthrough comedic performance by Brad Pitt.
This isn't the Coens playing it safe following their Oscar win. Rather, Burn After Reading is a movie about idiots made by geniuses.
The script chases its tail for an hour and a half and then conks out, tired and strangely satisfied with its catch.
Ozzie (John Malkovich) embodies the problem of the CIA, of the "intelligence community," which is that it reacts to data, then fashions a story about it to comport with the reaction.
Burn After Reading, played for laughs by two directors clearly in prankish moods and never above inflicting their sadism on audiences, is the flipside of the Coen's existential dread in No Country for Old Men.
Burn After Reading, the clubby, predictably self-amused comedy from Joel and Ethan Coen, has a tricky plot, visual style, er, to burn, but little heart.
It's funny, sometimes delightful, sometimes a little sad, with dialogue that sounds perfectly logical until you listen a little more carefully and realize all of these people are mad.
Screwball fare is meant to be lightweight, but this is just empty. In the end, Burn After Reading doesn't add up so much as go up -- in a puff of thin smoke, barely there and then gone.
It's a deliciously venal throwaway, and while the film does attempt to make some pointed comments about the declining mental acumen of American society overall this one is pointlessly diverting fun and really nothing else.
After the darkness of No Country for Old Men, the Coen Bros. eased up with a deadpan espionage farce played out by small fish convinced that they are in deep waters...
A minor work on the Coen brothers' résumé is still better than, or as good as, most other filmmakers' best.
Another Coen Brother's classic. The point of Burn After Reading is that there is no point and that is the entire point.
A lesser Coen work, a negligible dark comedy that will be remembered alongside, say, The Ladykillers rather than with, say, The Big Lebowski.
Brothers Joel and Ethan Coen could direct a movie like Burn After Reading in their sleep, and I don't mean that as a slight.
I want to say Burn After Reading has trouble getting going, but it NEVER gets going
The Coen brothers' funniest movie since The Big Lebowski.
a lot of fun to watch, but it's not going to hold up as one of the Coen Brothers major works.
even in the clichéd arena of affairs of the heart, the Coens are capable of something subversive, and quite special.
The Coens know how to write about dumb people, and everybody's dumb!. This...lets you come out of it no wiser, but probably in better spirits than when you started.
Doesn't stand up to Fargo or Blood Simple, but it's a chance to watch some top-notch actors jump their rails and head into terra bizarro.
Another Coens twisty, genre-tweaking movie filled with deadpan delivery by characters who are venal, dumb, or both, plus some shockingly grisly violence.
For those who like their black comedy without a trace of cream or sugar, Burn holds up as a minor Coen brothers comedy, a Hudsucker Proxy rather than a Big Lebowski.
A goofy screwball romp that affords a gaggle of A-listers the chance to hambone around in antic style.
The high-octane cast works hard. But there's nothing to suggest anybody off camera tried that hard, which is fatal to a Coen outing.
Despite their best efforts, the film moves in fits and starts. Burn After Reading bounces; it just never gets rolling.
The plot is grippingly complex and at the same time laughably ludicrous, and it has one of the best wrap-up lines ever filmed.
It has its moments, but is all too easy to erase from your memory.
The Coens are so hot right now they could probably sell the idea for a comedy involving the changing of fish tank water.
Burn does a lot for a lark, but a lark it is nonetheless, and perfectly welcome as long as the Coens bring back their ambition next time around.
Joel and Ethan Coen have such a distinctive creative palette that there ought to be a paint color named after them.
Shot, scored and edited like a paranoid conspiracy thriller, but acted with comic exuberance by a brilliant ensemble cast, it presents itself seriously while making hardly any sense at all.
Here, the brothers weave an elaborate, misanthropic web of desperation and betrayal around a group of characters so jaded they take no real pleasure from their artless deceptions and sordid affairs. Imagine how we feel.
J.K. Simmons makes his character's teflon tactics a witty criticism and his line readings are like hilarious subtitles to the action.
Burn's land of the perpetually deluded works as an amusing place to visit, but an even better place to flee.
If you're into the Coens brand of sardonic humor showcased in the likes of Fargo, O Brother Where Art Thou? and The Hudsucker Proxy then this should be right up you're ally.
A back-stabbing, double-crossing, exhaustively absurd caper with pitch-black comedic enhancements, "Burn" is a beauty; a charged symphony of impulsive idiots left to their own devices.
We are no longer in No Country, but we are assuredly in Coen Country.
A fun, disposable piece of nonsense--and proud of it.
Mostly we're along for a curious ride. Individual scenes are enjoyable, some laugh-out-loud funny. But it's not a story being told, really, so much as an exercise in ongoing and increasing stupidity on the part of the characters.
Quirky, violent Coen comedy isn't meant for kids.
The transition from Oscar-winning masterpiece to this mess is especially depressing. Burn After Reading is a disposable lark, and it's treated by the filmmakers as such; Forget After Seeing would be a far more honest title.
A clever black comedy that pokes fun at some of the obsessions of our frantic times including surveillance, cosmetic surgery, and physical fitness.
And you thought No Country for Old Men was nihilistic.
An anti-conspiracy lampoon of conspiracy thrillers, the Coens' Burn After Reading paints its floundering Washington inhabitants as intractably or even fatally stupid.
It would be no country for movie lovers without the Coens. They still manage to run unmuzzled while the rest of Hollywood runs scared.
One doesn't think twice about seeing a Coen Brothers comedy satire. Unfortunately, "Burn After Reading" is not one I'd run to see twice.
Those crazy Coen Brothers veer a hard left with a humorous and cautionary tale of lust and revenge.
Even at their most inane, Joel and Ethan Coen have managed something that is at the least, more entertaining than most of the other comedic dreck lurking around in the theater.
With a wealth of lip-smacking character turns and a plot that keeps us off our guard, Burn After Reading takes its entertaining place among the better lesser Coen brothers films, even if it doesn't burn itself into our memory.
Isn't much more than an extravagantly complicated joke, [but] it's a pretty funny one, with plenty of those mordantly humorous jolts the [Coens] are so good at.
A characteristically supercilious and crisply shot clown show filled with cartoon perfs and predicated on extravagant stupidity.
Once more in Burn After Reading [the Coens] goof around, in their arch, bemused way, with conventions of genre -- a little screwball here, some spy spoof there.
Lesser artists would have followed a critical smash like No Country with another noir, courting audience favor through familiarity. But Burn After Reading, though shocking, is simply the flipside of the Coens' existential dread.
Nothing in the movie makes sense at all, but that's not necessarily a drawback.
Burn After Reading is a crime comedy-of-errors that's pretty much flawless.
Burn After Reading is untranscendent, a little tired, the first Coen brothers picture on autopilot. In the words of the CIA superior, it's 'no biggie.'
Joel and Ethan Coen's Burn After Reading, from their own screenplay, strikes me as one of the most willfully awful movies I've ever seen.
...a comedy classic that can stand with "Raising Arizona," "Fargo" and "The Big Lebowski" as memorable.
an impishly smart film about the stupidity rampant in people who think they are being clever
Burn After Reading is a welcome escape from September's usual crop of inane thrillers starring Nicolas Cage or Julianne Moore.
[O]ne gets the impression that with just a few cuts, the film could be a gut-busting laugh riot or a taut bit of suspense. What actually wound up on screen, however, feels like all and none of the above at the same time.
The Coen Brothers give their A-list stars a goosey-loosey plot and terrific supporting players.
Burn After Reading likely won't be a major Oscar contender for 2009, but that doesn't mean it won't offer a hell of a good time in theaters toward the end of 2008.
The Coens do comedy with the same level of intensity as they do drama, and in Burn that comes through in the mock-thriller atmosphere they create...
It's not the contrived plot that matters here, it's the execution - and the Coens are masters of broadly drawn characters and stylized visuals.
Even black comedy requires that the filmmakers love someone, and the mock cruelties in Burn After Reading come off as a case of terminal misanthropy.
Burn After Reading is the new Coen Bros classic that you'll be quoting ad nauseum for the next decade.
Chalk it up to the Coens' much-cited misanthropy or misplaced satirical intent, but there's nothing enjoyable or insightful about hanging out with this duplicitous crowd.
Burn After Reading is a blackly comic illustration of Murphy's Law, set in the Washington world of CIA espionage, and populated with a cast of delusional dunces who are a wonder to behold.
The writing/directing team of Joel and Ethan Coen create a laugh-a-minute black comedy that pokes fun at America's surveillance-dominated existence, plastic surgery desires, and all out greed.
Burn After Reading is a movie about stupidity that left me feeling stupid.
A tightly wound, slickly plotted spy comedy.
Star vehicle that's playful but anti-glamorous? Goofy comedy-thriller that defies genre expectations in blending satire, spoof, parody and violence? The Coens' new film is all of the above, done in breezy 94 minutes
Everything here has been dialed up to an almost grotesquely exaggerated extent, making for a film that feels misjudged from the opening scene and thereafter only occasionally hits the right note.
It takes a while to adjust to the rhythms and subversive humor of Burn because this is really an anti-spy thriller in which nothing is at stake, no one acts with intelligence and everything ends badly.
Governmental stupidity is this chapter's specific target, delivered scattershot, making it a really timely election year comedy. Adding to the corrosive reality? It's totally not funny.
The reason this film gets a slightly above average grade is the strength of Brad Pitt's silliness and the momentum the movie has near the end.





@highlight

With Burn After Reading , the Coen Brothers have crafted another clever comedy/thriller with an outlandish plot and memorable characters.