Keep the Lights On acknowledges (without belaboring) the performative nature of identity; how each of our claims to selfhood, be it sexual, romantic, or professional, are staged on a shifting terrain of habit, fantasy, and desire.
The best film of 2012...Perfect.
Small in frame but large in heart.
Sachs captures Erik's yearning for Paul and Paul's addiction-induced indifference with equal force.
An intimate, honest and uncompromising study of the need for love and the addictions to drugs, sex and intense emotion that may accompany -- and sabotage -- love's pursuit.
A brutally honest, at times embarrassingly raw, attempt to capture a modern day, urban relationship...bittersweet and filled with memorable details, a huge leap forward for [director] Sachs.
It feels as if we're being given glimpses into real lives unfolding.
There's a lot to like here, and if you're a traditionalist who hungers for a happy ending, you'll find it embedded in the opening credits.
Director-cowriter Sachs takes an unusually intimate look at a 10-year relationship in this beautifully shot and performed New York drama.
A tenderly observed portrait of a man aching for romance even as he resists the idea of full commitment.
Every frame pulses with hard-gained experience: it may be the most lived-in film of 2012, and certainly counts among the most moving.
Monitoring the peaks and troughs of this fractious relationship is more fascinating than enjoyable.
A visually arresting and wholly compelling drama, thanks to its gorgeously warm cinematography, pleasing soundtrack and impressive and convincing performances from its two male leads.
This is a painful drama, but its pain is more studied than emotive, and it demands that we think just as much as it makes us feel.
Feels lopsided in its focus on Erik, with Paul remaining a strangely remote object of the former's romantic devotion.
While not quite on a par with Andrew Haigh's Weekend, this is still an undeniably powerful piece of filmmaking.
It is a film in which we see snapshots of a long-term love affair that seems doomed from the start. The raw truth of much of it is strong enough to make the sometimes frustrating structure forgivable.
It all has the feel of a pretentious film student desperately trying to make a statement with his thesis film. It's extremely overwrought with laughable melodrama.
The cast, uniformly excellent, draws us into a vibrant, energetic Manhattan where commitments are forged and broken through sheer chance and those seeking permanence must continually resist temptation and ennui.
A complex and mysterious tale of a love affair, one that lacks the tidy story arc of a movie but feels real.
I suspect it will have particular appeal for those who struggle with addiction.
When you summon memories of this film, they are almost always of two men in a room, in a default state of discontent.
A gay relationship story told with subtlety and a sense of insight that comes from personal experience.
Keep the Lights On is an intense, haunting and gut-wrenchingly honest character drama about how addiction can tear love apart.
A heart-breaking love story and call for emotional transparency in relationships.
The performances are first-rate, with Lindhardt particularly moving as a guy who's in deep denial about just how much he can expect from a relationship with an addict.
The movie over-blurs the line between plain and plaintive. It's not necessarily craziness you crave, it's inflection; it's need, if not from the characters then from the filmmaking.
In trying to capture a moment in time, Sachs has left nothing uncovered. Navigating his darkest moments with unsparing honesty, he finds a flicker of hope.
Observing Erik face the inevitable, that loving a drug addict means always coming second to the substance, is heartbreaking and real.
An accomplished indie filmmaker ("Forty Shades of Blue"), Sachs creates a genuinely romantic bond between his actors that feels fresh and free of clichés.
Lindhardt conveys the inability to give up on a romantic obsession and subplots about the rest of his life...feel natural. But Booth's Paul...is a hollow center.
Such is the stuff of high drama, but "Keep the Lights On" maintains an oddly distant air.
Gay love story keeps the focus tight and personal, with strong sex scenes and very naturalistic acting.
A gritty, devastating melodrama that chronicles an intense, complex, and heartrending relationship over the course of a decade.
A harsh yet delicate tale of two New Yorkers whose co-dependent relationship is fueled by sex, drugs and complex longings for companionship.
Sachs makes us feel the struggle as he exposes raw, complex emotions while avoiding clichés.
[A] haunting, melancholy relationship drama.
A tough, well-acted little indie ...
The look, mood and rhythm of the film are exquisitely, even thrillingly authentic.
A nuanced portrait of emotional turmoil, persuasively acted, richly sensual one moment, wrenching the next ...
What makes Keep the Lights On more interesting than your average addiction story is the subtle suggestion that Erik's dependence on Paul and his messes is just as debilitating as Paul's taste for drugs.
Lindhardt, sweet and childish and achingly vulnerable, gives a stunning performance.
Long before the eighth fraught reunion between this self-serious drama's ultimately mismatched (and uninteresting) gay lovers, you may find yourself tuning out.
Lindhardt pushes the picture into realms of such exposed intimacy, you almost feel like you're dating him yourself.
Sachs' use of a gay relationship doesn't cast any particular new light on the subject of addiction, nor does addiction offer new insight into gay relationships.
A poignant case study in the changing contours of gay life.
"Keep the Lights On" is both warm and a bit inscrutable. It feels like the work of a man who's in a better place but still sifting through past heartache.
Sachs creates an intensely intimate stew of fear, anger, longing, and regret.
Unerring acting keeps this film honest, so that, while not tragedy, it is true and far from the gay fluff or doom often offered up.
It's hard to recall a film so attentive to the uncertain moments in all relationships: the teary Christmas toasts, the slow slide away from patience and tenderness.
Sachs depicts a once-transient culture stumbling toward a design for rooted living.
The two characters are ciphers, and the script, which Sachs co-wrote with Mauricio Zacharias, is by turns underwritten or banal.
A stiff central performance diminishes its emotional impact, but the visually alluring film's sensuality and tenderness give it a lingering spell.
Sachs' screenplay does a terrific job capturing the drama shared by urban sophisticates with an understated approach that foregrounds Erik's ongoing confusion.
Authentic...by turns, heartbreaking and hopeful. Thure Lindhardt and Zachary Booth are exquisite.
More than just a relationship drama of striking specificity, this is a naked confession about addiction.
Not only does this film gloriously fulfill the potential that Ira Sachs has tantalized movie-lovers with for years, it also help explains what took him so long.
Bless [Sachs] for eschewing melodrama in favor of tenderness, but his characters are often left adrift in a sea of conflicting emotions.
Here's hoping critics and festival programmers can find a way to help Sachs keep the lights on.
Delicately tracing the troubled nine-year bond between two men living in New York, Ira Sachs mines his own memories to sensitive, melancholy if somewhat muted effect in Keep the Lights On.


@highlight

Keep the Lights On is a mysterious, sexy journey deep into the love affair of two men that always manages to stay true to life.