Spector is almost the platonic ideal of the crazy showbiz madman. He makes a great fit for Pacino, who has for once found a character so charismatically odd that he doesn't need to overact to keep himself interested.
Mamet's film isn't sure what the hell to make of Spector. But, strangely, that's part of what makes it so compelling.
The movie broadens from Spector's legal case into larger explorations of prejudices people can harbor about celebrities and eccentrics. The result is a thoughtful, sometimes fascinating, purposefully inconclusive character study.
Pacino seldom fails to cut straight to the soul of a character who is both brilliant and pathetic.
Even with a Mamet screenplay and actors like Mr. Pacino and Ms. Mirren there is not much anyone can do to make the audience care.
It's better than most films of its kind, even as it remains unsatisfying as historical re-creation, philosophical meditation or pure drama.
Pacino and Mirren's teamwork keeps Phil Spector watchable even when it's dousing itself in dramatic ethanol and lighting a match.
The film is an engrossing drama, with a dazzling performance by Al Pacino in the title role.
It's an insidious whitewash of a convicted killer and an infamous smear of his victim. It's a shame on all involved.
A frustrating film that leaves the questions -- pretty much all of them -- unanswered.
Mirren and Pacino are fantastic, and Tambor rightfully underplays the larger-than-life Cutler, who rivals Spector himself.
As we're treated to another nonsensical, repetitive soliloquy about the victimization of a violent millionaire, it's worth noting that the Wall of Sound required an echo chamber.
Mamet will succeed in planting doubt (reasonable or not) in viewers' minds in this account of the murder trial of the larger-than-life Spector, brilliantly embodied by Pacino.
Both actors are great and Mamet's gift with dialogue remains intact but the plotting and choice of storytelling in Phil Spector makes for a final product that doesn't make enough of a statement or tell us much about its title subject.
As you can probably tell, I found the message behind Phil Spector pretty laughable. As drama, it's not particularly convincing either, even with Mamet's rat-a-tat-tat flair for dialogue mostly intact.
A stronger film could have inspired questions about the legal system, celebrity or the actual personalities involved in this case. The only question Phil Spector inspires is, "What's the point?"
Phil Spector is missing dramatic tension.
Mamet fails to present an overwhelming case, but it's just enough.
Great moments fail to lead to a satisfying climax.
Mamet treats Spector with morbid fascination more than empathy, like a majestic but strange butterfly he can put behind glass and display but never truly understand.
I'm wondering if it is possible to do something analogous to a citizen's arrest and file a credit dispute on behalf of the viewing public. Nobody produced this film.
It's as if Mamet, who directed as well as wrote, decided that the point of the venture was Pacino and didn't much bother to paint in around the star.
As written and directed by Mamet, never shy about his exceptionalist view of Jewish identity, the sympathy the film affords to Spector scans as suspect.
The cast and crew for Phil Spector is pretty much a pop-culture dream team. And its members deliver a film worthy of their reputations and talents.
Mamet's script and direction are spot on and richly detailed, from the crisply naturalistic dialogue to the details of Spector's reclusive life.
Phil Spector doesn't give us much to talk about or applaud.
Mr. Pacino's portrait of Spector is stunning in its guile and vitality.
If you are willing and able to take it on its own fictional terms, it does work as a well-acted legal drama, though even on that level, you're better off watching The Good Wife.
Fans of legal dramas should be intrigued by Phil Spector, a well-paced 90-minute character-driven film
I'm not sure that what Mamet's trying to say here about celebrity justice is worth the risk of making things any worse.
It all adds up, or doesn't, to an unhinged (as opposed to "unchained") melody that's likely to fall on deaf ears.
The results are tedious, talky and self-important.
In the end, Phil Spector succeeds on the strength of its two marquee thespians.
Doesn't matter whether any of the story actually happened--you should read newspaper archives for that anyway-Mamet and his actors have created a fascinating character study that puts our notions of prejudice,celebrity,media and justice in the spotlight.
Phil Spector is watchable, but given the lofty expectations raised by HBO movies, it's also the cinematic equivalent of a bad hair day.
Pacino and Mirren make for a dynamic pair.
A strange thing -- a film that at times feels like it's trying to cancel out the very reason for its existence -- powered by the magnetic watchability of its two leads.
Doesn't display any dramatic direction, but it has thespian verve and more than a few great scenes to help digest any inconsistencies and interruptions Mamet refuses to iron out.

@highlight

Its top-shelf script and terrific cast ensure that it's always watchable, but Phil Spector fails to provide truly compelling drama.