It is a wholly new take on Hamlet, with a cast filled with entertaining cameos.
A work of tremendous personal ambition equipped with a budget nearly equal in magnitude.
Shakespeare's great tragedy -- all of it.
The play widely regarded as the best piece of dramatic literature ever written...[in] the only unexpurgated big-screen version. [Blu-ray]
Simply gorgeous to look at, and a number of the performances are outstanding...
Brave, yes, but undeniably excessive.
Die-hard Bard students may quibble, but this gargantuan and glorious Hamlet is a movie-lover's paradise.
Branagh combines one of the Bard's best plays with some of the best filmmaking the medium has to offer.
Branagh has one-upped Olivier again by making his Hamlet a bold spectacle: big and loud and colorful.
Fine version of one of The Bard's best plays.
If you're willing to sit through Branah's 4-hour Hamlet, you'll be rewarded with a lavishly mounted, full-bodied version that brings new dimensions.
The few missteps, mostly in casting, are a drop in the bucket when it comes to this adaptation.
Viewers patient enough to sit through four hours of this film are going to be rewarded with a memorable experience.
La cinta de Branagh evitó rescatar momentos cumbres y optó por dar fuerza al guión original.
There are many ... instances when you want to run screaming from Elsinore Castle.
Stars Kenneth Branagh as a vigorous man of action who sets out to accomplish his mission with firm resolve.
With his handsome and compelling Hamlet, Kenneth Branagh brings the Bard's greatest tragedy passionately alive on the screen.
Uma versão à altura (senão melhor) do clássico de Laurence Olivier.
This Hamlet may not be perfect, but it is perfectly engrossing.
Not many filmmakers would dare to film and then market a four-hour film like this, but Branagh pulls it off marvelously.
As star and ringmaster, Branagh gets to the heart of Hamlet and goes to admirable lengths to take his audience there, too.
I have seen dozens of versions of this play (either on screen or on stage), and none has ever held me in such a grip of awe.
Branagh confirms what was known from the opening shot of Henry V: he has fine cinematic skills.
Every little triumph seems to inspire in Branagh some accompanying act of bad taste or judgment.
Branagh's version moved me, entertained me and made me feel for the first time at home in that doomed royal court.
Standing apart from virtually all other movie fare this season, Hamlet makes for a fertile promontory.
The film equivalent of a lushly illustrated coffee-table book.
A few cameos seem out of place, but the rest is pure magic.
Branagh's performance as the tired, troubled prince of Denmark is one of the great achievements in modern cinema.
Not since Akira Kurosawa's Ran (a Japanese King Lear) has there been such an energetic, visually exciting presentation of a Shakespearean play.
A true accomplishment.
This version of Shakespeare's masterpiece is definately worth the length, and is a masterpiece in its own right.
This Hamlet is a movie in every sense of the word, and brings the mastery of Shakespeare to a new and exciting life.
In spite of its length, Hamlet is a relevant and moving film.
An incredible motion picture experience.
His reach extends his grasp and the film stumbles along the way, but Branagh's audacious vision, coupled with Shakespeare's dazzling prose, delivers many substantial rewards.
Kenneth Branagh directs and stars in a vibrant, full-text, full-hearted film from Shakespeare's most complex tragedy.
Moviegoers who applauded the vigilante justice in such recent films as Joel Schumacher's A Time To Kill and Barry Levinson's Sleepers should be totally in sync with the action and have no trouble surmounting the verbiage.
A magnificent effort.
Glorious as it is, this unexpurgated workout is ultimately a movie of moments.
Yes, it's long, but you'd be surprised how fast it goes by, a testament to the incredible source material Branagh got to work with.
By looking to the box office and the classroom with equal respect, [Branagh] has kept himself a friend of Shakespeare.
A vigorous, four-hour adaptation that's 100 percent Shakespeare and 100 percent cinema.
An irresistible Hamlet.
Hamlet is vast but manageable, gorgeous, and tragic on a very personal level. And every moment is riveting.
This Hamlet is richer than any other you might have known because every piece of sub-text remains in the text.
It is a flawed adaptation, but still probably the best cinematic theatrical release of Shakespeare's Hamlet









@highlight

Kenneth Branagh's sprawling, finely textured adaptation of Shakespeare's masterpiece lives up to its source material, using strong performances and a sharp cinematic focus to create a powerfully resonant film that wastes none of its 246 minutes.