Elba, eyes narrowed, brow furrowed, delivers a one-note performance of weary stoicism, while McConaughey fails to embody evil incarnate, though he does at least display the odd flash of malevolent wit.
... watching this movie feels like plopping down on the couch as the series finale of a three-season miniseries begins and asking your roommate/significant other to give you a plot recap.
It was a sloppy mess. I was bored & glad that it was only 90 minutes long.
This film should have caused interest in the property to skyrocket. Instead, it left this reviewer ... disinterested in learning more.
The Dark Tower shows some meager promise, but as the first in a proposed series it leaves much to be desired.
... an entertaining film that manages to adapt well something that simply seemed unadaptable to the cinema. [Full review in Spanish]
The idea that only the mind of a child could destroy this Tower is a fascinating one, at least until the writing on the screen fades and the actual movie begins
[The Dark Tower] feels like another wannabe franchise to add to the scrapheap of YA also-rans (R.I.P. Divergent, Ender's Game, etc.)
[The Dark Tower]...would have been better off as a mini-series rather than starting a film franchise that serves as a rebooted sequel to the books.
The movie seems confused by the mash-up of genres and the rather thick mythology King has laid on. Since it lists four screenwriters, it's now clear nobody got a handle on it.
We just wish that more brainstorming should have gone into turning one of the iconic works on fantasy into film.
'Dark Tower' is cheesy and laughable.
You can see what this film is trying to be but it's not all that interesting. It rushes between events and there's not a lot of room for character development.
The Dark Tower keeps you engaged but fails to go beyond offering you some generic escapism.
Shot for approximately seven dollars, The Dark Tower is a muddy, unattractive picture with terribly choreographed and filmed action.
A bland, benign mediocrity that's probably significantly worse if you've read the Stephen King novels it's based on.
Not so much a stinker of a movie as a bafflingly incomplete one, The Dark Tower has presumably been inflicted with so many cuts it's like watching a 95-minute trailer.
... the lack of originality is the common denominator of a confusing plot... [Full review in Spanish]
It is not often that I'm tempted to give up on a film after less than 15 seconds but for The Dark Tower I was seriously considering making an exception. Would have saved time too.
Perhaps some books are just not meant for the big screen.
Despite rich source material, The Dark Tower film version feels rather lifeless.
McConaughey uses his looks and dimpled charm to good effect to conjure a sleazy kind of devil who can kill people with words. But it's not enough to make up for the film's mordant, apocalyptic tone, which has become something of a cliché.
This Dark Tower is practically guaranteed to vex the books' fans, who will be painfully aware of what's missing and what a wasted opportunity it all is.
A boring film, and probably in a few years, no one will remember it. [Full review in Spanish]
There's not enough substance left in the conflict or in those involved for us to care. [Full review in Spanish]
As a film... The Dark Tower is a messy affair that lets fans, newcomers, and its own star down.
No one involved in The Dark Tower seems to have given a damn about what they turned out, so why should anybody else?
The simplification of this adaptation, has played against it, even to the interpreters. [Full review in Spanish]
Unfortunately, this adaptation fails on almost every conceivable level, whether it's from a fan's perspective or a newbie's.
A fantastic and entertaining film but that doesn't live up to what Stephen King created. [Full review in Spanish]
A bizarre amalgamation of science fiction, magic, monsters and cowboys, The Dark Tower ... fails to get its disparate elements to work together, and often looks ridiculous in the attempt.
A disaster of film in which it costs to find nothing inspired beyond punctual scenes that in themselves let glimpse what could have been and wasn't. [Full review in Spanish]
It's not just a disappointment for fans of the saga; it is also a blockbuster that will not be able to convince the average public that this is a story worth telling on the big screen. [Full review in Spanish]
It's yet another clunky movie where the effortlessly charismatic Elba has to make do with cliches. The former star of The Wire must despair of finding a genuinely great film role.
Despite the visual aspect, the action sequences are repetitive, timid, lacking ambition, interest and drama. [Full review in Spanish]
Despite being entertaining, the outcome is perceived hasty and the end doesn't leave you intrigued or fascinated. The foundations aren't solid enough. [Full review in Spanish]
A skeletal summary, designed to entertain everyone but pleasing no one. [Full review in Spanish]
The path to Elba and McConaughey's inevitable showdown is slick and fun to watch.
The Dark Tower is an earnest but lifeless effort to put together a multiverse fit for a television series.
[Dark Tower] has a hackneyed plot that never really hits its stride.
Matthew McConaughey walked into a terrible movie, and Idris Elba followed.
The long-awaited $60 million film of his Dark Tower series is a critic's piñata and a commercial flop.
The Dark Tower serves as a messy and dull pilot for things to come.
It seems cavalier to dismiss a movie inspired by eight novels with a short review, but I see no reason to belabor this one or to suggest that I returned from any of the movie's various universes with anything resembling great rewards.
Not even the growling intensity of Elba's righteous cowboy is enough to carry The Dark Tower over the line.
In an era where two-hour films are the norm, Dark Tower's 95-minute length is suspicious and suggests radical post-production cuts. Whatever went on, the results are not edifying.
The dialogue is dodgy, the emotional impact weak, the story squished. However, the effects are good, there are a few laughs and it will please an audience younger than it should.
One flaw in Nicolaj Arcel's film is that it's too short and compressed to make anything lucid of its cockamamie mythology. At the same time, it's such a leaden piece of work that you wouldn't want it to be it any longer.
Summer 2017 has given us worse reasons to head to the multiplex, but none have been as dispiritingly lifeless as "The Dark Tower."
Ninety minute minutes in which things don't stop happening, ranging from horror to supernatural western to dark humor or simple adventure cinema. [Full review in Spanish]
When the film turns to the usually whimsical laws of fantasy, collapses. [Full review in Spanish]
An oddball adaptation with few similarities to its source material...
A bland and lifeless recreation of a Stephen King story that was anything but.
It's not the worst Stephen King movie but it is one of the most forgettable. The writer's wild imagination has been flattened for a quick shot at a family hit.
King fans were troubled to learn that the film adaptation would only be 95 minutes long; for most of us, that'll be more than plenty.
Not even bad enough to be fun.
The one saving grace is that all three leads are interesting; they feel like they're in three different movies, but that's no matter.
Elba's sublime professionalism in treating the part as worthy of him, and the dialogue as if it deserves to be spoken out loud, saves the movie from total annihilation, just as The Gunslinger saves this world.
The Dark Tower has by all accounts taken years to reach the screen. It really wasn't worth the wait.
The Dark Tower is not the worst film of the summer. It's not even the worst film of the week. But it does feel like the most misconceived release of the season.
King fans will hate this treacherous adaptation. While everyone else will just be mindnumbingly bored.
Yes, it's all a bit much for 90-odd minutes. Yet Elba and McConaughey prove worthy adversaries and there's some niftily-executed ideas ...
Rather like the casing that falls from the gunslinger's pistol, it has been stripped of impact, and hits the ground as an empty shell.
There is so much plot to cover here that there is little time left to engage with the characters.
A stunted afterthought of a film.
Reduced to a generic cartoon team-up mystic dimension-hopping action movie that barely functions...
A generic, and correct even the unnerving, adventure film. [Full review in Spanish]
Eight volumes, more than 4,000 pages, and a multitude of exotic settings and alternative realities entered by two near-mythic antagonists, are here transformed into turgid cinematic slop.
There's a surfeit of Stephen King references that are fun to identify, and more than one impactful set-piece, but it's clear that the mythic qualities of this story have been lost in the journey to the big screen.
It comes across as a cash-in that someone scribbled on the back of an envelope after seeing Return of the Jedi.
As one patron put it, "Well, it's not the worst movie I've ever seen...". Yeah, but it's certainly one of the most disappointing in recent memory-- and it was wholly avoidable.
For die-hard King fans, this will come as a profound disappointment; shorn of the complexity, richness and very Stephen-King-ness of the source material.
[McConaughey's] unbending posture, open-necked black V-shirt and tuft of fuzzy hair means he's less Mephistopheles and more Mr. Mistoffelees.
The Dark Tower is a bad film, certainly, but even worse it's a profoundly ordinary one.
The more you concentrate on looking for a coherent story from The Dark Tower, the more remote your chances are of ever finding one.
It's a truly rare thing to come out of a summer blockbuster wishing it were longer, but in its rush to get down to the bare essentials, The Dark Tower loses too much of what makes it unique.
It is all the more disappointing that The Dark Tower turns out such a dud. All the elements appear to be here.
Void of character and severely underdeveloped, it's nothing short of a disappointing mess.
While The Dark Tower may not be the epic blockbuster it was touted as, it is certainly an enjoyable, action-packed fantasy starring two very fine actors.
There is room for serious, dour blockbusters of this nature, and the narrative here is hardly befitting of being a vehicle for comedy - but this title is distinctly humourless, and suffers as a result.
As the heroes rush from one set-piece to the next battling monsters and shooting bullets there's little tension or gravitas attached to their journey.
The Dark Tower isn't a loathsome film. It's just not praiseworthy either, with the only highlights really being Idris Elba's performance and some passable action sequences.
As baffling as it is dull, Dark Tower is a disappointment for both hardcore fans and the King-curious. Stick with the books.
Tragically bad.
Against all conceivable odds, The Dark Tower is one of the most uninspiring films I've watched this year.
At 95 minutes it's just a messy sci-fi-horror-fantasy salad; King's "elements" become mere clichés. The actors and special effects crew do their best.
[Idris] Elba alone can't make The Dark Tower worth watching. But he can make the case, yet again, that he deserves better material than this.
The latest Stephen King adaptation shoots blanks.
The Dark Tower is not, in fact, the worst. It's pretty bad, but it's also impossible to hate a movie that has Idris Elba dressed like Wyatt Earp.
Those who haven't read the Dark Tower books may wonder what all the fuss was about in the first place... those who have read the books are left to ponder how such a resonant literary work turned up on screen so undernourished and easily dismissed.
The Dark Tower feels as if it's playing by a tired fantasy-movie playbook, right down to its chaotic skirmishes full of anonymous villains and slow-motion acts of badassery.
There is probably a pretty good film to be made from Stephen King's series The Dark Tower. What I saw is not that film.
The multiverse King created looks good on paper, but I'm worried that's the only way it will remain enjoyable.
The Dark Tower's rich cosmology has been condensed into a palatable, archetypal story of good versus evil with laughably bad dialogue to see us through in a merciful 95 minutes.
It's best for everyone if we all just patiently await the release of It and rewatch the first season of Stranger Things.
If you're attempting to create a series based on a complex mythology, omitting key details of that mythology is a pretty big step in the wrong direction.
The essence of the story is good versus evil. It is not a novel idea, but it works. There are some good action scenes in it, and the actors are effective. As a popcorn film, it doesn't have to be meaningful, just entertaining, and it is.
Feels less like a movie, and more like a mandate being executed: Adapt this popular thing!
Neither the catastrophic disaster fanboy circles would have you believe nor particularly any good.
Outside of its actors, the film is unremarkable. Action sequences seem as though they were hurried, that is, when you can actually see them - Did the lighting team blow a fuse?
Elba is genuinely great as the tormented Roland, but the film does its best to suffocate him under a mountain of plot-heavy nonsense. Disappointing.
It gets where it's going fast enough, but you don't feel like you've traveled anywhere at all.
What I came out with is a sci-fi western about good versus evil with lots of shootouts and a lot of slick CGI. In other words, I was entertained.
Intermittently garrulous, yet generally somnambulant . . . It is a series of predictable moments brought to life with indifferent, even perfunctory special effects.
The film's main character is Jake, not the Gunslinger, which makes this movie feel like a forgettable twist on "The Last Action Hero."
This forgettable sci-fi fantasy is a sullen, superficial slog.
... not unwatchable - just underwhelming... rushing past "the old stuff" just to get to telling new stories, and that's what this feels like... and all the Easter eggs in the world can't fix that.
This condensation of eight Stephen King books may not be quite as vexing as attempting to place all of Shakespeare's texts onto a single Post-it note, but it nevertheless ranks as an exercise in futility.
The phrase "lump of coal" comes to mind after watching The Dark Tower, a lavish and most definitely lackluster CliffsNotes abridgment of a CliffsNotes adaptation of the Stephen King science fiction-fantasy-western magnum opus.
Turgid sci-fi flick.
The Dark Tower certainly flirts with plunging into entertaining schlock territory, but it's in too much of a hurry to indulge those tendencies.
Cursory, dull, and as forgettable as any movie you'll see this year, The Dark Tower's best virtue is its brisk 90-minute runtime.
The best sci-fi Western since Cowboys & Aliens!
The Dark Tower a forgettable misfire that does injustice to King's source material and sadly belongs in the bargain bin collecting dust.
The Dark Tower is a crushing disappointment for Stephen King fans.
Flourishes that may work fine when they're confined to the page seem laughable on-screen, and the visual effects are uniformly unconvincing.
Some rather efficient world-building of an epic universe protected from the forces of darkness by the titular structure with charismatic performances.
Idris Elba as Gunslinger is out to save the world along with this movie adaptation of the Stephen King book series. He is the one strong reason fans should check this out.
"The Dark Tower" is just interesting enough to be worth checking out and quite frankly was probably too weird to be given the slow roll and turned into an eight-movie franchise.
It's not the train wreck that some industry insiders predicted, but there's nothing special, interesting or engaging with anything that's present. (Full Content Review for Parents - Violence, Profanity, etc. - also Available)
The Dark Tower avoids the lowest rungs of that ladder. Taken on its terms it's hardly a disaster, delivering moments of fun on a basic level.
What was an ambitious mix of genres and settings on the written page becomes a woefully incoherent mess of overwrought action and watered-down subtext that won't please either fans or newcomers.
The Dark Tower's hopes of creating a far-reaching universe have collapsed. There's now nothing left to ward off the evil of colossal disinterest and poor box office performance.
'The Dark Tower' fails as a shining example of King cinematic adaptations.
It's not often that a summer film is hampered by running short on time, but The Dark Tower rushes through like it's the last two hours on a Friday before a weeklong vacation and there's still packing to be done.
The film immerses the viewer in a fantastic and violent world in which the future of all existing universes depends on a teenager. [Full review in Spanish]
The movie may be a house on fire, but Idris Elba is a picture of calm gravitas, chomping on a cigar while it all burns down.
The Dark Tower is DLC for a brand that lacks both the ambition and scope of the material it's supposed to be complementing. [Full review in Spanish]
Inconsistent, incoherent and often cheesy.
The Dark Tower is a fun fantasy that evokes a 1980s adventure vibe, and feels like a close cousin to the popular Netflix series Stranger Things.
Rushed, flat, devoid of any real excitement, filled with terrible dialog, and anchored by a truly awful performance at its center.
[The Dark Tower] resembles nothing so much as a mashup of The Lord of the Rings and The Matrix reimagined for the young adult crowd.
High expectations are not being met.
Based on Stephen King's novels, this sludgy science fiction/fantasy dud reduces King's epic vision to a series of mindless cliches, surrounded by lazy dialogue and half-baked visual effects.
The long-in-the-works movie adaptation has taken all the personality and quirkiness from the story and turned it into a streamlined action-fantasy.
A spectacle of miscalculation and mythology... the minute 'The Dark Tower' starts, it wants to be over; It's embarrassed to be in front of us.
A good argument that sometimes, "unfilmable" books are unfilmable for a reason
More forgettable than loathsome, the kind of movie that occasionally rubs salt in your wounds by reminding you what could have been, but mostly just dissipates from memory as it's playing.
The Dark Tower is King's ultimate roller coaster - twisting and stomach-clenching and terrifying but, above all, fun. If only this version was as thrilling a ride.
Such a flaccid non-event it barely leaves an impression. In the King movie-adaptation universe, Maximum Overdrive suddenly doesn't look so bad.
The solution to tackling a big, messy, interesting, unique world? Condense it down to nothing.
Neither Idris Elba nor Matthew McConaughey can save this flat adaptation from being utterly forgettable.
Matthew McConaughey is not "awright, awright, awright" as the film's villain and this is about as exciting as a Sesame Street episode.
More like The Dork Tower.
If you're going to adapt Stephen King's eight-book opus ... why would you turn its lead character, Roland Deschain, aka the Gunslinger (Idris Elba), into a supporting character?
...there is no way that Stephen King's eight novel multiverse is as simplistically written as this film adaptation. Credited to four screenwriters, "The Dark Tower" movie is efficient but not engaging.
Stephen King's expansive saga gets ... a 95 minute cheat sheet gussied up as a franchise starter.
So much for "The Dark Tower" "franchise"
The Dark Tower never seems quite sure of itself...
The film is indeed dark, but not in a good way.
To borrow from another current release --- "meh!".
It's a kind of serviceable fantasy/horror film that may work for the middle school set...
The movie makes me finally want to test-drive one of the "Dark Tower" novels, if only to see what King himself was able to bring to the party. Maybe that's been his evil plan all along.
It would be a waste of everyone's time to go on about how this 95-minute movie deviates from the source. Let's just say it turns The Dark Tower into something generic, and leave it at that.
An appealingly mediocre, enjoyable but largely forgettable movie.
It's all too easy to spot where the edges have been sanded, you can trace the scars where things have been rashly excised. If you close your eyes, you can almost see that more ideal movie, its fuller form, robust, gripping, and, yes, shining.
Any hopes that the proceedings might be saved by the performances by the two normally excellent actors in the lead roles are pretty much scratched within the first few minutes.
So much is so wrong about this stunted film version of Stephen King's marvelously dense and dazzling series of eight novels, that all I can say is this unholy mess shouldn't happen to a King, much less a paying customer.
It's not Stephen King's THE DARK TOWER, but it is a perfectly fine YA adventure. Make of that what you will.
It's a confusing fictional world to understand, and one that director Nikolaj Arcel fails to bring to life onscreen.
It's that rare movie that simultaneously feels too short and too long, but never just right.
Fans have been clamoring for one since the 1990s, and versions of it have been in and out of development for a decade. Pity them, for the final product is cheap, shoddy, and bland to a confounding degree.
Onscreen, The Dark Tower serves up a generic, half-baked scenario no different from a slew of better-known YA properties in which young, wide-eyed protagonists discover their connections to a hidden fantastical world.
It's not good, it's not bad, it's just terribly, terribly rote.
If later [Dark Tower] films do get off the ground, they're going to need to spring from more singular, confident visions than this.
Superficial, uninspired, and forgettable.
The Dark Tower is not an all out disaster. Instead, it's a big missed opportunity.
The action is good, but that only makes up slightly for all of the writing problems. A list of those miscues could be stacked up to make their own impressive dark tower.
About the only thing holding it together is Idris Elba, whose irrepressible magnetism and man-of-stone solidity anchors this mess but can't redeem it.
Reaching half-heartedly for the epic only makes The Dark Tower appear all the smaller, especially as it jumps back and forth between alternate worlds.
With a second-hand looking production design and ordinary visual effects, it's difficult to imagine this is the movie anyone actually intended to release.
From start to finish, the movie exudes a stiff, joyless coherence.
The Dark Tower is a mixed bag of abridged mythology from King's book series, fun performances from Elba and McConaughey, and uninspired action.
A film with lots of potential that ends up short. Feels like a thin "Cliff Notes" versión of the whole (book) series. [Full review in Spanish]
Everything that could have made this story stand out has been removed. What we see on screen is the bare bones. [Full review in Spanish]
Yes, it's unlikely a 95-minute movie could ever capture the gargantuan scope of the source material. But, jeez, couldn't it at least try?
The Dark Tower feels apathetic, like it was created because it seemed like something that should be made eventually.
Every character's motivations and background have been squashed and sanded down to the most glib, one-phrase explanations imaginable.
A dumb fantasy movie adapted from Stephen King's most derivative novel series.
Arcel's film is fun, loving, scary, and often as genuinely compelling as it is wildly misguided.
Although Stephen King fans may be disappointed that so much has had to be left out of the storytelling, they will be visually rewarded -- there are many sly references to other of King's works half-hidden throughout the scenery.
After all that, The Dark Tower didn't turn out so bad. Not so good, either.
The Dark Tower is a quick draw take on a very complex story. It is a moderately successful adaptation.
... shrink(s) a woolly mammoth plot to lapdog size, defying anyone considering King's literary opus unfilmable. Those people are right...
In the vast canon of King-derived movies, "Tower" belongs in the upper ranks.
McConaughey, looking like a fatigued Wayne Newton, might just be the worst big-screen baddie since Cate Blanchett played a kooky Soviet in "Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull."
A great actor giving a terrible performance as the lead villain is but one of the many, many, MANY unfortunate elements in The Dark Tower.
None of the characters click, nothing feels innovative or interesting, and the story is in no way compelling.
Director Nikolaj Arcel's version of King's magnum opus is slight, a skin 'n bones adaptation that teases a greater mythology but depicts little of it.
The Dark Tower is a shot-to-the-heart of cinematic intrigue, as Stephen King's beloved story loses all magic in its big-screen adaptation.
Watching the movie, you can't help but feel you've missed a key scene, a puzzle piece that'd make everything click together.
"The Dark Tower" could have been a better movie - not good, but better - had McConaughey and Elba switched roles.
Though I'm generally not one to complain about a movie being too short, this adaptation seems to have achieved its brevity by eliminating most of what was good about the books and leaving in most of what wasn't.
This campy, stripped-down summary of or sequel to Stephen King's cross-dimensional fantasy western is a late-summer bummer.
There have been worse adaptations of books by King, but this long-awaited one is almost guaranteed to disappoint his many fans while failing to bowl over anybody else.
It could use more magic, more dread, a more staggering sense of wonder. It's wholly inoffensive, but it's unmemorable too. This is a fantasy that runs like a business.
Despite two fine actors in key roles, and the efforts of a four-man screenwriting team to strip King's story down to its basics, "The Dark Tower" still makes virtually no sense, even by the rules of its own world(s).
"The Dark Tower" is a near-total whiff, a mess of a movie that took forever to get made and by the look of things should have taken about twice that long. Or maybe just never have been made at all.
As one might expect, the results are scattered and rushed, taking the jumble of Stephen King's labored mythology and making it even more baffling by excising the eight-book series's most basic elements.
Works more often than not, a muscular yet appreciatively unshowy conjuring of spectacle, action, and crucial character beats all playing out on a multi-plane tableau melding reality with sinister fancy.
Is the movie good enough to do what it's designed to do? Not really.
The second half is better than the first half, but this isn't remotely the sprawling epic that fans arguably deserved.
This ungainly mixture of Western, fantasy, sci-fi, action, horror and fish-out-of-water comedy never finds its rhythm, delivering perfunctory blockbuster spectacle with dull competency and a smattering of familiar thematic and narrative tropes.
This isn't "The Dark Tower." This is a small, sad pile of rubble - the foundation to a franchise you can only hope is never built.
Between his GQ appearance and drawling psychobabble, Matthew McConaughey plays the villain as if he's filming an extended version of a Lincoln commercial.
It's more than obvious Sony wasn't looking to really make a movie for the fans of the books - which is just plain bizarre.
A curiously unimaginative world with zero dimension.
Bad dialogue, lame plot, fine. The bigger issue: How could a film with Elba and McConaughey have so little swagger?
What could have been the next Game of Thrones or The Lord of the Rings is instead more akin to a 1990s Steven Seagal movie (and not one of the good ones).
One bowl of reheated Joseph Campbell's soup, a transparent bid to be the next Lord of the Rings that can't back up its sense of portentousness with the required epic sweep.
A mostly entertaining piece of fantasy pulp that is a victim of trying to do too much and too little at the same time.
Bringing the action of future Dark Tower novels forward isn't a sin. The sin is not having nearly enough space for it. The film is breathless in all the worst ways as a result.
This movie just made every wrong decision about what it wanted to be when it grew up.
Now finally on the screen, and "The Dark Tower" is a dud. And for most casual viewers out there, a baffling dud.
The thin characterizations might have been mitigated by livelier dialogue... But there's no poetry or personality in any of these words.
The 95-minute culmination of years-long efforts to bring The Dark Tower to the big screen is a complete disaster, a limp, barely coherent shell of a movie.
It's a highly competent and watchable paranoid metaphysical video game that doesn't overstay its welcome, includes some luridly entertaining visual effects, and -- it has to be said -- summons an emotional impact of close to zero.
After decades of waiting, after months of keeping our fingers crossed and hoping for the best, it brings me zero pleasure to report that The Dark Tower doesn't really work.
For a movie based on a beloved book series, the writing is sometimes shockingly bad.
Idris Elba and Tom Taylor have a wonderful dynamic together, and the gunslinging action scenes are appropriately cool. But it all feels strangely... conventional, somehow.
The thing about King is that his passion is always palpable, even when his material is second- or third-hand, whereas no one here seems to be having any fun. The movie is wan and perfunctory.
At a mere ninety minutes, it feels like one of those YouTube fan edits of an entire series.
Stephen King has inspired plenty of terrible movies before; we guesstimate the number at around 40 to 50. But "The Dark Tower" has to sting.
Heaven knows, the books offer more invention than could fit in one feature film, but in their effort to introduce newcomers to this world, the filmmakers make the saga's contents look not archetypal but generic and cobbled together.
Astoundingly awful.
King's Dark Tower universe is rich with cultural reference points and is always totally unpredictable, but in cutting it down to consolidate its highlights, The Dark Tower can't even shoot the most necessary bullets straight.
It falls because it's too embarrassed to stand.
It's a visual spectacle of action and fantasy that leaves the audience wanting more.
The Dark Tower is a thoroughly average take on some truly incredible source material.

@highlight

Go then, there are other Stephen King adaptations than these.