Experimenter jumps from one style to another so much we don't know what world it's really set in.
A traditional biopic about Milgram played by a perfect Peter Sarsgaard, between melancholy and boredom. [Full review in Spanish]
Experimenter is not only an inventive exploration of the life and personality of an offbeat and perhaps misunderstood intellectual; it is also an exposition of his relentlessly probing mind and jarring revelations.
Slight but intellectually entertaining.
You'll find yourself wondering if PBS has a documentary you could watch instead (at least then you'll feel smarter).
Tries to avoid the cliches of biopics but lacks spark and cleverness. [Full review in Spanish]
... one of the best and most overlooked films of the year ...
It is rather encouraging to see a film as ambitiously cerebral as Experimenter let loose in theaters.
The result is a meaty film that misses the meat of its subject. It doesn't really grapple with its own ideas and is closer to a cinematic curio than a memorable movie.
The movie's unsettling depiction of our capacity for cruelty makes it essential viewing.
Impressive in its refusal to obey formal convention but less thrilling as intellectual legwork to which Milgram dedicated his life.
Almereyda wants us to be aware that this is a fiction even as he explores the ideas with great intelligence and the life of Milgram with curiosity.
What makes Experimenter so absorbing and cogent is how Almereyda uses biopic tropes to explore Milgram's legacy in a formally and narratively meaningful way.
This is a fairly effective blend of biographical drama and semi-documentary form with some unusual film techniques, like black and white rear screen projection "time traveling" scenes. At times the "fourth wall" is also broken.
... compelling even for those who know the outcome, and it conveys contemporary relevance.
Experimenter isn't groundbreaking, but a respectable contribution to the existing body of knowledge -- and given its evident ambition, this must mark it a failure.
Director Almereyda is as much an experimenter and illusionist as his subject.
Chilling docudrama revisiting Yale Professor Stanley Milgram's surprising experiment in human behavior finding a sadistic streak in subjects directed by an authority figure to torture by delivering electric shocks.
A smart biopic, a great history lesson, and an ode to critical thinking.
you need more than an intriguing social experiment to drive a feature-length film
In the end, Experimenter feels a lot more like an avant garde play than it does a movie, but I think that's probably exactly what Michael Almereyda was going for.
A robust biopic on Yale's controversial social psychologist Stanley Milgram.
Experimenter makes many smart choices and choosing to have part of the film's story play out like a staged play helped the narrative exponentially.
A compelling experience, a film of ideas that is almost a tone poem, too
Well acted, thought-provoking drama about role of authority.
Cinematic portrait of a provocative psychologist....
This isn't just a director showing off and having fun with an offbeat screenplay. Almereyda is actively challenging us to take a fresh, complicated look at Milligram's research.
Mostly playful if occasionally pretentious ...
"Experimenter" is a psychological thriller in its own way...
The film seems to believe, and illustrate, that the best way to learn is while having fun (not getting punished with pain); and Experimenter is one very playful, enjoyable film.
A creepy-cool vibe of constructed cinematic artificiality echoes the illusory nature of Stanley Milgram's notorious experiment into human behavior.
"The Experimenter" probes unpleasant truths about human nature that pop up every time a My Lai or an Abu Ghraib make headlines, but it does so in a brisk and engaging way.
There are a few feints at considerations of human nature, and a word is spoken in defense of obedience, but the film serves better to start a conversation than to draw a conclusion.
Fascinating work by Michael Almereyda, a mix of audacious artifice, ruminations and reality.
Almereyda reappraises the groundbreaking work of Milgram with an experiment of his own, one which uses Milgram's voiced over ruminations, rear projection and literal elephants in the room to cast his narrative itself in the guise of a social experiment.
Indeed,Experimenter often feels like an Errol Morris documentary, and though it never quite answers why humans are capable of such inhumanity to one another, neither could Milgram.
Peter Sarsgaard carries this engaging biopic of Stanley Milgram.
When you have such a provocative foundation and such rich material to work with, pushing it to the next level isn't necessarily the best choice.
A sterile viewing experience, but not an unpleasant one, with Milgram's insatiable need to classify human response rubbing off on the effort.
"Experimenter's" most striking quality is the way it encourages us to think deeply, from the first frame to the last, even if it's just to consider what on Earth an elephant is doing on screen.
Seemingly loose and free-associative in style, "Experimenter" builds to an effect and, for all its humor - or rather, through its humor-makes a sober and chilling point.
However baffling his chosen topic, Almereyda's stylistic choices, brisk pace and comic tone make Experimenter a welcome shock.
Indie auteur Michael Almereyda has made vampire movies and biker flicks, but he's never attempted anything as quietly, formally disturbing as Experimenter.
...a strange, disjointed, and occasionally beautiful biopic about the controversial social psychologist Stanley Milgram.
Peter Sarsgaard is wonderful as the postulating professor, but the fresh, attractively stylized film is less about Milgram and more about empathy, duty and post-Holocaust elephants in rooms.
A thought-provoking film about obedience to authority figures.
Reveals the obvious, but sometimes interestingly.
Bracing, original and thought-provoking.
Michael Almereyda's knotty, intellectually playful film about Stanley Milgram's chilling 1961 experiments asks why so many seemed so unwilling to accept his conclusions.
Sarsgaard's sleepy, soothing voice and demeanor are bewitching.
Despite the story's freight, the laboratory shocks and Milgram's insistent melancholia, "Experimenter" is a nimble, low-frequency high.
Sarsgaard is exceptional in the role. His embodiment of Milgram's measured demeanour is ferociously calm - almost chilling.
Experimenter is admirably committed to being a film about ideas, to grappling with the legacy of a still topical study, and to tinkering with the hidebound codes of the movie biography
Experimenter may lack the fireworks of this year's other true-life psychological drama, The Stanford Prison Experiment, but that's just fine. It simply takes a different route into the soul of its subject, one that's no less effective.
Reading about these experiments is disturbing enough, but it's another thing altogether to see them convincingly dramatized.
Even more experimental than 'Steve Jobs,' even more playful and - with 30 less minutes yet - even more lousy with ideas.
Watching "Experimenter" is to realize how little life is in most biopics. Most such movies carry the stench of rigor mortis, but writer-director Michael Almereyda's bracing, daring drama is alive and alert from its first moment.
The movie's an intellectual shock tactic, but it succeeds.
The movie is itself a rat-maze of one-sided mirrors, windows upon windows, anonymous hallways, compartmentalized instances of watching, being watched, seeing and not-seeing.
A biopic that feels more like a ride-along on an exploration of human nature.
The word reflective suggests a slowdown or cessation of action proper, but Experimenter is busily, thrillingly reflective. Its artificiality makes it seem even more alive, more in the present tense.
History's most famous experiment in social psychological gets dramatic treatment here.
Dark and yet cinematically playful.
Michael Almereyda's "Experimenter" is so bizarrely structured, there's so little to admire or invest as you're constantly ripped in and out of the story with silly fourth wall monologues, and even duller scene engagement.
Aesthetically, the film cunningly suggests life that exists solely within an academic experiment, closed off from chaos that isn't manufactured.
Despite the alarming questions the study raised about human nature, the film is enjoyably relaxed, a humorous and upbeat account of a fascinating phenomenon.
Anything abstract intrigues me, especially when it's done well. But the subject of Stanley Milgram makes a fascinating story anyway so Experimenter is a success on many levels.
Milgram's study was a landmark in the field of social psychology, and the themes have lots of potential to explored on film. But the biopic format and storytelling choices cause "Experiment" to fall completely flat. It's a missed opportunity.
has so much potential but winds up being instantly disposable thanks to some truly bizarre artistic choices that are bound to alienate about 90% of the audience
Ultimately, Experimenter finds a glimmer of hope by simply revealing itself. Maybe if more people are educated about the dangers of obedience, they'll put up more resistance. It can't hurt to hope.
Almereyda has created an experiment of his own: a kind of cinematic Rorschach test, prodding viewers to consider what they would do if sitting in the same seat as Milgram's subjects.
Michael Almereyda dissects the life and work of controversial psychologist Stanley Milgram in a highly stylized biopic worthy of its subject.

@highlight

Led by a gripping performance from Peter Sarsgaard, Experimenter uses a fact-based story to pose thought-provoking questions about human nature.