This quirky, snarky contemporary fairy tale could have been a family blockbuster.
Penelope suggests that peace comes through character, not cosmetic surgery. In this, it's smarter than Twilight...
I can truthfully say that watching this abysmal fantasy-comedy is less rewarding than being slapped across the face with a large wet fish.
Watchable but patchy fantasy romance that doesn't quite work, despite strong performances from Ricci and McAvoy.
A modern-day fairytale, the film is tarted up like a hyperactive five-year-old's lurid fantasy of interior decor.
Visually stylish, what might have been a cute fantasy becomes tedious due to its banal script and a relentless overload of pig-jokes.
It's too bad that the second half turned out to be a drag, because I very much enjoyed the first half.
A diligent ensemble can't lift the film to anything higher than a shallow fairy tale with only worthy intentions.
With only a DNA witch's curse pig's snout compromising Ricci's otherwise exceedingly alluring physical assets, it doesn't make a lick of sense that prospective suitors are jumping out of windows after catching a glimpse of her disfigured beak.
Penelope is adorable and easy to watch thanks to the charms of its leads Ricci and McAvoy. But it's too much a mainstream Hollywood product and not enough of a spunky indie spirit to really win audiences over.
Is this meant to be dark comedy? It's hard to tell.
Penelope is a sweet trifle, a great kid's movie, and not surprising, given its subject matter a film gay audiences will find familiar and comforting. That's because, more than anything, this is a story of acceptance of one's true self.
It's not eccentric enough to be as otherworldly as it wants to be, but it's too self-consciously quirky to perform on its own merits.
Maybe I've got some subconscious porcine fetish thing going (or something) but I think Christina Ricci looks kind of cute with a pig's snout where her nose should be...
A sweet but clumsy fable that's pleasing without being particularly distinguished.
After I saw the intriguing trailers that trailed off a couple years back, I wondered why this movie was wallowing somewhere on a shelf.I'm still not sure. Although I do know one thing: Had this been a Christmas-time release, it would have been seen by lot
Produced according to a formula for squeezing the maximum amount of cloying charm out of the minimum investment.
It's Ricci, with her princesslike innocence and Keane-painting eyes, who provides the movie's abundant charm.
Despite Christina Ricci's charming performance, Penelope is trapped in a twilight zone between fairy tales and play-it-safe romantic comedies.
The convictions of the cast and an extremely snappy script fill in most of the gaps caused by the wobbly plotlines.
Penelope isn't really suitable for anyone. It's a boar.
The success of Juno has re-set the bar for whimsical tales of headstrong, intelligent young women grappling with life difficulties.
An adult fairy tale that is badly hobbled by its uncreative handling of its theme of finding one's true self.
A film of some ragged charm -- and one in which there's always something cool to look at in design and filmmaking style. And that's more than a lot of movies can claim.
A neat modern fairy tale.
'Penelope' is a sweet film that I rather enjoyed. It never hurts to be reminded that we should all be happy with who we are.
This film had the potential to be much more heartfelt, but the silly antics in the beginning, and the cool approach of the parents towards their "ugly daughter" undermine the poignancy that the filmmakers were obviously shooting for in the end.
Just downright lovely, a gorgeous fairy tale for children and grown-ups alike.
The material is flawed, to be sure, but the story is less predictable than you would guess and it exudes an easy-going wit.
I think it's a sweet film.
Okay, so she's got a snout, but it's far from Rocky Dennis or John Merrick levels of grotesque.
There's absolutely nothing wrong with the film, but it's just not strong enough to be a real winner either.
How can a movie with this premise and this cast be so mercilessly dull and stupid?
A precocious fairy tale made for and starring people too old for whimsy
'What makes us different makes us beautiful,' touts the film's promo blurb. Good thought, but do any of the characters in 'Penelope' ever believe it? For sure this is a different film, but beautifully executed it is not.
the girl's ungainly snout is the only unique feature in this otherwise textbook fantasy.
A grim fairy tale at times, Penelope eventually lands in crowd-pleaser territory.
Penelope's brilliant cast carries the audience through of the film's minor iniquities and gives us a charming and delightful myth.
With some fine-tuning, Penelope might have been transformed into a winning little fable about accepting and loving oneself. As is, it only serves to remind of what could have been.
Just another stab at modern fantasy with some fatal filmmaking flaws that are all-too-real.
...it's enjoyable, thanks mainly to Ricci's sweetly poignant performance...
While uneven, this Ugly Duckling redux is hipper and funnier than a Disney movie, and the positive message to young girls can't be discounted.
While not a classic on the level of Tim Burton's Edward Scissorhands, this fabulist fable about a privileged young woman born under a bizarre family curse -- she has a pig's snout for a nose -- is a sweet, unassuming surprise.
The semi-satirical treatment of celebrity culture, as Penelope is treated first as a tabloid sensation then a media darling, is lame and dated.
If all of Penelope were as good as the first five minutes, we'd have a classic on our hands.
Sweet as gingerbread, Penelope deserves to find an audience; those with a taste for happily-ever-afters should look for it, before it too-quickly disappears.
Director Palansky and screenwriter Leslie Caveny seem to have many of the right ingredients for creating something beguiling, but the film is, finally, surprisingly pedestrian. What a shame, with all these good performers.
Penelope is an odd concoction -- a witch's gentle brew of modern-day fairy tale, feather-light romance and slapstick comedy. It's not a knockout potion, but it goes down smoothly and is harmless enough to serve to the kids.
The picture has a hapless, meandering quality that's tolerable at first but ultimately becomes maddening, as if it were a cartoon narrative recounted by a distracted 4-year-old.
This is tricky material, but director Mark Palansky manages to find the right offbeat tone, drawing on the slightly surreal presentation we might expect from Tim Burton, Terry Gilliam or Jean-Pierre Jeunet.
In the wake of Juno comes another movie with a plucky teen protagonist who's got a mind of her own and refuses to live in shame because of her peculiar physical condition.
Penelope was in a trough of trouble before the oink on the script was dry.
Under Mark Palansky's uninspired direction, magic eludes Penelope in scene after scene.
This could have been a perfect choice for the Enchanted set, if only its charms were more than skin-deep.
A Cinderella story via Shrek and Tim Burton, Penelope is at its best when we're gazing into those eyes, or seeing the world through them.
Aspires to be a whimsical modern fairy tale about a princess, a family curse and self-acceptance but just can't conjure up any magic.
Thanks to director Mark Palansky's understated direction -- the fantastical trappings never overwhelm the characters -- and especially with the performances of Ricci and McAvoy, it emerges a charming diversion.
Perhaps the best reason to recommend Penelope is that it offers an opportunity to watch Catherine O'Hara in action as the alarming Mrs. Wilhern.
It's broadly comic, sweetly sentimental and sharply satirical at times -- particularly when it takes on the concept of celebrity -- and both parents and kids should walk away satisfied if not quite elated.
Behold the mysterious ways of Hollywood; a charming fairy tale with a heartening message of self-acceptance, something truly an entire family can enjoy, languishes while dreck like Over Her Dead Body gets rushed into theaters.
This half-baked fairy tale always seems to be on the verge of becoming charming but despite a good cast it never quite succeeds.
There are usually good reasons why a movie gets shelved for more than a year, however well-acted it may be and however well-meaning its message. Many are on view in Penelope.
The message in Leslie Caveny's script is ultimately too dispiriting a cop-out. This story could have gone in a number of more inspiring allegorical directions but winds up your average bedtime story instead.
At its core the movie lacks the sureness and lucidity of even a fractured fairy tale.
Penelope wiggles its way past a quirky premise with the help of a terrific supporting cast and underlying messages about self-esteem, independence and inner beauty.
Cinderella meets The Ugly Duckling in Penelope, a muddled, charm-free fairy tale whose title character is a rich girl born with the snout of a pig.
Like its hero and heroine, this movie is not for everyone, but it will be loved by those who know how to appreciate it.
The theme of self-acceptance isn't a new one, but Penelope manages to rehash it with flavor and with real heart.
Unfortunately, Penelope only masquerades as a film about self-acceptance and liking ourselves for who we are.
Although this "Beauty and the Beast" reversal suffers from some miscues and lapses of logic in television writer Leslie Caveny's script, it largely floats on charming performances from leads Ricci and McAvoy...
Some viewers may find its self-conscious eccentricities to be somehow charming but if you put this film in a contest against other contemporary fairy tales, it wouldn't come close to winning%u2013not even by a nose.
You know the outcome right from the start.
...an enjoyable piece of fluff, ably anchored by Ricci in a full 180 from the confident freak that was Wednesday Addams back in the day. Insecure people are going to love this movie
This out-of-nowhere wonder charms from the first frame to the last, and joins Charlie Bartlett on the list of early-2008 films that are both wholesome and intelligent.
Resembling the kind of tale Aesop might spin after one too many vats of homemade Ouzo, Penelope plods along on a desire to endear. All it really does is infuriate.
Penelope manages to be entertaining while at the same time pounding you over the head with its "I'm okay with myself" hammer.
Penelope is true fantasy. It asks the audience to believe that men would not want to do Christina Ricci just because she has a pig nose. I mean, come on, you're going to dump that curvy little body?
This fairy tale feels pleasantly down-to-earth.
This is a story where the solutions to life's problems are found within, not from what those around you think, see or feel, and watching Ricci's eyes light up as she realizes it is just about priceless.
The story goes a step too far after achieving the goal.
Palansky takes a sweet short fable, makes 90 minutes seem like 900, and then gets the moral wrong.
It's only missing a scene where the heroine cries angry tears and demands to know if that's all she is to the hero, a stupid bet.
I suppose Penelope would be pleasurable if the title character looked more like a pig and less like a burn victim.
A rather delightful family-friendly fairy tale with a nice message and a fey, whimsical attitude.
Penelope is a fairy tale that will leave parents just as engrossed as their kiddies.
Director Palansky is trying for a deft, hip, modern fairy-tale feel, but the odd material, sprawling story, and complicated tonal balancing act get away from him, and the film winds up as a poorly paced tug-of-war between sweet quirk and sloppy camp.
Penelope sat unreleased for two years, and no wonder. It's a shambles, so inexpertly timed and clumsily directed by newcomer Mark Palansky that it seems like a first-draft edit of some hopeless, abandoned project.
McAvoy is... unaffectedly charming... Ricci is her own kind of quirky-captivating... And the two of them even share a fair bit of romantic chemistry.
For all its good intentions and positive messages, this pig pic doesn't fly because, ironically, it never roots deeply enough.
More tart than sweet, this contemporary fairy tale provides a worthy vehicle for the fearless Christina Ricci.
Aimed at tweenage girls and mushy romantics of all age and stripe, Penelope has a quick gait and a nice comic tone.
If only Penelope knew what it truly wished to be and how to go about it.
Is there anything more dull than an ineptly cynical fairy tale?
Compared to Juno MacGuff, Penelope Wilhern is practically mute, but they're half-sisters under the skin.
A fairy tale that may make millions of girls re-think that nose job.
Anyone willing to tolerate the tortured premise of the story will be paid off handsomely by several winning performances and a moral that makes most of the absurdity worthwhile.
Offbeat romantic comedy is sweet but lightweight.
Less-than-magical fairytale about girl who must find true love in order to break the family curse that left her with the nose of a pig.
Entire plot strands crop up from out of nowhere only to disappear without explanation, never to be heard from again. It's as if [director] Caveny had so many ideas that she simply couldn't bear to leave any of them crumpled up on her office floor.
There is an underlying sweetness to Penelope, a root-for-her vibe that's only slightly diluted by the predictable story.
There are some lovely touches, yet it's as if someone forgot to sprinkle fairy dust on it.
Neither a talented cast nor the film's Gaudi-like version of London's urban landscapes can make up for schizophrenic pacing and inexplicable phenomena.
No offense intended, but a pig snout is very becoming on Christina Ricci.
Much as I would like to give Penelope unreserved praise, I can't stretch my lukewarm approbation that far.
What Penelope offers is a terrific cast willing to emphasize the charming, a decent fake nose and a message that any parent would love to pass on to a child -- love yourself and the world will love you back.
For a film that is basically about a hip, New Wave fairy princess, Penelope has both old-fashioned charm and a freshly modern approach to the subject of media manipulation and celebrity culture.
A delightful little tale that nonetheless suffers from a distinct sense of déjà vu.
May not exactly be the belle of the ball, but this ugly duckling updating is certainly fetching enough to serve as enticing family entertainment.
Ricci is appealingly human, and some acknowledgement of the importance of female friendship, in addition to romance, is faintly touching.
However one can fault the execution, there's something ironic about its sweet message about accepting one's own faults.
If you've watched 'Pushing Daises,' you can predict whether you'll find Penelope's over-the-top charms deliciously sweet or annoyingly cloying.
A plucky, whimsical romance as the ugly-duckling fantasy morphs into a satiric take on celebrity culture.
Director Mark Palansky wishes he was Tim Burton. So will you, because even with producer Reese Witherspoon showing up in a cameo, Penelope is dead on arrival.
If you're looking for something a little bit offbeat, Penelope won't send you diving out any windows to escape its quirky humour and gentle moralizing.
Despite an extremely uneven style, this modern-day fairy tale has plenty of charm.
Puts to rest the adage "Only a face a mother could love" because beauty trumps everything.
In Palansky's disappointing effort to blend old and new fairy tales, the theme (I like myself the way I am) is a reworking of Shrek, while the visuals borrow from Burton's early oeuvre, and even eccentric thesp like Christina Ricci can't help the film.
The most successful films in this genre rely heavily on production design, but unfortunately director Palansky decides to play it fairly straight here. Luckily, the film has an interesting story, for which all credit should go to writer Leslie Caveny.
Mark Palansky goes for Tim Burton-by-Jean-Pierre Jeunot whimsicality with Penelope, a storybook fable that never overplays its cutesiness but also fails to figure out what it wants to be.
A sweet lollipop of a film, a fable told with charm and whimsy. It does get overly saccharine as it goes on, losing its shape and novelty as it clambers towards its (supremely unsurprising, and in many ways disappointing) conclusion.
"Penelope" is a new twist on an old fairy tale template that succeeds for the heartfelt performances of Ricci and James McAvoy.
Penelope is a sweet, well-intentioned film, and it certainly appealed to the festival crowd I saw it with, but I'm just not sure after watching it, who exactly its audience is.
...one of the most interesting and flat-out entertaining films to play at this year's festival...
Charming, low-key fable with sly modern twists.
The whimsical ugly-duckling fable becomes more uneven as it proceeds, straining too hard to manufacture its quirky charms.




@highlight

Though Penelope has a charming cast and an appealing message, it ultimately suffers from faulty narrative and sloppy direction.