Those looking for a funny or provocative teen film will likely be disappointed, but Everything, Everything possesses enough moments of charm to make the manipulation somewhat forgivable.
This affecting and genuinely engrossing adaptation of author Nicola Yoon's hit novel is a fine example of how YA fans don't have to settle for second-best.
More contrived than organic....
"Everything, Everything" doesn't even set up a bar for Maddy and Olly to overcome, instead insisting on the idea that we should just make believe like mindless children.
Naturally, this in-the-wild sequence is beyond unbelievable, but it has pretty people, pretty clothes and pretty scenery. Just let it roll over you like the artificial breeze it is...
Director Stella Meghie's cinematic adaptation transports us back to teenagedom through fantastical whimsy, a soothing aesthetic, and knock-out performances.
Everything, Everything certainly isn't what epic, heart-wrenching love stories are made of, but it'll do as a date-movie that doesn't demand everything of you.
The film is sentimental and, given their ages, strangely chaste, but it does serve up one or two genuinely sweet moments before being undone by a melodramatic late twist that borders on the absurd.
The film goes to some enormously dark, cruel extremes, apparently without noticing that it has done so.
The soundtrack is lit and the color schemes are really beautiful. It's also pretty cool to have a Black girl cast as the leading lady for a young adult motion picture not specifically marketed to Black people.
Ultimately it's the strong performance from the two co-stars that pulls at heart strings, not the cheesy hogwash that is the storyline.
Based on a well-received novel by Nicola Yoon, Everything, Everything may satisfy its teen audience, but it translates to the screen as YA fluff with major plot holes.
Everything, Everything looks and sounds like a lot of these disease-of-the-week teen dramas... But it's slickly made, has a couple of decent twists, and Amandla Stenberg is a likeable young actress.
Despite the low-hanging metaphors and cloying, prettified dreaminess of it all, this is accurately aimed at its young target market and should elicit the desired effect in them.
What if The Boy in the Plastic Bubble had access to the internet?
Everything, Everything isn't without intelligence or charm, but just because a film is set in a sanitised environment doesn't mean that it should look or feel as antiseptically, oppressively pastel as this.
On the whole this fairly inoffensive production might strike the right chord with the demographic it is aimed at, but just don't expect anything more from it.
It's not just Maddy who exists in a bubble, but also the film.
Profoundly silly teenage romance gets a begrudging nod of respect for a final-reel twist that nobody will see coming.
Corny but efficient, and perfectly fine if you're tweenage or early teen, or just seeking a good sob.
This is anaemic stuff, though perhaps its target audience won't care.
The director managed to elaborate an entertaining film that had in Amandla Stenberg and Nick Robinson the sufficient dose of credibility for this plot to turn between warmth and the tenderness. [Full review in Spanish]
The irresistible chemistry between the two leads will have many audience members reminiscing about, or yearning for, their first love.
You'd have to be very young and naive not to see the twist coming, but perhaps that is the point.
Plays like a fairly standard teen drama with a surprisingly unpleasant sting in the tale.
Excellent lead actress Amandla Stenberg is let down by an uneven tone and a flawed story.
Stenberg's effervescent turn can't save this from curdling early into manipulative, melodramatic mush.
The characters and chemistry between them isn't fully achieved and the film ends up lacking romantic intensity. [Full review in Spanish]
Even though it has an enjoyable soundtrack and a brief intervention by Ana de la Reguera, the film seems deflate within minutes of footage. [Full review in Spanish]
Perhaps the plot wouldn't have been so bad, if they had kept the conflict more latent and dangerous. [Full review in Spanish]
A young adult formula that will be erased from memory as soon as the movie theater is abandoned. [Full review in Spanish]
A refreshing take on a coming-of-age love story.
...a sweet, somewhat uneventful coming-of-age story.
If you're looking for a film to jumpstart your feeling body and throw you back into your teens, watch Everything, Everything. You may come out of it a wiser adult.
Director Stella Meghie's retelling aims for the heart, along with humor, tears, agita, and more. For the most part, the film succeeds.
All in all, Everything Everything is a watered-down modern day rehash of the Boy in the Plastic Bubble with a female lead.
Facile and foolish, it completely loses plausibility in the third act...
What starts out as a reasonably fresh take on stories about debilitating illnesses and unrequited young love winds up as a heavy-handed melodrama that lacks the courage to follow through on its convictions.
If you love romantic dramas, or YA novels, or Amandla Stenberg, or visually creative films, then see this movie.
If you've been hoping to take your teenage daughter or son to a smug, facile and deeply offensive YA melodrama, here's your chance.
Sweet but relatively sappy, Everything, Everything will mostly speak to the young-adults in the crowd who will find the story and the material right up their alley. It's everyone else we're worried about.
Everything, Everything is not for everyone, but it will satisfy a certain subset of teenage girls who are compelled by watching fragile girls come-of-age with the help of a pretty boy.
Everything, Everything is a nice little surprise, with a high rewatchability factor.
Never really goes anywhere, despite a really strong lead performance at its center (Splice Today)
Stenberg's relaxed charisma carries what is a rather preposterous premise... Aside from its leading lady, what "Everything, Everything" has going for it is its light, fantastical aesthetic and unexpected sense of buoyancy.
Everything, Everything is another step in the right direction for teen films. Diverse, ambitious and well-made, it's proof that inclusivity in front and behind the scenes.
It isn't nearly as successful as the lovely The Fault In Our Stars, but it's an agreeable movie with a startling final act that might catch young audiences off-guard.
Soft-touch kids may enjoy the smooth-jazz romance of this ludicrous fantasy, with true love challenged by caring but misguided parental overprotectiveness, but the story fails to deal honestly with its what-if scenarios.
Everything, Everything sparkles with its interracial cast, but its focus is not race but relationships.
Stenberg and Robinson are enormously appealing young actors, but charisma only goes so far in a story that manages to be, as directed by Stella Meghie, sterile and wildly far-fetched.
The cop-out ending doesn't completely ruin the movie (which, mind you, would be only barely recommendable anyway), but it does damage its credibility.
"Everything, Everything" is bothersomely inorganic, to the point where it very rarely contains an identity that feels entirely its own.
Director Meghie misses the opportunity to illustrate the experience of discovery and awakening.
Director Stella Meghie's film pales next to its competition and even has the unfortunate audacity to suggest where you should go instead.
Everything, Everything is one of the best young adult novels I've read in the last few years, and it has now been made into one of the best teen films I've seen in a while.
Having seen Everything, Everything, I have just one question: did that ending work in the book?
Unencumbered by financial restraints, Maddy and Olly apparently can own any phone, any size Apple computer screen, or new Toyota pickup truck they want.
Everything, Everything has the style to draw in fans of the Young Adult genre, but it lacks the substance to truly resonate when compared to other (better) YA films.
Everything, Everything offers some creative flourishes on a fairly typical teen romance that succeeds thanks to its young stars.
Endearing teen love story is sure to make book fans happy.
Only partially succeeds in being the right romantic medicine.
[So] much wasted potential turning my own cinematic immune system into a lethally cancerous nightmare of bitter frustration and dejected disappointment.
The movie has its faults, but Maddy and Olly make for memorable, intellectually curious characters whose romance blooms in extraordinary surroundings.
An okay teen romance flick, but various little issues -- that could have been fixed quite easily -- continue to bedevil it and serve to distract. (Full Content Review for Parents - Violence, Profanity, Sexual Content, etc. - also Available)
Everything, Everything is the kind of teen movie we need right now-one that treats its diverse cast with respect and its interracial relationship like it's no big deal.
Engrossing and not too sugar-sweet, Meghie's movie is slightly paranoid, surprisingly fantastical and superb at translating the overwhelming stupor of first love with big, bold shots and a banging soundtrack.
Stenberg and Robinson are adorably cute; but there's preposterousness to the whole setup, and the film presents it with even more of a fairy-tale gloss.
I absolutely loved this love story.
"The Fault in Our Stars" meets "Room" in "Everything, Everything," a confounding psychological drama masquerading as a cutesy teen love story.
An original -- surprise -- teen romance concept that fails spectacularly at the climax. Terrific performances from two young actors are all that make this worth it.
Perhaps there's nothing worse than a film with a campy premise that takes itself too seriously.
"Everything, Everything" is a flawed film in many ways, but there is one that's a deal breaker: It doesn't make you cry.
Anyone over 15 may be distracted by impracticalities that go from improbable to preposterous, but might just enjoy the pleasures of watching Maddy wake up to the world.
For teenagers who feel they have discovered passion and love-sentiments apparently unknown to earlier generations-this is a movie that may to speak to them.
A tender enough tearjerker to dehydrate even this crabby curmudgeon!
If you're spending the running time of a movie like Everything, Everything being annoyed by plot holes rather than swooning over every chaste kiss and meaningful look, you're probably too old and cynical for it anyway.
With fewer longing stares out the window and fewer plot holes, maybe this movie could have turned into Something, Something.
"Thinking is overrated," says Olly at one point; it's probably the best philosophy with which to approach this film.
Instead of delivering a Nicholas Sparks-ified tale of rowboats and tearful confrontations in rainstorms, Everything, Everything feels like something fresh.
A ridiculous third-act reveal undermines this sappy but sweet romance between a girl with a rare immune disorder and the new boy next door.
With a pair of irresistible leads and a straightforward love-overcomes-adversity story, "Everything, Everything" scores a direct hit on the teenage-girl market. Others might find it pretty enjoyable as well.
As YA romances go - and there are plenty to choose from - this is a lesser option.
While the young-love melodrama isn't about to entice older viewers, the target audience will swoon.
Everything, Everything dives into a couple of tiresome clichés, but tales of doomed love have been a part of storytelling for a long, long time.
The tragedy is undone by contrivance.
Everything, Everything is caught in a trap where it doesn't commit to fleshing out the implications of its premise but doesn't have the tools to survive without it.
They're interesting as a romantic couple when a glass barrier separates them. Without it, these teens are just as dull as any others.
The last few minutes are a bit clichéd, if not uplifting, but what gets Maddy there is heartbreaking and infuriating.
Gets several things wrong, but it's admirable in the way it easily embraces diversity and rings true in its depiction of the first blush of love.
The romance is sweet. The actors are charming. And judging by the whooping and hollering at a recent sneak preview, for a romance-starved movie audience, the love story was very, very welcome.
Shallow and sappy... Ultimately 'Everything, Everything' amounts to very little.
[T]he mostly hollow Everything, Everything abandons all rationality -- and a good portion of its decency -- by the end.
How can any interesting comment be made about how we live today if the reality of that living is so decorously rejected? It's a parable compromised by politesse.
A sick teen who can't leave her house falls in love with the boy-next-door in this bland but efficient adaptation of a young-adult novel.
This is an above-average, young love weeper that somehow manages to hit all the genre notes in formal succession - yawn - but holds your interest by the remarkably nuanced performances of leads Stenberg and Robinson.
It's designed for viewers who aren't quite ready for the complexities of Teen Vogue, but as a light, silly time-waster, it's right on the mark.
The film's plot crux isn't romantic fatalism, but the year's cutest manifestation of trendy gaslighting.
Meghie knows what she's doing with "Everything, Everything," creating a visual language for the feature that merges fantasy and reality without bumpy points of entry.
Charming and gooey, but in the end, gutless.
The movie reminds you of what it's like to fall in love for the first time, in all its glory and embarrassment.

@highlight

Everything, Everything should tug young adult heartstrings fairly effectively, but may not be quite engrossing enough to woo less melodramatically inclined viewers.