It's not that Bay's vision for the robot-battle choreography is unimaginative. Rather, he lacks imagination to provide viewers with a way of putting all the pieces together for themselves.
Transformers leaves very few blocks left un-busted.
hat was delivered will no doubt send merchandising sales spiralling into orbit, but sadly at the cost of countless brain cells popping through after nearly two and a half hours of tedium.
Transformers delivers on its promise of stunning visuals and well-crafted action sequences, but it's not remotely worth the slog it takes to get there. Once the novelty of the robots wears off it's hopelessly insipid.
Bay, of course, can't resists temptation to use as many explosions in the film as possible
Morphs from Army-enlisting ad to toy ad (on its way passing through a panoply of car ads, computer ads, beer ads) without ever becoming a movie
Thank god the Transformers speak primarily in proper nouns--if they hadn't shouted "Optimus! Megatron!" every time they struck a blow, I'd have no idea what was happening.
Transformers is a rollicking, rousing experience.
For the bot-neutral rest of us, two-and-a-half hours of mostly incoherent special effects may be a bit much.
It is a teenage boy's wet dream. The girls are insanely hot, the lead is awkward/funny and the action sequences are top notch.
...if you are an adult and not already a fan, you may find the movie more than a bit long, loud, and frenzied.
Come to think of it, I was pretty stupid when I was six years old. So is this film.
Director Michael Bay's bigger than life version of the cartoon I grew up loving pretty much ruined one of my favorite childhood memories.
Although it strives to appeal to the whole family, it winds up emerging as a kiddie flick on steroids - a big-budget, effects heavy, feature film version of a Saturday morning cartoon.
Transformers is the best action movie I have seen since The Matrix.
'Transformers' is a loud, unsophisticated testament to the visceral thrills of effects-driven mayhem.
An overachiever of a film that practically defines the term summer blockbuster.
If you take Transformers with a grain of salt...you'll have a pretty fun time checking out both the robotic (transformers) and human (Megan Fox) eye candy
When Transformers is going strong early on, it's the grandest -- in every sense of the word -- entertainment in years.
The action scenes are too chaotic to be exciting.
Audiences are liable to be in a state of utter bewilderment.
Without expectations I could sit back and enjoy the updated computer- generated nostalgia for what it was.
Just a whole tub o' fun.
... Bay and his team know what we want from a Transformers movie: cool transformations, over-the-top chase sequences, and senseless destruction.
A sensory attack that drives us into tiny little fetal balls on the ground, whimpering that we must have liked it because the car effects looked cool.
An action movie made out of doll parts shouldn't be this much fun.
Eventually, though, the big metal things start talking and possessing names like Optimus Prime, Ratchet, and Bumblebee. This is the point that separates the men from the boy-geeks, and I just couldn't make that leap.
The film goes on and on, it is unbearably loud, and much of the dialogue is impossible to hear.
I challenge you to name another movie about an alien robot come to save the world while disguised as a yellow Camaro. Isn't it just an intergalactic Herbie the Love Bug?
Films directed by Michael Bay are usually like being shouted at by a halfwit for two and a half hours, and Transformers is no exception.
The script may have rubbery legs, but the action is rock-hard. The surprise is the lightness of touch: treat as a comedy for best results.
There are sights on show here that I promise the likes of which you'll have never seen.
The effects are jaw-droppingly good and if all you want is giant robots blowing stuff up, then Transformers delivers.
So, here's a surprise. The summer's first blockbuster action film worthy of its hype has nothing to do with pirates, Spider-Man or the Fantastic Four. Instead, it comes down to Michael Bay's "Transformers."
A mad rush of blood to the adolescent head.
Punishingly boring.
Michael Bay can build a universe in a bottle. He can install a pump in the tin man's chest.And he can call it a heart.
click for full review
O mais longo anúncio publicitário que já fui obrigado a testemunhar.
It's outrageous, stupid fun and you should see it on the biggest screen you can find.
It's a big, cool, dopey, noisy, non-stop action powerhouse. It's also too long by a half hour and it left my ears ringing, but it's a lot of fun.
For a Michael Bay action film, Transformers was surprisingly entertaining and not as heavy handed.
Bay's notion of excitement is to smash up bunches of stuff on screen, with no rhyme or reason, no characters to care about, and no clarity or structure to the action.
This director knows his Bay-bots audience as one that will give him all the space and self-indulgence he needs to carry out his high-volume boxoffice mission.
When it's on its fun, exciting, and epic, and when it's off, it's flat, unfunny, and painful.
Who better to make the ultimate boys-with-toys movie than the world's most gleefully destructive filmmaker, Michael Bay?
I loved it.
There are humans in Transformers, but Bay treats them with his trademark mixture of indifference and syrupy sentimentalism.
When it's not too far over the top or redundant, Transformers is a fun summer-movie ride.
Be sure to have some headache pills handy when you go see Transformers. While it may not necessarily be the best action movie of the year, it is definitely the loudest and you're sure to walk out of the cinemas with a throbbing headache . . .
To be honest, it's easy to forgive a lot in this movie because the 12-year-old in me is absolutely in love with all the jaw-dropping transformations. It would have been more rewarding if the adult in me had something to enjoy as well.
It's got action, romance, incredible CGI, convincing performances, a loud and lively musical score, way cool robots, and an adorable Chihuahua in a cast. What's not to like?
The average Hollywood action picture is aimed at 12-year-olds of all ages, but Michael Bay and Steven Spielberg's feature-length come-on for Hasbro's much-loved toy series (and its spin-off cartoons, video games and comics) aims even lower.
It's a Hasbro ad. It's a Chevy commercial. It's a pitch for Homeland Security. (A pretty ineffective one.)
Everyone in the likable cast grasps the spirit of this grand, cheesy adventure, which Bay presents as an action-effects comedy with the emphasis decidedly on comedy.
With Transformers, director Michael Bay has once again claimed the year's top honors for loud, stupid filmmaking.
The die-hard old fans should be happy.
The action sequences are so turgid it's sometimes hard to tell which 'bot is doing what, but with Bay steadily hurling fireworks you won't really pause much to think about that, or about how truly inane the story is.
Director Michael Bay and his ILM team have, in fact, achieved something pretty impressive in the world of CGI and modeling.
Not a movie, just one gigantic commercial for Hasbro.
An overwhelming and indistinguishable deluge of flying wreckage, sporadic explosions, and gnarled heaps of metal.
... forgive me if Transformers, the movie, strikes me as rather mechanical.
Too bad the filmmakers don't let these bots take over the spectacle.
Michael Bay doesn't merely pander to the lowest common denominator, he redefines it by lowering it.
Is it a commercial or an action movie? You could go either way with "Transformers."
For some, the movie went on a little long, but true fans didn't mind. (You can tell the true fans, they're the ones who cheer Optimus Prime like a rock star whenever he comes on the screen.)
a kick-butt action film with nearly non-stop action and amazing computer-generated special effects.
Indulging in the playground of technology at his disposal, Bay makes Transformers' hugeness personal.
Big, loud, empty . . . just another dumb Michael Bay movie.
...in doing so, Bay has crafted one of the best action movies of all time.
[D]irector Michael Bay makes a wise move: He comes out with a movie that simply doesn't have to be good.
A full-out assault on the senses that confuses bludgeoning a viewer with noisy spectacle with actually entertaining them
Bay's lack of perspective, combined with Steve Jablonsky's overblown score, do everything they can to convince you that this is A Very Important Movie. It isn't.
The film's hurtling visuals and snappy pace (even at two-plus hours) allow many a postmodernist to escape overreaching tendencies.
It's the toys 'r us in this awesome sci-fi blockbuster. It's bound to produce several inferior sequels but the pure joy of discovery from this kick-ass original is not-to-be-missed.
Divorced from reality, even movie reality, Transformers becomes an action film in traction. Its relentless product placement makes it seem like a 2hr. 22min. General Motors commercial. And the film has just enough collisions to be a crashing bore.
A rocking action movie with some campy humor that succeeds despite the drawbacks of being overly long and repetitious.
Hell may have frozen over. Not only has Michael Bay directed a movie that works, he has directed one of the most satisfying films of the summer. This is the cinematic equivalent of washing down a mouthful of sugary candy with a bottle of Mountain Dew.
There is so much action packed in every frame of this bombastic blockbuster, that the ludicrous plot and silly script went nearly unnoticed.
As a fan of the 1980s Saturday morning cartoon and Hasbro toys the film is based on, I was saddened to see characters I grew up with transformed into a corporate ad tool.
Declaring his absolute judgment and the intrinsic virtue of bringing democracy to all planets, Optimus Prime announces, "Freedom is the right of all sentient beings." Except, of course, the Decepticons.
It...fulfills every teenage boy's fantasy to make out with a hot girl on your talking Camaro while a giant friendly robot watches over you.
The cast members seem to be game for what's at stake here, especially Shia LaBeouf, who's on something of a roll.
The welcome mat is out for Michael Bay's cheerfully dopey saga inspired by the popular shape-shifting toys from the '80s.
Horrible! Hey, I didn't poop on your childhood. Michael Bay did.
What keeps Transformers watchable is LaBeouf and the computerized effects, which are often startling. When Sam's Camaro muscles up into the Bumblebee bot, it's like watching every boy's fantasy of his first pair of wheels.
Both visually stunning and utterly shrug-inducing, Transformers begs the question: can a live-action Centipede, Pac-Man or Donkey Kong movie be far behind?
Given the combined involvements of Michael Bay and Steven Spielberg, call it a Ka-Blamblin production, filled with many jaw-dropping marvels. Eventually, this vehicle runs on fumes, but only because it revs the gas so hard and so well for so long.
The quintessential big, loud, dumb summer action movie, this nonstop thrill ride is thunderously entertaining.
Transformers sinks to the level of '50s B-movie sermonizing and never fully recovers.
Above all, Transformers is the biggest-budget kaiju movie of all time...one of those Godzilla Versus Other Monster-Suit Guys Trashing Mini-Tokyo flicks. Only with robots
Transformers is long and loud and should not be ... compared with some dramatic work. Just let it stand on its own and transform you into a kid for a couple-plus hours.
Okay, I've been reminded that I don't like Michael Bay's directing style. That's the last reminder I will need for the next ten years or so.
Kids may just love this film. But for adults, there's not much of a story. And what little story there is eventually devolves into virtual nonsense.
Transformers is in a stellar class of seamless FX films populated by genre classics like Jurassic Park, Twister and Titanic
A big, dumb, special effects-laden action flick.
When you get a good view you'll probably be thrilled. But the thrills vanish with the next quick cut. There should have been more that met the eye.
Even folks who wouldn't know a Transformer from a Teletubby can expect to have a good time at Transformers, which easily emerges as the biggest surprise of the summer thus far.
...high-octane nonsense for those who suffer from permanently arrested development. The fact that it is a big-budget blockbuster based on a toy really says it all.
This is a Transformers movie, so why do the humans take up so much of the time, story and heroics? It should be robots with maybe a few humans on the periphery, not the other way around.
Do we really need an action film in the middle of summer to remind us how "good" some Americans can be?
Who needs all that noise??
Maybe if... you spent a lot of time playing with the toys you'd instantly recognize the robots. For the uninitiated, it's merely CGI creatures hitting each other...
One of the stupidest movies on record. But hey, it's also, you know, really, really fun.
Most directors would be content to retire with Armaggedon as the stupidest film on their resume. Let it not be said that Michael Bay doesn't know how to top himself.
There's less to this picture than meets the eye.
A slam-bang sci-fi action drama with exploding cars, razzle-dazzle battle sequences, a bling-wearing dog, robots with heart, and a secret agent with silly underwear.
A fairly rip-roaring piece of rock'em, sock'em robot mayhem that's more entertaining than it really has a right to be.
It's as juvenile as it exhilarating, as staggeringly-stupid as it is keenly well-crafted.
Giant robots drop from the sky and transform into colossal structures of suck. Stuff blows up. The talking gadgets attempt to save humanity, but changing a flat tire provides more of a thrill than this flick.
Surprisingly, Bay actually subdues his usual, attention-deficit style for this sometimes rewarding, science-fiction action thriller.
Transformers is the comic-book movie on steroids, a fusion of sound and fury and sci-fi plotting that leaves plenty of room for a franchise.
This is a movie to see on the big screen.
A high-octane symphony of machine battling machine and stuff blowing to pieces.
Transformers isn't a movie, it's a software program, into which quirky personality has been inserted like a line of computer code.
Citizen Kane, it isn't. But for 140 minutes in the dead of summer, it's a ton of dumb fun.
You have to appreciate the technical achievements even if the movie as a whole is not something that will stick with you for long.
Gets this critic's seal of approval as another overblown Michael Bay extravaganza, for it succeeds in bringing a cornucopia of beloved robots to life for a concatenation of epic battles worthy of a bombastic summer blockbuster.
No one should be expecting much from Michael Bay except fast pacing and decently choreographed explosions. With Transformers, he doesn't even make it that far.
Transformers is about as clever as an unplugged blender: Take away the many effects crews who so clearly gave their all, and what you're left with wouldn't pass muster in Georges Méliès' time.
The whole movie has a lightness of tone, an affection for its own cheesiness.
Grab some popcorn and make a pit stop, then sit back and enjoy it. You signed up for a movie about giant robots.
Transformers twiddles its big, fat, stupid robotic thumbs for the better part of two hours before jabbing them into your eye socket and finger-f***ing your brain in the last 20 minutes. Yes!
The story is essentially about hunks of scrap metal blowing each other up.
Flat, loud, flashy spectacle that's been fine-tuned and sanded down to appeal to the widest global audience possible. All in all, pretty generic.
Bay, at heart, isn't a fantasist; he's a literal-minded maestro of demolition. But then, that serves Transformers well during its climax, a spectacular clash of the heavy metal titans, and a primal reminder of why boys love their toys.
Fun, but a bit too serious.
At one point, Bumblebee essentially urinates on an annoying federal officer. It's hard to believe Bay or Spielberg think this is funny... This is pandering at its worst, and it reveals a lack of respect for the audience, kids and adults alike.
Transformers is supposedly about robots who turn into cars and back again; what it's really about is big Hollywood turning money into stupid and back again
When the humans slow things down, and they do, Bay cranks up the Gobots (excuse me, Transformers) for earth-shattering battles that pound the ground mightily ...
Bay's best effort by far. The robot thespians are better actors than the cast of Armageddon and the plot is probably more historically accurate than Pearl Harbor.
Admirers of great special effects... will find plenty to appreciate. ... (But) for every truly funny joke (and, admittedly, there are a few), there are a dozen duds.
Transformers is smart enough to know how incredibly stupid it is.
They fight -- these giant robots. They fight a lot. And it's AWESOME.
This is one fun summer movie. Totally ridiculous. Big and loud. Senseless. Campy and dumb. But great fun.
The illusion is shattered whenever the 'bots start talking or the action stops. Bay tries to gloss over the infantile plot, but it would take a lighter, wittier touch to square the movie's pedestrian script.
See Transformers. But don't expect anything more than a big, dumb summer action film with hot chicks, Shia LaBeouf and a lot of robots blowing things up.
To paraphrase Montgomery Burns: I'm no art critic, but I know what I hate...and I didn't hate Transformers.
Although the film can't quite eclipse the glorious Saturday morning cartoon silliness of the 1986 animated "Transformers" movie, it more than stands its ground.
Despite the sheer ineptitude of Transformers, there's a crassness behind it that's even more disturbing.
The thing is, as much fun as much of it is if I'm going to go to the theater for bubblegum I'll take the visceral real-world thrills of Live Free or Die Hard over this any day.
it's the transformation of robots that will blow your mind ... Add that to the eye-popping robot smackdowns and good old fashioned car chases, and you have a movie that is going to get your blood pumping and your heartbeat racing
Bay's direction ultimately bothered me less than the messy screenplay. As an old-school fan, I was quite disappointed though not necessarily offended.
No one presumes to apply artistic criteria to the sight of a high-rise being demolished. Why should Transformers be any different?
There is no scope to Bay's big city battle, no one WOW moment that will have people talking and no more excitement than watching the implosion of an old building on TV.
Logic suggests that even the most inept filmmaker would have a hard time turning a movie about enormous fighting robots into an unwatchable and flat-out dull piece of work, but that's precisely what Michael Bay has done with Transformers.
It's like spending a day at the state fair: a little bit of actual entertainment, a lot of embarrassingly cheesy attempts at entertainment, and the faint whiff of bull crap everywhere.
This is made by the fans, for the fans. Outsiders need not apply.
While Bay succeeds in creating a seamless mix of computer-generated effects with live-action, the real treat of his film is the flesh-and-blood LaBeouf. He is LaBomb.
For Transformers fans, I suppose this is a dream motion picture. For everyone else, it's a nightmare.
After Bay piles on a dozen [action] scenes..., your brain may feel pummelled. Not that your brain had anything to do in the previous two hours.
Transformers is way better than anyone could have expected from Michael Bay, the director who gave us Armageddon and Pearl Harbor.
Cars turn into robots. So do trucks. And planes. If you need more to recommend Transformers, there are big doses of humor and an appealing lead performance by Shia LaBeouf.
We knew it would be dumb. But we had no idea it would be so much dumb fun.
A dizzying summer adventure, Transformers is a film to worship for its set pieces and chastise for its inscrutable storytelling.
The surprising transformation here is not from machines into enormous robots but from a modest Saturday morning cartoon based on a line of toys into 2007's most exhilarating summer movie, able to transform audiences of all ages into 12-year-old fanboys.
A movie of epically assaultive noise and nonsense.
An uneven, overlong and at times overbearing flick.
There is so much action packed into every second of Transformers that by the time it's over, you may be tempted to go outside and give the box office another 10 bucks.
It's a gearhead's dream come true, with cool robots, hot girls, big explosions and broad jokes.
The most surprising thing about Michael Bay's much-anticipated, blockbuster-bound Transformers is how funny the movie is. I don't mean funny in an unintentional, Pearl Harbor kind of way.
Though he has a way with CGI toys and action set pieces, director Bay does not have a noticeable gift for making human beings come to life. Transformers' multiple earthling story lines are tedious and oddly lifeless.
As a movie, Transformers is mostly muscle car, but it has enough of a brain under its hood to know how, and when, to be funny.
An unexpectedly witty and exciting movie quick on its feet.
An overly long, repetitive jumble of a movie that isn't nearly as much fun as it should be.
In this tricked-out retake on the much-loved contraptions, director Michael Bay brings his usual chest-thumping, combustive bombast, but he also brings some clever pacing and a genuinely snappy wit. It is not all stupid and not all loud.
Taken for what it is, a crowd-rousing summer blockbuster inspired by a children's mechanical toy, Michael Bay's Transformers is some kind of mess...terpiece.
Transformers may be the most spectacularly stupid film ever made, and with modern-day Hollywood being what it is, that's quite a feat.
An unexpected summer surprise. Not only is it full of way-cool machinery, epic robot fights and mind-dazzling effects, it also has more than its quotient of actual wit and fun.
Whatever chance Transformers might have been a decent movie disappeared the moment Bay was hired to direct.
Only those undemanding inner 8-year-olds are likely to find anything here to appreciate.
If you love playing with action figures, Transformers is made for you. Otherwise, this loud and ridiculous film is more likely to be painful than enjoyable.
Director Michael Bay appears to have neither a sense of timing nor an awareness that, as a movie draws to its conclusion, simple logic suggests it's time to put a move on.
In Bay's world, which is more about metal than people, every action sequence must be edited like a cinematic seizure and every extreme-telephoto image must be jammed headlong into the next.
It's goofy fun with a lot of stuff that blows up real good, and it has the grace not only to realize how preposterous it is, but to make that into an asset.
The visual effects are marvellous, [and] the acting is better than it needs to be in a film of this nature.
I came away convinced I'd had the most sheer, loud fun of any blockbuster in a summer that has delivered too little of that quantity.
The effects are put to brilliant use. ...Bay even allows the humans their humanness, too -- elsewhere, John Turturro and Anthony Anderson are very funny in smallish parts, and [Julie] White steals the movie.
Though it's at least 20 minutes too long and uneven dramatically, the acting is sharp, and it features some of the most spectacular action and effects sequences of any movie of its kind.
Great special effects + Shia LaBeouf - flimsy story = lotsa fun.
Bay's movie is the grandest proof so far that, when it comes to movie characterization, flesh and blood have had their chance. From here on, it's up to metal and plastic.
Transformers has some of the best action sequences you'll see all summer.
The film suffers from a second-half degeneration into CGI battles devoid of human interest - but it's still a high-speed, energetic, must-see action flick.
the bloated mid-section of Bay's overlong extravaganza (clocking in at a punishing 144 minutes) will test the patience of casual Transformers fans
You'll find yourself rooting for computer-generated robots that magically transform into cars, trucks and fighter planes. It's selling the movie short to say the special effects are amazing -- they are out of this world.
[G]loriously, emphatically meaningless and cheerfully, genially brainless. It's like a big dumb dog -- you just can't hate it.
One silly, overblown movie, skillful but bombastic eye-candy for the adolescent-minded, with the cinematic I.Q. of your average household appliance.
It's a sickening force-feeding commercial frenzy to sell cars, toys and war in the same breath that it pawns itself off as "cinema." This is not cinema. This is acid kool-aid for children. Don't drink it.
Every time Transformers threatens to collapse under the weight of its ridiculous plot and boring characters, Bay and his team pull a visual trick that will blow many summer movie fan's minds.
Transformers is probably the Rosetta Stone of Bay's career. All of his favorite elements are here: military fetishism, vehicular fetishism, hot chick fetishism, explosion fetishism, sweaty machismo and a brutal disregard for an interesting story.
A sort of Ambien/No-Doz cocktail likely to send all but fanboy brains into self-protective shutoff mode.
works for more than just the built-in fan base who grew up on the old cartoon series and the toys. This is a fantasy for which suspension of disbelief is a pleasure. Sleeker, spiffed up, and daring to rely on solid storytelling
Probably the worst computer-generated-special-effects-driven summer blockbuster to ever disgrace the screen.
All you can do is grin, shake your head and let Transformers steamroll you into having a blast.
You might as well be watching a car compactor at work in a junkyard.
Transformers delivers the thrills we've been waiting for all year long.
Has Hell actually frozen over? Are pigs now taking to the sky? I only ask because Michael Bay has achieved the unthinkable: he's directed a crushingly entertaining movie.
Transformers is so hot and bothered over its reassembling robots that it can barely muster the energy to develop even an up-front text that makes sense.
This film is soulless and heartless but at the same time it's a lot of fun and contains a lot of "wow!" moments. I feel dirty for liking this movie so much. Michael Bay is a mad genius.
A melting pot of astonishing ineptitude. Amazing, how hundreds of millions of dollars can go into making a finished product that doesn't offer one solitary second of wonder, momentum, tension, or authentic emotion.
... a screeching metal, smash-and-crash, extreme-action movie lover's dream come true. It's also a wildly absurd, visceral fantasy and far more fun than it ought to be.
For the many Transformer fans out there: have fun. For everyone else: see anything, absolutely anything, else.
Director Michael Bay, never known for subtlety, transforms the popular 1980's toy line into a loud, flashy, goofy mashup of a movie that plays like "Gremlins" as really big hardware.
Like so many of Bay's films, Transformers suffers from a form of cinematic prostatitis.
For sci-fi excitement and escapist, fast-paced action, you can't beat this. It's spectacularly loud, fun-filled and wicked cool.
In a summer that's seen underperforming tre-quels and more than its fair share of warmed over sameness, Transformers is offering something similar, but in a much more exciting and evocative guise.
Better than sex.
Michael Bay's best film to date offers plenty of fun, but not much more than meets the eye.
It is as corny as it is magnificent and I have to admit that it is the most fun I've had at the movies all year.
Hated the robots and their funny voices, hated the humans, and the cereal box story.
Merde that meets the eye.
The effects are socko, as Variety used to say: the big, loud Transformer battles go on forever, but they're more entertaining than usual for this kind of film.
Bay and an army of visual designers have successfully re-imagined a photorealistic world in which these Titans can believably clash.
Transformers isn't just dorky, it's gloriously dorky.
Ridiculously awesome (or awesomely ridiculous?) sequences of mass destruction, lost in a lot of uneven dramatic or comedic material.
There's not much under the hood, but 'Transformers' roars with power and style thanks to awe-inspiring action and flawless effects
Reaction in Taormina Fest signals popular franchise, and artistically what might have been like a big, noisy amusement park with lots of attractions (subplots, robots) is more unified and involving due to Spielberg's creative input and LaBeouf's acting
It's long and loud and everything about it is big: from the massive stunts, the pounding orchestral score and the transformers themselves, which tower above everything and everyone in this mega-budget sci-fi adventure.
If it's true that there's an 8-year-old boy inside every man, Transformers is just the ticket to bring the kid out.





@highlight

While believable characters are hard to come by in Transformers , the effects are staggering and the action is exhilarating.