Jessica Mauboy and Deborah Mailman showcase womanhood, with all its glory and its challenges, in this uplifting drama.
The Sapphires is hard to resist.
This feelgood flick will almost certainly be an international hit and it is undeniably uplifting, the joyousness of soul music smoothing out the odd shifts in tone that arise as a result of the strange genre conflict.
The clichés are rendered painless by excellent performances from the five principles, with O'Dowd and Mailman particularly standing out.
This charming Australian import has a groove much like other low-key, let's-put-on-a-show indies such as Hear My Song and The Commitments, and never uses its social conscience as simply backbeat.
A heavy-handed anti-racism message isn't easier to take when played to a Motown beat, though the Australian comedy-drama The Sapphires acts otherwise.
The Sapphires has too many facets.
The skill and sly moments of real panache help turn The Sapphires into a shining example of the type of film this country really ought to be making more of.
Tries to dazzle itself but the shine comes off quickly, as this weakly structured story flees at the sight of any lingering dramatic conflict, preferring to turn history into a pleasant song-and-dance routine.
A unique and heartening look at four young women blossoming into mature adults as they enjoy a bout with success in the midst of a hard-fought war.
Quite possibly the least original movie you'll see this summer -- and one of the most enjoyable.
The mood is so charming and the music so inspiring that you continually cut it a break.
By-the-numbers in every sense of the word, the film tracks a tried-and-true sort of triumph while featuring renditions of soul classics so bursting with energy and joy you won't care that the originality meter is leaning on empty.
Even when it seems contrived The Sapphires is a feel-good movie in the most positive meaning of that term, thanks to the Motown music and O'Dowd's cheeky charm. Like the Four Tops, I loved every sugar pie, honey bunch moment. I can't help myself.
Unfortunately, it has been turned into a routine and uninspiring movie, following a tired, old formula the entire way.
A surefire crowdpleaser with all the ingredients for the type of little-movie-that-could sleeper success that Harvey Weinstein has nurtured in years and award seasons past.
You've seen this story before, but never pulled off with so much joie de vivre.
They can put a song across just like the Dreamgirls. What's not to like?
Exuberant but fairly formulaic.
Doesn't always mix its anti-prejudice message and its feel-good nostalgia with complete smoothness. But despite some ragged edges it provides a reasonably good time.
Director Wayne Blair -- another veteran of the stage show -- finds his footing during the film's many musical numbers.
Despite the prosaic plot and reserved approach taken by Blair, Briggs, and Thompson, it's tough to get cynical about such a warmhearted picture that strives to tell so uplifting a story.
The harmonies they strike in this reality-inspired charmer are sweetly sublime.
You could drive an Abrams tank through the film's plot holes, but you'll likely be too busy enjoying yourself to bother.
"The Sapphires" feels like a movie you've already seen, but it's nonetheless thoroughly enjoyable, like a pop song that's no less infectious when you know every word.
"The Sapphires" sparkles with sass and Motown soul.
Sapphires is hardly a cinematic diamond mine. But this Commitments-style mashup of music and melodrama manages to entertain without demanding too much of its audience.
It's pure joy.
It's a sweet little tale, and that co-writer Tony Briggs is the son of one of the real-life singers adds to the heart-tugging. In the end, though, it's not quite enough to sustain a feature-length film.
A movie with enough melody and camaraderie to cover up its lack of originality.
The Sapphires shouldn't gleam as brightly as it does. The up-from-struggle story follows the predictable form of movies like these, from Dreamgirls to The Commitments. But there's such a sense of joy ... that it's hard not to be won over.
Draining most of the blood, sweat and tears from a true story, this music-minded movie capably covers a song we've heard a hundred times before.
"Sapphires," which was inspired by a true story, is propelled by a strong sense of music's power to connect people and change lives.
Fires on all cylinders when it drops all pretense and allows its talented cast to simply belt out a series of pure, unfiltered slices of ear candy.
A rousing soundtrack helps to compensate for some of the historical embellishments in this Australian crowd-pleaser.
'Sapphires' got heart and soul
It might not possess the exuberant innocent fun of 'That Thing You Do!' or the overall brilliance of 'The Commitments' but 'The Sapphires' shines enough in its own right. (Complete Content Details for Parents also available)
If you love the music of Motown and enjoy a feel good success flick, then "The Sapphires" fits the bill.
Let's trivialize a legacy of cruelty and denigration, in a country where indigenous people suffered from centuries of human rights abuse! And let's make the carnage of Vietnam look like a paintball game!
Delirious surprises crowd out the clichés in this thoroughly disarming movie.
[A] genial, entertaining, cliché-ridden showbiz story from Australia.
"The Sapphires" illustrates how the same old story - in this case, the one about a 1960s girl group and its struggles - can be freshened up through the novelties of place and characterization.
A very conventional story of a '60s Australian girl group gains extra power from its context and setting in this fact-based story set to the beat of Motown soul.
The performers improve it, or save it, depending on your viewpoint.
Mauboy has one hell of a voice, and the Sapphires' vocal performances speak to the endless power of great soul songs.
Irresistibly feel good, sound good movie, wears hearts and social relevance on its sparkly sleeve. . .Fun and racial tolerance amidst war [with] sterling aborigine talent.
The most affable, innocuous outing ever set in a war zone.
"The Sapphires" is a bit like a puppy you're trying to house break. It may have its bad cinematic moments but it's just so darn appealing that you have to love it.
With O'Dowd in the lead, and a hit-soundtrack-ready selection of tunes from the Stax and Motown catalogs and more, The Sapphires is popcorn entertainment, with some earned laughs and a genuine heart.
It helps that the leading actors are so skillful and appealing, beginning with Chris O'Dowd as a roguish Irishman who becomes the girls' manager...
You've seen this type of tale many times before...but the inspired-by-a-true-story Aboriginal slant adds interest, the actresses create unique characters and Chris O'Dowd really shines.
This familiar but supremely well-told and produced tale of the unlikely rise of an Aboriginal female pop group in the Vietnam War-era is feel-good entertainment at its best. Performances, solid script and great music all hit the high notes.
Why resist?
It sidesteps the usual cliches. Fame and fortune matter less than the human connections that are fostered and repaired on this unlikely journey.
While the fish-out-of-water story remains a little overused, the sweet soul music still provides a terrific hook.
Melodramatic and clichéd to a fault, The Sapphires is however elevated by winsome performances, particularly O'Dowd, and plentiful musically-driven charm.
Not even sweet soul music can turn Vietnam circa 1968 into a feel-good trip, but "The Sapphires" tries its darnedest.
For the most part Aussie director Wayne Blair's feature debut is snappy and fresh.
A solid, stirring song sung with more sincerity than polish.
Despite some predictable facets, The Sapphires shines brightly.
You could call it an Aussie Dreamgirls. I'd call it a blast of joy and music that struts right into your heart.
Even when "The Sapphires" is at its most unpolished and cheesiest, O'Dowd and the film's general warm spirit make it a tune hard to resist.
The Sapphires understands intuitively that cheap tricks still work most of the time, and it is not without its silky, assured virtues-but originality is not one of them.
An irresistible if unpolished feature debut from Aussie director Wayne Blair.
The Sapphires might pass muster as escapist fluff, but its pretensions of significance go woefully awry.
Wayne Blair isn't interested in historical complexity or subtext, just the seamless flow of Hollywood-style storytelling that lazily connects one musical number to the next.
Adorable, with a winning Chris O'Dowd turn. But overall, an unpolished gem
An aggressively entertaining movie..that can be serious when it wants, without ever taking itself too seriously.
Singin', swingin' and sparkly, it's a sentimental, feel-good crowd-pleaser.
A well-deserved tribute to four Aussie lassies who risked their lives to entertain the boys.
A musical feature about a worthy if little-known subject that's enjoyable, despite manipulative tone and conventional nature.
The movie unfolds in the uplifting manner you'd expect, but its real pleasures lie in its terrific '60s pop-soul soundtrack and especially in its frequently funny performances.
Though the production is unpolished, the music is great and Chris O'Dowd is delightfully droll as the group's boozy manager.
A fully realized and layered story that delivers both humor and compassion, fantastic music that truly takes you back to that point in time, and an unforgettable performance from O'Dowd.
An energetic, amusing and resolutely feel-good-film-with-a-message, 1960s music movie The Sapphires ticks all of the right boxes to click with audiences as well as being a smart advert for Aussie girl power.
The film might veer towards the predictably sentimental, but it has a fizzing energy that is hard either to deny or dislike.
There's enough gaiety and whirlwind plotting to sustain an upbeat attitude about the whole endeavor, even when director Wayne Blair seems utterly determined to exit the effort on a sour note.
Likable...
We've all got used to international co-productions over the years, but The Sapphires surely breaks new ground by mixing Vietnam and Australia with Irish and Aboriginal characters.
The Sapphires is certainly at home to corn, and the limited budget shows through at its tattered edges. But it should do wonders for those still suffering from Mamma Mia! withdrawals.
Shamelessly crowd-pleasing, this warmly engaging film is based on a remarkable true story. And since it's topped off by Chris O'Dowd's most engaging performance yet (which is saying a lot), resistance is futile.
It may not be hugely original, but this is a pleasant watch with charm to spare.
It makes its point with a warm heart and authentic playing, even if there's also a certain amount of cheesiness.
There are a few wobbles in the script, but O'Dowd's feckless charmer holds things together and he finds a sparky match in Mailman's strong-willed Gail.
If you're in the mood for a sentimental feel-good movie with affection for its music and characters, The Sapphires offers solid entertainment.
It's too naive, and most of the vocal dubbing is weirdly, distancingly poor.
Fluffy, infectious fun.
At heart an empowerment story, the picture deftly but lightly weaves in the politics around the personal as the girls find their voices while falling in love and trying to steer clear of danger.
Hugely entertaining, sparkily directed feelgood Australian drama with a superb script, delightful musical numbers and outstanding performances from the entire cast.
Not since Robin Williams rocked it from the delta to the DMZ has the war in Vietnam produced a story with as much snap and sass as this. And you can take that to the bridge.
A model feel-good movie that sparkles with heartfelt humour ...
The Sapphires is a likable, uneven feelgood movie, based on real life: all about a winsome foursome with a lot of soul.
It's the musical numbers and the mighty lungs of Australian Idol winner Jessica Mauboy that make this one of the feel-good movies of the year.
A good-natured tribute to feisty soulfulness that is fun for a long as it lasts, provided you are in a feelgood mood.
Far too lovable to resist.
Those turned off by the cutesy poster boasting glamorous wannabes in sequin dresses may be pleasantly surprised by how enjoyable the film is as a whole - it turns out this is no teen fantasy for Gleeks.
Cheering. Churning. No wonder Harvey Weinstein raced to pick up this little gem.
An enjoyably broad romp that stays light on its feet, and O'Dowd's madman riffing keeps it bounding along.
A feelgooder spiced by social conscience, this is one of those underdog productions with potential to punch well above its weight. Go on, give it a chance.
A gem, no less.
It's just a touch... predictable. But so are many good movies.
Despite an undeniable shambolic charm, the result, while not exactly off-key, could've cleaned up its act before it went on the road.
Packed with laughs, toe-tapping songs and performances as sparkly as the costumes, Wayne Blair's musical is a sure-fire hit.
The Sapphires is a genuine crowd pleaser that is filled with great tunes, entertaining performances and heartfelt scenes.
The Sapphires has a lot of heart but an awful lot more soul!
At certain moments, the film feels pretty manipulative, but you know why manipulation is popular? Because it is effective.
There's a sense of vibrancy and hope burgeoning throughout as the quartet yearn to escape the shackles of their oppressive past at the hands of a racist White Australia. The Sapphires is a triumph.
Opts for optimism over authenticity, watering down the period's complex and depressing racial politics into relatively straightforward hurdles for its heroines to overcome.
Funny, uplifting and blessed with a quintet of winning, energetic lead performances, The Sapphires is a very easy film to fall in love with.
The Sapphires is to be admired as both a musical and a comedy.
An Aussie film with real mainstream chops, not a film you watch out of patriotic obligation, but one you watch simply because it is a top-quality, enjoyable and affecting flick.
So good are the interactions between Chris O'Dowd and the rest of the cast that its weaknesses are forgiven, for it's the relationships not the politics that makes The Sapphires work. Not to mention the music. That sweet soul music.
The end result is sweet, sincere, sentimental and spirited, ensuring The Sapphires is a certain crowd-pleaser.
...infectious, celebratory storytelling...
The Sapphires is often laugh-out-loud funny, constantly entertaining, and close to being a great Australian classic.
It is a film with a way of disarming your critical faculties.
All shortcomings are invariably forgiven whenever the hyper-talented Mauboy gets near a microphone, and the film's winning selection of soul standards and original tunes fire up.
Audiences in this country say they want entertaining Australian films. Well, I've got to tell you, this is it.
If you want a feel-good home-grown movie, this is the film for you.
I came out very happy, and well: the film made me feel like dancing.
Fittingly for a movie featuring lots of great soul music, The Sapphires is filled with soul and sings from the heart.
The Sapphires is a jukebox musical in every sense of the word; all the hits, none of the deep cuts... thankfully the wonderful performances convince us that a Best Of package, though often lacking in substance, can still be a whole lot of fun.
An Aboriginal girl group's journey from the outback to stardom is an energetic, feel-good triumph.
The film's theatrical origins are sometimes evident in the tone, but it's not a major flaw. For me, there is an awkwardness...
A good hearted crowd pleaser offering undemanding entertainment, the films tells the story of four aboriginal girls who leave their remote Australian home to sing for American troops in 60s war-torn Vietnam .. struggles to find an effortless authenticity
Though Blair's vision expands the action, the stage play origins are obvious in the films structure, which allows for a show-stopping tune at regular intervals whether the drama needs it or not.
Like the music and the women it celebrates, The Sapphires has heart and soul and it's great to see the story finally shared on the big screen.
Soul music's alleged redemptive powers are fully at work in this jumbled, sketchily written but vastly appealing true-life musical comedy.
Its treatment of Big Themes like racism, war and oppression, is shallow to the point of repulsion.
Sunshiny effervescence dominates Wayne Blair's '60s-set parable of self-determination.
The Sapphires is glossy and often silly, but it's zippy enough to make the tour worthwhile.
This is uncomplicated, educative stuff - quintessential school-trip cinema - but O'Dowd elevates every scene he is in, which is most of them.
Harmless, eschewing provocation in favour of a genuine entertainment factor, and preferring to tell its worthy story in terms of characters and their personal relationships.
A jewel-bright charmer about four spunky indigenous women whose powerhouse voices catapulted them onto the 60s-era world stage as Australia's answer to the Supremes.

@highlight

While it's plenty predictable and sentimental, The Sapphires also has an irresistible feel-good vibe, winning music and charming performances to spare.