It's a bad movie, really bad, and in the end I was just baffled that this was actually made.
...represents a significant improvement over its lackluster predecessor...
The character development is as thin as shed snakeskin.
So who is this movie for? Based on my experience at the theater, kids who just turned thirteen yesterday.
This is a film that manages to take what should have been delirious camp fun and turn it into a struggle to keep any remote interest.
Provides some unintentional laughs and genuine bursts of adrenalin, however hokey it gets and however Harry Potterish the snakes.
Picks up pretty terrifying momentum once the jungle snakes get an urge to chow down on these humans, even if everyone on the menu is on the lean side
It's fun to see the characters get eaten up. It's the people who remain alive and talking that may disturb the viewer.
these creatures attack strictly one at a time, so that Anacondas misses every opportunity to live up to its titular promise.
Not especially tedious, the snakes were OK, and I understood most of the conclusion. The only surprise, though, was that I made it to the end.
Obviously the cast and crew don't care that this makes no sense--they got a great holiday in Fiji.
Despite a script that borders on banality ... and Strickland's sometimes distracting emoting, director Little and director of photography Stephen F. Windon do an exceptional job of creating tension.
Se vou perder uma hora e meia de minha vida vendo uma cobra comer pessoas, quero, no mínimo, que a refeição seja composta por caras conhecidas.
Some people say nature is a good thing, something that ought to be encouraged. These people are stupid and should shut up.
Even if it isn't worth the price of admission, it is at least a pretension-free flick.
The only thing worth hunting for in this mess is the exit, and then maybe a quick trip to the box office to demand your money back.
...a real popcorn film...
In the funny outtakes, you can watch how the snakes band together to vote the stupid humans off the island.
Anacondas might provide some diversion for a rainy Sunday afternoon of TV viewing, but it's not worthy of the big screen.
Surprisingly, Anacondas turns out to be much more entertaining than it has any right to be.
It's predictable. It's cliché. But it's fun to watch.
It took four screenwriters to cobble this together. That's reasonable. With the death of Ed Wood, it's not possible for any one person to come up with anything this screwy.
...easily the best mainstream release of the summer... an example of first-rate B moviemaking.
I never thought a film about giant snakes that eat people could be this atrociously dull.
At best, it will come as a pleasant surprise to those going in with the lowest of preconceptions. At worst, it offers audiences a chance to get out of the August heat for 90 minutes.
When the snakes do attack, there's not much originality or surprise to their methods. No one gets spun up and down like a yo-yo, or puked back up.
Clearly a bottom-feeder.
More snakes does not a better movie make.
Due to the film, one has peace of mind in learning that if a companion is swallowed by an anaconda, its digestive process takes so long that it won't eat you too soon.
If you just want to see giant snakes eating people who talk too much and need to die because of sheer stupidity, this movie is for you.
This movie looks like it was no fun to make. It certainly was no fun to watch.
It's a dumb pic, but it does what these type of escapist summer films are supposed to do--provide some silly thrills.
The big snake is back and he's brought along some friends.
This movie features a scene of a snake chasing a monkey, which is more than I dared hope for.
Dwight Little directs this exciting film that will keep you on the edge of your seat.
There's some guilty popcorn pleasure to be had from watching beautiful people get digested down into the belly of the beast, but don't expect anything fresh or inventive here.
As someone said, the only way you should see this is drunk.
As a special-effects extravaganza, it's pretty tepid stuff, but as a jungle potboiler, the movie has just enough campy thrills to keep customers satisfied.
Who knew the science field was so jam-packed with beautiful people?
I can appreciate a good B-movie as much as the next guy, but even by the very relaxed standards of B-moviedom, "Anacondas 2" is a rather sad affair.
The kind of sequel that should have gone directly to DVD shelves.
How ridiculous is this? They depend on cellphones that even work in the remote jungle.
There's odd cosmic poetry in the fact that Dwight Little, director of Anacondas: The Hunt for the Blood Orchid, also directed Free Willy 2.
The only surprise in this unintentionally funny scarefest is learning that the characters you hope get eaten first, darn the luck, make it to the finish.
The CGI snakes are so blatantly computer-based that you expect them to occasionally pause and say 'You've got mail!
Stinky cheese.
It's one of those 'I-can't-believe- I'm-enjoying-this' kind of things.
Supremely silly but undeniably fun.
'There's a way in. There's a way out.' He's right. It's behind you, right below the sign that says Exit. Just follow the stampede.
Wisely prods not only ordinary phobias about big, bad serpents but also universal terrors of the dark, of narrow spaces, of drowning, of falling, of spiders and much more.
The sequel might have the formula down, but it lacks everything that made Anaconda fun.
...mainly a series of false alarms involving a pet monkey.
After watching this film you feel that you've aged a thousand years.
It's not particularly ingenuous, the acting is only serviceable, the killer snakes have adapted most of their scariest riffs from the star of Jaws, but it's a species of low-grade fun that really does appeal to the whole family.
Coiled in cliché it may be, but the film offers a reasonably good time for audiences, and it boasts a few cast members with promise, both human and primate.
The supersize snakes don't even make an appearance until the movie's midway point -- and when they do, appalling special effects render them merely risible.
Anaconda is the Citizen Kane of giant snake movies. Anacondas is more like the Gigli of giant snake movies, only slightly better because at least Ben Affleck's not in it.
The refined taste insists on risibly bad, on hysterically bad, on poke-your-seatmate- in-the-ribs bad, and this falls well short of that hallowed mark -- it's just routinely bad.
Precisely what you think it is: a workmanlike sequel to a thrill-kill flick that doesn't even pretend to be good.
Director Dwight Little and a laundry list of writers (among them Michigan-born Jim Cash) simply deliver a generic hungry snake movie, and on those terms, Anacondas can be kind of fun.
It's hard to fully embrace a film when its best actor is an animal (in this case, a Capuchin monkey that's far more expressive than any of this movie's no-name cast members).
A lot better than a slapped-together sequel to a campy original has any right to be.
A scary, fun, fast and efficient B-movie that crushes such bloated would-be blockbusters as 'Van Helsing' and 'AVP' in its CGI coils.
I've seen Anaconda, and, senator, Anacondas is no Anaconda.
It's a bit more conscious of the fact that it's a bad B-movie, so it goes along with it, which makes for a lot of fun and a noisy audience laughing both with and at the filmmaker's liberal use of genre clichés.
Where the first movie had a fragrant odor, the smell, say, of Lysol sprayed in a gas station bathroom, Anacondas actually stinks.
Yet another film bashing corporations, Anacondas does a reasonably good job with chills and humor from material that's same ol'.
Long before the snakes appear we're already on their side.
This is a B-grade horror-thriller sequel with a no-name cast and more schlock than shock. For the record, the theme shed its skin seven years ago.
How many dopes could a big snake squish if a big snake could squish dopes?
Part jungle adventure, part horror flick, Anacondas succeeds despite its lack of a big star, notable director or good idea.
Each time the anaconda slithers his head into the frame, you smile because the big snake gotta eat, meaning one more irritating character is about to receive the bloody end.
Yes, it's a terrible movie and a waste of millions of dollars, but the upside is that Anacondas is hilarious.
Doesn't even fall into the 'so bad it's entertaining' category. As unscary, threadbare, and downright dull as these kinds of movies come.
Anacondas is not 'snakespeare' but it's got the right mix of horror, suspense and camp and it delivers exactly what it promises.
Folks, you'll know whether you want to see this movie or not by the title alone.
So pointless and forgettable that you can hardly believe that someone was actually paid to come up with it and someone else was actually paid to greenlight it.
The snakes may be longer this time, but Anacondas: The Hunt for the Blood Orchid comes up short on thrills.
It is a slithering sensation of silly fun.
A Giant Snake movie that's bereft of thrills, chills, blood & guts is a sorry flick indeed. And don't even get me started on the snakes.
There's no J. Lo this time, no Ice Cube, no Jon Voight, no Owen Wilson.
Its appeal is that it takes itself very seriously, even if we can't, and 90 minutes of gently laughing at it is almost worth the price of admission.
It's not very good, but you can get some laughs out of it. And, show this monkey the Oscar! He's better than the human actors in the film!
A programmer that once upon a time would have played on the bottom half of double bills, Anacondas has no pretensions and gets its little job done effectively, providing some small-scale laughs and chills for the late summer season.
You can tell a movie is in trouble when its most emotionally compelling scene involves a monkey in danger of being eaten by a giant snake.
A ride that's more fun than Disneyland's Jungle Cruise.
The original 'Anaconda' was dumb fun; this sequel is just dumb.
Does not belong at a theater near you.
As a junky B-movie thriller, it could have been a lot worse.
the cast is full of no-name no-talents, the script might have been spit out by a screenwriting program on autopilot and the visual effects all but scream 'direct-to-video.'
A PG-13 rating squeezes the life out of Anacondas.
A hokey, old-school creature feature that will appeal to fans of the original and connoisseurs of enjoyably absurd movies.
Once this movie's momentum gets going, watching it is like experiencing a schlocky monster movie, Lord of the Flies and Peter Gabriel's Shock the Monkey video all at once.
Pic works consistently on the level of Corman-esque popcorn entertainment thanks to the efficiency, energy and lightness of touch of helmer Dwight Little and his game cast.
All it promises is a few cheesy thrills and, on that promise, it delivers.
A tamer version than the original.
Anacondas is to its 1997 Jennifer Lopez-starring forerunner what Jaws: The Revenge was to Steven Spielberg's shark monster original.
One presumes [the original's cast] had better things to do than revisit old saw-toothed friends. Unless you have some empty hours to fill with swampy slush, you may decide you've better things to do as well.
An above average genre specimen -- despite a predictable nature from which there's no escape.
It's all tease and no payoff.
The picture ultimately overcomes some clunky dialogue and clunkier line readings to deliver the goods in a diminished-expectations manner, particularly when the bloodbath gets going.
There's no enjoyably outlandish hiss to this variation on the formula.
It's little better or worse than the original. But, to be honest, the original -- minus its nascent stars -- wasn't very good.
You know exactly what you're getting into when you sit down to watch a movie in which there is not only one but many giant super snakes...Please tell me you know.
It's impossible to have a waste of talent when there appears to have been none involved in the first place.
...there simply wasn't enough cheese mixed in with its crapiness...
Who will the snake kill off first: the African-American comic relief guy, the nerves-of-steel heroine, or the treacherous British professor? Take a wild guess.
I suppose it could have been worse: it could have been longer.











@highlight

A cheesy monster B-movie.