Tyler Perry's The Single Moms Club is a lackluster empowerment fantasy that veers between dull and embarrassing.
As frustrating as it is, Tyler Perry's The Single Moms Club is an insightful, fascinating and often entertaining picture.
The title not only succinctly sums up the basic premise, but the totality of Perry's development of it.
We see very little of the women's vicissitudes, or the ways in which they support one another through their club.
A contrived, formulaic, heavy-handed melodrama about camaraderie and the value of female solidarity.
This is the third feature within a year (on top of two TV shows) to come out of Perry's fast food, drive-thru productions. So it's not surprising that the Single Moms Club feels like it was slapped together by someone who is ready to take the next order.
[...]Single Moms Club cannot muster up the energy to be as insulting and offensive [or] as overtly, aggressively sexist as most of Perry's films [but the film] feels suspiciously like a glorified pilot for a television show[...]
The moral here is that no challenge is insurmountable if you form a club. And keep a wine opener handy.
In Tyler Perry's latest opus, "The Single Moms Club," he demonstrates how disparate stereotypes can find common ground through the power of a single cliché.
[T]his is a film about catharsis and camaraderie, not logic.
This is How Stella Got Her Groove Back for the Pop-Tart crowd, a wish-fulfillment weepie that narrowly clears Perry's low bar, thanks mostly to Wendi McLendon-Covey and Cocoa Brown
Mr. Perry's latest film touches upon some recognizable and realistic challenges with efficient compassion, but there's probably more dramatic tension in a car pool than in this film's collection of predicaments.
Just wondering, but if these sisters are indeed capable of doing it for themselves as the film insists, why can't at least one of them do it without a man?
It's downright terrible at times. However, it's not nearly as awful as his two features that came out last year.
"The Single Moms Club" is almost good.
It quickly becomes a by-the-book, overly-simplified look at a quintet of single moms who find common ground coping with the challenges of raising middle-school age children and finding romance.
A stacked deck of one-dimensional demonstrations of female oppression, explored - and overcome - with Perry's typically well-intentioned but misguided notions of empowerment, 'The Single Moms Club' ranks among the filmmaker's worst work yet.
Tyler Perry's The Single Moms Club is a sitcom masquerading as a feature film. And given Perry's snowballing small-screen presence, an eventual TV show of it would be no surprise.
Perry tosses in comedic moments when the tension gets too intense, but he doesn't do it at the sake of any of the characters. This is a movie about five interesting -- and funny -- women dealing with real world problems.
This is a club that you don't want to join.
A surprisingly sharp and funny female-empowerment ensembler.
In any other movie, the filmmaker would rightly be accused of trafficking in lazy stereotypes, but lazy stereotypes are the beachhead into which Tyler Perry has firmly planted his flag.
These are some great actresses, and with writer-director-producer Perry displaying some rare focus, you're intrigued at first by the possibility of watching them interact for a couple of hours. It doesn't last.
An unabashedly-sentimental salute to single-moms from all walks of life!
Insulting, but that's par for the course with Perry, who can always be counted on to misinterpret his own plots.
Excruciating.
While the subject is very timely and worthy, this lame tale just falls completely flat.

@highlight

The Single Moms' Club finds Tyler Perry avoiding some of the pitfalls of his earlier work, but continuing to rely on heavy-handed melodrama at the expense of sensible characters or absorbing storylines.