Kelly is at his best when he's making mind-melting science fiction with allegorical underpinnings, but unfortunately The Box is more like a morality play with a few science fiction characters hanging around in the background.
Just as we begin to twig what's going on, the plot wriggles out of Kelly's grip altogether and veers off into the overstretched delirium of all ambitious but immature directors.
As a dark, strange and enjoyably paranoid little sci-fi thriller, I'd say the good points outweigh the bad by a long shot.
What they end up deciding sets in slothlike motion a convoluted string of ludicrous events that will take writer-director Richard Kelly years to live down.
Weird for the sake of weird? Definitely. A work of art? Maybe. Genius? Hardly. But be sure of one thing: this is most certainly a box that's worth peeking into.
A shallow and easily-forgettable thriller.
it's just a big, incomprehensible, cliché-laden mess.
Kelly treats what is essentially a Stanford University psychology experiment with inflated somberness.
Is it an odd film? Certainly. Will it creep you out more than it engages you? Probably. Should we be rewarding folks who are willing to step out of bounds and make us think? Definitely.
Total head-scratch entertainment.
Richard Matheson probably wouldn't care for Kelly's adaptation too much because it certainly goes its own way. It's not perfect; it's a little slow and plodding and has a few characters that don't add much to the overall affect. But it's still quite good.
Here's one box you don't want to open.
Think twice about giving into foolish curiosity and leave The Box's button untouched.
The consequence of free will is examined in Richard Kelly's mind bending morality tale, The Box.
I'd like to think there is a director's cut coming at some point to fill in the gaping holes.
"Somebody get Richard Kelly a Katherine Heigl romantic comedy stat, or else we might have yet another talented filmmaker unable to wiggle free from his own cavernous pretension."
Kelly runs The Box a little too closely to the themes of The Day the Earth Stood Still, although it does have something more cynical to say about humanity.
[Richard] Matheson's original story was a short, sharp piece with a very direct point. Kelley simply uses it as a jumping off point for his own dense, weird and oddly personal "what-if" tale.
Kelly stretches a perfectly good 22-minute television episode out to two hours with an insane barrage of red herrings and metaphysical sci-fi mumbo-jumbo
It is a film that wants to be profound but it ends up feeling more like a lesser episode of The X Files.
[Director Kelly] ventures boldly into the ludicrous, and comes out the other side with an even more sinister conclusion.
All moral conflicts and creepy allusions are lost in a barrage of ridiculous plot devices, and a story that makes absolutely no sense...
For those willing to follow Kelly down all the rabbit holes his warped imagination contrives, there are small treasures to be found here and there.
...promises more than it delivers, ultimately providing a muddled narrative that does nothing to convince us of its moral positions.
What is supposed to suggest a state of discomfort and unease feels more disjointed and frustrating than anything, and what's meant to be menacing soon turns laughable.
The acting is stiff, the special effects look cheap and the dialogue is unintentionally funny.
For the first half-hour the movie is engagingly mystifying in a David Lynch vein. Subsequently it modulates into a piece of didactic transcendental science-fiction in the manner of The Day the Earth Stood Still and Close Encounters.
The Box is by no means as indigestible as Southland Tales, and there's as much to relish as there is to groan at.
The most disturbing thing here is the yellow, oval-patterned 1970s wallpaper
A potentially clever idea becomes a pretentious trip into the director's own obsessions.
...I walked into a Cameron Diaz film expecting to be treated to shlock, and concluded that I had just witnessed the rebirth of the classical sci-fi/thriller.
Movie Marmite. Many will be perplexed. Donnie Darko fans should lap it up.
While it's true that the film's sci-fi antics are far from watertight in the logic department, there's enough eccentricity and ambition at play to charm and bemuse in equal measure.
Think very carefully before you attempt to unlock the mysteries of The Box. There is no going back, you cannot undo your decision, you will never get back those 115 minutes, and by the horrifying end, those same 115 minutes will feel like a life sentence.
The clueless and overreaching ambition which has started to characterise [Richard Kelly's] cinematic failures comes into play again.
This film just goes interminably on and on, like some pop video to a prog rock track from hell, padding things out to feature length with all sorts of incredible gibberish and extraneous nonsense.
Kelly's obsessions are not entirely like anyone else's, which is a recommendation of sorts, and he shoots more beautifully than ever, which is another. I won't give up on him when his films are still this richly textured and high on their own ideas.
Sinister, tense and at times ridiculous, The Box is a warped genre piece - Kelly's homage to 1970s science-fiction, with all the wobbly effects, timid housewives and pseudo-religious imagery that suggests.
A certain faecal word certainly sums up the artistic merits of The Box, a tedious and often excruciating production from Donnie Darko director Richard Kelly.
So shudder to think what [Matheson would] make of this dogs' dinner of an adaptation by Richard Kelly, a shambles rivalled only by the writer-director's own Southland Tales.
Richard Kelly returns with a tense, unnerving and jumpy thriller. It loses focus towards the end, but Donnie Darko has just entered The Twilight Zone.
This cosmic joke isn't as bad as Kelly's previous picture, Southland Tales, but it's still a total mess, even if it is a stylish looking one.
People start wandering about in a zomboid fashion but no one notices. The acting deteriorates into overwrought melodramatics. The plot gets sillier and sillier, and makes less and less sense. The Box should be taken away in one, and speedily buried.
Richard Kelly's Donnie Darko made him famous, but to judge by this unhappy mess he's having trouble confirming his talent.
The Box is based on a 10-page short story and, while it was successfully adapted for a one-hour episode of The Twilight Zone, there's not enough for a feature, let alone one lasting two-hours.
A shame, then, that a film that starts with asking such a definite question, to push the button or not, should end so vaguely that it fails to push ours.
A lot of stuff about Nasa, Mars exploration and amateur theatre - Sartre's Huis Clos and its glowing chestnut adages ("Hell is other people") - add to the film's richness or, depending on opinion, its overcooked confusion.
The single question I wanted to ask was: how many more times will a studio allow Richard Kelly to commit career suicide?
The 1976 setting is nicely evoked in some hideously familiar wallpaper, fashion choices and facial hair but the film never feels more than a convoluted shaggy dog story stretched out over a very long two hours.
Kelly maintains a suitably creepy atmosphere throughout and the frequently twisty plot is both intriguing and unpredictable, at least in the first half.
While it's fascinating and twisty, with a wonderfully creepy atmosphere, it's also pretentious and overwrought.
Nowhere near as bad as the hype suggests - although if you're in the mood for something straightforward, this is not for you.
With excellent period detail, it's a high-concept premise deftly handled by the director and beautifully played by Diaz and Marsden who turns out to be a bit of an acting revelation.
A heartfelt, brain-bending mystery just slippery enough for answers to remain tantalisingly out of reach.
There's plenty to like in a film that proves Richard Kelly's touch hasn't deserted him after Southland Tales' critical and commercial battering.
This box needed a STOP button.
An allegorical hash that fails as often as it succeeds in articulating its one core, coherent point: we are as moral as our options.
The only way to get your money's worth out of The Box is to walk away from the ticket counter without paying.
...writer/director Richard Kelly effectively evokes the feel of a '70s paranoia thriller by stressing images and sequences of an increasingly unsettling nature.
all at once an engrossing genre piece, an exceptional exercise in expansive adaptation, and a complex moral allegory, so that this is a Box that requires a lot of unpacking - which of course makes it the gift that keeps on giving...
Outlandish embellishments serve as annoying distractions to a perfectly good premise in this disappointing thriller.
A box full of boredom.
Kelly, king of dumbed-down nihilism, takes a short Twilight Zone TV episode, "Button, Button," and extends it unendurably...
The choice is yours, but I suggest you push that button for your ticket and see The Box in theaters.
A cool, philosophical mindfreak.
This hokum might have been entertaining if Kelly could have somehow made this "Twilight Zone" material more credible.
The first half is a brilliantly realized exercise in sustained tension; the suspense fades as the story becomes increasingly bizarre...
A Richard Matheson story is a good place to start, but boy did this screenplay lose direction. By the third act, a good story becomes totally laughable, including nose-bleeding zombies. Paul Chambers, CNN.
One of those thrillers that, looking back on it, has some plot ribbons with frayed, fuzzy ends. Just not quite sharp-edged enough to open doors to images and fears in your head you never knew were there, but now want desperately to lock up.
Both its imagination and its ambition sprint far beyond anything offered in the creatively neutered likes of Disney's A Christmas Carol or Law Abiding Citizen.
Whatever you do, do not accept delivery of The Box, a package that doesn't know where it is going nor how to get there.
First-semester social-science students would wince at the overreaching metaphors in Donnie Darko director Richard Kelly's latest Rorschach test.
Riffing on a Twilight Zone-themed morality tale, writer/director Richard Kelly ("Donnie Darko") sets the table for a three-course meal of supernatural events but serves up an anemic narrative entree instead.
Kelly has talent, but for his next movie, he might try coming down to earth and forgetting about the people who control the lightning.
Impales itself on the smug awareness of how stuffed full of extraordinarily twisty ideas it is, without bothering to make sure that those ideas add up to anything halfway worthwhile.
As fresh and imaginative as a well made "Twilight Zone" episode.
[T]he ambition of the movie makes it sort of intriguing, too, even if it fails -- spectacularly -- in the end...
Not without interest, The Box opens to a collection of scenes that work and scenes that don't.
I think Kelly is a very inventive writer and I think he is his own worst enemy behind the camera.
I think that Richard Kelly, from one film to the next, has gone in some very interesting and sometimes puzzling directions.
Kelly, as he did in Donnie Darko, avoids obvious scare techniques. Instead, he makes the bizarre, the surreal, and the frightening emerge from normal reality.
An interesting subtext occurs with this particular "box." More than just rude slang for a woman's genitalia, the title points to the fact that in this story, it's only the ladies who misbehave. Issues, Mr. Kelly?
What The Box resembles most, in fact, is a distended episode of "The Simpsons"' annual Halloween special.
...phantasmagorical, dark, drear, and troubling, it kept me involved and thinking about it long after...that's a good definition of an entertaining movie.
Creepy thriller too confusing for kids, awful for adults.
The best thing about the movie is that, if Kelly was really aiming to please the average popcorn-munchers, he fails. He can't help it.
Anyone going into "The Box" expecting a simple everyday thriller surely will be surprised with what they get--a dismal, morally complicated piece of sci-fi surrealism.
The dude behind Donnie Darko and kid from Richmond's South Side has crafted the kind of movie that will have some diggin' its trippy cosmic karma, and others trashing its gimmick gone wild.
I KNEW I had seen this somewhere before.
Even with its occasional lapses into random weirdness, it remains watchable and engaging, often suspenseful, even creepy.
Has stylish production values and a somewhat creepy performance by the talented Frank Langella, but it's often too lazily constructed, unimaginative and lacking much-needed suspense.
Never has Richard Matheson's visionary work been so badly served! This is foolish, maudlin, confusing, pretentious poppycock.
...a case of half-hearted ambition, if there is such a thing. Kelly fails, but the problem is he doesn't fail big enough.
An overlong mess of a movie that's nevertheless eerie and unsettling. You walk away from it feeling befuddled, but definitely weirded-out.
Do yourself a favor and find the original 30 minute Twilight Zone episode of The Box and watch that instead.
A sequence shot in the Boston Public Library (even though the film is set in Virginia) is creepier than anything in the splatterporn movies that pass for horror these days.
The Box is an enigma in modern Hollywood. I am actually pretty surprised it was allowed to make it through the system, though I am very happy that it did.
The thriller fluctuates wildly in tone and levels of exposition, featuring some effective concepts and scenes, but just as many moments that are poorly constructed or unnecessary.
The first forty-five minutes does stay straightforward and (in the best possible sense of the word) conventional. Then all kinds of crazy break out.
After a slightly promising start, this great-looking but ultimately deeply confusing and unscary sci-fi/horror opus turns into a quite boring rehash of M. Night Shyamalan's post-Signs films.
Parental Content Review
Sincere and sinister and inevitably ambitious.
If you make a preposterous movie that isn't boring, I count that as some kind of a triumph.
A confounding sci-fi mystery on one level and a tortured existential treatise on the other, pondering the nature of man in relation to God.
Badly paced, plotted, directed and acted, the film really defies understanding how and why anyone other than Kelly not only would want to see it, but would make it in the first place.
The audience is subject to a constant tone of foreboding danger, but The Box is more tease than delivery.
The Box is a fantastically made thriller that brilliantly captures the tone of the 70's and makes you ponder in a negative way about humanity.
The Box...breezes right past slick, pre-packed sci-fi to find a resting place somewhere in the outlandish and exceedingly eccentric world of artists so true to themselves that their work inspires and infuriates in equal measure.
A movie whose reach far exceeds its maker's grasp of where this story is going or what it's really about. The longer it goes on, the less sense (or suspense) it has to offer.
Some directors, it must be said, only have one really good movie in them. We're starting to worry that Richard Kelly may be among this select group.
An ethically rich drama about the mystery of not knowing, greed, responsibility, free will, and altruism.
What seems on the surface to be just another hacky sellout from a once-interesting filmmaker on the commercial skids is actually one of the most genuinely freaky and fascinating films of the year.
Some of Kelly's ambition is folly, but when he fails, he fails big. This is one of my favorite films of the year.
At best, this is an artsy indie film that would have played better on a smaller, more intimate scale with no name actors tearing their hearts out on the screen.
The premise of this morality tale is interesting and the set-up intriguing, but after the first real, the movie falls apart and crashes under the burden of pretentious allegorical meanings.
This picture moved me and made me think, and while the items on the filmmaker's mind aren't exactly earth shattering to me they were deeply affecting all the same.
Like in the better moments of Donnie Darko, Kelly serves up suspense and dread - until he moves into act three by sending his story into a nebulous orbit.
What's intended to be a trippy, philosophical sci-fi parable winds up more overwrought than unsettling.
This is easily [Kelly's] most accessible movie, but it's also his least involving.
Richard Kelly's convoluted moral thriller gets off to a terrifically eerie start but collapses beneath the weight of its Big Ideas.
"Much weirder and more serious than it appears to be in the ads."
Steven Poster's chilly photography, the Bernard Hermann-esque score by the Arcade Fire, the quiet malice of Frank Langella... knowing that these things lie within 'The Box,' why wouldn't you take a chance and open it?
Goes off on a bunch of wild, convoluted tangents that don't add up and grow sillier by the minute. By the time nosebleed epidemics, watery portals and NASA experiments are added into the mix, the picture has walked off a ledge it never recovers from.
While visually arresting and peculiar enough to hold your interest, in the end it proves to be pretty empty inside.
Richard Kelly just can't seem to catch lightning again -- especially not in this empty Box.
The critical consensus is still out on Kelly, and The Box will do nothing to settle the ongoing argument regarding his ability to coalesce his wild conceits into digestible narratives.
Instead of sweeping you along, The Box just sits there like something unclaimed at lost and found. Damaged goods.
Kelly tries to gather so many ideas under this movie's umbrella: He has strong ideas about the necessity of compassion in everyday life. He wonders what awaits us after death. But he can't flesh out all of these ideas properly, or even haphazardly.
There's very little meat on the bones of this movie that's little more than an extended 'Twilight Zone' episode at best and a Stephen King TV movie at worst.
Have you ever actually tried watching paint dry? A sloth walk? Grass grow? You can have all the thrills with none of the chills courtesy of The Box, the painfully sluggish new sci-fi morality play from Donnie Darko creator Richard Kelly.
The Box is a dreary and engaging brain trip into the world of Richard Kelly. This is where he's comfortable, this is where he succeeds and this is where he triumphs.
"The Box" looks like a fairly nifty package of premise and paranoia until Kelly unpacks it, and a lot of both the fun and fear go out of the film as you feel it stumble towards the finish line and realize it's stuffed with recycled goods.
Sci-fi lovers should find it risible, and those who devalue the genre will have their biases confirmed.
It's not slick, standard sci-fi, sure -- and that's a good thing.
While there are some imaginative effects and spooky moments (as well as a few hackneyed sci-fi touches) the whole thing gets pretty silly at times, and the mystery is never fully resolved.
as it was with Kelly's last film, the widely despised, decade-defining Southland Tales, The Box never allows you to get your hands completely around it
Though his narrative's morality-play suspense and Bernard Herrmann-esque score recall Hitchcock, Kelly seems to have selected the '70s so that he can fully channel early-years Steven Spielberg.
What button, on whose box, did Kelly push to get the money to make this awful, preposterous thriller?
Kelly's most accessible ambiguous odyssey to date, The Box dares you to open it up again and again.
The Box lacks the poetry and elegance of Darko, and at times mistakes randomness for mystery, however a good cast and pace mean those who enjoy debating what they just saw will have plenty to work over.
Regrettably, and despite a lot of effects -- including those watery tentacles he seems so fond of -- Kelly delivers a Big Reveal that is, frankly, boring.
The movie gives the impression of being pasted together from many different parts rather than presented as a cohesive whole.
The interesting thing about Richard Kelly's films is that in none of them do you know exactly what's happening, and it does not really matter, because there is such a wealth of imagination there. I found it very impressive.
Like Donnie Darko, The Box's eerily effective atmosphere of paranoid conspiracy would not hold up to too much scrutiny. Fans of that twisted sci-fi conundrum will need no further encouragement to see this follow-up in the same vein.
Certain parts of it are maddeningly inspired. The sum of all its parts will just make you mad.
The pic reveals the hazards of taking Twilight Zone material too far and too seriously.
Although an improvement on Southland Tales, Richard 'Donnie Darko' Kelly's cryptic moody thriller has a far-fetched premise that is not helped by a script filled with holes.
A moody antidote to the freakshow of Southland Tales, The Box feels like Richard Kelly's spiritual sequel to Donnie Darko -- foreboding and off-kilter, it's a late-night riff on '70s sci-fi that confirms the director as an original.
A logically impaired, hyperbolic mess that darts from one high-concept idea to another as flowingly, and painfully, as someone with a bladder infection.
It may fall short of Donnie Darko's clever storytelling, but for his third feature film, Kelly plays confidently with suspense and lays down the right hooks at the right time to keep you drawn into his creepy world.




@highlight

Imaginative but often preposterous, The Box features some thrills but largely feels too piecemeal.