Even though Black Nativity feels a little cluttered early on, a strong third act leaves the audience with the clarity of a more satisfying high note (and I mean that literally; a cover of the Stevie Wonder classic "As" plays over the closing credits).
"Black Nativity," loosely based on a play by Langston Hughes, is brought beautifully to life by writer/director Kasi Lemmons, a true auteur in every sense of the word.
Black Nativity is a jubilant experience.
Some devices don't work as well as others, however Kasi Lemmons has made a film that lives and breathes, even if it at times it doesn't work
To call it preachy isn't necessarily a critique; the entire film is essentially built around a closing sermon.
Defiantly simple, like earlier stage pageants based on Langston Hughes' Christmas play, Kasi Lemmons' "Black Nativity" gains power through its directness.
Jennifer Hudson sings like an angel but the movie is not up to that level storywise.
This story of seasonal healing ultimately feels too predictable and heavy-handed to bring much uplifting Christmas cheer.
All of Black Nativity proceeds with sort of clumsy obviousness.
To my eyes, Black Nativity is the cinematic equivalent of a Christmas tree ornament: shiny, hollow, sheathed in decorative, artificial linings, mass-produced and, given the cost of today's movie theater tickets, overpriced.
By the time the credits rolled, my eyes were sore from all the rolling.
You'd have to be pretty full of seasonal humbug to resist this ...
Hudson's singing and Whitaker's acting compensate somewhat, but for a truly inventive and uplifting African-American piece set in New York during the Yuletide season, skip Black Nativity and watch Run-DMC's "Christmas in Hollis" music video instead.
An inept, often ludicrous, take on Langston Hughes' 1961 musical-play.
Whitaker's performance is one of only a few positives, as a film that ends on such an illusory, elaborate and downright absurd finale.
Points for dogged credulity: whether trying to pass off Times Square as Judea or Tyrese "Fast & Furious" Gibson as the Angel Gabriel, it sincerely believes it. You, of course, are at liberty not to.
There's no doubting the sincerity and there's little point in offering up cynical resistance to an all-singing, all-dancing, all-emoting gospel finale.
It's a misguided enterprise all round, and while it's perfectly possible to applaud everything the film wants to say, you find yourself cringing at the ways it's saying it.
The well-worn platitudes and pained moralising are a bit much, but the music is tremendous.
This modest little feel-good movie won't contend for any major awards (unlike Whitaker's other movie this year, 'The Butler'), but its heart is in the right place.
Lemmons' refusal to go for cheap laughs and easy uplift places her at odds with the cliched and predictable aspects of her own screenplay. The movie overall is earnest and respectful but unexciting
Despite the odd rip-roaring tune and some sturdy performances, this yuletide tale is as memorable as last year's sprouts.
Sincerely spiritual and inspirational, turning the movie theater into a church and preaching to the choir.
Familiar and worn holiday story saved by most excellent music.
Even the movie's most wretched characters glow in the Harlem lamplight.
Earnest, square and proudly evangelical, "Black Nativity" is so unusual that its rough aspects are easy to forgive.
Takes Hughes' nativity story and shoves it into the far background of a sincere but tritely told modern drama about family, faith, and redemption.
Kasi Lemmon's Black Nativity tries to be many things at once, and it's astonishing how well all of the pieces fall together.
What lingers strongly in the memory and heart is, as it should be, the sweet, celebratory sensation of song.
The bare-bones plot, propped up by redundant R&B tunes, hinges on revelations so obvious, you won't need a prophet to call them out.
A bittersweet Christmas movie with a strong black cast.
A hybrid of Hallmark Hall of Fame and Glee, Lemmons' muddled adaptation is neither fish nor fowl, a filmmaking choice that denies Black Nativity much of its emotional potential.
It's in moments like that that Black Nativity really sings; the rest of the time it operates at a familiar hum.
Its pastoral ambitions compensate for its lack of finesse.
Black Nativity is ungainly in execution, yet still infused with enough passion and reverence for Hughes' original work to be more success than failure.
There's a wealth of talent, most of it poorly used, in this disappointingly misconceived holiday offering.
Writer/director Kasi Lemmons ... wants to use Hughes to reflect on the modern day black experience, and do without the need to make it palatable for white audiences.
By the time the film reaches its biblically inspired dreamscape of a climax, "Black Nativity" qualifies as equal parts surreal and stirring.
Kasi Lemmons' contemporary adaptation is an uplifting holiday extravaganza with a musical score filled with familiar spiritual standards plus some new songs by Raphael Saadiq and Laura Karpman that underscore themes of faith, healing and family.
Almost every beat of Langston's tale, with its absent father figures and heated gun-pointing melodrama, rings false-hardly a fitting contemporary complement to the Greatest Story Ever Told.
The corny, greeting-card feel of the second half weakens what begins as a creatively rendered take on a holiday film.
Hudson soars (duh) on the vocal numbers, and Whitaker (double duh) is a tower of integrity and crushingly human. But "Black Nativity" isn't about stars, it's about unity, faith and family. As such it shines.
Black Nativity offers a whopping serving of Yuletide emotion. And it's a musical - with plenty of wailing and rapping on the side.
It's good to see Hudson in a major film again. As an actress, she's still a work in progress, but she has a commanding gift for depicting vulnerability and strength almost simultaneously.
I'm glad to see [Lemmons] working, but this tired product won't do anything for her reputation.
Black Nativity is a cut-rate musical melodrama that grafts overreaching references to black culture onto a facile family-values narrative.
Seeing Black Nativity is like an early Christmas gift. The best thing that to say about this powerful story brought to life by a first-rate cast is hallelujah.
The problem isn't that the movie wears its religious intent on its sleeve but that it uses religion as an easy, all-purpose fix to ... every problem that its characters face.
Had the execution been tighter, it would be an easy recommendation, but as is, there's no need to rush off from Thanksgiving leftovers to see it.
The melding of a modern family saga with the Nativity is too awkward and hectic to let audiences sit back and appreciate some powerhouse singers and music.
Black Nativity is an earnest slice of uplifting holiday drama that benefits from a smartly chosen cast.
Had Lemmons played more with the fantastical elements as she did in that one scene and included some powerhouse numbers to rouse one's spirits and emotions, this could have been something. (Full Content Review for Parents also available)
"Black Nativity" struggles mightily.
"Black Nativity" deepens into a rich experience once the scene shifts to the inside of a church, but it's a long time getting there.
Powered by an infusion of gospel and hip-hop that cleverly bridges gaps between generations and values.
A family-friendly, Hallmark Channel-ready musical dramatic fable whose plot more closely resembles Spike Lee's "Red Hook Summer.''
Movies are a secular church, but Forest Whitaker makes "Black Nativity" feel like an actual one.
It becomes increasingly clear that the entire movie probably should have been sung.
Loud and obnoxious.
Based on the play by poet/activist Hughes, this updated faith-based tale features rousing musical numbers and a well-meaning, if predictable, story, marked by unlikely coincidences.
The concluding scenes of redemption and reunion are tender and transcendent.
Lemmons adds themes of religious hypocrisy and the cyclical effects of poverty, but marries the two for her resolution, abandoning real answers for a fairy tale climax while her symbolic Mary and Joseph figures are left out in the cold.
It doesn't matter that not all of the songs are memorable or that the performances are of varying success, the warm-hearted Black Nativity feels tailor-made to fit with the good tidings of the season.
The singing is terrific, particularly whenever Hudson belts out a number (and there is really no other way to describe her powerhouse vocals). But the story is trite and predictable, if heartfelt.
When the people stop talking and start singing, which is what happens in most of the movie, "Black Nativity" is glorious.
"Black Nativity" has its heart in the right place, but that's simply not enough to make it a good movie.
Even though its heart is in the right place and it boasts a strong cast, it's a case of preaching--and singing--to the choir.
Kasi Lemmons' Black Nativity is a lot like a glazed holiday ham: sticky, sweet, and all too easy to mess up.
It doesn't always work as drama, but as a musical, it's often fantastic.
Whitaker's performance is the rock here. Even when the confrontations and evasions get a little ridiculous, he's neither wholly saint nor sinner, but something like a human being.
The movie doesn't weave religion into the familiar structure of a comedy or melodrama. Instead, everything works in service to the sermon at the core.
...mostly involves sermonizing of the stultifying kind.
Like a made-for-TV holiday special, it's a hug from a stranger instead of a memorable night with the family.
A first-rate cast enlivens this ambitious but syrupy holiday musical.
Works - as a musical and as a drama. It's a story that hits a universal chord: that forgiveness is the antidote to anger and the beginning of renewed connection.
The story has its origins in Hughes work, but it's been adapted, expanded and, well, heavily rewritten by director Kasi Lemmons, who apparently thought she could improve it. Yes, that's right. She thought she could improve Langston Hughes.
"Black Nativity" is such a likable and positive experience that you readily forgive its bumpy moments.
Straightforward but convincing, Black Nativity is refreshingly restrained, making it a nice counterpoint to other, noisier holiday entertainment.
Directed as if it were an after-school special, with listless performances and musical numbers (Mary J. Blige shows up as a platinum-wigged congregant), "Black Nativity" is as simple and condescending as Hughes' work was complex and demanding.
It's a sweet-natured tale that goes down smoothly, and Lemmons ("Eve's Bayou") has done an admirable job of putting a contemporary spin on the beloved Hughes seasonal favorite from the '60s.
For anyone who prefers their assertive homilies to crust over like a syrupy sweet, this loose adaptation of Langston Hughes's beloved holiday tradition will come on like a dream fulfilled.
A timeless parable as memorable for its spiritual music as for its moving message about the importance of faith and family.
Vividly staged and refreshingly light on Christmas schmaltz, writer-director Kasi Lemmons' Black Nativity reinvents poet Langston Hughes' sixties play of the same title as an engaging contemporary musical drama.
A bold but clumsy attempt to bring Langston Hughes' popular musical to life onscreen.
Corny, but well-acted -- with some players showing surprising singing chops -- and heartfelt.

@highlight

It's sweetly amiable and solidly performed, but Black Nativity suffers from director Kasi Lemmons' heavy-handed treatment of its celebrated source material.