Old soul Nikita Mikhalkov's appropriation of the 12 Angry Men template is a bloated series of harangues that feels too long even before its full 154 minutes have shuffled by.
12 is a mildly interesting exercise in cultural translation, but it's difficult to understand why the film was made.
I've sampled this core material twice now, and even left to my own devices, I'm still a hung jury.
2 1/2 hours of Russian men, middle-aged and up, stuck in one room, pontificating and pleading and challenging. Yes, that means subtitles, lots of them. Still with me? Congratulations.
Though long-winded and repetitive, there's much to like in Nikita Mikhalkov's movie.
A surprisingly energetic, kinetic and gripping film, filled with an enviable selection of great character actors.
Unlike Lumet, Mikhalkov doesn't seem to trust 12 angry (or disturbed) men in a room to pull this off.
The performances, as I say, are wonderful.
Slavic gloom and Russian dukh - a word that can be loosely translated as "cunning spirit" - permeate ...
There is a lot of material to absorb in one sitting with no breathing room as you must rapidly read the subtitles to keep up with the story.
Shot in sequence and featuring many long takes, it retains some of the feel of the television original despite the broadening of context ...
The film transforms Rose's play into a ballet of sorts. The story is as much about movement as it is about words.
Much of it is done so clumsily that the characters verge on becoming caricatures.
Those who seek a drama as provocative as it is captivating will find much to enjoy.
Never known for his restraint, Mikhalkov takes kitschy liberties with the stark drama about a jury deliberating the fate of a minority youth.
A fascinating, stylish commentary on Russian justice and the universality of prejudice set in that great crucible for great drama in the jury room.
After 159 minutes of unlikely if beautifully acted behavior, moviegoers may feel sequestered themselves.
...at least an hour too long and undermined by its own talkativeness...
Mikhalkov is probably a little too successful at re-creating the feeling of being trapped at a seemingly never-ending meeting.
Full of passion and speechifying, 12 is unmistakably Russian in spirit and sensibility, but its themes are universal at their core.
12 is every bit as much of a moral powerhouse as its predecessors but with the added bonus of being simultaneously intellectually riveting and, at times, almost indescribably poetic.
Isn't just...a curiosity; it's as genuine a reflection of the ethos of today's Russia as Lumet's picture was of the spirit of 1950s America.
The actors in 12 graduated from the Al Pacino Academy of Flying Spittle Theatrics.
The heated deliberations are a gripping analogy for Russia's turbulent mix of ethnic divisions, corruption, Western influences and idealism.
Overwrought, overlong yet mesmerizing.
The tradition of Russian stage acting enriches this satisfying update of Reginald Rose's TV play Twelve Angry Men.
Casting himself as the considerate jury foreman, Mikhalkov turns directorial confinement into a master-class of composition, performance and especially editing, as 12 crackles along for 2- 1/2 hours that grab and hold your attention.
A powerful new film inspired by a powerful older one.
After weathering the characters' windbaggery for nearly three hours, it's hard not to feel like Mikhalkov's done the same to viewers of 12.
Even if it never musters the lacerating intensity, the unsettling claustrophobia, of Lumet's original, it scores points for sheer audacity.
In the end the film is too much of a piece with its topic, intensely fascinating yet seriously flawed.
What keeps the film vital is the acting.
It's all bit wearying, especially at close to three hours. I haven't heard this much shouting in a movie since the first hour of Full Metal Jacket.
Forget it if you're hoping for some of the pleasures found in Sidney Lumet's 1957 film -- the gradual unraveling of a crime, the heroics of a single juror who persuades his fellow citizens to listen to reason.
Much about the state of the Big Bear today is revealed, and it would be unfair to deny that 12 has many cogent and sardonic insights into the country.
The film's a haul but it's imaginative and rarely dull, especially once you realize how far it has strayed in principle from its source.
Director Nikita Mikhalkov makes the well-known material fresh and new.
The stories the jurors tell, of course, are different ... filled with arguments that reference local tensions and situations possessing a distinctly Chekhovian flavor.
Aggressively entertaining without pandering to the audience...It keeps you plugged in from start to finish in its examination of what justice really means.
Rarely has the voyeuristic appeal of sitting on a jury been so cleverly expressed.
A loose remake that's not only as Russian as vodka but also a grippingly entertaining actors' showcase.
Feels less like going through the motions than returning to your favorite restaurant.
Mostly intense and provocative, but occasionally drags with too much pretentious style over substance and not enough subtlety.
A riveting Russian film that is an imaginative adaptation of the 1957 American classic 12 Angry Men.
In 12, the elements of the modest courtroom classic 12 Angry Men have been enlarged to operatic dimensions.
It's bloated, heavy-handed, and lugubrious.
Nominated for a Best Foreign Language Film Oscar in 2008, Russian actor/director Nikita Mikhalkov's masterful, engrossing 12 is finally finding its way into theaters.
nothing if not deeply Russian
Nikita Mikhalkov's 12 reconfigures Reginald Rose's 12 Angry Men for contemporary Russia, adopting the basic premise of the legendary source material while thoroughly grounding it in his homeland's current condition.
Mikhalkov's loose version of Lumet's 1957 12 Angry Men may be too long, but the literary source, Reginald Rose's old play, is suprisingly poignant when placed in a Russian context.
12 is filled with long, rambling stories by the jurors about incidents from their lives. When the jurors stick to discussing the case, the film works best.
It is well worth seeing if only for the insights into contemporary Russian society. The acting of all 12 jurors is exemplary, in both versions.
Electrifying drama about a jury at odds pays respectful homage to Sidney Lumet's classic 12 Angry Men while exposing post-Communist Russia at its worst and time-resistant human nature at its best.
A riveting Russian re-do of the Reginald Rose teleplay 12 Angry Men.
Expansively, dramatically, magnificently Russian, Nikita Mikhalkov's loose remake of 12 Angry Men plays like vintage jazz from a veteran band.
A reworking of the Lumet film but set in present-day neo-capitalist Russia.



@highlight

Loosely based on 1957's 12 Angry Men , Nikita Mikhalkov's superbly acted 12 is clever and gripping like its predecessor, but with a distinctly Russian feel.