Watch them march to the very extremes of extremis, though, and it's easy to feel awe. Life must beget life, whatever the cost.
Some of the eggs and chicks freeze, and the parents' cries are painful to hear (probably more for us than for them).
French director Luc Jacquet and a team of incredibly brave (and heavily bundled) documentary filmmakers captured this complicated mating ritual with strikingly crisp photography that's both grand and intimate.
A touch David-Attenborough-TV-special in places, but beautifully filmed and dripping with drama, joy and heartbreak.
The avian protagonists' comical ungainliness on land and deadpan manner make for adorable viewing, while the austere, glacial landscape is consistently breathtaking.
The love story may be tenuous, but the penguins are undeniably sweet and silly, sliding on their bellies, and the impossibly cute chicks offer up plenty of slapstick.
With such incredible subject matter, March Of The Penguins cannot help but hold the attention. It's impossible not to warm to the penguins.
It set the bar high for future documentaries.
plays like a high-end Discovery Channel special, but it's compelling and beautiful just the same, exuding a love for its subject matter that's infectious
...a glorious documentary about the remarkable mating cycle of "emperor" penguins.
Did I love it? No. Did I like it? Sure.
This astonishing film, shot in the Antarctic, captures sights never seen before.
It's a rather offensively human-centered approach to what should be a mystifying and beautiful experience.
Birth, death, romance, danger: All play a role in Jacquet's homage to a remarkably endearing creature.
Though it seems like a somewhat wasted opportunity to shed some light on these creatures, you can't fault Mr. Jacquet for his efforts.
Director Jacquet has cleverly figured out a way to anthropomorphise his wondrous, web-footed subjects, as they deal with hunger, rejection, loss, loneliness, and sensuality.
Morgan Freeman's slick voice-over compounds a slightly plodding structure, but the dedication of the penguins -- and the cameramen -- assure your wonderment.
Director Luc Jacquet captures some remarkable nature shots, getting up close and documenting the entire frigid process, yet the film itself plays like little more than a PBS special.
It's a missed opportunity to make a great documentary, but still decent family entertainment, with awe-inspiring Antarctic scenery and some very cute stars.
March of the Penguins is a staggeringly beautiful film about the breeding cycle of the toughest birds on Earth, the emperor penguins of Antarctica.
A miracle of a film, March of the Penguins is one of the year's joys. This extraordinary glimpse into the life of the emperor penguins is far more than a story of survival: it is a unique love story of immense proportions.
To human observers, the ways in which animal behavior variously resembles or contrasts with human behavior is an inexhaustible source of fascination.
Contando com dois diretores de fotografia, A Marcha dos Pingüins traz um cenário impressionante, com suas geleiras imensas e a sempre fascinante aurora austral.
This is a beautifully shot film that takes you on an emotional roller-coaster of a ride, combining moments of comedy as the chicks attempt to walk for the first time with tragedy as predators swoop for the kill.
Anthropomorphic study with brilliant cinematography
Beautiful, stimulating and painstaking.
The film goes beyond a nature movie with excellent photography and the determination of the animals it documents.
Who would've guessed that one of the hottest summer movies takes place in Antarctica and stars penguins?
Luc Jacquet's March Of The Penguins is, astoundingly, the second most successful documentary ever made.
...as beautiful a documentary of its type as you'll ever see...reminding us again of Nature's complexity and its indomitable will to survive.
Secondly, it's been horribly sanitised, as if all the good bits have been removed for a pre-watershed TV screening. We do, in fact, get to see penguins doing it, but the narration neglects to mention it, lest children in the audience start asking
We know a documentary about penguins will be entertaining simply because they're so silly ... [but this] is not, actually, that exceptional.
[A] dream visit to the zoo. You aren't actually there, but you couldn't see more than this movie shows you if you were.
The glacially beautiful new documentary March Of The Penguins confirms that no computer-animated or hand-drawn penguin could ever match the curious majesty of the genuine article.
A perfect family movie, a perfect date movie, and one of the most eye-ravishing documentaries ever made.
Reflects Jacquet's equal love for nature and film.
In the Antarctic, where the southern lights weave through the skies like hallucinogenic ribbons, the emperor penguins endure.
Makes a pretty good date film, really, it's quite romantic.
It has everything, sex, death, blood, drama and very fascinating creatures...
Amazing documentary.
Though the narrative is very narrowly focused --I was happy to have basked in arctic cuteness for 80 minutes.
March is an overblown National Geographic special, but it's also a breath of fresh air to rid multiplexes of the rank stench of the worst summer Hollywood has ever had.
Superficially it is a human-angled story, ultimately I was ornithopomorphized myself.
For genuine drama, action, and emotion, the docu March of the Penguins is better than all of Hollywood's actioners; no wonder it's breaking box-office records
One of the most entertaining films all summer.
[T]hese odd birds... have a story, as a species, that's weirder and more wonderful than you could ever have imagined.
Above all, Morgan Freeman tells us, this is a story of love. But some might leave saying it's about the futility of life's never-ending struggles.
A film that gives us an unprecedented look at one of nature's miracles.
It's invariably engaging, entertaining and occasionally moving -- something quite rare for a nature documentary.
Focusing on the traits and emotions of animals untouched by civilization, March of the Penguins makes the natural world look like science fiction.
Prior to this summer's unlikely sleeper hit March of the Penguins, the most famous pop-culture penguin was probably Opus.
Might just be the best movie music of the year thus far.
The cuteness of the penguins and the amazing photography make this nature documentary a stand out
One of a handful of great nature documentaries that transcend the podium with fact made poetic.
Une réussite visuelle incontestable qui témoigne d'un travail acharné et surtout passionné
Shows how well a subject can be examined, analyzed, judged and expressed -- simply by leaving it alone.
Enthralling ...And yes, the close-ups of the baby penguins -- roly-poly masses of fluffy gray feathers crowned by miniature black-and-white masks -- are undeniably adorable.
Documentaries are the surprise hits of the summer, and none is scoring bigger than Luc Jacquet's wondrous look at the emperor penguins of Antarctica.
Kids in particular, should get caught up in this top-notch animal adventure.
Critics seem to be reviewing the penguins, proof positive that the film's grammar-school machinations have worked.
The movie easily transcends the 'Isn't-that-amazing?' animal genre.
'March of the Penguins' is worth seeing, and short enough not to be a chore ... could be the finest penguin documentary you'll ever have seen.
Had it been more interested in informing us than in telling a cute story, I wouldn't have been left disappointed in all of the questions it didn't answer.
Contains not only all the stunning cinematography you would expect, but also more character and heart than half the movies you will see this summer.
The march of Antarctica's emperor penguins is among nature's incredible journeys.
It's an incredible tale of ritual and perseverance, both for the emperor penguin and the untouched land, sparkling white and aqua, pristine and brutal.
Experience these exceptional animals.
A film of beautiful simplicity that left me spellbound...Nothing short of magical.
Almost as miraculous as the birds on which is focuses, March of the Penguins is an astonishing gem of a documentary.
Sometimes the simplest conflicts are the best ones...The result is a film that packs more emotion than anything I have seen in at least a couple of years.
Fathers of Iowa, don't take this too personally but you pale in comparison to the emperor penguins of Antarctica.
...it may be one of the most amazing experiences you'll have in a theater this year.
It's refreshing to see a movie featuring animals where they don't talk and your kids can't get their likeness free with a Happy Meal.
Cute as a puppy in a sundress...
A wonderfully moving nature film that is both informative and entertaining.
... cameras capture, in indelible detail, the delicate interplay among the penguins, capturing both their whimsical, waddling clowning and their graceful nobility.
One can only imagine the hardships cinematographers Laurent Chalet and Jerome Maison must have endured gathering this footage in the harsh - often 50 below zero - weather.
Yes, this is nature anthropomorphized. But after seeing this touching and beautiful film, you might not be so quick to dismiss that 'They're a lot like us' point of view.
This is a simple work expertly made, starring the cutest creatures on Earth.
The film is at its best when it simply revels in the astonishing story of a stoic battle for everyday survival.
As the doc shows, they're a miraculous species, capable of extreme heroism, self-sacrifice, sorrow and unshakable love.
Mr. Jacquet's magnificent exploration of the tortured life-and-love cycle of the noble emperor penguin soars as one of the most passionate and perceptive expressions of interspecies empathy in the history of the cinema.
If you loved "Winged Migration," you'll enjoy this eye-popping, endearing nature documentary too.
Morgan Freeman should be movieland's all-time narrator.
Lovely to look at but penguins waddling cross country for 80 minutes is a bit of a hard sell.
When I go to the movies, I expect to have an experience. This is just a TV show -- admittedly a quality one -- but a TV show nonetheless.
Boasts awesome photography -- this is a National Geographic production, which in part explains it.
The mating cycle of the Emperor Penguin of Antarctica involves incredible dedication, courage, and effort. So I am sure did making this documentary.
The original, primal charge of movies was their ability to take audiences somewhere they'd never been and show them things they'd never have seen on their own. March of the Penguins recaptures some of that long-ago wonder.
Penguins, as the stirring new Antarctic documentary March of the Penguins makes clear, aren't cuddly.
Jacquet's penguins are as absorbing and incredible as any man-made phantasmagoria you'll find in the multiplex this summer, and it's all real.
This film's understated declaration of marital and parental dependence proves eloquent and stirring.
A tale of loyalty hard-tested and hard-earned, a sumptuous travelogue, and a reminder that some of the critters with whom we share the planet are, in ways, as complex in their feelings as any human being.
It's not a stretch to say these penguins experience recognizable emotions such as grief, jealousy, pride and plain old romance. Who knew?
Watching March of the Penguins only reminds us of just how shallow and shoddy the character development and overall level of storytelling in mainstream film has fallen.
I decided long ago that I needed no further proof that animals have souls. But if I did need some, I could find it in March of the Penguins.
A triumph of pure instinct and sheer poetry.
Jacquet's obvious reverence for his subject turns the propagation of a species into a grand love story.
For the emperor penguin, celibacy is not an option.
takes this most improbable of creatures, breeding in the most improbable of places and doesn't just celebrate them, he positively exalts them
For some reason, people love penguins. And March gives them plenty reason
Jacquet manipulates emotions with a zeal that seems unnecessary.
A film filled with scenes of humor, suspense and stunning beauty.
A rousing affirmation of nature's brilliance in the face of environmental challenge.
Even if you have somehow managed to resist penguin charm or never given them a second thought, March will leave you amazed at the nobility of the human -- I mean, animal -- spirit.
An amazingly photographed and inescapably fascinating documentary about the life and struggles of emperor penguins.
A brilliant tour of nature at its most unnervingly beautiful.
Who would have thought romantic paradise could be found in Antarctica?
Adults can be moved, informed, and amazed without cloying music or cutesy montages to ruin it
Documentary about the trials and tribulations of mating emperor penguins is well made, even if Morgan Freeman's voice-over is a bit overdone.
"March of the Penguins" is exquisite to behold, but what makes this a truly great film is its emotional impact.
The cuteness rating of the subjects of this documentary is off the charts.
When they fall over, they do it with a remarkable lack of style. And for all the walking they do, they're ungainly waddlers. Yet they are perfect in their way, with sleek coats, grace in the water and heroic determination.
Everything a nature film should be: breathtaking, heartbreaking, soul-inspiring.
A gentle film about somewhat alien beings, who entertain us by creating instead of destroying.
Few cinematic moments this year will be more moving than a scene of hundreds of besotted penguins, speed-dating to decide who they should mate with in order to make their contribution to life on this tiny planet.
Comes with the shapely narrative of such animated classics as Bambi and The Lion King, and yet the penguins are all quite real.
The emperor penguin waddles forth as an exemplar of family values in first-time director Luc Jacquet's quiet, engrossing documentary.
Yes kids, we're talking penguin sex. How awesome is that?
The crazy thing about Luc Jacquet's National Geographic Feature Films documentary March of the Penguins is that I learned more about Emperor Penguins and their lifecycle from the production notes than I did from the picture itself.
March of the Penguins is an astonishing and irresistible documentary set in the frozen no-man's-land of Antarctica.
There's more drama, and more heartbreak, in March of the Penguins than in most movies that are actually scripted to tug at our feelings.
What makes MARCH OF THE PENGUINS such a fascinating film to watch is the thought that someone was crazy enough to actually go and film it.
A loving portrait of a gorgeous, awkward creature that, in some ways, is remarkably similar to human beings, and in other ways couldn't be further from us.
The cinematography is exquisite, especially the long, lingering looks at Antarctica -- a splendidly desolate stretch of land rarely seen by human eyes.
Jacquet has made an absorbing, visually spectacular film.
Mostly upbeat, visually stunning and in awe of the resiliency and loyalty of its subjects.
It instills a deep reverence for the unforgiving power of nature and the stubborn resilience of life.
Makes you feel like a child again -- curious, excited and enraptured by a story that has nothing to do with humans.
Kids might blanch at some of the more upsetting images, but ultimately the movie will delight and uplift more families than it will scare.
Jacquet's visionary insight, aided by funding from National Geographic Feature Films, is beautiful and sensual in its compassionate handling of the penguins' plight as well as in portraying the conditions in which the birds must eke out an existence.
A delightful, wholesome experience for the family.
With this picture and 'Magadascar,' the penguins are enjoying a banner cinematic summer...most viewers will find it enthralling.
You'll never look at the penguins in Madagascar quite the same way again.
This has the look and feel of a top-notch special on cable, but not a feature film. I can't recommend that viewers spend nine or ten bucks on something that will play perfectly well eventually on TV.
Stunning documentary.
March of the Penguins captivates with its straightforward but powerful story of dogged determination, survival against harsh odds and sacrifice.
Reservations aside, Jacquet's film is an extraordinary document of life at nature's extremes.
Children will love it, and parents will feel inclined to never again complain about such minor human complaints as 2 a.m. feedings, messy bedrooms or purloined car keys.
The penguins look remarkably graceful when they crane their necks over one another or exchange gentle, seemingly loving beak-taps.
These birds are naturally photogenic, intrinsically comical, and frankly adorable.
It's easy on the eye and interesting for adults but misses the mark in appealing to all ages
The film could also be seen silent because the images are so striking, so haunting and so exquisite that these pictures do speak for themselves on a primal level.
Through the narration and editing that emphasizes the human-like behaviour of the penguins, March of the Penguins sets up sentimental expectations that are abruptly undermined by scenes of nature's brutality.
This heartwarming documentary covers a chilly subject: the love life of the emperor penguin.
Aside from constantly wondering how Jacquet's team pulled off capturing a never-ending series of amazing shots, you're left with the constant, inescapable thought that it ain't easy being a penguin.
It's an amazing story, and director Luc Jacquet brings it to the screen in astonishing close-up
A remarkable, eye-popping nature documentary.
You'd have to be inhuman not to adore March of the Penguins.
This documentary is every bit as beautiful as Winged Migration only with more emotion as you watch the survival of the fittest and cutest.
Except for the part where sometimes leopard seals eat them, penguins are just like you and me.
You'll learn, quite frankly, that penguins have a really tough life.
Both astonishing and rather painful
A loving ode to the life-altering (and at times life-threatening) dedication and devotion of parents
It's impossible to watch the emperor penguins in Luc Jacquet's sentimental but riveting documentary without feeling a tug of anthropomorphic kinship.
Packed with more romance and nail-biting adventure than a summer of tent-pole movies.
The stoic, resolute heroes and heroines of Luc Jacquet's March of the Penguins captivate the viewer.
an admirable documentary with many beautiful images, but...the filmmakers' urge to anthropomorphize their subject...makes the penguins' incredible struggle a bit of a drag
Beautifully shot film.
Leaves you wondering how they were able to capture such an amazing natural wonder on film
Extraordinary story.
Jacquet has made a film possessed of an intimacy that seems unfilmable.
This G-rated charmer will make a guiltless and educational outing for parents of grade-schoolers...even if it does tenaciously anthropomorphize the cute, wee wobblers.
A fascinating insight into a species about which we know little that is loving, compassionate and unforgettable.
An extraordinary French documentary on the lives and habits of Emperor Penguins in Antarctica: it is a wonder to behold!
The Central Park Zoo is cheaper, you can walk away from the penguins after 10 minutes, and it has snow monkeys and beer.
...(M)ind-boggling things captured on film from the beginning of their trek to the end. The result is a film of something never before seen, and not soon forgotten.
footage of heart-stopping beauty and a story of poignance, inspiration, and resilience.
[This] thoroughly enjoyable movie is a triumph of documentary filmmaking.
Luc Jacquet's exquisitely shot eye-of-God study of a year in the lives of these distinctive birds is a nature film built with a feel for the epic and a love of operatic narrative.
A real charmer even if it's no Winged Migration.
An enthralling documentary of uncompromising charm and splendor.
The story is quiet, but the process and mere fact of species survival is majestic.
Like fat little men and women wobbling home after a night of hardcore drinking, these little buggers don't have to try very hard to be cute.
No-one has heretofore captured penguin life with such aplomb.
Émilie Simon's music is as cute as the little baby penguins.
The inventive use of well-written and acted voice-overs and the technical sleekness of this work makes one hungry for more.
[The] spirit-lifting finale will delight auds hearty enough to brave the journey.




@highlight

Only the most hardened soul won't be moved by this heartwarming doc.