An energised, and by turns spectacular, return for the tetchy one though, which suggests, particularly by its open-ended finale, that there is a healthy future in store for its temperamental protagonist.
The Incredible Hulk is the best kind of summer popcorn movie. Just let loose your inner green geek and Hulk out.
Before his initial transformation inside the bottling plant where he works, Banner warns, "Something bad is about to happen." He's right.
The climax is a bit of a yawn, but most of what precedes it is vigorous and sharp.
It's disposable fun, best summed up by Banner himself when asked how he feels during his transformation: "There's just too much noise... it's difficult to remember anything at all."
A very standard summer actioner that delivers reasonably well, if straight down the middle, on audience expectations.
Norton makes for a wiry, curious Bruce Banner. But you can tell from the film's tedium-inducing smackdowns that a different philosophy prevailed: the artificial Zen of video-game playing.
A more satisfactory adaptation of the spirit of Stan Lee's Marvel character.
An impressive blockbuster that does exactly what it says.
Bloodier action than other comic book adventures.
Hulk not smash. Hulk building block. Hulk make franchise.
This high-intensity rage and the resultant property damage are not just interesting metaphors: they're boffo entertainment.
It won't change your life but you'll walk away smiling.
Leterrier is nowhere near Lee as a craftsman, but he's much more comfortable with the demands of lowbrow genre filmmaking.
What's with the pants? How is it that when a guy with a 28-inch waist blows up to the size of a Cadillac Escalade, the pants remain intact?
About halfway through The Incredible Hulk, Ed Norton (Bruce Banner) gets his hair cut. Hair is not the only thing that winds up on the cutting room floor.
What Hulk smash most? Hulk smash all hope of interesting time in cinema.
The film runs much more smoothly than Lee's arguably overstuffed take on the material, but it also cuts out anything that isn't purely surface.
There's not an excess of exposition, and the pricey CGI Hulk at his disposal is more angrily expressive than the mute one employed by Lee.
The Incredible Hulk makes noises about a return, but it seems doubtful audiences will keep the faith for a third try -- at least, with Hulk as the sole star.
Marvel's Hulk reboot delivers plenty of Hulk-based action and several fan-pleasing moments, though it's let down by an underwritten script.
All in all, The Incredible Hulk is a satisfying trip into the green unknown of man's anger.
This is everything a Hulk movie should be, and it's likely to become the surprise hit of the summer season.
Rather than go to the trouble of crafting a dramatically satisfying conclusion, The Incredible Hulk" blows the audience off and takes the air out of its previous solid work by ending with what is essentially a shameless trailer for the next Marvel movie.
From its tropical anger management to a strictly platonic not so incredible hunk, this heavy on the muscle mass and light on the drama Hulk is not exactly new and improved, but does work its own brand of differently conceived mega-action magic.
This is a broody, moody action movie that never quite gets the blood boiling.
Leterrier has achieved some of the best action sequences ever, but not at a human cost, which is really remarkable in a summer comic book blockbuster like this.
There comes a point when all this action starts to feel a bit mechanical.
The film does stand on it's own two feet, thanks mainly to Norton who should have demanded having Banner run a little more, and Hulk smash a little less.
An improvement over the first Hulk feature, it is still a far cry from the qualify of work achieved with Iron Man.
To sum up, all the deeply ruminative dialogue you need here is: 'Box-office smash!' Still, thanks especially to Norton, this Hulk is credible.
In close-up the Hulk is more cartoonish than scary, but when he's ripping armed vehicles to shreds? Kewl.
[An] enjoyable aspects of the re-boot is that Norton's Bruce Banner seems so physically frail, that when he finally lets his inner beast out, the contrast is striking.
The Hulk is one of Marvel Comics more unsuccessfully developed superheroes. He is more of a scared animal striking out at his tormentors rather than a thinking being that acts with a conscience.
Leterrier's reboot might be a tighter, more coherent movie than Ang Lee's freaky-deaky, artsy-fartsy 2003 Hulk. But it's also way less interesting.
But if you love crap it's what you might well want as you wait for the better movies of this summer to come.
I'm still not too enthusiastic about the character, but the film is fast-paced, well-acted, and captures that elusive 'comic book feel.'
Do we really need another Hulk, following so closely on the very large heels of Ang Lee's 2003 action adventure with the conflicted Marvel comic book superhero. As it turns out, yes, we do.
Yes, this Incredible Hulk gets very angry, and fortunately for comic fans, you'll like him when he's angry.
We get just about the right amount of science-speak and emotional longing from Banner and Betty between brawls.
Variety wins the day: You might see Hulk fighting in an airy green pasture or a nighttime metropolis, and the villains change and develop throughout the film, rendering it redundancy-free.
The sheer craft directors such as Leterrier lavish on them is awesome to me. I can't imagine how they orchestrate all the little pieces of film they require to build their big set pieces... [But] Why do they bother?
It's one long chase punctuated by explosive, demolishing set pieces. Like the, uh, "man" says, "Hulk smash." "Hulk" is going to be a smash.
The Incredible Hulk is often loud, and it can be quite dumb, but it's certainly not bloated.
THE INCREDIBLE HULK is a darker and grimmer superhero film with a more tragic hero than we have seen of late from the Marvel films.
The movie is fun enough, and it satisfied me as a lifelong Hulk fan.
It's okay, but I preferred Ang Lee's deep, yearning Hulk. Call me a sissy!
The movie is about as good as a dumb action flick with a pathetically computer-rendered monster could be.
Iron Man is easily superior to The Incredible Hulk. Tony Stark's wit, his flair, the way everything comes easily to him and he makes the ladies purr, are all the opposite of what Bruce Banner brings to the party.
One of the great monster movies, exciting and scary and sad all at once.
Now, this is how you go green.
A satisfying thrill ride. There are some witty bits, and the whole moves swiftly.
Contains a property-damaging clash-of-the-titans free-for-all of such intensity that in the pre-computer effects era it could have been visualized only in a cartoon or a comic book.
The grand acting chops of Norton and Roth fall prey to action which is more noisy than memorable and fails to carry a script lacking in impact, depth and originality.
This is just another case of special effects overwhelming an action film.
The Incredible Hulk is a more-than-serviceable fantasy film ... But on the sliding scale of recent superhero flicks, it falls a bit short.
Sound and fury signifying nothing, indeed.
Strange a project as it is, "The Incredible Hulk" actually counts as something of a success.
It's dismaying to think of all the wonderful performances Edward Norton has given in movies nobody ever saw. This one is high-octane slumming that will keep him in Bentleys for years.
A case of 'good for what it is' writ large.
An obvious improvement over Ang Lee's egregiously cerebral Hulk...
A wholly mediocre comic movie...to belabor the pun that everyone else has already belabored, there's nothing about it that's even a little bit incredible.
In terms of being faithful to the comic and giving us the kind of big screen superhero entertainment that we want, The Incredible Hulk is definitely the more satisfying of the two.
Edward Norton is a Bill Bixby-kind of guy and this is more faithful to the TV show than the last film, but its still hard to root for a CGI character.
Ang Lee must be turning green with envy
If you're into seeing some fun, mindless action in a faithful Marvel comic adaptation for a couple hours, then go see the Hulk smash some stuff.
Concentrates on telling a legible story with plenty of action and enough humor to make you think the proceedings are cleverer than they really are.
Leterrier gets his hand on this Marvel marvel at exactly the right time. Special effects have finally caught up with the imagination.
Essentially, this Incredible Hulk is a science fiction, Jekyll and Hyde version of The Bourne Identity.
It's really well done. It's a lot of fun.
Digital spectacle is both too much and too little, and it's beginning to put some of us in a funk of disappointment and boredom. When you've seen one half-ton piece of metal flung through the air, you've seen them all.
The chief fault of The Incredible Hulk is that it aims to be the diametric opposite of Lee's, and it jettisons what actually worked.
By the time the Hulk is battling the Abomination it's simply watching two special effects go after each other. Were Norton and Roth even on the set?
Can anybody smell the franchise that Marvel is cooking?
Explosive and visually arresting in its colorful swagger...a reactive and revolving roller-coaster ride of demolishing proportions.
This is great summer fun that sets the stage for a return of this character and more Marvel icons. It's yet another monster hit.
Like the final cut of Iron Man, the filmmakers guiding this new Hulk film know their characters, and just like that, Marvel Studios is two for two.
It is a pretty good yarn and Banner is an interesting character.
As Banner, Norton gives a strong performance. Like "Iron Man's" Robert Downey, Jr., Norton is a former Oscar nominee who brings a wealth of talent to a role one normally wouldn't consider him for. But it's his skills as an actor that lend a human touch to
You want your "Hulk smash"? You got it.
Nothing that the director Louis Leterrier or the writer Zak Penn did by pumping up the action could take away from the film's ordinariness... .
Not much special about this Hulk, including a reason to make it in the first place.
It won't steal "Iron Man's" thunder, but it's a damn good time...
I didn't mind the Ang Lee one. I don't think this is any better or worse. It's just another Hulk movie.
Leaning as far away from the dire Ang Lee account as possible, The Incredible Hulk will probably smash bank for its determinedly crowd-pleasing, pure Saturday matinee entertainment value. Iron Man, it ain't, but it's still fun.
Hulk Smash!
Slow pacing and a muted sound production only add to the CGI disaster inflicted on what should have been a believable superhero created with 21st century technology.
A return to the Hulk we know from the TV show, and it captures the angst of being green. It's not easy being green.
Technology has done double-edged duty to the legendary Hulk character. The CGI-created ripped body of nothing remotely reminiscent of Edward Norton blows away Lou Ferrigno's 1978 character -- as long as you don't look him in the face.
This movie will give true believers their money's worth. It's hit or miss -- yet when a legendary figure like the Hulk hits, the impact is startling, and even when he fans, he generates gale force.
In their determination to make a reliable action movie, they forgot to make an interesting one.
A smash-and-slash affair. This probably bodes well for the franchise but ill for those of us who think the world would be a better place with at least one less conflicted comic book antihero glutting the megaplexes.
It moves well for the most part, it delivers a worthy bad guy, and, in Edward Norton, it has a hero constantly on edge and on the run, a more swaggering and modern version of Bill Bixby's Banner from the '70s TV series.
The inevitable comparisons to
Broad, loud, straight-ahead and raucous, The Incredible Hulk may not be the smoothest or smartest movie ever made, but it sure captures the spirit of its giant green protagonist.
If Lee's talky flop was the action, this is simply the opposite -- and pretty close to incredible -- reaction.
Part of the problem is the computer-generated Hulk. It's OK in the early going, when the big green guy is mostly hidden by darkness or smoke. But in the light of day he looks cartoonish.
A simpler story, more action and some nice visuals make for a satisfying, if not exactly incredible, monster hero sequel.
Careful not to repeat the past, The Incredible Hulk does a lot of things Lee's The Hulk didn't: It's lighter and faster-paced, it's funnier and it embraces (instead of ignoring) the 1970s TV series that furthered the character's popularity.
The sad truth is, a movie Hulk is less a force of nature and more a pathetic weakling.
Its familiar genre pleasures are all on the surface.
Despite the desperation the whole concept exudes, it isn't as bad as you'd think.
Marvel is so busy setting up the next sale that they can't see the mediocrity built into their own formula.
Hulk is further proof that the superhero genre has entered its mediocre period.
The latest spin on the Marvel comic-book hero delivers the popcorn goods.
There are just too many "almosts" attached to this Hulk.
Marvel Studios, director Louis Leterrier, screenwriter Zak Penn and Edward Norton have put the incredible back in The Incredible Hulk.
Ultimately, the story is pretty simple, and it's more reminiscent of the old television show than the Ang Lee crapsterpiece - and that's a good thing.
Hulk smash! But first Hulk apologize for Ang Lee movie of my life.
All action and no storytelling.
An adequate summer effects-o-rama.
The relaunch of Marvel's green goliath is an improvement over director Ang Lee's ponderous 2003 Hulk in nearly every way.
Why remake a crappy movie five years later if it's only going to be marginally less crappy?
Don't get attached to the actors in The Incredible Hulk. All of them are sidelined for the last half-hour of the drab, monotonous film.
It's hugely entertaining, and not only leaves the door wide open for a sequel but an entire universe of Marvel movies. Avengers assemble!
When it's fighting, it's fun -- but, when it isn't, it's not.
Offers the quantity of action that many people felt was lacking in Ang Lee's more contemplative 2003 treatment.
Devotees of Hulk will not be disappointed with this new adventure, and Norton doesn't let down his fans by taking on the role of the mammoth man with a loud roar.
One stupid Hulk movie, now a stupidly entertaining Hulk movie. A franchise reset with zany, boneheaded breathlessness, this is loose, lean, fast, comical, thrilling, loud and as flirtatious with substance as necessary to avoid instant disposability.
I like him when he's angry ... or is it hungry? Norton is no good-time Downey, but this Hulk smashes the 2003 film. However, I caution the filmmakers and Marvel to be fair to their characters and ...
Comic book performances trample Norton's attempt at 3D, e.g., Tim Blake Nelson's over-the-top scientist, acting as if he's performing children's theater to a packed matinee of pre-schoolers.
When the Hulk turns back, he often finds himself naked, aching, and disoriented in Guatemala, the fate of many a Spring Breaker
...a simple monster romp.
The finale's slugfest plays out like the WWF gone CGI -- characters bash each other, things go boom, and (how typical) a lot of it is too quickly paced to follow.
This Hulk isn't incredible; it's just mediocre...a very conventional comic-book movie, a considerable step down from Lee's more imaginative treatment.
Fans furious with Ang Lee's artsy 2003 flick about Marvel's green behemoth can finally breathe a sigh of relief.
...Adolescent heaven personified with endless, wallopin' fights between WWF-looking steroidians, highlighting a mindless production akin to a widescreen video game. In the oft pounded word of The Hulk himself, 'Grrrrr!'
If you can clock a feature film by its transformations (25-&-50) style and still wish that you could skip through the commercials in-between, precisely how far removed are you from what's come before.
Leterrier and screenwriter Zak Penn dispense with the angst and focus on the smash. The result is a movie that eschews dialogue (or anything resembling an idea, for that matter) in favor of hyper-violent mayhem and unconvincing CGI.
Com exceção do deficiente terceiro ato, esta nova versão conta com suas próprias e inegáveis virtudes.
The lack of character shading suggests Marvel Studios went too far in distancing itself from Lee's much-reviled predecessor. Could a better balance between brawn and brains not have been struck?
The whole thing plays like it's been focus-grouped to death, stripped of any real personality of its own.
In The Incredible Hulk, Betty handles her role as The Girl in unusual and frankly charming ways: she's easily the film's most impressive effect.
The first of the three battle setpieces... gave me particular thrills, as a fan of both superhero action and brilliant actors.
It has to be said that one of the most "incredible" things about this so-called reinvention of the Hulk is how close it is to Ang Lee's vision.
Diverting but forgettable entertainment after a strong opening act, though for Hulk fans smarting from the thoughtful, flawed Ang film, it may just be balm for the soul.
...a diverting enough popcorn flick and sure to make Ang Lee green with envy.
It sidesteps the intriguing aspects of Hulkdom and spends way too much time in, dare I say, noisy and mindless action sequences
Astute fans may detect a whiff of studio formula here.
It's a step in the right direction with some top-notch moments, and hardcore fans will still walk away with a giddy smile - but it's not in the same sort of league as Spider-Man 2, Iron Man or Batman Begins.
More action, less poncing, than that last Hulk movie ensures a stronger response.
A solid superhero fantasy that gains added depth from a strong cast.
I had a moderate amount of fun, and proclaim THE INCREDIBLE HULK pretty okay. But I have seen better.
It's high-energy, but oddly unsatisfying; the nature of Hulk's rage is left unexplored and undeveloped.
It's far from the worst. The big green guy is back, and this time he looks like he means business.
While the CGI battles between The Hulk and Abomination are expectedly clunky, there are enough fun references and strongly crafted scenes to mark The Incredible Hulk as a highly enjoyable, if not quite exceptional, comic book adaptation.
If you are expecting this movie to be Iron Man, you will be disappointed, but it is 1000 times better than the abomination that Ang Lee created back in 2003. No pun intended.
"The Incredible Hulk" emphasizes action and special effects. ... But it is what fans expect and hoped for and it will not disappoint.
A lot of fun and, frankly, exactly what one would have expected from a Hulk movie.
A thudding dull and dunderheaded piece of product that is generally uninteresting to look at, frequently painful to listen to and a constant insult to all the things that Ang Lee accomplished in his take on the material.
An Incredible Misfire
There are some terrific action sequences. I particularly liked it when the Hulk used a car broken in two as boxing gloves.
The Hulk looks like a dark, shiny, muscular pickle.
Incredible overstates it, but The Incredible Hulk finds a viable way to retell an old Jekyll and Hyde story, dating back to the early 1960s and a Cold War that inspired its share of unruly Marvel Comics misfits.
This new production, starring Edward Norton as Bruce Banner, looks a lot better -- sometimes it looks great -- and it's a thunderously efficient enterprise, with a nice surprise at the very end.
If the plot had as much muscle as the title character it would be a different story.
The new movie about Dr. Bruce Banner is called The Incredible Hulk. But let's not get carried away: The Adequate Hulk would have been a more suitable title.
Like its monstrous hero, The Incredible Hulk gets the job done with minimal artistry and a lot of noise.
[Norton] seems to resent that in the Fight Club food chain, he's Edward Norton and not Brad Pitt.
What a surprise after all the 'Spiderman' films, a comic book film with a good story, well acted and brilliantly directed, buttressed by some clever cameos.
Director Louis Leterrier, who directed The Transporter films, is no great stylist, but he adds highly charged and acrobatically choreographed action scenes to the film's blunt-force sense of melodrama and erratic continuity.
It works as a smash-'em-up summer film and is more satisfactory than its predecessor.
It's loud and in-your-face, and it does maintain the same "we know this is crazy; just go with it" tone that made Iron Man so much fun.
The audience at my screening cheered the most loudly when Stan Lee, Ferrigno and characters from other Marvel titles appeared for their cameos. If the movie had worked a little better on its own, the Hulk would have gotten more applause just for himself.
Accomplished B-movie director Louis Leterrier speeds things up and lightens the tone, and actor Edward Norton brings more depth and range to the role.
"The Incredible Hulk" isn't as much fun as "Iron Man" was, but it doesn't suffer from the roteness that affect so many super hero films either. It gets the job done.
... Follows Iron Man as this year's second great comic book movie.
It's hard to remember cries for dramatic nourishment when Hulk is getting pelted with a swarm of bullets, dodging fireballs, and breaking police cars in half for use as boxing gloves.
It delivers the goods and waits for fans to sign the receipt.
The saga is uneven and there are plot holes, but as a popcorn movie steeped in action, it keeps our attention.
Alas, The Incredible Hulk is no Iron Man, and a brief appearance by a devilishly goateed Tony Stark only serves to remind us of that fact.
Hulk smash? Let's put it like this: He uses police cars as boxing gloves. Yeah. Hulk smash.
What is so disappointing about the film is how much of a lesser experience it is than Ang Lee's Hulk.
Everything you want in a Hulk film; nothing you don't.
A potent mix of testosterone and adrenalin and action fans of all ages should be happy to hand over their green.
Even if there weren't script and performance deficiencies -- and there certainly are -- the big problem with both Hulk movies is that the lead character is an unconvincing CG creation.
This Hulk may not be a certified smash, but it makes a big impact.
There's enough adrenaline pulsating throughout this bang-up Marvel Comics adaptation to erase 2003's Hulk from memory (Ang who?).
A sentimental mixture of thwarted romance, military conniving and brute-on-brute action at the end, as Hulk takes on spike-spined Abomination. If the movie's nowhere near as ambitious as the last Hulk, that's probably to the good.
A classic comic-book hero quest that, while not entirely novel, hews to its own rules and conventions with dignity and artfulness.
That Leterrier is not particularly strong with character and acting further compounds the problem, leaving audiences with little to cling to but cartoon monsters and cardboard humans.
If you like your toys big, your explosions loud and your Hulk MAD, The Incredible Hulk will likely smash that other Hulk out of your memory.
The Incredible Hulk isn't a work of art, but director Leterrier had the sense to recognize that it wasn't supposed to be art in the first place. His film delivers on something called 'fun'.
Brace the box office as 'The Incredible Hulk' smashes its way through a rock 'em, sock 'em romp sure to please summer audiences
The Incredible Hulk gets 'er done, but while "Hulk smash!" is essential, it's also undeniably uninteresting when handed over to a computer.
Me no like new Hulk much.
Hulk. Smash. But not Smash Movie.
The first film's main problem dogs this one as well: A dull story. The villain is big and loud, and Banner has a good heart, but neither makes for an interesting character.
Big, loud, messy and most of all fun, The Incredible Hulk offers more evidence that, when done right, the comic-book hero story can indeed be, well, super.
Five years after Ang Lee attempted a stylistically and narratively daring reimagining of what a comic-book movie could be, the big green gamma-guy returns to the screen in a purer, more unadulterated, vastly more entertaining form.
The result is not as good as Iron Man, but it's an action movie in that style, willing to take its time and take advantage of the fact that it has a first-rate actor at its center.
Thanks to Norton's curiously zombified performance, we have little incentive to root for Banner to learn to control his anger.
This new film might have its moments and the character might still have his angry superpowers, but that doesn't make it anything close to incredible.
Can I simply come out and say what is rarely mentioned but we all know to be true? The Hulk is an uninspired comic-book creation.
It's difficult to know what the filmmakers were going for with this recast sequel to Ang Lee's 2003 Hulk.
What seemed, in theory, the least-necessary revival of a bigscreen superhero emerges as perfectly solid summer action fare.
A neat thrill ride with an intelligent script by Zak Penn and smart, well-paced direction by the French director of The Transporter series, Louis Leterrier.
oso amelitea problimatiko ki an to briskeis poy i tainia afinei shedon oli tin anaptyksi haraktiron sto non-prequel poy den yparhei, einai olotela abastahto i ligi poy krataei, na einai arketa halia oste na eyhesai na min ypirhe episis
Cleverly re-imagined as a film noir, it is a dark and shadowy piece full of monsters, only some of them green
Marvel's second production leaves you with an unmistakable impression: The geeks have finally inherited their universe, and they're going to have as much fun with it as superhumanly possible.
[Edward Norton's] take on Bruce Banner is on par with Christian Bale as Bruce Wayne/Batman and Robert Downey Jr as Tony Stark/Iron Man.
The audience, in all likelihood, will be so grateful not to see another joyless, inert, pea green dud that it may not mind that The Incredible Hulk is just a luridly reductive and violent B movie -- one that clears a bar that hadn't been set very high.
It's the crappy summer blockbuster Marvelites probably deserve.
You could retitle this flick The Hulk is Bourne, and it would be a perfectly appropriate description -- albeit a really awful pun.
Certainly a more convincing proposition than the tank-shotputting hot air balloon of Lee's movie.
I honestly cannot believe how much I enjoyed this film, which is a surprise as I walked into this film with a lot of baggage.
Marvel has managed to shape yet another fine piece of slick, if somewhat disposable action-entertainment. The Incredible Hulk is a less ambitious but more wholly realised and coherent vision of the character than previous versions.
The Incredible Hulk provides Marvel with its second superhero hit of the summer. For comic book fans, Iron Man and The Incredible Hulk represent a solid one-two punch.
The Hulk looks pretty damn good and the final fight will make diehard fans and new fans satisfied.
The Incredible Hulk is The Pretty Good Hulk. All things considered, of course.
If it's not the best Superhero film since ''Batman Begins'', it's still an early contender for one of the Best Films of the Year. This Hulk is Incredible!
Might be vaguely entertaining if you were holding a Wiimote.
The ending battle between The Hulk and Abomination is one of the most spectacular and exciting things I've ever seen on screen. If the downtown Los Angeles robot battles of Transformers impressed you, this puts those to shame.
No fondness for crummy old television can obscure the general faintheartedness of this saga.
Though uneven and structurally messy, new version is better and more entertaining than Lee's somber take, a summer popcorn movie that favors thrilling action and f/x over plot and characters; it makes you curious to see Norton's longer, more detailed cut.
Even though I think I prefer Ang Lee's movie, this is a fun summer popcorn movie that will satisfy most fanboys!
At times on par with the first Spider-Man, some of the original movie's problems are replaced by new ones, but none that completely ruin the enjoyment every time the Hulk comes out to 'SMASH!!!'
While not as good as Iron Man, it's a fast-paced, action-packed popcorn picture.
Blandly directed, ham-fisted sound and fury battering your brain for attention [that leaves] you with little to take away except, perhaps, a mild headache. Where is Ang Lee when we need him?
A mish-mash of comic-book drama coupled with video-game graphics.
Good enough for its fans and a decent enough actioneer for the rest of us.
A light and airy popcorn movie full of all those watermarks Hulk fans clamor after.
Should please the targeted audience in their teens and twenties who escape into the air-conditioned multiplex from a June heat wave.
Now, that's more like it.
Much more action-packed and entertaining than the previous Hulk movie.

@highlight

The Incredible Hulk may not be quite the smashing success that fans of Marvel's raging behemoth might hope for, but it offers more than enough big green action to make up for its occasionally puny narrative.