This movie felt like warmed over goodness, rather than something fresh and spicy.
The Woman in Black brings nothing new to the table but it makes better use of the generic ghost tricks than most films of this ilk.
Prepare for some chills and thrills if you're heading to check out Daniel Radcliffe's post-Potter debut.
It's bracing to see that vintage horror still surpasses the new digital-dread hokum.
The balance between edge-of-vision shadows and DanRad's screen-centre face puts the care into scares.
Scene after endless scene of Radcliffe roaming the hallways of a spooky gothic house seeking the source of creepy noises and phantasmic movements is not compelling enough for a two-hour film.
The Woman in Black successfully plumbs the atmospheric vibe of The Haunting but is even more disturbing because all its bad stuff happens to little kids.
Whether or not The Woman in Black provides those chills is entirely up to whatever particular type of creep-out sends shivers down your spine.
A thin movie on every level, not particularly frightening, and a disappointing use of all the talent involved. ... No points for Gryffindor.
A gothic horror tale that studiously avoids any modern gimmicks in favour of classically themed motifs, with a neat twist to Hammer its point home.
The Woman in Black is not the best ghost story ever made, but it is one of the purest and most effective to hit cinemas in quite a long time. That in itself makes this a film worth cherishing, goose bumps and all.
It is a work that transcends the genre whilst not skimping on any of the skin-crawling thrills that the premise promises to deliver.
Radcliffe holds it together with a virtually wordless, but still expressive performance.
Packed with atmosphere, this old-fashioned but deftly told ghost story delivers ample chills and thrills.
It's a good clean, very British romp - the kind of horror movie you could take your mum to. As long as you're not hoping to be scared to death, you'll have a great time, too.
Radcliff, in his first adult role since the Harry Potter franchise concluded, does an excellent job holding the film together, grief pouring from his expressive features.
If you're looking for nail-biting horror and suspense, this isn't the ticket. But it is a nicely filmed atmospheric study in the Gothic. Mostly, "The Woman in Black" shows that Radcliffe will have no problem shedding his Potter image.
The Woman in Black feels like a simpler and more intimate horror of yesteryear.It's well produced, acted and written and for fans of vintage horror, you'll definitely be entertained.
Splendidly delivers the old-school, hocus-pocus goods, reminding us that sometimes a bone-chilling movie scare can be frightfully, fitfully fun.
The bottom line on The Woman in Black is that it is a very spooky movie. Old-fashioned and old school, it makes a convincing case for life after death and, for Radcliffe, life after Harry Potter.
The filmmakers understand the simple power of ghosts, and they deliver a tense and chilling spook-fest.
Mopey, po-faced rubbish.
A boa notícia é que Radcliffe faz um trabalho eficiente em um longa que compreende que os arrepios duram mais que os sustos; a má é que o roteiro problemático compromete bastante o resultado final.
The Woman In Black is not a bad deal for those who are easily scared or/and haven't seen many ghost movies. It's well acted, nicely photographed, the story makes sense, and the conclusion will be satisfactory to most.
The moody, beautifully composed production raises it above the norm.
'The Woman in Black' is a solid British ghost story in which Daniel Radcliffe bids adieu to his Harry Potter persona while his character of Arthur Kipps wonders whether he's bidding farewell to his senses.
There are enough reasons to like [the film] and virtually no reasons to love it.
... a good old-fashioned horror movie ...
I watched this with my 11-year-son Louie by my side. He'd never seen a ghost story of this nature before and I felt him jump 14 times.
... offering nothing new and little that is frightening or unsettling...
o Watkins psaxnei sto maniki toy skhnothetikoys asoys tsaxpinias na zwntanepsei thn moyxla ths istorias toy
a doggedly old-fashioned Gothic chiller, filled with dank rooms, creepy old toys, flickering candles, and miles of gray mist
[Watkins] orchestrates the film nearly perfectly so that it does just what a ghost story should do, no more and no less.
There's a lifeless vacuum at the heart of this ghost story. Radcliffe be thy name.
Brace yourself for shocks and scares as doors slam shut of their own accord, an empty rocking horse tips furiously back and forth on its own, and a ghostly handprint appears and disappears on a windowpane.
Director James Watkins conjures a spooky atmosphere (a long overnight sequence in the house is like 'The Evil Dead,' done straight), but relies too much on loud noises and other 'Boo!' effects
Goldman's script and James Watkins's direction are efficient, and the movie is handsomely designed.
Many stupid things have been said in movies, horror movies in particular. But 'I think I'll work through the night' from 'The Woman in Black' has got to be near the top of the list.
Director James Watkins piles on the old-fashioned Hammer Horror atmosphere, all fog and mist and shadows, but a few jump-out-of-your-seat startles and a running motif about children doing something very terribly unnatural don't add up to much.
Back and forth. Back and forth. There's not much plot for Daniel Radcliffe, so he tip-toes around looking for scares that don't add up.
Daniel Radcliffe outgrows Harry Potter convincingly in this well-done ghost story.
It all works reasonably well but the film lacks real punch.
Radcliffe's failings are highlighted by lively performances from Hinds and Janet McTeer, the latter playing Daily's deranged wife.
Radcliffe couldn't have known that the editing process would place his not-disgraceful performance within a noisy, clattering movie about a man who is either suicidally brave or clinically deaf.
Proof that frock coats and lace dresses really are terrifying.
It's old-school horror ... it builds a sense of foreboding - and has one of the creepiest collections of scary-looking period dolls ever seen on screen.
[A] busy, bustling ghost story that at times appears less indebted to the Susan Hill bestseller than the Haunted Mansion ride at Disneyland.
The story has worked in performance before. As a stage play it has run and run. As a movie it plods and plods.
Director James Watkins expertly uses shadows and empty spaces to create a percolating sense of dread, and he waits until the last possible moment before allowing his audience the catharsis of a shock.
Radcliffe plays an adult quite convincingly. Kipps is a character you care about. And, the story is about as spooky as it gets. Paul Chambers, CNN.
Some effective scares, but this is haunted house horror by numbers.
The melodrama creaks as much as the nursery rocking chair, but the grim resolution adds an unexpectedly uplifting and bittersweet twist.
Shocktastic and schlocktastic, The Woman in Black is lots of fun, though not for the faint-hearted.
The movie bombards viewers with a host of scare tactics, from barely startling to borderline terrifying. And therein lies the problem.
Allow yourself to be consumed by the eerie tone and convincing performances and there is every chance you will be consistently gripped for this impressive foray into old-school horror.
Watchable horror from the newly revived Hammer Studios that's strong on atmosphere but never quite gets under your skin the way it ought to...
It takes quite a time before the pieces of a poisonous puzzle appear, and when they do, they don't always fall into place with clarity.
Horror fans may find the picture too old-school but it was nightmarishly effective for me.
This was a welcome return to the old style of horror movies, one which didn't rely on explicit blood and guts. Plus Radcliffe shows why he will be around a while.
[S]eeing it in a theater filled with Harry Potter fans aching to get their Daniel Radcliffe fix, with a killer sound system and popcorn to fling on your neighbor, is what makes it really work.
'The Woman in Black' is old-fashioned, ornate, imposing, occasionally creaky - and possessed of more than a few enjoyably nasty surprises.
The repetitive cheap thrills tend to suffocate the more intriguing mystery at the core of the story.
There's an air of importance and class hard at work to elevate all of the spooky nonsense into something memorable.
Check behind the doors. Switch on all the lights. You won't be sleeping soundly for a while.
Sure, it feels a little old fashioned, but The Woman in Black actually makes that work to its advantage. Fans of creepy ghost stories should find plenty to enjoy with this one. I know I did.
This is a limp, lifeless horror movie with no scares dressed up as a "Art House" movie.
There's a difference between being scared and being startled ... It's too bad that director James Watkins fills The Woman in Black with far more of the latter and too little of the former.
The young actor fits the characters quite nicely, and although he's not as far removed from the Boy who Lived as he probably should be as his first post Hogwarts cinematic experience he's fairly spot-on.
The star's job description is that he be able to react convincingly to a variety of supernatural events and to endure being covered in mud. He has difficulty with neither.
Radcliffe's only acting challenge is to look always scared.
The best ghost stories are the ones that rely on careful exposition and a pervasive sense of mounting dread to unsettle audiences (e.g. The Others, The Orphanage), but director James Watkins and scripter Jane Goldman abandon that approach shockingly fast.
Radcliffe's first post-Potter outing is plenty atmospheric, in the style of Roger Corman's Poe series. It's just not all that scary ‒ unless you find rattling doorknobs and dead children's faces pressed to frosty windows scary.
Gaze at sumptuous, macabre production design. Appreciate the ominous atmospherics. But the endless slog of midnights dreary will leave you feeling weak and weary, and it's really just a super frowny-faced, well-mounted Gothic spin on "The Grudge."
Loved the gothic, athmospheric, old-timey Hammer feel, but it's not terribly scary.
Sinister and somewhat spooky, bearing the stylish Hammer Films imprint.
Daniel Radcliffe plays the haunted Hammer hero so very well.
It's also hard to fault Radcliffe for playing it safe with his first post-Potter movie.
It's all about atmosphere, and that's a refreshing trend from most cookie-cutter mainstream PG-13 horror.
This supernatural thriller has plenty scares and creepy atmosphere, but the plot could have used more surprises.
I found "The Woman in Black" to be a good, old-fashioned haunted house movie.
Most of the movie employs some tried and true, but ultimately very tired, cinematic ploys to scare the viewer.
Haunted house movies basically live and die by their atmospherics and by the consequences to those poor mortals who come too close to the premises, and The Woman in Black delivers on both counts.
The small, seemingly throwaway details come together to create a quality piece of genre entertainment.
Though it has the elements of an atmospheric chiller, it doesn't use them well enough to actually establish the atmosphere or the chills except in brief, occasional bursts.
...an old-fashioned ghost story designed to make you jump repeatedly and never be quite sure where it's going.
A gloomy, turgid bore...Radcliffe should have brought along Harry's wand and wished [it] away--or at least off his resume.
The Woman in Black is your standard-issue ghost story, gussied up in period garb to make it look like a prestige picture.
Radcliffe's fidgety performance is convincing, and he does come across as an adult, though a very young one.
The ghosts are a-poppin' in the genuinely scary Hammer Film release 'The Woman in Black,' an old-fashioned haunted house movie with Harry Potter himself in the lead.
Macabre ghost story is slow but creepy enough for teens.
It may not be groundbreaking -- but it's creepy
The unimaginative approach of both director and screenwriter make this attempt at classy horror singularly uninvolving and lacking in the essential element of surprise.
None of it's new, but it's fun particularly because - like those Hammer films of yore - it peoples its great sets with solid actors.
Forget the ghostly woman in black. It's the glacial pace that's the killer.
As ghost stories go, this one isn't bad, but the filmmakers take an awfully long time getting to the actual plot, content to spend the first half of the movie doling out "boo!" moments...more than I've ever experienced in one motion picture!
And why would Daniel Radcliffe a.k.a. Harry Potter agree to star in such a dreary slog? The answer's obvious: Voldemort made him do it.
Radcliffe basically seems to be playing second fiddle to the production design half the time.
The Woman in Black ultimately overstays its welcome to a distressingly demonstrable degree.
It's a handsomely mounted picture, but empty when it comes to spectral inspiration, leaving Radcliffe to feign interest in the snoozy actions of a supposedly wicked witch.
It's silly and spelled out, but the fun house aspect remains.
More frightening than Kathie Lee Gifford without her makeup.
Creepy only in its few moments of psychological horror, The Woman in Black is really nothing more than a jump scare marathon.
A hoot of an old-fashioned British horror film in which being under 10 years old is not a good thing.
There's little that's new, revealing or stylish about this basic-black horror story, but if you've got a Goth sensibility, it might suit you.
The best ghost stories, from The Uninvited to The Sixth Sense, play to the heart, if not always to the head. The Woman in Black is at its best when playing to the nerves.
A disappointing post-Potter debut from Radcliffe, barely breathing in this musty, creaky chiller.
Loads of tension, psychological overtones, secrets and tons of "boo" moments, punctuated by the occasional violent payoff.
Though Radcliffe occasionally seems too stiffly callow to be completely convincing in this grown-up role, the movie is a proficient thriller with a potential appeal beyond the star's fan-girl audience.
A creaky haunted-house story that's strong on creepy atmosphere but woefully deficient in the scare department.
Watkins knows how to make a body jump out of its skin, even if he does use the face-reflected-in-the-mirror/window trick once too often. At the same time, the film is kind of, well, silly.
If this is what disposable modern horror is going to look like, I'll take the classical frights of The Woman in Black over the herky-jerky hokum of The Devil Inside any day.
Not especially original and not tremendously scary, but there are a few pleasurable jolts of fear, some shiver-down-your-spine moodiness and it doesn't overstay its welcome.
[E]very closed door must be opened at some point, and it's in this regard that The Woman in Black cannot fulfill the promise of its moody backdrop.
An almost total stylistic 180 from Watkins' debut, Eden Lake: where that film was grimy and harrowing, this one is unsettling and alluring.
If director James Watkins had kept things quiet and let the visuals speak for themselves, it would have made for a completely different, and far scarier, viewing experience.
There's enough spooky material present to earn the pic a recommendation for those looking for an old-fashioned horror film (Full Content Parental Review also available)
Co-produced by Hammer Films, the film is a throwback to that studio's heyday, when horror greats like Peter Cushing and Christopher Lee wandered through the fog in search of things.
It has been a while since a film caused the hair on my legs to stand up on end. "The Woman in Black" achieves this more than once.
Popping up from behind bushes is startling, but it isn't art.
Simple story, standard elements, to be sure, but handled by director James Watkins with a stunning insight into why things that go bump in the night ranks as one of the most primal of primal fears
A cheerfully old-fashioned spook show that could have been produced back in the Fifties with the likes of Cushing and/or Lee with nary a change
Despite the movie's stylish design and agreeably vintage frights, it is also, sad to report, kind of boring.
The Woman in Black is a tasteful, old-school frightener, emphasizing suspense and foreboding over blood and guts.
There are some overdone elements and the script could have been a bit stronger, but the movie works on its own terms, sending a chill up your spine in effective ways.
The secrets of The Woman in Black turn out to be as you might expect: It's the telling of the tale, rather than the upshot, that provides the shivers.
The frights don't exceed PG-13, and the color never brightens much past gray.
It turns out that Daniel Radcliffe did not bring his sorcerer's wand with him when he graduated to his first adult film role since the conclusion of the Harry Potter series. Too bad.
This is an effective genre exercise, if not an especially inspired one.
The expressive Radcliffe looks Byronic, with his high collar, haunted eyes and five o'clock stubble; he's a good match for Hinds, whose beefy stolidity keeps the younger man grounded.
It follows a time-honored pattern not out of laziness or studio-dictated formula, but because that pattern can still terrify us in the right hands.
If the story is laid out none too subtly, its straightforward purity is, finally, its greatest strength.
A skillful haunted-house film that will soon evaporate from your memory like the ghostly specter of its title.
The director uses time-honored techniques to keep you on edge, every one of which graced Hammer films of yore. But happily for the picture, there's a reason they're time-honored.
I checked my watch a couple of times - there's a limit to how many times a spooky face at a window can startle us, and this film exceeds it...
The Woman in Black is a welcome addition to the old canon; renouncing innovation, embracing anachronism, it's almost The Artist of ghost movies.
The landscape is dire, the architecture is haunted, children disappear by the dozens and antique toys inexplicably spark to life. That Mr. Radcliffe doesn't is part of the problem.
About as scary as the haunted house your big cousins made in the basement...
The director, James Watkins, appears to have studied other movies' bumps in the night and accepted the real estate and clammy skin loaned to him by the Hammer studios, which, not incidentally, receive a production credit.
If there is a single haunted house or ghost story cliché that goes unexploited in The Woman in Black, I'd be surprised.
The Woman in Black doesn't break new ground, but in its suggestions of fine film ghost stories, it works you over with riveting restraint.
An old-fashioned, tastefully constrained supernatural thriller...
All I know is, when I had to walk down a dark hallway at home the night I came back from seeing it? Reader, I ran.
The Woman in Black has lovely period atmosphere. Unfortunately, it doesn't have much else besides atmosphere.
...most notable for its locations and gloomy, gothic production design...
Watkins is forced to rely on sinister cutaways and jump scares punctuated by orchestral blasts. Without the contribution of post-production sound effects, this film might play like a stuffy period drama.
Watkins gets the mood right, which is the major thing.
To my thinking, this splendid low-key bummer of a ghost story was eventually undermined by the film's increasing reliance on shock-scares, in which something suddenly and noisily jumps into the frame, over and over and over.
I haven't seen this many people jump out of their seats since "Jack and Jill," although in this case, people returned.
What begins as something akin to Robert Wise's The Haunting becomes something more like James Wan's recent Insidious, which makes The Woman in Black a multi-generational horror.
Schooled in the art of the quiet boo, Mr. Watkins fills the film with squeaking doors and floorboards, pools of black, long silences and an assortment of moldering toys.
the main purpose here appears to be the creation of ambiance and an overall feeling of unease
Though Radcliffe is our eyes and ears, he rarely speaks. It's not easy to carry an entire film in which your job is primarily to react, but he handles the task with impressive confidence.
there's plenty of jumps and stings, as well as much opening of doors, climbing of stairs and peering around corners, to a point of diminishing returns after, say, the third time Radcliffe creeps cautiously down the same hallway.
The Woman in Black delivers old-school scares.
One or two moments of genuinely unsettling horror fail to keep this 95-minute ghost story alive and moving.
Use the money you'd spend for a ticket to hire someone to sneak up in dull, quiet moments and shriek really loud. The effect is the same - more irritating than scary - and you'll be doing more for the economy than padding Hollywood bank accounts.
It'll take more than one movie for [Daniel Radcliffe] to shake off the Potter baggage, but a psychologically complex and emotionally nuanced turn like this is a good start.
If you're looking to watch Daniel Radcliffe walk around a house and aren't necessarily looking for a deep or scary movie, than maybe this is for you.
[It] pushes all the right scary-movie buttons while creating a marvelously creepy atmosphere.
Just about the only trick the movie doesn't resort to is The Screaming Cat That Jumps Out of Nowhere, although there is a pesky crow fond of cawing suddenly in Dolby Digital 5.1 sound.
There are plenty of effective jump scares, and it's nicely shot, but beneath the surface there isn't a great deal going on.
Frequently accentuates its brooding, aimless scenes with music that sounds like someone dropped an elephant on a piano.
The film, a handsome nerve-jangler co-produced under the storied Hammer horror banner, amps up the scares without turning them into something completely stupid.
A reminder that often what scares us most isn't the gruesome or the gory, but the sounds in a dark house that we can't explain.
The appeal of a good ol' ghost story is strong, and the simplicity of "The Woman in Black" suits the tradition.
Without Radcliffe at the center looking scared out of his wits, The Woman In Black would seem even slighter than it already does.
Not since young Hutter arrived at Orlok's castle in "Nosferatu" has a journey to a dreaded house been more fearsome than the one in "The Woman in Black."
There's nothing new or unexpected about The Woman in Black, but it's still a satisfying exercise in old-fashioned spookiness.
The world needs horror flicks that can be shown at family nights and slumber parties, and now we have a new one.
Director Watkins and his leading man Radcliffe have both succeeded in making a truly haunting classic ghost story that is also an effective modern horror film without ever needing to rely on CGI or intrusive music cues.
"What's most troubling is James Watkins' inability to craft a "real" scare...there are two should-be terrifying moments that fall completely flat on its face."
Director Watkins and company are masters at getting under our skin and straight into our nightmares.
James Watkins can frame a fierce image along a diagonal line, but he has few tricks up his sleeve, often recycling similar shots from scene to scene, as well as spring-loaded scares that would get Roger Ebert's blood boiling.
A horror flick stuck in the limbo between cinematic life and death by boredom.
An admirable, though not completely successful, effort to resurrect the revered Hammer tradition, offering good part for Radcliffe.
[VIDEO] "The Woman in Black" possesses a purity of purpose. Its goal is to seduce the audience into a supernatural realm of somnambulist existence with the power of suggestion.
Fittingly for the first film shot in England in 35 years to bear the Hammer banner, The Woman in Black competently resurrects that hoariest of horror-movie conceits, the haunted house.
It's an uninspired compendium of haunted house clichés, with a twist that barely deserves to be called one.
It's an effective chiller in the grand tradition of British horror with a couple of icy-bucket-of-water-down-your-neck moments.
This unashamedly old-fashioned ghost story benefits from Radcliffe's committed performance and Watkins' willingness to do anything for a scare.
This Victorian period horror tale is refreshing in that it makes no bones about what it is about - delivering gothic horror thrills pure and simple.
It shouldn't work, but somehow it does.

@highlight

Traditional to a fault, The Woman in Black foregoes gore for chills -- although it may not provide enough of them for viewers attuned to more modern, high-stakes horror.