... an eye-popping comedy with all the chemistry and self-effacing fun of a Bob Hope / Bing Crosby road movie (without the mercenary humor) and the crazy turns of a Looney Tunes cartoon.
Untraditional underdog sports team story.
Kung Fu and sports movies collide in writer/director/actor Stephen Chow's devilishly entertaining Honk Kong action movie.
Provided Chow survives being 'Miramaxed', you're looking at the next big Asian star to rise in the West.
It so deliriously riffs on everything from The Bad News Bears and Jurassic Park to super heroes and break dancing that it's hard not to get caught up in the goofy fun.
Awesome and fun...
A spirited crowd-pleaser.
You could call it a guilty pleasure, but that would suggest you feel bad about enjoying yourself.
A movie as empty-headed as your average Premier League player, but that doesn't matter when the footie scenes are so fun and deliriously OTT.
...as logical and giddy as a second grade classroom.
A hard chestnut to swallow.
None of this is meant to be taken seriously or even thought about. So just turn off your brain and enjoy the silliness.
A fall-out-of-the-chair, funny movie!
A blitzkrieg of hilarious kung fu craziness.
No doubt there are sports pedants who will find themselves echoing the sentiments of one exasperated opponent as he exclaims "Please don't play like this! I really want to play soccer!" -- but everyone else will be too busy grinning...to care very much.
Not the classic it claims to be.
The whole film is played with such an infectious sense of fun and at such a snappy pace that you can't help being swept along by it.
Funny and warm.
Até mesmo os efeitos visuais cartunescos se adequam ao tom de fantasia desta produção que, justamente por não se levar a sério, é surpreendentemente hilária.
A movie that rises to dizzying heights of silliness before soaring into the silly stratosphere, Shaolin Soccer is pure fun.
May be the funniest out-and-out comedy of the summer.
Over-the-top mugging defines the story of a ragtag soccer team that uses Shaolin kung fu to vanquish its foes on the field.
As goofy action comedies go, Shaolin Soccer is one of the best.
Sometimes it's so goofy you want to slap it for foisting so many dud slapstick gags. And sometimes it's so intentionally goofy you have to laugh.
There is not a moment that this film takes itself seriously, yet it comes off as a totally un-self-conscious piece of entertainment with laugh out loud moments of pure comedy
Shaolin Soccer is one of those unlikely combinations, like Vanilla Coke or Christian rock, that fits so well, you're left wondering why no one thought of it before.
It is wildly enjoyable whether or not you appreciate the game, but for those bitten by the soccer bug it should prove particularly sublime.
Catnip to those familiar with the conventions of Hong Kong martial arts movies.
A good-hearted comedy that clearly illustrates why Stephen Chow is so revered.
A very funny movie.
[T]his is an Asian version of that comedy staple, the snobs versus slobs comedy... [It's] good, goofy fun that will leave audiences smiling.
This kind of boorish treatment is usually worthy of scorn, disrespectful of both the artist and the audience, but with a fizzy soccer comedy, the moves seem inspired.
A complete pleasure.
Has heart and a freewheeling spirit that makes you smile at the same time you're calling it the stupidest thing you've ever seen.
Beckham never bent it like this...a delightful, if empty-headed treat.
We don't recommend this for your 'Mother's Day outing'... but it's positively the best movie mixing kung fu and soccer ever.
A quirky, lighthearted and pleasantly goofy Hong Kong comedy.
Chiau takes all of the wire-acrobatics and CGI gimmickry made ponderous by long-winded Matrix knockoffs and done the impossible. He's made them fun again.
It's genial goofiness can keep you smiling for 87 minutes.
As always, Chow shows himself an acute parodist of other genres while adding his own cherry on the top.
It's a lot of fun.
Over the top is a tricky thing to pull off effectively. But when it is done as delightfully as it has been done in Shaolin Soccer, you just have to sit back and take in the eye candy.
Not an earth-shattering achievement, but not something to miss if you haven't yet met Stephen Chow.
It is piffle, yes, but superior piffle.
A hoot from beginning to end.
A very traditional underdog sports team story told in a delightfully untraditional style, with whimsy, fantasy, and heart.
Shaolin Soccer really loves what it mocks, after all, and that grandly goofy affection -- nay, joy -- for all things chop socky is purely, utterly contagious.
Here is a film where even the camera movements and editing are hilarious.
While Shaolin Soccer may not wow Western audiences the way it did Asian ones, you should get more than a few kicks out of it.
For once, maybe Harvey did the right thing by cutting it down.
One of the silliest, sweetest and most fun family films in recent memory.
Deliciously funny and wonderfully good-spirited.
More then any film I've seen in the past three years it fills me with unrelenting joy about film, life, and love.
Overall, the cartoonish hijinks are unrestrained and frankly juvenile; whether that's praise or criticism is a matter of personal taste.
It's the sort of movie that leaves you smiling like an idiot.
A delightful blend of comedy, kung fu, soccer and special effects.
With no inhibitions about whom or where he borrows from, Chow makes us complicit in his stylistic shoplifting. The result is the definition of guilty pleasure.
A lunatic whirl of a film that will leave audiences as giddy and punch drunk as the Shaolin team's opponents.
If brainless, predictable fun will do, check out Shaolin Soccer.
The movie's one notable hurdle is that Chow clearly values all this comical lunacy over a good script, (but) this never becomes enough of a burden to spoil the fun.
Shaolin Soccer's infectious style has a way of lifting spirits.
It's all so brazenly goofy and infectiously entertaining that you forgive the hit-and-miss gags.
Chow's best movie... one of the best knee-jerk laugh-out-loud crack-ups I've seen in a long time.
An infectious knockabout kung fu comedy with amusing special effects combined with breathtaking stunts.
This kung-fu comedy is so unabashed in its cheesiness that it could be spread on crackers; it may spike your cholesterol levels.
Despite more than 400 visual effects from Hong Kong's leading CGI shop, Centro Digital Pictures, the film's narrative manages to retain a sweet-natured feel.
the stars of this film are the over-the-top stunts and kung fu action, which sublimely blend artfulness with silliness
The movie has a rambunctious and likable energy that compensates for its unsteady, only intermittently amusing narrative.
The likable no-brainer is half buoyant goof, half groaner, and all Chow.
Crammed with wild action, obvious but well-mounted gags, and playful effects, the film is refreshingly silly.
It's The Matrix without the pretentious pop-philosophy, and Bend it Like Beckham without the teen angst.
Stephen Chow has hit on a masterstroke of lunacy.
Goofily appealing.
A terrific comedy. It has fun with the conventions of sports movies while also being completely original. It's like live action anime.
Chow brings the same kind of vibe to the screen as the Farrelly brothers.
Shaolin Soccer's multimedia madness is so excusable because most of its antics are actually more crude than seamless.
As long as your expectations are focused in the right direction, it's a sure bet that you'll have a good time watching this infectiously entertaining comedy.
Comedy, even that of the low-brow variety, is not served well with an exaggerated version of Jim Carrey.
. . . this movie represents comedy-action lunacy of a truly high, and endlessly bizarre, order.
Bad dubbing is redeemed by the easy mix of comedy and sports.
There's no question Chow is talented. But this just isn't the vehicle that will make him an international star.
Chow delivers his own lines fairly well, but the overall effect is like a sputtering engine that's not firing on all cylinders. And the new edit doesn't solve the main problem with the original film.
Fortunately, the picture is good enough to withstand the Miramax mistreatment.
Imagine, if you will, a soccer team comprising of Bruce Lee, Jackie Chan, Sammo Hung, Sonny Chiba and Jet Li. Now imagine their games were broadcast by The Wachowski Brothers. If you wouldn't pay $8 to watch that team play, there's no helping you.
Do you like video games, martial arts and insane Chinese humor? See this movie.
A very entertaining watch.
Hong Kong's highest-grossing film ever comes west with all its no-brow humour and cheeseball effects intact.
The movie is always alternating between narrative crudeness and technical perfection.
Recaptures the essence of delirious, fantastic action that made Hong Kong the capital of cool through the late 1980s and early 1990s.
The movie has something for any Hong Kong cinephile.



@highlight

The plot is utterly ridiculous, and the soccer in the movie is unlike any ever played anywhere on Earth, but watching Shaolin Soccer, you will probably find it impossible to care.