The more preachy and pious the film becomes, the more muddled and unexciting it starts to feel.
From jet-pack jaunts to Eiffel-Tower rocket launches, Tomorrowland is a visual treat, it's fun, fast-paced storyline harkening back to the Spielberg classics of the '80s.
For a movie called Tomorrowland, there's not a lot of Tomorrowland.
There is a good movie within, it just needs to embrace being adventurous rather than preachy.
Tomorrowland is far from the worst blockbuster I've ever seen, which is the only thing I can really say in its favour.
Fresh. Spectacular. Engaging. Brad Bird's latest action adventure is all these and more.
Tomorrowland risks being different from all the other films in the genre because it appoints, practically anoints, those who can change the course of history.
This film is too complex to be kids' fodder, too saccharine-on-steroids to land with most adults, and too unconvinced of human potential to effectively spur most people to action.
In the midst of a spate of blockbusters exploring the brokenness of man, it's nice to have one film that celebrates humanity's capacity for good, even if that film isn't perfect.
But for families and those who want badly enough to believe in a beautiful future, Tomorrowland is a sugary slice of escapism.
For those who prefer character development and cohesive storytelling, you may do better to watch some old episodes of "Stargate" or "Sliders."
Is a future where all the world's awesome people get to live somewhere else, while us plebes have to stay on Earth doing our mediocre best really a future to aspire to?
The point of Tomorrowland is to encourage youngsters to think out of the box, stay positive and never give up. It's a sweet and inspirational message buried in a mire of cryptic plotting.
Wholesome adventure with a dash of agitprop for the kiddies.
Director Brad Bird (The Incredibles) and co-screenwriter Damon Lindelof (that guy, co-creator of Lost, knows from disappointing people) never quite match the hope they clearly want to inspire.
'Tomorrowland's' an 'addiction of geography' utopia movie, allowing us fantasies of exploiting resources on other planets since we've already hoovered up everything down here.
I wish -- oh how I wish -- it was a little bit better than it is.
The aesthetics are easy to ape, but one should never underestimate the value Spielberg places on tight, clear, logical storytelling.
In some ways, Tomorrowland feels like a tribute to Disney himself and even when it's getting preachy, it's hard not to be stirred by the message it's trying to send.
From a filmmaker whose four features to date average a muscular 96% approval rating on Rotten Tomatoes, it all makes for an absolutely crushing defeat.
It's an intriguing and ambitious science-fiction entry that, despite its flaws, still manages to serve up a pleasing family-friendly movie-going experience.
It's a modestly successful, pure-hearted family blockbuster. The story doesn't really match its ideals in the end, but it's a fun enough ride while you're on it.
Bird takes the adolescent yearnings of kids raised up on pulpy Golden Age sci-fi and briefly gives them agency and texture.
The year's biggest letdown. [Full review in Spanish]
Tomorrowland is a folly and a failure, though there is something touching in its failure, tied as it is to the vision and personality of Walt Disney himself.
Loving a future that used to be "better," as Frank terms it, a future imagined before cynicism was pervasive (at least for cute white boys like Frank used to be), the movie is predictably incoherent. It wants an old future, one that's long gone.
From the jump, Tomorrowland is devoted more to looking good than being good.
[An] Übermensch philosophy melded with Disney's blue-sky, pixie-dust cheerfulness.
A solid film with unclear intentions and an apparent lack of a primary protagonist.
...It's really nice to escape into the gleaming piece of chrome-ornamented optimism that is the Disney brand... but handcuffed by the happy ending edict, Tomorrowland hits a hollow note in its final frames as it beckons the big exit through gift shop.
If you can get past its narrative muddle, really irritating dialogue and a plethora of unanswered questions, Tomorrowland offers a potent metaphor about the triumph of human hope and ingenuity. Wish it were enough.
Tomorrowland boasts some excellent visual appeal, but sadly it does nothing to mask the multitude of faults found in the story, including a poor structure and a severely underwhelming conclusion.
The message of Brad Bird's latest is admirable and delivered well -- hoping to inspire young generations and shoot some life into the notion of optimism that cinema should really be all about.
There's so much great stuff in this movie that doesn't even remotely hang together.
Let's just say that the film is a self-reflective essay on the different way we look at the future in 2015 than we did in 1955. It also has some stern things to say about ignoring climate change -- in a very Disney sort of way.
Tomorrowland is strong on character, action and a general sense of wonder, but it needs to take a good, hard look at itself when it comes to tying up plot strands in a satisfying manner.
It's hard to say exactly who the audience is for this packed-to-the-brim, sci-fi/action-adventure/family romp.
Tomorrowland makes for a fun and exciting adventure.
The road to Tomorrowland is paved with good intentions that leave you wanting much more out of this beautifully designed science-fiction fantasy that expects more out of all of us if Earth is to survive.
Bird's a consummate filmmaker. He's crafted a movie that celebrates exceptional people, prizes optimism over cynicism and ends with the idea that a better world is possible if we just try to find it.
It is nice to see a summer family film, where, for a change, the emphasis is as much on thought-provoking story as it is on action.
Hammering home its simplistic political messages as only Disney (and co-writer Damon Lindelof) can, director Bird's film has its moments, but mostly feels so yesterday.
A grandly magical, if scatterbrained, vision of our future that's neither a time nor a place, but an idea.
One of the drawbacks to the film is the length. Director Bird seems so intent on dazzling the audience that he seems to have lost his watch.
Um filme que deve ser visto com olhos infantis.
Tomorrowland is meant to be uplifting, and I came out of it thoroughly depressed.
What we mostly get served is lazy writing, lazy storytelling and an obscene waste of money -- all to show us what a mess the world is in. We don't need a ticket to see that.
Kids and teens should have a riot with the goofy robots, a neat small role by Key and Peele's Keegan-Michael Key and the fun action but adults expecting more will probably be slightly disappointed.
It's slickly packaged, but below its surface Brad Bird's Tomorrowland is a preachy, chaotic jumble of themes and style at odds with itself from the get-go.
Tomorrowland concludes with as palpable a thud as one could possibly envision...
Tomorrowland is co-written with Bird by Damon Lindehof, tapping a similar dimension-bending beat as his TV hit Lost. Like that puzzler, Tomorrowland's plot leads viewers down a few too many rabbit holes without carrots to show for it.
An exciting look at the possibilities of the future and the necessity for determination, dedication and optimism to achieve it.
A fresh take on familiar science fiction, an excellent cast and good execution. [full review in Spanish]
When Bird's movie clicks, it's easy to believe that human intelligence and ingenuity can overcome impending global disaster. That's why he should have given his audience more credit and not spelled everything out for them.
Tries to save humanity from itself
While Tomorrowland didn't reach its financial expectations, time will surely confirm its richness. Bird & Lindelof have created something quite remarkable, a rare gem amongst other treasures. Cherish it.
Hollywood hastens its entropic slide with a dystopic children's story that lacks cohesion, logic, and even style.
'Tomorrowland' is an enjoyable mess of a movie that will appeal to Disney-philes and kids.
hardly a perfect film, but it is a breath of fresh air amidst all the thoughtless destruction that seems to have become the de facto subject of most summer movies
A deeply personal blockbuster. It feels like actual human beings made it instead of some anonymous, corporate focus-group Marvel committee.
With Athena the android replacing Clarence the angel, it's an 'It's a Wonderful Life' for the 21st century...
Director Brad Bird fills the movie with moments of brilliance, especially visually, but it falls apart in the final act and ends without a satisfying conclusion.
If only it didn't feel like Bird and Lindelof struggled to find a way to capture a fantasy utopia built by the best minds in a fashion that produced something new.
Bird, usually a master of pacing (exhibit A: "Mission: Impossible - Ghost Protocol"), here creates a laborious build-up to the action, and the exposition scenes stretch out with dull clichs.
All of the ingredients of the film are there, and many parts of it are beguiling summer movie candy; it's just not a great story.
I liked this film and I like its pro-science message of optimism. It is well-acted and the special effects are great, but the story, and its message are both over simplistic and muddled by side stories.
It's not that the movie is bad, per se, but it's just so undisciplined ... It's like a one hundred and ninety million dollar improvisation.
Contains enough plot mechanics and dazzling special effects to fuel a few summer blockbusters. The storyline may be too complex and mature for younger viewers. Adults and teens, however, will find much to appreciate and enjoy.
Tomorrowland proves too preachy for adults yet too confronting for children.
Though it's not director Brad Bird's first retro-futuristic rodeo, Tomorrowland is his most stridently sermonizing.
Put on a very simple level, "Tomorrowland" feels like science fiction grounded in Rev. Norman Vincent Peale's "The Power of Positive Thinking" -- minus the God stuff.
Disney's beautifully designed, clumsily plotted movie muddle...Tomorrowland is the latest film to prove Disney's new-found mastery of meta-cinema, wherein they make films that are essentially about Disney products.
I was hoping for more, but what it delivers is worth your time, and the butt kicking robot kid rules.
The movie is a near-brilliant nexus of art, craftsmanship and marketing, painting a compellingly optimistic picture of the power of children and the young at heart to shape the future.
However inspiring their Disney source material may have been, writer-director Brad Bird and co-writer Damon Lindelof have fashioned an uninspiring muddle of a movie.
.. Feels like a lot of build-up to a story the filmmakers don't care to tell.
As a recruitment poster for dreamers and reformers, Tomorrowland falls short. As a movie event, it's the most dispiriting letdown of the season so far.
It's kind of like an Apple Watch - a new invention that's flashy but isn't practical or as impressive as it should be.
It's a hard heart that would resist Clooney's appeal to his audience to just -- for once -- be amazed.
An aggressively optimistic script admonishes the lazy and irresolute and urges humanity to end war and save the environment; the proselytizing burdens an already onerous plot.
When I say that it sounds good on paper, it turns out that, in practice, that's the only place it works.
There is more than enough genuine wonder in Tomorrowland to justify your attention. Unless you're a cynical jerk.
This overly preachy film displays a low opinion of the human race, despite its forced hopefulness about how the dreamers of the world are the ones who can save the future.
A passion project without any passion evident in the final product, Tomorrowland is a 130-minute exercise in mystification.
The ultimate in corporate synergy.
Bird's focus is clearly on the power of invention, but he is preoccupied with creating James Bond-like gadgetry, rather than a cohesive or mildly interesting narrative.
Exhilarating on every level.
In places, the CGI mayhem is snazzy, but mostly the whole business is exhausting. It hardly helps that Robertson comes close to exceeding the perkiness limit even for a Disney product.
Submit uncritically to the spectacle, the in-the-moment rush. Soon the movie is whizzing off into the past and future with the wide-eyed elan of a spiffing theme-park ride.
Brad Bird's film plays like a giant rollercoaster ride, complete with thrilling peaks and troughs, appealing to all ages with its genuine sense of fun, originality and brilliant structure
'Tomorrowland' is a lovingly crafted beacon of cinematic hope that winds up being a little overwritten and a little too on the nose.
I would be lying if I said that Tomorrowland didn't get to me during the first half. [full review in Spanish]
Yet, not even [Brad Bird's] CV could have prepared him for the task of wrapping his head around a Damon Lindelof screenplay. Mission: No, For Real, Like Actually Impossible.
The plot barely supports itself over the course of two hours. [full review in Spanish]
A conventional, redundant story that has nothing new to tell. [full review in Spanish]
This film by Brad Bird has a complex story with a childish vision. A movie meant for both kids and adults. [full review in Spanish]
This is a movie without any amount of cynicism in it. [full review in Spanish]
Despite an intriguing setup and strong visuals, the film ends up feeling empty. [full review in Spanish]
Although "Tomorrowland" never runs out of objects or ideas, its supply of dramatic fuel soon springs a leak.
In the end it plays like a classic Pixar film: promising a ride but delivering ideas.
You can't escape the impression this was originally written as an animated film, mostly because things occasionally go all Wile E. Coyote on us.
This is not a film about technology being the final answer - this is a movie about humanity's continuing need for more questions.
Leadened by a dull script and lacklustre visuals, Tomorrowland cannot match its well-meaning message about the power of hope and saving the future right now with its primary mission to be an entertaining movie.
Its heart is in the right place, even if the story is uneven and filled with plot holes.
For a movie that celebrates dreams, Tomorrowland is too mechanically plotted and replete with robot-on-robot and human-on-robot violence.
Tomorrowland is full of visual pleasures and sweet sounding platitudes, but ultimately you know it's an innocuous attraction.
I liked it, but then I loved The Rocketeer, an opinion that proved as unpopular as the film!
Until its final act, Tomorrowland plays as a lighthearted techno-conspiracy thriller, Men in Black by way of Nancy Drew with the occasional whiff of Philip K. Dick paranoia and Pixarian high concept.
The movie saves the worst for last, unfurling a trite, cacophonous finale so stupendously dumb it will please no one
Tomorrowland has its feet planted squarely in the optimistic sense of wonder that Walt Disney himself believed in. And that's okay.
A sci-fi film that asks a central spiritual question: What is needed for the great work of tikkun -- repairing the world?
It's full of up-with-people messages, liberal ideals and progressive viewpoints -- all good stuff. But such stances need to be organically woven into the fabric of the piece or you end up with a heavy-handed, preachy screed. You end up with Tomorrowland.
Bird gives the action plenty of zip and there are some enjoyably inventive set pieces.
Tomorrowland is "Spy Kids" in space. Which turns out not be a bad thing although it may come as a surprise to those who have watched George Clooney do the P.R. rounds, hefting his epic charm as if it were Thor's hammer.
For a while, it doesn't matter that the plot meanders. The story seems like a jigsaw puzzle inviting us to solve it. That's the fun part. However, when the resolution is presented, it underwhelms.
Tomorrowland is a fun adventure with big ideas and a lot of heart, but somehow winds up lacking in both
While Tomorrowland's sermonizing left me feeling grumpy... it may well have an entirely different effect on impressionable children.
There's just nowhere near as much excitement as you'd expect for a movie all about a place, "millions of exponential deviances away," built by the smartest people in the world.
There's plenty for kids to enjoy -- laser guns, jet packs, space ships and plenty of tricks to fire a fertile imagination. At the same time, it also manages to mix in a message about environmentalism and cautious idealism regarding the future.
Over-engineered and not as smart as its makers wish it to be, but interesting enough for a visit.
Though the film has some wonderful things in it, it's not full of wonder like it ought to be.
A stubbornly rose-colored throwback to a time before dystopias became de rigueur, with a vaguely anti-war, pro-environment agenda and a didactic message.
A mess. Idiotic nonsense from Corporation Disney.
As busted-but-pretty inspirational sci-fi epics of the recent past go, I'll take Tomorrowland and its wacky, zippy action over Interstellar; Tomorrowland isn't that bad a place to visit, but it's hard to imagine wanting to live there.
Tomorrowland is like something a science fiction-obsessed 12-year-old would come up with following a trip to Disneyland. And I mean that in the best possible sense.
Haphazard storytelling and static character dynamics, spread out over 130 minutes, work against the movie's message.
Maybe it really is a small, small world, after all. Now I'm super-curious about the secret purpose of Mr. Toad's Wild Ride.
The film suffers from uneven storytelling.
We like apocalyptic futures, one character says, because they ask nothing of us; Tomorrowland can't quite sell the alternative, but at least it dares to imagine something different.
The film's eco-friendly concerns and general tone of messianic optimism are welcome.
Brings a sheer sense of wonder and imagination that calls to mind vintage Spielberg, an optimism that is warm and contagious and another great female lead for summer.
Tomorrowland isn't terrible but, given its potential to be great, I left the cinema feeling rather sad.
Every minute of Tomorrowland, when you think about it later, starts to feel like a scold.
It is a Saturday morning matinee crossed with a Sunday service sermon but what really hits home is the thrill of the high-speed chases and the movie magic deployed to create a sense of awe and wonder.
The plot of Brad (Ratatouille) Bird's Tomorrowland is an incomprehensible muddle. A Wachowski screenplay reimagined by William Burroughs would be easier to follow.
It's more of a heartbreaking disappointment than an expensive disaster.
... has a futuristic vision that is stylishly and sometimes spectacularly rendered, but without much substance beneath the spectacle.
Visually exciting sci-fi adventure has unexpected violence.
An incredibly maudlin, preachy, annoyingly mercantile public service announcement aimed squarely at eight-year-olds.
Tomorrowland is a poorly executed great idea. Funny always makes these movies click. The humor in this one fails miserably.
So many of the disparate elements of Tomorrowland work that it's kind of heartbreaking to see it saddled with an inconsistent script.
Has so much going for it that you wonder, as you watch it stretch past the two-hour mark, why it isn't actually going anywhere-or anywhere you feel able to go with it, anyway.
When a film that's supposed to be trying to do something different ends with yet another climax featuring a hero and a villain fighting as a doomsday machine clicks down to zero, it's kind of depressing.
Shouldn't a magical destination be, well, magical? Instead of leaving our jaws agape in wonder, Tomorrowland's architecture looks like a cross between Disney's Epcot Center and a high-end shopping mall.
It's certainly an interesting picture when it wants to be. Unfortunately, Bird doesn't always want it to be.
It feels dated visually, its narrative is spotty and its characters too broadly defined. On the whole, "Tomorrowland" plays like "Interstellar" for 8 year-olds with Disney's animatrons thrown in for no discernible reason.
The tone is uneven as we get outlandish, winking, comic goofiness alongside epic conflagration packaged with saccharine sentiment. It is disappointing.
Superbly staged action sequences and gorgeously imagined settings underlie ideas about creativity, optimism, and the power of ideas and imagination
Tomorrowland turned out to be the dumbed down version of everything I hoped it might be.
The upbeat message, of not letting go of dreams and facing a bright future with confidence, is hardly original for a kids' flick, but it's certainly unusual for a sci-fi movie.
Eye-popping and message-laden ...
Come for the humor and thrills and visual delights - there are many. Leave with the thought in your head: We can, we need to, do better. This is summer moviemaking at its best.
Sometimes you have all the right ingredients, and something still doesn't come together quite right. That's the case with "Tomorrowland," Disney's latest theme-park-based movie, and that's a bit of a tragedy.
Disney's recklessly ambitious sci-fi adventure joins The Lone Ranger in the file marked "noble failure".
If only all of director Brad Bird's fantasy adventure had lived up to its promise.
It's surprisingly hollow entertainment -- a film with noble intentions and grand aspirations that drags us along for a two-hour adventure that we never really care about.
Little fresh to hold your attention or better yet capture your imagination. A better future may be on the horizon, but it doesn't arrive in 'Tomorrowland.'
I suspect there's a spectacular movie hiding in Tomorrowland, but you'd have to get past the preaching to find it.
Tomorrowland is a crazy, disjointed mess. But it's the good sort of crazy, and it's the sort of mess you want to lose yourself in.
There are elements of "Lost" and "Indiana Jones" in here but they can't overcome this film's obvious narrative shortcomings.
Tomorrowland never quite soars.
Robertson makes a consistently engaging lead, ably assisted by Clooney as her world-weary foil.
An overly busy film that can, at times, be unbearably preachy.
Tomorrowland is a highly original, occasionally even visionary piece of sci-fi filmmaking, but that doesn't necessarily make it a good movie.
A spectacular ride for most of it, and while you're a little let down at the end, you kind of want to jump back on and do it all over again.
It's kind of an unholy mess, but never less than interesting and engaging.
A gloppy, scattered sop to the power of positive thinking from director Brad Bird (The Incredibles, which offered a much sharper take on the subject of being special).
Once upon a time there were these things called movies and they told stories. Then Hollywood made so much money from branding, licensing and merchandising that they stopped telling stories and just started chucking stuff at the screen.
Tomorrowland is weakened by its own relentless optimism.
It's a rare piece of family entertainment that warrants a discussion afterwards. Given the intellectually disposable nature of most summer entertainments, that's the film's innate reason for hope.
Unlikely to be remembered in decades to come - or even in months to come, once the next teenage dystopian fantasy inserts itself into movie houses.
As much as you wish it were otherwise, "Tomorrowland" works in only fits and starts.
It gets a tad heavy-handed, but my eyes welled with tears of geeky joy at the film's embrace of an optimism it steadfastly refuses to see as old-fashioned.
This script could have used a few less dreamers and a couple more realists to make a solid series of elements fit better together.
Tomorrowland ultimately dispenses with subtlety altogether and clubs viewers over the head with its It's a Small World After All message (yes, this is a Disney film). Still, there's much to admire.
This film fights the good fight.
For all of its vaulting ambition, its sumptuous eye-feasts and its leapings back and forth in space and time, "Tomorrowland" never comes together as coherent drama in the here and now.
Brad Bird presents a gorgeously wrought, hopeful future vision in Tomorrowland, infusing the family film with enough entertaining action and retro-themed whiz bang to forgive an awkward opening and third-act weakness.
"Tomorrowland" delivers a loud and clear message of hope for humanity, which is a welcome thing to hear at any point in time.
Corny, childish gibberish writ large.
When it works, it's a true wonder. When it doesn't, it barely dodges disappointment.
Optimistic spirit makes up for flaws in "Tomorrowland."
Brad Bird's Tomorrowland, a noble failure about trying to succeed, is written and directed with such open-hearted optimism that you cheer it on even as it stumbles.
Deficient in magic and decidedly short on enchantment, as well as tiresomely preachy.
The movie leaves a bunch of questions unanswered but rockets ahead in such entertaining style that I scarcely minded.
Brad Bird's sci-fi adventure starts off brilliantly as a mystery, then devolves into a series of chases. It's not quite a jetpack ride, but entertaining enough to recommend.
Tomorrowland is so utterly committed to ol' Uncle Walt's senses of human endeavor and wonder that it becomes a poignant bit of nostalgia.
Maybe the ultimate goal of "Tomorrowland" remains obscure because once you know where the story is headed, you realize it's a familiar tale. The movie can conjure up futuristic images, but the story is nothing we haven't seen before.
"Tomorrowland" ... wants to stress the importance of the people in our midst who dream big but, instead, buries those very people under a lecture avalanche. The result is a movie about wonder that has virtually no sense of wonder of its own.
A well-oiled machine of visuals, and yet a wobbling rattletrap of storytelling, the sci-fi fantasy "Tomorrowland" is an unwieldy clunker driven into the ditch at full speed.
Rapturous on a scene-by-scene basis and nearly incoherent when taken as a whole, the movie is idealistic and deranged, inspirational and very, very conflicted.
Not even a baby Einstein could follow this nonsensical plot, and even if your kids stay awake, the payoff is paltry.
The film is ambitious, challenging the audience to keep up. That's a plus, mostly.
Tomorrowland looks fantastic, and we spend far too little time there.
Great films have meaning to their message, all Tomorrowland does is shout from the mountain top that we're doing it all wrong. Well, Brad Bird, so are you.
I liked it enough to give it a recommendation. The visual effects are top-notch, and the storyline is interesting enough to keep us engaged. (Full Content Review -- Profanity, Violence, etc. -- for Parents also available)
This is a movie that thinks the way to make people smile is by constantly exhorting them to smile. It feels like a Frankenstein's monster created from the spare parts of religion, The Secret, and a Steve Jobs keynote address.
Tomorrowland has its flaws, yet it's also a compelling movie, with a lot of cool ideas.
Tomorrowland may be structurally flawed, but it is also wonderfully imaginative, visually arresting and completely daring. That makes it a winner for audiences willing to submit to the awkward flow of the narrative.
Despite all its inventive visuals, unrelenting action sequences and time-twisty turnabouts, Tomorrowland gallops through a gauntlet of pushy product placements and confusing, context-challenged episodic events.
[T]he themes & ultimate revelation of messaging is serious, emotionally compelling stuff, the journey is tremendously enjoyable & the characters are charmingly authentic.
Tomorrowland leaves nothing to chance and, as a result, seems more like a calculation than a flight of fancy. Still, many of its calculations add up.
It may take its name from a 60-year-old section of Disney World, but this movie is as right here, right now as it gets.
Big summer blockbusters are so rarely optimistic that it's tricky to know how to take this movie...
This theme-park-inspired adventure is one small step for cinema, one giant leap for corporate synergy.
Tomorrowland is the most enchanting reactionary cultural diatribe ever made. It's so smart, so winsome, so utterly rejuvenating that you'll have to wait until your eyes have dried and your buzz has worn off before you can begin to argue with it.
It's important to note that "Tomorrowland" is not disappointing in the usual way. It's not another glib, phoned-in piece of franchise mediocrity but rather a work of evident passion and conviction. What it isn't is in any way convincing or enchanting.
"Tomorrowland" has so much going for it that it is difficult not to be let down by the reality of what has found its way to the screen.
Despite a first hour that sometimes seems as if the movie itself will never arrive anywhere, hold on. The future is bright.
Though it's made with great energy and inventiveness, there's something ultimately muddy about "Tomorrowland"; it's as if director Brad Bird got so caught up in the sets and effects and whooshing editing that the story somehow slipped away.
To say that "Tomorrowland" is a disappointment isn't really fair. If this reviewer was eight years old, it would seem like one of the best movies ever.
Instead of an actual adventure story, Tomorrowland is more of a presentation about the concept of adventure stories.
Beyond its visuals, Tomorrowland has a rather upsetting worldview that seems jumbled at best and strangely fascistic at worst.
An awkward, labored narrative structure derails any chance for Bird and co-writer Damon Lindelof to explore the progressive concepts they're so keen to introduce.
This is a movie written copyright first.
Bird has made a film that every child should see. And if his $190 million dream flops, he'll be asking the same question as his movie: When did it become uncool to care?
We've got a movie about a futuristic city that doesn't spend much time in the futuristic city, instead focusing on a road trip/chase plot line with mostly uninteresting characters.
The heady thrills of nostalgia power this spectacular looking ride along and it's a lot of fun while it lasts.
When all is said and done, this movie may not change the world, but it demands courage from those who might have the necessary spark to do so. That, in itself, is a great endeavour.
The movie's sense of fun, though, won me over in the end, and ultimately being Brad Bird's least-best film is still pretty good.
Noble intentions don't always net smashing results, and such is the case with the disappointing "Tomorrowland" ...
Tomorrowland comes across as sentimental, overthought, overpolished, and artificial in a way that implies Disney Channel thinking at every step.
Tomorrowland has the ragged, jagged feel of a tale that was reworked countless times on the page, during production and in the editing room.
There's some impressive spectacle but once Tomorrowland finally goes "a world beyond", Bird's film turns from fairly engaging adventure movie into a clunky mess.
Let me just say I mostly admired "Tomorrowland" and think Brad Bird is the kind of Disney we need right now.
Bird stages the PG mayhem with his usual grasp of dimension and space, his gift for action that's timed like physical comedy. He keeps the whole thing moving, even when it begins to feel bogged down by preachiness and sci-fi exposition.
Curiously vacant characters and curiously pulse-less whimsy...lumbers, middlebrow and tiresome, when it should be daytripping the light fantastic...
Is anything more dispiriting than a failed attempt at inspiration?
I haven't been involved this little in a world where the title suggests otherwise since "Transformers: Age of Extinction" gave us just ten minutes of dinobots.
Somewhere on its way to becoming a live-action Disney classic, Bird's well-crafted illusion flickers and fades, a casualty of faulty storytelling.
Here, the way forward is backward, on a path that stumbles into misplaced nostalgia and dicey humanism.
Ambitious, pretentious and pretty -- but falls way short of its hype.
"Tomorrowland" wears its big movie heart on its sleeve, which is to its advantage.
Tomorrowland is an audacious, untidy work that wants us to be better and dream bigger. It's that rare summer blockbuster with something to say, and even if it stumbles over its words at times, we'd nonetheless be well advised to listen.
This is the first major disappointment of the summer movie season. (Box office aside, I wasn't really expecting "Pitch Perfect 2" to be the "Godfather 2" of a cappella musicals.)
The film never adds up to the sum of its parts, effectively a two-hour trailer for a movie I'd still be interested in seeing.
"Tomorrowland" is so enchanted with what's on the horizon, it often forgets to keeps it eyes on the here and now.
Joy sold separately.
Strip "Tomorrowland" down to its essentials, and you get an ending out of "I'd like to teach the world to sing" and a moral which boils down to: Just be positive, OK? So OK. I'm positive "Tomorrowland" was a disappointment.
Despite all its flaws, this grown up still comes away from Tomorrowland wishing there was more of it to see and would gladly take that trip.
It summons something like 'The Flight of the Navigator,' only better plotted and with up-to-date f/x.
The film is a personal work of art that seems born of stubborn passion.
Tomorrowland isn't part of a franchise, a sequel or a reboot, so it wins points for originality. The third act is disappointing, but Bird makes the journey joyous and unique.
Incredible special effects and production design, insipid, flat story.
Painstakingly idealistic, and all too contrived, feeling more akin to an recruitment advertisement for NASA, than a piece of fantastical cinema.
Spiritually simplistic, it's a family-friendly sci-fi adventure fantasy...
Taking the warm '60s nostalgia of The Iron Giant, the quick-fire pace and 'toon energy of The Incredibles and the elaborate yet taut action of Ghost Protocol, Bird blends everything into a thoroughly modern slice of vintage Disney.
Bird and Lindelof have thrown everything they have at this film and, aside from a pause for breath at the end, they've made something funny, surprising and packed full of wonder.
Disney's futuristic family adventure is not just solid summer entertainment, but also one of the most forward-thinking films to come out of any major studio.
When it puts down its copy of 'Political Philosophy for Dummies' and focuses on character and action, 'Tomorrowland' is a blast.
A rare blockbuster which runs off of ideas rather than pure adrenaline.
For all its initial narrative intrigue and visual splendor, winds up feeling like a hollow, hucksterish Trojan horse of a movie ...
All hands on both sides of the camera do outstanding work.
"Tomorrowland" is a globe-trotting, time-traveling caper whose giddy visual whimsies and exuberant cartoon violence are undermined by a coy mystery that stretches as long as the line for "Space Mountain" on a hot summer day.
The message of the movie is admirable and well-woven in, but as a film, it is taken down by its messiness.
Two hours of shaggy, pointless and often boring film hung on what should have been an editorial about the state of scifi.
Days later I was still thinking about the weird, wild optimism that runs through the movie's veins - while the misfires were steadily fading from memory.
When your entire film is a Mystery Box, then it would seem imperative to make sure there's actually something in the box once it's opened.
It has a good message, but it's hypocrisy because the film celebrates exactly what it's condemning
... as Hollywood's biggest movies become ever more reliant on being "dark and gritty", brownie points should go to Bird for countering all that by coming up with something that's buoyantly optimistic.
Less a blockbuster action film than a stern but well-intentioned lecture accompanied by an elaborate audiovisual presentation.
"Tomorrowland" soars with such giddy, gee-whiz spirit that it almost feels rude to point out that, eventually, it resigns itself to being merely a competent action-adventure spectacle.
The third act is a profound disappointment, but the journey is enjoyable enough to merit a trip.
Fantastically inventive and clever, but Honest Trailers is going to have a field day with this one.
Inspiration: achieved.

@highlight

Ambitious and visually stunning, Tomorrowland is unfortunately weighted down by uneven storytelling.