Dumb comedy should be cited for bad taste.
At least Larry the Cable Guy's brief movie career kept Hollywood's fart-sound proprietors in business. What, you thought an opening shot of his bared plumber's crack was an arbitrary artistic decision? That there's foreshadowin' right there!
Poor Joe Pantoliano, Kid Rock, and Joanna Cassidy get mixed up in the flatulence.
Though some of his one-liners are pretty good, his shtick can't sustain this dutifully scripted comedy.
It's not a movie; it's a cause for dismay.
Envision what food poisoning does to a gastrointestinal tract. Now think of that substance as fodder for the lowest aiming standup act in America.
The film is a toxic stew of stupidity that is so foul and rank that even the most forgiving fans of such corn-pone humor are liable to slink out of the theater.
Larry's routine becomes considerably more embarrassing the longer it continues.
More depressing than unfunny.
It's admittedly gross and poorly scripted, but amiable enough for those who enjoy dumb Southern-fried fun.
Not one gratuitous 'Git-Er-Done!' was uttered during the composition of this review.
OK, are you eating anything? Potato chips, breakfast cereal...anything at all? Please stop, if you plan on reading any further in this review of "Larry the Cable Guy: Health Inspector," because this movie is so revolting.
It'd be tempting to call Larry the Ernest of his generation, but that'd be a grave insult to Jim Varney's enduring legacy.
The very existence of Larry the Cable Guy would seem like a pretty good argument against the concept of Intelligent Design.
Flatulence ensues.
Movies like Larry the Cable Guy: Health Inspector may be critic-proof, but even die-hard fans of country crude will have to admit that a little Larry goes a long way.
What is surprising and worth noting, though, is the quality of talent that's sadly squandered in comedian Larry the Cable Guy's feature film debut.
Unpleasant, uncouth and painfully unfunny, Larry the Cable Guy attempts lowbrow humor with neither the wit of the Farrelly brothers nor the raunchy inventiveness of Keenen Ivory Wayans.
When lists of the 10 worst movies of 2006 start coming out, you'll know it's been a truly abominable year if Larry the Cable Guy: Health Inspector doesn't rate a slot near the top.
[A] rattletrap star vehicle.
Virtually unwatchable and laugh-free.
The job involves an upcoming cooking contest, a sleazy mayor, a corrupt restaurateur and a supporting cast of characters so ugly, stupid and hygienically revolting that they make Larry seem almost tolerable.
The low road always wins out.
If the movie's witless, it's also pretty harmless.
Toilet humor, jokes about paraplegics and serious overacting make this lowbrow comedy an irritating watch.
I'd pay to see "Ron White: Health Inspector and his stupid sidekick Larry," but Larry alone just cain't "Get-er-done."
(an) 85-minute tribute to flatulence, vomiting and the ample rump of its star. ...'Wake up and smell the catbox,' Larry declares... Buy a ticket to 'Health Inspector,' and you'll know exactly what he means.
It reeks of desperation, among other things.
That's how awful this picture is. It can't even come up with new diarrhea jokes.
Shoddy screenwriting devices simply pass the time for Whitney to sling hillbilly-isms at admirers of his stand-up comedy.
Whenever Larry isn't pensively biting on his chaw, he's barking out obscene one-liners in a guttural, noxious stream of little nasty explosions. He's a greasy, oil-burning joke jalopy.
It was only a matter of time before [Larry] got his own critic-proof movie.
Larry isn't an evil movie, but it is a symptom of the problems inherent in gross-out humor.
It's a free-for-all in comedy's gutter, a 'bad' movie that still manages to keep you giggling convulsively, even though you know you shouldn't.
Team Cable Guy has made a junky, throwaway comedy that will almost certainly appeal to his fans, for at least the first half hour. Then it runs out of gas. Or jokes. The gas Larry seems to have in no short supply.
Somewhere in this film is the germ of a really good comedy, but they blew it.



@highlight

An aggressively lowbrow vehicle for its titular star, this gross-out comedy fails to "git-r-done."