Provocative look at Hitler's last days is extremely violent.
...an unflinching, hard, relentlessly honest movie that refuses to ask questions that have easy answers. It is also brilliantly acted, written and focused...
Does Downfall "humanize" Hitler and his henchmen, as its critics have complained? Yes, and it should: to pretend these villains were less than human is to let ourselves off the hook, to take the easy and dangerous exit of demonology.
"Downfall" isn't about commuting history's sentence for the Nazis, but heeding its warning - a gruesome, sustained-tension lesson about informed politics and whether those who left evil to its own devices could arrive at a place of complicit guilt.
It's reach exceeds its grasp; nonetheless, a compelling study of Hitler's last days.
As the first German-made film about Hitler's ruination since G.W. Pabst's "Der Letzte Akt" ("The Last Act" - 1956) "Downfall" is a stunning cinematic achievement that illuminates minutiae about the last 10 days of the nefarious German leader who won the h
What an act of bravery it was to make Downfall.
Features a staggeringly creepy performance by Bruno Ganz, whose Hitler is both a raving psychotic and a beaten, melancholic man.
Downfall is an admirably matter-of-fact history lesson of a movie, but next to real footage of real people with real memories of those days, it pales by comparison.
An important historical movie about the last days of the Third Reich.
Es un atinado recordatorio de que, como humanidad, debimos haber aprendido la lección, pues de otra forma estamos condenados a repetir la historia, para bien o para mal.
The subject matter itself is the fallback support, which is good enough for its purposes, though it could've benefited from a more steered momentum.
La película es una nueva y bienvenida mirada hacia eventos históricos que nos han sido contados prácticamente en exclusiva desde el bando ganador.
There have been plenty of World War II films over the years, but none delivers as intimate a portrait of German dictator Adolf Hitler and his comrades.
...succeeds, for the most part, in painstakingly depicting who did what when, but beyond that, it is a missed opportunity.
A lot of movies have been made about Adolf Hitler, but this is certainly one of the best; it shows the psychology that goes on when a leader and his followers fall from power.
A long stare into an abyss from which no comforting answers can emerge.
The film's searing portrayal of an utterly pathetic fanaticism is its most enduring effect.
Downfall, along with the well-done additional [DVD] special features, is a must-see film for anyone who considers themselves a history buff, a film junkie or both.
Downfall takes on the unenviable task of portraying [Hitler] as a man, rather than a caricature or parody as the norm has dictated.
Offers a harrowing look at the Nazi downfall.
Hirschbiegel and Eichenger -- with the help of a blistering performance by Ganz -- strip away the myth from the monster, laying bare the utter banality of his evil.
Juggling multiple characters and plot lines with rare finesse, the movie cuts from tense meetings inside Hitler's bunker to the mayhem and carnage on the streets of Berlin outside.
...a serious and useful film in that it reminds us that the capacity for evil is a human trait.
Força-nos a praticar uma das maiores virtudes do ser humano: compaixão. E esta é sua grande lição: a compreensão de que o ódio cego nos diminui tanto quanto ao inimigo.
Fascinating as it is, Downfall would have benefited from a tighter perspective.
Insightful, chilling
While it's deeply disturbing and often difficult to watch, Downfall is a towering achievement that shouldn't be missed.
Ganz enthuses a dominating passion that wilts all those around him.
May be the definitive account of Hitler's final days and the collapse of the Third Reich.
...particularly detailed in showing the military and social crumbling of the Reich, perhaps too detailed at more than two and a half hours...
Bruno Ganz dominates "Downfall," a long but never dull look at Hitler's final days in his Berlin bunker.
As unfathomable as it may seem, Downfall might just summon some brief, but fleeting empathy for the devil, as it were.
Some demons are too extreme to comprehend, but Hirschbiegel's film nonetheless provides a painfully unflinching glimpse into the outer workings of the mortally wounded Third Reich.
absolutely brilliant in depicting with sharp historical accuracy how a destructive system will eventually turn on itself
Bruno Ganz ... is terrific as Hitler, fully depicting his physical frailties ... and brilliantly capturing his speech patterns but never allowing the performance to become a caricature.
crams all the madness and perversity of the Third Reich into twelve days in a claustrophobic bunker.
pays such attention to detail that the viewer feels privy to surveillance tapes inside the Führer's headquarters
There are war films, and there are films about the Nazis. Downfall is more personal and more riveting than either.
With a steely, unblinking resolve, Downfall stares into the abyss, but does not pretend to comprehend it.
It certainly benefits from the presence of Ganz, the veteran German character actor who portrays Hitler.
n the end, Downfall can't cut through Hitler's enigma, but it does powerfully illuminate the people drawn to him.
[A]n epic without an epic hero, an epic of deserved defeat.
Downfall doesn't let us down when it comes to telling what happened, but it has trouble coming up with how or why.
While he doesn't necessarily sympathize with Hitler and his cronies, Oliver Hirschbiegel does make the fuehrer seem almost human with Downfall.
Ganz, though, remains the film's riveting centerpiece.
Bruno Ganz's extraordinary performance as Adolph Hitler makes Downfall a riveting experience.
The film warns us to be wary of True Believers of any affiliation. 'They gave us the mandate,' says Goebbels. 'And now their little throats are being cut.'
A somber accounting crafted with impressive verisimilitude and anchored by Bruno Ganz's rock-solid performance as the Führer...perhaps the definitive film on its subject.
Give him a hunchback, and Ganz's Hitler could be Richard III offering his kingdom for a tank.
Viewed through a North American lens, the movie itself seems more familiar than fascinating, more innocuous than inflammatory, and, at 21/2 hours, more tedious than anything else.
A masterful piece of storytelling.
A hypnotizing experience that so completely grips the viewer that when you stumble from the theater after 2 1/2 hours, you carry the unshakable sensation of having eavesdropped on history.
For emotional effect it trades less in the spectacle of ebbing power than the tragedy of power's mysterious thrall.
A dense, long and claustrophobic look at the fall of Berlin and Hitler's final days.
Hirschbiegel and Ganz are not apologizing for Nazism. They are trying to come to terms with the fact that the evils of Nazism were invented and carried out by human beings.
The question of moral culpability raised by the movie is interesting and complex
Ganz is astonishing, tackling his unseemly subject with guts, vigor and a fair share of eerie charm.
In a remarkable performance, perhaps the most impressive portrait of Hitler ever captured on film, Bruno Ganz plays Hitler as delusional, hateful and cruel man -- but also human.
The attempt at understanding is the goal of history, and of art too. And the success of 'Downfall' is that it manages to be both.
Harrowingly claustrophobic, and mesmerizing ... It drains your spirit, but you can't look away.
Downfall doesn't provide much new material, but it should prove valuable for generations as a historical document, despite its several odd stances.
The film works best when the camera moves outside Hitler's bunker to the war-torn city on the surface.
Intriguing, oddly banal and ultimately deflating.
Ganz seems to find exactly the right pitch: His Hitler feels real and human, yet there's nothing particularly ingratiating or sentimentalized about him. We never forget who he is.
The final scenes of chaos in mid-1945 Berlin ... are simply riveting.
There are many lessons to be gleaned from Downfall. Perhaps the most important is that absolute faith in one's own virtue is not a commitment to virtuous behavior but a commitment to one's own will. It's a license to commit atrocities.
Succeeds, perhaps too well for us to believe Hitler was some aberration who could never happen again.
A figure as large and infamous as Hitler creates a certain amount of inevitable fascination, and Downfall definitely benefits from such curiosity.
It provides a compelling glimpse at a nation wrestling with its greatest demon.
What Downfall has going for it is a once-in-a-lifetime performance from Bruno Ganz.
It is useful to reflect that racism, xenophobia, grandiosity and fear are still with us, and the defeat of one of their manifestations does not inoculate us against others.
Arresting and skillfully made.
Le film est ancré par la performance extraordinairement complexe de Bruno Ganz dans le rôle d'Hitler.
Oliver Hirschbiegel's ambitious and complex dramatization of the final days of Adolf Hitler and the collapse of Germany is a compelling history lesson and a riveting drama.
Some may feel that portraying a Hitler with such human dimension does a disservice to those who died and suffered at his command. Actually, the treatment makes him more accessible, and therefore more terrifying.
An intense, incredibly exciting thriller.
The filmmakers' mix of history and conjecture doesn't add up to anything more than reenactment.
Gives us the most intimate portrait of Adolf Hitler to date.
Yes, these people had evil in them and, yes, they were pathetically deluded by something they saw in Hitler (the film doesn't try to explain that). But, when you look at them up close, they don't look that different from you and me.
Few movies indeed have ever more completely conveyed Arendt's juxtaposition of the evil that sent millions to their graves with the stultifying banality of their murderers' lives.
Very effectively takes you deep inside Nazi Germany's crumbling heart and brings many infamous moments acutely to life, (but) doesn't offer much in the way of new insight.
Some kind of special Oscar needs to be created for Bruno Ganz, who transformation into Adolf Hitler shatters clichés.
What works best in picture are the dialog-free scenes, when the music comes up and the horror of the destruction washes over the audience like waves of blood.
Too chilling
a spine-chilling experience, a masterpiece of filmmaking and a document which conclusively damns the repetition of its history
Not to be missed; you feel as if you are a fly on the wall of the real bunker with the real Hitler, the real Eva Braun, the real Joseph Goebbels, the real everything.
We start with the human Hitler.
It's appalling stuff, as it should be, a case study in human horror that should be studied and never, ever, forgotten.
A different and intriguing take on history's greatest villain.
[M]ay well become a necessary bookend for any other film about WWII in Europe, if only as a reminder of how common 'evil' can be...
Any film that reminds us what our darkest nature looks like has value for that reason alone.
All in all, this is a well-made film, but not particularly fresh for American audiences, where other films have focused on the Reich's last days. But it is new for Germans.
Hirschbiegel and Eichinger, along with their large, brave and talented cast, have done something extraordinary for their generation of Germans, and for the world.
Claustrophobic, tense and often riveting.
A blitzkrieg of a story: attacking with full force at a lightning pace.
I feel a certain exasperation in writing a description of what is, finally, an extremely literal-minded production.
Hirschbiegel's gripping account of Adolf Hitler's ignominious end is a historical reenactment that hits like a swift kick to the gut.
A film that is revealingly human without ever being sympathetic or apologetic.
It's the well-wrought details that explain, perhaps better than any earlier film, how an entire country bought into Hitler's genocidal madness.
The very thought of humanizing Hitler makes me queasy. If he had a good side, I don't want to know about it.
Explores the final 10 days of the 20th century's most hateful genocidal killer with a degree of objectivity, humanity and unflinching intensity.
While actor Bruno Ganz's impersonation of Hitler is utterly convincing ... there are a few too many moments when he comes across as a broken old man whose world has shattered around him, even if he brought the calamity on himself.
Downfall straightforwardly depicts Hitler's last days as not to offend.
Its extended running time and the sheer brutality of its subject matter will likely make this film a tough sell for non-hardcore history buffs.
A cinematic 'Götterdämmerung...'; Hirschbiegel's film pulls no punches. He neither sugarcoats nor exaggerates.
Hitler is played with pitch-perfect precision by the Swiss-born Bruno Ganz.
Bruno Ganz as Hitler gives a tour de force performance that delineates the darkest dimensions of a bunker mentality.
This suspenseful German drama is set during the final days of Adolph Hitler's life, when the once-fearsome Nazi military machine had all but collapsed.
The experience is a strange and complicated one indeed.
A riveting re-creation of three world-changing collapses: those of the Nazi party, of militarized Germany as a whole, and of the Führer who guided them into self-destructive ruin.
Downfall is not only terrific cinema, it is also a history lesson, a gripping psychological study, and a dire warning.
You feel privy to mysterious secrets and a monumental unraveling... It's impossible to look away.
One of the most finely-crafted World War II films ever made.
gravely misguided
Dramatizes how Hitler tapped the gnashing urge of his anger and built it into a force field, shutting out all that he didn't want to see.
Hitler humanized
Could very well be one of the most important films of the year.
Downfall may be grimly self-important and inescapably trivializing. But we should be grateful that German cinema is more inclined to normalize the nation's history than rewrite it.
Tour-de-force acting by Bruno Ganz in this taut story of Hitler's final days.
Well worth seeing for all the nuances and variations we know little about.
Like the deadly serpent's stare, 'Downfall' hypnotizes.
An exhausting soap opera of doom that cuts back and forth between what seems like 100 speaking parts and conveys a chilling vision of rats being slowly flushed down a toilet.
Downfall is not the first movie about Hitler or the last days of Nazism, but it's certainly the most illuminating and revelatory.
As Hitler, Bruno Ganz ignites the screen with every appearance: his rages against traitors and betrayal (perceived and real) are delivered with ugly conviction ....
There should have been another hour dramatizing the collapsing military situation and the futile defenses of the German people, military and civilian.
A fabulously well-crafted motion-picture. (...) as close to being in the bunker oneself as one can get.
Hitler's final days are brought to horrifying life in Downfall, a movie that's not a whole lot of fun, but commands one's unflinching attention for 150 straight minutes











@highlight

Downfall is an illuminating, thoughtful and detailed account of Hitler's last days.