Tipped for an Oscar nomination, Jehane Noujaim's kaleidoscopic documentary offers a gripping, behind-the-headlines account of Egypt's 2011 Tahrir Square uprising and the complexities of its aftermath.
Nothing short of literature
While it's significant as a historical document, The Square, simply by existing, also reminds us of how new media has begun to transform the way the world witnesses war and oppression.
Jehane Noujaim's ground-level account of the Arab Spring from 2011 to mid-2013 in Cairo's Tahrir Square has heart, wit, poetry and fire.
Unflinching, violent but excellent docu on Arab Spring.
What does a revolution really feel like? You learn the answer in The Square, an extraordinary documentary that puts its cameras on the ground to take us in the heart of the troubled, betrayed, idealistic and sad movement for democracy in Egypt.
One of the very best documentaries of 2013.
Noujaim's film attests to how quickly joyous weeping in the streets gave way to sectarian arguments over the army's role and fissures in promising alliances.
A stirring tribute to democracy and those willing to fight for it.
An essential chronicle.
The Square doesn't slack for a minute. Quite a voice. Quite a film...
The film succeeds in its quieter moments.
The success, failures, and political wrangling of the rebellion is examined in great detail by a very brave group of filmmakers
If the resulting film is unwieldy - five editors, five "additional editors," and six assistant editors are credited - it also brims with angry urgency.
Jehane Noujaim recaptures the movement's spirit while exploring the realities of the post-revolution period in her fascinating new film, The Square.
The camera becomes a revolutionary: running, chasing, breathlessly jittery, up in the face of interrogators.
Epitomizes nonfiction film not just as a way to deepen knowledge and understanding, but also as an art form.
What does a revolution feel like from the inside? I'm not sure we'll ever get closer than "The Square," an electrifying, at times heartbreaking documentary from the Egypt-born, Harvard-educated documentarian Jehane Noujaim.
It's an astonishingly intimate account of an ongoing revolution, seen from within the heart of historic social upheaval; alarming, uplifting, empowering.
As a reflection of the mood and struggles of those seeking democratic change it is immersive and visceral even if its up close and personal approach means that the political sphere is rendered in broad brushstroke terms.
This is a cogent and courageous account of a complex and continuing situation.
If you want to understand what's going on in Egypt right now - or simply love raw, in-depth documentaries - seek out Jehane Noujaim's dissection of a revolution.
This is history firsthand, in progress, and unfinished. An invaluable record of revolutionary spirit, and of the lengths to which a threatened leadership will go to preserve itself.
With a sharp sense of urgency, this documentary is shot by protesters in Cairo's Tahrir Square to give us a real sense of the revolution still playing out in Egypt three years later.
It's a gripping story and the fact that it isn't over only makes it more extraordinary.
The pace of history, at once precipitate and open-ended, is the story here. The very term "revolution" denotes a turning process: it isn't a button push or a light switch.
Impressively directed and superbly shot, this is powerfully moving documentary that's by turns gripping, shocking, terrifying, deeply upsetting, but ultimately hopeful.
The extreme highs and lows of the Egyptian revolution captured in a single, astonishing documentary.
Noujaim brings us right in close, often unnervingly close, to the tanks and gunfire and the chants and the tumult, but manages to forge a path through the rhetorical chaos.
The idea is to bottle up the excitement and horror of a movement as it builds up steam, seems to succeed, then leads to unforeseen tragedies.
A mostly riveting film startling in it's you-are-there immediacy. The film and its participants give viewers many reasons for hope in lasting change.
Jehane Noujaim's "The Square" is a riveting, eye-opening experience, told with empathy and immediacy.
The Square understands that the Revolution itself is a work in progress, and while its immediacy means it, too, will soon be superseded, it stands as a vigorous, useful account.
A powerhouse documentary that takes us into the eyes of several storms.
"The Square" bears witness to history in an articulate, thoughtful and intensely dramatic way.
This isn't a mere chronicle of current events. It's a work imbued with great emotional truths, depicting the joy and despair of life on history's front lines.
"The Square" stands as a valuable document of a tormented time, an anatomy of a revolutionary movement doomed by a paucity of viable institutions, and by the movement's failure to advance a coherent agenda.
[E]ngrossingly captures a portrait of society in throes of consciousness-raising. . .what makes this stand apart is the participation of a Muslim Brotherhood youth organizer.
"The Square" isn't a nuanced or complete view of Egyptian politics, but it's an enthralling view of fervent reformists, willing to go back to Tahrir as often as it takes.
We already have the information. No news report could render the hope and the desperation of the people who risked their lives in Tahrir Square so fully, or so thrillingly.
In fact, the revolution will be televised.
If John Reed had been armed with a digital camera rather than a typewriter, I doubt that he could have surpassed this masterpiece. My pick for best documentary of 2013.
It is her and our good luck that Jehane Noujaim happened to be on the spot, on familiar home turf, and to her credit in so well taking advantage.
Shows the human stakes and often punishing difficulties of challenging entrenched powers and interests.
"The Square," while it records the gruesome collision of utopian aspirations with cold political realities, is not a despairing film.
Ultimately, one of the principal appeals of the D.C.-born Egyptian-American filmmaker's documentary is its intimacy.
One of the best films of 2013 with its focus on the quest for freedom and the desire to escape the prisons of oppression, violence, and merciless power.
Pulses with an immediacy that will leave you simultaneously enlightened and stunned.
While The Square isn't always cohesive, or even informative, it feels more honest than a more packaged story would be.
The documentary brings calm insight to an impassioned, still-developing historic event, personalizing the dramatic developments without losing a sense of the greater stakes.
Like many documentaries on political movements, The Square alternates between the mass and the intimate. But Noujami's ability to intermingle the two is impressively seamless
A galvanizing documentary with rare first-hand perspectives. With great immediacy, Noujaim provides a smart eye-opening view as activists maneuver toward an uncertain future.
Think of The Square as a bulletin from the front-one of many to come, in all likelihood.
Shows how multifaceted and complex the socio-political issues in Egypt were and still are to this very day. You'll find yourself at the edge of your seat.
The Square offers more than just pictures of a revolution; it lets you into the mind-set of those fighting for their future, and that makes all the difference.
The Square moves quickly, its reams of raw footage complemented by fleet and skillful editing.
The Square is inner-world-shaking.
A pulsating look at the two-year rebellion in Egypt, a doc that takes the audience into Tahir Square
A blistering portrait of rebellion against social discord, marginalization and oppression, and a call to arms for true democratic ideals of dignity, justice, and fairness.
Easily one of the most complex, most nuanced, and frankly most important documentaries made about the ongoing political developments in Egypt. Heck, I'll go further, it's one of the finer historical documentaries I think that's ever been made, period.

@highlight

The Square offers an electrifying -- and edifying -- ground-level glimpse of life inside a real-life political revolution.