In the beginning there was light, which was closely followed by the fart joke.
Stretched painfully thin to feature length, it's a concept that's gestated for 34 years but hasn't evolved a microbe. It also proves that the Harold Ramis of '09 has nothing on the Harold Ramis of '75.
Dudley Moore once made a pretty forgettable comedy giving various well-worn bible stories a light irony wash by reacting to them with the skepticism and confusion a person of today might. Year One is basically that, but dumber.
From its ill-concieved concept to its timing-free chemistry and embarrassingly-bad characterisations, Year One is a major misfire in every respect.
a lazy excrescence of a film. Crude, sloppy, flat, and singularly uninspired, its only redeeming virtue is proving that Michael Cera is capable of rising above even this abominable material
Only big fans of Cera and Black need catch this film, and even then, it's far from a must-see.
What's even more depressing than the never-ending stream of sub-sixth-grade toilet humor is the sad fact that Year One is helmed and co-produced by two of the best laughmeisters in the business.
Not everything Judd Apatow touches is gold.
Creatively it's a giant step backwards, with Jack Black and Michael Cera playing to the kids as inept hunter-gatherers who stumble across various Old Testament characters.
The problem is not the historicity, or lack thereof, in a comedy, but the uneven pace of the humor.
Producer Judd Apatow has gone from comedy gourmand to McDonald-izing in four years. And when in doubt, director Harold Ramis makes Jack Black eat his own feces and Michael Cera pee in his own mouth. Yes, this is at the level of YouTube monkey comedy.
This one is destined to take its place alongside films like Evan Almighty and Wholly Moses!.
As underwhelming as its buzz might have indicated...
If there's anything sadder than an unfunny comedy, it's an unfunny comedy that tacks on an equally unfunny blooper reel over the closing credits.
[Year One] feels lazy: There's no cheap joke Mr. Ramis and company didn't go for, no gag-worthy gag they didn't include.
If there is any justice in the world, there will never be a Year Two.
... a near-total disappointment... it never manages to sustain any momentum from joke to joke or scene to scene or even shot to shot at times.
An experience likened to repeatedly playing with a Whoopie Cushion for an hour and a half...
Boy, does this stink - and I mean almost literally.
Even more embarrassing considering the talent involved. Where art thou Monty Python?
The film is lumpy and self-conscious, the dialogue not very witty.
'Year One' wants to be seen as a freeform, knockabout trawl through Biblical history, perfect for an undemanding Saturday night. There are only two problems: it's kind of dull and just isn't funny.
All hail Michael Cera, worker of unprecedented movie miracles! The 21-year-old Canadian comic takes a weak concept and some weaker material and, wherever possible, adds some much needed flashes of comedic genius.
Too silly to be smart, too timid to be subversive about religion - it's hard to believe it's directed and co-written by the once great Harold Ramis
Made with such laziness of invention that everyone involved deserves a whack on the head with a club.
This gambit is a catastrophic failure. Cera's loveable puppy-dog schtick is already tired, and Black can no longer carry a dud with likeability and energy alone. As for Ramis, well, perhaps he's not the Messiah after all.
Perhaps it shouldn't come as a surprise that a comedy about a couple of cavemen trades in primitive humour, still it's tough to imagine even the most monkey-brained of filmgoers getting a kick out of Year One.
Twenty times longer than its (excellent) trailer, and with about the same number of decent jokes, this underachieving effort boasts another brilliant Michael Cera performance, plus Jack Black licking a turd. Or is he polishing it?
A script this lousy should never have gone into production, and should have been abandoned as soon as anyone with any influence witnessed the rushes. The final result is a disgrace to everyone involved. Please God, let there be no Year Two.
Comprised of jokes that wouldn't amuse a five-year-old, and looking as if it was knocked together over a weekend, Year One delivers about as many laughs as I Spit On Your Grave.
A goodhearted, sometimes funny spoof of early human history.
Ramis has got his comic premise, but instead of constructing a plot, he and his co-writers work up only some feeble vignettes.
The jokes are obvious and tend towards the scatological. The rambling dialogue also makes this an endurance test. Year One, Audience Enjoyment Nil.
Fundamentally Ramis plays it way too safe with the religious material. Think less Life Of Brian than a teacher trying to jolly up the parables at Hebrew school - it still beats being smited by a plague of frogs.
Wit occasionally gets a look-in but it isn't often, while Black's ebullient over-playing and Cera's nervy wimpishness make a partnership that often seems about to make you laugh.
There's no reason to see Year One, at all. Consign this cack to the history books. Pronto.
A primitive comedy in more ways than one.
throws its comedy around with semi-reckless abandon, but never quite achieves more than a few good chuckles
This is shtick that's minimally a generation past its expiration date.
Post-modern awareness is mixed with an ancient setting, but the humor still manages to be prehistoric. If you've always wanted to see smart comedians revert to grade school hi-jinks for cheap laughs, then this is the movie for you.
When Ramis went home every night from filming, did he honestly think he'd shot anything funny?
This is every bit as disastrous as that other jungle-based comedy - when Peter met Katie on I'm A Celebrity.
Unless you pine for second-tier Mel Brooks, you'll find more laughs in the Old Testament itself.
How long can a numbskull comedy about primitive dudes sustain itself before the laughs run dry? Year One has the answer: about ten minutes.
This uninspired Torah-lampooning sketch comedy is as arid and empty as the landscapes which the protagonists wander across.
Thou shalt avoid it like the plague - at least until the dvd is released.
The filmmakers and cast find a few great laughs in this flimsy premise, but the whole film is so underdeveloped that it hardly seems to be up there on screen at all.
A buddy comedy that takes a relentlessly lowbrow look at the Book of Genesis.
This strategy -- cutting away before a likely punchline -- is Year One's preferred mode.
Far too witless to even be considered distasteful or disturbing -- it's more like watching with pity as a dorky fifth-grader tries to shock adults with a string of profanity.
Black and Cera produce yawns of biblical proportions.
What LIFE OF BRIAN did so well, was take a strong narrative and dress it up with silly humor and a naked man with a long beard. YEAR ONE has nothing to fall back on here. It's like they weren't even trying.
About as funny as watching Black and Cera darning socks. No, I take that back, I think either of those men could make darning socks look pretty amusing.
[Year One has] some very funny moments but not enough of them.
This is a significant notch below the great Monty Python films that tackled religion with intelligence and wit.
In the beginning, there was the dud.
Year One is quite a mixed bag of nuts...which could repulse [some] viewers... But if you can supress your gag reflex...it ascends to hyperventilating levels of hilarity.
I expected more from veteran comic filmmaker Harold Ramis (Groundhog Day, Analyze That), who does little with the loss of innocence idea, and doesn't really find the laughs to make the premise go the distance.
Year One is an enjoyable knockabout comedy, but as a satire on human folly it's a disappointment; Ramis could have gone much further underlining the parallels between ancient and modern religious wars.
While... the filmmakers had a good time making the movie, not enough of it translates into a successful film... the script could have used a lot more divine intervention.
Blessed are the cheesemakers? Not this time.
Films like The Hangover and Superbad have proven that you don't need a big budget and lavish sets to make people laugh. For a comedy, Year One feels dated.
Black's biggest idiot in the village, overly flirty heathen turned moronic messiah tries to hunt and gather copious hairy bodied babes who really know how to stroke their spears, while a shackled Cera pees upside down through his collar.
Might not be Jack Black's best film, but it's definitely his worst!
Pointless and droll? Definitely, but 'Year One' still has its moments.
Year One contains a few jokes that work but what is really bothersome is that Cera and Black play the exact same roles they always play.
Ramis aims for a satirical Old Testament spoof akin to Monty Pythons Life of Brian, but the one-liners and grossout jokes are cribbed from the Gospel According to Mel Brooks.
It is so bad, in fact, that not only do I feel as though I have sullied the fine reputation of "Life of Brian" by mentioning it in the same paragraph, I fear I may have also sullied the reputation of "Wholly Moses" as well.
A weak comedy that overly relies on jokes from the Unholy Trinity of P - Penises, Poop and Pee Pee.
Rarely in the history of cinema have so many genuinely funny people come together to make a film that is so painfully unfunny to watch.
The people who made Year One seem to think that all you have to do to make a hit comedy is get a bunch of jokesters together. But where are the jokes?
[The writers] appear to subscribe to the 'if it sort of works once, let's beat the audience over the head with it until we've driven the life out of the joke' philosophy.
Devoid of any energy or enthusiasm either in front of or behind the camera.
You heard it here first: Year One is the best prehistoric comedy of 2009.
If you haven't found yourself laughing during any of the commercials on television, then I assure you not a whole lot will change if you decide to swap your couch or recliner for a theater seat.
Harold Ramis' comedy is more evolved than the trailers let on, but after a solid hit to the popcorn audience's vestigial funny bone, the humor retreats into a lazy, generic swamp.
Year One is nowhere near as funny as the ancient-civilization movies I saw in high school: Life of Brian, History of the World Part I, Caligula. Its script isn't worth the papyrus it's inscribed on.
Has neither wit nor wisdom nor charm nor beauty.
This lame biblical/caveman jokefest fails to elict many laughs.
There is plenty of lowbrow, knuckle-dragging humor; coupled with all the gay jokes, poop jokes, Jewish jokes and you're-stupider-than-I-am jokes, the arrested-development crowd will no doubt be thoroughly entertained.
Black, who has been hilarious elsewhere, is working so hard to be funny that it's exhausting.
An inexplicably unfunny comedy made by two people who have proven they can do much better: director/co-writer Harold Ramis and co-producer Judd Apatow.
It ambles along uncertainly, hobbled by the lack of chemistry between its two lead actors, and by gags that either try too hard or suffer from being barely there.
[A] sloppy, joke-poor mess of a pre-historical romp.
Stuffed full of comic bits that don't work.
Black and Cera posed in cave-man outfits for an amusing poster. Then the movie was brought forth and things went downhill.
Year One has one joke, but it's a good one, played for many variations over the course of an often very funny comedy.
The big, blustery physical comedy of Jack Black makes for an amusing fit with Michael Cera's quiet, self-deprecating humour in Year One.
Year One is a good short skit drawn out far, far too long, another big, dumb offering to the summer movie gods that is unlikely to appease or please anyone.
A thoroughly, sometimes gaggingly broad and sly conceptual laugh-in.
Now, I know what you're thinking... any film featuring tribal girlfriends in animal skins and a trip to Sodom can't be all that bad. Well, trust me, it is.
There's no point to it, just a series of gags -- in both senses of the word.
Year One is a slapdash concoction with an overreliance on scatological gags and a long lag time between laughs. I freely admit that. Yet I have a certain affection for this movie, if only because of its conceptual simplicity.
Let's start with the praise because there won't be much: As comedy pairings go, you could do a lot worse than Jack Black and Michael Cera.
Expect to be amused, not hilarioused.
Somehow, despite the presence of those reliable actors and the highly advanced skills of comic veterans Harold Ramis and Judd Apatow behind the scenes, Year One manages to be a dud.
[S]et[s] back the noble causes of blasphemy, rational thinking, and humanism about a century... doesn't even have the nerve to be profane...
The jokes are so laden with groaners you almost expect to hear rim shots after every line.
Cecil B. DeMille meets Monty Python meets Superbad, Year One has some funny moments, but it eventually flops.
Audiences get clubbed by some pretty old shtick in Year One
Ramis seems paralyzed from the get-go, ineptly grappling with an overgrown Saturday Night Live routine that squanders every chance at clever humor it gets.
There's no shortage of anatomical jokes, scatological jokes, and fart jokes, toilet humor being the last refuge of a spent comedy writer.
Year One is easy to hate, especially if you loathe Jack Black's hammy shtick, think Michael Cera peaked in Arrested Development or you have a worn Bible in your bedroom... and you're not living in a Super 8. But I loved it.
The picture's desperate, teen-baiting assemblage of fart jokes, dick jokes, poop-nibbling and urine inhalation are a constant reminder that no matter how ancient the setting's supposed to be, the land of lame Hollywood japery is always near.
At its best, "Year One" is offensive. ... At its worst, however, it's downright repulsive.
The obligatory gross-out moments function as camouflage for what proves to be a surprisingly trenchant critique of the human penchant for violence, greed, deceit, hubris and, especially, religious superstition.
This is Jack Black and Michael Cera doing Jack Black and Michael Cera, the problem is that that was funny about three years ago and now it's just kind of predictable and boring.
Cut it into small pieces and many bits are a giggle: string them all together and it starts to wear thin. Strangely for Ramis, it's not aggressive enough.
Year One is little more than Religulous with fart jokes.
Year One seems destined to earn the dubious distinction of being the one movie released in the summer of 2009 that made another trapped-in-time adventure, Land of the Lost, seem like a masterpiece by comparison.
This is a weirdly awful movie that, while not exactly hard to watch, is rather quite pointless and altogether boring.
When did comedy writing become such a lost art, replaced by the improvisational byplay of talented but increasingly familiar players left to think up funny lines for an amusing situation?
Often drags and should have been retitled as The NeverEnding, Painfully Unfunny Story. It falls on its face both a comedy and as a satire with a lazy, asinine and mean-spirited script. Even the outtakes don't induce any real laughs.
It's a bit flabby and careless, but it's also gleefully stupid, and it has the ability to knock you off guard and make you giggle helplessly.
Instead of anything clever or original as one might expect from Harold Ramis; we're subjected to gross-out jokes. Note to Mr. Ramis; the Fountain of Comedy Youth is probably not located in a sewer.
Parental Content Review
"Year One" is the kind of stuff Mel Brooks would have whipped up back in the day -- and, frankly, whipped through in about a half-hour.
Harold Ramis...serves up some low brow humor in a fitful script, but his film is elevated into the ranks of pleasurably stupid humor by terrific comic turns from Cera and a game Oliver Platt
Mostly Year One moves along ploddingly, stepping frequently into bathroom humor and never quite funny enough to justify its high concept; when it's over, it quickly slips away.
A lowbrow, only fitfully amusing comedy.
If you can't take this premise and these actors and come up with anything funnier than Jack Black eating poop, then you have no business making comedies.
Year One is scattershot and silly, squandering its potential by relying on juvenile bawdy humor.
On paper, Ramis and producer Apatow set themselves up for success: The cast is a who's who of funnymen. Unfortunately, the script doesn't give them a whole lot to work with.
The problem with Year One is that all the best jokes have been used in the promos.

Year One is a dreary experience, and all the ending accomplishes is to bring it to a close. Even in the credit cookies, you don't sense the actors having much fun.
Any good will the movie generates is grated right back off by Black, whose obnoxiousness has lost whatever charm it once possessed.
Ramis' challenge in Year One, which he wrote with Gene Stupnitsky and Lee Eisenberg, is to keep the vibe loose while delivering the laughs. They come in fits and starts.
Year One -- a film so simple-minded that even a caveman could have written it. Or could have directed it ...
The actors make a surprisingly effective comic team, with Black's manic energy trampolining off Cera's deflated passivity.
Creative desperation leads to slapdash boredom in Year One, a substandard Monty Python wannabe that hasn't a story so much as a series of bad, barely connected sketches.
Not much more than another raunchy, adolescent boys-out-on-the-town farrago, even if the boys are dressed in animal skins and the town is Sodom.
Need your fix of Black and Cera? We recommend renting School of Rock and Superbad instead of heading to the theater for this one.
It's a potentially funny, tricky premise, and in the hands of someone as talented and slightly skewed as writer-director Harold Ramis and a pair of writers from The Office, it should have worked.
Ramis' best may be behind him, but luckily, Year One is not one of his worst.
The filmmaker imbues Year One with all the creative energy of a middling, time-filler Saturday Night Live skit.
If Harold Ramis' Year One were a bowling match, it would lurch between gutter balls and spares, with some scattered lucky strikes.
Talk about a disaster of Biblical proportions.
Year One is a horse designed by committee to make a camel, and Harold Ramis, as much as today's comedy stars owe him, is an unadaptable species.
Year One is so dedicated to being historically accurate that it only uses jokes that are at least two thousand years old.
[Harold] Ramis and co-writers Gene Stupnitsky and Lee Eisenberg mostly avoid the easy anachronism jokes, to their credit, but instead they wind up plumbing the depths of poop, fart, urine, foreskin and gay-panic humor.
Year One is a slapdash film in desperate need of more authoritative stewardship.
Unfortunately, consistent laughs weren't discovered until year two.
Black and Cera are caught in a witless Abbott-and-Costello situation...The comedy-team rhythms are there; the material is not.
An awkward bust, a raucous costume party held at a funeral, and the more it sinks lowbrow to obtain laughs, the easier it is to bid adieu to Harold Ramis as a trustworthy comedic filmmaker.
A pointless endeavor which eventually ends in a relatively half-hearted meander off screen.
Jack Black plays Bud Abbott to Michael Cera's Lou Costello in a movie about as relevant to today's audiences as the Abbott and Costello Show.
If this all sounds familiar, it's because you've seen this all before in Carl Gottliebs' "Caveman."
This is no masterpiece, but I'm really fond of Michael Cera. I think he's got something on screen that's very sweet.
Year One makes Will Ferrell's Land of the Lost look like a masterpiece.
Just like the stunt fudge on which Black chows down in his signature scene, Year One is unmistakably crap.
The story feels like the pitch developed during a long drinking session - what would you get if you took one of the great comedic filmmakers of the 1980s and put him together with Apatow's Superbad generation?
On the surface, it resembles Monty Python's Life of Brian. Yet underneath, there's cheap material. Sometimes, it briefly gleams; but in the final reckoning, it's dull.
Year One is this summer's The Love Guru, this weekend's Land of the Lost.
Platt, more than anyone, is the soul of the movie, because he makes even the most  primitive perversity sound...well, civilized.
Just because the picture's setting is ancient doesn't mean the humor has to be, too.
An amiable stroll through biblical times featuring Jack Black and Michael Cera as exiled Neanderthals, Year One lacks seismic guffaws but elicits many mild smiles.
Director Harold Ramis knows enough about comedy to keep things ticking over nicely. That said, there's something undeniably lazy and tossed off about Year One: everyone feels like they're cruising.
Has its moments - especially Black and Cera's knockabout pairing - but Year One sidesteps greatness by allowing too much filler and swill to plug the gaps.
Targeting with surgical precision the teenage market with a keenly juvenile sense of humour, Year One brings together every manner of silliness that can be crammed into the concept.










@highlight

Year One is a poorly executed, slapdash comedy in which the talent both in front of and behind the camera never seem to be on the same page.