The period detailing - be it a rustic locale or sophisticated surroundings - is quite superb. Brown also tries to give the story an emotional touch, to good effect. And in fact, it is this which makes this film both enjoyable and gripping.
The movie works. It tells an important story and it does make a meal out of the subject.
Dev Patel as Ramanujan and Jeremy Irons as his Cambridge mentor both impress and there's a top-notch supporting cast that includes Toby Jones, Jeremy Northam and the late Richard Johnson, whose last film this was.
You can't help but wish that writer-director Matthew Brown had been able to find some way to impart to viewers the nature of Ramanujan's importance other than having his Trinity College sponsor (Jeremy Irons) rhapsodize about his brilliance.
There is something almost spiritual about this film that makes it more than just a maths biopic.
The Man Who Knew Infinity is persuasive and quite surprising.
The Man Who Knew Infinity brings to life a genius long overdue for recognition.
While [Srinivasa] Ramanujan was a fascinating figure in real life, his movie representation is opaque and uninteresting. It doesn't add up.
The movie is fairly formulaic [but] Irons delivers a masterclass in cranky eccentricity and buttoned-up reserve.
An intriguing story told in generic fashion, Infinity gets good value from irons and a dignified swansong from the late Richard Johnson.
Matt Brown's workmanlike direction ties things up neatly but fails to elicit enough empathy for the central characters of the young number-cruncher and his tutor-cum-collaborator.
The story unfolds pretty much as expected.
Want to know more about Ramanujan? Read one of the books about him, or check out the documentary on the man. Want a serviceable, but routine biopic? Look no further.
Fascinating tale of an autodidact who died at the age of 32 leaving behind a body of work that ranks among the 20th century's most valuable.
A fable of personal growth and rising above, that succeeds in making a critique of the british xenophobe right wing that keeps growing in present day. [Full review in Spanish]
As with so much here, the odd couple's increasingly close relationship is overstated, and Hardy's speech to his colleagues about making Ramanujan a Fellow of the Royal Society is as insistent and pleading as the movie, on the whole, seems to be.
It is always interesting to know the life of a genius and Iron's performance in this film is a plus. [Full review in Spanish]
The film ends up being a draft of what could have been and its director doesn't manages to go beyond that. [Full review in Spanish]
Something between a crowd pleaser and a tearjerker that will surely some will enjoy, but those who prefer a sober film will avoid it. [Full review in Spanish]
... a formulaic Merchant-Ivory style soap opera that plays up the dramatic aspects of the subject's life while assuring us of his brilliance by having others marvel at theorems a mainstream audience couldn't be expected to understand.
Conventional biopic The Man Who Knew Infinity focuses less on its protagonist, the Indian mathematician S. Ramanujan, than on the Brits who worked with him.
Patel's detached fervour complements Irons, as smoothly watchable as always.
This biopic makes [maths] seem exciting and necessary, and sets it in a wide human context to appeal to those who have difficulty adding up their shopping bills.
The vibrant story of a mathematical genius set during the golden age of western mathematics is diluted with a slow script and tedious melodrama.
This film has more shots of characters reacting to pieces of paper than any movie I can think of, and that includes "The Paper." If only those pieces of paper could talk back, "Infinity" might end up being gripping drama.
Highly respected contemporary mathematicians produced and consulted on the film, so at least they got the math right, if little else.
Pleasantly watchable but utterly lacking in surprises
Irons and Patel create a bit of magic with their mathematical dance, so even when Brown's script bogs down in cliché and the female characters are swept into the corner of every scene, the viewer has something meaty to process.
When one of the most enlightening moments of a film comes during the postscript (black holes!), you know there's a problem - one that has nothing to do with math.
It fills a hole in popular scientific knowledge, and does so with a measure of grace and good humour.
Infinity is a sturdy, respectable film, but it never takes chances or ventures outside viewers' biopic comfort zones.
This is a relatable portrait of a man who is a fish-out-of-water in Cambridge, showing signs of injury from culture shock and racist abuse, with symptoms that go unnoticed by Hardy because he is insulated by privilege.
Their dialogue sometimes feels forced, but the movie comes alive whenever the screen yields to Irons and his pained dissections of life's elusive formulations.
A heartening drama about a slow-blooming friendship between two brilliant mathematicians.
An intriguing story with interesting characters, but with very little soul or passion.
Engages the heart as well as the mind....
Infinity is too dutiful to really catch fire, but it's got a strong true story plus fine actors plus a handsome British setting. You do the math.
The sum of the effort is a sincere film that offers insight in surprising areas.
The movie is made competently enough, but the problem is there isn't a whole lot at stake here .
There's a lot of math on display, but it is fascinating and enhances this worthy and moving tribute.
...an absolutely conventional biopic of the uplifting, heritage television variety.
The biographical drama The Man Who Knew Infinity tells of one of the world's most brilliant mathematicians, but only sometimes reaches past the prosaic.
In same parts the british imperalism as the racist component of the higher learning institutions are grave issues that are almost completely ignored in this film. [Full review in Spanish]
Irons and Patel, each playing deeply reserved, almost secretive men who disagree on almost everything but mathematics, give the conflict an emotional nuance that is both rare and moving.
It's about the worldly doings of genuinely awesome intellect. Some of it has the intended effect. But don't be intimidated.
[It] takes an incredible true story - about an impoverished Indian man whose Jedi math skills helped him triumph over race, class and bad food in early 20th century England - and telescopes it into a well-made yet predictable tale of inspiration.
The multiplexes are full of films that promise little more than a forgettable good time. "The Man Who Knew Infinity" is just as entertaining, but far more substantial.
Painfully average filmmaking.
Hobbled by the necessity...to simplify the subject's rather esoteric accomplishments [but] it works as a simple human story of the bond that builds between two drastically different men who are in a position to appreciate each other's brilliance.
It's predictable - throughout the film, I kept thinking that I'd seen it before - and a bit sentimental, yet thoroughly pleasant.
The middle-of-the-road approach is respectable, restrained and mostly dull, with plenty of biopic cliches (including the dreaded Cough of Death).
This is all about Patel's characterisation, and while this London-born actor has been excellent before, here his measured, restrained playing holds the film together, and we wind up adoring this extraordinary man who really went to infinity -- and beyond.
The filmmakers had a duty to make their subject's breakthroughs appreciable to the viewer, to put them in perspective. Without that, the film adds up to little more than a by-the-numbers bromance. Both Ramanujan and the viewer deserve better.
Can repeat its formula by rote, but develops no breakthrough theory of its own.
Thoroughly standard biopic that doesn't challenge the viewer but is uniformly entertaining, splendidly acted and strikingly intelligent.
Brown's screenplay is one of those finessed Hollywood-style scripts where a line such as "just imagine" pre-empts a response like "I spend my whole life imagining."
It is, overall, a fitting tribute to a man from Madras who became a Fellow of the Royal Society, foreshadowed Albert Einstein and is rightfully considered one of the greatest mathematicians the world has ever produced.
The script is intelligent and sharp, full of seriousness and humour.
The Man Who Knew Infinity stands on its own merit, thanks in great measure to Patel and Irons, who give us two engaging characters.
Dev Patel and Jeremy Irons excel in this unusual but true story. "The Man Who Knew Infinity" is a timeless tale of immense dedication to one's passion and the strong bonds of friendship.
There is not a dull moment, not a single false step in this picture. "The Man Who Knew Infinity" is a powerful story that will stand on its own merit.
Compelling story, but WWI-era math biopic needs more zest.
As biography, the movie is about as straightforward as one could imagine.
It touches on serious - and ridiculously complex - ideas but always cuts them down to manageable, middle-brow morsels.
Appropriately by-the-numbers, for the true story probably doesn't lend itself to Oscar-worthy grandeur.
It's all a bit much and a bit spot-on, but oh, is it ever lovely to look at and suffused with sincere emotion.
Although both Patel and Irons slip effortlessly into the skins of their characters, their performances are stuck in another standard-issue fish-out-of-water tale.
For a movie about a mathematician who always thought outside the box, "The Man Who Knew Infinity" is quite staid and traditional.
Matt Brown's movie is a perfunctory highlight reel, featuring tepid performances and dull cinematic technique. Although the movie's 108 minutes are hardly infinity, its duration gives the concept a run for its money.
Details the racial antagonism Ramanujan encountered on campus, and there's a weak romantic subplot involving the wife he left behind in Madras.
A solid historical drama opposing racism, xenophobia and weak math skills.
"The Man Who Knew Infinity" tells a great story. It's just that it's a little too by-the-book to make anything other than a so-so movie.
"The Man Who Knew Infinity" is a good movie about a great subject, but one that should have been better.
It's pretty dull, sorry to say.
Its craft is evident, its sincerity is admirable, and it's the kind of movie about which you can say, "There's not a hair out of place," and mean it.
"The Man Who Knew Infinity" shines a welcome light on a lesser-known figure in mathematics, but it isn't as illuminating as it could have been.
At last, a film even mathematicians can love! How long have we waited for a decent telling of the story of the self-taught Indian genius, Srinivasa Ramanujan, who was to mathematics as Charlie Parker was to music or Don Bradman to cricket.
It's predictable but poignant.
The numbers just don't add up for The Man Who Knew Infinity, a dreary drama based on the all-too-brief life story of celebrated Indian mathematics prodigy Srinivasa Ramanujan.
Brown takes a conventional hit-the-high-note approach in telling the story of an unlikely pairing between Ramanujan (Dev Patel, "Slumdog Millionaire") and an eccentric professor (Jeremy Irons, "Batman v. Superman").
"The Man Who Knew Infinity," based on Kanigel's book, and directed by Matthew Brown, feels sluggish and stuck, and it hits an insoluble crux.
Patel and Irons both give strong performances but the arguments between their respective characters become repetitive.
It's a great story and so far untold on screen, of a born maths genius from Madras, who even at the age of 7 was revealing mathematical formulas of some complexity
If you liked A Beautiful Mind and The Imitation Game, you are guaranteed to enjoy to this involving and satisfying film in which intellect and emotion form two sides of the coin
Despite grossly misrepresenting many facts, this is an interesting, well-acted movie. Too bad they felt they had to put Hollywood twists into a story that would have been better told had they stuck with what actually happened.
He's got such a beautiful mind, yet the film never gets sufficiently inside his head.
False drama abounds in a movie whose subject matter would confound even PhD students.
A mannered and milquetoast period biopic about the short life of mathematician Srinivasa Ramanujan.
Irons gives a deft performance as a man who is both entranced and flummoxed by his disciple, but the role itself is in most ways skimpily conceived.
This film fully belongs to Patel and Irons, who have two of the best roles in their careers.
If "The Man Who Knew Infinity" had been more concerned with the soul of a raw talent instead of the learn-and-earn ethos of so much accomplishment cinema, it might have produced something soulful rather than something institutional.
Mr. Irons handily hits the emotional beats, as does Mr. Patel, as Ramanujan confronts incipient tuberculosis.
First-time writer-director Matt Brown does capable work making "Infinity" another film that manages to tread the territory without getting bogged down.
The film's heart comes from the unlikely friendship between Ramanujan and Hardy, and Patel and Irons both give nuanced, poignant performances as two men from different worlds ...
Patel has his most rewarding role since "Slumdog'' as the passionate Ramanujan, who leaves his wife behind in India and risks his health to prove his critics wrong, leaving a lasting mark on the field.
Well done.
It tries to follow the formula for recent science-heavy blockbusters only to botch the solution.
This is the very definition of the kind of movie people complain that "they" don't make anymore: a modestly budgeted, character-driven drama for adults that doesn't insult the viewer's intelligence or lean on shock value.
An account of a remarkable person should strive to be as equally remarkable as its subject, not the timid and tidy boilerplate special of a biopic that "The Man Who Knew Infinity" too often resembles.
Ramanujan's story is A Beautiful Mind meets Something the Lord Made and is just as heart-wrenching and important.
Srinivasa Ramanujan battles poverty and racism on his way to mathematical breakthroughs in this stately, lifeless biopic.
Matthew Brown does a fine job of cutting through the math chat to give you the living, breathing men who collaborated and clashed a century ago.
The filmmakers, by sticking to such a conventional structure, have deprived themselves of the tools to give us a real sense of Ramanujan's achievement.
A feel good biopic providing insight into the mind of a mathematical genius and his friendship with a mentor from a different culture.
A film that should be as good as the sum of its parts, The Man Who Knew Infinity fails to prove its worth.
Emotionally it is blunt, baddies are very bad, but it is a worthy story told solidly, and with good performances.
The picture looks lovely and despite keeping us in the dark about Ramunujan's breakthroughs it builds to an effective climax as he finds acceptance in the college's hallowed walls.
Irons' gruff, paternalistic Hardy and Patel's zeal create an engaging, odd-couple chemistry in an informative and affecting tale.
The latest and least re-telling of the too-short life of the self-taught Indian mathematician, Srinivasa Ramanujan.
It's all very nice, and pleasant to look at, but Irons' vibrant and colourful performance is this only thing that gives this film life.
This may appear the typical buttoned up British costume drama but, in its own understated way, it is both acutely observed and very moving.
It's not quite as elegant as A Beautiful Mind or as charming as Good Will Hunting, but being a true story lends it weight and poignancy.
Maths will never seduce me, but dramatic tension always does. Sadly, and despite a fine supporting cast that also includes Toby Jones, there isn't nearly enough of it in this film.
Well intentioned and played, this shows flashes of what could have been, but is ultimately let down by its timidity towards the maths, and fails to make the case for its own hero's greatness.
A true story brimming with noble intentions to the point where you feel guilty resisting it.
At the end, it looks like a treacly, albeit high-minded Sunday afternoon drama serial.
The story itself is so strong and the stellar cast are so adept that you are prepared to forgive writer-director Matt Brown's conventional approach to his labour of love.
Polite and earnest, but never adds up to much.
Dev Patel and Jeremy Irons play real-life mathematicians in this plodding, overly dutiful biopic.
Slumdog Millionaire star Dev Patel has mastered looking doe-eyed and browbeaten at the same time. That's pretty much all he brings to the table in The Man Who Knew Infinity.
This movie is decent, it seeks to honour its subject, it gives us the outlines - but it's the most conventional biopic possible of a most unconventional thinker.
The film is unashamedly middle-brow and sentimental but it tells such a good story that it is hard to resist.
At first glance the tall, gangly Patel is an odd choice to play a short, stout mathematician. Yet he captures his essential passion, dignity, and overweening conviction that his formulas are right.

@highlight

The Man Who Knew Infinity might be a tad too conventional to truly do its subject justice, but Dev Patel and Jeremy Irons elevate the end result beyond mere biopic formula.