There's always something to be said for a psycho-thriller that delivers interesting characters in a cool setting.
The film is not a total loss due to its interesting use of suspense and its tactic of placing suspicion on every character. While it's not one of the best thrillers out there, you could easily do worse.
Far from a perfect film, but it is a lot of fun. In the tradition of old-fashioned thrillers, the movie has some nice twists and turns in the plot.
A riveting horror-thriller that should do for hiking in Hawaii what Hostel did for backpacking in Slovakia.
Twohy's script dares and succeeds in peppering the dialogue with funny insider references to Hollywood scripts and actors.
Twohy lets his story's central guessing game play out with patient tautness.
A big-reveal thriller with surprises that really do surprise -- and are worth waiting for through an audaciously long buildup.
A slight film, slight in its surprises and in its suspense, and yet not totally devoid of either.
A cunning, sideways-sneaking genre piece with both the fancy to surprise audiences and the adroit filmmaking to do so
It works because it's smart, knows it's smart, announces to us that it's smart - then backs off and lets the suspense and dark comedy mix.
Writer-director David Twohy (Pitch Black) serves up mechanical thrills culminating in a bogus twist ending
Twohy seems to think the eventual revelation is clever enough to be worth the price of admission by itself. It isn't. To give better value, he should have souped up the cartoonish violence of the final scenes.
[An] effective thriller.
There's a lot of blood and little logic but the actors scream nicely.
The set up is so good that it pains me to say that the last half hour falls apart. Once things are revealed, it becomes too silly.
I changed my mind about this movie three times.
A structurally solid B-movie, marked by smart casting and carefully modulated performances, that delivers high on the popcorn-munching entertainment scale.
A Perfect Getaway is a little better -- well, a little stranger -- than most of the disposables this summer.
Trash with a whiplash.
The home video sets up A Perfect Getaway's frank understanding of itself as formula.
Modest but twisty B-thriller is elevated by nice character touches, witty writing and its tropical setting.
David Twohy's taut, palm-sweating thriller has two things going for it: it keeps you guessing and it doesn't insult your intelligence.
This is a blast of a B Movie, featuring cool chase sequences, Peter Jackson-style gross-outs, and generally just good-old over-the-top, by-the-skin-of-the-fingernails fun. Good title pun too. And those Hawaiian vistas, of course, are sheer eye-pudding.
A "smart" thriller - the title itself is intended to convey that this is an ideal summer popcorn movie - but it's a little too tricky for its own good.
A flawed but entertaining thriller.
A delightful example of a horror film that for the most part chugs along merrily, pressing all the modern-day fright-fest buttons, sustaining a just-so sense of gravitas.
Scruffy and twisty, this honeymoon-from-hell thriller kind of unravels as it goes along. But before it succumbs to the formula, the actors manage to catch our attention, so we have to see it through to what'll surely be an outrageous finale.
A Perfect Getaway is hardly groundbreaking, but it's a diverting slice of escapism that wallows in manipulating the viewer.
It's as crazy as a crackpipe on a kayak, but the title alone proves that this is a hell of a lot smarter than it looks.
Before you can say 'plot hole', the mood shifts from boredom to disbelief as a crazy-assed climax erupts from nowhere - a memorably mental end to an otherwise exasperating trip.
It's not a classic and doesn't have all the tension it maybe should have. It's basically distracting Hollywood thriller fluff that is enjoyable enough in the right mood.
The film plays pretty skilfully with audience expectations, the scenery is lovely, and the performances are above average for this sort of B-movie nonsense.
The scenery is fabulous, the script less so, the final action sequences a headlong plunge into hokum and bathos.
Not perfect, by any means, but a top night out
Well-acted by an attractive cast, A Perfect Getaway is far from perfect but it knows its limitations and serves up a thrill ride laced with humour and guaranteed to get the heart racing.
Ridiculous? Yep. Fun? Absolutely. If there's such a thing as a classy B-movie, then this is it.
Enjoyably twisty, impressively directed thriller with great performances, a sharply written script and a pleasingly bonkers finale.
Although the big reveal flops, what follows is a lot better - the film switches into a punchy chase flick, complete with swearing, gunfire and wince-inducing hand-stabbings to spare.
It's well played with a cast who are far smarter than your average 'slasher' movie players. And as for calling it a 'slasher movie' as it's been dubbed by some - it isn't really.
If you're going to make a cheesy psycho-killer thriller, just go ahead and embrace the Roquefort. Pretending it's anything else is only annoying.
Prepare to be pleasantly surprised by A Perfect Getaway, a compact, no frills thriller that does it's job nicely.
The script and acting make this little thriller better than you think it will be.
Taut, propulsive, and supremely confident, it functions as both a far-above-average thriller and a riotous p*** take on the conventions of its genre.
After a Disappointing Summer, This is Good B-Movie Pulp Fiction.
If you enjoyed Timothy Olyphant as the determined sheriff in HBO's 'Deadwood,' you'll be surprised at how good he is playing a very different type of role here.
I just don't think there was enough drama in the first two-thirds of this movie.
A terrific twist, but goes wasted in a movie that really runs out of steam.
Writer-director David Twohy is too much in love with his hipper-than-thou dialogue, but he plants some sneaky scares along the trail.
The film is gratefully short but writer/director David Twohy still takes too much time working through the standard suspect check list before getting to a terrific twist.
A movie that more than tips its hat to Hitchcock. "A Perfect Getaway" clues the audience in slowly about what's going on without giving the whole thing away. I can't wait to see this movie again. Wildly entertaining!
This could be one of the most awful movies of the year. Then, it gets worse.
It's a childish kind of filmmaking that Alfred Hitchcock would call irresponsible.
This is a genre entry that knows exactly what it is and has a lot of fun being it. It pushes most of the right buttons, assumes its audience has a brain and doesn't telegraph its punches right from the very start.
A Perfect Getaway is the rarest of film treats -- a B-movie that knows where it's going and how to get there.
A surprisingly effective thriller, featuring good-to-great performances and a taut, interesting screenplay with enough twists and turns to keep the audience entertained for its scant running time.
For what it is, A Perfect Getaway is absorbing and effective, largely due to Twohy's muscular direction and more-intriguing-than-you-expect work from the actors.
Can't get away from the psycho-stalker formula, so predictability trumps creativity in the end.
It might as well have been re-titled Red Herring: The Movie.
Twohy serves up a hard-to-swallow second-act twist and an unconvincing back story, but the slightly overlong A Perfect Getaway recovers with a pulse-pounding climax.
The result isn't deadly dull, but it does turn what should have been a most dangerous game into a basic scenery-chewing contest.
This feels like a classic case of a B movie showing its more heavily hyped A-list competition how to get the job done with little fuss or fanfare.
A Perfect Getaway is one of those very clever whodunits that keeps you guessing for quite awhile. But on the way home, as you replay its tricks, you may feel more conned than charmed.
Twohy correctly banks on the fact that his audience will be too busy sifting through those aforementioned "red snappers" to care about the details.
For a low-brow, psycho-on-the-loose-in-paradise thriller, A Perfect Getaway is surprisingly entertaining, with exactly the right elements to overcome the inevitable cliches.
A gimmicky, tricked-out tale that is all too self-aware. But the film does keep you guessing and probably guessing wrong.
If you're willing to have your patience tested, Twohy and his cast reward it.
Viewers know the gotcha is coming not only because they've been groomed to expect a third-act left turn in movies like this, but because the film's characters won't stop talking about it.
A Perfect Getaway is a clever, heart-pounding thriller, and a welcome return to form for the director.
While the suspense-thriller may not be a good movie, it's sort of entertaining and funny.
Unfortunately, in Getaway, the bad things that happen include a lazy script.
Paradise-set thriller is stylish, slick, and very violent.
What is surprising about this effective little thriller is how cleverly writer-director David Twohy toys with the conventions of the genre as they exist today.
David Twohy doesn't do much new and the twist is as obvious as a tornado in the Texas Panhandle. But that doesn't make it any less of an escapist joyride on a hot summer day.
A Perfect Getaway has its imperfections, but for a thriller of its kind, it's a lively and slick summer escape.
As thrillers go, the film is more nerve-wracking than most, and far better acted -- the four principals are terrific, particularly Jovovich, who gives a really nuanced performance.
Parental Content Review
For all the characters' talk of second-act surprises and red herrings, the observant will have no trouble seeing writer/director David Twohey's breadcrumb trail of hints.
This is pretty light fare, but it does not pretend to be anything but a populist popcorn flick shot to be shown in the latter part of the summer.
Just the thing for the summertime movie blahs: it's a genuinely satisfying cheap thrill.
The entire third act is an exercise in manic, flashbacky histrionics -- but Zahn and Olyphant's mismatched machismo and the bizarre mystery at the heart of the story do score high marks for exceptional and thoroughly engrossing weirdness.
Would someone please write a movie good enough for Timothy Olyphant? A Perfect Getaway sure isn't it.
Doesn't want to be anything more than a ninety-minute thrill ride, and unlike most of the bloated blockbusters of late, it succeeds on its own terms.
A Perfect Getaway is not an Oscar worthy film, but it sure passes the time and packs a great punch at the end.
...one of the most entertainingly trashy thrillers to hit multiplexes in quite some time...
Every once in a while, a movie comes along that seems to have been made merely so those involved in the production could have an awesome vacation.
...a total cheat.
While hardly a film for the ages, it is exceptionally effective at what it sets out to achieve - namely, pumping up the tension, tossing us a few red herrings, then blindsiding us with the Big Surprise.
Occupies some strange middle ground for people in the mood for not much thinking and a little action, but not too much.
Although it's a mediocre thriller at best, it has a certain pulp charm and appealing toughness to it.
Getaway is like Bonnie and Clyde on a bad rerun of Survivor with more spins and twists than a salamander on the canopy of the Amazon rain forest -- except they're in Hawaii. Overall, a better travel commercial than a summer thriller.
Initially suspenseful and has a sexy cast and beautiful scenery that provides lots of eye candy, but the suspense and intrigue fizzle out when its "whodunit" mystery ends during the hour mark...
A shrewd thriller that's both smarter and funnier than you'd expect.
A hugely entertaining pulp thriller that delivers the goods in a stylish an effective manner that beats most other recent films of its ilk like a gong
Unashamed of flaunting its B-movie conventions
A Perfect Getaway isn't perfect, but Timothy Olyphant makes it entertaining.
Twohy constantly dares us to guess, only to throw the scent elsewhere, get us accustomed to our new idea, and then throw it back right where it started.
You're either on board with what Twohy was trying to achieve here or not. Unfortunately, suspension of disbelief only can go so far.
If the ending does not confuse you, maybe you were just not paying attention.
For the promise it held at the onset and the foolishly inane places it opts to travel to, this is a particularly arrogant letdown, a thriller with a rancid bite.
A Perfect Getaway starts with confidence and rarely steps wrong; it knows exactly where to go and what to do.
... terrific piece of filmmaking, so well-tuned that you never see machinery at work until the gears all click into place.
[Director] Twohy eventually paints himself into a corner with an explanation that's fatally far-fetched. By the end, you're convinced he'll try anything, no matter how illogical, to hold the audience's attention.
That's what's so confusing about David Twohy's A Perfect Getaway as it appears to attempt to be clever and original, only it ends up being one of the most obvious thrillers I've seen in years... and the audience ate it up.
What looks like a 'Survivor' rip-off is actually an ideal summer flick boasting beautiful scenery, hard bodies and shrewdly deranged minds.
A Hawaiian honeymoon turns sinister in this effective but absurd thriller from writer-director David Twohy.
A Perfect Getaway is proof that a dumb idea can be brought to life, however briefly, by smart people, and writer-director David Twohy is nothing if not clever.
Will genre fans take this totally artificial, over-the-top serial-killer movie as a straight thriller, or understand it as the parody one hopes it's intended to be?
Even if you know what's coming, it's a neat bit of meta-thriller filmmaking, as much about the mechanics of storytelling as a reasonably satisfying example of it.
A Perfect Getaway is smarter than it looks and more fun than it has a right to be.
a failure, and a highly flawed one at that.
A cringingly self-aware, painfully verbose, and somewhat smug motion picture, Getaway is itching to keep audiences guessing, but it's far more successful at putting viewers to sleep.
A Perfect Getaway, a more scenic than scary movie about a couple whose Hawaiian honeymoon goes horribly wrong, takes a long time to get where it's going.
David Twohy's programmatic vacation thriller A Perfect Getaway is silly and fun and while it has its annoyingly meta moments it certainly won't leave you bored.
After a promising premise, it soon disintegrates into a preposterous predator/prey tale filled with brutality, bloodshed and butchery.
This could have been a triumph of structure over story if only the importance of the structure had been better camouflaged.
Here's a thriller that worked for me.
Doesn't succumb to gratuitous violence or forehead-smacking stupidity. That sounds like smaller praise than it is.
Smug? Damn, this is a self-satisfied, arrogant excuse for a film, in which the red-herringness is piled on with outrageous aplomb till there can be no doubt that Twohy is daring you to guess what's up and hoping you're not up to it, or not caring if you a
Prides itself on a clever twist and a few great red herrings. You know how I know? Because it actually tells us. Literally. As in, in the dialogue.
After toying with us, Twohy's reliance on standard shootings and stabbings is really rather boring.
Who's been murdering newlyweds, turning a beachy paradise into a tropical hell shared by three pretty couples? You'll probably guess, but that doesn't take away from the slicked-up genre charms of this A Perfect Getaway.
The exotic setting and characters deserve more riveting situations than this imperfect Getaway gives them.
Fast and twisty, A Perfect Getaway is an economical little thriller that pretty much accomplishes everything it sets out to do.
Half of the movie seems fresh and hair-raising. The rest is just disappointing and predictable. At least it provides the underrated Steve Zahn, a likable and inventive actor with natural talent, with a starring role. He makes every minute count.
A bizarre action thriller, it has a good beginning, a decent but unbelievable middle, and a last reel that's so weird and risible that the audience begins laughing out of embarrassment and disbelief.
A Perfect Getaway is never great, but Twohy isn't aspiring for greatness -- he's after gritty and lively and weird. And that's good enough.










@highlight

While smarter than the average slasher film, A Perfect Getaway eventually devolves into a standard, predictable, excessively violent thriller.