The producers and writers missed a chance either to make the case for television news or to bid it a fond farewell. To ignore such an obvious elephant in the room seemed odd.
I saw Broadcast News twenty-three years ago and I remember every word. I saw Morning Glory last week, but I don't think it'll have the same impact. Fun, but ultimately forgettable.
Morning Glory can't find its footing between romantic comedy... and biting workplace comedy.
Morning Glory is a lackluster knockoff to Devil Wears Prada, minus the heart, cleverness and fashion. It's just not a good time, as it claims to be.
The perky heroine played by Rachel McAdams.... is so bright-eyed and bushy-tailed she probably showers with caffeinated soap.
Director Roger Mitchell and the great cast bring so much energy and humour to Morning Glory that it becomes an enjoyable, if completely unaffecting, piece of escapist fluff - just like good breakfast television.
A cut above the usual rom-com tripe while remaining several notches below the caliber of talent involved.
It's hard not to have fun at this delightful comedy which features strong performances from McAdams, Ford and Keaton.
Watching McAdams juggle all the pieces provides much of the laughs, but both Keaton and Ford get some positively hilarious traction as Colleen and Mike clash on the air and compete for the spotlight.
Behind the frivolity of this rom-com also lurks a serious theme about the importance of proper old-school journalism.
It's entirely appropriate that Morning Glory ultimately turns into a celebration of quaffable, formulaic fluff.
full review at Movies for the Masses
You don't watch stuff like Morning Glory for intelligent commentary on modern life and everyone involved is aware of it ... while there's been good, sometimes funny drama about the collision of news and entertainment never has it been so pointless.
Ford is a snarling cartoon version of his grim political thriller self played for laughs. And McAdams is no Mary Tyler Moore but she's just this side of being that appealing.
At worst, it may put you to sleep.
Sit-com style zany comedy that won't exactly change your life, but has the odd good joke and proves Rachel McAdams well capable of carrying a film, even opposite Harrison Ford and Diana Keaton.
[A] deeply dislikable comedy of embarrassment...
A bizarre celebration of dumbing down that fails to work as satire, comedy or romance. The characters are one-note and a good cast is wasted.
Basically a self-serving justification for the prominence of fluffy entertainment over sharply written and intelligently crafted stories.
Presumably, we are meant to find this cute, rather than intensely depressing.
A film that ambles along agreeably and features fine performances from co-stars Diane Keaton and Rachel McAdams.
Harrison Ford gives an under-par performance in this disappointing TV-studio-set romantic comedy.
Morning Glory stays firmly on the launchpad, doing increasingly desperate run-ups, but collapsing in a gawky heap whenever it tries to take off.
Morning Glory would have been more amusing if it wasn't so contrived. And if Harrison Ford hadn't become so entrenched in playing the grumpy old man he was in Extraordinary Measures last year.
Rachel McAdams, a once fetching actress, runs about as if "Fetch!" is the only cry coming from behind the camera. Fetch the joke; fetch the funny line-reading. Wave your arms about.
A vehicle for an effortless performer, but void of conviction.
Michell's seamless, steady direction lets McAdams's energy shine through and allows Ford and his fellow news anchor Diane Keaton to craft beautifully timed comedic performances...
It's worth getting up early for...which is more than you can say for most breakfast TV.
Enjoyably fluffy, frequently amusing comedy with a superb supporting cast and a terrific lead performance from Rachel McAdams.
Every one of its cues might be tele-prompted, but this is an assured, likable comedy.
Rachel McAdams gives a star-making performance - mainly cos she plays Becky as a proper, likeable human being and not a chick-flick-standard, high-heel-tripping, Sandra Bullock-faced idiot.
Morning Glory is as insubstantial as the telly it tries to make fun of.
Roger Michell's film is a straight forward romantic comedy, refreshingly strong on the latter and sparing with the former.
Morning Glory is fluffy alright, but it's also delicious.
A breezy, formulaic souffle of a comedy.
Morning Glory is that rarest of treats, an American comedy which is actually funny thanks to a witty script and an energetic lead performance by Rachel McAdams.
Rachel McAdams proves that she can carry a romantic comedy. Her talkative, bubbly personality will win the hearts of many in the audience.
Amongst the big name cast, it's Rachel McAdams that shines in this rom-com with substance.
snappy script helps make this rather goofy comedy much more enjoyable than it should be. And it also helps that the film is extremely well-cast
The film is at its best in its first half when Michell is letting us in on the ceremonies, rituals and hierarchical conceits that govern breakfast television.
While it comes up short in the warmth and depth department, it is notable for a modest comeback of sorts for Harrison Ford.
A forgettable trifle about a struggling breakfast TV show.
Ford and Keaton crackle and snap in TV satire.
Overacting is matched by plastic storytelling
Little glory in this heavy handed formulaic comedy
Becky is cute, entirely too conversational and consumed by her career. And, as portrayed by the equally adorable Rachel McAdams in 'Morning Glory,' she is funny, sweet and endearing.
Rachel McAdams just seizes this film and goes with it and tends to leave everybody else in her wake a little bit because she's such a force -- such a potent force.
I really enjoyed this. It's a delish soufflé for Christmas.
Becky a remarkable Plucky Girl, determined but also charming, clueless but also deeply insightful, and of course, played by the dazzling Rachel McAdams.
An energetic and entertaining comedy...
Harrison with his cool, calm and collected contemptuous air nicely holds everything together as the grouchy news executive from hell replacement for a female foot fetish anchorman. The Devil Wears Aftershave.
an uneven concretion of at least three different films each existing in a universe mutually exclusive of the others that have, nonetheless, somehow found a way to meet, merge, and form a whole that is geometrically smaller than the sum of it parts
Takes it as a given that hard news is boring and has no audience, that the Ford character is a jerk for standing up for it, and that lowest-comment-denominator, ratings-driven nonsense is both a good thing and something worth rooting for.
Everything in this movie, written by Aline Brosh McKenna and directed by Roger Michell, seems way off.
Morning Glory a delightful surprise.
Harrison Ford has turned into a screen master of supreme grumpiness...and he makes it pretty funny.
The primary reason to see this thinly-written comedy about a morning news show is to see Rachel McAdams carry her first film.
Maybe I'm feeling generous because of what has passed for comedy this year, but I did find Morning Glory OK. That it could have been great is what is annoying about it.
What IS the story with 'Morning Glory'? No seriously, you need to pick one.
Morning Glory is a sweet, fun and hilarious romantic comedy that survives mainly because of the charming and lovable performance from Rachel McAdams.
A notch more serious and just slightly more realistic than the TV classic Mary Tyler Moore.
A mildly amusing screwball comedy, evoking a surprising amount of laughter.
The movie is unevenly paced with wild shifts in tone. It too often goes for the cheap and easy laugh. It is entertaining enough to get a passing grade, but borders on being a pilot episode for a prime-time television sitcom.
Morning Glory is basically Working Girl for dummies. But even dummies need movies -- and better ones than genuine rotgut like Due Date or The Bounty Hunter -- and this comedy has enough charm, poise and class to satisfy viewers of all IQs.
Even the sparks between Ford and Keaton can't help Morning Glory much because it's completely based around a main character that annoys the audience out of any possible affection for her.
If Hollywood decides to do a remake of Grumpy Old Men in about 10 years, let me present you with the ideal candidate to fill one of the lead roles: Harrison Ford.
A fluffy blend of Broadcast News and That Girl, with emphasis on the latter... depicts the cutthroat world of morning television with the sharpness of a butter knife. Only a spunky cast prevents the film from being as tedious as a test pattern.
'Glory' is overcrowded and tries too hard to please...
Workplace comedy is winning but predictable; OK for teens.
McAdams is a ball of fire as the flailing, unbalanced but always lovable Becky.
Can an overbaked soufflé still be too "fluffy"? Morning Glory's catch phrase gives new meaning to chick flick.
If you're into fluff, this one will stick to you as easily as goo.
The film offers an appealing lead performance from Rachel McAdams and an engaging rendering of the clashes and split-second decisions that complicate live broadcasts.
A movie about a morning news shows starring Diane Keaton and Harrison Ford? The actors are dinosaurs and the format is about to go extinct. Forget reviewing the movie, maybe I should be carbon dating it.
Morning Glory is just routine Hollywood dishonesty (with the most annoying song-score since Juno) and wastes its stars.
Lou Grant would kick this caffeinated fluff ball to the curb within the first few minutes.
A comedy that turned out to be so much better and more entertaining than I imagined it would be. (Parental Review also Available)
Maybe substance is more than we can hope for in a rom com, and we should be satisfied with a few laughs and smiles
This production is a mess for many reasons, most of them having to do with its frantic efforts to be funny.
Blows a noisy raspberry in the face of old media while the mocking warble of a Natasha Bedingfield song plays over the end credits.
Morning Glory is a tart, terrific comedy that gives Harrison Ford his best and funniest role in years.
The message of Morning Glory -- that austere TV journalists could stand to lighten up a bit -- may be dubious, but Michell and his cast sell it persuasively.
Has moments of sparkle, but the screenplay disappoints and the luminous Rachel McAdams overdoes it.
McAdams is typically effervescent here, but she can't rescue this weak comedy.
Morning Glory isn't terrible. It has a lot of craft, a lot of star power, and a fair number of laughs. What irks me is that the filmmakers settle for so little.
Pretty standard material is enlivened enough by McAdams to supersede the cliches.
Pretty standard material is enlivened enough by McAdams to supersede the cliches.
Saved By McAdams
One of the most confused screenplays of the year makes it the morning show equivalent of Broadcast News; only with compromised standards encouraged.
Rachel McAdams proves perkier than a dozen Katie Courics in Morning Glory
A good, simple comedy for what ails you... it's not stupid, just content to be a blithe entertainment.
Michell's camera swoops, the soundtrack swells, and that pretty little dress flaps artfully. Sensible suits, you see, don't waft in the wind.
Panders to the lowest common denominator.
[McAdams's] Adorability Quotient is off the charts. If being ingratiating is a crime, she'd be shot at sunrise. But this good nature doesn't seem forced.
It plods along.
Painless enough, leavening superficiality with substance, allowing you to watch and still do the laundry without missing anything vital.
An old-fashioned comedy that respects brains, ambition and, as McAdams' anchor dubs, her "repellent moxie."
Morning Glory isn't targeting the dumbing down of TV news. It's pandering to the audience that craves the dumbness
Sparkling performances by McAdams, Ford, Keaton, and Goldblum, brilliantly directed by Michell from a terrific script by McKenna make for a thoroughly entertaining romcom.
Morning Glory is Fun!
Morning Glory is one of those rare mainstream comedies that's far better than it should be. It's a fun crowd-pleasing movie indeed.
Everyone involved here is operating well below his or her skill level.
It's okay.
It is what it's about - kissing frogs for ratings, entertainment that panders to the lowest common denominator.
McAdams excels in comedies. She's been the best part of so many movies (going as far back as Mean Girls) that it's a wonder no one has given her a role like this before.
This charmless movie thinks it can soft-sell its date-night love story and its media meta-jabs without people feeling they've been bamboozled on either count. To which we can only say good night, and good luck.
McAdams is rolling out her best Julia Roberts impression. Ford is trying to be the ultimate grumpy old man. It can't be all that bad, can it? No, but it could be better.
[A] generally woeful comedy.
Of all the young actresses to come along over the last few years, McAdams feels like the one that's got the best chance to become the next Julia Roberts, and nowhere is that clearer than in MORNING GLORY
It starts with McAdams. She is beyond priceless as Becky. Without question, this is one of the finest, multifaceted and highly nuanced performances of the year.
Morning Glory is a comedy that seems to be based entirely on Rachel McAdams' energy. Luckily, she's up to the task.
Despite the conventional manner in which the story is resolved, Morning Glory generates enough entertainment, good will, and genuine laughs to make it hard to dislike.
Morning Glory becomes a lot like the morning shows it spoofs: all personality and no substance.
It's pretty fun, but it's nothing special.
Morning Glory is ultimately something of a morning news show version of a morning news show -- perky, jerky, chit-chatty and polished. And eminently, pointedly, forgettable.
It includes more than a few clever lines, and boasts a stellar cast, including the underutilized Diane Keaton.
Ford is the most casual he's been since Working Girl. When he and McAdams spar, you can't help but tune in.
McAdams is a great screwball actress working, sadly, in an age when there are no great screwball roles. But Morning Glory at least has some pizzazz, and suggests an awareness of the way serious journalism has one foot in the grave.
The movie does show some welcome wit as it satirizes the idiocies of morning TV -- until it starts repeating itself in the second half.
Precious little rings true.
McAdams goes beyond the cute-young-thing and makes Becky a workaholic who's a bit challenged in the love department. It's not much, but it's enough to keep our interest.
Although the occasional montage lays things on a bit thick, "Morning Glory" moves at an engaging pace, developing a snappy rhythm that's all too rare in modern comedies.
"Morning Glory," which was written by Aline Brosh McKenna ("27 Dresses"), is a dumbed-down "Broadcast News" (1987) lazily directed by Roger Michell ("Venus," "Notting Hill").
The film is unique in its revisionary take on the rom-com - it's not love, but love of career. As well as Ford's legendary anchorman, glowering down on info-tainment from a Cronkite-ian cloud of disdain.
For the most part, Morning Glory is a delicious movie that will make you jump for joy.
Morning Glory is a juggernaut. It has one directive: make the audience fall in love with Rachel McAdams by all means necessary.
A frothy bit of entertainment that never gets tired of the glow that radiates off Rachel McAdams.
In every way the heart of the story is McAdams. She is a wonder, lit from within and utterly captivating.
The strong far outweighs the weak in this spirited flick that, like its warring journalists, realizes that sweet and sour mix together quite nicely.
Ford was funnier in Extraordinary Measures than he is here, and that was a movie about terminally ill children.
It doesn't pay to have a good memory or high standards when appraising Morning Glory, a fitfully amusing broadcast satire that unfortunately invites comparisons to sharper times and pens.
Ford is still a magnetic hunk of gray-granite movie star, and in Morning Glory, he finds a way to trick up his deadly somber, shifting-quicksand delivery into a shrewd and amusing acting style.
It has a formula, but it's a successful one: excellent cast meets clever script meets talented director.
"Morning Glory" is like a forced marched of adorableness, backed by a music supervisor's mix-tape of syrupy songs.
Unlike the show's fictional morning show, Morning Glory never finds the winning formula.
With an abundance of creative talent and laugh out loud moments "Morning Glory" is the perfect film for Fall.
Morning Glory is a breezy, delightful fall comedy that sparkles from start to finish, a fresh, welcome edition amidst the solemnity of the current Oscar bait season.
It's a portrait of a young woman and her world, but both are undercut by one-note, heavy-handed comic acting.
It's a slight movie that makes Broadcast News look like All the President's Men in comparison.
It's formula entertainment, admittedly, but there's real pleasure in seeing the equation worked out so cleverly.
Mainstream moviemaking at its most proficient, with a zippy script, comfort-food casting and a breakout performance by a deserving star.
This is a brash, lightweight backstage comedy that looks lovely, doesn't insult its audience and uses its stars, both young and old, to terrific effect.
McAdams plays her role exceptionally well: as the young actress on the verge of the big time, who can win the boy, tame the beast, flash her panties and make you smile without making you cringe, she is a natural.
This just in: Morning Glory can't decide whether to skewer the morning news or wallow in its pap.
Morning Glory" is undeniably enjoyable as it bounces along in its messy way -- Michell, bless him, keeps the pace snappy -- but you just wish it were a little smarter.
McAdams' performance is worth the price of admission, but a resolution as satisfying as her work is not to be found.
A good movie that could have become a great one.
You won't be shocked or surprised by much of Morning Glory, but I found myself entertained by the film from end to end, thanks to expert direction and the ridiculously adorable work by McAdams.
How can a movie so derivative be so genuinely funny? The Glory in this case comes from the bright, sunny cast, including a luminous Rachel McAdams and a sparklingly grouchy Harrison Ford.
Deftly avoids romantic comedy cliches, only to fall flat on its face in an attempt at sophisticated career girl comedy.
The only love Morning Glory truly cares about is the passionate but sexless amour fou between a girl and her work.
In rhythm, humor and performance, Morning Glory is, at best, sporadic.
A Hollywood movie doesn't need to serve as media criticism. But don't serve yesterday's news, pretend to treat it as vital and then turn it into a mere bauble.
The movie's a pleasant and occasionally hilarious ride, even if there's a bait-and-switch at its core.
[Harrison Ford] hasn't been this entertaining in years, actually, and that in and of itself gives "Morning Glory" a pass.
Morning Glory defines "mainstream" cinema, the kind of safe, palatable film you could recommend to someone who has complained that Hollywood (for better or worse) doesn't make them like they used to.
Aspires to be a lightweight pleasure but only sporadically possesses the necessary charm or magic.
Dressing Diane Keaton up in a fat suit to battle a sumo wrestler isn't funny; it's depressing.
'Morning Adequacy' is more like it...basically an elongated sitcom that benefits from Ford's turn as an acerbic old-timer contemptuous of the turn his profession has taken.
It's glossy, moves quickly enough and has a few enjoyable personalities. Maybe the intermittent laugh. But afterward you realize it tried to cram a whole lot of vapid stuff into one compact time frame.
Even the fluff feels recycled here.
The rom-com equivalent of a glass half-full.
Morning Glory is a funny entertainment to begin with, and then Rachel McAdams transforms it. And Harrison Ford transforms himself.
It's a good enough movie. But it came this close to being great.
A welcome little pick-me-up like your pre-work coffee. If given the chance, Rachel McAdams could save the romantic comedy.
Sporadically charming, especially when vet stars Harrison Ford and Diane Keaton are on screen, Morning Glory is an overly familiar romantic comedy about the workplace, rehashing ideas from Broadcast News, Working Girl, and other films about Girl Power
Morning Glory doesn't reinvent the wheel, but takes it for a pleasant spin around town
Best-case fallout from this joyless TV-land lemon: Harrison Ford is driven into retirement, Diane Keaton gets a morning show.
When it catches a wave of satire and farce, it's an engrossing, amusing feature, gifted superb comic flight by Michell.
Writer Aline Brosh McKenna doesn't know how to pull the trigger on a punchline, no matter how hard she tries..It's like a soufflé that never rises.
A sharp and endearing take on the workplace comedy, anchored by veteran Roger Michell's sure-handed direction and a luminous lead performance from Rachel McAdams.
An overcaffeinated sitcom.
Morning Glory raises the bar for lowering standards.
A genially midrange if overlong romantic comedy.
It merely recycles 1987's Broadcast News with only a single reference to YouTube.




@highlight

It's lifted by affable performances from its impeccable cast, and it's often charming -- but Morning Glory is also inconsistent and derivative.