No matter how exhausted cinema is in its dystopian anguish, this film shows us that there are still independent horizons for the genre in the future. [Full review in Spanish]
The dialogue and the central narrative arc do not live up to the ideas present throughout.
This film begins well... but after a while it becomes way too ordinary. [full review in Spanish]
Automata has some interesting ideas but is let down by its clunky script and even clunkier acting.
Unfortunately, like some of the malfunctioning robots in the movie, Automata is a clunker.
There may be little here that we haven't seen before, but Ibanez keeps the pace fast and manages to suggest a bit of religious allegory without bonking us over the head with it.
Not since The Matrix, or perhaps even Blade Runner (which Automata also liberally references), has a dystopian world seemed so compelling in-and-of itself.
It's frustrating how close Automata comes to being a great film.
Too many thoughts, not enough focus in this neatly realized futurist film
The cliched conventions of the futuristic sci-fi genre are all present and accounted for in this particularly arid and harrowingly slow example of the form.
Visually inspired but thematically derivative, the apocalyptic sci-fi drama "Automata" pits humans against robots with predictable results.
Personally, if I were you, I'd bypass it for a double feature of "Cherry 2000" and "Runaway."
...rarely do we see such good-looking science fiction that borrows smartly from the best films of the genre and tries to do something intellectual with the material.
One gets the feeling of witnessing some kind of primordial origin story about parallel destinies for the human race and the intelligent machines we make.
"Autómata" is a movie that's all look and no feel, all sizzle and no steak; while it's remarkably easy to appreciate a film with such nimble visuals, the lead-footed storytelling makes it difficult to care.
There are interesting ideas here, but they are swallowed up in dull, poorly choreographed shootouts and other action nonsense.
Autómata's generic urban 2044 dystopia is a realm of hazily gray CGI buildings, many rubble-strewn and abandoned.
A mid-budget science-fiction effort that borrows so freely from so many other genre favorites, "Automata" barely has an original piece of circuitry in its mainframe.
Antonio Banderas does work hard to keep us engaged in this convoluted sci-fi thriller about rebellious robots. After an hour, though, you'll wonder why you didn't just stay home to watch "Blade Runner" again.
Automata approximates the look and feel of idea-driven science fiction, but it doesn't have any actual ideas.
The effort to make thinking man's sci-fi is admirable, but it requires a steadier, surer hand.
The poetry in Ibáñez's soul has to cohabit with a lot of spray cheese.
Much like a spate of recent summer blockbusters, there's a tiring sense that every single facet of the narrative has to be rendered with truculent solemnity.
Good looking, good leading man, but in the end, just another predictable, empty-headed "Blade Runner" knock-off
The overwrought, uncontrolled sci-fi thriller Automata is a disappointing example of a film that lacks the imagination to follow persuasively through on its engaging initial premise.
Even for sci-fi, some logic has to enter the plot, which also needs to be devoid of major holes if it's not to fall into ridiculousness, and that, unfortunately, is where Automata lies.
The audience should be warned that the film boasts a cliche level that could be hazardous to health.
A visually stunning, creative debut for an intriguing new director.
Imagine a good version of I, Robot mixed with a less action-heavy Blade Runner and you're somewhere along the lines of this sci-fi mystery movie
The film works as an entertaining rumination on man's relationship with technology and increasing reliance on machines.

@highlight

Beautiful to look at but narratively hollow, Autómata short-circuits its handful of intriguing ideas with an overload of sci-fi clichés.