An utterly ludicrous entry in the biblical-horror subgenre.
Why spend your money watching an extended trailer?
I really enjoyed this stupid movie.
Heaven help these fallen angels.
A bold faced rip off of the "Terminator" films...
A few minutes shorter, and an ending that doesn't outright quote the beginning of the movie, and we might have had something here.
...a disappointingly uneven and thoroughly pointless horror effort...
Swallowed up by its effort to be a film of multiple genres. The only genre it earns a place in is comedy; it achieves an amount of unwarranted laughs of biblical proportions.
"It's a labored, darkly photographed, cringingly acted hodgepodge of fanciful geek-bait genre ideas and hideous connect-the-dots scripting. Who knew the end of the world could be such a screaming bore."
Inane dialogue, a bad, derivative storyline and evil angels make up this overblown, poor-man's would-be Terminator in which an exploding upside-down crucified man is one of the low points. Just when you think the film couldn't get any worse, it does.
It's up to the Archangel Michael (Paul Bettany) to save the human race - or at least the denizens of a desert diner - after a disappointed God loses his temper and sets off the Apocalypse.
While entertaining--and you do get the Angel Explodo--it does stretch its silliness factor just a bit much.
Ah well. At least we know Paul Bettany's mortgage is covered.
Strangers thrown together by fate are trapped inside an isolated diner as zombies converge outside %u2014 an army sent by God to clean out humankind.
Oh, what a wacky bunch of stereotypes in this diner! There's a rich guy, a black person and even Dennis Quaid!
In the end, you're left wondering why the Almighty has so much trouble disposing of a small group hiding out in a diner and why Paul Bettany signed up for such a pointless venture in the first place.
Legion has the audacity to set itself up for sequels without giving the audience enough compelling reason to care about this first installment.
Could have been T2 with seraphs, or Assault On Precinct 13 crossed with Revelations. Instead, it's a lazy genre bore. Doesn't bode well for Priest, the next Stewart/Bettany film in the pipeline.
Celestial tosh of less than Biblical proportions.
The sort of confused mess liable to provoke an apocalyptic cull of humanity by any rational supreme being with an interest in cinema.
Bettany's job: rescuing the modern Mary, a skanky waitress, and saving her unborn child. Our job: holding back the laughter.
The first time, God did it with a flood. Now he's doing it with creepy monsters who can only be repelled with deafening fire from sexy weapons. At least it will keep you awake.
The movie is close to a guilty pleasure but it is also a very silly, crummily-scripted mess with no idea how to get from one sequence to the next in that way they call... storytelling?
Angels with machine guns? It was probably great fun to make; just don't expect to have quite as good a time watching it. As a piece of action horror it suffers from an identity crisis.
ILM visual effects wizkid turned Director Scott Stewart has (literally and metaphorically) thrown up the world's dullest horror actioner, although its premise and beginning do at least offer some promise.
First-time feature director Scott Stewart is a former ILM special effects wizard who's been given the keys to the store and it shows. There's little sense of narrative cohesion - or any explanation for the moments of madness.
More than a little silly, it veers between high camp and supernatural hokum as an overqualified cast gives the portentous, Bible-based action far more conviction than it deserves.
Apocalyptic sci-fi movies are becoming regrettably common, and Legion is the daftest yet.
Despite the religious trappings, Legion is an old fashioned shoot-'em-up with satisfying gunfights, a pacey plot and barely a dull moment. Dumb fun.
By the tedious climax, the desert setting was reminding me a lot of Resident Evil: Extinction, except this isn't as good.
I haven't had more fun since Eight Legged Freaks.
More apocalyptic twaddle, this time the setting a scuzzy diner named Paradise Falls - groan - on the edge of the Mojave Desert.
If you like biblical tales and fancy a bit of action mixed with angelic references this will be worth a rental. The main message is, have faith. But be warned, this film will test yours.
At the end of the day - or should that be end of days - it boils down to nothing more than a glorified apocalyptic zombie movie.
A series of set pieces offer individual moments of self-satisfied gratuity, but collectively add up to precious little.
If it wasn't taking itself so bloody seriously one could at least laugh with it, but as it stands Legion is a film that one can't help but laugh at.
Entertainingly trashy thriller, elevated by strong performances and some gleefully over-the-top moments.
That flat middle chunk is the problem, the only thing keeping it from being a respectably stupid B-movie.
Angels we have heard on high. coming down to kick our sorry butts. God can't make up his mind whether he wants humans to survive like they did after the great flood. The battle of the ages singles down on a pregnant woman about to give birth to a holy
There's nothing wrong with being preposterous, but this guilty pleasure thriller has a tendency to be pretentious as well.
Winged things are flitting in two movies, one of which is aimed at adults and the other which is aimed at children. Neither of them is worth seeing.
God could have saved himself a lot of trouble if he'd only have taken the words to 'You Can't Always Get What You Want' to heart.
[A] mediocre picture.
There's a lot going on, a lot of theology, a lot of bad horror movie effects.
Legion will have you wishing for the end.
Goofily entertaining, especially when the cast isn't speaking, this rip-roaring blasphemous diversion is worth a gander or two, especially for those who enjoy bug attacks, exploding crucified humans, grossly expandable limbs, and loads of gunfire.
Anne Rice was right; angels are just as hot and just as deadly as those bloodsuckers from Twilight and True Blood.
By the time it was over it was all I could do to stop from yawning, and if God were one of us I'm sure after watching this he'd probably have been doing to same.
I'm quite confident Jesus would hate this movie.
It's Terminator plus Dogma times Supernatural as set in a Stephen King novel reinterpreted by someone without a sense of humor or knack for dialogue operating on a low budget. But God help me, I liked it!
A love story and a quest for faith gurgle in the background, but it all fades to exploding stomachs and the Archangel Gabriel's chainsaw.
I would prefer to think that Legion was written by a Final Draft program possessed by Pat Robertson's subconscious.
The down time between action scenes is deadly dull and the film's hoary cinematic shorthand (i.e., a young Black man enters the film to the sound of hip-hop and fights with his baby mama) is more terrifying than anything else served up.
If you're really that hard up for yet another apocalypso horror show, you'd could do worse than renting 1995's The Prophecy, which at least had the good sense to cast Christopher Walken as the angel Gabriel.
Essentially a B-movie dressed up with A-level special effects, Legion looks spiffy but sounds bad with a lot of overwritten dialogue scenes and predictable action.
This feature debut by writer-director Scott Stewart may sound like an enjoyably goofy theo-horror romp, but it's a serious penance.
The screenwriters... don't have anything remotely like the training, talent, or the apparent inclination to do anything with this material that is in the least bit entertaining or insightful.
Movies don't get much more wick wick wack than this amusingly God-awful -- and yes, that's God with a capital 'G' -- horror-action spectacle that alternates between outrageous camp and sobersided sanctimony as it slouches toward cable immortality...
Every time an M16 with teflon-coated bullets fires, an angel gets his wings.
There's a fumbled excuse that "God got tired of the bullshit" and decided to wipe out humanity. In this regard, the audience will probably be on God's side.
A holey mess.
For maximum enjoyment concentrate on the action and let the theology slide.
If you wanted to see a new movie about a dude sportin' a six pack and fluffy white wings, you could do worse than Legion. And by doing worse, you could see Dwayne Johnson snatching spent molars in the family attraction, The Tooth Fairy.
It's a wonderful life where every time you hear a whelp ring out, another angel gets his head blown off!
Films with angels as characters usually fascinate me, but 'Legion' is not one of them. Its story makes no sense, and the movie's religious theme rings false.
Legion is hellishly bad.
Out of the 8 characters that could save the world, I wished 7 would just die and get the apocalypse over with.
It's something of a mess, unsuccessfully combining elements of Night of the Living Dead with The Terminator.
End of the world much? As yet ANOTHER twist on the apocalypse, Legion could have done with a lot less pontificating and much more action to mask the muddled plot.
A faith based shoot 'em up of biblical proportions, with god guns and angel wing weapons of mass destruction. While God's sidekick, a Brit and possible obstetrician, wards off an entire planet of pro-abortion busybodies in his midst.
Legion has the good sense to mimic a classic but otherwise makes no sense at all.
I'm not sure who the target audience is for Legion - it's too talky for the action crowd, and anyone who knows the Bible will find it ridiculous
It's one of those movies you just want to hate, you just have to hate because deep down, you know it hates itself.
an incoherent flick positing, amid all the apocalyptic mayhem, that the Almighty is out of touch with His/Her inner Deity
[Has] at least a semi-awareness of the ridiculous hooey it's slinging ... a B-movie that's almost as much fun to laugh with as it is to laugh at. Note: I did say almost.
Legion may traffic in signposts of the apocalypse, but the whole affair mostly indicates that we're in the movie wasteland that is January.
I am dubious about the theological underpinnings of Legion. And I don't even believe in this crap. I generally like my fantasy to hang together in some sort of semblance of sense, however.
There are no orgies of planetary destruction; the action almost never leaves the diner, which may be just as well, since a short scene in heaven looks as if it were filmed on the set of a community college Shakespeare production.
Where many a movie falls into a vat of cheese is when it tries to show us "the other side." The angels' barracks turn out to look like the loft of an industrial-sized stable.
Parental Content Review
A cartoonishly grim supernatural thriller that could stand a lot less talk and a lot more thrills.
A ridiculous piece of hokum that is far more fun than it has a right to be.
In the end, Legion is damned not by God but by dopey and long-winded dialogue, its inherent cheesiness, bland characters, and a very confused take on the Almighty.
Even if you overlook the lousy lighting, awkward editing, and uneven acting, there's so much talking -- and so little story -- that your mind is likely to wander.
The goofiest plundering of the Bible since Christopher Walkin's 'Prophecy' pictures...a combination of horror movie cliche and pseudo-religious mumbo-jumbo that proves a pretty fetid brew.
While it's hard to give the movie a whole-hearted recommendation, Legion is better than it should have been due to Stewart's attempts to NOT make it into just another high concept video game existing merely to set up a franchise.
If you've seen it in the endlessly running ads, you've "seen it" in the film itself
Just a random cast playing caricatures of themselves, who are occasionally interrupted by half-baked otherworldly attacks. Movie over. Shrug.
Legion is USDA Prime Fail.
Director Scott Stewart, a former special-effects man, has not made a film for the ages, but he has made a decent piece of mindless entertainment.
Alas, after a brisk start, the script turns out to be a rough and humorless beast slouching its way towards utter ludicrousness.
God's given up on the human race and plans to wipe it out. Again.
A dramatically muddled but surprisingly involving Bible-themed fantasy thriller...
Bettany's presence keeps Legion from becoming just another zombie variant.
Beneath its superficial religious facade, Legion is really just a run-of-the-mill zombie flick. A Biblical 'I Am Legend'.
Legion makes absolutely no sense and while the action scenes are cool, the dialogue bits in between are way too drawn out and boring. The ending is so unsatisfactory.
Whoever is responsible for the final cut must get the brunt of the blame. Sadly, a far better, more cohesive picture probably exists somewhere on the cutting room floor.
... just because I enjoyed [The Terminator] doesn't mean I want to sit through a witless dinner-theater retread of the movie featuring a cast that is capable of much better.
When all is said and done, Legion is all talk and no "do", a prude film with some seriously wasted potential. It's boring, slow-paced and takes itself way too goddamn seriously.
The finished product is shockingly bad ... an exercise in futility. Spare yourself the agony.



@highlight

Despite a solid cast and intermittent thrills, Legion suffers from a curiously languid pace, confused plot, and an excess of dialogue.