Enjoy scoping the things you can never quite get a look at because of the stampede of tourists, and mull over Sokurov's sentiment that the contents of the Louvre are worth more than all of France.
While Francofonia has very little to offer on the subject that's new, Sokurov is spry and chatty and keeps things continually engaging.
Sokurov raised any number of fascinating questions and unexpected historical perspectives in this engrossing documentary.
Francofonia is unusual, sometimes challenging, and always intriguing.
Francofonia is beautiful to see, and the big ideas still tug at the heart of viewers and remind contemporary audiences of their place in the world.
Highly recommended for people close to art cinema, avid consumers of World War II stories and above all, for those who enjoy art in general. [Full review in Spanish]
Using documentary footage and bits and pieces of semi-realist dramatics, [Sokurov] tells of the strange friendship between the Louvre director Jacques Jaujard and the Nazi officer sent to oversee the treasures and possibly relieve France of them.
An exhilarating intellectual exercise that packs a ludicrous amount of philosophy into 88 dense minutes.
There's an unlovely self-importance to Sokurov's droning diatribe that rather distracts from the cultural significance of the subject.
The Russian director Alexander Sokurov has never been afraid of tackling weighty, often philosophical issues head on, and his latest film Francofonia is as pioneering - and, some might say, unnecessarily uncompromising - as ever.
In praise of art, but also a reminder that we need to treasure what we have.
This is graceful and provocative filmmaking. It works both as art history and as an account of wartime Paris under German occupation.
By turns baffling, disturbing, moving and provocative, Alexander Sokurov's dreamy documentary stimulates the heart and head, just as it tests the limits of descriptive analysis.
Impossible to appreciate in a single sitting, this masterly piece of polemical filmmaking is as intoxicating as it is intriguing.
A true conversation with the past, which reminds us that all of what we consider fixed in the canon or forged by history is in place because of specific human personalities and decisions.
Sokurov's thematically chewy if visually choppy film essay on the Louvre's chequered history demands close attention.
In the end, the film suffers from cultural overload.
Definitely a unique cinematic experience at the very least.
Unfortunately, as one man's idiosyncratic rumination on not just the Louvre during the Occupation but how the Louvre occupies Europe's imagination, Francofonia's only intermittently interesting.
Sokurov has great ability to get us interested in what's happening in spite of his unconventional narrative. [Full review in Spanish]
With brutal and sometimes thrilling irony, Aleksandr Sokurov delivers a documentary that's equal parts sensible and effective. [Full review in Spanish]
A big display of beauty and ideas, a feast for the eyes. [Full review in Spanish]
Changing the narrative of his previous film, the director experiments with a new technique to tell an interesting and reflective story. [Full review in Spanish]
A masterclass in ironic and smart cinema, and while we're at it, very Russian. [Full review in Spanish]
A testament of the importance of France in world culture. [Full review in Spanish]
A profound reflection about art, its universality, and its close relationship with power. [Full review in Spanish]
"Francofonia" is terribly over-directed and seems strange just for the sake of being strange.
These 90 minutes fly by fast, by turns fun and funereal, in a rich rumination on war vs. culture, time vs. the timelessness of art.
This is disjointed and dreary, its power diluted by Sokurov's constant, self-important narration.
A horror story based on real events. [Full review in Spanish]
Francofonia is a brilliant meditation on art, on war - and what happens to art when nations go to war.
As Sokurov examines a pivotal point in the Louvre's history and gives us a virtual tour of the magnificent museum, he makes larger points about the vital importance of art throughout human history. This is one of the most beautiful films of the year.
Near the one-hour mark, the filmmaker asks, "You aren't tired of listening to me yet?" If you aren't, you will be soon.
"Who would we be without museums?" ... more drenching than daunting, a fluent, warming bath of worthy ponderings.
"Francofonia," a powerful cinematic essay on how art and war are irrevocably intertwined, has an ideal canvas and time peg for its philosophical musings: the Louvre Museum during the Nazi occupation of France.
What's most impressive is the access Sokurov and his camera got to the great works of the Louvre, thus allowing a closer look than we're ever likely to get in person.
Sokurov's elegy for Europe - and for art - is eloquent, sorrowful, and challenging. And films like this suggest that such epitaphs may be premature.
An essay film, maybe a lyric essay film: ambitious and personal, concise and complex, insightful and at times limited by ponderousness.
"Francofonia" is a love letter to France and the Louvre, but it's also a harrowing reminder that not all cultures have been held in such high esteem.
Francofonia is part-history lesson, part-philosophical ramble, as the filmmaker, acting as narrator, ponders the meaning of collected artworks, going so far as to suggest that they are the ultimate spoils of war.
[Sokurov's] little capers loosen up the proceedings and make his underlying seriousness more inviting. A philosopher with a sense of humor is a rarity.
"Who would we be without museums?" Aleksandr Sokurov wonders as he narrates this challenging philosophical essay, and sifts materials back, forth and around in the Louvre's history.
Blending archival footage, actor re-creation and special effects (sometimes all in the same shot), he creates a sense of specific place and time - and, in doing so, crafts a sort of cinematic ode to art.
Sokurov presents some interesting visuals and ideas but this rumination feels like a work of self-conceit that is likely to leave even the art house crowd mystified.
It's fascinating stuff, full of arcane asides and visual puns.
Much more than just a Louvre gift shop souvenir, Alexander Sokurov's latest art-related film is a dense, visually inventive essay about the legendary Paris museum.
Everything seems to be over; yet Sokurov sends you out of Francofonia feeling there are still good faces to observe and Napoleons to be undone -- and not just in France, either.
Wandering through the Louvre's colonial plunder, Sokurov ponders the lost worlds of Egypt and Assyria, but ultimately finds his way home.
Resplendent and reflexive, gritty and silly, 'Francofonia' is much like its title, suggestive of rock concerts and recondite lectures.
This film wanders like a flâneur between past and present, traversing space and history, crossing from fiction to nonfiction and back.
Sokurov has a gift, perhaps unmatched among his international peers, for turning intellectual brooding into visually arresting cinema.
Beware the film billed as a "meditation" on anything.
Francofonia is scatterbrained, occasionally leaden, frequently redundant, crammed with false starts and dead ends, wrapped in gauzy greenish murk.
Francofonia is a ruminative essay about the Louvre, which to Sokurov isn't merely the center of Paris but the center of the world.
The subject of Francofonia is art as the spoils of war... Making the barest hint about the destruction of historic artworks in Syria at the hands of ISIS, Sokurov gently reminds the viewer why all this is terribly relevant today.
The mood's often as fun as it is funereal, and though the film occasionally feels clever in a way that isn't necessarily a compliment, Sokurov's ideas have a philosophical depth and richness that are found almost nowhere else in cinema.
Alexander Sokurov's dense, enriching meditation on the Louvre and specifically (but not exclusively) the museum's status during WWII defies categorization.
Francofonia is a fascinating essay and meditation on art, history and humanity's idea of itself.
Rich, complex, challenging.
If Francofonia is indulgent at times, and meanders the halls and galleries of our European cultural heritage, it's one which is enlivened by Sokurov's own idiosyncratic wit and the Ariel like powers of cinema itself.
Sokurov's film is filled-to-bursting with passion and ideas - consistently fascinating, thought-provoking and beautiful to behold. I look forward to parsing its many layers in subsequent viewings.
Of course, this being Sokurov, you can't let the film lull you into abstraction and relativism.
Skipping across ages and genres, this cine-essay beguilement from Russian Ark director Alexander Sokurov considers the Louvre - and the miracle of the transmission of art and culture across its history.
For all its congratulatory spirit, the film has the persistent feeling of an elegy bidding adieu to a bygone time.
What matters at this point, as Sokurov admirers can confirm, is to hold your nerve, and to trust that all these strands will be threaded into the weave of a larger design.
With surreal touches, "Francofonia" persuades the viewer that museums are not simply storage rooms for old paintings, but symbols of a culture's identity.
While unlikely to appeal to those unwilling to convert to Sokurov's style, Francofonia is nevertheless an intriguing look at the Louvre.
Francofonia is a Russian documentary that weaves between archival footage and pictures and historical re-creation to tell the story of the Louvre, primarily during the German occupation of France during WWII.

@highlight

Francofonia may test the patience of the uninitiated, but viewers willing to delve into a beautifully filmed look at the intersection of art and war will be richly rewarded.