Reno 911!: Miami has an actual plot that keeps getting in the way of the comical cops-versus-freaks action.
Lowbrow hilarity for adult fans of the TV comedy.
There are a few very funny moments in this thankfully short 77 minutes, but nowhere near enough ideas or gags to sustain a feature-length version of this TV show.
Irregular, mas ainda assim capaz de arrancar boas risadas com seu humor nonsense.
This is Reno as it should be done for the big screen: bigger, wetter, fouler and even funnier.
It's mindless, stupid fun%u2026 and it works. The successful formula? It's short, sharp and never takes itself too seriously
Being this unfunny should be illegal.
There are some laughs here and there, but with some very long gaps in between.
It's the poor man's Police Academy VII: Mission to Moscow.
Like some deformed offspring that's been walled up in an attic for 20 years, this resurrects the spirit of Police Academy.
A morass of mediocrity.
Its barely sketched, improvised skits deliver very few laughs.
Fails to raise even a titter.
Very, very low-brow.
Patchy, but occasionally hilarious comedy, enlivened by likeable characters and a commendably high gag rate, even if they don't always work.
A veritÃ (C) riff on the â~Police Academyâ(TM) series is the idea behind cult US sitcom â~Reno 911!â(TM), which, here, is stretched to breaking point for this puerile punt at cinematic glory.
The performers bring enough spirit that the idiocy oversteps malice and manages to be funny about half the time.
The change of scenery hasn't worked any wonders for this goofy, grossout Nevada law enforcement gang, to say the least.
..the plot stops parodying 'Cops' in favor of general lunacy. The "R" rating allows the humor to get a bit cruder, but gratuitous nudity and sexuality don't really offer anything new.
A series of setups does not a movie make.
Crass, profane and full of nudity, "Reno 911!: Miami" is an average attempt to stretch a half-hour Comedy Central ensemble comedy into an 80-minute movie. I
It's a completely unnecessary, ramshackle mess of a film. But it does keep you laughing.
Great if you Love the Show. But I Get the Show on Basic Cable, Anyhow.
Disappointing for those of us who love the show...
I'm just not a fan of the show, and Reno 911!: Miami doesn't help in the least to make me one.
Handcuffed by an annoyingly contrived plot that keeps its zanier non sequitur TV giggles in lockdown.
Dissipates the series' smart blend of satire and slapstick with its threadbare plot, excessive running time (even at 84 minutes), and pedestrian direction.
... fans who have been chafing at the limits of broadcast television will get more breasts, buttocks, and f-bombs than they can shake a stick at.
...they failed to come up with an effective way to transfer the show...to the big screen...
The characters are perfectly evolved screwups and the premise (every legit cop is quarantined at a police convention, leaving our heroes in charge of Miami) has potential. It lacks only the discipline of a 30-minute episode.
It will grow on you like a fungus, my friend, and you will laugh more than once.
as long as you can appreciate a good fart joke, Reno 911! Miami is worth your admission
Without the aid of substances, Reno 911!: Miami is as much in need of laughs as its characters are in need of a collective brain transplant.
A breezy ride which, while not exactly comically inspired and lacking the structured tightness of the TV show, is an agreeable enough way to spend an hour or so.
There are laughs here but the overall levity level seems more in line with a TV movie. I mean, why does the chicken cross the road? No, really. Why?
So bawdy, so unfunny, and so unlike its small screen roots that after the first 30 minutes I was so desperate to change the channel.
Most of the humor is just casual references to outrageous behavior, awkward sexual feelings among the cast, preening self-regard, utter cluelessness, and insecure anxiety of its characters, and slapstick.
An utterly inane whodunit more in search of a cheap joke than the perpetrators of any crime.
Reno 911!: Miami is too safe and unremarkable to be a crime against comedy a la Norbit, but anyone in search of a laugh feels robbed all the same.
Hearkens back to comedy classics like Police Academy 5: Assignment Miami Beach, specifically in the areas of quality control, production value and chuckle quota.
The comedy gang from the popular television series takes their highly polished improvised comedic stylings to the big screen for bawdier and more explosive laughs.
Broken up into four episodes of the television show, who knows, this might be a masterpiece. Seen at one sitting, it falls well short of that. Not for lack of trying. More for trying a little too hard.
The Reno 911! movie is a lot like the Reno 911! TV show except everybody's naked and it's not as funny.
Has its crude little charms, but for a movie based upon such a cutting and acerbic series there is no excuse for how forgettable it ultimately is.
As a movie, it's like a spandex banana hammock stretched out over Lt. Dangle's crotch. Funny, but frighteningly thin.
It's a bit like last year's Miami Vice movie, except there are more breasts and the laughs are intentional.
It is marred by a lack of inspiration, some flat celebrity cameos, and the same gay jokes and identical situations over and over again.
For funny, it's not even on the same map of the former Soviet Union as, say, Borat. But the straight-outta-cable Reno 911: Miami is funnier than Super Troopers and at least four of six Police Academys.
Joyfully ridiculous...proudly puerile... revels in obscenity... immature violence...
Running a mere 80 minutes and somehow still feeling heavily padded, this Cops spoof yields a few amusing (if widely spaced) moments but otherwise simply revels in the gratuitous nudity, language and below-the-belt gags that an "R" rating provides.
The film's longer running time means more dead spots and the more elaborate stunts demand tighter scripting and less room to improvise, which is a shame since improvisation is the Reno gang's real strength.
The actors behind this show are far more talented than this movie suggests -- many of their funniest quirks haven't made the final cut -- and there's no excuse beyond simple quick-buck greed for such a sloppy effort.
It's a pure delight that the show's genius performance troupe has assembled one of the highest-concept, lowest-brow, most uproarious movie debuts since the surprise sensation of last year's cable crossover Borat.
While the characters are funny in Reno 911!: Miami, they really could use a straight man, or at least someone who isn't totally incompetent. There are plenty of Bob Goldthwaits in the cast, but no Steve Guttenberg.
People unfamiliar with the show might find the movie amusing. People unaware of the Keystone Kops might find it hilarious. But for fans of the series, the movie plays like a stretched-out version of one of the less-stellar episodes.
This is not the kind of movie where you want to waste any time on character development; you only need to know that, for these guys, 'serve and protect' has been replaced by 'my bad'.
If you're a fan of the show, you'll probably be a fan of the movie -- which mostly retains the Super Troopers-meets-Cops-by-way-of-Christopher-Guest-only-not-quite-as-funny vibe.
A formulaic, unfunny farce that will leave you nostalgic for Police Academy.
The gags vary -- a tattooed-breast mystery kinda sags -- but there are lots of laughs.
It's a lot easier to pack laughs into a half-hour television show than a full-length feature film, and if you need proof, you'll find 84 minutes of it in Reno 911!: Miami.
The film is just a loosely connected set of skits in which incompetent, narcissistic Nevada cops prove just as inept and self-absorbed in Florida.
If you like the TV show, you'll like the movie. If you like stupid movies you'll like the movie. If you want to have your soul elevated, look elsewhere.
Reno 911!: Miami starts to wear out its welcome right around the 30-minute mark. Had it been made as a two-part episode of the series, with a week in between for our memories to lapse, we might not have noticed this is just more of the same.
For the most part, this movie feels like a just-missed effort.
This is mostly a listless hodgepodge of half-improvised whatever, the seven lead characters so flatly conceived they're like the Keystone Kops (without the chops).
This low-rent, nonsense cop business filled me with a nostalgic twinge. I didn't know I wanted the Police Academy series resurrected with a lot more hilarity, but I'm glad somebody did it.
The humor is arresting, and boredom is thrown into lockdown.
Sadly, there's not much of an arresting development from the lovable nitwits from Nevada.
It's a film chock-full of violent slapstick, sexual innuendo (or downright blatant sexual depiction) and dirty jokes... I found myself laughing quite a bit.
While it's intermittently amusing, none of this was appointment television to begin with, so it's hard to imagine big crowds shelling out for it at the multiplex.
What feels amusingly anarchic on the small screen feels underdeveloped and disjointed on the big screen, perhaps because instead of commercials gluing the jokes together there's dead air.
There are enough irreverent moments here for a swell episode of the heavily improvised series, but as a feature-length proposition, there are so many occasions where it just sits there that the film could issue itself a ticket for loitering.
They're out of ideas. Moving it to a different city and putting it on the big screen doesn't cure that problem.
It looks terrible and has the production value of a snuff film. Hell, I'm not even sure it's an actual movie. But Miami features a convincing amount of hilarity and just the right amount of smut to consider this lateral move to the screen a success
Instead of creating a movie, the Reno 911 gang has made a dumber version of their TV show, while adding curse words and nudity, which is what I would expect from 10-year olds.
As a TV show, Reno 911! is diverting and amusing; as a motion picture, it's overlong and wears out its welcome. The film offers some solid laughs, but not enough to justify sitting through 80 minutes of the faux cops' antics.
...moves the group to Florida for a police convention, but its emphasis on caught-on-tape idiocy remains.
Aside from uncensored profanity and unpixelated nudity, the Reno 911!: Miami never really stretches its legs, and instead often feels more like a stretched-out half-hour episode.
... it probably cost less than the catering budget of average Adam Sandler comedy and, in its own hit-and-miss scattershot fashion, it's about as funny. At least when it hits.
Reno 911!: Miami is pretty much a feature-length movie version of a television show that sometimes has trouble finding enough material for even one 30-minute episode.
Reno does manage a titter here and a giggle there. But it's a cheap, dumb, obvious movie. How cheap? The big screen never seemed so small.
Big laughs are spaced out by a lot of dead air in between.
Reno 911!: Miami will suffice for fans hungry for new material and tired of waiting for the show's fourth season to end or the fifth to start.
By all rights, such a slapdash formula shouldn't work. And yet, this is a movie that gives fans of the show pretty much everything they could want.
While you may laugh here and there, if you wait for the DVD you can skip the slow sections for the high points.
Comedy Central's Reno 911! -- a spoof of the police ride-along show Cops -- takes a shot at stretching the concept into a feature-length film. Unusual for this misfit crew, the shot pretty much hits its intended target.
The movie cleverly pokes fun at action-movie clichés. It has the wild chase scenes and the totally unnecessary plot twists, yet the characters are anything but the super-cool-under-pressure cop-movie archetypes.
For the poor souls deprived by their lack of basic cable, this is a decent introduction to the characters and the show without all those pesky bleeps and blurs.
Overlong and unimaginative, this inflammation of the usually hilarious Comedy Central show goes to great lengths to justify its extended running time, but winds up repeating its jokes before the first act is over.
You are in for some good laughs!
The TV show excels with its short squad-car bursts of random inanity; here, the plot -- stretched out to 84 minutes -- feels like a dime bag tossed aside by a fleeing perp.






@highlight

Reno 911!'s anarchic brand of comedy loses much in translation to the big screen where it feels slapdash and shallow.