There are balls of lint smarter than Dragonball Evolution.
Dragonball: Evolution is my least-favorite film of all time. I hate it with every fiber of my being. If you were ever curious about the show Dragon Ball or the manga... please, avoid this cinematic disaster at all costs.
There are fewer depressing sights than Chow Yun-Fat performing stilted wire-fu in a Hawaiian shirt.
This film offers further proof, as if any were needed, that Western filmmakers cannot do justice to their Eastern counterparts when it comes to retooling anime and/or Fant-Asia for Occidental consumption.
More concerned with recruiting the testosterone troubled boys of today than it is rewarding fans of yesteryear.
As far as 2009 flops will go, [this] could have been much worse to sit through...
A contender for the worst movie of the year was released in April.
I am no expert in the field of Dragon Ball. However... the first live-action, English-language film in the franchise is absolutely insipid.
For anyone writing it off as a kiddie film, Dragonball: Evolution should be considered child abuse. Put everyone involved with this catastrophe on the receiving end of a Kamehameha wave.
this first installment was actually entertaining enough that a sequel could work out the kinks to become a very solid franchise.
The story seems to have been made up as the film went along, and not by anyone talented. The fight scenes and special effects are shamefully pathetic.
Faced with the choice of watching Dragonball: Evolution again and perishing in a fiery apocalypse, I'd take Judgment Day every time.
A rather tame live-action sci-fi flick.
The producer, Stephen Chow, made the funny and original Kung Fu Hustle, but here he and director James Wong get into a terrible mess.
Having been blandly adapted from a Chinese folklore-inspired Manga, that's about as much of the story that makes sense. Gibberish in the extreme, it has all the narrative cohesion of a trading card game.
No, its unforgivable flaw is that it is boring, and the only emotion I could work up after exiting the theater was a yawn.
[Chow's] hamminess doesn't make Dragonball Evolution make more sense, but it's a great way to cope with an otherwise inexplicable kitschfest.
Dragonball's value -- such as it is -- is that it's too dumb to actively hate.
Poor Emmy Rossum went from "Phantom" to this. Now that's a career decline.
Evolution is far more entertaining than it deserves to be, unless you're a 10-year-old boy, in which case it's only the greatest movie ever made.
just another dull teen action film
There are a few entertaining fight scenes. But there is also uneven CGI, bad dialogue and a host of clichéd moments that make Dragonball Evolution just another disappointing matinee movie.
The film is crammed with treats for old-school Dragonball fans. For everyone else, this amounts to another seen-it-before, probably-willing-to-see-it-again distraction, a passable collection of 'splosions and special effects for a slow film weekend.
Fans of the best-selling Dragonball comics (and cartoons, and videogames...) might have a shot at untangling the knotty dream-logic that strangles Dragonball: Evolution's live-action adaptation.
The giddy, anything-goes spirit of Japanese manga comics and Hong Kong martial arts flicks animates Dragonball Evolution. Not enough to make it a good movie, mind you, but enough so you won't hate yourself if you sit through it with the kids.
Inept movie based on anime series has lots of martial arts action.
It's not aggressively bad. It's more like a dumb, energetic puppy.
Wong's noxious narrative is nothing more than a hyperactive hackjob that may appease some 10-year old boy grasping his Jackie Chan action figure. [A] cobbled-together canker soar of a fantasy
It may be vaguely engaging, provided you've never seen Star Wars, The Lord of the Rings, The Wizard of Oz or any other variation of the Hero's Journey in your entire life.
Admittedly, it's never boring...but nor is it ever logical, coherent, rational, etc.
It's hard to muster up fear for the end of the civilization when the whole production looks like an hour of network filler.
A few times each year, a movie comes along that makes the viewer just want to shake his or her head in disbelief at the ineptitude that has found its way to the screen. Dragonball: Evolution is amazing in its badness.
This movie has plot holes big enough to fly a dragon through and relies on the audience's pre-existing knowledge of the original source material for everything to make sense.
It may be silly and occasionally miscast, but Dragonball Evolution never loses steam; the movie is both entertainingly ridiculous and ridiculously entertaining.
A hyperactively messy little adventure fantasy in which movement is everything and meaning means nothing.
Eleven-year old boys may very well enjoy Dragonball: Evolution, but anyone outside that target demographic might well be advised to skip it.
Except for the presence of Hong Kong star Chow Yun-Fat, this shoddy live-action film is no different or bigger than the sort of junk kids plop down to watch on TV after school.
Chintzy effects, badly overdubbed dialogue, an idiotic script and a cave set that looks exactly like the "caves" on log-flume rides.
A more accurately descriptive moniker would have been Dragonball Stagnation.
Uninspired and cliché-ridden.
The production tries hard in parts, with doses of wry teen humour and imaginative visual effects, but overall, the finished product has no more than a boring, dull veneer to it.
Pretty freakin' sweet, if you're 10.
The fight choreography in "Hannah Montana" is infinitely better.
It's this generation's Surf Ninjas, and if you remember that at all then you know what I mean.
It's a flat take on wild narrative twists involving a shape-shifting villainess, magic balls, and a blistering finishing move called "The Kamehameha." With those ingredients, perhaps the animated realm is where the material should remain.
The special effects are rotten. Some CG landscapes even look as bad as those cardboard backdrops they used in old 'Sixties Star Trek episodes!
Making no effort to be original, exciting, witty or even vaguely plausible, it may pass the time as sparkly fodder for 12-year-old boys with plenty of sugar in their bloodstream.
Dragonball Evolution is an example of Hollywood at its most calculating and cynical. Utter drivel.
Dragonball: Evolution is so lazy and cheap in every aspect of its execution that the end result is almost unwatchable.
Tearing through its mystical, who-gives-a-toss storyline like a pissed bat bouncing off cave walls, Dragonball's cocktail of cheap effects, eye-rolling cliches and dismal direlogue will have fans of the series condemning it as a beyond-lame failure.
Run a mile in any direction from Dragonball Evolution.
Super-colourful, super-bouncy and as much of a giggle as a tickle fight in a balloon factory.
It's just dull, dumb and depressing.
Enjoyable action-adventure enlivened by likeable performances, fast-paced direction and a script that's smart enough to cover a few teen movie bases along the way.
The movie is at best a mixed blessing, helmer Wong moves things around quickly (running time is only 83 minutes), but the film lacks the scope and style of a mythic epic and the leads are played by actors who may be too old to be teenagers.
A charmless, somewhat cynical attempt to cash in on one of the most beloved anime franchises of all time.
Action packed and well paced, the film delivers exactly what it promises in terms of its style and quality effects and should appeal to the 15 to 24 crowd
Puerile childrens' sci-fi of a strictly B-movie standard.
Dragonball Evolution doesn't take itself too seriously, but avoids campiness.



@highlight

Executed with little panache or invention, Dragonball Evolution lacks the magic that made the books upon which it was based a cult sensation.