Absurd and quirky at times, The Matador plays like a "Bizarro World" variation of a James Bond film. It's beautifully shot, strange and deeply meaningful.
Brosnan's sleazy, broken-spirited hitman Julian Noble nabs the spotlight in Richard Shepard's generally pleasing comic thriller.
With great performances, including a scene stealing show stopper from Brosnan, and tight direction, this is a great crises of conscience tale.
...a hip and hilarious dark comedy.
Brosnan's work as a monster who'd like to become human, but has no idea how, is painfully funny.
Brosnan's irreverent charm makes this a welcome alternative to Bond nonsense, even if it's insufficient to compensate for dreary Kinnear ...
A chemistry-free buddy flick.
Get past the stunt casting, and The Matador has very little to offer, despite all the hubbub surrounding it.
Nice characters and situations: unfortunately, writer-director Richard Shephard didn't have much idea where to go with them.
But the gold star here goes to Brosnan. His performance digs deep into Julian's soul and it is that depth that makes the performance stand out.
in an ideal world, The Matador would be the movie to watch on a late Friday afternoon to start relaxing for the weekend
... it does give Brosnan a chance to show his comic skills in an edgy comedy that is perhaps not dark enough for the subject matter.
Thrives on its sleazeball hero being so colorful that you forget its thin, vacuous, amoral and improbable hit man story.
Brosnan is performing his own high-wire act here, daring us not to like his sleazy, vulgar, insensitive, immoral character.
Casting Greg Kinnear (As Good As It Gets) to play the straight man to Brosnan's wacked-out whack-man was a stroke of genius.
An amusing and original comedy that skips along with the quirky, charismatic shake-shake-shake of maracas.
Ole! for this off-kilter buddy pic with a darker side.
Pierce Brosnan oferece, aqui, um dos melhores desempenhos de sua carreira.
Demands to be loved in spite of itself and refuses to sugar-coat its characters for its audience. And that'll make it a love it or leave it film; there'll be no sitting on the fence after seeing this.
As a comedy thriller, The Matador is insufficiently funny or black.
A strangely funny dark comedy with Hitchcockian overtones.
It's quirky (everyone says so, but it's absolutely accurate) and chock full of real live heart and truth and human connection.
Even though it's a little too enamored with its edge and so obviously symbolic it could be called "The Metaphor," Brosnan is at his best, and the movie's got more on its mind than guns, giggles and a weenie-meets-warrior vibe.
The Matador is a delight. Brosnan displays a wonderful flair for comedy, while Kinnear is perfectly in tune as his shocked, straight-arrow foil.
Brosnan walks the line between sympathy and repulsion as a cartoony lonely assassin
A punchy movie, with Pierce Brosnan happily trashing his 007 persona.
It's almost as if Pierce Brosnan asked for a role as far from the debonair and cool-under-pressure James Bond as possible... and we're so glad he did.
Brosnan gives his most liberated and likeable performance since his Remington Steele days.
A constantly entertaining, invariably good-looking, bittersweet black comedy that's actually a lot more sentimental than it seems to think.
Imagine if John Wayne had played a rodeo cowboy. Or Clint Eastwood played a mall security guard. That's pretty much what happens to Pierce Brosnan in The Matador.
A breezy entertainment -- perhaps too much so.
Its best trait [is] the unique ability to walk the fine line, as Spinal Tap's David St. Hubbins would say, between stupid and clever.
This warmly-inviting black comedy plays like a David Mamet remake of Pulp Fiction.
... Redefines the possibilities of the buddy movie.
... a dark comedy that is missing the laughs to be funny and the darkness to be, well, dark.
Kinnear and Brosnan pull it off perfectly.
... one of the smarter films out right now.
... a wicked comedy with just the mildest amount of pathos to season the blend.
An entertaining caper anchored by great acting and a couple terrific plot twists.
Pierce Brosnan's 'facilitator of fatalities' is a great character, but the story that houses him is as ersatz as the recording of 'In the Wee Small Hours' the assassin plays on the businessman's turntable (that's not Sinatra singing).
After the lights have gone up and the movie's mild jokes and predictable reversals have evaporated, you might still be haunted by the grinning rictus of Pierce Brosnan's dubiously groomed, ghastly attired hit man Julian Noble.
You can almost feel Brosnan's glee as he allows himself to let it all hang out, both figuratively and (almost) literally.
[It] comes across... as a somewhat incoherent story told by a stranger in a hotel lobby bar.
Though violent and funny, and often both at the same time, the film by writer-director Richard Shepard is also a subtle and slightly skewed inversion of Brosnan's suave image.
You've never met anybody quite like the The Matador, even though you may think you have Pierce Brosnan pegged.
After you see this delightful black comedy about a hit man gone to seed, you'll never again pigeonhole Brosnan as a tuxedo-clad sophisticate with nerves of steel.
Whenever you think you know where the story is headed, Shepard unleashes another hard twist. Much of his excellence comes not in his storytelling but in the way he sets up situations that ooze with comic conflict.
... an unpleasant and unfunny comedy ...
A refreshingly tetchy indie wrapped in mainstream clothing.
Weird, but watchable.
There's a Tarantino-esque vibe to this film, but it does not have Tarantino's acid bite.
An almost perfect mix of heartbreak and humour.
How the two men become friends is as wildly funny as it is improbable, but that's the joy of this dark comedy.
Never as good as you'd hoped or as bad as you'd feared, The Matador is one of those of up-and-down experiences.
Une fort sympathique comédie dramatique sur l'amitié, les valeurs, le prix du succès et les racines des individus.
Although Brosnan is terrific, the rest of this dark comedy fails to reach the level of his tour-de-force performance.
Buoyant and jazzy, The Matador is like one of those '60s capers where Michael Caine was surrounded by beautiful women and Alfa Romeos.
Brosnan and Kinnear are a bullish odd couple.
This film is not so much a thriller as a comedy of bad manners. Action is kept to a minimum, but the conversation is what is interesting.
As exceptional as [Brosnan and Kinnear] are... writer-director Richard Shepard's film is ultimately the formula buddy picture that one would expect from the premise.
Broad buddy-movie comedy gets old quickly.
Let the good times roll, and take a run at The Matador.
[The film] forces the viewer to work too hard to buy its buddy pairing (Pierce Brosnan and Greg Kinnear), at times preventing the movie from being the goof it ought to be.
Unfortunately, writer/director Richard Shepard's pinata-hued comedy tries a little too hard for quirk, right down to its 'funny' musical score.
It's painful to watch as the movie basically destroys itself in the second half, slipping from its elegant thriller setup to tired sitcom shenanigans.
The destination isn't much to get excited about, but you're in good company along the way.
Shepard's story isn't tight enough to rein in Brosnan, who's emotionally all over the map as the globetrotting assassin.
The Matador is a superbly cast story that clearly marks Shepard as a filmmaker to watch.
A slight, but amusing character-driven buddy comedy.
A bit of mangled genre splicing, a tongue-in-cheek study of the old pro who knows he is losing his touch mixed with some rather middle-brow Dean Martin and Jerry Lewis style comedy.
insubstantial, but fun
[A] really, really strong film.
It's the collision of worlds and ethical standards, along with a clever script and great cast that allow writer/director Richard Shepard's dark comedy to work.
The film has a lot going for it, particularly Brosnan in the title role. What it does not have is much novelty.
Movie fans have seen any number of stories about hitmen, but it's a pretty good bet that even the most jaded of cynics will be unable to detect just where The Matador is going.
Unevenly paced yet darkly funny and consistently intriguing.
The Matador strives for an airy, merry amorality, but it never quite achieves liftoff, though at times it comes close.
In The Matador, Pierce Brosnan plays another man with license to kill, yet he gives a performance wildly unlike his suave superspy. In fact, it may be his best role yet.
The chief joy in this film is the balance of vulnerability and conniving slickness that [Pierce] Brosnan brings to his hit man and the easy kick that a middle-class husband and wife get out of knowing him.
This comedy is as dark as it is oddly unpredictable -- and sporadically hilarious.
This edgy little movie may not cut as sharply as a killer's knife, but it carves out a very diverting niche all the same.
A tart comedy about economic duress and the mind-set of a soon-to-be downsized hit man, it's also a salty celebration of the romance and necessity of friendship.
Writer-director Richard Shepard's movie is just a sweet, broadly made buddy picture that happens to look a lot like an Almodovar production.
The Matador wants to be Sideways with two wacky guys out on a wild adventure, but the movie only has one guy funny enough to make it work.
Writer-director Richard Shepard speeds through the hairpin turns of a pure-comedy 'what if?' premise....as quirkily suspenseful as it is ticklish.
As January settles in to its usual mix of unspeakable turds and gravitas-laden Oscar contenders, a sucker punch like this is just what the doctor ordered.
Richard Shepard's noirish movie is constantly couched in quotation marks.
Funny and touching.
The film is darkly funny and ultimately rather endearing, and it's already been a big career boost for Brosnan.
The film rapidly devolves into a lame buddy picture, part thriller, mostly goof.
Good comedy depends on surprise, and throughout The Matador I had no idea where the film was going.
The Matador is admittedly a trifle in the long view of cinema, but it's an amusingly adroit piece of work nonetheless.
The movie's writer-director, Richard Shepard, balances the macabre and the sentimental, and understands that although his film contains questions like 'don't successful people always live with blood on their hands?' its real subject is friendship.
A colorful, freewheeling tale that never gets beneath its darkly comic surface.
Brosnan struts through the movie practically sprinkling salt on the scenery.
May not manage a clean cinematic thrust, but Brosnan puts on a fine, flamboyant show to keep the crowd entertained.
The cinematography is consistently hipster handsome, the script is bracing in its lewdness, and Brosnan adds no unnecessary weight to Noble's meaninglessness.
The Matador gets a 151-proof tequila shot of sharp comedy from the droll byplay between Pierce Brosnan and Greg Kinnear.
Maybe Brosnan is so shockingly good in this film because Kinnear gives him the sounding board and safety net that the actor never had in his sadly solitary spy-flick duties.
Pierce Brosnan plays a gold-chain-wearing sleazeball in The Matador, a weightless, amoral romp about a professional hit man facing a midlife crisis.
The Matador feels like a cult gem that just might be able to target a larger audience weary of this season of self-important awards magnets.
Stepping into the role was a bold step by the retiring James Bond, and Brosnan's smooth fit comes as both a shock and a pleasure.
The Matador teeters between comedy and moral inquiry but doesn't quite make it either way.
A hit man/buddy flick that has a heart? Not something I was expecting with this likable assassin-lite comedy that is both entertaining and darkly funny.
Strong chemistry between the often-underrated Pierce Brosnan and Greg Kinnear helps turn what might have been an inconsequential genre exercise into a breezy, unexpectedly sweet odd-couple comedy.
Now that hoopla surrounding the holiday blockbusters has peaked, audiences will have a better chance at not overlooking this poignant comic gem.
Brosnan enjoys one of his best parts in years and there is no mistaking his exuberance as he embraces the role.
Julian speaks for the film when he says, 'I'm a wreck, I'm a parody.'
For a much better attempt at this kind of storytelling, make a mental note to some day check out Israeli writer-director Eytan Fox's Walk on Water.
Going from high to low, from happiness to sorrow, Julian's business is death, and with Brosnan giving the performance of his career business isn't just booming, it's murder.
Eventually, you forget Brosnan's ongoing effort to set fire to his trademark creased-and-polished image and begin to share his apparent glee in traipsing through this seriocomic farrago of crime melodrama, buddy movie and sob story.
Told with kinetic flair and a go-for-broke style that's more amusing than engrossing.
...plays a little classier, a little more hip than it otherwise might have due to Pierce Brosnan's rascally embracement of poking holes in his own image...
Sneaky, off-beat, satirically seedy psychodrama/thriller with Pierce Brosnan as a droll, comically demented hit-man
...thoroughly enjoyable and equally shallow.
The general details and color of The Matador fade quickly from memory while Brosnan's gamy, inscrutable libertine is still exhaling Scotch vapor in your face.
Shepard and his terrific cast turns a fairly simple premise into one of those rare buddy comedies that has both brains and heart!
An effective, wise, and frequently amusing entertainment that fondly sticks in the viewer's memory after the end credits have finished rolling.
A testament to the relatively unknown Shepard's imagination and smarts.
It's easy to tell how much Brosnan relished this particular role as he practically licks his lips in pleasure after nailing key scenes.
Where an actor's comfort zone and preconception of audience expectation intersect, Richard Shepard's The Matador exists.
Be sure to grab this one by the horns and enjoy the ride.
Rarely does an ensemble cast of such limited numbers create such charm and entertainment derived from plot and character.
It's a savage, breezy, occasionally obscene and sometimes poignant mix of comedy and crime.
...a captivating comedy. Brosnan gives the best performance of his career. Kinnear is a true comic genius.
In someone else's hands, this movie could have been terrible, but taken on by Shepard it ends up being a silly adventure bursting with quirky flavor.
Mixing comedy and the hit man thriller, Matador is a dialogue-driven buddy film about two disparate men (Pierce Brosnan and Greg Kinnear) who meet in a hotel bar--and help each other go through mid-life crisis.
Explores the friendship between a hit man and a suburban businessman that strains belief and leads to a totally improbable finale.
The movie has a nicely modulated mix of comedy and pathos, but succeeds as much because of the two lead performances as Richard Shepard's writing and directing.
Just sit back and enjoy the fun.
Neither challenging nor incompetent, the picture isn't courageous enough to fail and thus not courageous enough to be a masterpiece.
Slightly more engaging than most, even when the plot starts to stretch rather thin in the final act
What emerges is a film about friendship, albeit a very unusual friendship, and Shepard fills the screen with bright, rich colours in order to keep the film visually interesting during the frequently hilarious dialogue.
A painful morass of Odd Couple bickering and Elmore Leonard-style criminal kookiness.
A deft psychological thriller.
Dark comedies like this one are far too rare these days.
...moves at a brisk pace and features a pair of exceedingly enjoyable performances...
The Matador has that shiny sheen that quickly fades, yet is still fun while it lasts.
Brosnan's performance as a once-smooth hitman who has lost his mojo is as funny and as fearlessly absurd as anything he's ever done.
There's a good movie in the general proximity of The Matador, but it only crosses paths with the one you're watching in a couple of scenes.
A quirky yet commercial commingling of black comedy, seriocomic psychodrama, heart-tugging sudser and buddy-movie farce.
This occasionally stylish effort from writer/director Richard Shepard just can't make up for its lightweight script.
Manages to transcend the cliches of its basic plotline on the strength of the character-acting so richly developed by the film's two stars.
Brosnan and Kinnear deliver one of the most satisfying "guy movie" duos since De Niro and Grodin paired up for Midnight Run.
Like the down-and-out version of his Tailor of Panama character, Brosnan's performance here is a sincere treasure; possibly the most entertaining of his career.









@highlight

This humorously amoral, oddball comic thriller features strong performances by Pierce Brosnan and Greg Kinnear as a flamboyant, aging hit-man and an out of work suburban businessman, respectively.