The movie may not always be a knee-slapper, but it's smart, creative, and oddly sweet. At the very least, you'll probably never think of brunch the same way again.
What an odd, funny, invigorating little movie.
A unique twist on a tired genre turns into a tired twist on a unique genre.
Full of ingenuity and genuine surprises, this movie.
A more witty, nuanced, subtle, adult version of "This is the End."
As visually interesting as nuclear fallout.
A smart character-driven droll comedy disaster pic.
The title does not describe the quality of this low-budget dark comedy.
A quirky comedy of manners about the last party you would ever want to attend.
If you can look past the awkwardness of humor based on being unexpectedly trapped in a house during a major emergency, it's an acutely observed, frequently funny piece of work.
Despite the strength of his writing and his cast, Berger still falters when it comes to the final act.
While Berger's approach to satire and social commentary is somewhat scattershot, his reference-heavy dialogue is sharp enough to allow each cast member to make an impression.
Berger's one to watch.
The humour may not be wickedly black, but once in a while it's amusingly beige.
You certainly wouldn't want to spend your last moments with this bunch, but a couple of hours watching them is enjoyable enough.
Berger peppers the dialogue with enough clever lines and observational humor about the nature of relationships and human fallibility to make for an entertaining and darkly comic film.
You need better dialogue than Berger supplies to help It's a Disaster make a liar out of its title.
The movie's funniest touches are quiet flashes of character, expertly timed and nimbly played by a deft ensemble. "It's a Disaster" is consistently funny, but you wince more often than you laugh out loud.
"It's a Disaster" wouldn't be a bad choice for the last movie you see before life on Earth comes to a crashing halt.
An uneven, underwritten amalgam of comedy, drama and suspense that fails to pack a comedic, emotional or intellectual punch.
Dark end-of-the-world comedy is witty but mature.
A character-driven drama that mixes humor and seriousness when eight people are forced to take stock of their options as a nerve-gas cloud heads their way.
The apocalypse is the catalyst for a dissection of modern self-absorption; there's nothing like a major disaster to rouse you from a technologically-induced zombie state.
It's not laugh-out-loud hysterical, but the ensemble -- Cross and the always-amusing Hayes in particular -- establishes a just-zany-enough rapport that's enjoyable rather than irritating.
Berger never takes the camera more than a few yards outside the house, but that's fine; there's plenty going on inside, as characters carom off each other like billiard balls, slipping down pockets of misunderstanding and jealousy.
The movie elicits knowing smiles more than laughs, even as it reveals a boundless observational awareness about the beefs and slights that, for the small-minded, must feel like everyday Armageddons.
[A] practically laugh-free vanity comedy with C-listers facing the apocalypse in the form of a nerve-gas attack on Los Angeles.
An underbaked comedy about eight people facing their mortality.
For most of the way, it's clever and smartly proportioned, with the action confined to one well-exploited location and gags about love, the curdling of long-term friendships and petty social mores popping off everywhere.
The end of the world seems like not such a bad thing in Todd Berger's gleefully acidic satire about an awkward brunch that turns into a countdown to actual disaster.
Berger's got some clever ideas, but he does not push far in exploring them. And aside from Cross, there is virtually no one to like among these self-involved suburbanites.
A darkly comic crowd-pleaser built around a strong cast and sharp writing.
It's A Disaster is lively and assured before a third-act twist takes the film in an even more bracingly bleak direction.
Perhaps the first great indie apocalypse potluck comedy.
An offbeat little gem of a black-comedy that plays much better than it sounds. The deft screenplay and straight-faced comic actors make a familar premise feel fresh.
Todd Berger's misguided black comedy should come with a complimentary hazmat suit for how poisonously unfunny it is.
Imagine THE BIG CHILL crossed with RIGHT AT YOUR DOOR. Cleverly written and well-acted. If you like your comedy ultra-dark, this is worth checking out.
The film flirts with big ideas about adult relationships, but fails to locate any gravitas about its characters' existential or psychological crises.
It's a Disaster caustically asserts that even the most foolhardy relationships are prone to spontaneously erupt.
A smart, character-driven chamber play in which the cataclysmic offscreen event escalates the tensions between four already testy pairs.
It's A Disaster takes on a topic that's on everyone's minds, and twists it into a darkly hilarious dramedy with heart.
There are plenty more surprises in store for the couples who brunch and the lucky audiences who get to watch them do so.
Writer-director Todd Berger brings a fresh stamp to Armageddon with his sharply scripted comedy It's a Disaster, which is anything but.
There's something about It's a Disaster that's ripe with potential, but a slack atmosphere populated with overeager actors grows tiring, lessening interest in their ultimate fate.
A pitch-perfect black comedy, catching just the right tone of people blowing small things out of proportion when a really big thing, like Armageddon, is happening.
Like its opening shot - an image of a beach where we gradually pull back to reveal an atomic bomb test - this is fun that turns destructive.

@highlight

A clever black comedy, It's a Disaster is sometimes uneven but the sharp writing and stellar ensemble cast keeps the film on track.