... the movie overall doesn't quite live up to the sum of its best parts.
The Marilyn Monroe story has been told to death and it is a tribute to the filmmakers that they have found a new and refreshing angle to present her irresponsible behavior fed by manic insecurities
[My Week with Marilyn] is a delightful and entertaining movie.
When we are on the movie set or at press conferences, the film is delicious. And acidly funny.
This is a trifle of a film about a trifle of a film. But trifles can be appealing, especially English trifles, and this one is no exception.
This all sounds like the stuff of frothy period romance, but it comes off as dated, silly, and a little boring.
Enjoyable yet somewhat thin.
It would be easy to overpraise this very slight little picture. But its heart is in the right place. Marilyn was now and then, here and there, kind of fun to be with.
A great big slab of middlebrow fan-fiction.
Michelle Williams stuns in an Oscar-worthy performance in one of the year's best films.
I believe the heart of the film, and the cleverest stroke of all, is Eddie Redmayne as Colin Clark, someone few of us will have heard of.
A fun and tender tale of infatuation backed by two outstanding Oscar-nominated performances.
When Michelle Williams is singing about starting a "Heat Wave" by "making my seat wave," friends you will believe it.
The film hinges on Williams' performance and not once do you question that she is Monroe. It's that "all-in" that makes the film work in such fantastic fashion.
Definitive performances keep the viewer interested in a less than compelling screenplay.
My Week with Marilyn is a performance master class from Williams, Branagh, Dench, Ormond etc orbiting around the most boring protagonist that I've seen in recent memory.
A few good performances here and there do nothing to prevent this sappy, doe-eyed production from falling head-first into tedious territory.
a charming look at a small sequence of Monroe's life and the subtle impact she had on those around her. A wonderful film that goes beyond the story you already know.
Worth a watch just for Williams and the charming tale it tells.
Michelle Williams is astonishingly good as Marilyn Monroe in My Week With Marilyn. It's a great shame the film itself can't equal the brilliance of Williams' performance.
Williams captures the vulnerability, allure and transcendent appeal of Monroe perfectly.
The subject matter is interesting but I was disappointed with its delivery. The screenplay is repetitious.
Made with sublime sensitivity - not to be mistaken for weakness - My Week With Marilyn is a shimmering, memorable, magnificent movie
Like Chanel No 5, whose fragrance with which she is identified, the bewitching allure of Marilyn Monroe wafts throughout this gem of a film, allowing us an intimate insight into her fragility, loneliness and insecurity
An uneven story buoyed by a transformative performance by Michelle Williams.
Michelle Williams, who has received a lot of criticism for the shape of her body, deserves recognition for one of the year's best performances for her very convincing portrayal of Marilyn Monroe.
Most of all, without a shadow of a doubt or a moment's hesitation, I can state for the record Michelle Williams is sublime as the titular central figure, deftly crafting a performance that easily ranks as one of the best of the entire year.
Based on a true story about the iconic Marilyn Monroe, "My Week with Marilyn" depicts the actress at her most gorgeous and most frustrating.
It is Michelle Williams who really sets the movie apart. She eerily recalls the ethereal Monroe and her subtle shifts in mood really get at the heart of the often somnambulant girl-woman.
Williams and a solid cast keep the intrigue coming.
Williams is brilliant as Monroe while Branagh matches her move for move.
The egregiously lackadaisical vibe ensures that the novelty of the premise slowly-but-surely wears off...
An effective and entertaining portrait of how a young, starstruck man gets sucked into the dysfunction of the world's biggest movie star.
Marilyn Monroe can be best characterized as a mass of insecurities in a non-stop war with a gigantic ego. Award-bound Michelle Williams captures it perfectly.
He says he had a fling with her and, while I don't necessarily doubt his story, it's not as interesting as the tricky relationship between Olivier and Monroe.
It's a remarkable portrait and one that makes My Week with Marilyn a special film and one of the season's must-sees.
Who knows how many more Marilyn Monroe films Hollywood will make. 'My Week' is one of the best, but outside of the 'Marilyn genre,' this is not one that will be nearly as timeless as the icon herself.
TV director Simon Curtis does a so-so job filming Colin Clark's lightweight 2000 story in his memoir.
The cast is amazing and the situations often funny and often touching, but the film could have used some sort of revelation about its title character.
In her ravishing performance in My Week with Marilyn, Michelle Williams shows that Marilyn lives. And she still haunts.
It seems like oversimplified hogwash, but that's how films like this go.
But where the film does succeed is in giving us an insight into what has always been a baffling film. The Prince and the Showgirl seemed as odd an onscreen pairing as it was off screen.
Michelle Williams' stunning, captivating performance provides impudent, entertaining observations about a screen icon.
Michelle Williams...let me tell you something: she was Marilyn Monroe. Or...if she's not playing Marilyn Monroe, she's playing what we all think Marilyn Monroe is.
Michelle Williams' glowing performance, at times touching, tragic, innocent and sultry, rekindles Monroe's magic. Her British co-stars, especially Kenneth Branagh and Judi Dench, are memorable even in Monroe's light.
The astonishing experience of watching Michelle Williams transform herself into Marilyn Monroe tends to block out everything else going on.
Michelle Williams brings depth and compassion to her performance as Hollywood's tragic blond bombshell, and her sincerity invests this otherwise minor film with a sort of grandeur.
That's all familiar lore but, to his credit, director Simon Curtis lays out these separate ambitions and conflicting tensions with breezy dispatch in the early frames.
A triumphantly entertaining examination of the ultimate movie icon, miraculously embodied by Michelle Williams.
Five stars for Williams' extraordinary performance and for the delightful first half, which zips along at a fabulous pace.
Perfectly innocuous and at times somewhat touching, My Week With Marilyn never insults your intelligence, even if it doesn't exactly stretch it.
The talented cast offered stellar performances, but the most surprising was Michelle Williams who took on the daunting task of playing the iconic Monroe.
A little too hopped up on biopic cliches to say anything particularly interesting or even coherent.
No, Michelle Williams is not Marilyn Monroe. But what she does in this movie is fascinating and worthy of consideration.
Its taken-for-granted target audience should feel manipulated enough to rebel against such obvious Weinstein Co. Oscar bait.
My Week With Marilyn is a frustrating lark of a film anchored by an impressive performance from Michelle Williams.
The Prince and the Showgirl proved to be a sluggish flop, yet the film it has inspired fizzes and sparkles.
It's an enchanting tragi-comedy, a hugely enjoyable trifle, and may prove an eye-opener to generations too young to remember the allure of Marilyn Monroe.
Delightfully evocative of a bygone era of film-making.
I am confident My Week will turn Williams into an Oscar-winning star.
Michelle Williams is sensationally good as the wilful, brilliantly gifted, deeply disturbed Monroe...
This is one of the most enchanting movies about Monroe and the old days of Hollywood ever made.
The primary pleasure of this film is an overwhelming portrayal of Marilyn Monroe by Michelle Williams, certainly the highlight of her career, and possibly the best female performance of the year.
A dubious idea done in by Adrian Hodges's shallow script and Simon Curtis's clumsy direction.
This indifferently shot film winds up being another in a long line of creative works by men that exploit the legacy of Marilyn Monroe for their own satisfaction and little public good.
True or not, My Week With Marilyn is an unabashedly romantic charmer with a stunning portrayal of the late, great Marilyn Monroe.
Michelle Williams is wonderful as the troubled, insecure, scared starlet.
It's entertaining enough, but a missed opportunity as well.
Out of one side of the film's mouth, we hear, 'Isn't it a shame, what celebrity culture did to this girl?" and out of the other side, 'Good God, look at her! She's a goddess!'
The film's gorgeous set designs evoke a marvellous sense of style, time and place...
When Williams is in frame -- which, blessedly, is often -- it's positively smashing.
Williams, lambent as ever, ably conveys the tension between Monroe's eyelid-fluttering public persona and the damaged woman behind it.
[Williams] floats through the movie, perfectly capturing Monroe's way of rhythmically whispering through a song, looking softly frightened when uncertain, and not strolling so much as delicately oozing across the floor.
Williams's portrait of dippy pulchritude and to Branagh's spectacularly funny Olivier.
Williams is a more three-dimensional Monroe than the love goddess herself. The performance is both an eerie imitation and a touching revelation.
It provides Michelle Williams with a show stopping role as a cinematic icon that richly deserves Oscar recognition.
Curtis occasionally takes his characters out of Pinewood, but they're never really set free, either in physical or emotional terms.
We have here possibly the thespiest film of all time.
Hmmm. More Candle in The Wind-isms. Great.
The movie is so airy that even the slightest breeze would blow it away, but it is firmly anchored by incredible performances.
While My Week With Marilyn acknowledges the void between her public persona and private life, it does very little to fill it.
The narrative is bogged down in detail, meaning Colin's infatuation arrives and departs too quickly and without much insight into his mental state.
The magic on-set moments meant to make Marilyn's inconstancy worthwhile don't come off as such, which leaves us to wonder just why anyone would put up with her.
My Week With Marilyn is light fare: it doesn't pretend to offer any great insight, but it offers a great deal of pleasure and fun...
Williams' impersonation is up to scratch, and adoring her isn't too hard. She captures the lilting voice and eagerness to please, and her heart-shaped face makes for a likeness that's sometimes uncanny.
Michelle Williams plays Monroe, and she's a wonder.
...well paced, with award quality acting and directing by Williams, Brannagh, and Curtis highlighted by beautiful color photography by Ben Smithard, a sure winner.
'My Week With Marilyn' may well leave younger viewers with their own desire to run away and join the circus, or at the very least, an urge to dig into the filmography left behind by Monroe. I encourage both urges heartily.
A hacky, obvious biopic, directed with a crabbed lack of visual flair, and marching through its predetermined story with stentorian dullness.
It's too bad that Williams didn't have a script or director that would have given the film a better chance of attaining greatness.
This film has a different flavor from the usual biopic-and it's delicious, at least for any diehard movie buff...
Williams is better than the picture, but within the screenplay's constraints, she nails every possible nuance of physical and emotional expression. It's dazzling work, and reason alone to spend ninety-nine minutes "with Marilyn."
Whether or not this brief episode is emblematic of Monroe's life, it makes for a frustrating and inadequate movie.
[Williams] captures not only Monroe's fragility but also the guile and gumption beneath it. What she can't capture, of course, is Monroe's aura, and without it, the performance comes across as something more than mimicry but less than incandescence.
Stylish, quirky and natty ... Williams is sure to get her second Oscar nomination for her Marilyn portrayal.
Director Simon Curtis in his first theatrical feature film gives audiences a wonderfully entertaining insider point of view. You feel like you get to know Monroe in an intimate and personal way during the 101-minute running time. Besides the divine...
The only reason to see My Week with Marilyn -- and indeed, the only reason for the movie's existence -- is to observe Williams' convincing portrayal of one of Hollywood's biggest stars.
You can't help falling in love with 'Marilyn'
Michelle Williams is radiant as Marilyn Monroe.
Williams' delicate, underplayed performance demonstrates the actress' courage and confidence in her own talent to take herself - and her audience - inside Monroe's fragile psyche.
both the humor and heartbreak of this notoriously tortured superstar come across in a performance that won't be forgotten come time to announce this year's Best-ofs.
There are some movies that have little or nothing to recommend them, except as a frame for a performance. My Week with Marilyn is that kind of movie.
Appealing Monroe drama has strong language, some sexuality.
One week in the life of a lucky young man who is befriended by the sweet angel of sex and has the time of his life.
It's an easy emotional rollercoaster to put an audience through, and while Williams nails the breathy voice and flickers of doubt, her work here is never allowed to feel truly effortless.
Williams comes so close to resuscitating the visage of a 30-year-old Monroe that we have to keep reminding ourselves that we're witnessing cubic zirconia rather than diamonds.
After My Week, Monroe remains an enigma. And that isn't a failing of Williams' performance but an expression of its nuance.
When Williams turns on her inner Marilyn -- surrounded by, say, the staff of a stately home she's visiting on the sly -- she's a superstar, with a smile that could light up the surrounding county.
Michelle Williams shoulders the daunting task of portraying the screen legend, and though she requires a body double with the appropriate curves, she gives a sweet and nicely vulnerable performance.
Eschewing a rigid recollection of personality for melancholy fluff, Marilyn hits all the required beats of allure and misery, adding yet another compelling chapter to the ongoing deconstruction of a silver screen legend.
Engaging, enjoyable and surprisingly moving drama with a decent script and a pair of terrific, potentially Oscar-worthy performances from Michelle Williams and Kenneth Branagh.
Williams's Monroe is more vital than anything else. The actress captures Monroe's range of emotions and personae, her shifts from vulnerability to brashness.
Brilliantly playing doomed '50s sex bomb Marilyn Monroe, Michelle Williams gets under the skin of the troubled yet vulnerable icon in a way no one else ever has.
Look at how Williams goes from unconsciously being Marilyn to consciously "acting" her. Would that the entire movie were as eloquent.
No other actress has quite understood the frustrated, maternal side of Monroe that informed so many of her performances. Or quite recaptured that absolutely luminous quality she had on film.
Nobody mentions Norma Jean Baker, yet that's who Williams is actually playing, the small-town girl toting a lot of baggage to the big time... It's a duality we already know is sad; this movie makes sadness observable.
What matters is the performance by Michelle Williams. She evokes so many Marilyns, public and private, real and make-believe. We didn't know Monroe, but we believe she must have been something like this.
Everyone keeps talking about how Michelle Williams is magnificent as Marilyn Monroe. And, she is.
Michelle Williams delivers an Oscar-worthy turn as Marilyn Monroe, making the iconic actress her own rather than merely doing an impersonation.
Williams is truly radiant in the role, offering a Marilyn that is the epitome of both sensuality and vulnerability.
Michelle Williams steps so deeply into the famous shadow that she almost vanishes, though we are left to wonder what was there to begin with.
There are any number of more interesting movies that could have been made with this material.
By Hollywood standards, "My Week with Marilyn" was made on a shoe string budget but the filmmakers squeeze every buck dry and it looks like it cost much more - especially because of the stellar cast.
It's pedestrian in most ways, but Williams - with a little help from friends in the lighting, camera, hair and make-up departments - lends it a touch of magic amid the nonsense.
Is there anything Michelle Williams cannot do?
At moments hilarious and others touching, it's a sweet, slight affair, more pretty pageant than pithy biographical drama.
I'm delighted to recommend it, as long as you know what you're in for: "The King's Speech" has the subtlety of Chekhov in comparison.
It's worth seeing because Williams is worth seeing.
Whatever the flaws, the truth is nothing else much matters since Williams is Marilyn, and Marilyn had a way of outshining everything around her.
Shimmying stiffly in too-tight dresses, exaggerated belly padding protruding awkwardly off her modern waif frame, Williams's voice and movements reflect study but not feeling.
Michelle Williams, who doesn't particularly look like Monroe, is so successful channeling her in a luminous, brilliant performance that one forgets one's watching another actress.
a bold performance that revels in the complexity of Marilyn's personality, and while full of compassion, is not afraid to bring in the sharp edges of what made Marilyn impossibly neurotic ... emotionally needy and monstrously selfish.
Little more than a For Your Consideration ad stretched to feature length.
Just try to peel your eyes away from the blonde bombshell as she wistfully brings Marilyn's help-me vulnerability and sexy allure to life.
To have Marilyn Monroe kiss you and say that she loves you (whether or not she means it) -- imagine what that would mean in a man's life, not only in 1956, but decades after that, when he's middle-aged or old.
In "My Week With Marilyn," Michelle Williams disappears so effortlessly into Monroe's translucent skin that the camera lens seems to fog up with desire. She's that good.
For the 99 pleasantly strained minutes of "My Week With Marilyn,'' Williams convinces us of her Marilyn Monroe.
Williams may not be a dead ringer for Marilyn Monroe/Norma Jean Baker but she superbly embodies the legendary sex symbol in My Week with Marilyn.
Maybe it's fitting that Williams' performance transcends the predictable film My Week With Marilyn becomes: Hers is a Marilyn seen by all, but always fading away.
She is, as portrayed by Michelle Williams, a strange and beautiful alien: Unpredictable, odd, magnetic.
Ms. Williams tries her best, and sometimes that's almost enough.
Something moved me deeply watching Ms. Williams as the tragic Marilyn, illuminating the girlish joy, erotic glamour and self-destructive suffering of a public icon who was privately a bottomless pit of need.
If "My Week with Marilyn" ultimately seems like a slight film, a barely disguised awards vehicle for Williams, that's probably because it is. But her performance is so engaging and complete, it's worth all the other shortcomings.
Especially for film buffs, it's an entertaining filling-out of an intriguing footnote of cinema history.
Williams is a wonder, Redmayne terrific but this sharp film is less about Monroe than about a cultural moment: fame, movie pr, Olivier's old-school acting vs. Method.
Bursting with spunk and lively performances ... wonderfully crowd-pleasing Oscar bait.
It's an expertly made, intentionally minor movie, though when Monroe, doping herself with everything available, lies in bed, confused and hapless, there are depressing intimations of the end to come.
Williams, it seems, can do almost anything. She is a protean actor of amazing range..a shimmering presence who is both tougher and more vulnerable than you would expect.
First-time feature film director Simon Curtis has made a minor picture about a minor picture, major talents notwithstanding.
Williams locates a central truth, the contradictory allure of this utterly impossible woman - mercurial, vain, foolish, but also intelligent in some very primal way and achingly vulnerable.
The physical resemblance might be dubious, but Michelle Williams portrays Monroe like Monroe might have portrayed herself, especially as coached by her on-set Method Svengali, Paula Strasberg.
It took a toll on Marilyn Monroe to look effortlessly buoyant on camera. Michelle Williams lets us see why. It's a great, soulful performance. Sit back and behold.
Williams brings Marilyn to life in all her permutations: little-girl-lost Norma Jean; sexy, kittenish Marilyn Monroe; and the confused woman trapped in between.
Based on Colin Clark's memoirs, this film sometimes feels a bit too warm and nostalgic for its own good. But the performances are strong, and it's packed with terrific moments.
Williams' captivating performance generates the unearthly glow of something too beautiful and too fragile to grasp. It also may have knocked a few points off my Kinsey rating.
In a split second gone is Norma Jean Mortensen, replaced by MARILYN MONROE. It's a rare ability to completely switch gears that quickly and successfully but Williams pulls it off.
Williams doesn't mime Monroe, she embodies Monroe: all of her frailties, her naiveties, her veiled strengths, and her flirtations. She is never less than breathlessly breathtaking.
Williams has done her homework ... Her mannerisms are effortless (unlike the script), so after the first couple of minutes, comparisons are moot.
Williams makes Monroe simultaneously seem larger than life and heartbreakingly human.
Starts out as light and innocuous fare, but then transforms into something quite special.
'My Week with Marilyn' is serious but at the same time a funny comedy of stars' manners.
Williams looks pretty convincing from the neck up too, as long as she's wearing dark glasses, but when she takes them off there's just no forgetting that she isn't Monroe.
Unlike Me and Orson Welles from a few years ago, this is more than just an interesting footnote in history wrapped around a performance. And the star of it all is Williams, who from second one on screen IS Marilyn Monroe in a performance for the ages.
Incompetently assembled by veteran TV director Simon Curtis in his theatrical debut, Marilyn's so flimsy and low-stakes not even Williams' typically rigorous dedication and performance can lift it.
My Week with Marilyn is little more than Styrofoam packaging for a Michelle Williams Oscar campaign, all shrink-wrapped and ready to go.
My Week With Marilyn may be flawed but it is so in enjoyable ways. Even if it's disappointingly thin, Williams and Branagh keep it always interesting and never boring.
The truth, of course, is that Marilyn Monroe is what you make of her. Still, Michelle Williams offers a powerful way in.
Michelle Williams wisely avoids caricature but Monroe's magic can't be replicated. The movie-making scenes are charming but this "true" story is suspect and clumsy off the set.
To the extent that Michelle Williams' multilayered interpretation of Marilyn Monroe serves as its raison d'etre, My Week With Marilyn succeeds stunningly. Otherwise, the film flits uneasily between arch drawing-room comedy and foreshadowed tragedy.
Michelle doing Marilyn is something to see, but nothing else here matches her for charm or inspiration.
[VIDEO] Williams's magical transformation into Marilyn Monroe is uncanny; you never question it for a moment.
This slight, cliche-ridden tale of the tumultuous relationship between Marilyn and Olivier is redeemed by the wonderful Michelle Willliams, who captures vividly the multi-faceted persona of the sex icon and insecure actress.


@highlight

Michelle Williams shines in My Week with Marilyn , capturing the magnetism and vulnerability of Marilyn Monroe.