If the last Muppet movie was Gremlins, this Muppet movie would definitely be Gremlins 2, The New Batch.
Although Disney's Muppets Most Wanted begins on a slightly pessimistic note, this showbiz-y follow-up to their 2011 comeback is well paced and well done.
It's hard to say whether Most Wanted will come anywhere near the top of fans' lists of all-time Muppet adventures, but thanks to that wink-wink opening number, does it really have to?
The song sequences are both fun and wacky -- two words that sum up this film.
Cheesy but heart-warming.
Kermit [the Frog] embodies the strange magic of puppetry. He's human and animal; real and make-believe; an avatar for the joyous, unfettered imagination that [Jim] Henson brought into the world.
As far as family entertainment goes, it's still hard to beat with its cheesy gags, preponderance of puns, and parade of stars delivering a comedy caper irresistible to both parents and kids.
Overall, I'm glad the Muppets are back in fighting form.
Is this the best Muppet movie that ever has been or ever will be? No. Is it the worst? Not when Muppets from Space exists. But comfortably in the middle of Muppet canon is a pretty OK, Netflixable place to be.
If it doesn't quite manage to equal the total satisfaction of its predecessor, it's hard to get too persnickety about a picture as joyful and sweet as this one.
Knowingly pokes fun at its duties as a sequel - and the disappointment that usually comes with follow-ups - and the results are more than satisfactory.
All the road trip conventions are here, but the fun is in the puppetry, the puns, the sight gags, the interaction between Muppets and humans, and the exceptional music.
Muppets Most Wanted embraces its absurdity and fearlessly allows its contrivances to shine-always playing for laughs above plausibility and never taking itself seriously.
( ... ) having two Kermits means there's not enough of the no-nonsense Miss Piggy.
Truth be told, the film's a bit dodgy, too. The gags and songs are not as funny as last time around and the plot drags from time to time, but Tina Fey is great fun as a Broadway-loving gulag guard and the Muppets are as adorable as ever.
While there are many things to like about "Muppets Most Wanted," including its goofy musical numbers and random cameos, it is ultimately let down by a bland plot that is not nearly as engaging this time around.
The Muppets wanted you to laugh and cry. Muppets Most Wanted wants to you cry with laughter.
While The Muppets felt like an event, Muppets Most Wanted feels like exactly what it is: a follow-up. Maybe that's not the worst thing...
"The Muppets" are moving in a positive direction as they start returning to the style and entertainment value embodied in the original movies and TV series.
How can you not love any sequel which, right from the beginning, warns viewers that it won't be quite as good as the original?
It's difficult to regard Muppets Most Wanted as anything other than a significant disappointment...
The plot is ponderous and overloaded, with a running time pushing a not-very-kid-friendly two hours.
Brett McKenzie's songs are the true star and saviour in Muppets Most Wanted. Yet should another Muppets movie be in the works, needed are the right actors to bring something more than a name above the marquee.
This terrific sequel doesn't need to waste any time getting the gang back together and so dives head-long into the type of loopy, cameo-encrusted adventure that made the first run of Muppet films way back in the 1980s so much fun.
Lacking a lot of the eternal fun that made the Muppets stars four decades ago, "Muppets Most Wanted" is a by the book sequel which occasionally rises to funny thanks to its humorous human co-stars.
The magic is largely missing this time. It starts promisingly enough with a rather good song about the pitfalls involved in doing a sequel but, after that, invention seems to flag and many opportunities are missed.
Sight gags, slapstick and puns abound as you'd expect, with James Bobin again keeping the Muppets moving at a brisk pace, at least most of the time.
Henson would, once again, be proud, of this very funny, very silly, extremely well-made, colourful, joyous movie ... It's all great fun, and it's all very, very Muppet.
The fact is that Henson never lost his appreciation for non-conformity, whereas Bobin and Stoller are company men at heart. Yet the Muppets have a life of their own, and it's good to see them live on.
A lot of effort has gone into giving it the look and feel of a '60s heist movie. Sadly it had a disappointing opening at the US box office. It deserves better.
Overall, it's a thoroughly decent outing with the beloved cloth creatures.
Muppets Most Wanted is essentially the 'B-Side' to The Muppets. It almost ensures that the Muppets are left to gather dust on a shelf awaiting the desperation of a true fan filmmaker to resurrect them once again.
It's no Godfather Part II, but as far as sequels go, it's not bad either.
Following on from The Muppets movie two years ago, their eighth feature film sees our heroes enjoying a grand world tour.
Muppets Most Wanted isn't the pinnacle for these beloved characters... but it should keep children entertained.
Tina Fey as a Siberian Gulag prison guard is one of the highlights of this happy Muppet sequel in which Kermit is replaced by a look-alike criminal frog and Ricky Gervais plays a crooked entrepreneur
Not as fresh or consistently witty as 2011's revival, but contains plenty of inspired, hilarious musical numbers.
A superior sequel. (The film) takes a welcome, lighter approach than its immediate predecessor and wisely puts the Muppets front and center again.
Muppets Most Wanted is handily the funniest film ever set at a Russian gulag.
A rollicking roundup of trademark put-on-a-show shtick, gonzo sketch comedy, toe-tapping musical numbers and a zany bombardment of guests.
Descends into an adventure-movie rhythm that's never draggy or dull, but is also frequently no more than wistfully amusing.
While this may lack the emotional clout of The Muppets star/co-writer Jason Segel's original reboot (leading man Ricky Gervais doesn't really do feelings), it doesn't skimp on good old-fashioned variety entertainment.
It lacks the original's fuzzy heart and the story drags in the middle but the quick-fire scene changes mean you're never too far from the next 'waka, waka, waka'.
There is plenty of brash, Mel Brooks-style humour here but the plotting becomes increasingly soporific and repetitive.
It is a winning and worthy sequel that relies more on jokes than songs, and features some lovely non-muppet guest performances.
When a film delivers so much unalloyed pleasure, we can live without structure.
A pleasure from start to finish.
Where the 2011 reboot felt effortless in the way it recaptured that warmly anarchic Muppets humour, this sequel feels like it's working every step of the way.
Sad to report that James Bobin's follow-up to his bizarre and adorable 2011 franchise reboot, The Muppets, mostly errs on the side of caution.
A disappointing sequel that can't replicate the most sensational, inspirational, celebrational, Muppetational qualities of the film that brought Jim Henson's creations back into the limelight.
It's as energetically daft as you would expect ...
James Bobin's direction and writing are assured, and there are some funny moments ...
This may be the best Muppet film since - well - the last one. That's praise enough.
It's a Gonzo comedy in every sense.
A jovial follow-up to 2011's engagingly batty The Muppets, with some great musical numbers, fun locations as the Muppets tour Europe and a ridiculous number of star cameos ...
Kermit and co return for a delectable, gag-laden Euro pudding that might just be a Muppet masterpiece.
Most Wanted abandons the 2011 film's knack for sidelining its title characters, ensuring its star supporting players like Ricky Gervais and Tina Fey remain just that.
Far more irreverent and mischievous than its predecessor.
Too much of the joy imparted by Muppets Most Wanted has too little to do with the Muppets themselves.
When the Muppets do their thing and do it well, like they do in 'Muppets Most Wanted,' it's like mixing chocolate with peanut butter. I don't have to tell you how good it is because you already know.
Nearly as good as the last film - the starrier cameos compensating somewhat for the more scattershot plot - this is fun but could have been more deeply felt.
[It] isn't as giddily entertaining as its predecessor but much of the charm remains, making this an ideal destination for a family excursion.
To its credit, Muppets Most Wanted corrects the two major flaws found in its otherwise superior predecessor.
Director James Bobin and co-writer Nicholas Stoller seem to have forgotten what makes their heroes really sing.
This latest Muppet movie comes across as one of the best. Happily, that special Muppet magic is still going strong!
It's not as fresh as its predecessor but it doesn't need to be. This is still a clever and entertaining film.
The movie is so funny and so in the moment that it may seem like a throwaway, but there's something magical about the Muppets that makes even the 35 year-old original movie still seem fresh.
While it's different from the Muppet movies I saw as a child, this film has the same charm and irreverence I've come to expect from these fuzzy little guys.
This is not a misfire. Not even close. It's just not going to provide the thrill of long-awaited reunion that arrived with 2011's Jason Segel-powered The Muppets.
Is "Muppets Most Wanted" a likable picture? Of course; we're talking about Kermit the Frog, Fozzie Bear and Miss Piggy after all.
Kids will enjoy it, and there are more than enough clever gags to keep parents amused. But the film lacks the tenderness and rich nostalgia that made The Muppets such an improbable delight.
The opening minutes make for a clever satire of Hollywood's fickle nature and its knee-jerk desire to capitalize on what's hot. Yet just because it's transparent about those intentions doesn't justify them.
It plays more like an everyday spoof than a film in love with these characters and what they represent.
As always, so much of the humor goes over the kiddies' heads, which makes it all the more entertaining for the adults in the theater.
Despite its sometimes slow pace, it would be un-American to give a Muppets endeavor anything smacking of a negative review, so I won't.
The songs are infectious, but the rest (despite turns by Tina Fey and Ty Burrell) lacks some of the gang's usual feel-good joy.
While I have not seen all of the Muppet movies, I have seen most of them, and this one is probably my favorite...[but] the duet between Miss Piggy (voice by Jacobson) and her Piggy Fairy Grandmother (Celine Dion) is rather creepy.
The new Muppet movie is as sweet as a bowl of tapioca. And about as interesting.
Opens with a self-referential song that comments on the fact that sequels are never quite as good as the film that inspired them and then goes on to prove the point.
Kids and Muppet fans will find plenty to enjoy but nearly every element of the film fails to capture the heart and larger social relevance featured in 2011's The Muppets.
With frequent belly laughs and a globe-trotting energy, the film embraces the madcap antics of the Muppets, sustaining love and respect for the characters while abusing them in highly entertaining ways.
Still charming as heck, entertaining adults with erudite jokes ... without pandering to kids by explaining everything.
The franchise is in good hands - even if some of those hands are made of felt and have only three fingers.
Slapstick is king in Muppets Most Wanted, and each gag is a welcome reminder that this franchise is at its best when the men are foils for the Muppets, rather than the other way around.
If [James] Bobin and company had reigned things in and kept a tighter focus on one, not three, plots...but they did not.
The film ends up being just as much of an ode to the Muppets' brand of unbridled delight without having to wax sentimental; in the end, Bobin and Stoller cleverly get to have their cake and eat it, too. And so do we.
Familiar fun with familiar faces.
Director James Bobin's 2011's The Muppets was a successful franchise reboot to make Jim Henson's creations relevant again. Muppets Most Wanted should keep them there.
Amusing Muppets sequel ups the gags, Hollywood cameos.
The movie overflows with funny moments, and Constantine is a terrific character.
The Muppets are on the lam in "Muppets Most Wanted," but sorry, these aren't the Muppets you're looking for.
Those merry Muppets are back and on a world tour, no less, in "Muppets Most Wanted." And, while not as good as the 2011 reboot, this follow-up has enough laughs and zippy musical numbers to keep Muppet fans more than happy.
This is really aimed at an adult audience that grew up on the Muppets. By the 45-minute mark of the 112-minute movie, their kids or grandkids will be squirming in their seats.
The only thing better than one Kermit is two. And the only thing better than two Kermits is one with a Russian accent.
The way that "Muppets Most Wanted" grabs for the green is criminal.
The gang's still got it.
A wasted opportunity.
There are fun moments (Bret MacKenzie's musical numbers stand out), but there are too many lulls in the nearly 2-hour running time, and too many opportunities for ordinariness to creep in.
"Muppets Most Wanted" has gone from being sincere to being corporate, and it commits the greatest cinematic sin: treating children and adults like children.
Sunny and cheerful, Muppets Most Wanted is a cascade of epic silliness, good for a few fleeting and familiar chuckles.
A middling letdown.
If it was based on a famous young adult book series, and Kermit looked studly with his shirt off, The Muppets Most Wanted would be a 21st century masterpiece!
Most of the creative team from The Muppets ... has returned, so it's a bit strange to see how Muppets Most Wanted strays from what worked so well previously.
The state of the Muppet union remains strong...self-reference sits comfortably along hip pop-cultural references for the 'rents: stylish parodies and retro musical numbers along with vintage Muppet gags...
There's plenty to love about this film, and it's told with respect for the traditions while forging ahead.
For those Muppet fans fearing the last film was a fluke, no need to worry at all as even Statler and Waldorf wouldn't be able to find much to complain about with this immensely satisfying installment.
Much of what's present comes off as nothing better than mediocre, something that really shouldn't be associated with this franchise. (Full Content Review for Parents Also Available)
A giddy mixture of sharp wit, delirious silliness, pop culture references, random guest stars, and a self-deprecating but irrepressibly sunny sensibility.
The new Muppet movie isn't really that bad. But it is a letdown after the sweet, heartfelt return of the franchise that was 2011's The Muppets.
It's nice to have the Muppets back, but the euphoria of their return gets wiped away by this disappointing sequel. The movie proves its not easy earning green again.
You don't go to a Muppet movie looking for anything other than a few laughs with beloved puppet pals. Mission accomplished - ka-ching! - on that front.
Muppets Most Wanted is not the worst Muppets movie. Muppets Most Wanted isn't even a bad Muppets movie. But it is a step in the wrong direction.
You will most certainly laugh, and the film is fun and high-energy, but this is lesser Muppets.
While it may not be sensational, it's still an inspirational, celebrational, Muppetational Muppet show.
This may be the Muppets' best onscreen appearance since Kermit strummed his banjo back in 1979.
A breezy, mirthful caper enlivened by the comic talents of Ricky Gervais, Ty Burrell and Tina Fey.
It all adds up to an eventful entry in the Muppet film library but not a classic one.
The pacing is spot-on, and Fey's Russian guard and Ty Burrell's Interpol agent are wonderful human additions to this comedic romp.
Doesn't quite live up to its predecessor, but, all the same, is still an immensely funny, witty caper.
Is this movie trying to make me angry?
The well-worn plot basics are dressed up nicely by the film's consistently clever humor, as well as a celebrity cameo roster that's stacked even by Muppet standards.
Hats off to the sequel that begins with poking fun at its inherent shortcomings - in a musical number, no less - then proceeds to surpass its predecessor in nearly every way.
There's little about this latest installment that's inferior to its predecessors. Indeed, Muppets Most Wanted comes close to being the best one yet.
A genial but barely average installment in the long line of Muppet movies.
Well played, Muppets 2.0. Well played.
smart and inventive without relying too heavily on non-practical effects
In what world do we live in where Walter the rookie gets more screen time than Gonzo? He's Gonzo!! But this is still a fun adventure that the entire family can enjoy,
Ty Burrell turns out to be the secret ingredient that makes this movie as much fun as it is, even if it borders on Peter Sellers redux, because he isn't just looking for laughs.
So much of Muppets Most Wanted has been repurposed from earlier Muppet adventures that it undermines what few new, fun songs and comic situations actually make it to the silver screen.
The verbal wit is fairly weak this time around, though as in the previous film there's an endless succession of three-second star cameos.
While this sequel doesn't entirely know how to tell a story with [the muppets]-as that opening number warns from the start-they remain pleasant company, even starring in a movie that's this content to warm up what's worked before.
Admittedly, "Muppets Most Wanted" doesn't deliver the emotional impact or nostalgic tug of the beloved 2011 reboot. The delights reside in the dippy details, from the absurdist flourishes to the self-referential asides.
Basically, Muppets Most Wanted hits all the buttons for old Muppet fans.
The film's slightly overplotted feel is offset by the zippiest musical numbers since the Muppets' deservedly beloved 1979 film.
It just feels like something the original Muppet creators might have done.
The beloved Muppets are treated as dismissible straight men, women and critters, for the venal real-world populace.
The good Muppet caper.
It's not the funniest movie this year or even the funniest movie the Muppets have made, but it is a return to form for Jim Henson's beloved creatures. It's good to have them back.
...as if they took the adage that the 'sequel is never quite as good' as permission, rather than a challenge.
A funny and very entertaining effort, which is sufficiently respectful and reverential of Muppet history without getting engulfed by it.
The breaking point of stretching this one joke is reached early. Luckily, Muppet good will helps get you through the rest.
It is a near impossibility to stop from smiling during "Muppets Most Wanted," the charming feel-goodness of its spirit spreading to viewers like a particularly enchanting airborne virus.
We're now two movies into the second generation of Muppet films and it's feeling a lot like the first. A marvelous introduction, then a formulaic series of adventures, each a little less wondrous than before.
Doesn't quite capture the surprise magic of the last effort, but it's still a lot of fun.
Even as Muppets Most Wanted acknowledges its status as a perfunctory sequel, the loving attention to detail, subversive humor, and pure fun haven't been diminished.
Swift-paced, smartly spoofy, family-friendly comedy, filled with mistaken identity fun.
A witty, engaging sequel...just as fast, funny and entertaining as its predecessor.
(It's) straight comedy, a joke factory instead of a well-rounded feature like its predecessor.
The Muppets are creatures of indulgence, and their sense of humor is one of excess. Muppets Most Wanted is a mess of a movie, but anything tidier would be a poor fit.
Most of the laughs come courtesy of Tina Fey, in the role of a Siberian prison guard who can't/won't stop dancing.
Every bit the dutiful franchise-extender that 2011 comeback vehicle The Muppets was not.
There's something sour and strained about this movie that's at odds with the usual Muppet ethos of game, let's-put-on-a-show cheer.
The onslaught is deliciously relentless, like being beaten over the head with a marshmallow pillow, and taking a bite with each blow.
Vaudevillian pandemonium is alive and well.
This sequel has all kinds of jokes: silly ones, dopey ones, groan-inducing ones. And I laughed at just about all of them.
It's 'Help!' to the first one's 'A Hard Day's Night' - a freewheeling block of inventive nonsense that will go underrated and undervalued.
The movie seems longer than it is, plus it's just plain too long. Ah, but those jokes are frequently brilliant.
Much like sequels do, Muppets Most Wanted feels like a downgraded watch compared to Bobin's original, but enough puppet-fueled comedy guides us safely from start to finish.
Kermit the Frog takes on his biggest challenge yet: dual roles. And truly puts the villain in vaudevillian.
All you have to do is buy the soundtrack and skip the movie and you can create your own great version of Muppets Most Wanted in your living room, just like gulag prisoners putting on a show.
Although this movie has lots of laughs and a willingness to poke fun at itself, it doesn't quite recapture the magic of the last movie. Close, but not quite.
Bigger laughs, better tunes. But are kids going to get Ingmar Bergman and Celine Dion jokes?
"Muppets Most Wanted" fails to whip up the kind of furry frenzy that makes the Muppets special.
If you don't love the chipper Kermit, the self-involved Miss Piggy, the sweetly foggy Fozzie - not to mention the hard-to-explain Beaker, Animal and the Great Gonzo - well, please, sit over there. I don't think I quite trust you.
The songs are catchy, the cameos are okay, and some of the jokes work fine. Set your expectations super-low, and you'll probably be fine.
Gleefully entertaining from start to finish, the kind of film that'll quickly put a grin on your face that won't subside until long after the credits roll.
"Most Wanted" continues the new-school adventures of the Muppets with good humor, good intentions and strong filmmaking, and hopefully won't be the last time we see this iteration of these characters on the big-screen.
The story matters only in that it creates opportunities for heaps of ridiculousness, and writer-director James Bobin (who also directed The Muppets), along with co-writer Nicholas Stoller, mines them skillfully and breezily.
A perfectly acceptable family matinee.
"Everybody knows that the sequel's never quite as good," sing our fluffy friends during the opening number of a film with much to live up to after 2011's terrific reboot, The Muppets. The joke proves self-fulfilling ...
Freed from the burden of starting anew, the film restores the Muppets' rightful place as stars of their own show.
"For a movie that insists that sequels are never better than their predecessors, 'Most Wanted' suggests it's possible for them to be equal - well, almost."
If you're a fan of the first movie, which, let's face it, you most definitely are, then this will be everything you had hoped for and more.
A caper movie crossed with a prison picture, this second Muppets outing from new owner Disney is self-referential fun in the troupe's traditional hip/smart/campy/corny-copia.
It's all good fun with surprisingly bright songs for the Muppets and their human co-stars.
Smartly spoofy rather than sweetly nostalgic, this distractingly star-studded jaunt is fast and funny, but short on emotional punch. But a good time awaits for kids and long-time Muppet-lovers.
An oddly off-key follow-up to the generally amusing 2011 feature that marked Disney's relaunch of the late Jim Henson's 1970s-'80s childhood favorites.
I laughed at the jokes, but I shrugged when it was over.
Muppets Most Wanted is a solid effort but lacks the magical quality of its nostalgia-driven predecessor.
The script, by Nicholas Stoller and director James Bobin (both veterans of the previous movie), is classic Muppets in that it knows when to barrage the audience with gags and when to provide enough plot to keep things moving right along.
The music is played and the lights are lit, but it feels like nobody's home.
The creative spark and sense of purpose are gone in this hokey transcontinental caper.
The story this time feels small and miscalculated ... and minus the mooring presence of Jason Segel and Amy Adams, there isn't an engaging enough connection between the Muppets and the human actors.
A fun, joyful film that once more reminds us why the Muppets are so wonderful.

@highlight

While it may not reach the delirious heights of The Muppets , Muppets Most Wanted still packs in enough clever gags, catchy songs, and celebrity cameos to satisfy fans of all ages.