... extremely powerful. [Full review in Spanish]
Chilling yet brilliant.
Wild, gritty, and sharp, Animal Kingdom has a ticking bomb for a heartbeat that pulsates through every scene.
But honestly, the film is lame.
Artful to a fault, straining so hard for Shakespearean import it saps whatever life and energy there was to be had in this familiar, low-stakes tale.
David Michôd's sensational directorial debut Animal Kingdom (2010) reinvigorated my faith that Australian cinema is capable of truly profound complexity.
...the sort of movie that one admires more than one enjoys...
Seldom is a debut feature handled with such assurance and intelligence
Seldom is a debut feature handled with such assurance and intelligence
Ben Mendelsohn steals the show. This man portrayed the most subtle creep I've seen on film in years. Animal Kingdom is a must see.
Gets under your skin and in your head.
Animal Kingdom is frequently shocking - not just because it makes Air Supply's 'I'm All Out Of Love' sound cool.
Just as the protagonist announces from the outset that crime doesn't pay, in Animal Kingdom grime doesn't play.
A diverting conceptual fictional crime family pic.
An intimate portrait of a criminal family that resembles the Mafia in virtually no way.
Animal Kingdom has been dubbed an 'Australian GoodFellas'. Director David Michôd isn't as flashy as Scorsese, but his portrayal of the violent downfall of a dysfunctional family of criminals shows that he's a master at building slow-burning tension.
Michôd takes familiar material and approaches it with less emphasis on the sensational and more on the surreal atmosphere of accepted dread.
Writer/director David Michôd pumps the plot full of tension through layers of increasingly dangerous and volatile characters until it's almost unbearable.
An ambitious and effective thriller.
Animal Kingdom is skilfully lit and edited and the performances are remarkable.
A brooding Australian thriller that marks director David Michôd as a talent to watch.
It includes enough localised details about the changing nature of crime and the debilitating bonds of family to give it a distinctive voice all its own, ensuring it never feels like a Hollywood rip-off.
Writer/director David Michod handles his material with great confidence, allowing some powerful acting.
Animal Kingdom shocks, surprises and amazes but never seems false or unreal. A great film.
A ferocious, uncompromising drama that feels like a shot of gin before breakfast.
Utterly thrilling, Animal Kingdom exudes stunning depth and complexity.
This is maybe the nearest we're going to get to an Australian GoodFellas.
Excellent Aussie crime drama thoroughly deserving of its across-the-board rave reviews. We repeat: go and see it.
Pungent scene by scene and bracing in its cumulative impact, Michôd's movie suggests what Aeschylus might have had in mind, if the House of Orestes had been fond of seafood barbeques.
Impressively directed and superbly written, this is a powerfully suspenseful, genuinely chilling crime drama with terrific performances from Ben Mendelsohn and Jacki Weaver.
A tremendously exciting and challenging thriller that builds unnervingly to a stunning conclusion.
A small part of us finds this family endearing - revolting but endearing.
[S]ears all hint of the sentimental out of a harrowing tale of one Melbourne family's felonious downfall, and -- daringly -- strips all sense of cinematic romance out of a genre that often idealizes the corrupt and the brutal.
It's not unique, but as a distillation of a well-worn genre, it's admirable.
There's a constant air of tension, almost unbearable at times, but no telegraphing of what is to come, which makes it all the more startling.
None of your Lock, Stock larks or one-last-job capers here, just a compelling story of low life in the suburbs.
A dark rites-of-passage story meets lethal Shakespearean drama, with low-key performances that artfully get under the skin.
Everyone flapping their traps about the "Oscar-calibre performances" in The Fighter - simmer down for a minute, will ya? Cos THIS is how you do a dirtball family.
The film rarely depicts violent events, and what set-pieces there are are subtle and short, though well-staged.
It plays by the noir book, but Michôd's wallop from the wild side wields a tight grip of sure styling, taut plotting and poised performances.
It's just very good and doesn't really need a lot saying about it.
"ANIMAL KINGDOM" IS FAR FROM PERFECT, BUT THE FAMILY DRAMA WILL KEEP YOUR INTEREST AS IT PLAYS OUT TO ITS BLOODY CONCLUSION. PAUL CHAMBERS, CNN.
The most amazingly self-assured debut in quite a long time... a more breathlessly exciting crime story has been hard to come by recently.
This is what the new wave of crime films should look like.
Animal Kingdom is all very grim and unrelenting; Michôd generates some nail-biting suspense, though it's not the sort of experience that many people are likely to enjoy.
This scary and grim but also engrossing and well-acted Aussie crime drama features an Oscar-caliber turn from Weaver as the Grandma from hell.
Relies less on graphic violence, more on the menacing mood of its stark fatalism. Just enough humanity to keep the audience engaged and on edge.
Densely-layered Australian coming-of-age thriller about the newest addition to a malevolent Melbourne crime clan.
The movie equivalent of a vice.
For anyone who still thinks Australia only produces boring films about the outback, Animal Kingdom should come as a welcome gunshot to the head.
...startlingly strong and assured, with a kind of Shakespearean power.
The authentic low-key vibe, marvellous characters, and killer cast make this the best Aussie film of the year.
Michôd creates a story studded with landmines, with dark surprises exploding in surprising ways.
When it?s at its best, Animal Kingdom is a sharp -- and sometimes quite brutal -- thriller.
As a sort of Melbourne Ma Barker, Jacki Weaver deserves a Best Supporting Actress Oscar nomination...
There are so many good elements about David Michod's feature film debut that when it fails to make a substantial impact, the remorse overwhelms you.
The domino effect of the story and the slow pins and needles build-up never result in a satisfactory payoff. The movie's strength is the mood and atmosphere that conveys the trepidation felt by the Cody family.
Animal Kingdom knows that boys will be boys and boys with guns will be especially dangerous, but its pleasures rest in tripping up our preconceived notions of its characters.
Never unravels, holding us in a vice grip until we're practically begging to be set free.
A wrenching, deeply disturbing drama about a kid who finds that his relatives are conscienceless crooks.
A cracking story with fascinating characters; an engrossing tale of a family's fall.
It feels both genuinely lived-in and slightly surreal, aided in no small part by Antony Partos' terrifically foreboding score and an entirely credible cast.
In Animal Kingdom, [director] David Michod has brought chilling fatalism to the human condition. Michod stalks his prey, which turns out to be the audience.
A surprisingly average crime drama that, despite some good ideas branching from its metaphorical title, is rarely as daring or engaging as it wants you to believe.
Its deliberate pacing is more potential energy than kinetic and reminds us of a Polanski slow burn.
Animal Kingdom doesn't have the catchphrases of The Sopranos or the nostalgic charm of Goodfellas. It's real, it's gritty and it's unforgettable. Still, I wouldn't have minded a severed kangaroo head turning up in the sheets.
The film establishes a menacing, unsparing mood that never wavers.
Script seeks a more menacing, mournful path, examining the chaos and extraordinary paranoia of a wicked brood, starkly assessing the corrosive effects of lawbreaking with a convincingly cinematic stance.
Some species eat their young. In the Australian crime drama Animal Kingdom, the young bite back.
Writer/director David Michôd constructs a slippery narrative that consistently fools the audience about where the movie is heading. The result is part Donnie Brasco, part Godfather and more than a little bit Ma Barker.
The naturalistic style Michod employs adds to the sense of dread. Is there no way out of this existence? To whom would it appeal?
Dark and mesmerizing.
As gritty as they come, another Aussie crime action thriller with great performances and good social commentary as well.
The polar opposite of gangster films that glamorize the lifestyle, Animal Kingdom presents its main characters as boring and dysfunctional.
The question for us is how, after almost a century of movies about criminals, it's still possible to find an approach that feels fresh and exciting.
Crime family dysfunction, Down Under-style, is survival of the fittest - and watch out for granny!
A corrupted coming-of-age tale, the characters populating this gangland opera are striking -- e.g., the grandmother, a cinematic blend of Ma Barker and Livia Soprano, with a bit of Barbara Bush on the side.
It's a remarkable film: gritty, gut-churning, thrillingly acted.
Writer-director David Michod creates a densely textured moral universe that makes good on his metaphoric title.
Michôd shapes this film into a memorable character study about uncaged beasts.
Animal Kingdom is a lean, patient crime thriller about one kid's transition from prey to predator.
The story meticulously unfurls like an apple carefully peeled in one long ribbon to reveal its rotten core.
Frightening stuff, and made all the more so because of how matter-of-factly by writer-director David Michôd plays it.
While the events Animal Kingdom unfolds are, in the grand scheme of criminal lore, comparatively inconsequential, while you're watching it, they feel as primal and as visceral as any of cinema's greatest crime epics.
It's as if Michod has structured his movie like a relay, one character passing the baton to another, and the result is a movie with the mounting suspense and excitement of a really terrific race.
Michôd, in his feature debut, wonderfully creates a tribe where hope is lost and life is about getting what you can get, never mind who's lost along the way.
This strong, assured Australian crime tragedy takes the time to dig into characters who would race past us like blurs in a stock thriller, endowing them with a rare depth and emotional truth.
Animal Kingdom explores the down and dirty side of human nature, fraught with greed, suspicion, and betrayal.
Michôd maintains an accomplished control over the story's steady boil.
An involving, rangy and sneakily ambitious crime drama that pulses with a low hum of menace.
The cast turns utter naturalism into a raging zoo of survivalism, with brilliant little scenes scattered like spilled cereal throughout the screenplay.
Michod creates an atmosphere of lethal portent with every means at his disposal, most of all with the magnetism of his cast and the malignant threat of his chief antagonist.
Writer-director Michôd demonstrates an eerie virtuosity for someone just getting into feature films after apprenticing in award-winning shorts.
Say g'day to "Grandma Smurf," pint-sized Lucrezia Borgia of taut Australian crime drama "Animal Kingdom."
Almost every scene in Animal Kingdom includes some shot, some edit or avoidance of edit, some lighting effect, some performance gesture, or some sound element that breaks the scene out of the simplest grooves it might have obeyed.
It is neither an upbeat film nor a conventional one, but it's tightly wound and expertly paced -- as engaging as any Hollywood thriller.
Weaver creates a truly memorable villainess, an almost perfect sociopath, hidden from view by a wonderful smile but with almost no human compassion or feeling.
You probably won't see a better directorial debut this year than David Michôd's Animal Kingdom, [a] coiled rattlesnake of a family-crime drama...
A tale of a crime family much smaller and far less prosperous than...the Corleones [but] as fascinating in its own way as Francis Ford Coppola's epic trilogy.
Little that happens is as disturbing as grandma (Jacki Weaver) kissing everyone on the mouth, but the movie's patience finds an unsettling contrast with its people.
Kind of a low-rent GoodFellas with no voiceover narrator.
Elegiac, powerful, sweeping and personal, Animal Kingdom is one of the best films this year.
The cliche genre antithesis, a film lacking action that builds its tension through smart writing, excellent performances and calculated pacing.
It's a distinctive, ominous and hypnotic work of cinema.
Step up for a pulverizing Aussie crime drama that cuts to the dark heart of the killing machine known as family.
Understated storytelling and a general low-affect emotional atmosphere are the biggest contributors to a general sense of dread throughout.
A naturalistic approach to an underworld story from Down Under is a welcome relief from exaggerated Hollywood fare.
A criminal procedural tilting to Greek tragedy.
The film's depiction of the raw fear lurking below the brothers' braggadocio is the most pronounced emotion in a movie whose focus on the personalities of its criminals suggests an Australian answer to Goodfellas, minus the wise-guy humor.
This year's answer to The Hurt Locker when it comes to pure, unrelenting tension.
A few fresh twists on the usual saga of an outlaw family violently imploding. The chilling reason to see this is Weaver's smiling lioness protecting her favorite cub.
Seethes rather than burns in its first hour as the banality of evil settles in like mildew.
It's the script and the tone of the piece where my problems lie. I felt like I'd scene this picture before, had the overriding sense that I knew where it was heading and how things would all play themselves out.
Marries heightened emotionality with cool contemporary style to illustrate one of the oldest of genre truths: "Crooks always come undone, always, one way or another."
A phenomenal debut feature with a terrific title.
Jacki Weaver's criminal matriarch is the most chilling since Billie Whitelaw in 1990's "The Krays."
another debut film whose young director has set an imposing high-water mark for the rest of his filmmaking career.
Watching this small-time Melbourne crime family unravel under the weight of their overconfidence is riveting, as Australian writer-director David Michod takes his time methodically detailing their self-destruction.
Thank goodness Animal Kingdom is so stylish and sharply plotted.
The suggestion that the authorities may comprise a clan that's as ruthless and amoral as the Browns also adds a pleasingly cynical edge that's often lacking in other crime dramas.
Michod uses intuitive direction and spare dialogue, allowing the underlying tensions to take center stage, and the uniformly strong performances to do their work
Even quotidian scenes are pumped up with layered, droning intonations of impressionistic dread, an effect that calls attention to itself as often as it simply does its job.
The Melbourne of Michod's gripping allegory is a jungle of robbery, drug dealing, and dirty law-enforcement officials among the clean.
best indicated by its unwavering reserve--a reluctance, almost--to say too much when slow, fluid tracking motions and static, medium-distance establishing shots may suffice.
It's hard to take your eyes off Mr. Mendelsohn whenever he's onscreen. So creepy, so seductive, so scary-his stillness is more disturbing than when he's forced into action.
Michôd seems to fully understand the banality of suburban violence, with its buzzing televisions and daffy, unsuspecting parents.
Charles Darwin would easily recognize the struggle for survival in David Michod's gritty, gripping Animal Kingdom, a tough crime treat from Australia.
This is one cinematic gun that keeps smoking long after the final credits.
Offers the quality storytelling of those '70s crime classics but with an edge that makes it feels far more contemporary than other films influenced by that era
Michôd wants a Greek epic but doesn't have the material.
more a trip to the petting zoo than a foray into the treacherous savannah of high and low crime
Gripping Australian crime drama that charts the slow unraveling of a family bound together by violence through the eyes of a teenage nephew unexpectedly thrust into their midst.
Animal Kingdom wrongly assumes certain characters deserve empathy simply because they're protagonists.
Michôd serves up Trainspotting-like tricks and narration that is beguiling, if rarely apropos. But the actors are something.
An intelligent, tension-filled policer from downunder.
As the film begins and Anthony Portos' mournful score plays over the opening credits, it's clear that Animal Kingdom is not interested in following the tried and true formula of flash visuals, glamorous violence, and caricature seen in many an Australian
Another one of those tiny, volcanic Australian dramas (e.g. Romper Stomper; Blessed) that explode off the screen more from superb casting and direction than from originality of plot, which is not to say the plot here is ever less than engrossing.
Smart, intense, tragic, blackly funny, atmospheric and freaking awesome.
Destined to be an international arthouse hit, this portrayal of power struggles in an underworld dynasty may be the closest thing we get to an Australian Godfather.
An extraordinarily tense, menacing film set in a Melbourne crime family in the recent past.
A slow-burning, nail-biting piece, Animal Kingdom is one of the best and most brutal Australian films in years.
The cinematography and the soundtrack to this film are exceptional, working with the slow pace of the film's beginning to make this 'not just another Aussie crime drama'.
What ultimately assures Animal Kingdom of not merely greatness, but candidacy to classic status, is that it never loses its focus or relents.
Michod gives us a conclusion that is simultaneously shocking, decisive and ambiguous; one that exemplifies the unsettling richness of the film.
It is a masterfully constructed drama that enters the criminal psyche of its characters in great depth.
A slow-boiling, nail-biting, psychological ride that slides through the deadly politics of a suburban crime family, in one of the best Australian films in recent years.
The characters are compelling, the actors perfectly cast. The screenplay is fairly slow but it never loses your attention.
Deservedly won the World Cinema Jury prize at Sundance earlier this year, and confirms that Michod is an important new talent.
The sheer presence of the distinguished ensemble overrides the somewhat laboured screenplay and uneven pacing of this otherwise engrossing and foreboding Aussie gangster flick.
Outstanding. Never before has a tale of crime and punishment been so exquisitely handled by one of our own. This is a towering achievement.
Animal Kingdom is the best crime film ever made in Australia and it's one of the best crime films full stop
It's a pleasure to see an Australian genre movie in which story and character are given equal importance and are so well defined and delivered. That it won a major award at Sundance shows its creative credentials: its popularity will show its audience app
Smart writing and good execution makes this a tense, gripping and edgy thriller
It's an exceptional Australian film that will lurk in the shadows of your memory for a long time afterwards.
This is restrained, powerful filmmaking on all fronts.
A well-rounded, unrelenting thriller that holds tight and squeezes all the way to the final credits.
the best film I've seen since THE HURT LOCKER
This could have been a slick little thriller. Instead, it evolves into the unfolding of an epic tragedy.

@highlight

With confident pacing, a smart script, and a top-notch cast, Animal Kingdom represents the best the Australian film industry has to offer.