A most satisfying sweet domestic comedy.
Here there is no doubt characters have changed, but externally their behavior seems all but the same. The development is incremental and internalized.
As the storm winds down and dawn approaches, you deeply care - because you can't predict, and neither can they - whether these family members will learn to grow up, let go and move on.
After the Storm brilliantly deconstructs this self-destructive cycle over time. It patiently strips away male delusions of grandeur and focuses intensely on the responsibility of being mindful.
All of these build up to being more than the sum of its parts. For anyone, being compared to Ozu is daunting, but Kore-eda needn't be ashamed, not with efforts like "After the Storm."
It's a quiet piece, but resonant in its humanity and hope.
The hard part is that it takes work, which isn't quite a message we associate with movies but which remains, as with the rest of the film, true to life. The resulting work is beautiful, and strikingly human.
Kore-eda is a master of the billowing family drama, and After the Storm is another portrait of fracture and recovery that will break your heart.
"...one of those movies where you wish a supporting character had been the focus."
After the Storm gathers a cumulative force that's easy to discount, but its melancholy effects, like those that define Kore-eda's most substantial recent efforts, are potent enough to linger in the mind.
Instead of reaching out and dragging us into his films, [Hirokazu] Koreeda allows us enough space to approach situations that resist melodramatic overstatement. Slowly and deftly, he entangles us in the lives of his characters.
The map that Koreeda presents is exposed with solvency: it obtains empathy and closeness with its characters without making strong judgments. [Full review in Spanish]
As is common in the best cinema of Koreeda, the film stays oozing in the memory long after having seen it. [Full review in Spanish]
The film uses a generalized minor tone almost negligible for its investigation of the various emotional colors of the contemporary Japanese family in conflict. [Full review in Spanish]
The distance that Koreeda knows to keep between the subtlety of his humor and the crudeness of the motives he addresses makes it a beautiful pièce de résistance. [Full review in Spanish]
The transparency goes very well with the film, the gesture of entrusting all communication to the dialogues between their characters, but also to the relationship between the bodies of their actors and the spaces they occupy. [Full review in Spanish]
The best scenes of the film have to do with the presence of the octogenarian mother, a balm after the emotional storm that have crossed the characters. [Full review in Spanish]
Maybe the good, spaced moments, make Hirokazu Kore-eda's film no longer connects with the soul, at least something like consciousness. [Full review in Spanish]
To this day, Koreeda doesn't have a single despicable movie, but After the Storm is outlined to be the most intimate of them all. [Full review in Spanish]
The director has such sensitivity to create characters that doesn't need major events or big accidents of nature to provoke catharsis in them and in us. [Full review in Spanish]
Hirokazu Kore-eda understands the character's drama and addresses it through a simple staging, away from all artificiality. [Full review in Spanish]
Koreeda's approach almost doesn't give false steps (although suddenly it gets distracted in subplots) and again it's a delight how it involves us in the customs of its culture. [Full review in Spanish]
A film in which the cast portrays characters with a natural charisma making their conversations feel genuine. [Full review in Spanish]
A beautiful movie that will surely touch your heart. [Full review in Spanish]
Kore-eda has gotten to the point where even when his work isn't top-drawer, it's exceptionally nice to be around.
Quiet revelations and fleeting poetry - a lottery ticket, we're reminded, is a piece of a dream - pleasingly ensue.
As ever, the director has fashioned a lovely, appealing, lightly comic film that exists somewhere between late Ozu and early Spielberg.
[A] bittersweet and surprisingly light Japanese delicacy.
Koreeda gently unpicks the humanity of his characters and their acceptance of realities via the metaphor of a typhoon, which in the end brings Ryota closure and a hint of fresh hope.
Hirokazu Koreeda's bittersweet comedy about three generations of a Japanese family is a gentle delight.
The director skips explosive climaxes for a quiet -- though satisfying -- emotional resolution; the result of a drama designed to slowly simmer.
Played in a plangent, minor key, After the Storm is rich in whimsy, with Hanaregumi's score drawing plentifully on whistling, to give the sense of an everyday amble through life's unpredictabilities.
Full of humour, and beautifully acted, After the Storm tellingly explores the slights, resentments, rivalries and grudging affection that are lifeblood of every family.
The miracle of Abe's performance, and indeed of Koreeda's direction, is that, despite everything, you don't actually loathe Ryota as a character. You pity him.
[It] catches you unawares: seemingly so slight, a chamber piece in a minor key, it is in fact as honest and complex a depiction of family life -- and the fraught, tender, melancholy relationship between generations -- that I've seen in a long time.
This isn't a weepie but as you realise what's happening you may want to cry.
The film's realism is demurely genuine, and it slowly reveals the strange understanding that permeates families.
Beautifully judged performances ... impart piquancy to this bittersweet rumination on memory, paternity, expectation and the different ways in which men and women approach the past, the present and the future.
A poignant, award-winning drama.
It's a clever, mazy film.
There is such intelligence and delicacy in Kore-eda's film-making, such wit and understated humanity.
A film you need to be in a receptive mood to get on with - objectively, it's about a pretty rotten character and his petty life - but with real emotional pay-off.
No one makes family melodramas quite like Japanese director Hirokazu Koreeda. His style is deceptively low key and matter of fact even as he deals with seismic moments in the lives of his protagonists.
Proof that the Japanese maestro deserves to be the metronome of all movie lovers' hearts.
Tonally there's so much to appreciate about this production, offering a heightened take on reality without compromising once on the authenticity.
No modern filmmaker has as sure a grasp on family dynamics as Hirokazu Kore-eda.
There isn't a single false note in this generous, affectionate portrait of people making the best of their situation.
As ever, Kore-eda masterfully investigates the nooks and crannies of the commonplace with a delicate hand, posing questions about destiny and chance.
The final result is such a deftly understated mixture of humour and sadness that it's only after the storm, when the end credits roll, that you really feel its full emotional force.
Kore-eda's very fine film is almost painfully honest in its even-handed depiction of this character, and never seeks to condemn him.
After the Storm brings us a richly detailed story that involves family generations and is surrounded by strong emotional depth, naturalistic settings, and considerable amounts of sorrowfulness and optimism.
In the hands of Kore-eda and his brilliant cast, this isn't a formulaic romantic comedy but an unclassifiable blend of comedy and drama, where you root for the hero even as he lets you down again and again.
After the Storm is a sad but insightful story about a father trying to reconcile his mistakes.
There is resolution in the end of After the Storm, though Kore-eda doesn't wrap things up too neatly. He's trying to capture life, and he shows us with gentle humanity that life is usually messy.
With Still Walking and his new After the Storm, he has instead slowly taken a... lovely, profound, Ozu-like path.
A quiet character study of a man in slow-motion crisis.
[W]riter/director Hirokazu Koreeda's deliberate, observant film [is] about a man who will not let go of the past, because he cannot see a future for himself or his life.
Ultimately, it hangs too much solely on the deadbeat Ryota.
Delicately woven, warmly portrayed and capturing the balmy and refreshed atmosphere that follows a summer rain, Hirokazu Koreeda's After the Storm is a quiet masterpiece.
It's a tender and wise feature, sustaining Kore-eda's inspection of family and the bittersweet experience of aging.
A painstakingly real rumination on lost opportunities and regret.
Writer-director Hirokazu Kore-eda's modern day set piece is small but potent.
It is a family I am comfortable to be with. That says a lot for the ability of the filmmaker.
For a film filled with broken promises, dead dreams, conniving duplicity and desperation, "After the Storm" has a surprisingly light touch and odd charm.
Even Kore-eda's lesser movies show a Japan that doesn't appear much in the movies, and After the Storm is one of his best.
After the Storm has been described as a movie about a divorced father trying to reassemble his sundered family, but from where I sit, he's not trying very hard.
The director keeps his characters and audience bobbing together over waters that grow deeper and deeper, until it's impossible to distinguish the everyday from the profound.
Kore-eda films aren't sexy or controversial, but in their small, observational ways offer unexpectedly complete emotional journeys. When they're over, you feel like you've been somewhere.
Koreeda is a master of portraying complex human emotions without spelling them out, a downward glance or an actor's stance telling us all we need to know.
The writing, direction, performances, and emotional subtlety of this film are a wonder to behold.
It's a modestly budgeted, exquisitely made drama about adult characters who change in small but meaningful ways. Japanese director Hirokazu Kore-eda has been turning them out for a quarter century.
intergenerational conflict is very much in the Ozu domain, but this is not to say that Kore-Eda doesn't have his own authorial stamp.
Solid yet subtly sphinxlike ...
Part of the beauty of After the Storm, and much of Koreeda's work, is how he shows that simple doesn't mean uncomplicated.
"After the Storm" has what the Japanese call mono no aware, which translates as "the pathos of things." It is a film that is aware of the of the transient, impermanent nature of life.
Kore-eda aims for the sentimental, but not without acknowledging the real pain and wretchedness in the world -- especially when it's exhibited by those closest to us.
Kore-eda looks sensitively at the deep roots of unquenched anguish, but he constructs the characters too neatly and the situations too precisely for the drama to seem like anything but a well-meaning lesson.
Ryota's heartbreak sneaks up on you.
Kore-eda's mastery of the minuet of family relationships ensures that the film remains strongly entertaining drama.
Hiroshi Abe's Ryota adds a nervous energy to Hirokazu Koreeda's typically chill approach, where unhurried (but never ostentatiously unhurried) shots are met with plaintive, sad music and a keen understanding of people going through the thick of it.
There are times in this lovely, complacent movie about uncomplacent circumstance when I wanted to be shaken up, and wasn't.
Hirokazu Kore-eda only makes good movies, but this tender, accessible drama is one of his very best.
A touching story about a mad and sad blocked writer in the midst of a midlife breakdown.
After the Storm is one of our best filmmaker's best films.
A layered and melancholy drama about one man's attempt to rebuild his life, before it moves on without him.
Clearly, Kore-eda has been pondering the hereafter for quite some time. After the Storm makes for a worthy and powerful addition to a lifetime of thought-provoking films.
Watch and listen closely ... and worlds of deeply felt, awkwardly expressed passion will unfold in and around a cramped apartment in a nondescript high-rise that has aged along with the inhabitants who raised families there.
A disillusioned father tries to pull his family back together in another simple but powerful drama from the Japanese master Hirokazu Kore-eda.
Another unobtrusive minor miracle of a film that will leave you profoundly sad and deeply satisfied.
I've admired Mr. Kore-eda's work for many years... His latest film, though, has a special warmth and grace.
A sublimely simple family drama from the Japanese writer-director Hirokazu Kore-eda.
This would be grist for the mills of filmmakers seeking strong drama or dark comedy, but Kore-eda sagely follows a different path.
Warm, wise, nuanced and profoundly moving.
It's a film that sticks with you.
It's a rich, thoughtful character study that stands with its author's finest work.
Koreeda is deeply fond of his characters, and he never tires of letting them find measures of bliss in small things and compromises.
I walked out of After the Storm wanting to be a better person - and further convinced that Hirokazu Kore-eda isn't just one of the world's best filmmakers, but one of its most indispensable artists.
The stock character types that Hirokazu Kore-eda employs across the board are pretty much open books from the start.
A meditative, poignant look at family members who have come to accept their disappointments.
If these early passages feel uncommonly unmoored for Kore-eda, it's because he's at his best in moments of togetherness.
After The Storm will certainly warm your heart on a cold stormy day.
As Yoshiko, Kiki brings warmth and wisdom to this troubled estranged family.
After the Storm is undoubtedly one of Kore-eda's best.
All characters are realistically flawed...Though...key artifacts are common to Japanese families..., nostalgia for childhood experiences and personalities are universal.
It may not be the most interesting question Kore-eda has ever posed in a film. But it makes a nice addition to a lovely and gentle body of work about parents and children.
A creative film that bets on minimalism, where the sweetness and bitterness in the echoes of the past are mixed. [Full review in Spanish]
A film that channels the best of Hollywood's reconquest comedies of the 30's and 40's. [Full review in Spanish]
...touching, subtle,deftly andminutely observed...
These days family dramas are either resigned to docile comedies or histrionic shouting matches. Kore-eda finds more efficacy in tiny gestures that compliment the most essential family moments.
Kore-ada has explored the father-son dynamic in his previous work, most notably Still Walking (2008) and Like Father, Like Son (2013), and brings a gentle, humanist approach to the material.
Japanese master Kore-eda Hirokazu delivers one of his most satisfying efforts to date with his tender look at a disintegrating family and what truly remains of the love that was once there in abundance.
Everything builds to the storm in the third act, when a forced reunion is thrust on the fractured brood, but that would be to give too much weight to the plot. This work is all about small truths.
Kore-eda chronicles all this with his customary warmth and patience, [exploring] themes of familial and generational conflict while barely raising his voice above a whisper.
Japanese filmmaker Kore-eda gently examines complex family relationships in this humane comedy by a matchless observer of everyday life.
A slice-of-life drama in which very little happens, After the Storm derives great emotional resonance from the subtlest indications of family ties - or lack thereof.
Shooting the film in the same Tokyo danchi where he once lived, Koreeda intersperses a wealth of revealing detail.
A film that invites you in, and clears a space for you at the dinner table while you shuck off your shoes in the hallway.
Keeps the melancholy tale of a broken family reunited briefly by a typhoon on a slow simmer until the last act, which is sprinkled with small epiphanies about our humble existence.
Echoes 2008's Still Walking in its gentle, wry wisdom.
This is Kore-eda at his very best, facing up to the hardest truths with honesty and a nervous laugh - uncomfortable, invigorating, and ultimately cleansing, like the cinema's equivalent of a cold shower.
A classic Japanese family drama of gentle persuasion and staggering simplicity from Kore-eda Hirokazu.
[A] sweet-natured comedy about father/son relationships and the gifts and curses that are passed down through generations.
Even long-standing fans of the Japanese filmmaker might be taken aback by the supreme subtlety of his latest, achingly beautiful ode to the quiet complexities of family life.

@highlight

After the Storm crosses cultural lines to offer timeless observations about parental responsibilities, personal bonds, and the capacity for forgiveness.