It sounds like it should be incredibly trite, but it never really is, despite a few alarming dips into the waters of cliché. Strong performances from the four leads carry a well-crafted film along to its emotional but never quite poignant ending.
Pop moviemaking aimed towards an underserved demographic, but one respects its approach in assuming its audience is at least intelligent and emotionally mature.
Equal parts touching and corny, the film is a sentimental teen girl summer adventure that has enough genuine moments to rise above its familiar feeling of plain old recycled clothing.
For the most part, director Ken Kwapis and screenwriters Delia Ephron and Elizabeth Chandler (who adapted Ann Brashares' novel) keep things tart, dry-eyed and briskly moving.
Four friends on a quest to find something, only to realize that anything resembling an answer is to be found in the journey itself, in their friendships, and in themselves.
Sisterhood is one of those rare teen movies that not only encapsulates the hazards of growing up but allows an adult audience to relate to and enjoy instead of endure.
Makes my skin crawl. You?
The film is filled with positive messages ...
Sisterhood may not be much more than a story about girlfriends growing up, and it's not going to score any points for edginess, but it's entertaining in a low-key, non-threatening kind of way.
The Sisterhood of Traveling Pants is ideal for a mother-daughter or best-friends-forever cinema excursion, but it may not be the most satisfying two hours for the rest of the movie-going public.
The cinema has seen plenty of coming-of-age tales over the decades, but few are as sweet and well-constructed as this take on the popular Ann Brashares novel.
Call it something of a minor miracle that The Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants has turned out so enormously enjoyable.
There is such confidence and loving direction in "The Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants."
It's all a bit simplistic, but it's harmless enough and goes down smoothly. I rather enjoyed it.
Four strong performances from four young actresses aside, there's nothing here that you haven't seen before, better, and with a lot more sincerity.
You may actually think it's going somewhere at the time. But ultimately, you realize it's only going through the motions.
Unashamedly aimed at its pre-teen target market, who will probably in all fairness, really enjoy it.
It sounds like a touchy-feely Gap commercial, but this fantastical premise jars with a refreshingly realistic look at girls making the tricky transition to womanhood.
The cast lend a great deal of credibility to the material and director Ken Kwapis knows when to cut away from a scene when it carries the potential for shmaltz.
For all its good intentions, this Sisterhood is divine.
That a movie about pants features a story that skirts formula is an irony worth savoring.
A good cry feels good.
If you want to get a sense of how this differs from its immediate competition, Lords of Dogtown, look no further than the roles played in both by America Ferrara.
This is lazy, lazy storytelling.
Despite some soapy scenes, this adaptation of Ann Brashares' best-selling teen novel holds touching drama.
Brashares' best-selling teen novel comes to the screen a little frayed and shopworn, but the performances are a custom fit.
The film is so obviously geared to manipulate the viewer that it's hard not to feel a bit like one of Mr. Pavlov's dogs.
The pleasant actresses compensate for the originality and surprises that Sisterhood lacks.
Sisterhood is likely to fit different kinds of moviegoers, even if it doesn't look that way on the surface. You just have to be willing to try it on.
Sisterhood inhabits a tricky slot -- the subject matter is a little mature for tween audiences, and too glossed over for adults -- but succeeds, due entirely to charismatic Tamblyn and devastating Ferrera.
America Ferrera projects boisterousness belying insecurity. Her unforced bright demeanor eclipses the rest of the movie.
[It] isn't awful -- it beats any of the recent Hilary Duff films like a gong -- but it is the kind of slick, flashy thing that may look okay for a few days, only to be thrown in the back of the closet and forgotten forever.
Everything Bullock's 'Ya Ya's' wanted to be
It's honest enough to acknowledge the perils of adolescence as well as its pleasures.
A film I expected to enter the ninth circle of the chirpy Hilary Duff 'girl-power' inferno is one of the sweetest, most thoughtful coming-of-age stories I've seen in years.
... it delivers what it's supposed to.
It deals with mature themes, yet keeps a patina of fluffiness over the whole thing. It's a serious movie, but a fun one.
The filmmakers just can't resist sentiment, and seem happy to wallow in corny humour, predictable sappiness and heavy-handed moralising.
Ferrera plays the role beautifully, navigating water filled with tension, conflict, pain, depression, self-hatred and acerbic sarcasm with stunning ease.
Engaging even when relegated to narrator, America Ferrera is the most compelling reason to see The Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants.
Like a pop song, Sisterhood contains mostly simple messages -- love yourself, love your sisters, learn from your mistakes, be brave. But they're good messages, wrapped in a sweet, well-acted and not-too-counterfeit package.
To say that The Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants was not made for me, or perhaps any male critic, is an understatement.
A difficult movie to hate -- even if you're not a female between the ages of 14 and 18...
... A film of true, honest emotion.
A watchable if altogether predictable film that only skims the emotional surface of its episodic narrative.
(It) does stray into the borderline romance novel 'chick flick' area a few times. For the most part, though, it's a cunning adventure of varying dreams and nightmares.
It took a bit to figure out what's stashed in the back pocket of The Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants - little teen-sized pieces of movie cliche.
One of those annoying, by the numbers, after school special, sickly sweet kind of films that will give you sugar shock by the end. In this case that's not a bad thing.
Not everything is resolved in this gem of a movie, but one thing comes through with stunning clarity -- the importance of having good friends you can count on.
I'm clearly not the target audience, but I genuinely enjoyed this feel-good tearjerker.
As coming-of-age films go, the big-screen adaptation of Ann Brashares' popular novel is one of the more bathetic.
You may not literally laugh or cry, as the ads promise. But you'll have a good time watching the dream-fulfilling denims make their comic-romantic rounds.
A coming-of-age chick flick filled with enough charm to fill a soccer stadium or two.
A Charming Sisterhood. Teenage story defies girlie stereotypes.
The finale goes on and on, but the movie is nicely photographed and duly empowering, and should please the vast teen-girl audience for which it's intended.
Unlike other flicks of the genre, The Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants doesn't rely on a patched up story or hand-me-down characters.
The message would have been more effective if they had stuck to their guns and urged awareness and independence in their young female audience
A warm-hearted, enjoyable diversion. A possible contender for one of the sleeper hits of the summer.
[A] training-bra of a flick designed to indoctrinate tweens with the estrogen-drenched sappiness of 'women's pop culture'...
Wonderful heart-affecting drama about four teenagers bonded together by caring and a pair of jeans.
The emotional story and fine acting are enough to make this a must-see movie for teen girls. The real surprise is that they can make a grown man cry.
It's heartening to see a movie about teenage girls that is concerned with serious questions and avoids the pettiness that filmmakers tend to ascribe to young women of that age.
Fortunately for this sentimental coming-of-age story based on the young-adult novel by Ann Brashares and directed by Ken Kwapis, its target audience is youthful enough that the cliches may still retain a hint of freshness.
Kudos to a movie that encourages girls -- and everyone else -- to accept their bodies, to forgive their friends and family and to live their lives to the fullest.
Sisterhood is a modest pleasure because it has been made with so much respect for the experiences of young women.
This is a film that pre-teen and young teen girls -- and for that matter, any woman who remembers being 16 -- will love. Others are likely to be teeth-gritting their way through it.
A sweet-natured journey not to a galaxy far, far away, but to someplace just as mysterious: the first tentative steps toward adulthood, taken here by four teenage girls.
The relationships and performances are strong and moving, with an effect both breezy-fun and profound.
The more roles that go to the fresh, charming, untabloidy Pants cast, the better.
By keeping their story threads separate,
A movie that pre-teen and adolescent girls will embrace. (Pre-teen and adolescent girls will also embrace Chad, Jesse, Lindsay, Hilary, fake tans, designer cellphones, junior prom and Uggs, so proceed with caution.)
Remarkably for a movie geared to teenage girls -- a market Hollywood typically panders to with glossy imitations of their lives -- The Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants has no glaringly false moments.
Sometimes it is only slightly more mature than your average vehicle for the Olsen twins.
It's unfair to pigeonhole this meaningful human story in that genre, especially since it feels more real than some adult chick flicks. Besides, a good story is a good story.
A winning, heartfelt look at the bonds of female friendship and the life lessons that attend adolescence.
It's warm, endearing, upbeat and fast-moving. It presents likable, goofy characters who confront adult issues that teens often face.
Working from a deft script by Delia Ephron, director Ken Kwapis labors hard so that guys won't cringe (too much) as four teen girls, of different body types, pass along the same pair of lucky jeans during a summer of love and loss.
Even after some shameless audience manipulation, we still don't know enough about any of them to really care about them.
Temperamentally, The Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants is like the Beatles, with jeans. Cinematically, it is like the Ya-Yas, with Livestrong bracelets.
May be somewhat predictable, but it fits the needs of its young audience like a glove. Or a pair of magic jeans.
The Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants plays to everybody's inner weepy teenage girl. And that's not such a bad thing.
Smart summer entertainment that you don't need to be a teenage girl to appreciate.
It's the girly equivalent of a midsummer Bruckheimer extravaganza -- a roller-coaster ride to the edge of total (emotional, natch) devastation that makes the happy ending that much more reassuring and cozy.
What could have turned into a featherweight teenybopper movie matures into a lot more.
This is a movie about girls made for girls (and perhaps the occasional trusted mother or aunt). It doesn't care if not everyone likes it, and it's not about to change itself drastically in hopes that they do.
For the legions of fans of the book, this movie is one-size-fits-all. The rest of us will have to keep shopping.
If you like slumber parties and hanging out with teen girls, [this] is for you.... it's targeted so squarely on your demographic that few outside the group will be interested.
The young ladies all perform well, the script is like a well-built tear-duct milking machine, and parents should be pleased their kids are going to see such well-intentioned drivel instead of the mean-spirited drivel that's far more prevalent.
All four stories are heartfelt, and this cast of able and awfully likable girls can work the comedy and coming-of-age drama without going sappy.
The turns that each of these stories take are hardly surprising, and most of co-screenwriters Elizabeth Chandler and Delia Ephron's attempts at humor fall flat.
Like the four teenage girls at its center, The Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants makes up in charm what it lacks in sophistication.
A modest but moving movie that that does a better job engaging issues than many of its adult counterparts.
In a season of overhyped blockbusters, The Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants is a genuine sleeper that deserves to find an audience.
The real backbone of Sisterhood comes from the actresses playing the friends, and the fifth-wheel surprise of Jenna Boyd.
Ken Kwapis and his exquisitely cast young ensemble preserve the essence of the tale about girls whose friendship is bigger than their differences.
Not just another teen movie, nor just another chick flick.
Anyone looking for a solid, unpretentious, entertaining film with some important messages could do a lot worse than this saga of girls gone wise.
This is strictly a picture for the target audience, though it seems to hit that target regularly.
That rare meal both adolescent girls and their mothers will be able to agree on.
It can be overly sappy but sweet enough to please. All four actresses are believable, particularly when Sisterhood sells tough resolutions to the issues raised.
Ya-Ya-esq... this is definitely a training film for young women to celebrate their own friendships.
A super-estrogenized movie, no doubt, but it speaks rather warmly and sincerely to the universal struggles of adolescence.
Traveling Pants will be catnip for the core readership, but the possibility for this material to register more strongly with the senses nags the entire film.
To paraphrase Chris Rock, nobody had me in mind when they made this movie.
There's raw, emotional honesty here, making it an irresistible, magical movie your heart won't let you forget.
Family-friendly films for girls...[usually] drip with phony commercialism and pettiness of character; by comparison, Sisterhood is not only a class-act, but a godsend.
No, it's not a "one size fits all" film. But "The Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants" is just the right size for so many audiences.
AKA Steel Magnolias with Training Wheels ... it's surprisingly engaging
This isn't a bad movie or an insulting one, but it is awfully simple, and not particularly interesting for those of us out of its demographic.
Sticking fairly close to the 2001 novel, co-scenarists Delia Ephron and Elizabeth Chandler preserve its strengths as a complex adolescent soap operasoap opera leavened by humor, warmth and empathy.
Director Ken Kwapis coaxes convincing performances out of his youthful cast.
This Sisterhood is real pleasure, a big-hearted movie where a group of gifted actresses find opportunities most younger movie stars can only dream about.
Exponentially more earnest, affecting and credible than 90 percent of movies aimed at teenage girls.
...the movie is practically stolen by supporting player Boyd. Watch out Dakota Fanning
A profoundly sweet take on girls growing into women.
This story is told with sincerity, heart, and a little bit of magic -- the very same qualities that made the original book a "you have to read this" classic for young girls.
The multiple story lines can feel choppy, but the dialogue has snap, and the pants' powers never distract from the teenagers' emotions.
By creating some endearing and genuine teenage characters, the movie really gets to you by the end. ... I cried.
The film's acknowledgement that growing up often requires coming to terms with loss results in a mature, untidy view of adolescence.
I am unquestionably not a member of the target demographic for Ken Kwapis' The Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants, but that didn't prevent me from enjoying it.
This is an earnest and honest effort about a demographic that is deeply under-represented in today's movies.










@highlight

This adaptation of a beloved novel charms with its heartwarming tale of friendship and young adulthood; realistic portrayals of the lives of teenage girls lend the comedy-drama sincerity, and may capture hearts outside the female-centric demographic.