Follows the pattern of "The Return of the Secaucus Seven."
Considering that DuVall shot the film on a small budget over a short amount of time, it's a deft piece of work, and proves she has what it takes to make a go of a directing career.
This is an ensemble film. It's as much about what goes on behind closed doors in straight marriages as commitment-phobia across sexual orientations.
You may have to be at just the right stage in your life to appreciate it - but for those of us who are there, The Intervention is a great film.
It's the directorial debut of Clea Duvall and it's very much an actors' showcase: eight characters with heavy baggage doing their best to ignore the weight.
Clea DuVall's directorial debut, The Intervention, brings together so many of our favorite actors for a break-up-and-make-up dramedy.
These are characters we've generally seen before and don't care to revisit.
DuVall doesn't just fall back on ad-libbing quip-flingers; her cinemascope frames are precise and assured, and she knows how to cut on a joke without making it seem over-determined.
Despite her script's omissions - we learn little about where these affluent people come from, their occupations or how they know one another - Ms. DuVall juggles the emotional dynamics with fluid editing and light comic touches.
A competently-shot, well-acted -- especially from Lynskey -- slice of thirty-something ennui.
Engrossing, wise, funny and well-acted. How refreshing it is to watch an American film that's for adults, that can't be turned into a video game. and where no one gets eaten by zombies for a change!
The script wobbles between heavy-handed and touching, but the result is a pleasantly nostalgic throwback that's saved from its copy-cat tendencies by charismatic actors.
Old friends reunite with an unusual goal in mature dramedy.
The situation yields a few expected comic twists, and some mild revelations. But the main fun is the performances by the women.
If DuVall's purpose was to provide a snapshot of her generation, she should have sharpened her focus.
The Intervention is, in a way, like finding that perfect significant other who makes you laugh, dries your tears, and makes you feel comfortable when they are around.
Actor Clea DuVall shows a sly sense of humor in her directing debut, The Intervention, a pleasantly funny and awkward comedy.
As an unfussy, dryly amusing and sincere look at men and women pondering emotional pivots in their lives, it's plenty likable.
Wanders from scene to scene until arriving at some pretty implausible conflict resolution.
It's more engrossing to just hang out with the characters in all their damaged glory, before the plot marches through the room with its clunkiest boots on.
The Intervention pulls off the 'group of friends hash out their problems over a long weekend' story in a way that many other movies fail to do.
DuVall's grasp on tone is just another one of the many strengths she exhibits as a filmmaker with this genuine, often comforting movie.
Smart, polished, wisely observant. A terrific cinematic expression of truths about emotional labor that many women will recognize.
"The Intervention" feels confident and accomplished: The cast immediately seems to bond as a group, with each playing a distinctive, recognizable character.
The movie's stifling familiarity prevents it from making much of an impact.
Duvall certainly didn't let a small budget intervene with her plan to tell a compelling story, one that's relatable to anyone who has had relationship problems.
As funny as it ends up being, it's also quite thought-provoking, because it makes you think about whether you're satisfied with your own relationships
An honest, intimate portrayal of three couples who endure a weekend of emotional maintenance while trying to convince a fourth couple to get a divorce.
Clea DuVall crafts an entire film out of aborted attempts at a revelation that feel completely anodyne.
A series of funny and touching set-pieces that hardly feel particularly new, but are largely winning thanks to the strong cast.
The wit is sly, the laughs rooted in character and behavior rather than easy punch lines.
The Intervention is a movie that can have you laughing, especially thanks to Lynskey's expert comic timing, just as easily as it can have you covering your eyes as a couple's relationship comes to the breaking point.
The build-up is an intentionally unwieldy one showing the many forms of love, and how the notion of it doesn't always fit in a methodical box, much less a blissful one.
Engaging and emotionally intelligent.
An engaging bit of Big Chill-ish reflection on being 30-something and still trying to figure out what you want out of love when you grow up.
"The Intervention" may not offer many new experiences, but its combination of tart and sweet is satisfying.
Like finding that perfect significant other who makes you laugh, dries your tears, and makes you feel comfortable when they are around.
[Sundance 2016] DuVall's inaugural directorial effort is one she should be proud of.
While The Intervention tastes vanilla, there's enough flavor here to keep wanting more from DuVall. Despite its flaws, the film still manages to win you over, even if it never actually surprises you, making it quite an assured debut.
To say this script lacks dramatic energy is an understatement - you might as well try to power your car on celery juice.
The problem for The Intervention lies in its misjudgment of tone. It's played for feelgood laughs (the cornball ending feels especially unearned), when DuVall should have instead dug deeper to exploit her characters for the messed up people that they are.
An ensemble piece that breaks no new ground in themes or execution, but is pleasingly accomplished on all levels.
A cloying throwback to the Big Chill format of a cloistered reunion devoted to self-analysis and errant hanky-panky that in this case features mostly silly and annoying characters with whom it's no fun to be trapped.

@highlight

The Intervention 's familiar plot is enlivened by complex character dynamics and a likable cast.