Based on the ad campaign, it would be easy to pigeonhole "Ghost Town" as another romantic comedy with a twist, but it's much more and much better than that.
Gervais does his utmost to imprint his signature on a movie that doesn't really belong to him. His improvised dialogue vaults high above director David Koepp's script.
One poor soul is buck naked. I don't even want to know how he kicked the bucket.
The big screen's best use of the talents of the sarcastic, ever put-upon Mr. Gervais.
Dozens of other movies have romped on the same grass. But Gervais spritzes everything in Ghost Town with a delightfully refreshing comic mist.
The Town isn't as impressive as Affleck's directing debut, 2007's Gone Baby Gone, but he handles the action scenes with brutal efficiency and gets terrific performances from his co-stars.
Yes, there are gags about mummy penises and canine halitosis, but other sublime moments recall Albert Brooks' social-satire heyday. Given the otherworldly elements, David Koepp's "Ghost Town" sweetly hits the heights of Brooks' "Defending Your Life."
The pudgy Brit looks right at home here on the big screen, starring in a romantic comedy in which we're asked to believe he might have a chance with Tea Leoni. And you know what? He makes us believe.
Ghost Town is funny and moves along briskly, fulfilling the two most important qualities of a romantic comedy.
This is a good romantic comedy, and that is a genre that often gets messed up. Here, the old formula comes out just right.
Rises above expectations, even though it never quite shatters the genre mould.
Gervais' rapport with his equally enjoyable co-stars Greg Kinnear and Tea Leoni also keeps Ghost Town on solidly funny ground.
Gervais, Leoni (adorável) e Kinnear estabelecem uma boa dinâmica, elevando o roteiro convencional e divertindo mais do que o material conseguiria naturalmente.
Ricky Gervais is an anti-social dentist who can speak with the dead in this very funny romantic comedy about unfinished business.
Ghost Town is both a surprise and a departure: it's genuinely funny and quietly original. It also shows what Gervais can do in the right role.
In the end, Ghost Town delivers. Right now, we need all the laughs we can get. Especially kindly ones.
In different hands, this could have been forgettably saccharine fare, but Gervais' genius and an excellent cast of bit players turn it into solidly acerbic entertainment.
Writer-director David Koepp is almost too careful a craftsman for his own good, but Gervais and Leoni share a talent for throwing the audience off-balance...
This film is so unexpectedly enjoyable.
The bravura blend of English eccentricity thanks to Ricky Gervais' presence and the surreal fantasy of a new take on the 'I see dead people' concept makes for highly entertaining cinema, especially in the first half
I laughed many times at the absurdity of the script and the situations, and was then surprised to find myself dabbing my eyes a few minutes later when emotional truths suddenly kicked in. Everything works
Sorrow and darkness aren't far below the surface of this lovely comedy, which makes our laughter more agreeable, and more frequent.
Ricky Gervais has become a major international star. The British comic created and was the lead actor in the original British TV version of The Office (2006) and Extras (2007). He has won two Emmys and a Golden Globe. Now after a few bit parts his distinc
A delightful comedy with an edge of romance that is taken down a notch from its utterly drippy ending.
Koepp has no real feel for romantic whimsy.
The constant appearances of the almost-dead indicate how out of ideas this premise holds.
While it's true that romantic comedy is to fine film what a burger and fries is to gourmet dining, David Koepp has shown here that his directorial skills are considerable.
...it's to Gervais's credit that we wind up hoping the best for his character and cheering him on.
Ghost Town is given a significant boost by the presence of Gervais, whose caustic wit and no-nonsense demeanor provide the picture with more of an edge than it would have received with a more conventional leading man at the helm.
If, say, Tom Hanks had been cast in the lead rather than Rickey Gervais, "Ghost Town" would be "Wings of Desire" for the "You've Got Mail" crowd. Thankfully, it's more cantankerous.
This sharply written film grows on you with every frame.
Despite the high-concept premise, Ghost Town has a low-concept feel. The jokes are small, sly and sometimes gentle.
It is alternately tender, sad and smart. It's also very funny.
This just kind of fell flat.
Is he having a laugh?
Enjoyable as it is to see Gervais trying (and often succeeding) to make something of the mediocre dialogue, it's not enough.
Ricky Gervais and mainstream Hollywood rom-com are initially uneasy bedfellows but ultimately, and largely due to co-star Téa Leoni, it's a match made in its star's brand of comic purgatory.
The film's premise is high-concept Hollywood at its creakiest.
Ricky Gervais has carried off a proper, big Hollywood film; he may not be a natural, but he's done it without any hesitation or cultural cringe or apologetic foregrounding of his Britishness. He's cracked it.
And yet the film, while it gets so many of the smaller details right, including an ending that puts the corny closures of so many Hollywood romances to shame, never quite rings true.
Ultimately, it achieves that seemingly impossible task - a rom-com where the rom is sweet and poignant and the com is sophisticated and witty.
This is a schmaltzy romcom directed by blockbuster screenwriter David Koepp and held together by Ricky Gervais - an actor best known for cringy dancing arse boss David Brent.
Romcom of the year.
Ghost Town really is one of those movies that reminds you just how life-affirming a night at the cinema can be.
Gervais is funny again. Maybe because this isn't his script and his ad-libbing has been reined in.
It is so nearly a ghost-themed remake of Groundhog Day that you can't help but think how much more interesting it would have been reworked by Harold Ramis with Bill Murray in the lead role.
A warm, clever and often very funny film. On this showing, Gervais's assault on Hollywood looks winnable.
This isn't a fantastic story, or a particularly involving one, but in a market flooded with saccharine romcoms, its dry, dark wit is a breath of fresh air. Think Sixth Sense: the comedy.
This makes it certainly one of the best American comedies of the year. Belly laughs are hard to come by but the smiles are consistent throughout.
Ghost Town is a watchable comedy with several good laughs, but Gervais can't pull off a convincing nice guy act, so the emotional climax falls flat.
Just when the movie seems to be slipping into Hollywood maudlin mode, Gervais deftly tugs it away and into irony or absurdity. It's a relief he has survived Tinseltown sentimentalism.
A funny story with winning performances, and if you look closely, you might even find a surprisingly thoughtful message about grief.
Director David Koepp turns a ghost story into a less-than-great comedy.
Writer/director David Koepp has provided Gervais with the perfect vehicle for his quirky, sardonic wit as he plays the tactless and socially inept dentist Bertram Pincus who only wants to be left alone.
For a film that looks and feels au courant, Ghost Town could slip seamlessly into the rotation at Turner Classic Movies, an observation meant to be a compliment.
This charming film never quite got off the ground for me. I don't think it's worth a trip to the theater, but might make a better DVD rental.
The script, and [David] Koepp's sprightly direction, falter only slightly in the closing scenes.
Ghost Town stars one of the world's premier comedic talents in his first starring movie role, but misuses him to an alarming degree.
When I was watching this movie the other day and rethinking my way through it now, all I can recall is Gervais and some other people. He's that good as New York dentist Dr. Bertram Pincus.
The first half has some very good writing, but the film loses its center and wanders in its second half.
More of a romantic fantasy than a romantic comedy, "Ghost Town" may well prove to be the movie of the year for Those Who Believe.
The film would rather give us an earned smile than strain fruitlessly for a guffaw, and its humor is much more dialogue- and character-driven than goofy
Gervais' double-talking turn as Bertram, a morose Noel Coward figure in the body of Lou Costello, is consistenly hilarious and ultimately heart-warming.
Gervais' deadpan expression and sharp comic timing are good for, if not outright laughs, numerous chuckles, in this charming ghost story-meets-romantic comedy.
Ricky Gervais is such an unlikable misanthrope that this clumsy attempt at a redemptive comedy is as antipathetic as Gervais.
The twists are what make Ghost Town its very own dose of ectoplasmic antics.
Ricky Gervais is hilarious and heartwarming at the same time - no easy feat
Oh, look--a good movie.
It's terrific entertainment all the way around. Do yourself a favor. Go see it.
It should have been a comedic version of Quantum Leap or Sixth Sense, but instead we get a boring, unbelievable potential romance between Gervais and Leoni.
Gervais gives the movie its dose of cynicism, but he also pulls off the tricky task of convincing an audience to love a prickly bastard.
Ghost Town relies on Ricky Gervais' ability to play a rather mean lead character - until suddenly it doesn't.
It's Gervais' picture from first to last and in one fell swoop the movies have found a successor to the late Dudley Moore.
This misleadingly titled tale of a dentist who sees dead people attempts to be a supernatural romantic-comedy in the manner of the old TOPPER movies from the '30s.
While the overall story of Ghost Town could be considered a little stale, a rather amusing performance from Ricky Gervais and some crisp direction from David Koepp keeps this by-the-numbers romantic comedy from ever becoming dull.
Funny and heartwarming, this love letter to New York City's Upper East Side is refreshingly free of flashy special effects and paranormal gags.
After a trying week in which many of us suffered damage to our homes and others were still without power, Ghost Town will provide a wonderful boost, if just for a couple of hours.
Isn't bad by any means, but it is so low-key that it's rarely funny and difficult to get excited about.
...an amiable ghost story that uses its stars to good effect.
This Ricky Gervais vehicle is likely to work for you to the extent that you enjoy laughing at the insufferably stuffy Brit cliche he has practically perfected.
A sentimental comedy adept at evoking both smiles and tears.
Maybe Ricky Gervais is a funny guy, but you'd never know it from this charmless excuse for a supernatural romantic comedy, which doesn't have the first clue how to take advantage of his dry, tangential, self-deprecating wit.
Playing off each other brilliantly, Ricky Gervais and Greg Kinnear make their extreme-opposite characters quite believable here.
Director Koepp's funny script gets extra life from Ricky Gervais' inspired delivery.
Ricky Gervais makes Ghost Town thoroughly entertaining.
Because of wryly engaging Ricky Gervais, it's a funny crowd-pleaser that turns sentimental in all the right places.
There's a lot of familiar ground, brought to new life with the unique comedy styling that Gervais manages.
Funny but familiar, Koepp's comedy feels like a multiplex reincarnation -- we've seen this film before and back then we must have stepped on someone's toes
Koepp strangely captures the cheeky charm and chippy imagination of Ghost Town that could have been deemed just another faceless formulaic fantasy.
That pervasive sense of the humanistic, along with judicious use of, but not overreliance on, special effects and some exceptionally clever staging of actors...should earn Ghost Town some fast and furious word of mouth.
Ghost Town is a non-horror ghost movie dressed up as a comedy...Instead of seeing people hacked to death in formula fashion, they're bored to death in the same style.
Ghost Town is a fantasy charmer, from its tight cast and excellent soundtrack to its complex characters and soulful climax.
Naturally, Koepp makes it his business to redeem this unpleasant character and recast him as an acceptable stand-in for a romantic lead. But cynics should not despair; it's not a complete makeover.
It's enlivened by the performance of Ricky Gervais as Bertram Pincus, a latter-day Scrooge for whom the living are no less annoying than the dead.
Ghost Town has plenty of the kind of supernatural hijinks that you'd expect from a plot about the haunting, needy dead, but it also has something to say about how to live.
The best part of the movie is watching Gervais and Leoni delight in each other in scenes that burst with spontaneity and genuine warmth.
Sure, it's a light comedy, but it effectively achieves what it sets out to do: amuse us and tug on our heartstrings. And best of all, it's written, directed and acted with intelligence and wit.
The film works as a showcase for Gervais, who plays an oddly likable jerk with surprising subtlety.
Through it all there always shone this subtle, gleeful naughty schoolboy charm, not quite a full-on wink at the audience, but a tacit acknowledgement that sometimes even total jerks can exhibit an endearing charm.
Ghost Town isn't terrible; if it were on TV, I'd watch it. But it's a couple of steps away from being good, and many more steps away from being as good as the movies and plays it swipes from.
Fans of Gervais' awkward, caustic brand of humor should be pleased to see him in a big Hollywood movie that'll make him more of a household name.
Ghost Town, a romantic comedy about the living and the dead coming to terms with each other, is both very funny and a bit of a tearjerker, with an on-the-money performance from Ricky Gervais and a nice feeling for New York in fall.
Leoni and Gervais are wonderful together, as much for the ways in which they wobble against each other as for the ways they ultimately mesh.
Leoni seems genuinely delighted by Gervais, cracking up with a gusto that never seems rehearsed.
It is the chemistry between Leoni and Gervais that makes this film the great romantic comedy that it is.
'Ghost Town'may turn out to be the feel good movie of the year.
Although ghost hijinks are a very Hollywood way of dealing with the subject, the twists are executed superbly, right up to a climax that fits the David Mamet definition of what makes for a perfect ending: It is both surprising and inevitable.
Leave it to the unfailingly brilliant Gervais to breathe new life into an expiring genre.
The painfully awkward, stubby Gervais as romantic lead is a funny enough concept, but the actor's ongoing banter with Kinnear is engaging, and their styles mesh entertainingly.
Gervais is a master of the flustered broken thought, and Koepp takes full advantage in scenes that pit Pincus against a distracted doctor (a droll Kristen Wiig) and an imposingly large dog.
The sharp comic timing and the offbeat chemistry of Ricky Gervais, Greg Kinnear and TÃ (C)a Leoni keep Ghost Town afloat.
Striking just the right balance between sarcastic and sweet, Ghost Town breathes new life into supernatural comedy.
Ghost Town works so well you just want to sit back and say 'Ahhhh.'
While he's seeing dead people, we're witnessing nothing less than the breakthrough role of Hollywood's next comic mega-star.
With lesser talent in front of the camera or a heavier hand behind it, the film might have crashed with a thud.
An innovative romantic comedy that is a mixture of British spice and American sugar.
Gervais' limey tartness neatly complements the professional carbonated sparkle of Kinnear and Leoni.
A friendly little piffle of a movie, Ghost Town nevertheless serves as a fine and funny introduction to Ricky Gervais for American audiences.
It's not just that Gervais isn't your typical leading guy. He's not, and bravo. It's more that Koepp and Gervais hold tight to Bertram's unpleasantness and human clumsiness after most other films would have winked at their intentions.
As Ghost Town reminds us, there's nothing wrong with formula filmmaking - as long as it's done with smarts and style. Indeed, formulaic doesn't have to be shorthand for lazy, obvious and uninspired.
Gervais, a British actor whose work on television is legion, has at last found a leading role in a feature, and it's a good one.
In this comedy by David Koepp, Gervais handles the big, crowd-pleasing gags with aplomb, though the only scenes that approach the edgy wit of his TV work are those he shares with fellow improvisers Aasif Mandvi and Kristen Wiig.
It's a smooth journey across familiar territory to a safe emotional harbor, always professional and occasionally delightful.
Someone once said about W.C. Fields that he had the rare ability to despise amusingly. I can imagine no greater compliment than to say that Ricky Gervais seems, at his best, like a young Fields.
The fun of Ghost Town starts with the title and doesn't end until the final line.
This is one of those performances where you find yourself imaging the film without the star, and truth be told if that were the case I can pretty much say with absolute certainty I would not have cared for it had he not been there.
Skillful and subtle, with enough hilarity to match its equally ample heart, Ghost Town is the Fall's sunniest surprise.
...a pre-worn romantic comedy formula enlivened by some spirited performances.
...there are no real surprises. But the incomparable Gervais, buoyed by a sharp supporting cast, lends the potentially cloying story a nice vinegary tang.
Quibbles about the film ultimately are as unimportant as a bit of undigested beef, a blot of mustard or a crumb of cheese: 'Ghost Town' is for real.
Ghost Town had the exact feel as every other flick where a dead person talks to the living but what sets it apart is Ricky Gervais' hilarious performance.
With three strong leads finding depth underneath their respective comedic masks, this isn't your usual 'spirited' rom-com. Like the dentist himself, it stands alone.
Gervais may be alone in remembering that this kind of movie is actually supposed to be funny.
The comic voice of Ricky Gervais comes through loud and clear, and Koepp's vision of a classical Hollywood comedy creates a confluence not only of great performers but of considerable wit and heart.
Sweet and heart-warming without being overly saccharine and smart without forcing one's brain to work too hard ... one of those rare feel-good comedies that actually makes you feel good.
The script is over-long and clunky and the visuals are claustrophobic and sit-com-ish. But Gervais and Leoni are so completely charming that they make it work.
Ghost Town" is given a bit of bite by Gervais... It's not destined to be a classic, but it is one that will make you laugh...
[Ricky] Gervais underplays the boorishness and the reflexive humor that charms [Tea] Leoni... and their byplay gives the unlikely relationship a ghost of a chance of working.
Some of the moving parts squeak, especially toward the end. But it's still largely a pleasure.
It's as if Rosie O'Donnell tried to slip into a Carrie Underwood-sized teeny weeny bikini instead of a tasteful one piece. Not enough material.
British comic Ricky Gervais can play assholes the way Yo-Yo Ma can play the cello.
quickly shifts into standard operating procedure and comedy is swallowed by template
The fall movie season achieves comic liftoff thanks to Ricky Gervais, a master of deadpan hilarity playing a dentist who sees dead people.
It makes good on the cliché 'it'll make you laugh; it'll make you cry' by providing clever comedy and stock sentimentality without feeling tired.
While this idea is as ridiculous as the premise behind countless horror films, that Ghost Town plays it for laughs makes it more spirited than one might expect.
Derailed by a romantic subplot, Ghost Town fails to make use of the dead as proper comedic fodder.
It's surprisingly charming and oddly romantic, though it does have a couple of questionable moments as well.
If the film is little more than Gervais' attempt to break out of the "cult following" category and find some mainstream American success, more power to him. He deserves it, and Ghost Town is an auspicious start.
It's a consistently funny comedy that exactly captures Gervais' gift for playing self-centered jerks with a barely visible softer side.
Ostensibly a comedy, but one in which the (normally) brilliantly funny Ricky Gervais is more dull than he is droll, Ghost Town takes a familiar formula and goes nowhere with it.
Pretty much everything about this afterlife comedy is straight-from-the-shelf save for Gervais, typically hilarious as a misanthrope who organizes his work and his private life so he doesn't have to talk to anyone.
If there must be another go-around with the guilt-ridden dead trying to correct their errant ways, I'll take Jennifer Love Hewitt. It's shallow, but, then again, so is Ghost Town.
Who knew The Sixth Sense could have been such a disarming romantic comedy?
A hilarious comic fantasy about ghosts, misanthropy, and a spiritual take on sneezes.
A delightful antidote to the comedic excesses of the season, Ghost Town is smart, sexy fun that should leave no doubt (if there was any) that Ricky Gervais is among the funniest men in film.
Comedy is sweet, but a little short on romance.
Ricky Gervais is a genius.
You can only wander down this comic road for so long. Once you've run through a few sight gags, you have to go somewhere else with this old-fashioned, high-concept premise.
The last two lines of dialogue may be the best kicker I've heard in a movie this year.
By the time this imperfect little film wends its way to one of the most winning exit lines I've heard in a long time, it's turned into something, well, perfectly lovely.
Gervais's steady stream of cutting bon mots and regular bouts of indignant stammering keep Ghost Town more dry and sharp than broad and squishy.
A comedy that's genuinely funny without being gross, and genuinely warm without becoming maudlin, a winning combination of sour and sweet that's both tasty and satisfying
A resolutely mainstream comedy that just barely gets by on Gervais' sarcastic humor and prickly charm.
Ghost Town is diverting enough, but it's also the kind of high-concept studio concoction Ricky Gervais might have ridiculed in his great backstage-showbiz sitcom Extras.
Ghost Town's unwillingness to escape from a safe orbit keeps the movie trapped in mediocrity.
Gervais just owns this movie.
It takes a good while for Ricky Gervais to warm up in Ghost Town; it takes even longer for the audience to warm up to Ricky Gervais.
Funny, warm, and comfortable, there is nothing beyond some nitpicks to object to, and it's easy to be swept along by its good nature
A tenderhearted, charming comedy which should at last wake the world up to the immense, raw talent of one Ricky Gervais.
Ricky Gervais is lethally funny talking to dead people in his big-screen debut as a leading man.
...the movie remains watchable even through the sporadic lulls within the narrative, something that's due almost entirely to Gervais' almost ridiculously entertaining performance.
Who knew that Ricky Gervais could play such a likable leading man?
I [have] a little crush on Ghost Town and I'll stand by it as one of the best surprises of 2008.
A charming date film for adults: Koepp makes a quantum leap forward as helmer of a whimsically supernatural romantic fable that borrows elements from Blithe Spirit, Topper, Heaven Can Wait, and Ghost yet impresses as a work with its own quirky sensibility
This lower-key effort offers up a winning mix of sharp comedy and touching bits that keeps the laughter -- a few tears -- flowing.
Smartly supernatural, and featuring sensational performances by Ricky Gervais and Tea Leoni, Ghost Town is a Topper for our times.
A gloriously entertaining, deliciously funny and genuinely moving film, Ghost Town deserves to be seen and savored.
[Makes] the best of its strong cast and attractive New York locations.





@highlight

Ricky Gervais' consistently sharp performance and beautifully dry execution transform this otherwise mainstream comedy into an endearing, funny, and altogether snappy romantic comedy. With ghosts.