... the pacing of this Sara Colangelo-directed film is far too sluggish to maintain my attention.
If this story seems inorganic, or in any case less authentic than its well-observed atmosphere, at least the storyteller has seen and seized an opportunity. Here's hoping she'll have more.
If Little Accidents never feels quite comfortable in its own skin, it's still evidence of a filmmaker who should have a lot to offer once she gets more secure in her (considerable) abilities.
A strong start. A nice finish. But, a little lacking in the middle. Still, there's plenty to like about "Little Accidents."
Colangelo doesn't make it easy, but she doesn't cheapen the viewing experience, preserving the delicate observational atmosphere of her accomplished directorial debut.
Despite some strong performances, the potentially intriguing set of blue-collar characters isn't explored with much depth.
Slow, somber drama about secrets has drinking, language.
As much as my conscience wanted to empathize with the characters, my taste only wanted to be rid of them.
Nothing feels forced in this movie, which is testament to Colangelo's skill as well as the cast's. You believe the coal dust on these people; you grieve for their secrets.
Little Accidents paints a vivid portrait of a community facing an imminent existential crisis.
To her credit, the writer-director tries for complexity. Now if she can just get the storytelling to match the quality of the filmmaking, I suspect there will be fewer little accidents.
Owen tries with lurching uncertainty to ease back into normal, even as the writer and director Sara Colangelo clutters his path with enough obstacles to challenge the most heroically determined traveler.
Colangelo's directorial prowess is evident through her beautifully framed shots and the strong performances she elicited from her actors. Put her down as a filmmaker to watch, as you watch her debut film.
There's a quiet desperation to all the lives depicted in writer-director Sara Colangelo's assured indie about a West Virginia mining accident that upends everyone in town.
"Little Accidents" is a serious movie, but, to its credit, it's never entirely bleak. Revealing the truth always remains an option, just waiting to set the characters free.
This well-intentioned melodrama creates a number of potentially compelling figures, only to shove them into contrived corners that undermine the film's sense of authenticity.
In her artful feature film debut, writer-director Sara Colangelo deftly avoids the hillbilly stereotypes as well as movie-of-the-week territory with compelling characters who struggle with their own lies and grief.
With a strikingly unflinching eye, newcomer Sara Colangelo astutely adapts her 2010 short into an evocative feature, beautifully capturing the impact a series of random tragedies can have on a community.
...the result is an intriguing web of secrets, even if she doesn't quite stick the landing.
All of these characters are in pain, and Colangelo never lets the audience forget it, since she's directed everyone to wear similar brooding expressions and walk around as if this screwed-up world and its many adversities are a constant weight.
Little Accidents works as a showcase for a fine ensemble, but writer/director Sara Colangelo fails to build the drama to an emotionally satisfying finish.
A promising feature-film debut by writer-director Sara Colangelo that never quite rises above its dreary blue-collar ambience but reluctantly holds interest throughout, like a foghorn searching through mist to find a ray of light.
This is a bleak and bitter movie, but it knows the way forward, if not the quickest way to get there.
Little Accidents strikes the mournful tone of grand tragedy, but the dramatic notes fall flat.
A solid story and setting and some good performances, all wasted in an emotionally barren mine country melodrama
All the secrets, lies, and consequences feel as authentic as the Appalachian milieu, but the film lacks the memorable idiosyncrasy of a River's Edge, or more fittingly, the myth-making lyricism of Matewan.
A small-town tragedy leads to moral crises on all sides in Sara Colangelo's Little Accidents, a sober drama that makes class central to the story without ever sounding like it has an agenda.
A movingly authentic exploration of a working-class milieu and the psychological and economic trauma that ripples through a town in the wake of a tragic accident.
Colangelo opts for unearned resolution, and cuts to neat and tidy black rather than dealing truthfully with the messy consequences that truth-telling can bring.
The performances of Holbrook and Lofland, in particular, remain utterly superb throughout, which leaves you hoping much more will be seen of these rising stars in the years to come.
A well-acted, thoroughly involving drama set in a small West Virginia town in the wake of a mining disaster that has killed ten men.
Sara Colangelo's sombre drama is a promising first feature.
A sensitive and well-meaning but rather ordinary melodrama that wouldn't have seemed out of place as a network movie-of-the-week circa 1985.

@highlight

Little Accidents has good intentions -- and a talented cast, led by Elizabeth Banks -- but it drowns them under dour melodrama.