The future is a touchable, understandable place, the physical sensations of which we already know in our hearts and guts, hence its draw to people who're looking ahead with no small amount of discomfort.
[Children of Men] is terribly exciting.
Cuarón is implementing a verisimilitude that both matches the film's edge-of-your-seat escalations and demonstrates a new understanding of blockbuster realism.
Children of Men founders in its latter moments -- not a lot, but enough. Its failure is less one of plot than of something deeper, a composing idea to undergird the plot.
A film that has much to recommend it, not least the proof it offers, as if any more were needed, that Alfonso Cuarón is one of the most visually inspired directors working today.
Here is your post-holiday depression pill: Children of Men. Not to relieve depression. To cause it.
Children of Men is so boldly told, so thought out, so infused with the joy of filmmaking, that it's absolutely exhilarating. It's one of the best movies of the past year.
Alfonso Cuaron stages some terrific set-pieces, and the production designers deserve credit for making London in 2027 look like the grunge capital of the world, ie, like now, only more so. One small problem: I didn't believe any of it.
P.D. James's novel must have made more sense than Cuarón's cheerful but incoherent screen adaptation.
You really are immersed into this believable world of the future.
If its backdrop and story never quite coalesce into a satisfying whole, then the film is saved by its sheer imaginative verve and by the terrific chase and battle sequences.
For all Cuarón's expertise in whipping up his film's elements into a pungent and frightening stew, the movie's technical brilliance can be blinding. The story and characters remain all but skeletal.
And yet... And yet... For all its fine parts, Children Of Men is somehow less than the sum.
If you thought the battle scenes in... Saving Private Ryan were tough going, the final 20 minutes of Children of Men will not only shake you, they'll have you revising your expectations about just how realistic cinematic portrayals of combat can get.
Ultimately grimy, both in subject matter and visually, thanks to set designers Jim Clay and Geoffrey Kirkland), the picture is frightening and powerful.
Cuaron doesn't treat his future world like fictitious science fiction. He seems to be saying that our current paths will lead to an apocalypse not unlike this one.
Children of Men is like an elongated episode of Doctor Who for adults, without the funny bits, David Tennant's oozy charm and the ironic sense of its own fundamental silliness.
By letting his film lapse into a standard action movie, Cuaron I think has suffered a regrettable failure of imagination.
Fortunately, the film rarely slows down long enough to proselytize, especially in the hellish refugee-camp climax, a horrid polyglot of ceaseless conflict that could be any war zone on the planet.
It's a disturbing tale that is exceptionally uncomfortable to watch because it's almost believable in spite of how ludicrous it first appears.
Owen delivers one of his best performances as a lifeless man, whose activist spirit is unexpectedly reignited by his contact with Kee.
Classic dystopian British science fiction that draws powerful and moving parallels to the state of the world.
[Alfonso Cuaron] proves again what a versatile and talented director he is.
Powerhouse dystopian chase film/thriller/political statement from Alfonso Cuarón.
The stark triumph of Children of Men lies in how its visceral vérité style brings the realities of a War on Terror fought in distant lands crashing back onto British soil.
Children of Men presents a chillingly believable version of the future. It will stay with you long after the end credits fade.
In Children of Men, the astonishing director Alfonso Cuarón has created a menacing future-shock thriller. And his scenes of a sinking England are too plausible for the good of your nerves.
Children of Men will certainly keep your interest and has some fascinating ideas, but in the end is nothing more than just a good genre flick.
Children of Men is a thoughtful shoot-'em-up adventure, and a good one.
Gripping, violent look at the future. Adults only.
For all its dystopian, violent fury, "Children of Men's" grace distinguishes itself the most - an all-encompassing embrace of humanity, community and perseverance and an optimistic ending that doesn't feel at all like a cheat.
A major message to be taken from Children of Men is that the miracle of child birth cannot be taken for granted. At the end, though, it is felt that without hope, without faith, then what is there to live for?
A special film by a gifted filmmaker.
Few recent films have so stunned me in segments, and so frustrated me as a whole
Cuaron asks us to find hope in a grim nativity story where a reluctant hero and scared would-be mother try to find shelter in a land that desperately needs a newborn savior.
[Includes] the most exciting and emotionally exhausting car chase since The French Connection.
Children of Men is a glorious mess. It's a Frankenstein monster of a movie. Part sci-fi, part thriller, part action genre, part religious allegory, it flays and lumbers after meaning-- sending off occasional sparks of style.
Children of Men succeeds as a downbeat dystopian thriller with some intriguing themes.
Cuarón delights in marshaling his showpieces, like the finer details of Jim Clay and Geoffrey Kirkland's just-futuristic-enough production design, or, especially, camera operator George Richmond's agile enactment of Emmanuel Lubezki's moody cinematography
This is an astounding piece of work - easily one of the best films of 2006.
I was entranced by this movie. Hypnotized. Spellbound. In a thrall. The final quarter of the film is nothing short of an evolutionary leap forward in filmmaking.
A compelling and haunting look at a dystopian England.
Cuaron fulfills the promise of futuristic fiction; characters do not wear strange costumes or visit the moon, and the cities are not plastic hallucinations, but look just like today, except tired and shabby.
It does the job, it does it well, and the fact that it's being called a masterpiece for doing so speaks unwell of the current state of movies.
There are enough ideas here that the film's never boring, and Mr. Cuarón's bravura direction is thrilling from start to finish.
Top-notch suspense, intense action and totally believable sci-fi combine to make Children of Men gripping and a big winner.
Goes beyond words in excellence...
The very soul of the film scoffs at the expectation of being conventional or formulaic.
As uncertain and spontaneous as its events are in the moment, Children of Men feels too tightly wound for its own good.
he only thing that strikes a false note here is...the final sequence (and a sound heard over the closing credits)... Otherwise a perfect film.
Director Alfonso Cuarón's stunning big-screen version of the P.D. James novel Children of Men is one of the best pictures of 2006.
What makes CHILDREN OF MEN so exciting and such a wonder is Cuarón's strong direction and the expert cinematography of Emmanuel Luzbecki.
An apocalyptic thrill ride that is as gritty as it is gripping, with a dark terror outgunned only by its daring humanity.
Children of Men feels more relevant than almost every film set in the present day and is better than almost every other film made this year.
Un brillante relato cinematográfico ejecutado con maestría, pero sobre todo una sombría visión del futuro que es en realidad una inquietante metáfora del mundo de hoy.
Why this film didn't receive Oscar recognition for Best Picture, tells you more about the Academy's shortcomings than this picture's.
A thought-provoking glimpse into a desperate future where infertility has spawned violence. This compelling narrative redfines the post-apocalyptic genre.
You feel as if you're accompanying a war photographer who's lost a bet. Slogging unflinchingly through humanity's worst hours, the movie laces the narrative's forays into science-fiction grandstanding with a gut-wrenching dynamic.
This is filmmaking of swaggering virtuosity.
Director Alfonso Cuaron delivers some truly bravura sequences that raise this loose P.D. James adaptation to the level of exhilarating filmmaking.
I have to confess that at times I was so flabbergasted by the incredible camerawork and long shots, I forgot to listen to the story. I loved it.
There is something satisfying about a movie that forces you to hang onto it %u2013 one where the impact grows greater the more you think about it.
Il s'est rarement fait film dénonçant l'incertitude par rapport à notre avenir sur cette planète ainsi que la barbarie et l'égoïsme de l'être humain plus direct et percutant
Immensely thought-provoking and chillingly insightful...a resilient sci-fi fantasy that dares to contemplate the fate of mankind's chaotic impulsiveness.
I did get caught up in Theo's struggle, and Owen and Caine's great performances kept me hanging in to see the outcome of the film.
The startling offhandedness with which tidings of the apocalypse are delivered is the keynote of this bracing, sometimes shocking new film.
What the narrative demands, and what Cuaron provides, is moral ambiguity and a teasing hopefulness that suggests the possibility of redemption.This is quite an achievement.
If Children of Men sometimes oversteps in its political imagery, perhaps pushing current issues a little too pressingly, it never feels anything less than enthralling.
'I went to see Children of Men today, and I need you to help explain it to me,' partially went the message, from a rather film-literate Eastern seaboarder.
What I find particularly irksome about it is its pseudo-humanism and its calculating political correctness.
Alfonso Cuarón's futuristic adventure derives its power from a premise as potent and primal as they come
... A work of science fiction that bears a disturbing resemblance to the facts of today.
Invigorating in its ideas and style, Children of Men conceives a dystopian future, but its questions are just as relevant to our modern lives.
There's nothing like a doomsday movie to start off the new year, I always say.
It's a hell of a setup, and for the most part Cuaron and company deliver on that promise.
One of the year's best films.
Cuaron manages to pack a lot of incident into this exciting tale.
Call it dystopian or future shocking, but Children of Men is nothing more than a sensational cinematic allegory as bona fide art.
A speculative "what if?" take on human nature taunts Children of Men with the pretense of great science fiction.
... this ugly world of racism, violence and homeland security gone mad is a more likely futuristic scenario than a world in which shared humanity and peace reign supreme.
Children of Men is depressing as hell, but it's also a helluva good movie. 28 Days Later meets V for Vendetta with, thankfully, more in common with the former.
The director and I agree on the future. Though mine doesn't have a hopeful ending.
It's simply must-see filmmaking all the way around -- as art, as entertainment, as social commentary.
Yes, kids, Children of Men is one of those bleakly futuristic "In a World" movies, a genre that's constantly reproducing itself in the semi-infantile world of adult movies.
There are no more children left in the world! A world where Pixar gives up movies for CG-animated Select Comfort Sleep-Number Bed commercials.
Welcome to the new year, folks, and welcome to Alfonso Cuaron's superb "Children of Men," which is one of 2006's best.
The gripping Children of Men doesn't kid around.
This is a film that had a great deal potential, but got too involved in its action scenes.
Cuaron and company do a splendid job of putting the viewer smack dab in the center of the action.
The future looks bleak in Children of Men, a sci-fi thriller that has less to do with the plot -- centering on a world where disease has left all the women sterile -- than with the director's vision of where our culture is headed.
It's a wow.
Little-known fact: Alfonso Cuarón is The Man.
As much as it is invigorating visually and moving emotionally, the film does turn at last on this familiar device, the damaged white man in need of spiritual and ideological fixing.
Children of Men so thoroughly captivates visually that one can forgive the film's tendency to explain itself only vaguely.
Children of Men has been brilliantly adapted from a sci-fi novel by P.D. James and offers echoes of other literate, futuristic satires.
Cuaron is known as a humanist/pictorialist (The Little Princess, Y Tu Mama Tambien), but he does exceedingly well here with action and violence, turning rudimentary car-chases into something that feels alive and reinvented.
A superior sci-fi thriller and the best doomsday drama since 28 Days Later.
Director Alfonso Cuaron has exactingly deployed his craft in a depressingly single-minded fashion to create a single-mindedly depressing work of art.
The most eye-popping and moving drama of the season.
Despite the bleakness of its vision, Children of Men is also thrilling, both for its groundbreaking style (there are action sequences here unlike any filmed before) and its complex, vividly realized ideas.
Cuarón does lowdown takes on high concept better than anyone; no matter what genre he touches, he brings grit and loose-limbed humor along with the hand-held camera jangles.
Darkly poetic throughout, the film starts with an explosion and ends drifting in fog with no clear resolution in sight. How brave and oddly satisfying.
Fasten your seat belt; you're in for a bumpy, provocative ride.
Children of Men is a chillingly effective cautionary fable that provides provocative social commentary, but it also works as a compassionate character drama.
You can see it now or wait 20 years until the movie has found a niche among equally visionary movies that have the capacity to compel, alarm and shake things up.
Based on a novel by British mystery writer P.D. James, Children of Men is a filmmaking feat. In the midst of mayhem, director Alfonso Cuaron delivers subtle and jarring images, while exploring complex emotional rhythms.
A rare combination of intelligent social commentary and riveting action - a chase movie for the thinking person.
This fascinating portrait of the future is one of the best-directed films of the year.
Utterly convincing in the density of its street-level detail and occasionally awe-inspiring in the bravado of its complicated action sequences...
The miracle of Cuarón's films is that he presents the sanctity of our feelings for our children in ways as rugged, terrifying, and unsentimental as childhood.
...a lot better in its specific realizations of what chaos and murder must look, sound and feel like than in offering anything of lasting sustenance.
...a fascinating 'what if' that plays out with devastating effect.
Owen makes Theo into the type of modern hero moviegoers want to see today.
The most frightening science-fiction films... take identifiable situations and circumstances and give them an extra, ominous edge. By that standard, 'Children of Men' is one of the scariest films in years...
Cuaron is a visual genius.
[A] dark, terrifying and sometimes very funny film.
A stylish mish-mash of dystopian clichés.
one of the best science fiction films in the past few years.
At times the film is so supercharged that it glosses over the story's thematic richness and turns into a very high-grade action picture. But if that's the worst thing you can say about a movie, you're doing all right.
Cuarón also pulls us deep into the engrossing universe he has created. There is a stark absence of gadget porn in this futuristic adventure; the most advanced device we see is a video game, innovation at its most trivial.
The story, despite its nominally fascinating nature, never barrels forth the way it needs to. It plods. How a director as versatile and inventive as Cuarón managed that is a mystery greater than any found in the film.
It's as if Cuaron sees a future so hellish that all of us retreat into our self-absorbed worlds, leaving society at large to go hang itself. That's a nightmarish vision indeed.
The year is 2027. Famine and pestilence rage unchecked. Infertility is rampant, and the world's youngest person has died at 18. Worst of all, the movies are dull.
As all his films have shown, Cuarón is clearly one of the most original filmmakers working today, and Children of Men should solidify his place at the top of those ranks. With a great script, there should be no stopping him.
Thrilling, important, and invigoratingly bleak, Children of Men is one of the very best movies to come out in 2006.
A sublime visionary achievement that not only outdoes Cuarón's previous high-water mark, Y Tu Mamá También, but also manages to rank with other dystopian masterworks.
A disturbing glimpse of what would happen in the world if women stopped bearing children, Alfonso Cuaron's harrowing "Children of Men" manages to effectively convey the paranoia and despair of a humanity that is about to be extinguished.
There's so much despair and anger and grief layered just into the background of Alfonso Cuarón's film that I can't shake its gray grimness -- I've been haunted by this film for weeks now...
The human race's sudden infertility is unexplained, and that's okay. It's a device, a metaphor for the loss of hope in the face of destruction, a more aggressive extension of today's global issues.
Easy to watch and hard to shake, Children of Men is an action-adventure film/socio-political nightmare.
With this panting, ragged chase through the end of the world, Cuarón and Lubezski have reinvented the language of the action film.
Dystopian take on a world without children that includes pointed to current abuses in the "war on terror" and the xenophobia gripping Great Britain and other countries.
Even if you don't buy the main conceit, the scumbled texture of the movie makes it feel not just plausible but recognizable, and Cuarón takes care never to paint the future as consolingly different.
This is how humanity ends ... annihilated not all at once, but piecemeal, slowly ground to bits between the codependent ideologies of terror and fascism.
Owen's compelling performance combined with Cuaron's inspired sense of doom makes Children of Men thought-provoking at a time when science fact is doing the job that science fiction once did at the movies.
What an amazing and thought-provoking film!
Narratively, the film may be an uneasy blend of genres, but technically it's brilliant, with lengthy set pieces-- staged and shot in gritty style with handheld camera by ace lenser Emmanuel Lubezki and his team--that should serve as textbook material.
Fans of the novel may argue about Cuarón's many departures. Some heighten the story's connections to present-day crises; others cloud James' moral vision.
[A] bloated adaptation of P.D. James's thoughtful, compact novel.
While it's best to know as little as possible about this movie going into the theater, the story is so fast-paced that you won't be thinking about this review or any other.
In Cuarón's highly-skilled hands, Children of Men continuously threatens to develop into something more fascinating than it is.
The picture is a conceptual muddle. Fortunately, Cuarón is such a talented filmmaker that the movie is interesting on other levels.
A second viewing, which Children of Men richly rewards, deepens our understanding.
There's nothing like a little doom and gloom to ring in the Holidays.
I did enjoy the film overall, but didn't get bowled over by it as so many other fans have.
There is a genuine feel, in the film's look, of a world on the brink of total collapse.
Alfonso Cuaron's Children of Men is the best film of 2006.
Cuaron's script, co-written with Timothy J. Sexton, is incredibly tight, Owen is palpably comfortable in Theodore's skin, and the issues of immigration and cultural ambivalence that the film centers on are more than compelling.
Filming Children of Men as if it were a war documentary enhances its urgency, but Cuarón allows quieter moments to disturb us as well.
This is sort of "Brazil" without the intentional surrealism.
This is real movie magic... We know they can create anything in CGI, make anything happen with tricky editing and the like. To actually take that out of an equation may not be obvious to everyone, but it registers.
More amusing than compelling, like a campy episode of Lost in Space where anything goes and nothing makes sense. Oh dear! Oh dear!
This is a heart-thumping thriller with two of the most exciting chase scenes since The Matrix Reloaded. But it is also a thoughtful, provocative, and complex film, each shot packed with details, each scene packed with ideas.
Confusion reigns supreme in this preachy and pretentious picture.
Children of Men is one of those very rare movies that actually improves the book upon which it is based.
Children of Men is worth seeing, if for no other reason than the gorgeous vision of the end of the world Cuarón has crafted and, as mentioned earlier, some of the most unreal single-take action sequences ever committed to screen.
An audacious, exhilarating futuristic thriller.
Cuaron has once again proven that he is a filmmaker to be reckoned with in both technical prowess and keen, quiet observance
Full-throttle futuristic thriller - a whopper of a heart-kicker!
Children of Men, the superbly directed political thriller by Alfonso Cuarón, may be something of a bummer, but it's the kind of glorious bummer that lifts you to the rafters.
Even in a picture where the smallest gears all work perfectly and harmoniously, Emmanuel Lubezki's cinematography is a unifying and galvanizing force.
The screenplay, which differs significantly from the novel, is uneven, but the distorted mirror it holds up to the present is disturbingly clear.
This dystopian masterpiece of misery kept me wound up for hours after the credits rolled.
As exciting and disturbing as it is in many ways, Children of Men -- based on a novel by P.D. James -- doesn't add up to a credible alternate view of the near-future.
Although imperfect, it's engaging, thought-provoking stuff.
Men presents a provocative proposition, because it is not all that far-fetched in our age of environmental degradation and the potential it has to wreak havoc. The film is also that rare thing, one that entertains even as it leaves you thinking.
Cuarón relies on his ample visual style, and he has indeed created a film you cannot tear your eyes away from.
It's a masterwork on every level -- storytelling, production design, camera work, acting and photography.
The story is strong enough, but it's the atmosphere, thick with matter-of-fact doom and guerrilla warfare, that gives the film its quickened pulse.
The film is a triumph of direction, a collection of long takes so carefully planned out that it seems as if Cuaron had very little work to do in the editing room.
It's a sophisticated notion handled fairly deftly in what might be the first film of the 21st century to ponder the end of humanity as it is most likely to occur: slowly with lots of time to think about it.
What makes Children work is that camera and the staging of all the physical insanity its lens captures.
It's definitely worth setting aside your urge for lightweight escapism and diving into this heavy, provocative tale, set so closely to our times and so recognizably an extension of our world that it offers an intriguing chance for reflection.
Everything comes together in Children of Men, from Owen's white-knuckled performance to the eclectic soundtrack.
This is an extraordinary artistic breakthrough from a Mexican director who was already fearlessly good to begin with.
A genuine thrill ride with a soul.
An immersive, transporting experience, both devastating and hopeful, and a film that is emotionally, intellectually, and viscerally exhilarating.
Children of Men is about a miracle. Children of Men is, itself, a miracle. It's a movie that can single-handedly remove the scales of cynicism from your eyes, reminding you of what wonders cinema is capable.
Where some directors might have opted for making a sci-fi action film with flashy chase scenes, nifty futuristic special effects and gadgetry, and artsy camera angles, Cuarón ... holds up a mirror to our own worldview, reflecting back to us what we bring
Now this is a nativity story.
It's still a lot of fun but it's not as deep and heavy as it probably thinks it is.
[Children of Men] benefits from Cuarón's visual virtuosity -- in his hands, it carries a jaw-dropping immediacy.
Children of Men works as a science-fiction parable, as a social commentary, as an action film, and as a character study. But mostly it works as pure cinematic experience.
it understands the problems we're undoubtedly going to have to face but it also sees the hope that these challenges will no doubt bring out in some individuals
Cuaron is proving to be the real thing. It's tremendously exciting to watch.
A consistently tense, demanding and altogether exhilarating experience, an instant new classic of the sci-fi genre.
Cautionary tale and thriller rolled into one, it is a terrifying vision of the future, all the more gripping for ringing so true.
Though in terms of atmosphere it's a gripping exercise in modern Orwellianism, it's less well realized in human terms.
Alfonso Cuaron, a master craftsman, creates a unique and totally original vision of this not-too-distant future. It's harrowing.
Children of Men is a heartbreaking, bullet-strewn valentine to what keeps us human.
The story, based on P.D. James' novel, grabs you at first, but its grip slackens as the unanswered questions and murky plot developments add up.
An exhilarating sci-fi action thriller with a powerful social and political message.
Cuarón's Children of Men is a formidably distinguished piece of pop filmmaking.
This is one of the best movies of the whole year. And likely one of the best of next year, too.
Instantly up to speed and powered by that rarest of cinematic fuels -- intelligent action -- Children of Men is a nativity story for the ages, this or any other.
My problem with the film was expecting too much, because it kept telling me to expect more.
Director Alfonso Cuarón takes his career to a whole other level here. He expertly preys on our doomsday fears, punctuating scenes with the harsh sounds and images of war we've already heard and seen on the nightly news.
Outside of Black Christmas -- and aren't we all planning on staying outside of Black Christmas? -- this is probably the feel-not-so-great movie of the holiday season. But if you're in the proper, semi-dark mood, it's a gritty gem.
Is Children of Men for everyone? I don't know. I haven't asked everyone. I can only say it was for me, and that I found its vision of the future gripping--and hopeful, ultimately.
The film gradually devolves into action-adventure, then the equivalent of a war movie. But the filmmaking is pungent throughout, and the first half hour is so jaw-dropping in its fleshed-out extrapolation that Cuaron earns the right to coast a bit.
One of the year's most invigorating and adept pieces of filmmaking.
Alfonso Cuarón's grim, stark vision of the future is one of the most amazing and original films of its kind.
One of the most technically brilliant and thematically layered films of the year.
A breathtaking and original embodiment of the purity of a child, and the absolute necessity of knowing that life goes on.
Alfonso Cuaron rides it out to the bitter end, creating a harsh mirror of our future with violence and some of the most purely exhilarating moments of cinema to be found in all of 2006.
Made with palpable energy, intensity and excitement, it compellingly creates a world gone mad that is uncomfortably close to the one we live in. It is a Blade Runner for the 21st century, a worthy successor to that epic of dystopian decay.
Children of Men, Alfonso Cuarón's dense, dark, and layered meditation on fertility, technology, immigration, war, love, and life itself may be the movie of the still-young millennium.
For those capable of enduring its most gut-wrenching moments, Children of Men offers inventive energy, ferocious intelligence, and yet, affirmation of life against the most calamitous circumstances.
A portrait of a future society that spotlights the issues we need to be addressing today.
Alfonso Cuarón's incredibly bleak peek into the very near future is a huge success on both an emotional and technical level.
Messy, unfocussed sci-fi.
...a gripping tale...
Men moves like a funeral procession; slowly, methodically creeping into the belly of the beast, it's met with equal parts fascination and gut-churning horror.
One of the year's most imaginative and uniquely exciting pieces of cinema.
It's a measure of Cuarón's directorial chops that Children of Men functions equally well as fantasy and thriller.
There's a constant sense of urgency and uncertainty, as anything seemingly can and will happen to the characters.
Children of Men is filled with scenes which dazzle you with their technical complexity and visual virtuosity. On this level alone, it's easily one of the best films of the year and represents a new level of artistry for Cuarón.
Children of Men is an anecdotal vision of the way the future seems to be headed from a 2006 vantagepoint. There is only a tiny glimmer of hope, and it does not extend to the masses.
Children of Men leaves too many questions unanswered, yet it has a stunning visceral impact. You can forgive a lot in the face of filmmaking this dazzling.
Conta não apenas com um ou dois, mas com três dos planos mais complexos e geniais já concebidos por um cineasta.
Destined to stand alongside such adult-skewing sci-fi as A Clockwork Orange, Blade Runner, and any other seminal dystopian flick you'd care to name.
It would be foolish to deny the supreme technical achievements of Children of Men.
Strong contender for the best science fiction film of 2006.
El mundo entero hablará del naturalismo de la cinta, del viaje emocional intenso, y de la grandeza del director y su fotógrafo.
Great science fiction doesn't necessarily need giant freakin robots.
Whatever else may or may not work, Children of Men at least has this: a great idea. It is too bad, then, that the movie surrounding the idea is not equally great.
There is much about the film that is impressive, but ultimately we do not care enough about the characters, so our journey is a frustrating one.
A freak-show gauntlet in a society gone berserk where screenwriter-director Alfonso Cuaron and his cinematographer Emmanuel Lubezki take matters into the remarkable.
click here for full review in Greek
A dystopian world like no other.
There is one scene that will make directors go weak at the knees. It's a full-scale urban battle, shot in a continuous take that lasts perhaps 10 minutes. It's one of the greatest single shots in the history of the medium.
This futuristic London thriller is so well filmed and acted that it grabs hold of us and never lets go.
The real power is in the simple contrast of despair and hope, the latter embodied in a pregnant woman who seeks protection from a typically world-weary Clive Owen.
This explosively violent future-nightmare thriller, directed by Alfonso Cuarón and adapted from the novel by PD James, has simply the most extraordinary look of any movie around.
A visually stunning Swiftian satire, Children Of Men may appear clumsy, but its message is simple, heartfelt and ultimately rather moving.
It's a movie that only sci-fi nerds are going to enjoy.
Clive Owen is simply terrific in the lead - he seems to get better and better with every film.
This is as real and as provocative as the future gets on screen.
An ugly mix of contemporary issues is hacked to unrecognizable bits in this tame, at times insipid thriller trying to impress with impossibly generic analogies to our own time.
A fine but flawed exercise in dystopia.
Alfonso Cuaron takes the classic movie formula of a cynical tough guy required to see an innocent party to safe harbor, and shoots it to pieces.


@highlight

Children of Men works on every level: as a violent chase thriller, a fantastical cautionary tale, and a sophisticated human drama about societies struggling to live.