Redford wimps out.
Human connections the actors well establish are more convincing than political messages. . .Much is head-scratching and moral debates are more rueful than thoughtfully deep.
It feels like a relic from another time, which isn't exactly a bad thing.
This is the most depressing movie ever made about radicalism.
Far and away the most impressive thing about it is that Redford's ability to convince his famous friends to appear in small roles.
The Company You Keep is an effective, slow-burning mystery, boasting one of the most impressive casts of the last few years.
Redford proves that he's still capable of making the sort of provocative political thrillers that would make a younger generation envious.
Redford skillfully directs a cast so talented and comprehensive it threatens to overpower the briskly unassuming, but sharply written script.
Well-crafted, wellintentioned and well, just a tad dull, Redford's radical-chic-road-trip will appeal to the Senior Railcard crowd.
Welcome back, Mr Redford.
[Director Robert Redford] deftly articulates the moral morass that can arise when idealism gives way to reality; he also has some very definite things to say about the way today's sensation-hungry, click-addicted media operates.
Talk about timing. Whether it's good or bad remains to be seen.
Dreadfully near-catatonic pace that never makes you feel like there's much at stake.
At the very least, this generation proves that they still have compelling stories to tell. (Complete Content Details for Parents also available)
Things come together satisfyingly at the end, but by then the urge to jump out of one's theater seat has been in effect for at least 45 minutes.
A tougher work might have seemed provocatively relevant in the tragic context of current events, but this film has a muted nostalgia for the days when bomb-tossing students had easy-to-pronounce names and might grow up to be as cleancut as Robert Redford.
An old-fashioned political drama that's well-intentioned and heartfelt.
Clearly, Redford has no trouble drawing talent; if he's ever interested in remaking Meteor or Midnight in Paris, he's halfway there.
Robert Redford -- who once was an active liberal -- is now a tired capitalist. He's also a worn-out egotist.
[Redford] still manages to tell an interesting story of family painted against a political backdrop. It's not going to spark any great movements, but it is worth a sit in at the local theater.
Redford's direction feels tighter and and less ruminative than it has in years, and his acting is still marked by a kind of intelligent alertness.
No matter how much slack you cut it, The Company You Keep never quite lives up to expectation.
This chase film combines elements of the thriller and newspaper procedural to create a contemporary saga about political idealism, stone-cold realities, and the repercussions of past deeds on future innocents.
The acting company Robert Redford keeps in The Company You Keep doesn't get any better. Movies rarely do either.
What with a cast that includes Robert Redford, Julie Christie, Nick Nolte, and Susan Sarandon, this might've been the most star-studded production of the year had it been made in 1975.
It tends to sag a touch in its third act, but it's a solidly engaging thriller thanks mostly to its ridiculously talented cast.
You can't help but applaud the effort, even as it falls short.
Redford the director keeps things moving smoothly, avoiding too many lengthy monologues while still getting the point across ...
Although the movie is structured as a thriller, there's no urgency or suspense.
Whether RR's too old, as many have suggested, for the more thriller-ish elements here, there's no doubt that he's very fine and still seriously charismatic, and that Lem Dobbs' screenplay tackles weighty issues in a compellingly 'grey area' fashion.
A drama that's more than a look at what happened to a generation of socially aware hippies whose new drug of choice is likely Lipitor.
It's like the "It's A Mad, Mad, Mad, Mad World" of political thrillers.
It's a big thing done in mediocre fashion, with a mystifying contempt for the audience's intelligence and faith.
Where's a Sidney when you really need one? Either Pollack or Lumet could have easily injected Robert Redford's old-fashioned thriller with some much needed snap and suspense.
Overall, this is a film that works pretty well. It has its kinks, but thanks to a top-notch cast and an intriguing mystery that keeps the audience entertained, it ends up being worth the two-hour investment.
Redford is an adequate director, and he keeps things moving at a moderate pace, passing up exits to more spectacular vistas or hotter issues.
Redford's idealism is at the forefront of The Company You Keep, but it's the portrayal of decades-old friendships and trust by an ensemble of some of cinema's finest actors that really makes it worth watching.
You may be in the company of an all-star cast, but this is a run-of-the-mill affair with few surprises.
The Company You Keep comes down hard on modern-day journalists but takes it easy on '60s era radicals bent on destruction.
What gets revealed should rattle, but it doesn't.
Even if it isn't as rounded a portrait as hoped for, the picture is dramatically sound, with pockets of tension and wonderful acting to keep it convincing for most of the journey.
You wish the movie were a little snappier, but Redford doesn't do snap; slow down with it, and enjoy the chase.
Directed in steady fashion by Redford, The Company You Keep manages to keep its multiple strands of plot - and the people caught in them - from collapsing in a jumble of confusion.
The film offers a lot to chew on for boomers -- and for aging punks and indie-rockers -- who may still be wondering whether they made a separate peace with The System or simply gave up the fight.
"The Company You Keep" is packaged as a political drama, but at heart it's a preachy nostalgia tour of Vietnam-era liberal doctrine.
The high celebrity quotient tends to work against the drama, reminding us what a privileged generation this was and how its endless examination of itself in popular culture was part of that privilege.
Almost every step of the way, the film feels ... inauthentic and unrealistic.
Redford's film almost, kinda, semi-touches on some fascinating stuff.
Whatever the movie has to say about the use of violence to oppose an unjust system, or the way priorities change as we age, has been said before.
A decidedly American story of graying moral certitude to match graying temples, Robert Redford's ninth film as a director is about secrets, principles and the melting value of absolutes.
This film, with its prickly characters and complicated plot, rips along with continuous tension and power.
"The Company You Keep" feels generic from start to finish. The great cast of characters, though, raises this up a notch.
"It winds up being less than the sum of its parts."
Unfortunately, the screenplay by Lem Dobbs, which is based on the novel by Neil Gordon, doesn't match up with the vast talent gathered here.
It feels like we're watching a bunch of aged hippies who once had the common thread of a life-changing obsession. But now they're just surviving in the work-a-day world they once eschewed.
It's a seeming impossibility: a middlebrow film about extremists.
Rather than illuminating hard truths about decisions made in the context of domestic oppression and uprising, the film instead bogs itself down in ambiguous moralizing, voiding the audience's ability to root for any interest or character.
A sincere thriller that feels like it has arrived at least a half-decade behind schedule.
At its core, "The Company You Keep" is a good, solid thriller about a fugitive trying to clear his name. But it's a much more interesting movie at the edges.
The movie wants to have it both ways and, as a result, manages to contradict itself at almost every turn, never finding its own way.
The company isn't the problem in "The Company You Keep." Everything else is.
As much about our relationship as long-term fans of these actors as it is about the characters who come to grips with their failures and betrayals.
The navel-gazing grows obnoxious, especially as the people on screen seem more like archetypes than characters.
Lacks the visceral energy that would raise it from the level of a curiously humdrum political thriller.
Redford is interested in telling stories again, rather than pounding us on the head for our civic and historical sins.
It's best enjoyed as an actors' showcase.
What begins as a crackling, '70s-style political thriller drags into a chatty, less-than-gripping drama that criticizes the press only to undermine its purpose.
Nearly every scene had me asking questions about what just transpired when I should have been absorbing what was happening next.
With Redford's genius for assembling such a superb supporting cast, the film started out ahead of the game before the camera rolled.
Redford's justification for violent leftwing terrorists can be irritating, but this is still a well made, entertaining film, even if the point will rub many the wrong way.
Director/star Robert Redford has gathered an enviable cast for a radical "Big Chill" which makes this middling, timeline-trouncing effort worthwhile.
Stellar cast is best thing about Redford's political drama.
Outsider looking in fictional history perhaps exonerating Redford rather than those underground anti-imperialist fugitives distorted in his movie - not to mention a conveniently disappeared Cointelpro - for possibly his own lack of commitment back then.
Sarandon's showpiece sequence, in which Sharon, grilled by the reporter while in FBI custody, stands up for her actions, is easily the film's best.
Redford decided we needed a non-thrilling political thriller... where the worst of what '60s radicalism had to offer is given a platform to chirp, "Gee, we thought we were doing the right thing."
Drawing skillfully on a first-rate cast, Redford builds a riveting, resonant political thriller that values the complexity of its characters and the intelligence of its audience.
Though it makes a few missteps, it's marked by top-notch performances by a terrific ensemble cast, headed by Redford.
It's a perfectly terrible movie, full of bad dialogue, with all the major characters -- and there are quite a few -- staggering around under crises of conscience.
"The Company You Keep'' consistently stretches credulity way past the breaking point in its depiction of journalism, police procedure and political activism.
Full of issues, and "relevance," but not enough action, or drama.
"The Company You Keep" is a shrewder, more satisfying piece of filmmaking than we've seen from Redford in a while, though not quite in the league with his best behind-the-camera work ...
The film was shot by an excellent cinematographer, Adriano Goldman, though you'd never know it from the lighting, which is as flat as the writing.
The Company You Keep is Robert Redford's The Expendables.
This earnest, well-intentioned movie elicits frustration that its story had to be packaged as a conventional, not very suspenseful fugitive thriller with a bogus Hollywood ending.
It's a pleasure to watch, even if the payoff is rather less substantial than the backstory.
An intelligent, slow-burn political thriller boasting stellar performances from its talented ensemble cast that compensate for the screenplay's minor shortcomings.
A thoroughly stodgy exploration of the ghosts of the past that has exceedingly little to say about the Vietnam era, the ethics of violent protest or the standards of what's left of the newspaper business.
Excellent, well-paced drama boasting Robert Redford as director and lead. Terrific cast and writing fortify this cat-and-mouse chase through a web of revelations.
Though consistently engaging, Redford's latest directorial endeavor does feel like a plea. You can almost hear him coaxing us to learn from the past, even as we rush into the future.
The result feels like cinematic health food: vaguely good for you but less than delicious.
While The Company You Keep isn't Redford's best work, phenomenal performances heighten the somewhat lacking screenplay.
The Company You Keep chews on issues of violence in a muffled way, but restraint is not the quality this story was calling for.
The disparate elements in The Company You Keep are robustly collated by the keen, well-crafted direction of a master filmmaker at the top of his form. It's only April, but this is one of the best films of 2013.
Astutely cast and directed conspiratorial crisis-of-conscience tale about facing the consequences of one's actions.
[It] might have been more effective if not filtered through so much graybeard griping.
Given the finger-wagging suggestion of its title, it's actually no surprise to find that The Company You Keep turns out to be politically chicken-hearted ...
Well cast, beautifully acted, with a solid script. But thanks to the ages of the cast, mathematically inept.
As he skewers the tabloid mentality that has replaced actual journalism, Redford points to the lassitude of the masses (and media) that led us into an immoral war in Iraq.
There's something wonderfully reassuring about seeing Robert Redford back, directing and starring in a political thriller about the Weather Underground.
This political conspiracy thriller benefits from its strong script and cast, but an overabundance of satellite characters results in an erratic and disjointed effort.
There's more substance in their sighs than in any of the dialogue
[VIDEO ESSAY] A movie in search of a story, this Robert Redford-directed flop has all the interest and suspense of a piece of burnt toast.
A would-be thriller masquerading a long, dry monument to the reliability and comfort of community, blindly cocooned by its own nostalgic self-regard.
The Way We Never Were (The Weather Underground never took part in armed robberies.)
An old-fashioned drama about ethics, conscience, and zeal with one of the best ensemble casts ever assembled
Though a political thriller, there is less melodrama and more psychological tension as a man wanted for murder 30 years earlier as part of a radical organization faces prison for the rest of his life.
...a smart and engaging thriller geared towards adults that benefits substantially from Redford's solid work both in front of and behind the camera.
As an audience, we're forced to admit that the guy we're rooting for could be a sap. This is not a recommended method.
By the end, it all seems to have been a lot of noise and running for nothing except the ultimate lesson that if journalists like the people they're reporting on, they owe them the favor of not doing journalism. Ta-da!
Proving yet again that he just gets better with age, Robert Redford does a spectacular job in bringing this quasi-fictional tale of idealism run amok three decades later to the screen.
With a welcome mixture of juice and grit, the movie dramatizes the lingering conundrums of young people in the time of the Vietnam morass.
However good your characters and however telling the social and ethical issues your raise, if you ain't got tension, you ain't got a thriller -- and it's in this department that The Company You Keep mostly fails to deliver.
The pic's colorful, almost-wastefully impressive cast limns a sociologically convincing rogue's gallery of reformed revolutionaries.
Robert Redford makes a welcome return to double-duty as director and lead actor in this clear-eyed drama about a former Weather Underground radical forced to reconcile with the past.

@highlight

The Company You Keep is a (frustratingly) slow-burning thriller about very contemporary issues.