I'm not going to be the movie critic who gives Santa Claus a bad review. Not me. It's not up to the first two, but it's fine for kids, and Short is terrific.
Magical (if mindless) family holiday fun.
You look at a movie like this and wonder how some screenwriters can have the temerity to go on strike
Special effects are in abundance, but none of them are very well-produced, much like the film on the whole.
It's sad to see the life sucked out of a series that started so well.
Short's skill and total commitment to his role make him no straw-dog villain, and his chemistry with Allen helps the movie's Santa feel like a real live person and not an imperturbable icon.
Frost turns the occasion into a swag-saturated consumer orgy, which the film condemns even as it hams up product placement for Red Bull.
While it may concern elves and Christmas, 'The Santa Clause 3: The Escape Clause' is more dreary than cheery.
There is no escaping the banality of it all.
A little muddled and derivative but what do we expect, really?
Christmas cheer is in short supply in The Santa Clause 3: The Escape Clause, a feeble festive farce that's more no-no-no than ho-ho-ho.
Santa's traditional cry of ho-ho-ho has never sounded more like three stab wounds of pain and horror.
Cinema is far too powerful a medium to be graded on a curve-- even when Tim Allen is involved.
Badly written, shockingly acted and appallingly directed threequel that will please precisely no-one.
You've got to hand it to director Michael Lembeck... he's succeeded in persuading studio bosses to let him make not one but two sequels from premises that were dead in the water from the word go.
Bah, humbug.
A desperately lazy and unoriginal exercise.
The movie is more cute than funny. Smiles are plentiful, but outright laughs are widely scattered.
Oh how the executives shook with their chortles as millions poured in through each cinema's portals.
The Santa Clause 3 strikes out.
The scriptwriters have continued their inventive treatment of humanising Santa, while keeping the fantasy intact. Colourful and bright, funny and witty, it's a magical fantasy that will please young and old
This Styrofoam snowman of a sequel overdoses on its own candy-cane-colored sugary cheer.
Kids in elf drag, not very funny comedy on scrupulously antiseptic sets, and that faint wave of nausea that passes for a tug at the heartstrings in corporate filmmaking.
OK, so Santa Clause 3 isn't the stuff classic Christmas movies are made of, but the franchise still manages to invoke some genuine Yuletide spirit. Hard to believe, but it's true.
The Santa Clause films may speak to the need for family connections, but this third movie represents another part of the season: the need to move product.
Perfect entertainment for five-year olds and sheer torture for the unlucky parent(s) accompanying them to the theater.
It's very, very difficult to care, because the movie is structured so poorly.
Jack Frost gains control of Santa's workshop and turns it into a Las Vegas-style theme park -- supposedly a hideous inversion of Christmas values. So blandly commercialized is the movie's vision of the holiday that you can hardly tell the difference.
I always say if there's anything the Santa Claus legend needs, it's a time travel component.
Rather than cheer your favorite winter character, you'll more likely search for an escape clause of your own, as this overstuffed three-quel milks the reindeer dry one last time.
A gaudy but bland lump of coal in this year's cinematic holiday stocking.
Kids, you can tell how much your parents love you by how far away they keep you from this worthless fiasco.
The gag reel that plays over the end credits is funnier than this slushy comedy.
...there's little doubt that the Santa Clause series has finally run out of steam.
Despite Martin Short's highly entertaining turn as Jack Frost, this second sequel lacks the charm of the first two 'Santa Clause' movies.
I liked the first two, but this franchise has expired.
Bah humbug! The Santa Clause 3 is a lump of coal in your stocking. It's at the top of the "naughty" list. It's about as appealing as a stale fruitcake.
Shot almost entirely on a single set possibly left standing from the last film, it features what looks like first-take performances and a script that's inane even by kiddie-movie standards.
Mrs. Claus having a baby is creepy. At least we don't see the birth, the sight of Mrs. Claus in stirrups would have been too much to bear.
It's time to send this one-trick reindeer to the glue factory.
Fans of the first two films in the series can expect more of the same in this serviceable yet unduly bland G-rated comedy that's all too reminiscent of those by-the-numbers Sixties-era Disney films that usually starred either Fred MacMurray or Dean Jones.
The movie's as icy as Jack's hair, as lifeless as its animatronic, flatulent reindeer.
Tim Allen seems bored with his own franchise. At times, he looks downright morose, cranky enough to kick an elf.
Santa Clause 3: The Escape Clause, with Martin Short as Jack Frost, means we're getting a turkey and a ham for the holidays.
Allen and Short seem to be having so much fun that their enthusiasm is entirely contagious. Let the season begin.
The Santa Clause 3 is holiday filler, stuffed with unearned emotion and trite sentimentality. The good news is it runs just over and hour and a half, which means parents won't have to glance nervously at their watches.
The characters are all two-dimensional, or maybe one, except Martin Short as Jack Frost.
If there is truly an escape clause in this movie, use it.
This movie is either going to warm the coldest cockles of your heart, or you're going to throw up all over yourself before slipping into a diabetic coma.
Although we've barely had enough time to finish clearing the Halloween cobwebs, those hardworking elves at Walt Disney are already here to shove a little Christmas down our throats.
It's like a Family Channel movie escaped and hid out in a movie theater.
It's all as genuine as tinsel and as stale as last year's candy cane, but there are a few very mild pleasures, including Alan Arkin and Ann-Margret as Scott's in-laws and a loony dance number with Short backed by elves.
You play Santa Claus once with enthusiasm, twice with affection, three times for a paycheck.
Has some cool glimmers of what the series did best, showing a real guy reacting to the mythology of Santa Claus. Unfortunately, more than 2/3 of the film is made up of silly, cartoonish antics that are more embarrassing to watch than they seemed to perfor
The pogo vibe of the first two films is missing from the new picture, but what it lacks in bellylaughs in makes up for in reliable entertainment value - an increasingly lost art.
so bad, it makes me want to convert and celebrate Hanukah this year.
An ugly, dispiriting, prefabricated lump of coal. With any luck, The Santa Clause 3 will be but a distant memory by the time December 25 arrives.
The third though probably not the last in the successful Clause franchise, this latest installment again stars Tim Allen as the Everyman turned Father Christmas.
What is seriously missing here is any sense of fun and warmth, which the other movies did possess. This one looks like work.
There's little in this unnecessary sequel to put you in a festive mood -- unless you just love bad Canadian jokes, farting reindeer and manufactured 'magic.' Humbuggery!
Nuance surely isn't Santa Clause 3: The Escape Clause's name, but its performances are pleasing %u2014 Martin in particular brings a smirky, self-centered glee to his role %u2014 and its story isn't condescending. It's brisk and colorful, right on
A thing of consummate craftsmanship, a smoothly engineered and fundamentally lifeless object that's nevertheless capable of giving even the grinchiest moviegoers a brief attack of the warm-and-fuzzies.
Allen looks silly, tired and bored this time in the fat suit and beard, while the movie presents the irritating Martin Short as Jack Frost, nipping at your nerves as Santa's nemesis in a bid to take over and (gasp!) commercialize Christmas.
As a full-service holiday movie, The Santa Clause 3: The Escape Clause gets you into the mood to shop early and often by making the North Pole look like a shopping mall with a never-ending school pageant.



@highlight

Playing Jack Frost as an evil cross between Liza Minnelli and Liberace, Martin Short is a welcome presence, but this tired series continues drawing from its bag of bland gags and dumb slapstick.