It is an ambitious period piece, clearly intended to be Affleck's Once Upon A Time In America... Yet somehow, the pacing feels off, the characters seem bland, and Live By Night never quite lives up to the sum of its parts.
All the pieces are there. But if another thespian tackled the role of Joe, as when Ben let younger brother Casey take the lead in Gone Baby Gone, perhaps Affleck would have been free to focus more effectively on the complex narrative arc.
"Live by Night" is a failed attempt that tries to write itself into the history of gangster films. [Full review in Spanish]
Live By Night's primary takeaway is how dull it is; there are a lot of players and set-up, and what action does transpire is wholly expected.
It doesn't know if it wants to be a tale of Robin Hood style Prohibition-era mobsters, a classic revenge story, a war between gangsters and the Ku Klux Klan, a battle over turf between Irish and Italian mobs, etc. Repent watching Live by Night
Live by Night is not an out-and-out gangster film. If you don't go in expecting the same, you'll enjoy watching it.
With a running time of more than two hours, this sprawling, would-be epic needed to deliver far more.
Live By Night is dumb in a self-important Oscar bait kind of way.
Overall, Live By Night feels choppy and is predictable.
It's an old fashioned morality tale trussed up with some modern trappings.
It's a chapter of Prohibition that hasn't been told in many films, and Lehane's story is rich in details, so much so that I wish he had developed it in to a cable miniseries a la Boardwalk Empire.
[Ben] Affleck is attempting to depict the horror of corruption and racism, without revealing its ugly nature fully.
Live by Night would make viewers sleep by night, too, except for the noise of gunshots and body-slams.
For this viewer, Live by Night's good qualities outweigh the bad.
That speaks well of Affleck -- the screenwriter -- in demonstrating maturity by offering up more nuanced characters than we generally expect from the average gangster movie. Still, that maturity doesn't mitigate the shortcomings of the film's star.
And while the story is sprawling, covering a decade, and filled with beautiful settings, costumes, and stars, it just never comes together to be the kind of epic crime drama it's emulating
A focused and insightful character study, it's not. But reframed as a genre exercise, a pulpy throwback comic book... the film is an absorbing diversion.
You can practically feel it straining to become a classic of the genre but in the end, it feels more like Miller's Crossing cosplay than anything else.
If Sad Affleck didn't already exist, Live By Night might've made the meme happen anyway.
Live By Night is a far better film than it's been given credit for.
Joe Coughlin was a bad dude long before he got to Florida, though you could certainly make the argument Florida brings out the worst in everybody.
Affleck has simply given himself too much work to do on this project.
Live By Night is a disjointed mess.
Filmmaker Ben Affleck's first failure...
If you're into crime dramas, this might be your lukewarm cup of tea.
A film that offers grandiloquence when it could aspire to grandiosity, it had everything to be an immediate classic. [Full review in Spanish]
A film with a problematic script but with a great aesthetic and a cast with recognized and talented actors. [Full review in Spanish]
This tribute to the memorable ganster cinema doesn't always manage to transmit that force in spite of its ambitions and its abundant and rich characters. [Full reviw in Spanish]
A film that wins when the action moves to Florida and the landscape is disregarded of the codes of gangster cinema to which the film pays homage. [Full review in Spanish]
A sprawling gangster movie epic that demonstrates Affleck's deft hand at tense, action filled filmmaking, and presenting characters in constant conflict with who they are and the environment they have cornered themselves into.
With veteran cinematographer Robert Richardson behind the lens, the film looks fantastic. The period sets gleam with a dreamlike Hollywood sheen. But more grit could have been poured into the mix.
It's an odd, disjointed, ultimately unsuccessful gangster film, one of those movies that bit off way more than it could chew (Splice Today)
Man, that plot. You really can't pick where this thing is going. Will it ultimately become a picture of redemption or something much gloomier? It's clear early on it's going to be a bumpy ride, led by a heavy-hearted and woebegone character.
It's not Goodfellas. It lacks the black humour and the relish for eccentricity for its own sake, and the ending verges on mawkishness. But it's great entertainment -- a cunningly wrought tribute to old-fashioned Hollywood and the Warners style.
Stylish "Night" a by-the-numbers exercise.
Maybe it doesn't quite gel into a perfect film, but it's still worth watching as the storyline and fate of the main character do manage to grab you, along with several captivating scenes.
Live by Night is meant to be an epic tale of crime, prejudice, and opportunism and how they collide with the myth of the American Dream. Too bad it never makes us care.
What a totally unpleasant surprise Ben Affleck's gun-happy, empty-headed gangster film turns out to be...We have a sloppy narrative so full of holes you'd think somebody had taken to it with a Thompson sub-machine gun.
There is a good movie somewhere in Live By Night - one with an engaging plot and characters you actually care about. It's very obvious just how thin Affleck was spreading himself. (Reviewer: Chris Neill)
Live by Night, sleep in the cinema. Ben Affleck's snoozy follow-up to Argo is more like Ambien.
Live By Night is so convinced of Coughlin's charisma and goodness that it eschews moral complexity and compelling narratives for unearned worship.
Overlong, overly familiar in places and achingly, misguidedly, earnest in others...
If Argo turned out to be Ben Affleck's crowdpleaser, Live By Night suffers for being his Ben Affleck pleaser.
The film has a script that fails to properly tell the story and, given the character's particularities, Affleck should have ceded the lead to another actor, because his weaknesses also hurt his cast partners. [Full review in Spanish]
Live By Night is a confusing jumble. But above all, it commits the cardinal sin of gangster movies: It's really, really boring.
It comes as both a genuine surprise and disappointment to report that Live by Night marks Affleck's first real stumble behind the camera.
Affleck the director tries his best to infuse a glamorous Latin lushness into his frames and, for the most part, the atmospherics work, but sultriness is a poor substitute for dramatic tension.
The film looks the goods, although at times it's lit too brightly to be really true to the spirit of that genre, but there is a muddle in the editing, which comes from a muddle in the writing
Set during the Prohibition era, Ben Affleck's slick, beautifully directed gangster story offers a real sense of time and place, but stops short of delivering the complete package
The way it is told and filmed prevents it from turning into a copy of the wonderful ganster and noir titles produced by Warner Brothers in the 30's and 40's, including renewing clichés like using the machine gun. [Full review in Spanish]
Beyond its undoubted attractive visuals and some other elements, Affleck's incursion as director, screenwriter and actor in the gangster genre is below expectations. [Full review in Spanish]
The cast, setting, Robert Richardson's photography and even the literary base promise much more than they yield, which is an entertaining but loose film and not particularly memorable. [Full review in Spanish]
A film that fails because it doesn't get to fully develop its characters. Affleck doesn't manage to make the right decisions at approaching Lehane's novel. [Full review in Spanish]
Live by Night is Ben Affleck's weakest direction so far. [Full review in Spanish]
It's been four years since Ben Affleck directed "Argo." It feels like a hundred.
It's a solid nod to old-school gangster flicks.
Even though it's burdened by Ben Affleck's limited range and some other bothersome issues, I'm a sucker for period pieces and with a few exceptions, this is a good one with a fine performance by Sienna Miller.
Easier to admire for its visuals than it is to love for its story or its heart.
The movie has punchy dialogue and is ravishing to look at, with production design that borrows from great movies set in the same milieu including The Godfather Part II and Elmer Gantry.
Individual sequences are also compellingly handled and, as Affleck has demonstrated in his previous films as director... he's an accomplished storyteller.Yet the film doesn't entirely hang together.
Wisps of what could have been, these moments smoke away from the barrel of this sprawling spectacle's rapid-fire tommy-gun, dead by light.
The film looks great, but too much of it feels reheated, overly familiar, and overly cautious. This is the film where Affleck needed to really cut loose, but instead he played it safe.
"Live by Night" has slipped into theaters without a stir. The reason, regrettably, is that it's unexpectedly lifeless.
Every one of the movie's 128 minutes reverberates with phoniness.
The painstaking period art direction, bloody gunplay and colorful supporting hoodlums should amuse mob-movie fans, but the turgid, complacent storytelling is the antithesis of the snap and irony that made the gangster film an essential American genre.
The early scenes have a certain gritty intensity, but once Coughlin heads south the film loses focus, and Affleck is cast adrift as the only three-dimensional character.
First rate production values back up the good character acting but there is little new added to the prohibition gangster genre.
In his fourth feature as a director, Ben Affleck is stuck with an inert screenplay and a bland leading man.
You probably won't turn it off when it comes on cable. But the material needs to be bigger, more momentous, as well as more intimate.
Fumbling and unfocused, it's fatally flawed.
An unfocused but stylish old-fashioned Warner brothers gangster film.
I could go on. The film certainly does.
Everything pointed out that Affleck could have done a better job, or maybe the expectations were too high after having films better than this one. [Full review in Spanish]
Live By Night is the weakest work of Ben Affleck's trajectory as a director and not even the good cast that backs it manages to get the movie going. [Full review in Spanish]
Writer/director/star Ben Affleck gives 'Live By Night' touches of 'Scarface,' 'Gangs of New York,' and 'The Godfather.' However, his very good-looking film certainly won't cause the likes of Francis Ford Coppola to lose any sleep.
One of the film's final set pieces is so wonderfully staged that it reminds you what skill Affleck has with the camera. Next time, he should perhaps confine himself behind it.
A handsome period drama with the occasional impressive flourish, but despite its rich subject matter, it's Affleck's weakest film yet as a director.
It's very handsomely made and occasionally sparks into life, such as when Joe comes up against the local Klu Klux Klan, but it feels thin and underdeveloped.
It feels like a facsimile of prohibition America, a Vegas casino recreation rather than the real thing, lacking the grit and spit and sawdust of a country hurtling into the Great Depression.
The superior first act is very much a Boston movie, beefed up by the presence of the always-terrific Brendan Gleeson as Joe's top-cop father, Thomas Coughlin.
Directed with an obvious love for the genre, "Live By Night" is a stylish - man did they know how to dress back then - film that overcomes some obvious errors with a first rate cast.
There's nothing inherently wrong with Ben Affleck's warmed-over plate of gangland goulash -- it's a gorgeous production, meticulously put together by a team of seasoned Hollywood vets -- but there's also little that's fresh.
Live by Night is a dense and disorganized movie adaptation in which Ben Affleck covers too much ground for any one story or character to succeed.
Affleck the director has a good eye for detail, but he was let down by Affleck the screenwriter and Affleck the actor, who gives the weakest performance in the film.
if only we were given a plausible reason for Joseph battling through a bloodbath in a white linen suit and not getting a spot of anything on him. Even sweat.
A popcorn movie in a genre that is no longer popular.
An overstuffed, paint-by-numbers gangster drama that does little to distinguish itself from the crowded mediocrity of its contemporaries.
In a movie that gradually reveals its mediocrity, Affleck's droopy star performance speeds up disappointment with the final effort.
Director Ben Affleck, who also wrote the screenplay based on Dennis Lehane's crime novel, has crafted an almost epic gangster film with mixed results.
The movie, for all its technical genius, even with such a strong, electrifying cast, just isn't very good, and as such watching it shoot so many blanks for over two full hours is nothing short of a colossal waste of time.
Stylish, entertaining, with well-staged violence, if not original or great.
[A] smart, sultry, thrilling piece of gangster fiction in the best traditions of classic Hollywood gangster movies of the 1930s and 1940s while taking other inspiration from 1970s neo-noir crime cinema.
Live by Night is a solid, interesting but sprawling and often overwrought gangster picture.
Individual sequences, moments and performances sometimes work fairly well. Yet, as a collective whole, the overall experience isn't as successful. (Full Content Review for Parents - Violence, Profanity, Sexual Content, etc. - also Available)
Like those cars, Live by Night manages to get viewers to their destination, but it's a bumpy and uncomfortable ride.
It feels like it's the first movie Affleck has ever made, not the fourth.
Affleck balances the labyrinthine plot with pulse-quickening suspense and vivid production design.
A lovely to look at, but otherwise forgettable film.
Live By Night is the kind of mess you'd expect from a fallen auteur, not the man who skillfully revived his career post-'Gigli.'
A footnote in the history of cinematic mob stories.
Where Ben Affleck's acting skills falter, his directing and co-writing shines. This is a stylish piece of work. Worth seeing just for Elle Fanning's terrific performance.
Affleck's attempt at an epic gangster saga is a visually handsome portrait of flawed nobility that proves far more flawed than its protagonist.
In Live by Night, Ben Affleck finds every imaginable way to shoot his own film in the foot - and then light a match and set fire to the gaping wound, as it hobbles away into oblivion.
An underrated, hugely enjoyable crime caper from one of the most reliable directors currently calling the shots.
Affleck - directing for the first time since Argo - just can't quite make it come alive on screen.
There is rarely a dull moment, but if Affleck had thrown more light on the darkest corners of Joe's mind, Live by Night could have been a classic.
It ain't rubbish, but Affleck's fly-by-night operation is still one to avoid.
Live By Night is not much of a film and Affleck is not especially good in it. He is never wooden as an actor, but he can be stolid. He is at his most stolid here.
A film that has bitten off much more than it can chew.
Live by Night doesn't know what it wants to be or what direction to go in and it becomes tiring to watch Affleck's attempts at figuring it out.
Here, the outlaw-as-hero trick just doesn't work; we can't both sympathize with Coughlin's moral quandaries and thrill to his crimes.
It sure looks great - it was lensed by Tarantino regular Robert Richardson - and its gangster-movie tropes are familiar, yet welcome.
The film is, in its initial stages at least, undeniably handsome. However once Joe moves south to Tampa with dreams of conquering the rum smuggling business, the period sparkle dims.
Flat when it should fizzle, formulaic when it should be diverting and plodding when it should flow, it is at best -- and it pains me to say it -- a masterclass in mediocrity.
Live By Night feels toothless even as blood sprays and bodies fall.
Live By Night is a handsome-looking film, but it's too often cold and clumsy and so rarely entertaining that it feels like Affleck might have made another film, much longer, and was given 24 hours to cut out one hour of running time.
It's 129 minutes long and feels twice that, draining the life out of actors as lively as Chris Messina, Chris Cooper, Brendan Gleeson, Elle Fanning and Zoe Saldana.
There's a lot to recommend Affleck's fourth outing as a director, including sumptuous production design.. costumes and cinematography to match; and a restrained score from Harry Gregson-Williams. What's missing is a coherent throughline.
The last 90 minutes crawl by as an extended estate-planning commercial replete with endless widescreen ogles of classic cars passing lush Floridian vistas.
It's all fine, entertaining stuff, bookended with some rip-roaring set-pieces.
It's beautifully assembled by a skilled cast and crew. Even so, the film never quite generates quite enough energy to engage properly with the audience.
Brendan Gleeson does more fine acting in his few brief scenes than Affleck does in the entire film (note: posing is not acting, no matter how rugged your jaw line).
An intermittently exciting film which can't decide what it wants to be and ends up being nothing.
Affleck falls prey to the occupational hazard of wanting to create his own myth, as he produces, directs, writes and stars in a flaccid screen adaptation of Dennis Lehane's Prohibition-era crime novel.
The film strives for Roman Polanski's Chinatown, but sadly ends up closer to Warren Beatty's Dick Tracy.
You'll need a pair of hip waders to make your way through the clichés that the actors have to spout: You Can't Trust Anyone, No One Gets Away Clean, and Live It Up Because There Is No God Anyway.
"Live by Night" looks good with appropriate costumes, sets and props of the period. The story, though, feels too sparse, leaving me unsatisfied.
[T]his is a fairly familiar tale of a criminal whose rises and falls seem to be dictated ... by the needs of a plot...
It's an eminently watchable and often entertaining movie, but there's scarcely a minute where you can delude yourself into thinking it's a good film.
Misgivings aside, I was enjoying Live by Night as a guilty pleasure of sorts and was on the verge of giving it a qualified recommendation until the last 10 minutes, which are equal parts predictable and way, way over the top.
Writer-director-star Ben Affleck goes for broke and goes bust with an American tale that mistakes muchness for greatness.
Like "Mystic River" and "Gone Baby Gone," this is an adaptation of a Dennis Lehane novel, which means great atmosphere and way too many ridiculous plot twists. Like the author, Affleck doesn't know when to hold back.
Somber, well-judged and admirably ambitious, "Live by Night" nonetheless falls short of being essential, its familiar moving parts heading predictably toward a conclusion that feels mechanical and preordained.
It's really easy to sum up everything that's wrong with Ben Affleck's "Live By Night": It should have been a miniseries.
Trimmed down from a 400-page novel by Dennis Lehane, the film has a swarm of interesting denizens and plot ingredients. But it doesn't assemble them into an especially coherent package.
Genre fans will still likely get some enjoyment out of this pulpy and violent tale, but this time of year, you've got far better options at the theater.
It was always going to be a tricky thing to follow up a smash like Argo, so taut and smart and thrilling. Affleck went maximalist with Live by Night, and it was, indeed, too much.
Squint and you can just catch a trace of what a terrific movie this could have been.
"Live by Night" may look first-rate (though Affleck's direction, whether it's action or simply two people, seething, is routine) but it feels second-hand.
It's worth seeing for Affleck's charismatic performance and for its vision of America as a land of greed, violence and political expediency that some moviegoers will find all too familiar.
People love to pile on Ben Affleck, and "Live by Night" isn't going to help his case.
Well made in a lumbering way.
Basically Boardwalk Empire if it had starred Ben Affleck from The Town. It's not a good movie, but it's a fun bad one.
A handsome production shot in gorgeous fashion. But like Affleck's Joe Coughlin - the empty center of this soulless film - it never commits to its most promising elements, never stays in one place, never develops a rhythm.
Live by Night operates under the impression that we need Affleck to be likable, when really, we just need him to be a compelling character.
If the film plays, as it did to me, as one full season of 'Boardwalk Empire' crammed into two hours, note that [novelist] Lehane was a writer for the HBO series...Affleck's adaptation weakens Lehane's story instead of strengthening it.
...doesn't so much break new ground in the gangster film as deepen explorations into areas opened by others.
The movie is immaculately dressed, but there's a mannequin blandness lurking beneath: it's all logistics, no guts.
The problems are a screenplay that can't decide which story to tell, unmemorable casting choices in key supporting roles, and a central performance that, curiously, isn't very much there.
Though thriving in its set-up, Ben Affleck's return to the director's chair for the first time since the Oscar winning Argo, falls short in its pay-off, becoming needlessly convoluted as we progress throughout the narrative.
It's a worthy addition to Affleck's Boston crime canon.
Just as tension should be boiling over, the plot powers down, leaving us with a handful of codas that don't deliver as they should.
As an actor, Affleck is a strong, reassuring presence; his performance is an anchor holding things in place and allowing for a flotilla of strong supporting portrayals.
Bugsy Malone... but without the bubble guns... Affleck tippy-toes to reach the top shelf where classic movie epics are kept but comes up with only "Once Upon A Time in Hahvad Yahd." (Or just maybe, "The Hatman.")
It's the rare Hollywood movie that'll leave you wishing three-hour cuts were still in fashion at the studio level, just to see this as it could've been.
It's intriguing enough to suck you in, but confusing, fragmentary, frustrating.
There's a lot going on in Live by Night, and unfortunately the results are flaccid and dull -- except when a car chase or shootout delivers a jolt.
Periodic gunfights, beatings, car chases and assassinations prop up the drama, a joyless experience that takes itself, and especially its leading man, way, way, too seriously.
It would have served the film better if (Ben) Affleck had not directed. An outsider perhaps would have pushed (Joe) Coughlin into more vicious and violent places where Affleck was unwilling to go.
Live By Night is as clunky in its exposition as it is gorgeous in its craftsmanship.
Affleck sports plenty of snappy '20s fashions, tailored double-breasted suits, often cream-colored, and elegant Borsalino-style fedoras. He's dressed to kill for sure. Too bad his movie is so deadly dull.
If there's any surprise in Live by Night, it's how good it feels to watch a gangster battle the KKK in the year 2017.
A hulking folly, but at least an ambitious one.
Despite various beautifully orchestrated set-pieces, narratively the whole thing feels as oddly empty as a prohibition liquor bottle.
Affleck stands around looking too tall, too handsome, too 21st century, too tailored, too rational and too soft. Yes, too soft even to play a guy who is thought of as too soft.
Strong on performance, atmosphere and production design, but undermined by some less than judicious editing and some frustratingly fuzzy characterisation.
For gangster aficionados, it should be a made movie even if there's some issues that hold it back from elite level gangster classic status.
An offer you can refuse.
There's nothing at the center of Live by Night, no foundation of drama to ground the convoluted mash-up of so many genre tropes.
Affleck's Live by Night isn't a bad gangster film by any means, it's just overstuffed with egregious flourishes and familiar recalls to just about every mobster movie you've ever seen.
An overreach
A haphazard, albeit mostly entertaining tale of tommy gunners and rum runners.
Feels like an adaptation of a novel's CliffsNotes, rather than of the novel itself.
As a director, he's too enamored of his star to push the character to the uncomfortable places that are demanded by this tale steeped in contradictory moral and ethical extremes.
Increasingly preposterous and uninvolving.
Sluggish, uninspired mobster drama has lots of violence.
There's a whole lot going on throughout Live by Night. Somewhere in there is a crime film worthy of its intention.
Commits the cardinal sin of cinema: it's boring. Feels like two hours of highlights from a 20-episode miniseries that only hint at a rich story tapestry.
The beats of the gangster movie have become so familiar that you almost have to rebuild the thing to make an impression. Strangely enough, once the overly run-of-the-mill first scenes are done with, Affleck does just that.
Live By Night is certainly a watchable crime drama that you can enjoy; however it fails to meet the lofty standards Affleck has set for himself after his first three directorial hits.
Live By Night is a flat misfire, and one that hopefully a director such as Affleck can make up for with the upcoming Batman film.
For all its sporadic philosophizing and belated stabs at romance, Live by Night is cold and inert at its core.
The picture is handsome and ambitious but maddeningly unfocused.
Affleck should be commended for shooting high, but in the end, Live By Night turns out to be just a glossy, pretty, maddeningly generic fedora fest.
The feeling persists that the material would have cut deeper as a miniseries. Still, Affleck shines as a director of actors and action. The man knows how to create a haunting gangster noir worth getting lost in.
It's a lavish, decade-spanning period piece about what amounts not to a stirring microcosm of the American dream but the petty criminal squabbles that decorate its story's surface.
Genuinely exciting chases and action scenes as well as a talented supporting cast can't save this film. It's a shame the effort that went into it doesn't pay off
This isn't a terrible movie. But a middling one? Most definitely.
It does not appear that Live by Night had Ben Affleck's undivided attention as a writer or director.
...while it may be unfair to compare Affleck to icons like Humphrey Bogart or James Cagney, he is at least aspiring to creative and industrial heights.
Live by Night is clearly Affleck's love letter to classic pulp, and almost no noir touchstone goes unturned in its two-hour-plus run: sharp-suited mafiosi, hip-swinging vixens, bloody shoot-outs, double crosses.
Mr. Affleck handles the busy narrative without finding its hook, but his biggest problem is that he's fallen for his leading man.
I'm fond of Affleck, who normally can be counted on, at the very least, to radiate movie-star vanity. Here, he's like a waxwork version of himself. He looks very, very tired.
You can sense the contours of an absorbing story as writer/director/star Ben Affleck's slapdash and fragmented assemblage limps along. Most of the pieces are there, but they remain pieces.
Neither elegantly concise nor an epic sprawl, but rather something just awkwardly misshapen.
Director/Star Ben Affleck serves up a nice ode to the gangster pictures of the 30's and 40's with top notch cast and great production value.
Live by Night is by no means a wash of a film. But there's a clunking in the machinery.
It's difficult to avoid sizing up "Live by Night" as "The Town" with a classier wardrobe but less heart.
The navy-blue cinematography of Boston is well lit, the Florida atmosphere looks like a commercial for Dade County orange juice, the actors all look like they are awaiting directions from Affleck by cell phone.
The movie looks quite nice, thanks to Affleck, and that's about the most you can say for its hero, too.
Overstuffed and disappointing, Live By Night wastes a strong supporting cast. It's not a total loss, but it doesn't hold up against the rest of Affleck's filmography.
An outright catastrophe as historical drama, it gets halfway to redeeming itself as camp.
Ben Affleck no doubt began "Live by Night" with the best intentions, hoping to add flavor to our overly homogenous movie landscape. It's no fun to report that it soured into purest hubris.
"Live By Night" is missing bite. And without teeth, all the picture can do is slosh around without focus earning the unfortunate distinction of a directorial career worst for Affleck.
A terrific throwback gangster flick in the mold of WB's James Cagney/ Humphrey Bogart classics. Great action, excellent writing/acting.
While his Boston-based crime dramas Gone Baby Gone and The Town were lean and gritty, with no-nonsense thrills that called to mind the work of director Don Siegel, this more ambitious epic comes off as bloated and meandering.
Live By Night feels rushed - missing all the slow burn drama that Affleck showed he was so good at in his prior three films.
A gangster movie without a killer instinct, "Live by Night" looks resplendent in its period costumes and moody decor. But writer-director-star Ben Affleck never burrows into the genre's knotty moral complexity or honor-among-thieves worldview.
Chock-full of sturdy fedoras, thick accents and double-crossing mobsters, the resulting film is both remarkably compelling and a bewildering mixed bag.
"Live by Night" may be about rum, but the pacing is like molasses.
Polished, large-scale crime drama improves on the Dennis Lehane novel.
Ben Affleck's Live by Night has great action and intriguing drama, but simply bites off too much to chew.
The ... nagging hole in the thriller is Affleck himself, playing a tough guy with a sense of right and wrong, in a stolid performance that takes up a lot of space without packing the necessary gravitas.
It's like seeing the ghost of a terrific movie: All the pieces are in place, yet as you're watching it (or thinking back on it afterwards), there doesn't seem to be quite enough there there.
For a movie where so much occurs in the first 30 minutes, the pace still tends to drag and, at times, is as slow as hell. A lot of these problems can be attributed to Affleck's stilted screenplay that never quite finds the right tone.
While "Live By Night" is surely stylish, and features a set of terrific performances, it's deprived of inspiration and misplaced in a year that was full of it.

@highlight

Live by Night boasts visual style and an impressive cast, but they're lost in a would-be crime saga that finds producer, director, and star Ben Affleck revisiting familiar themes to diminishing effect.