Salvadori and his fellow screenwriters invent clever complications to keep us amused.
A light, entertaining comedy with little, if any, redeeming value, other than a few good laughs.
This dumb romantic comedy is not in the same class with Jean Renoir's masterful Boudu Saved From Drowning, though it toys with the same plot line.
Although the ingredients are excellent, the result is an overcooked comedy more often provoking indigestion than laughter.
A lightweight farce that remains enjoyable primarily for the time spent with Auteuil.
Auteuil... finds himself in Antoine's situation, helping out a hapless wreck and being dragged down in the process.
The movie doesn't ask you to laugh at somebody's unhappiness, just the incredibly absurd situations that arise when misery has two goofballs for company.
Apres Vous ... is less peculiar but considerably more contrived, more forced than Girl on the Bridge.
Unfolds with the light and civilized touch that Americans associate with French farce, but it's as contrived as any Hollywood comedy.
The result may be a high-concept soufflé, but its blackly comic tone and Auteuil's caffeinated whippet of a performance help lend it a cockeyed charm.
If anyone tries to insist that you come along to see the film, it's best to reply, Après vous, and then head in the other direction.
Plays like some kind of weak joke in which two men keep repeating the line to each other.
French fluff at its creepiest: illogical, exasperating, overlong and based on characters who are just as empty as the creatures who inhabit Hollywood fluff.
You should come out of a film like Apres Vous with your heart as light and fluffy as a souffle. But this farce, credited to four chefs, er, writers, is as heavy and leaden as meatloaf.
As the character gains confidence, Garcia tones down the tics and actually makes Louis likable.
What started off as a mild but enjoyable comic trifle got progressively more irritating as it wore on for almost two hours.
The jokes run dry, the situation is redundant, the cast becomes tiresome and the running time is interminable.
The cuteness of the story wears off, but not the appeal of the leading men.
From the beginning I found the plot contrivances more than a little forced, and the behavior of the various characters improbably extreme.
While this moment is situated as comedy, it also underlines the dishonesty at the center of Louis and Antoine's evolving symbiosis.
It has the makings of a farce -- a French farce, no less! -- but never fully embraces them.
The premise is razor thin, but [Daniel Auteuil] sells it with everything he's got.
No deeper than a crepe but, with its bright performances, swift pace and six-balls-up-in-the-air breathlessness, it's a tasty one.
Even the lights of Paris seem unusually dim in this limp, lackadaisical farce.
The misunderstandings and crisscrossing agendas never build to critical mass; the movie doesn't go insane, and it needs to.
Apres Vous is an intelligent romantic comedy that puts the emphasis on the funny and never takes itself too seriously.
A sweet, if dramatically overlong, trifle.
Lacks farcical insanity and settles for being a sitcom, not a very good one.
There isn't much to the movie, and you can see where it's going from kilometers away. But Auteuil gives the silliness a surprising heft.
The lead actors [Auteuil and Garcia] make a terrific odd couple.
A film that moves you to laugh has become as rare as one that makes you cry, so Apres Vous should be cherished for its seriously funny moments.
Pierre Salvadori's consistently engaging Après vous... begins with an interesting situation and complicates it into delightfully excruciating farce.
The story crash-lands in contrivance, losing its way in the third act.
flat and simplistic
When it's good it's very very good; sharp, quirky and joyful.
A French romantic comedy that goes nowhere.
The old saying that no good deed goes unpunished gets a vigorous Gallic workout in writer-director Pierre Salvadori's new black comedy.
Like most contemporary romantic comedies, the film's plot works only if you accept that everyone behaves like a complete and utter idiot at all times, telling lies that must inevitably be uncovered at the least convenient moment by the worst possible pers
A sophisticated farce enlivened by some laugh-out-loud funny physical gags.
Classic French farce -- both predictable and unpredictable -- quickened by excellent performances from the two leads and their respective leading ladies.
Nothing lives up to its name like French farce, and director Pierre Salvadori's bit of nonsense about a good Samaritan who aborts a stranger's suicide attempt then dedicates himself to making the man's life worth living exceeds the limits of the genre.
...the laughs are mild and few
Parlez-vous farce? Après Vous speaks the lingo haltingly, like the French you sort of learned in high school.
At its heart, Apres Vous is a showcase piece, putting Auteuil and Garcia in a succession of bizarre circumstances and letting them entertain us through the pleasure of their sheer discomfort.
A predictable comedy-of-errors picture of self-inflicted misunderstanding.
This delightfully spirited film is perfectly cast, and it's hard to imagine how Daniel Auteuil, José Garcia and Sandrine Kiberlain could possibly improve upon their irresistible, multifaceted portrayals.
Garcia is great in this French dramatic comedy, and Auteuil remains one of the great European stars.
A meandering comedy that offers the pleasure of watching the great French actor Daniel Auteuil as the world's most overzealous, uptight good Samaritan.
Even as it takes some zany potshots at the conventions of bourgeois comedy, the movie is rife with exactly the kind of pat, predictable reversals that define the form.
Slight but charming.
The overly long and monotonous Après Vous serves up the unfunny kind of absurdity.
Suicidal depression has rarely looked so amusing.
A rom-com short on comedy, Après Vous has coziness to spare thanks to Auteuil, Kiberlain and Paris.
As genre fare, Après Vous is saved by its irresistibly sympathetic performances.
The great French actor Daniel Ateuil helps make up for an insubstantial plot.
Après Vous is light on its feet with an occasional kick.
Adorable.
Elegantly written, well-thesped comedy is too hermetic and bittersweet to be laugh-out-loud funny, but sustains a fairly successful ratio of uncomfortable situations to amusing solutions.
By taking its cues from the old saw that no good deed goes unpunished, Après Vous earns its place in the pantheon of well-regarded French-language comedies ... that find their humor in mounting complications.
A delightful comedy of errors.
Mostly, it works -- as long as the viewer doesn't demand too much plausibility in a story line.
While it basically reuses all of the conventions of a typical French romantic farce, it does so with winning aplomb.




@highlight

This farcical French comedy of errors is well-acted, but the absurdities feel too forced to make such a light confection work.