The film has a good script and some great set pieces, as well as the usual selection of monsters that look like people you know.
It feels like a good Disney movie. It doesn't have that magical spark that we've seen in previous Pixar movies, but it's not bad. It's enjoyable.
Monsters University doesn't keep the faith, laying the creatures on thick and fast. It's not that the new crowd aren't fun, but they're a distraction
This is the ingenuity and warmth we love in Pixar movies, and long may it remain.
Mike and Sully went to college; both "scare majors." But Sully's a talented, no-work-ethic scare-scion, and little Mike's an overachiever with no scare-ability. Teamwork!
Great Randy Newman score, some inspired sight gags, and a sure way to let your 6-year-old learn early on that school is all about cliques, and that the people who tend to run in them are often jerks.
Breezy and charming enough to warrant a viewing - especially for younger audiences.
It's like an animated Revenge of the Nerds, but without the vulgarity and compromising situations.
Much to the surprise of moviegoers, the film turns out to be an anti-Disney anti-fairy tale in which you don't get special treatment even if you are special, but you can still achieve your goal even if life isn't the way you've planned.
With their prequel, Pixar creates a respectable and fun companion piece to "Monsters, Inc."
With its juvenile orientation, uninspired gags, and disappointing lack of pathos, it's a close cousin to A Bug's Life, and certain to be just as forgotten.
Proof that Pixar still has that intangible magic, and is able to make movies for children, adults - and the adults of tomorrow.
Animated prequel explains how polar opposite protagonists Sulley and Mike met and became the best of friends.
Animated gem Monsters, Inc was so hilariously inventive and original that it's hardly surprising that Monsters University can't quite recapture its predecessor's magic, yet it's still packed with witty dialogue, sly visual gags and boisterous action.
Pixar continues its unabated string of hits with this fascinating prequel to their celebrated "Monsters, Inc." In many ways, this film is better than its predecessor.
Animated film about monster college students competing to become the scariest one of them all.
This one feels flat in both the visual invention and gag departments, even in 3-D!
It is essentially Revenge of the Nerds, with fur. And scales. And whatever gooey, gelatinous substance comprises the outer coating of various other oddball creatures in this crazy parallel world.
Studios don't often seem to be thinking about the ideal moviegoer, just about the maximum number of moviegoers ... Pixar is no different in that regard, but even in this relatively fallow period ... it's never stopped thinking the most of us.
Directed by Dan Scanlon, whose PIXAR association includes stints working on "Cars," "Brave" and the short film "Mater and the Ghostlights," "Monster's University" is a worthy prequel to what is arguably one of PIXAR's greatest achievements.
Pixar's funniest film to date
There's a rather tired, willed atmosphere hanging over it.
Do these movies have to be so unremittingly bland?
One day, it will be interesting to see in which order children will prefer to play the DVDs of the two Monsters' films. For now, many adults will find the new version has been 'Disneyfied' at the expense of Pixar's more poetic core values.
The loose and familiar interplay between Crystal and Goodman drives the film and gives it endless charm, with Mirren a glorious addition to the cast ...
So many movies, these days, are about nerds and their market value. Dan Scanlon's prequel is the newest, but already feels old.
A worthy addition to the Pixar class of classics.
If you enjoyed Monsters, Inc 12 years ago then you're not going to be disappointed even if it does feel a little slight at times.
It's a strong look at the genesis of a satisfying partnership, but it could be stronger if it trusted that partnership to carry the story.
It is funny. But the longed-for return to Pixar greatness seems as far away as ever.
Pixar revisits the characters from 2001's Monsters, Inc. for a frat-house prequel. Which is kind of an odd setting for a kids' movie.
After an hour it starts to feel like Harry Potter gone wacky and gonzo - and not quite wacky and gonzo enough.
It's not that Monsters University lacks any of the heart or wit of Pixar's finest achievements - the attention to detail and sight gags are as impressive as ever - but narratively speaking this is derivative in the extreme.
The story is so fully and elegantly realised that to call it a prequel would somehow feel like an insult.
Mostly takes the old college tropes and doesn't sneak, crawl or run too far with them. There's a bravura scene near the end that's far and away the film's best 10 minutes. Most spark, spontaneity and character complexity is left for the sideline monsters.
A funny, furry entry for kids yet to experience the horrors of tertiary education, or the disappointment of dashed dreams.
From sunny autumn mornings to rainy afternoons and gloaming dusks, it feels like the couldn't-be cartoonier characters are going about their business in a very real world.
Entertaining, beautifully animated Pixar prequel with superb voice performances, a constant stream of amusing gags and an oddly realistic central message ...
The storytelling isn't as tight as it could be, and it isn't very inspired or ambitious, and I can't say I felt much emotional investment.... But it has enough laughs, heart, and entertaining creatures to amuse your own little monsters.
It has enough of the right stuff to haunt the imagination long after the immediate buzz of its fluffy-furred cuteness has melted away. For a mere prequel, that's a result.
... seems content to coast on exactly what's expected of it until the very end... Pixar (seems to be) phoning in every other movie to work on the ones they really want to do.
Lacks the grandeur and ambition that characterize the company's most impressive work but succeeds absolutely as a clever, beautifully rendered 'Revenge of the Nerds' campus comedy and origin story...
As summer entertainment it makes the grade. Yet as a Pixar movie, it could try harder.
Dazzlingly clever and hugely funny, it succeeds both as a broadening of the Monsters universe and as a film in its own right.
The inventive world-making and comic inversion of expectations regarding the relationship between humans and monsters is dulled because it is forced into a college comedy formula, which eliminates virtually all potential for surprise
What could have been an easy cash-in is instead a film that delivers the goods for kids and adults alike. It's a charmer.
While it's nothing ground-breaking, 'Monsters University' is really, really nice once it gets past the idea of Mike and Sully being at odds.
It doesn't take a doctoral degree to see that the high quality of Pixar continues in 'Monsters University,' a prequel to 'Monsters, Inc.'
Creatively, there's clearly something going on at Pixar...though Monsters University is consistently enjoyable and never less than entertaining, it does have a quality of sameness that we never used to associate with Pixar pictures.
It's a typical Pixar film, so loaded with gloppy sentimentality and sugary-sweet candy-colored characters and naggy moralizing I see no reason why it shouldn't make three hundred million dollars, easy.
We've seen and loved the characters before so this wasn't a "must have" prequel, still they do entertain.
It may not be the sequel that Monsters, Inc. deserves, nor as classic as some of Pixar's previous efforts, but that doesn't mean that it's not worth a place on our cinema screens.
Passes basically any test you would be likely to throw its way, except for the one where it justifies the fact that it exists.
The picture is very funny, and the animation is beautiful, and yet it's all a bit forgettable, by Pixar standards. That's the price of success.
Monsters University, however funny, leaves you longing for a time when this kind of world was an original idea, not a sequel.
If the Monsters Inc. concept was never Pixar's most graceful one, the original film at least had a high quota of warmth, which is harder to locate amid the snide jocks vs nerds standoffs here.
Pixar has created another charming child's film that will entertain adults.
Lesser Pixar ... charming and occasionally clever, although the story is familiar and unmemorable.
A little sleepy but still manages to dig in an emotional hook
If Pixar would simply take chances on original ideas and thoroughly explore them like they used to, there's a good chance that they could jump right back on top, instead of churning out films that are half-baked.
This college collage feels stale and lazy, and only gets across the line thanks to nostalgic goodwill and some decent gags.
Lacks Heart
Pixar has done it again. Literally. Monsters University has loads of laughs and heart.
Stunning, if simplistic sequel - an amusing comedy that emphasizes teamwork and the value of friendship.
What's lacking from "Monsters University" is an ending that matches the breakneck pacing or creative brilliance of "Monsters, Inc."
It's a great message for children and a poignant reminder for adults: everyone has something to offer; the "cool" kids aren't always cool; and sometimes the underdog has his day.
Even if the day arrives when the promise of a Pixar narrative holds no more interest than the hint of a new straight-to-DVD actioner starring Steven Seagal, we can probably always count on the films to at least look good.
Very, very late in these 106 minutes, we get a startling blast of meaningful Pixar storytelling that reminds us of what this team can do when they bring their A game.
If it wasn't for Mike's romantic subplot with Celia in the first movie, I'd make the argument he and Sulley are animation's most enduring gay couple.
There are flashes of visual invention scattered throughout and Helen Mirren steals the show with a stunning vocal display of austerity, but this is very much a case of Pixar going through the motions...
...a movie of unsure identity and unclear purpose.
Animal House meets The Muppets. It's not horrible, but it's not memorable, not soaring, not magical, not emotional, and not compelling. It's not classic Pixar, but I guess classic Pixar no longer exists.
This is a safe, predictable, edge-free, nearly bland effort from a studio that rarely hedges its bets.
Monsters University manages to take the same characters audiences love, devolve them in an interesting way, and then tell a story that essentially has nothing to do with the original and yet somehow mostly reverberates with the same emotional weight.
As prequels go, Monsters University is pretty nifty.
Although it falls short of the best Pixar has brought to the screen over its long association with Disney, it's nevertheless worth a trip to the theater, especially for kids.
[It] is true to the spirit of the original film, "Monsters Inc.", and matches its tone. But it never seems content to turn over old ground.
Monsters, Inc. was in no way calling for a sequel, and here it is.
It's not a bad way to pass the time, but this is one origin story that could have just as well gone untold.
It's not trying to be bigger or better than the original. It's just trying to tell a good story with loveable characters in a new setting.
...I can applaud a story that not only celebrates oddballs and underdogs but shows how young outcasts can find their way in the world...
Consistently pleasant and entertaining, it's also a bit too easy. Customers who remember the studio's earlier efforts may be less impressed by a movie so calculated and predictable.
Partly because it's a prequel, Monsters University is one of the few films from the gigantically successful studio that fails to deliver an emotional payoff.
The only reason to be disappointed with 'Monsters University' is that Pixar used to be capable of so much more
Monsters University is as spiritually-uplifting and pleasant as the original but isn't as strong a creative accomplishment - unlikely to be as well-remembered.
The heart of the film is Crystal and Goodman, who remain as funny, spunky, and relatable as you remember. Their buddy-buddy chemistry is so natural, the actors could team up for several more Monsters films.
Mike and Sully together make a fine team. Their strengths and weaknesses match up well.
It's not like Monsters University is a bad movie. It's just not a terribly interesting one.
The folks at Pixar are outrageously talented and imaginative, and one of the other perks in seeing "Monsters University" is the animated short that is presented before the feature.
With the collaboration of writer/director Dan Scanlon, executive producer John Lasseter, and music by Randy Newman --- nominated an astounding 20 times for an Oscar --- how can "Monsters University" possibly fail?
Monsters Inc. prequel is a fun college comedy for all ages.
Depressingly uninspired.
...a fairly pedestrian premise that's employed to shockingly run-of-the-mill and middle-of-the-road effect...
The movie is a colorful, gag-strewn, technically perfect piece of 3D animation, briskly paced, though it runs a bit long ...
'Monster's University' is not worthy of being counted in the studio's gilded pantheon of classics, but it is still, by far, the best family film to come out this year and one of the better overall movies of a (to-date) lackluster 2013.
Monsters University takes characters and plugs them into a sitcom-ready scenario that could serve as a backdoor pilot to a Disney Channel series.
...the MU campus could just as well be "Pitch Perfect's" - where's the whimsy in a college full of monsters?
If it were released from any other studio, it would be their best film. From Pixar, it's not even in the top bunch. Not everything can be "Up" or "Toy Story 3," I suppose. Oh well.
A charming, well-crafted trifle - at least until the subversive last act, when it sets its sights a bit higher.
[It] conforms to [Pixar's] apparent drift toward the average, with toy sales taking priority over originality.
Scanlon and his team take a very shaky proposition, and turn it into a smart and enjoyable piece of family entertainment.
'Monsters University" is an imaginative, raucous, wildly inventive cartoon of a movie.
"Monsters University" never transcends the 2001 "Monsters, Inc." the way the "Toy Story" sequels do, because the plot relies on familiarity rather than originality.
What hasn't advanced is the plotting, which was nothing special last time and is so formulaic now that it's basically surprise-free.
Monsters University is cute, and funny, and the animation, though not exactly inspired, is certainly colorful.
We're briefly reminded of the first film's poignancy and realize how much this one has forgotten it.
If you just want to get away from all of life's problems, MONSTERS UNIVERSITY is a pleasant, mild, temporary distraction.
A very entertaining film that's funny, good-natured and better than 95% of its non-Pixar animated competition.
It's no Up or WALL∙E, but it's better than Pixar's last two films combined, and for that alone, we should be thankful.
I'm not sure I needed to revisit Mike and Sulley's world 12 years later (or, looked at from their point of view, earlier). But once you find yourself whisked over the threshold, it's a colorful, funny, charming place to spend an afternoon.
Execution matters. Verve, and energy, and inventiveness matter. And Monsters University is funny, fast, and likable, with occasional moments of real visual surprise and laugh-out-loud offhand gags.
The result is a charming addition to the Monsters canon.
Monsters University proves to be a defiantly peculiar project, but fortunately an entertaining one.
It's still a cut above what most other animation studios are producing these days, but it feels that, like the college-aged Sully, it's trying to get by on its good name without putting in the requisite hours of work.
It's not terrible by any means, but it is completely unnecessary. I was all set with one "Monsters, Inc." movie, and I don't think this universe needed to be revisited again.
Mostly memorable for being fine but forgettable.
It's an awful disappointment-and one more reason to worry about Pixar's future under Disney ownership.
This movie's loaded with enough action and animated fun that it will keep young viewers amused. Disappointing is the fact that after so many years, the story doesn't live up to the technology.
A lot of fun, still very funny and wildly imaginative, but a little hollow where the heart should be.
Offers little that merits accreditation.
Monsters University is not a bad movie; your kids will love it.
An amusing and amiable addition to Pixar's roster of animated coming-of-age stories.
Animation, monsters and the Socratic method? Scanlon and the crew make it work.
A cinema rarity: a great prequel to a beloved property.
Far more Cars 2 than Up, it is cute -- but no more than cute.
Saying Monsters University isn't nearly as fun and fresh as its predecessor is letting this low-achiever off lightly.
Director Dan Scanlon and his creative team pay exquisite attention to each delicious detail, including young Mike's retainer that gleams each time he grins.
Despite its brainy title, "Monsters University" only earns a passing grade on its looks.
All the actors are in good form and the script frequently delivers bountiful belly laughs.
"Monsters University" has an emotional quality that its whimsical predecessor lacked.
Both the originality and stirring emotional complexity of "Monsters, Inc.," with its exquisitely painful and touching parallels with the human world, are missing ...
The under-5 set may find it funny, though I suspect their parents will be checking their watches a lot, as I did.
Monsters University will probably turn out to be the best animated movie of the summer, but by Pixar standards, it's strictly mediocre.
It's all infectious fun, despite the lack of originality. In the art of tickling funny bones, Crystal and Goodman earn straight A's.
Monsters University suffers from comparisons to its superior original.
There's a point at which creative security can become complacency, and that's where Pixar finds itself with Monsters University.... On the Pixar curve, a B grade doesn't pass.
No better or worse than the average (and I mean average) time-filling sequel cranked out by other animation houses.
The movie is not up to the company's highest standards, but it's certainly better than most other kid flicks you'll see this year.
"Monsters University" does not hit the heights of the great movies from Pixar but it's good from start to finish.
A pleasant cartoon from a studio that once consistently amazed us.
As clever and fully realized as its predecessor, if not quite as original.
A thoroughly delightful, impressively animated, summer movie with plenty of laughs, a gentle wit and a surprisingly nuanced range of life lessons.
Everything's okay. Good, even. Pixar has nobody to blame but itself for making us expect more.
Likable but fundamentally ordinary 3D-animated children's fare...just a pleasant but minor diversion, not up to the standards one used to expect from Pixar.
As with all of the Pixar films, the visuals are terrific and the vocal work is spot on. I just wish as much imagination and fun went into crafting the story and dialogue. (Full Parental Review also available)
May be the most thoughtful and, in social terms, realistic film ever made about the college experience.
A breezy time with old friends, smartly stepping away from the scare floor to take the monster carnival to college, opening a whole new world of possibilities for this colorful universe.
Pixar has the kind of layered, lovingly crafted humor that the best TV sit-coms have; there's an ease to the cleverness, an unpretentious, highly skilled approach to comedy.
Barely puts the plus in C+.
A gentle, poky riff on college-comedy clichés, complete with a villainous, snobbish fraternity, a heroic, outcast fraternity, and a stuffy, intimidating dean (Helen Mirren, wonderfully severe).
Not every film can be a "Finding Nemo" or a "Ratatouille."
While Monsters University is far from classic status, it is a funny movie with plenty of hijinks, insults, action scenes, visual jokes, vivid colour, good digital artistry and all the other technical touches that Pixar brings to their projects.
The artwork is accomplished, and intricate. The G-rating is genuine, without any gross-out gags. And there's none of the usual winks to the adults with tired, pop-culture references.
Here's the short review: it's a lot of fun, but let's hope they don't do a third one.
Welcome back, Pixar. You've been missed.
Even during those stretches when the film is a bit too mired in convention, Monsters University boasts terrific characters, gorgeous and clever visuals, truly intelligent and surprising humor, and a wildly poignant emotional undercurrent.
This is not a bad movie, and to small children it will be a very good one. But it is closer to average than one would wish ...
Monsters University is exactly the rebound Pixar needed after 2011's Cars 2 left some wondering if the studio had lost its magic.
"Monsters University" is one of those movies that has absolutely no reason to exist, but once you've seen it, you're kind of glad it does.
As was the case with Monsters, Inc., this is a film to be remembered for its great characters above anything else.
I was liking Monsters University the whole way through, but it gets some extra points for its third act.
A thoughtful, funny, smart and creatively conceived comedy that dares to present a message that every young person needs to learn, but that most family movies are terrified to tell them.
Watchable, but unoriginal, laugh-starved and far from Pixar's best and most ambitious.
Unfortunate proof that the animation studio previously known for its brains is now resting a little too heavily on its nominal brawn.
Monsters University is the leading contender for best movie of the summer and top animated film of the year.
Pixar once trained us to expect a little magic. Nowadays, we're just grateful when one of their films is good enough.
Even when Pixar isn't aspiring to an idea, it has a way with genre.
If the film lacks the heartbreaking quality of Pixar's revolutionary best, there's no demerit in playing it solid and safe for a change.
"Monsters University" is fine family entertainment with something for the adults and a lot for the kids.
Monsters University isn't perfect...Still, it's easily the most enjoyable animated film so far this year, one that is visually stunning, wickedly subversive, incredibly funny, and lump-in-your-throat emotional.
A frivolous but enjoyable prequel.
The company that married state of the art computer animation with striking, creative storytelling has transformed, sadly, into something else: a production house that bangs out kids' films
On the evidence of Pixar's latest cartoon, 'Monsters University,' the studio's brain trust is beginning to run thin in the ideas department.
Pretty tepid for Pixar. Basically it's REVENGE OF THE NERDS,
Pixar's ''Monsters University'' might not be as gifted as some of its other movies, but sometimes it's alright to be OK.
The Pixar themes may be present and correct, but its values are sorely lacking.
It is the sheer wit and charm of Pixar's quirky, multi-coloured characters that make this cleverly conceived prequel such an enjoyable romp
It is ultimately a kids movie through and through and one I can't wait to show to my kid.
It's the perfect summer movie for kids; the monsters on campus won't scare anyone in real life...problem is they won't make you laugh much either.
It's not Pixar's most innovative or clever movie by any means, but it ultimately delivers in terms of offering something to entertain everyone.
... at least it feels like they tried to take creative and thematic advantage of the opportunity here, and that's more than is true of most sequels.
This minor film with major charms still deserves to have kids dragging their parents to the multiplex for one more peek at the monsters in the closet. With Pixar, familiarity breeds content.
Continues Pixar's tradition of hearty laughs and character rich stories, yet cannot contend with the mighty weight of high expectations brought on by its superior original.
One of the funnier films the studio has ever produced. Once upon a time, however, Pixar could also be relied upon for drawing a tear or two...[and] this is basically an animated spoof of Animal House.
Pixar's emphasis on character and story made (and could make again) worlds that we fell in love with. Monsters University - a fun, disposable watch - has taken one of these worlds and repeated it to formula.
Scanlon deals honestly and inventively with the hard reality that some talents can't be taught and some dreams remain unfulfilled.
It should be remedial school, not an institution of higher learning, for Monsters University, an alarmingly lame effort from Pixar, the Oxbridge of animation studios.
A bright, breezy, funny and beautifully presented film that will slug it out with Despicable Me 2 for the animated hit of summer award.
Falling squarely between the studio's classics and its decidedly lesser work, Monsters University is a solidly average Pixar effort, one that brings laughs to the kegger, but you'll be hard-pressed to remember it at the reunion in 10 years.
The latest Pixar offering charms in an excessively familiar way that illustrates a troublesome eventuality: Pixar has lost its edge.
Monsters University is proof that prequels can be done right.


@highlight

Offering Monsters, Inc. fans a return visit with beloved characters, Monsters University delivers funny and thoughtful family entertainment for viewers of any age.