Every other documentary, artistic project and filmmaker wishes it could be this charming and thoughtful, in what ranks among cinema's best-ever road trips.
If Faces Places is a reckoning with [Varda's] past, then it does so in a unique and charming way.
The pure, clean act of someone who works in an irreducible way with the conviction that taking a camera and going out to record what they believe in still makes sense. [Full review in Spanish]
A highly personal document, the film is at once a playful exploration of the weird and wonderful shades that can be found in any person, and a profound meditation on the way societies evolve and change.
It's difficult to resist Faces Pllaces because it's absolutely adorable, both for the chemistry that exists between the two artists as well as for their humor... [Full review in Spanish]
In 'Faces and places', chance becomes the driving force of a work that is, at the same time, an experiential testimony, an essay-making exercise and a setting for the encounter between equals. [Full review in Spanish]
Few experiences are as dynamic and inspiring as this overflowing exercise of freedom signed by the veteran Agnès Varda in connivance and complicity with the young photographer JR. [Full review in Spanish]
[Faces Places] is a travel log in which we see each stop transform into art pieces and are always at the service of a relevant theme. [Full Review in Spanish]
Agnès Varda's eyes are cultural heritage. [Full review in Spanish]
A film that should reconcile humanity and misanthropy. [Full Review in Spanish]
Not the most consequential of docm,entaries, but from first stop to almost the last, it's a trippy, traveling delight.
Varda and JR bring us a charming film that surprises and excites and has us reflect over the marvels of art. [Full Review in Spanish]
Get to know the stories underneath Varda's search of the friend's gaze that closes the circle opened by those two huge eyes that now seem to look at the path traveled and that we do not know how long they will be there. [Full Review in Spanish]
It's a true story. And it's a little beauty too.
It's beautiful to see the encounter between two dissimilar artists reflected in images... [Full review in Spanish]
A wonderful reminder that documentaries can be both joyous and deep at the same time.
https://youtu.be/GaoLU6zKawsaIn their efforts to honour these small-towners, our cosmopolitan filmmaker-tourists see only what warms the heart.
It's an exhilarating road film that is both poignant and lighthearted.
If "Faces Places" is indeed Varda's final film, it's an eloquent grace note to her already rich legacy.
As JR explains, the project is about him and Varda expressing their imaginations on people's terrain, and they do it graciously and with good cheer.
The most genuinely uplifting film of 2017...Despite their 55 year age difference, Varda and JR are 2017's best cinema couple, their shared humanity and offbeat senses of humor making every moment spent with them a delight.
It is an extremely poetic documentary that touches the heart. [Full review in Spanish]
Varda and JR truly are irresistible creative explorers, with infectious curiosity and chemistry that fizzes with charm and warmth.
Agnès Varda may be barely five feet in her cotton socks, but this moving study of community and memory reminds us she's a colossus.
... a unique and fascinating documentary...
In almost every instance, the artists use their whimsy to celebrate and elevate the working class, the massive portraits suggesting that farmers and factory workers are as worthy of admiration as princes and politicians.
Varda and JR are the duo of the year, regardless of whether their endeavors are as interesting as they are.
Whether she is probing at the ideas of the ties that bind us to a home or considering the morality of goat horns, she constantly nudges us to move around and, perhaps, get a better view.
The sense of delight is immediate and contagious.
There's nothing morbid in either the movie or in Varda's attitude toward the conclusion of an amazing and well-lived life.
"Faces Places" is a lively, fun, stirring tribute to art and its ability to touch people and bring souls together.
All in all, this is one of the most life-affirming documentaries I saw in 2017.
Faces Places is infectiously powerful, a film which made me want to leave the cinema and immediately do something creative.
... watching Faces Places is a reminder that there is a real country behind the fantasy one found in tourist brochures, or that of the haute, intellectual Paris.
At its most moving, most humanist moments, this film by an 89-year-old filmmaker and a 33-year-old street artist is about the heartbreaking ephemerality of art, about mortality, memory and the transient nature of everything, above all of life itself.
Faces Places ... is an absolutely charming and delightful documentary but it also has something to say about how we choose to live our lives.
A delicious road-movie... [Full review in Spanish]
There's a chemistry and respect between the two of them, palpable in the film's first moments, that is inspiring. And when the credits roll 89 minutes later, you realize that this is one journey where you never once crankily asked, "Are we there yet?"
A young film: it is drunk on the joy of creating things.
Marvelously creative collaboration with JR extends Varda's unique career and impact...combines her planning and wide-ranging connections with his improv and exuberant energy.
Gradually, Faces Places swivels from a documentation of an art project into a gentle meditation on the transitory nature of art, and indeed of life. It feels like an unplanned shift, but Varda is too clever for that.
Through it all, the directors tease each other playfully and, through play, reveal the seriousness of their methods.
Suffice it to say it amounts to one of the most bittersweet, affecting sequences Varda has ever captured
Conceptually simple yet completely unique, the charming film is both intensely personal and poignantly universal.
The film will be best appreciated by other photographers, but its theme of friendship and its spirit of seeking out the hidden value of the humanity around us make JR and Varda's film a worthwhile and relatable investment for most anyone.
Highly personal, searching, inventive, and constantly evolving in the most delightful ways.
Artists from two generations - the filmmaker Agnés Varda and the street artist JR - explore photography and memory in the most engaging ways possible in "Faces Places," a documentary that's as funny and as insightful as they are.
New Wave legend Agnes Varda and French photographer-muralist JR tour France spreading art and joy.
A playful and wonder-drenched documentary about an unusual creative collaboration.
...frames Varda quite differently than her previous, self-referential documentaries.
Anyone who can't enjoy this wise and soulful film has to consider whether they've given up on the movies, and on life.
You encounter isolation and loss in the film, as well as pleasure and workplace solidarity.
The large rural areas, houses, containers and farmers become titanic photographs that make the human face a landscape as admirable as any other work of nature or art. [Full review in Spanish]
Film legend Agnes Varda and photomuralist JR take us on a road-trip art project that is joyful, funny, and invites us to see the world through truly open eyes.
[A] delightful, artful road trip ...
Like any road trip worth anything of value, the film is unhurried and spontaneous...
The pair makes an oddly compelling Harold and Maude coupling, touring the countryside in a minibus-cum-box camera and honoring the locals by turning the facades of buildings into ephemeral open-air portrait galleries.
Faces Places is truly a joyous documentary, and qualifies as a must-see for any lover of cinema. If it is indeed Varda's final film, it's hard to think of a more effective goodbye.
This movie, a diary of a freewheeling, far-flung installation art project, combines chance and intuition and a humane eye.
Faces Places [is] an unassuming delight.
Faces Places is inspiring and reflective and works just as well as a mismatched buddy road comedy. It's pure cinematic joy.
Despite the documentary's delights, going to great lengths to create breathtaking photography and showing the finished result in all its perfected grandiloquence, the film works best as a portrait of the artists themselves.
Faces Places meditates on such loss, though it takes care not to be too bleak about it.
It all seems so idyllic that you might wonder if it is secretly scripted, or if Varda just edited out all the conflict. The world just can't be this lovely. Can it?
There's never been a film quite like this one.
This delightful, digressive, breezy collaboration, staged to look more spontaneous than it possibly could be, celebrates and enhances both artists, repeatedly finding the extraordinary in the ordinary.
"Faces Places" is a film of sheer joy, its exuberance surpassed only by its tenderness and purity of purpose.
Unforgettable, irresistible pastoral documentary, a restorative road trip.
I don't need a thesaurus to describe my reaction to Faces Places. I can sum it up in two words: pure pleasure.
... a testament to Varda's own talent and a truly special piece of filmmaking.
[A] celebratory, humane but never candy-coated documentary.
The reactions to the murals is one of many delights in this charming film.
"Faces Places" turns out to be a road movie in more than a merely literal sense. It is at once a roving journey into environments we rarely see in cinema and an incomplete but invaluable map of Varda's memories.
The film is a simple endeavor yet a monumental undertaking, a casual riff on some of the faces and places encountered by the artists and a thoughtful meditation on the past and the future of people and their French homeland.
Breezy, charming, and delightfully amusing albeit repetitive.
Faces Places is a celebration of Varda for fans of her work, and a strong introduction for those who haven't yet watched her films.
Though her stated point is "to bring ideas to new people and exchange them," it becomes more clear that it's equally important for the filmmaker simply to see as much as she can, as many people as she can, before she's unable.
As they make their way, sometimes merry, sometimes melancholy, a double-portrait of the artists forms. It's very moving.
What a joy it is to have a movie like this in our broken lives right now.
Through art, Agnès Varda and JR commemorate the stories of ordinary individuals and joyfully celebrate the communities they form.
The film, in which Varda sets out to document something of the daily realities of the people in a range of French villages, is a record of coincidence and risk.
Sheer perfection. French New Wave veteran Agnes Varda and the young photographer JR leap fearlessly into the art of making art in the year's best and most beguiling doc.
The film works just fine as an anthology of amiable encounters and improvised collaborations. But it's a lot more than that.
Unfolding as a series of thrift-shop-find vignettes, Faces Places has oodles of charm and moments of beauty, but lacks the essayistic point-of-view of Varda's best documentaries.
There is a real sweetness to this film, especially in Varda and JR's intergenerational chemistry, and its unfussy tone serves it well.
Anecdote and history converge wondrously and insightfully in this playful yet painstaking collaboration between the octogenarian director Agnès Varda and the thirtysomething photographer and muralist JR.
Agnès Varda and JR's film develops into something approaching a manifesto for the possibility of shared happiness.
Love, life, creativity, connection, accepting others and acknowledging that nothing is permanent are all a part of this charming documentary.
Faces Places is a wonderful film overall. But it is equally a refreshing counterpoint to the number of films about health, disability, and death that lack a tangible sense of understanding.
It also has a brilliant ending that takes [Agnes] Varda's interventionist elan in a deeply personal direction that she doesn't seem to anticipate.
This rich cross-generational exchange speaks to the persistence of French cinematic culture -- Varda's relationship with the pioneering filmmaker Jean-Luc Godard is a recurring theme -- while the doc itself is a delight, subtle, touching and entertaining.
Melancholic and whimsical, the film takes in the world at large. While a personal work, it embraces its surroundings.
A film that celebrates encounters both fleeting and enduring, that oversteps boundaries of generation, gender, and class.
The two characters demonstrate that the communion between the old and the new isn't only possible but ideal. [Full review in Spanish]
[An] extremely charming and original new film from Agnès Varda, who is joined by the perma-shaded and like-minded scamp, JR, on her whimsical journey to who-knows-where.
Agnès Varda, in the glory of her golden years, has become a humanist magician.
A poignant portrait that exposes the particular relationship between its two characters. [Full review in Spanish]
It's not advisable to advance anything about the result, but it's a moment of a heartbreaking intensity. [Full review in Spanish]
Visages, Villages is a movie about itself: the subjects are so warm and wonderful it's a wise move.
Varda has always possessed a warm and compulsively watchable screen presence, and the pint-sized iconoclast still has more pep in her step than most of us have ever had.
A playful, surprisingly powerful document of an attempt to understand France by looking closely at its people.
You can not help but admire a woman of almost 90 years still interested in making a fresh and personal cinema. [Full review in Spanish]
A film entirely based on loose brushstrokes, improvised strokes, happy intuitions and a penetrating look that goes through each and every one of its frames. [Full review in Spanish]
The filmmaker builds his character, he continues to self-represent using imagination to transform anything and break with all possible rigidity of the cinematographic gesture. [Full review in Spanish]
That the tone of the film is mostly breezy and charming leaves you quite unprepared for the sharp, brutal jab of its ending.
A lovely addition to the long line of personal documentaries about French life at ground level that Agnes Varda has been making throughout her entire career.
A treat for art fans and cinephiles fond of French film history, the whimsy and wisdom of "Faces, Places" is certain to win over a new generation of Agnes Varda and JR fans.
[An] utterly charming road movie documentary.

@highlight

Equal parts breezily charming and poignantly powerful, Faces Places is a unique cross-generational portrait of life in rural France from the great Agnès Varda.