A brilliant and idealistic soul sacrificed at the altar of Barack Obama's war on intellectual and political transparency.
Talking (egg)heads reiterate outrage over the Obama Justice Department's witch hunt against him, but Swartz's ex-girlfriend adds heart when she tearfully recalls first seeing the ''end date'' on his Wikipedia page.
Passionately tells a tragic tale of injustice.
I was hesitant about seeing this movie. I thought it was just another film glamorizing suicidal people. It turns out to be more of a celebration of the short, but incredibly productive life of Aron Swartz and the things he stood for.
Knappenberger argues that the case against Swartz was overzealously pursued in order to make an example of him and on the evidence presented here it's hard to disagree.
Brian Knappenberger's captivating film gives much to think about, including what oversight should be required when the government looks into our lives.
An essential - and enraging - documentary about the life, career, and death of Internet activist Aaron Swartz, a danger to corporate hegemony whose work could not be allowed to continue.
At times, the movie comes close to hagiography. But the archive clips reveal Swartz to have been sincere, clear-thinking and selfless.
The film builds up a portrait of a brilliant, driven, complex young man who's likely to be an iconic figure in the future, a sort of digital-age Che Guevara.
The sad untimely death of precocious internet maven Aaron Schwartz is the focus of this chilling doc.
For balance, it could have done with more material from the people who put such extraordinary effort into prosecuting Swartz, but that isn't for want of trying: many declined to contribute.
A moving documentary ...
Aaron Swartz wanted to make the world a better place, and this documentary makes sure you never forget that.
... a provocative examination of the ongoing issues that Swartz made his legacy.
Fascinating, maddening, and ultimately very sad.
The film not only canonizes its hero - who committed suicide amid a nasty federal indictment against him - but also brushes aside any big-picture concerns about national security and Internet piracy.
The emotional connections Knappenberger makes are extraordinary. And the depth of your involvement in Swartz's story is even greater.
Aaron Swartz's story should make you furious.
A distinctively human tale in a world of software development, Own Boy succeeds on many levels.
Deserves an Oscar nomination for Best Documentary.
"Both tragic and eye-opening. Go see it and get angry."
Docu focuses on activist's passion for open acces to info.
A touching, morally outraged portrait that, in memory of Swartz, may inspire people to ask hard questions about how the new world is being shaped away from view, behind closed doors.
At the time of the untimely suicide of twenty-six-year-old internet savant Aaron Swartz, I was blindsided by the loss, and on that day I compiled everything I could find in a blog entry.
A potent, frightening and poignant reminder of how easy it is to lose democracy in modern day America. If this were 1930s Germany, DOJ prosecutors Carmen Ortiz and Stephen Heymann would probably work for Adolf Hitler.
Swartz might be better served by a sensitive actor's portrayal in a future dramatic biopic.
A moving documentary that will leave you heartsick as well as more than a little angry.
A devastating meditation on what can happen when a prescient thinker challenges corporate interests and the power of the state.
The documentary's release as the net neutrality debate rages will only underscore what we have lost.
A documentary whose chief aims - at which it succeeds - are to mourn a fallen activist angel and rile audiences into rage.
Knappenberger's documentary is smart and focused, homing in on a recurring theme of independence.
Aaron Swartz's life story is a tragedy, but not for the reasons the makers of The Internet's Own Boy would have you believe.
The bits and bytes come fast, and not always with context. Still, the loss of a man whose gifts were on the cutting edge is felt deeply.
Tragic, maybe overly burnished portrait of online activist Aaron Swartz nevertheless turns his federal prosecution into a crisp indictment of government hypocrisy and intimidation.
See the movie, flaws and all, simply to see where you stand in this digital river that runs through all our lives, connecting and isolating us in ways we're barely able to comprehend.
It's a call to action in the form of an adoring profile, which is effective (and affecting) strategy, but narrow, propagandistic filmmaking.
Will upset you. As it should.
A system that tries to scare harmless do-gooders into submission does America no credit. In this case, it succeeded all too horribly well.
May his death not be in vain.
The Internet's Own Boy builds a strong case against the American government, whose insatiable ability to continually undermine its basic democratic principles caused the sad demise of one of the internet's great heroes.
A cautionary tale about the power of entrenched financial interests in an era of unlimited information access.
A movie that preaches to its rafters-raising choir.
The Internet's Own Boy: The Story of Aaron Swartz connects the dots of Swartz's past, assembling a vivid portrait of a sensitive genius with a strong moral sense.
Straightforward in telling Swartz' story..a solid film on an important topic,
Excellent newbie-friendly account of a story that rocked the Web's cognoscenti.
The film is far from a technical matter, fiercely promoting Swartz's legacy and challenging us with the same questions its central subject was compelled to ask.
The Internet's Own Boy speaks volumes to our current reality, with Swartz emerging as the new face of Liberty leading the people.
They say the good die young. Aaron Swartz died young.
It could use a touch more balance, but The Internet's Own Boy: The Story of Aaron Swartz is a passionate, angry piece of factual filmmaking about the fate of revolutionary thinking in the modern world.
[Knappenberger] present [the factual complexities of Swartz's case] in sterling clarity, and without condescending to a less informed audience
Delves into the cyber-martyr's legacy and early prophesy of doom regarding NSA revelations and the surveillance state. And illuminates the unique traits of fearlessness and the courage to risk acting on convictions, that define human beings like Aaron.
A moving tribute and history lesson...Brian Knappenberger continues to deliver easily digestible docs on some of the most important movements and issues of our time.
It isn't great cinema, but it's capable and gripping advocacy filmmaking that took less than a year, start to finish, and will introduce a much wider audience to the issues behind the life and death of Aaron Swartz.
A really wonky documentary and it's full of smart, socially awkward people trying to make it easy to process the case's key jargon.
A spellbinding portrait of the Internet whiz kid's life and political convictions, which were cut short by his suicide in early 2013.
Knappenberger's film is a heavy watch, mostly using talking heads and footage of Swartz before his death to to tell a story which comes to question the state of civil liberties in the US.


@highlight

Informative and enraging in equal measure, The Internet's Own Boy: The Story of Aaron Swartz uses its subject's tragic tale to deliver an impassioned call to action.