A love story, but not the classic head-over-heels story where it's Juliet's destiny to meet her Romeo and live out a tragic situation that ends in tears. [Full review in Spanish]
Margueritte is played by Gisèle Casadesus, a spry and still beautiful 96-year-old veteran... and one of the pleasures of Becker's film is being able to feast your eyes on a face like hers, which has an entire lifetime etched into its lines.
My Afternoons with Margueritte itself is hardly brain food for viewers-it's more like a still-warm, home-baked cookie, celluloid comfort food.
No será una gran película, pero es un raro ejemplar en estos días cuyo hallazgo produce un placer inusual. Gérard Depardieu ofrece una actuación conmovedora.
There's no reason this cliché-ridden French drama should work, but it does, and there's the beauty of it.
a small charming film that only the French could create.
Casadesus - at 97, a French national treasure who has been wowing stage and screen audiences since the 1930s - tenderly manages to make great literature sound like conversation, and vice versa.
A sweet puff of a film, My Afternoons With Margueritte is as disarming as it is absurd.
[Depardieu] is as emblematic of his country as Tom Hanks is of ours, and "My Afternoons With Margueritte" is his "Forrest Gump." Only better.
Only the good aspects of traditional village culture concern writer-director Jean Becker, who aims for charm rather than profundity, and hits the bull's-eye with this leisurely film.
It's a lovely French character study.
The two actors and director/co-writer Jean Becker treat it as if it were a masterpiece. And maybe it is.
There isn't much to Jean Becker's movie, but what there is, is charming... You won't regret spending eighty minutes not only with Marguerite but with Germain, too.
The happy ending lays it on too thick, but what the hell: In for a dime, in for a dollar.
A predictable, undernourished love story.
It's a lovely movie.
Subtly sweet and compassionate, appealing to art-house filmgoers of a certain age.
It's determined to look on the bright side. The film isn't about the actor's intelligence. It's about his emotional radiance.
A movie the likes of which the Nouvelle Vague was supposed to have disposed decades ago.
The film is leisurely paced, as many French films are, and not much actually happens, but as a character study, it feels true, and ultimately moving.
Though mostly sunny, Afternoons has its chills.
By the time the film ends, you'll honestly believe you've just spent a languid afternoon in a lovely coastal village, and with excellent company.
The story is sentimental and slight, but the chemistry between Depardieu and Casadesus makes up for any faults.
This little gem is all about the nature of chance encounters and how they can change us in unexpected ways.
It rarely rises above the pedestrian.
An appealing coming-of-middle-age comedy, My Afternoons With Margueritte exhibits a pleasantly light touch even when dealing with some fairly weighty issues.
A tender and touching love story in a small French town where two unlikely people connect in an appealing and magical way.
An affable reminder that the French are just as capable of making cornball cinema as any Hollywood studio.
A movie that parts the clouds to reveal a surprising sunniness.
That so many of the colossal yokel's mental states are literalized, as when the screen fills with thousands of rats while Margueritte reads Camus's The Plague aloud to her new pal, typifies the movie's antipathy to nuance.
This sentimental tale of a barely literate man's awakening at the hands of an elderly bibliophile is generally as painless as it is hackneyed.
Utterly charming, delightfully acted story of the unlikely friendship between a 90-something bibliophile and the illiterate village handyman she meets in their small village park.
...manages to transcend formula with terrific performances and skillful storytelling.
A heaping pile of cliches doesn't prevent this touchingly simplistic tale from exuding a strong and universal emotional appeal.
It's got a fable-like, fairytale ambience that's just this side of corny, but that kind of hope is very seductive.
A disarming film with a pair of deftly judged performances at its centre, Jean Becker's My Afternoons With Margueritte risks sentimentality, but maintains a sense of lightness that is its saving grace.
Perfectly pleasant, if mildly underwhelming French feel-gooder.
The danger is that it becomes sentimental, but there is a difference between sentiment imposed and sentiment earned. The film has only the latter.
There is a rather too neat resolution, but it's not one that anyone could really object to. This is a sweet, gentle, unashamedly sentimental film.
While light on plot and a little slow at times, the real standouts here are the two lead actors who create an utterly believable and moving bond.
An unlikely friendship is the heartbeat to this undeniably sweet French drama My Afternoons with Margueritte.
What a lovely way to spend an afternoon.
Leaves the sugar at home but still provides a sweetly simple experience.
An entertaining piece of pure Frenchness which reminds us of the value of older people in a world where the potential for lifelong ''education, education, education'' exists everywhere all of the time.
Sweet-centred and unashamedly sentimental, My Afternoons With Margueritte is a warm and generous film.
Small but perfectly formed, this unassuming French comedy is smart, emotionally engaging and often very funny.
Depardieu and Casadesus make a sweet enough pair to ensure this is pleasantly diverting...
A parochial French time-passer which waddles along amiably and then ends unforgivably.
This modest story works because of committed performances from both actors.
While it's never going to set the box office alight, it was a pleasure to watch this charmer from France.
You really will need a sweet tooth for this one. Or rather, you will need a complete set of dentures made out of Mars Bars and Creme Eggs.
A saccharine prose poem over the closing credits underlines the nausea.
Gisèle Casadesus as the biddy and Depardieu as the lunkhead guide us towards their own unshowy truth.
Shades of his own Obelix screen persona colour Gérard Depardieu's performance as an illiterate handyman in this cosy but lightweight small-town tale.
Charming slice of small-town France.
There is a sweet chemistry between Depardieu and Casadesus, but their wry interactions are lost within a rambling, frothy non-story that aims squarely for the heart over the head.
Adapted from Marie-Sabine Roger's novel, this is a modest heartwarmer enlivened by subtle performances and a colourful supporting cast.
Heart-warming French drama with a superb script and a terrific central performance from Gerard Depardieu.
Depardieu's the best he's been for years, while 95-year-old Casadesus is a sheer delight.


@highlight

It's sentimental and treacly, but that's not enough to prevent My Afternoons with Margueritte from being truly affecting.