The sum total is a black hole of blinding pain.
Elektra Luxx has its moments, but the overriding reaction is "Why?" Not only did its predecessor not merit a sequel by anyone's standards, but this is a forgettable film briefly buoyed by lines and energetic performances.
Writer/director Sebastian Gutierrez is all over the map with a bizarre multi-character drama that never really clicks.
Offbeat, and powered by a game cast, but also full of spun-off asides and backstories that aren't smoothly integrated into the final product, or made to have forward-reaching consequences.
An odd but often laugh-out-loud funny mix of absurdist humor, raunchy backstories, and genuine pathos.
Everything about this movie is off.
While I admired the acting, it just never really came together into a cohesive whole that I could appreciate, but it's still an interesting, laudable attempt at making something different.
'Elektra'-fying!
Not that there's a lot of substance here in the first place. Gutierrez's movie is superficial and slick in most respects, and if not for its amazing cast of veteran and up-and-coming character actors I don't there would be much here to talk about.
Carla Gugino and Joseph Gordon-Levitt perform superhuman work trying to keep this mess together, but can only do so much when faced with such arbitrarily plotted nonsense.
Gugino and the rest of the mostly female cast clearly savor the chance to strip and swear in a free-play environment, which is a nice way of saying the film is hopelessly flabby and lacks coherence.
I loved the film's humor and subversive attitude. The entire cast is fantastic, with (Julianne) Moore's brief appearance (as the Virgin Mary) a particularly nice touch.
Has some scattered witty notions, but it is not funny.
A porn star's midlife crisis makes for a limp story in "Elektra Luxx."
Too ramshackle and sloppy to leave much of a lasting impression.
Despite the fine thesping seen in this innocuous piece of fluff, the whole amounts to less than the sum of its parts.
"Elektra Luxx" has a playful, breezy sexiness that gives the world of the film, porn biz and all, a refreshing innocence.
You sense that the characters, as much as we, are waiting for something to happen.
"Elektra Luxx'' needs a star whose secret weapon is that she only looks and sounds as dumb as people think she is. It needs Melanie Griffith.
sometimes clever, sometimes just odd
The intended colorful irreverence looks a lot like standard indie quirk.
The whole thing feels too sketchy, too tossed-off, to hang together as a movie. But as a TV series - on HBO, Starz, Showtime or even FX - this material might actually work.
Sebastián Gutiérrez joins the ranks of directors who have employed their wives or loved ones as sex objects in their pictures. Unfortunately, he has none of the talent of a Jean-Luc Godard or even a Brian De Palma.
In the grand tradition of Critters 4 and Hellraiser 7 comes Elektra Luxx, a sequel to a motion picture few actually saw...an overly talky and scattered feature, but so was 2009's Women in Trouble.
The picture is rambunctiously affectionate; Guiterrez may go for the broad joke, but never the cheap one.
It isn't clever enough to be even momentarily diverting, and it's about as sexy as oatmeal.
Gutierrez clearly has great affection for his characters, but his artless, airless construction gives audiences scant chance to understand why.
Micro-budgeted sequel improves on its obscure predecessor while giving ample screen time to actresses who don't get enough elsewhere.
While milking humor and pathos from porn is a fine idea, Elektra Luxx is too reverent to land any real punches.
Elektra Luxx only offers a sliver of what made [Women in Trouble] one of 2009's underrated gems.
Few sequels are less warranted than Elektra Luxx, a follow-up to 2009's multi-character mess Women in Trouble.
While there's certainly trouble to be had, just like its predecessor, Women in Trouble, the characters manage to keep you from completely dismissing this sloppy mess.

@highlight

A bizarre sex comedy full of meandering subplots, some occasional wit, and, unfortunately, not a whole lot of funny jokes.