The Way He Looks is tight, well balanced and good humored. It depicts the subtle pain of rejection, conflict and jealousy without being disproportionately melodramatic.
The film offers something much deeper, and what is not said makes it refreshing, and beautiful.
...the execution is heartfelt and the actors charming.
There are a lot of 'coming of age' movies and a lot of romantic comedies, but very few good ones. This is one of those rare good ones. It isn't a great film, but it is certainly a good one.
Brazilian writer-director Daniel Ribeiro displays an assured sense of tone in this debut feature, sustaining an air of fragile beauty but never once slipping into preciousness.
Anyone with a disability or who has variously challenged people in their lives (which is pretty much all of us), will enjoy the feeling of hope that permeates director/writer Daniel Ribeiro's entry into the gay, coming-of-age genre.
Daniel Ribeiro's slightly corny, proficiently visualized coming-of-age tale floats on the strains of B&S' music as he imagines a triangle between a blind boy, his best female friend and the new boy in school.
Writer Daniel Ribeiro shows a talent in creating a believable YA story that is not conventional in style, content and tone and directs his young cast with a deft hand.
Ribeiro lacks a sense of dramatic construction, with the narrative stumbling about thoughtlessly, retracing the same ground over and over.
A charming teen drama bursting with a warmth and compassion unexpected in the genre, and with a freshly sweet surprise of young love.
There aren't any surprises in "The Way He Looks," but this warm, finely acted Brazilian drama still ranks among the more resonant and satisfying teen-centered tales in recent memory.
Brazilian gay coming-of-age tale, almost quaint in its old-fashioned sweetness and gentle dramatics.
The film takes pleasure in the simplest moments. And sometimes that's all you can ask for.
A warm, smart and thoroughly delightful coming-of-age story.
"Admirable throughout is the balance that Ribeiro strikes between dewy eroticism and the contextualization of sexuality as just a single aspect of one's identity, albeit an essential one."
The Way He Looks almost collapses at several points into a saccharine mess, but Ribeiro manages to keep the dramatic tension alive.
Part of what makes this Brazilian coming-of-age drama so winning is the way it declines to make a big deal out of what is arguably a big deal.
With his saccharine ending, writer-director Daniel Ribeiro puts escapist entertainment above meaningfully addressing the challenges faced by disabled or gay youths.
The movie feels like the gentle first chapter in Leo's story; life and love stretch out ahead of him, like a deliciously winding road.
The pleasures of understatement abound in the assured drama "The Way He Looks," a quiet, closely observed high school romance set in São Paulo, Brazil.
A quietly affecting little film with characters who ingratiate themselves into your heart.
Ribeiro has an uncanny eye for the telling emotional gesture, and "The Way He Looks" is full of them.
The movie's overarching compassion does count for a lot.
Ribeiro poignantly reminds us of unexpected first loves and the triumphs of being attracted to someone who truly cares about and understands you.
The film's happy ending is ... worthy of a teenage sneer.
The sweet and beautifully observed feature debut of Brazilian writer-director Daniel Ribeiro.
Everyone will root for the two teen protags in Daniel Ribeiro's sweet gay coming-of-age debut, The Way He Looks, since the boys are so likable and their route to first love has an undeniably touching quality.
What progressively mounts tension is the film's understanding of a boy's gradually realized homosexuality as being inextricable from the central metaphor of compromised vision.
[An] unremarkable but engaging coming-of-age drama from Brazil.
Ribeiro builds a sweet mood but heart is only lightly warmed.
The whole thing has warm, positive messages to transmit about physical difference and teen sexuality.
With the characters rarely verbalising their attraction, Ribeiro impresses by conveying Leonardo's awakening through elegant long takes and the actors' endearing chemistry.
This portrait of love and friendship among middle-class teens in São Paulo is sweet and sensitive, even if it has little especially new to say.
The film's sunny disposition and affirmative message are very appealing and only the coldest heart could resist rooting for the two boys to find their happy ending.
Touching and well-acted, Brazil's Best Foreign Film entry is a worthy Oscar candidate.
Presented with such amicability and sincerity, you feel inspired and giddy at the close of play.
Humano, sensível e generoso como seu protagonista.

@highlight

Compassionate, emotionally detailed, and populated with resonant characters, The Way He Looks leaves a warmth that lingers.