You won't be able to resist its satiric blend of government conspiracy and old Norse mythology.
A leisurely, shambling, deadpan movie about a man who finds trolls and kills them. That's enough.
Not nearly as much fun as it might have been, neither consistently funny nor remotely scary.
Trollhunter adopts the form of a found footage documentary, which translates as lots of banal conversations, abundant shots of the Scandinavian countryside, and competent but shaky handheld camerawork.
TrollHunter is both creepy and funny, a clever combination for this sly monster movie.
... this one is well worth the troll hunt to find.
What do you get when you combine Cloverfield with Nordic Trolls? This very funny monster mockumentary.
The trolls here all are the spitting image of Muppets with a hyperthyroid problem. In fact, imagine a Sweetums doll after three wash cycles.
The film is shot with handheld cameras in the standard mockumentary style, but the content is often hilarious, especially when the trolls show up.
This found-film sci-fi trolls-on-the-loose story works well enough as a kind of tongue-in-cheek comedy spoofing films of this kind and the sheer idiocy behind these kinds of conspiracy theories.
It never seemed more than a student film.
TROLLHUNTER is an unexpected pleasure for viewers who can shudder at the horrific aspects while still appreciating the humor.
Delightfully silly and likely to etch the battle-cry of "troll!" into audiences' minds long after its end.
There's fun to be had if you're willing to surrender to it.
Richly deserves an audience.
[A] funny, scary, highly individual horror flick...
Øvredal's Troll Hunter delivers an earnest fantasy adventure bathed in Nordic spirit and folklore that captures the heart, as well as the imagination.
One of the year's most blindingly brilliant films.
Øvredal's movie has wittier ideas up its sleeve than the average "mock-doc" shocker, a genre it transcends through sheer originality.
Jespersen is a veteran comedian and he uses all his gravitas and dry wit to make us care about a lonely man on the verge of a crisis of faith.
There's tons of delicious suspense of the horror-flick variety... and plenty of Spielbergian shock-awe... but what makes it one of the most satisfying examples of found-footage flicks yet is its observational, journalistic ethos.
The film begins strongly, but once past the half-hour mark loses energy and direction.
Already there are plans for a Hollywood remake, and it's easy to see how it could improve on the original.
The scenes involving the trolls themselves are spectacular, but somehow not scary exactly: they look too absurd for that.
It's sluggish in places and too long but has a memorable hero in Hans and remains amusingly straight-faced.
It's a marvellous, sly film which, had it managed to be a little more frightening, would have been a masterpiece.
The fjords look good and it's all fairly watchable, if full of holes.
Given that the cast improvised all the scenes live on set, the dialogue has a surprising ring of truth, and is shot through with an unexpected, often unsettling, humour.
Features a great deal of wit, but perhaps not enough bite.
An American remake is in the works. Ignore it and treat yourself to this monstrously good film.
Enjoy it before the inevitable sequels and Hollywood remake sully its memory.
You might need to take a Norwegian guide along to explain various local references and identify the specific trolls, but Troll Hunter's proud cultural identity - tremble, a US remake is in the works - is its strongest suit. It's wry, spectacular fun.
It may be an ultimately gimmicky post-modern take on local folklore, but it is still something of a hoot.
hardly the first film to lend authenticity to the utterly implausible by mimicking the modalities of reportage (see The Blair Witch Project and Cloverfield), but it is distinguished by both a deep seam of deadpan humour and a strong sense of place.
A true one-off, with all the frustrated expectations that entails.
The Troll Hunter may sound like something you'd drunkenly chance upon at a midnight drive-in, but it's a consistently thrilling, surprisingly intriguing creature feature that demonstrates there's still plenty of wiggle room in the found footage subgenre.
What's most entertaining about the film is the manner in which it draws from established fairy tales and folklore to paint its monsters, and what's most interesting about it is how it depicts Hans as a working-class stiff who's tired of a thankless job.
It's so steeped in troll and paranoia lore, it risks boring you with the details at times. But it also makes you more inclined to believe it, and the frights are real enough.
Playing such silliness this straight is quite a challenge and Troll Hunter pulls it off.
For all its technical accomplishment and cultural specificity, Trollhunter never really clicks on all cylinders. It's mostly droll, but doesn't consistently foment either dread or delight, owing to a need for sharper characterizations.
Trollhunter is a great deal funnier and more fun than Blair Witch, with wilder special effects and more creative monsters.
An entertaining effort with "cult following" written all over it.
Beneath its "Blair Witch Project" faux-vérité facade is a smart and "Ghostbusters"-like funny fantasy film rich in Norwegian folklore.
Those fog-draped fjords provide a distractingly pretty backdrop to this tale of mysterious, massive creatures who roam the forest by night, searching for Christians on whom to munch.
A drolly deadpan horror comedy...a sly, cheeky movie that shows how an old genre can be successfully resuscitated with approached with imagination rather than just a big budget.
A solid enough genre movie that it can support actual intelligence and characterisation, and well-enough characterised that it's more than just a solid genre movie.
Director André Øvredal can be a little on the nose when going after his allegorical targets, but the winking humor keeps it from getting too heavy handed.
May the Norse be with you.
I couldn't decide if "TrollHunter" was trying to be funny or scary, but I can tell you it succeeds at neither.
It can't seem to make up its mind about whether it wants to frighten us or make us laugh. It does a little bit of both, to be sure, but not nearly enough of either to make much of a lasting impression.
"Trollhunter" has a lot of down time as the crew treks to the fjords, but it's also got dryly subversive humor and, eventually, some impressive special effects.
With impressive technical credits, stunning fjord and forest locations and a winking ownership of its own absurdity, "Trollhunter" manages to be at once spooky, satirical and endearing.
It's contrived, but that doesn't keep it from being kinda nifty.
André Øvredal's enjoyably goofy scare-pic purports to offer real footage of real horror - in this case, a variety of forest and mountain trolls...
Once again, material for a great short film has been expanded to feature length at its peril and ours. Still, this is clever stuff and surprisingly engrossing on its own terms.
TrollHunter has its scary moments, particularly toward the end of the film, but it's also hilarious in a dry, Scandinavian sort of way.
If you just go with it, Troll Hunter may satisfy your taste for cult campiness.
Excellent special effects...Offers some unique and entertaining modern twists on the legends of old.
The film, shot on natural locations in Norway, benefits enormously from the breathtaking beauty of the country, and it looks like a much bigger-budget film than it is.
A monster movie with a love for mountainous, tree-lined Scandinavian scenery and an even greater love for setting memorably ugly, hulking and destructive mythological creatures against it.
They spend a great deal of time roaring, bleating, squealing and snorting at a very high volume, which is, after a point, too much of a muchness.
A lot of fun, thanks to some terrific special effects and a knowing script that cleverly riffs on existing troll mythology; however, it is slightly too long and suffers from a frustrating lack of character development.
Finding a balance between serious and silly is something The Troll Hunter does astonishingly well.
Writer-director André Øvredal's unique, ultimately puzzling "horror" adventure has the advantage of going places that Hollywood has neglected.
For a small indie film from Norway, Trollhunter rocks it gargantuan style and then some.
Successful on multiple levels, with a brisk pace, excellent location work and a strong lead performance by Norwegian comedian Otto Jespersen.
Fun comic horror with a classic tough-guy protagonist and just the right amount of frigid, Norwegian atmosphere.
A drily comic blend of irresistible ingredients that gets better as it goes along.
The more you watch, the more deeply its funky vibe works on you.
[I] came away from it more pro-troll than anti, if only because you could feel the movie trying its best to be awesome even when it failed.
This is what happens when the Norwegians try to make their own "Blair Witch Project": We get three-headed trolls that hate Vitamin D and references to "Deliverance."
You'll want to catch this clever movie before Hollywood ruins everything with a dumb remake.
[It] must be admitted that writer/director André Øvredal fantastical real world fairy tale opus gets the job done, delivering a 90-minute entertainment that's as silly and nonsensical as it is a heck of a lot of fun.
Genially simpleminded and more sweet than scary, Trollhunter never settles on a tone. Fairytale fantasy, supernatural comedy, serious horror? All are sampled, to the detriment of the whole.
One of the many pleasures of the Norwegian director André Ovredal's clever and engaging mock documentary "Trollhunter" is the way it plays with the idea of the supernatural rule book.
In every sense, Troll Hunter lives up to its ridiculous name and premise.
Here's what's not so good in Troll Hunter: the actual troll hunting.
The Blair Witch Project, with trolls: Deadpan, dead-on Norwegian mockumentary is destined to be a classic of its kind.
Even as a minor work, it's full of good humor, clever ideas and a handful of solid suspense sequences.
90 minutes of jolly giant ogre mayhem
Exists somewhere between The Blair Witch Project and a particularly edgy Rankin/Bass holiday special. It's a crafty motion picture with ingenious visual effects and a healthy sense of humor, but it overstays its welcome.
It's a genre hybrid that makes something new from discarded cultural parts and a truly goofy premise.
As the stoic titular slayer, Otto Jespersen is the one actor who holds you.
Ovredal's man-to-monster compositions alternately recall Tiananmen Square or the destruction of New York's WTC, and then evoke the obligation of witnessing such deeds.
Like the folks who dreamed up lycanthropy, the Trollhunter writers either have an abundance of imagination or they've been smoking a controlled substance.
The film takes off into a witty realm of nonplussed responses and folklore made roaringly real.
As de-mythologizings go, Trollhunter has neither the wit, nor art, nor social insight to honor the legacy of George A. Romero's Martin.
Yes, Troll Hunter is derivative, but Ovredal seamlessly assembles his reference points with a steady ability to do them proud.
In a filmic landscape littered with the lurching corpses of zombies and the emotional angst of vampires, it's refreshing to be presented with a mythology that is less familiar.
An example of just how much bang indie filmmakers these days can get with their bucks. Hollywood, are you listening?
The coolest monster movie import since The Host.
Trollhunter is the best 'found footage' movie ever.
[VIDEO] Writer/director André Øvredal would have done better to skip the now-obsolete-found-footage-trope to couch his goofy monster movie.
A monster thrill ride that combines handheld camerawork with rollicking action reminiscent of Jurassic Park.
...plays like a northern response to Gareth Edwards's "Monsters," using the found footage device of "Cloverfield" with dashes of "Jurassic Park" and the satirical humor of neighboring Finland's "Rare Exports."
A monster movie-disaster film hybrid that doesn't take itself too seriously. The combination works beautifully making the piece wildly enjoyable and surprisingly believable, too.
Another faux-verité action-horror effort that manages to be clever without being actually terrifying or thrilling.
For such a direct and plainly titled film, Trollhunter doesn't have a clue as to what it wants to be.
The Troll Hunter is refreshingly devoid of pretension, jettisoning all self-aware smugness (the downfall of Matt Reeve's similarly-constructed Cloverfield, 2008) in favour of being the best darn monster yarn it can be.
An enjoyably off-kilter hybrid of The Blair Witch Project and Where the Wild Things Are.
Enormously entertaining chiller.
With all of the troll roaring, people chasing, and mythological elements, 'The Troll Hunter' is easily the 'Jurassic Park' of first-person horror.


@highlight

Trollhunter is a mockumentary with an appropriate level of creeping dread, but one that also benefits from generous helpings of dry wit.