A solid balance between set-up, conflict, and horrific execution. Just a well-made horror film all around.
All build and no bang.
The Children is a surprisingly tense, slow-brewing horror film that plays on current trends (rabid flu-like infections) and refreshes old clichéd conventions (killer children).
As killer kid horror movies go, 'The Children' is easily one of the best.
Borrowing liberally from classic evil-children horrors, the gruesome deaths are inventive, but this is more about killer set-pieces than a satisfying story. A respectable genre outing.
Shankland's approach is oblique rather than graphic, but these icy chills will send shivers down your spine.
Watching The Children is like listening to babies cry. Unsettling and exasperating, you pray for it to stop.
The grown-ups, rather hysterically, blame each others' parenting skills. The plot promptly disintegrates into a gory struggle for credibility against appalling odds.
The fundamentally disturbing and creepy aspects about such random and unpredictable child-centric mayhem are always present, no matter how ludicrously intense and darkly humorous things get.
This efficient British chiller ticks the right boxes.
The Children could be a blackly comic warning to give kids their MMR jabs, an anti (or pro) abortion metaphor (one male victim looks like they're giving birth and Toynton's character was almost aborted), or simply a bloody, good horror film.
A novel idea that deserves a remake with better effects, better writing and better acting.
The idea of cosseted middle-class tots becoming feral psychopaths has potential, though most of it is squandered by uncertain direction and some unconvincing psychology.
While hampered by a miniscule budget, young performers and a plot with a few holes, director Tom Shankland proves a master of suspense.
The movie is surprisingly gory and suspenseful: a joyous corrective to the festive cheer.
a creepy genre treat that is damn-near perfect in its execution.

@highlight

Unsettling and spine-chilling low-budget British horror, with effective and disturbing scares.