tries to do too much and fails
Raunchy comedy for adults only.
Soul Plane is like seeing an uncomfortably unfunny stand-up comedy routine acted out and stretched to a feature-length film.
Those expecting an African-American Airplane! will be disappointed. This movie isn't even as subtle as that.
Surprisingly enough (in fact, I am shocked), this film gets a lot of laughs.
...it's hard not to be offended by a sequence in which an Arab man boards the airplane - much to the shock and horror of everyone around him.
How best to explain a film this mean-spirited, this unfunny--this dispiriting?
A s******ing style of humour that might have seemed funny in theory, but virtually nothing sparks on screen.
Nothing more than racial stereotype after racial stereotype.
Come back the Wayans Brothers, all is forgiven. Even Scary Movie 2.
Cries out for the guiding hand of one of the Zucker Brothers or, even better, a genuine satirist like John Ridley, who wrote the subversive Undercover Brother.
The Airplane! formula gets reworked as a raunchy sendup of black racial stereotypes, but the movie has an aura of bad sketch comedy.
Uneven, but often very funny.... When it spoofs black culture, the movie connects solidly.
Outrageous and sporadically funny [but] just wait for video.
The lesson of Soul Plane: Being white is so much less fun than being black.
Come fly with me? Thanks, no, I'd rather pay cross-country cab fare.
Stoners will enjoy; everyone else should stay home and watch "Chappelle's Show".
...a hideous hip hop spoof of the most disposable kind. This is the worst kind of racial rubbish suited appropriately for the barf bag.
The makers of Soul Plane simply have no taste -- and they try to make up for it by demonstrating that they also have no talent.
Long before landing, the movie's tireless minstrel-show mentality sends it into a nosedive.
An imbecilic film that's about as punishing as a four-hour flight delay.
This nearly plotless movie follows the maiden voyage of NWA (a moniker that seems to be the extent of the film's wit) through a torrent of stale ghetto jokes in the vein exhausted years ago by the Wayans brothers.
Older audiences will be offended by most of what passes for comedy in Soul Plane, but there's no denying that younger, hip hop flavored crowds should be quite amused.
There's talent in this cast... [and] forcing these performers to run through the contorted non-humor of Soul Plane is simply a disaster.
This just never took off for me.
...the film delivers half of the time, which is why I would recommend it on the video front...
This movie should be titled "Foul Plane" it is so offensive and humorless.
Soul Plane will likely inspire viewers to immediately rewatch Airplane! to wash out the bad taste this new movie pollutes into their mouths.
The IMDB informs that director Jessy Terrero is the nephew of "Raising Victor Vargas'" grandmother...I can only hope she slapped him upside the head for this.
If this was directed by a white guy it would be deemed racist, and rightly so.
Soul Plane is a great premise searching for a better script.
Hand out the barf bags...the level of tastelessness and vulgarity should cause cultural security checkpoints to go off.
An hour and a half of real airplane turbulence is better than sitting through the bad, offensive material that makes up Soul Plane.
Makes up for what it lacks in genuine humor by overdosing viewers with outrageous sexuality and outsize stereotypes.
This flight should have been permanently delayed due to extraordinarily offensive conditions.
Sloppy, uneven, vulgar, lowbrow and often very funny, Jessy Terrero's debut movie might be called Airport Car Wash Scary Movie.
A slapdash affair that pitches jokes at all races, creeds and stupidities, but it turns casualness into a virtue.
No doubt Soul Plane sounds more offensive than it is when seen. That doesn't make it more than passable burlesque, but burlesque has its place, too.
A better- than-average comedy that is raunchy and tasteless but ultimately funny from beginning to end.
How bad is Soul Plane? It stars Tom Arnold -- and he's not the worst thing in it.
To say that the movie is in bad taste is to shower it with praise, since it exists to create the sort of laughter that wells up when people know they're not supposed to laugh.
Soul Plane is about 'the first urban' (black) airline, whose motto is 'We fly. We party. We land.' They left out 'We potty.'
Movies like Soul Plane give bad taste a bad name.
This one-joke comedy vehicle is flying through a laugh-free zone.
Nearly unwatchable.
No one is spared the movie's raunchy political incorrectness.
This one rates a direct flight to video.
If it's not funny to you that a bunch of white passengers in polo shirts would say 'Oh, goody!' when they hear the in-flight movie stars Sandra Bullock, then don't bother with the rest of Soul Plane.
An uproarious hip-hop spin on Airplane! boasting just the right mix of sass and sentiment.
A relentless sucker punch to black entrepreneurship.
More depressing than airplane food.
A real hit-and-miss compendium of racial, intoxicant and sex jokes that could have used more narrative push and stronger quality control.
The jokes fly faster than the plane, but the humor cruising level is closer to the old TV series Flying High than to Airplane.
What Airplane! would have been if the only joke in the movie were the two black guys and Barbara Billingsley "speaking jive" with them
The momentum dies so quickly, you expect oxygen masks to drop from the ceiling.
Snoop looks stranded as Captain Mack, showing no sign of the comedic rhythms he's demonstrated in every other film or video in which he's appeared.
The laughs are abundant for the first half, but then a plot and some tastelessly out of place jokes bog down what might have been a classic comedy.
A third of the way into Soul Plane, maybe earlier if you're in the right mood or with the wrong company, you might actually start to enjoy disliking the movie.
It's okay, but far from a joy ride.
Offers nothing but degrading stereotypes and repulsive toilet humor.
The sins of Soul Plane go beyond racial and sexual stereotyping. It's just not funny.
I don't think I would want to fly the big purple plane sitting on spinners, but it would be cool as the in-flight movie.
Soul Plane insults regardless of race or creed
Rowdy and funny, Soul Plane's sense of humor is often sharper than what most people would expect.
[A]n appalling array of stereotypes that insults even its own intended audience...
I laughed my lily-white *** off! Soul Plane is hilarious. It's a funked-out Airplane - that silly stoo-pid fun movie not trying to prove anything to anyone.
... a clumsy attempt at a hip-hop Airplane.
There's a raunchy enthusiasm that carries the flick through the (rather frequent) moments of familiarity and tedium.
Soul Plane begins as a high-spirited romp before running out of gas and ideas about halfway up the tarmac.
90 minutes of amateurish, adolescent yuks.
So broad and relentlessly raunchy that it makes a spoof like Airplane seem as demure as a vintage drawing-room comedy.
Unoriginal, unrelentingly vulgar and, worst, unfunny.
It's just not very funny.
Soul Plane starts out as an exuberant romp but soon gets trapped in a holding pattern of dumb sex and toilet jokes.
It might be pushing it to recommend this movie for full admission, but it's probably worth a matinee or rental.
Soul Plane should come with an air-sickness bag.
There is a thin line between breaking down stereotypes with humor and perpetuating them to get a cheap laugh, and this movie crosses over that line several times.
Soul Plane recycles its few jokes again and again and yet again, running out of fuel long before touchdown.
I know that during the film my abs got a workout. But it became increasingly difficult to distinguish between a belly laugh and visceral recoil.
Starts out as an amiable send-up of black enterprise before stumbling into the familiar blender of diced stereotypes, pureed sexual innuendo and controlled substances.
Basic, brazen, and scatologically obsessed, Plane forgoes any analysis of its essentialist japery, marveling instead at its own familiar naughtiness.
A prime example of a comedy that's all marketing.
Almost as funny as it is offensive.
Is Soul Plane an instant classic? Nope. Does it go too far at times? Absolutely. But is it a damn funny movie? Fo' shizzle, my nizzle.
First-timer Jessy Terrero's wing-and-a-prayer direction blows out an engine before the halfway mark of his 90-minute "Airplane!" take-off.
Soul Plane's ride is a bit choppy, and a bit overpriced.
Soul Plane actually had me laughing with Tom Arnold... f'real. Yes, you heard right - I enjoyed this shizzle.
It may be crude, it may be lewd, it's certainly slapdash and stupid, but (it's) steadily and readily hilarious.
A lot better than one would expect.
It's amusing, it's inspired and hey, it's a lot wittier than the last two Scary Movie's combined...full of performers that are obviously having such a great time
Soul Plane's infatuation with playa culture will likely have most reaching for the barf bag.











@highlight

A raunchy sendup of Airplane! that never really takes off.