It has a few funny bits here and there, but they're deeply mired in the seen-it-all-beforeness of the film.
Sporadically entertaining but relentlessly lightweight...
Though keeping worthwhile targets - like professors who want to see their most creative students fail - director Steve Pink lets his punk inspiration slide into standard school rivalries and unrelated slapstick.
The movie works on the pure energy of its straight-faced silliness.
[Accepted] would be funnier with an R rating on principle
Average comedy that's low on jokes and doesn't quite live up to its premise, though it remains watchable thanks to a charming performance by Justin Long.
Amid the corny cliches, the writers have buried several genuinely hilarious throwaway lines.
Wants to be so much funnier than it actually is.
A flat comedy based on a flimsy premise and filled out with the usual "snowballing lie" plot, climaxing in the "rousing speech."
expect an uneasy feeling of recycling.
Subversive, sophomoric comedy
Any movie that lets the Daily Show's Lewis Black, as the school's ad-hoc dean, rant at will about consumerism and foul-mouthed freethinking definitely knows its S.H.I.T. from shinola.
It's merely the latest entry (and a regrettably PG-13 rated one at that) in the "slobs vs. snobs" comedy subgenre that dates back to the far superior Animal House.
If -- for whatever incomprehensible reason -- you're searching for a movie with maximum ennui value, this is that movie.
Unfortunately for Accepted, the movie's make-the-grade spunkiness as a collegiate cut-up has been emphatically Denied.
Listen, while I wish the writers would have been able to keep their momentum up and avoid a few dry spells, there is more than enough going on to the positive these flaws end up becoming fairly moot.
Even the characters in the movie are saying at the beginning, 'This is crazy. This will never work.' And I'm like, you know what? You're right. It never will. Not for one second. Even in a whacky comedy like this.
Could possibly gain Frat Pack pledge Justin Long his own acceptance.
Slackers, Rejoice! Makes the comedy honor roll for being inventive and riotously funny.
I went in expecting that "Accepted" would flunk its PG-13 comedy course within minutes. Was I ever surprised to discover that it's sometimes clever, and surprisingly gentle -- a formula to be sure, yes, but an enjoyable one all the same.
You have to cheer a film that chooses the Ramones' "Blitzkrieg Bop" as its anthem and not something by Matchbox 20.
One could argue that you shouldn't expect a teen comedy to offer a nuanced depiction of the role of education in public life, but in response I'd refer you to Election and Clueless.
...restores your faith in low budgets and dumb ideas. It reminds you both can be fun.
Nothing happens in this film that you don't expect to happen, and it's that lack of originality that causes the film to drag in spots. But it's still a perfectly fine, little film whose earnestness and cast chemistry ultimately won me over.
There's really no reason this film should have been made. None whatsoever. It's not original, nothing above and beyond anything else that's come out on the same subject over and over again at least three times a year for a generation. It's not better than
Here's the final mystery about Accepted: Why title a movie that so readily invites the headline Rejected as a critical riposte?
Think about it too much and the whole thing falls apart; sit back, relax, and don't analyze it and the movie is pretty darn entertaining.
Amiably banal and instantly forgettable, it gets a barely passing grade largely for just showing up.
Even though it outright plagiarizes many plot points and gags of that generational classic, Accepted can't make the leap from contrived to genuine comedy.
A shameless Animal House (1978) knockoff by way of Ferris Bueller's Day Off(1986), this college comedy aims low and misses often.
Go right ahead and skip this one at the Cineplex. You've got my word: It won't be on the final.
Dumb comedy about college students partying.
If you can lighten up for an hour and a half, the film delivers one good laugh after another.
The jokes are often sharp. Also, the scheme is appealing.
So, despite a few early chuckles and a few points for youthful enthusiasm, Accepted is ultimately rejected.
Although it's more amusing than laugh-out-loud funny, Accepted has a good-natured irreverence and ragged charm, thanks to a spirited ensemble cast of newcomers led by Justin Long.
Too bad what begins as a cheerfully irreverent comedy in the tradition of Animal House gets all pious when it slams fraternity culture at neighboring Harmon College.
Half-witted it may be, but as back-to-school time-killers go, Accepted's right on the edge of acceptable.
Accepted feels a little like a Montessori Real Genius. It's one of the few genuinely funny comedies in a dismal movie summer.
A 'teen' movie that operates at a higher level of wit and energy than most of the so-called adult comedies now onscreen...
A campus comedy that's as dull as bong water, Accepted is like the product of a community college filmmaking class, remedial division.
Like its underachieving protagonist, Steve Pink's teen comedy Accepted flashes just enough charm to get by but is too lazy to really make anything of itself.
... any movie that advocates individuality and rejection of conformity can't be all bad -- especially one from that bastion of soulless conformity, Hollywood.
For real laughs, skip Accepted and rent Animal House.
The hijinks in Accepted are as wild as a sixth-grade prom.
The point is, should the writers of Accepted, writers whose main credits encompass Country Bears, Herbie: Fully Loaded and an Olsen twins movie, be making light of anyone's career trajectory?
Accepted Or, Ferris Bueller gets his B.A. In this amiable but undernourished campus comedy.
Accepted is enjoyable in spite of itself.
Strictly for teens.
Too much of the plot is eaten up with clichéd assaults on a stodgy mainstream college and its pretty, gel-afflicted frat boys, who care waaayyy less about the liberal arts than whacking around pledges with a wooden spanker.
Give the new college comedy Accepted half credit for having the gumption to marry two previously unrelated, seminal classics in American arts and letters.
Go to school and do your best, but check out Accepted before you go just as a reminder of the glory of rebellious foolishness.
Like a mediocre high school transcript, the movie has the foundations, but it skimps on the extracurriculars.
One of the biggest problems here is that the material is so routine and by-the-numbers.
Not content to go for cheap laughs, the movie ultimately tries to wave a banner for the slacker ethos, something about the value of free expression.
Instead of chasing laughs, "Accepted" gets preachy about the pressures of getting into college and the pressures of attending college.
Accepted cannot handle its pretensions toward social commentary.
This may be Juvenile Frat Comedy 101, but I Accepted it as a fun time at the movies.
Sublimely stupid, this collegiate farce plays like a cross between Animal House and Ferris Bueller's Day Off.
Accepted is trying to be a new species of Animal House, but at least that 1978 comedy had no pretensions of being more than a boisterous spoof of college life.
Accepted is for the most part just a juvenile college party movie.
Low of brow and pure of heart, the movie plays like Animal House extra-lite, and as such it's decent indecent fun.
Unlike recent supposedly pro-outcast movies like "Napoleon Dynamite" and "Benchwarmers," "Accepted" seems to have actual affection for its characters.
a light-hearted and enjoyable slacker comedy-sort of an Animal House meets Revenge of the Nerds exercise in silliness.
In-between the lines there are some truly funny bits in a film that is somewhat as confused as the students who inhabit it.
This movie doesn't have the intellectual heft to write its name correctly to get 200 points on its SATs, but the unpretentious good humor of its cast, brisk running time, a couple of funny lines, and the wish fulfillment fantasy give it some genial appeal
Grown ups who can't get the joke may simply be jealous they can't go back and do it all over again themselves.
So messy that it feels like it was peeled off the floor of a bathroom stall. It's moldy and cold. Nobody smart is anywhere in sight.
While his 28 year-old face has a hard time passing for a teenager, Long's gusto for the role really gives the film oomph when it needs it the most.
It's not a perfect movie, and its story is ludicrous, but darned if it isn't charming in its bald-faced preposterousness.
It's a mildly diverting concept that's been brought to the screen with a notable lack of style and effort.
Accepted has the ideas and the energy to be a college classic in the vein of Animal House and Old School, but it doesn't have the comic juice.
insists silly, different and stupid is funny on its own, instead of being as pathetic as you and I know it to be.
As an 'anti-college' college comedy, Accepted is able to surpass its predictable formulaic nature.
Accepted may seem tired and monotonous topically, but it is also proof positive that a solid leading comic performance can take an otherwise ho-hum premise and cruise it to victory.
Perhaps you would find more success at a direct-to-video institution. We wish you all the best in your future endeavors.
A clever slacker and his oddball crew invent a phony college in this passable example of that oxymoronic genre, the Hollywood comedy about sticking it to the man.
Tame stuff.
It's loud and goofy, but it's sorely lacking energy, not to mention laughs.
A fluffy teen comedy, Accepted gets annoying fast.
A vanilla version of a raunchy romp just a few 's'-words away from Disneyfication.
Sophomoric doesn't begin to describe the humor (most of the characters are freshmen after all), but you may find some laughs in spite of yourself.
The rowdy college comedy Accepted will probably generate the most laughs among viewers too young to realize it's been cobbled together from Animal House and Revenge of the Nerds, with inspiration from American Pie.
Lurking somewhere inside the high-concept sloppiness of Accepted is the kernel of a solid comedy.
Accepted's best asset is its cast.
It's an obvious nod to Rock 'n' Roll High School that mostly serves as a grim reminder of how far comedies about the education system have fallen.
Here's the pitch for Accepted: Animal House meets Ferris Bueller.
While Accepted isn't great, its genuine admiration for the scratch-and-dents of society lends it a certain unexpected sweetness.
This is almost like a lost movie from my teenhood, a forgotten relic of the late 70s, early 80s, when even summer comedies came with a touch of social commentary and a bit of class consciousness -- when they ate the rich instead of aspiring to be one of t
It isn't the predictability that drags [Accepted] down so much as the complete lack of spark.
Bartleby thinks he's onto something new but doesn't realize somebody already thought of the concept - it's called junior college.
Long on winning attitude but not what you'd call consistent, the movie will do simply anything for a laugh.
Congenial, mildly anarchic, and generally inoffensive, Accepted feels like it's holding itself back, which also keeps it from being thoroughly engaging.
Accepted's winning dumbness and breezy bons mots save it from the pit.
None of them will teach you anything you didn't already know -- but at least you'll have a good time until class is dismissed.
"Accepted" falls short of mining "National Lampoon's Animal House" brand of humor because it doesn't relate the relationships of its characters to their kooky behaviors.
Wants to be a new Animal House, but it's more like a rerun of PCU.
Accepted is an inspired premise in search of a movie: What starts out as a scabrous takedown of academic bureaucracy ends up yet another modestly rousing underdog story about the little slacker that could.
It is never a bad movie, and it does have its moments, but it just never adds up to much. ... Wait and see it for free on cable.
Despite some genuine laughs, this underdog college comedy fails to live up to its promising potential.
More disconcerting is the idea put forward that self-indulgence is a substitute for structured education, or, more to the point, that it's a substitute for life.
this film could have been so much better with an R stamped to it.
As a misfit-empowering comedy that embraces the stragglers and fringe-dwellers of teen society, Accepted is sweetly amusing, gently anarchic and never mean-spirited.
It takes approximately 15 seconds for Accepted to begin showcasing Mac products, a somewhat foregone conclusion given star Justin Long's stint as the face of Apple computers' recent ad campaign.
Comes with a few funny moments, but probably not enough to justify going out of your way to verify their existence.









@highlight

Like its characters who aren't able to meet their potential, Accepted 's inconsistent and ridiculous plot gets annoying, despite a few laughs.