Hathaway and De Niro do some wonderful work. The two have a genuine, and dare I say surprising chemistry-specifically in scenes where they don't discuss their jobs.
In a plot littered with dramatic shortcuts, there are mildly amusing, well-observed moments.
The Intern is a typical Nancy Meyers movie with some of her work's usual virtues, but also all of her usual flaws, this time perhaps more pronounced than ever.
Jules (Hathaway) creates a booming business, but a group of older men in suits thinks she needs an older man in a suit to run her company. So, who shows up to provide her with the guidance and backbone she needs? An older man in a suit. Disappointing.
What makes it special is the performance of the leads -- Anne Hathaway and De Niro are simply gorgeous together and, no, definitely not in that way. There's no May-September nonsense.
The problem with The Intern is that it's always about the changes Jules can make to better fit into traditional ideals of womanhood, and not how Jules can redefine those roles and definitions to make the world work for her.
Unfortunately, [The Intern] contains too many discordant pieces, resulting in a story that is largely tone-deaf to the message it is trying to share.
The Intern is repulsive.
A charming and simple drama comedy with some genuine sincerity and heart to it.
There's something powerful in that, in the simple fact that The Intern is so sympathetic to its older character-so resolutely on the side of a person who might, in other contexts, be dismissed or ignored or, as is so often the case, invisible.
It's the kind of compulsively watchable film you'll be helpless to resist when it shows up on cable TV.
Largely inoffensive if a bit tone oblivious, The Intern suggests a lot of experience goes a long way even in the modern business world.
The Intern has a broader appeal with a cross-generation story staring Anne Hathaway and Robert De Niro, but it retains Meyer's warm tone, upper-middle setting and dedication to immaculately decorated homes.
Fortunately, this is a film geared towards its older characters (something Meyers ... excels at). De Niro hasn't had it so good in years.
Easygoing, likeable and perhaps a little too safe, The Intern is not Meyers' best work to date but, it's reliable and entertaining. What more do you need?
Those of us who were never cool young guys live with an enduring hope: that someday we'll be cool old guys. It's a fantasy embodied in the flesh - specifically, in the gloriously creased, proudly aging flesh of 72-year-old Robert De Niro
It could so easily have turned into a farce, but director Nancy Meyers has gone for an intelligent character study instead, concentrating on the unexpected friendship and how it makes the two people grow. It is entertaining and aimed at adults.
The Intern doesn't have a huge amount to say about the issues it touches on; it's generally happy to let its two charismatic leads simply hang out together. It's a li ttle cutesy at times, and overlong), but it's not without its charms.
It's sad, too, because De Niro brings an amiable twinkling charm to the role... Instead we're stuck with misogyny, dramedy and snivelling.
Hathaway plays much better against DeNiro's pin-striped persona when she's biting into her role with a Miranda Priestly boorishness.
Some films have grace notes; this one has what might be more appropriately termed graceless notes.
The Intern is a smart, funny, and surprisingly touching film, anchored by first-rate performances from DeNiro and Hathaway.
Faux-feminist and whitewashily liberal. A movie that wants us to feel bad for a female executive-who's actually high-power-privileged-only for a great white father-substitute to be her perpetual personal cheer-er is far from feminist and damn near stupid.
De Niro and Hathaway's very real chemistry is enjoyable and transcends The Intern's many shortcomings.
It's the job of movies to fulfill wishes, and the desire for an understanding parental figure is as basic as the desire to feel needed and useful in one's old age.
It's a strange one, The Intern. Just as you're wincing at a tired gag about how older people don't know Facebook, along comes sentimental melodrama and you're suddenly grabbing for a tissue.
DeNiro is his usual charming best and Hathaway takes what could have been a one-dimensional character and breathes life into her.
There's a lot less going on in The Intern - the story of an old guy who goes to work for one of those fancy new e-commerce places, whatever that is - than meets the eye, or the funny bone.
A typically breezy and entertaining Nancy Meyers comedy...
It's a work of unwavering optimism with an uncompromised pro-career-woman message, and I found it refreshing.
Compared to the dreck now synonymous with DeNiro's name this so-so comedy, a pleasant but forgettable fish out of water story, is actually one of his best films in years.
It is strange seeing De Niro playing a nice, normal old dude and not insane, edgy, enraged and/or emotionally constipated, and you also can't help but think that Meyers' movie would have worked better if he had shot someone.
Thanks largely to performances by De Niro and Hathaway, The Intern is a gentle, enjoyable fantasy-and certainly Meyers's best film in more than a decade.
The chemistry between Hathaway and De Niro feels sincere and is what keeps the story up and going. [Full review in Spanish]
A light comedy that offers great entertainment and also touches on womens rights and the elderly at the workplace. [Full review in Spanish]
The story fails to embrace the humor in the premise, resulting in a sappy melodrama that tries too hard to bring you to tears. [Full review in Spanish]
A fun and warm-hearted first hour here is undermined by the film's preachy and unfocused second half.
For a movie that's supposedly about life experience, The Intern shows very little.
This is one of those warm, unchallenging comedies that's entertaining to watch even though something about it feels vaguely inane.
This earnest, effusive haut-bourgeois fantasy, by the writer and director Nancy Meyers, runs roughshod over rational skepticism with the force of her life experience.
A heartwarming tale of friendship and a constructive engagement with feminism and gender inequality.
Nancy Myers' feminist discourse feels outdated, the movie is too long and doesn't really explore the themes it presents. [Full review in Spanish]
The first part of the movie is a comedy that works, unfortunately, the second half is a forced drama that doesn't really work. [Full review in Spanish]
Given that the closest Meyers has had to a real plot with forward momentum in over a decade is The Holiday, it might be time to bring in a co-writer.
'The Intern' is more than the sitcom it appears to be from the trailers.
Gentle fun and sweetly performed.
Nothing to get upset about.
The sort of cinematic comfort food that slips down easily with some viewers and proves indigestible to others. For those in the mood, it's a real treat.
One of those pleasant examples of a movie doing precisely what it promises on the poster.
Even though The Intern has a well defined beggining and end, the way the characters evolve amongst an unecessary extended plot, bear down the comedic tone by a lot. [Full review in Spanish]
Starring in Nancy Meyers' comedy The Intern, is Robert De Niro, improbably cast as an avuncular retiree with a twinkling gaze, an affable -- if slightly twisted -- smile and an abundance of tact.
Anne Hataway and Robert De Niro do their part, there's no doubt about it, but the parts feel small for them. [Full review in Spanish]
A touching, insightful and amusing drama based on believable characters and clever ideas.
A nice movie about real problems people face in real life, and it deals with them in as sidelong a way as it possibly can, avoiding all strong emotion.
It's about a platonic friendship where she gives new meaning to his life, and he brings some much needed grounding to hers.
A sweet film that sheds light on the generational breach. [Full review in Spanish]
Sheds light on the generational breach and the infamous glass ceiling for women in the workplace in a moving and entertaining way, creating the fantasy that the ceiling is gone when it is really just moved to another place. [Full review in Spanish]
The Intern bowls along amiably enough, carried almost entirely by De Niro, in one of those smiley, twinkly turns of his, and the likeable Hathaway.
The film celebrates how the genders can build each other up and encourage the best in each other.
A sugar-sweet, wafer-thin comedy hoping to inspire many hugs across the generation gap.
The Intern is a lavish workplace comedy that asks the question: What would it be like if we caught up with Andy from The Devil Wears Prada a decade later? ... The answer is, to be frank, agony.
Making wry observations about the generation gap without patronising anyone on either side, Meyers gently furthers the cause of the over 60s and working mothers alike ...
I sometimes have a bit of a sweet tooth for Nancy Meyers's Ephron-lite diversions, but this, frankly ... eww.
A pleasant dramedy about work and a cross-generational friendship.
Sharply misjudging how much hand-on-shoulder dad advice is too much, the whole film's so genial it could smile, and smile, and smother you while it smiles.
The most average movie ever made (but at least De Niro looks awake for once).
Meyers latest endeavour has it's heart in completely the right place, with not an ounce of cynicism anywhere to be found.
This is the best thing Robert DeNiro has done in more than a decade. He has created a sweet, calm, level-headed character who is immensely likeable.
Everyone here has the best of intentions. The Intern has a gentle spirit, and is about people who are decent. There's not a lot of conflict, but we root for these characters because we enjoy spending time with them.
The latest movie from the director of Something's Gotta Give and It's Complicated has nothing to give and is most uncomplicated.
You'll watch it for De Niro and Hathaway's easy onscreen chemistry.
The Intern leaves a bitter taste in your mouth.
The Intern again speaks to the moment, at least for white, upper-middle-class hipsters and forebears untroubled by actual real-estate prices.
Robert De Niro is adorable. Really.
Once a complacent giant, De Niro now calls to mind a faintly embarrassing father figure to whom respect is nevertheless owed.
While it never quite thrills, you soon settle into the relaxed rapport and easy rhythms of a decent comedy - albeit one that is distinctly beige, and almost instantly forgettable.
... a movie outmoded in style and strangely retro-sexist in spirit. The message seems to be that behind every successful woman is a wiser older man, guiding her decisions while privy to her most personal thoughts.
Anne Hathaway lights up the screen in this likeable comedy in which work, purpose, life and love come under the magnifying glass
The Intern degenerates into a series of monologues about ambition and relationships and having it all. As the speeches pile up, our goodwill dissipates, and so does the film's magic.
Pleasant but bland, Nancy Meyer's latest exercise in anodyne filmmaking is as sweet as cotton candy and just about as nourishing.
Exploring the burgeoning bond between a 70-year-old widower and a young businesswoman allows for some delightful and amusing observations about our ever-changing world.
In keeping everything so polite, The Intern, while being a pleasant and watchable movie, is also entirely ephemeral. Maybe that's why, like Meyers' other films, The Intern will likely be so re-watchable, too.
Nancy Meyers delivers another funny, warm, smart and sophisticated comedy for adults that features Robert De Niro in perhaps his most likeable performance ever.
Skates almost entirely on the luminous strength of its two stars. DeNiro and Hathaway have an evident chemistry ... if a man had written the film, they'd wind up in the sack!
Meyers' jokes are more flaccid than a 90-year-old who's misplaced his Viagra. Her storytelling is even worse.
Sparky and sweetly accessible, it's a charming date movie and crowd-pleaser.
Mostly gets the job done.
It's assembled into a slick and crowd-pleasing package, although the film's safe predictability undermines its efforts to promote the idea that seniors can be valuable contributors in a contemporary business climate that tends to push them away.
If you can't catch this in theatres, guaranteed you'll be able to sink back into it on TV some night; it is as shapeless, harmless and comfortable as an old sweater.
I found Meyers' script charming and delightful. Plus the added charisma of De Niro and Hathaway on screen helps to keep "The Intern" from getting stupid.
The potential for this film to fall apart due to a saccharine script or overacting was high, but Meyers and her cast never let that happen.
The movie wants to believe that you can manage the perfect career and family life - that humanity doesn't need to be sacrificed for capitalism - and because we like these characters so much, we do, too.
The Intern is feel-good cinema with something to say, but still doesn't want its viewers to feel bad about anything.
The Intern is an insubstantial Nancy Meyers comedy kept afloat by Robert De Niro and Anne Hathaway's screen chemistry.
De Niro and Hathaway's characters grow ever closer in their relationship, and even end up literally "in bed" together. But it's not what it sounds like.
Meyers continues to be like baseball sabermetrics in cinematic form: Maybe never a home-run hitter, but someone who's patient and gets on base over and over and over again.
The Intern is a throwback comedy to the filmmaker's early work such as Baby Boom and Father of the Bride: sweet, uncomplicated, and overly earnest.
A nice little film that is peppered with several mild laughs.
There's not much here story-wise. But when Meyers wants to write an involving scene with characters thinking and feeling the way humans think and feel, you want to applaud.
The Intern is a two-hour footrace between emotion-yanking charm and utter predictability. There is never any doubt as to what this film is going to serve you. The only question is how much you enjoy the recipe.
Hathaway and De Niro share a serviceable dad-daughter chemistry that makes much of "The Intern" passable.
Are you ready for more blubbering from Anne Hathaway? De Niro is fine, but film is full of cliches and 20 minutes too long.
...a film that keeps the good stuff hidden behind a wall of broad jokes and telegraphed intergenerational moments.
Sweet, touching, and funny, it's the kind of film we haven't seen in a few years... the sweet nostalgia of a Nancy Meyers' movie overpowers some of the film's flaws.
Comedy about work, marriage is winning despite cliches.
Nobody does visually pleasing, occasionally funny escapist entertainment about goodhearted rich people trying their best to do the right thing better than Nancy Meyers.
A cute, charming, touchy feely movie trying too hard to be cute, charming and touchy feely.
It's certainly enjoyable and entertaining from start to finish. (Full Content Review - Sex, Profanity, etc. - for Parents also available)
"The Intern" is like one of those candies you put in your mouth that starts off tasting sweet - until it suddenly turns lip-puckering sour.
It's not much of a movie. But raging bull Robert De Niro, suited up to play for humor and heart, proves he can be a world-class charmer.
A movie that doesn't do justice to an invigorating premise.
"The Intern" may be predictable, but it's far from empty.
'The Intern' is not a bad movie. ... Rather, it's an innocuous, feel-good date film with solid performances and engaging characters.
It's hard to be mean about a movie this nice, but that's all The Intern is: cute, endearing, and nice, with no real drama, character depth, or apparent understanding of its own somewhat engaging central premise.
Oh, to live in Nancy Meyers-land, where AARP-eligible Oscar winners go to be universally adored, and where every home has the kitchen of your dreams.
Meyers, who is 65, is so intent on selling this nostalgic vision of her peers, she turns a blind eye to some uncomfortable truths about the generational dynamics in which she plays.
A better, funnier and more considered movie than much of what passes for nonfranchise studio filmmaking, even as it shows a world almost exclusively white, straight and upmarket.
In terms of comedic and dramatic content, The Intern is hit-and-miss. Notions about ageism and corporate prejudice against female CEOs are grazed but not explored in a meaningful or compelling way.
The pairing of these two talents should never have been frittered away on such an inconsequential and lightweight conceit.
De Niro and Hathaway's charms plus a sparkling script make for feel-good fluff.
The story isn't even contrived, it's ridiculous.
There'd be a lot less strife and starvation, disease and dread, if Nancy Meyers ruled the world.
a sweet, light comedy that makes several points but isn't obnoxious about it
Meyers' films have always been about basically decent people navigating life's various hurdles. Here, though, her characters have gone from "It's Complicated" to "It's Pretty Straightforward, Actually."
Not even Robert De Niro or Anne Hathaway can save it. [Full review in Spanish]
"The Intern" is bizarrely retrograde, implying that every working woman only needs a cuddly Yoda daddy to make it in the world of business. It's soft in the heart - and soft in the head.
De Niro lands his most likable role in decades, easily earning audience support by playing the right guy in the wrong era: a briefcase-toting gentleman who's almost invisible to the big-beard, bigger-glasses crowd.
This clumsy comedy, written and directed by Nancy Meyers, turns an implausible but intriguing premise into a tale of generational collision that reflects dimly on old and young alike.
These days, it's tough to find a comedy that even aspires to sophistication. "The Intern" entertainingly fills that slot.
Slight but charming, Nancy Meyers' "The Intern" almost goes terribly wrong in its first minutes, but quickly rights itself.
Unlike Nancy Meyers' earlier film, "It's Complicated" ... this one isn't.
[W]riter/director Nancy Meyers' movie shows itself to be "old-school" in far less charming ways.
Meyers makes an admirable argument for the value of seniors in the workplace. If only she hadn't delivered it in a contrived fairy tale.
Nancy Meyers, the maven of the upper middle-age romcom, has now cruised ever so casually into senior-itis with The Intern. It's a typical Meyers joint: breezy farce with touches of honey and commerciality.
Nothing fresh about "The Intern."
Hathaway and De Niro save the day; they're wonderful together.
Only the impressive chemistry between Robert De Niro and Anne Hathaway will keep you watching; we haven't even mentioned the painfully ageist sex jokes or the silly plot developments that unfold like sitcom padding.
The movie glides along at a low, comfortable arc, and as the credits roll you're likely to be neither blissed out nor buzzing, instead merely lulled into a kind of fuzzy cheer.
Though the movie gets by on its sweet, fish-out-of-water story in the first hour... it takes a sudden detour into more serious territory midway through and never quite recovers.
If only real life were like a Nancy Meyers movie.
"The Intern" feels a little bit like the tai chi exercises that Ben does in the park throughout the film - you look for something to react to and laugh at and maybe even shed a tear about, but you wind up pushing against a puff of air.
Meyers has wit and a solid sense of craft, but mainly she makes movies about high thread counts and comfy, pricey throw pillows.
The success of this film may ride entirely on the alchemy of these particular actors, but whatever is carrying it, "The Intern" gets there.
It spoon-feeds us vanilla fiction to the point of overdose.
There are a few good laughs, but they struggle to survive amid the syrupy score, overlit interiors, and smothering sense of middle-class entitlement.
With some genuinely insightful dialogue, a number of truly funny bits of physical business, and small scenes allowing us to get know and like a half-dozen supporting players, The Intern grows on us from scene to scene, from moment to moment.
This kind of unhurried, low-conflict story coming from a mainstream filmmaker might be more invigorating if not for the eventually wearying idealization of the De Niro character and the odd implications that come along with it.
Nancy Meyers is unquestionably committed to her auteurist signature of giving her female protagonists their cake and letting them eat it too.
The Intern could have been a tight, funny, lickety-split 85-minute comedy, but Meyers stretches it for more than two hours, with punchy interchanges and a few solid laughs drowning under a tidal wave of terminal cuteness.
"The Intern" is idiotic, unrealistic, Boomer wish fulfillment that has no business working on any level. I quite enjoyed it.
It's all a well-dressed fantasy, sure, but at least the conversation is unique.
Both De Niro and Hathaway offer enough charm and humor to keep it afloat, and they are aided with a solid supporting cast... It is just unfortunate that the film decides that it needs to increase the stakes, and to do so late in the goings-on.
The movie's ideas run out quickly, but De Niro is easygoing, and The Intern is indulgent good fun. Just don't go in expecting nutrition.
The most genuinely enjoyable and likable movie that Meyers-a longtime writer and producer before taking up directing-has put her name to since, oh, I don't know, 1984's "Irreconcilable Differences."
Mr. De Niro owns the movie from the moment he opens his mouth, and is staring into the camera and right at you. (Oh, yes, he's lookin' at you.) You can't look away, and soon you don't want to.
Perhaps you'll be too distracted by the industrial-chic office space to notice that laughs are in short supply.
Too often feels forced and artificial.
"The Intern" gets a little strange at times, but it's a sturdy creation that carries a little more personality than many might be expecting.
Aggressively mild and quietly offensive, The Intern has a plot so underwritten it's more like a plo.
A poignant, character-based comedy about professional passion, the struggle to retain a healthy work-life balance, and how the unlikeliest of friendships can sometimes become the most meaningful. De Niro and Hathaway are a surprisingly perfect pairing.
The dialogue flies past in strings of cliches and emotional beats that don't land, and the underlying message about love and work, work and love is so retrograde that it makes "Prada" seem empowering.
It's as easy to enjoy as it is easy to be cynical about.
As you'd expect, Meyers handles the material with assurance and charm, and there's fun to be had in the odd-couple dynamic at her film's heart.
Beira o intolerável graças ao cinismo repugnante da diretora-roteirista.
Robert De Niro soars in Nancy Meyers' latest-too bad the movie itself only intermittently achieves liftoff.
Meyers has a knack for making conventional movies that are not conventional. And in 2015, making the woman CEO of a company into a normal human being is unconventional.
A sweet and clever crowd-pleaser that works equally well as a comedy and also dramatically, mainly due to the pairing of Hathaway and De Niro.
[A] chain of sequences shot in a flat and predictable manner
"The Intern" has more of the sting of real life to it than writer-director Nancy Meyers normally allows. And while it's still packed in her usual gauze, the film isn't just likable and sweet, but also poignant.
Has progressive lessons that are caked in a broad, populist and not to say un-entertaining blob that runs a little too long, is a little too soft around the edges and features at least one major misstep.
A charming, overly sweet and conventional comedy that has two bona-fide Movie Stars (capitalized for emphasis) doing plenty of heavy lifting to infuse soul into the formula.
The spongy subtext of this and every Meyers movie is "We're being serious, but we're also being FUN!" No viewer must ever be made to think too much, feel too much, or be left out. She doesn't so much tell a story as lead a team-building exercise.
A popular entertainment with two movie stars in likeable mode, a sunny Hollywood sheen, and a novel premise. And yet there's something vaguely unsettling about how Myers' mildly amusing comedy gets tangled up in political (in)correctness.
Hathaway and DeNiro make this tries-too-hard tripe sing. Or at least hum along for much of its excessive, squishy two hour running time.
Considering the movie's fortune-cookie-style "insights" that old and young have much to learn from each other, it's only appropriate that De Niro and Hathaway's charms, and those alone, comprise the saving graces of "The Intern."
It is tempting to dismiss films of this nature or to quantify their success in lesser terms as a matter of course. But that would be a mistake. 'The Intern' is truly superb.
The tone remains as plush and soft-cornered as one of Meyers' ubiquitous throw pillows (though it's also knowing enough to toss off a good joke about them).
The Intern eventually manages - with the help of admirably game performances from Robert DeNiro and Anne Hathaway - to find something worth saying about Millennial generation women and men and their baby boomer forebears.
The movie offers more frustrations than rewards to discerning viewers of any age or gender.
It takes all the leads' considerable combined charm to forestall the aftertaste of the pic's smug life lessons and near-comically blinkered worldview.
The Intern capitalises on the believable chemistry between Hathaway and De Niro to produce a rom com that is genuinely satisfying.

@highlight

The Intern doesn't do enough with its timely premise, but benefits from the unorthodox chemistry of its talented leads.