An unpleasant crime drama.
A ripped-from-the-headlines kind of story, it functions with all of the twists and turns required, a bit like a female-centered version of Prisoners.
The film generates moderate suspense as it navigates some rather mechanical plot twists.
Overly complex kidnapping drama has disturbing scenes.
Retains powerful examinations of denial, but it seldom pieces together smoothly, often resembling four features running at the same time.
It's described as a smart, suspenseful psychological thriller, but there's nothing smart about it, and as an alleged thriller, when the mysteries are explained in a twist finale, it could use a psychologist of its own.
Flimsy and foreboding, it's a female-centric crime thriller...
A slow burn mystery in which the secrets aren't so much about the crimes it explores but truths of women's emotional lives that are too often ignored.
Amy Berg transitions to drama with Every Secret Thing, a mystery with shattering performances but a lacklustre case at its core.
Diane Lane is chilling as Alice's shifty mother, and though some of the "secret things" are Law & Order predictable, other revelations will haunt you for days.
The mystery-movie-of-the-week premise is buoyed by the evenly detailed performances from the four female leads
With Every Secret Thing, documentarian Amy Berg proves she has what it takes to direct a narrative feature that's just as successful and captivating as her thrilling exposés.
What went wrong? How did so many talented people devote their time and energy to a film that came out this generic, dull, and flat?
Sometimes the whole is less than the sum of the parts.
The film has enough twists and dark reveals to grab the viewer. But it's Macdonald's sad turn as Alice that eats away at your soul.
Despite those credentials from the filmmakers and an excellent cast that includes Diane Lane, Elizabeth Banks, Nate Parker and Dakota Fanning, "Every Secret Thing" feels flat and unfocused.
Crushingly listless and at times as off-putting as a needle scratching vinyl ...
Nothing is creepier than creepy children and teenagers, and the ones in "Every Secret Thing" are first-rate examples.
It's not the fault of anyone involved; you try getting much money for a largely female-driven, female-made drama on an important but downer subject.
It's a movie so well-cast and meticulous that you want it to be better than it is, but you're left shaking your head, wondering where things went wrong.
Every Secret Thing has the Bechdel test more than covered. Alas, that's not enough to lift the action out of a rather nerveless ennui ...
This unnerving mystery doesn't coddle audiences by giving them much to root for. Maybe that's why reviews for the film have been mixed to worse. I say give this toxic valentine to motherhood a chance.
Documentarian Amy Berg's narrative debut is a cool-to-the-touch abduction mystery deeply soaked in adolescent resentments but lacking her usual punch.
By the end, its rickety narrative architecture collapses entirely, leaving a lot of good actors stranded in the rubble.
"Every Secret Thing" comes up short.
"Every Secret Thing" is far less than the sum of its parts.
The most observant movie-watchers, especially those conversant in the language of crime dramas, will see some of the narrative curveballs coming long before the wind-up.
This middling little number feels like a rejected pilot for one of those sex-crime-fixated, baby-napping network procedurals designed to scare the crap out of senior citizens and security moms for ratings gold.
"Some things are easier if you can sleep through them," sleepyhead Dakota Fanning tells Elizabeth Banks's weary detective in what probably amounts to the mission statement posted outside the production trailer for Every Secret Thing.
Suffused with an air of dread thanks to director of photography Rob Hardy's atmospheric, dark-hued lensing, the film nonetheless never achieves the necessary dramatic tension.
Despite its name cast, short of a significant re-edit, not much can save what feels like a Lifetime version of The Lovely Bones.
Elizabeth Banks, traditionally known for her comedic stylings, turns in an understated and intriguing turn as Detective Nancy Porter.
The main issue I had with the film was how it introduced strong ideas and then went nowhere with them.
It's a real shame Every Secret Thing didn't work out because all the ingredients are there.
It has a problem that's familiar to competently made, sporadically involving crime procedurals: It's just good enough to inspire wishes that it were better.
Pitched somewhere between a David Fincher crime procedural, a Denis Lehane suspense novel and a Mommie Dearest melodrama, documentarian Amy Berg's move into the feature-length world of dramatic narrative is...an uneven one.

@highlight

Every Secret Thing has a sterling pedigree both on and off the screen, yet all that talent adds up to little more than a listless, predictable thriller.