In the end, Requiem is something of a disappointment.
an intense, disturbing and bleak drama of ecstasy and insanity, all set in a world where, if there is a God at all, it truly requires a leap of faith into the dark to grasp Him.
A convincing portrayal of a helpless soul wavering between fear and faith, and the madness of murder being perpetrated in the name of Christ.
What matters in Requiem amounts to the fine performances, Schmid's assured hand, and the magnificent rustic scenery.
Sandra Hueller leads a fine cast and gives a textured performance as wallflower Michaela who is suddenly freed when she goes out into the world, only to be done in by her inner, psychosis-driven demons.
A tragic tale of teen rebellion and misplaced faith, this is a sober and sobering account of a young girl's untimely end, made enthralling by great performances and restrained direction.
[Huller] combines the raw physicality of Michaela's seizures with an emotional confusion as she ponders the cause of her attacks and how to react to them.
Working from an economical and intelligent script by Bernd Lange , Schmid directs his first feature with the easy conviction that eluded the makers of the preposterous Emily Rose.
A naturalistic and thrillingly powerful film, with a stand-out performance from H端ller at its centre.
The movie ends a little too abruptly, but it features a heartrending performance from Sandra Huller that brought her the best actress award at this year's Berlin Film Festival.
Stage actress Sandra Huller delivers a stunning, understated performance...
The nonsensationalistic results are also somewhat ho-hum -- and oddly less convincing than Friedkin's lurid mess, let alone the elegant satanism sagas of Tourneur and Polanski.
The confusion and panic and everyday interactions in Requiem feel honest and true-to-life, which has nothing to do with how factual it is, or isn't.
What cannot be debated is the strength of Huller's naturalistic lead performance, a frighteninglyn intense turn that brings to mind Emily Watson's work in Breaking the Waves.
In lesser hands, Requiem would seem merely bleak, but Schmid makes a rigorously urgent and compelling film out of Michaela's odyssey.
Based on the same story as The Exorcism of Emily Rose, this is a far more accurate and ultimately much more frightening version of events, with an award-winning performance from Huller.
Quietly devastating and unbearably moving, this is a soul-searching classic.
[Sandra H端ller's] intensity is so compelling you truly have no idea if those demons are real.
Requiem isn't a horror movie so much as a thwarted coming-of-age story, like Carrie without the bloody reckoning.
A demonic posession movie WITHOUT special effects? Horrors!!!
Bogumil Godfrejow's raw cinematography and (Sandra) Huller's poignant, close-to-the-bone performance transform what might have been a morbid curiosity into an entirely enthralling, quietly terrifying experience.
You won't find rotating heads and vomit in the exorcism movie Requiem. Instead, German director Hans-Christian Schmid relies on a frighteningly realistic performance by Sandra Huller as blue-eyed blonde Michaela.
Like The Exorcism of Emily Rose ... Requiem is loosely based on the real-life story of a West German woman who died in 1976 after a series of failed exorcisms.
Takes the flashback sequences from Exorcism of Emily Rose, removes all the supernatural scares, and tries to keep you interested.
Just as haunting as a horror film and far more heartrending.
Progresses in a natural, unforced style that's increasingly creepy and ultimately emotionally shattering.
This quietly unnerving psychological study from German director Hans-Christian Schmid wields its ambiguity about religion and science like a double-edged blade.
H端ller's master class in acting is not only a portrait of a holy creature frenzied by otherworldly spirits but a voluptuous reflection of the pressures that accosted so many women of her character's age, time, and devotions.
The film is incisive about the all-too-mundane social, physical and emotional pressures exacted upon its heroine.
Sandra Hueller deservedly won an acting prize in Berlin (she could have taken home 'most conflicted character' as well).
...never quite as compelling as H端ller's performance...
Requiem shows us with a sense of palpable reality (and without any special effects) what being -- or feeling -- possessed must be like for Michaela herself and her family.
[A] stunningly played story of faith vs. family.
Closely observed story of the mental and family pressures that can lead someone to accept an exorcism.


@highlight

This harrowing, naturalistic drama holds you in its grip through Huller's intense performance.