Finally seeing this film so many years after I was told it was awful, I can't agree with the people who told me that. Perhaps I love Brooks' self-deprecating humor too much. Paul Chambers, CNN.
If there were any justice, the garlands now given to Woody Allen for Match Point would be handed over to Brooks
Brooks is going to India to shoot a movie (most of it filmed in New Delhi) about how to get laughs on foreign soil.
Looking for Comedy succeeds smashingly both as a comedy and as a savvy deconstruction of comedy.
In Albert Brooks's new film, we get another plausible explanation of why we fight -- and it may be the most unsettling of all.
The movie has a perversely unifying effect: Muslims, Christians and Jews may not be able to agree on exactly who the heck Jesus is, but they're fully capable of bonding in boredom.
Those who like their humor wry and dry will be rewarded by a nuanced study of the way self-absorption can keep people disconnected, be they comedians, governments, or you and me.
Looking For Comedy in the Muslim World is full of Albert Brooks' trademark jokes and absurd scenarios.
Despite the potential for disaster Brooks sets up with the title, the movie is relatively harmless. It's just so very harmless that it doesn't make much of an impression.
Brooks é o tipo de comediante mais corajoso que existe: aquele que prefere ser considerado um fracasso pela maioria desde que, no processo, divirta alguns poucos que consigam compreender seu senso de humor sutil e auto-depreciativo.
... likeable.
Uses Middle Eastern stereotypes only to question what could be accomplished by foolishly sending Americans into a world we don't comprehend.
Whether it was supposed to or not, it still falls uncharacteristically flat.
An essentially toothless affair, poking fun at American imperialism and its attendant cluelessness while never illuminating much beyond the obvious.
I think this thing is just flat and dead.
I like all of Brooks's features, which are brilliantly conceptualized and deftly executed. This one's no exception, and some of the laughs are genuinely cathartic.
A comedian should never attempt to be a diplomat.
Albert Brooks is in general a funny guy. Many of his films are really good, especially when he doesn't play himself.
Someone revoke this guy's visa, quick.
Unfunny business.
I laughed my socks off. I may even have found a solid theme in all that silliness. Anyway, couldn't the world use a good laugh about now?
Brooks' tired and sometimes tasteless routine reminded me of a joke from his Defending Your Life. A comedian performing in heaven asks Brooks how he died. Brooks answers, 'Like you, on stage.'
Looking For Comedy ends up being light fare for smarter people.
It's an ego trip wrapped in a Jerry Lewis movie, except that Lewis might have remembered to make it funny in a few places.
More than an hour-and- a-half in length, the movie fizzles out before anything can explode, its characters incapable of sustaining narrative interest.
After viewers get through chuckling at the title, the chuckles become increasingly few and far between.
Ultimately tiresome. And when I say 'ultimately,' I mean it in the sense of 'after about 10 minutes.'
The plot...meanders down hapless side paths, often pregnant with comedic possibility, but falls flat time and again.
A potentially original and incendiary satire, Brooks' film is a misfire, a comedy so lame and outstripped of political contents (both manifest and latent) that it hardly barks let alone bites.
The cynicism that defined Brooks' early films has given way to hopefulness in the face of possible global catastrophe.
unfunny, self-indulgent disaster
Just another disappointing effort full of missed opportunities.
Acquired-taste Brooks takes his esoteric brand of dead-pan comedy to an unlikely audience with favorable but somewhat mixed results.
The political thrust of the premise is defanged, and the movie becomes a toothless vehicle for Brooks's drowsy-eyed shtick.
[A] big fat, well-intentioned vanity project.
A smart comedy with dry, sardonic wit, overflowing with tons of sarcasm. It only 'bombs' when Albert is doing his stand-up act and learning all the things that the people do NOT think are funny.
For all its silliness, Looking for Comedy in the Muslim World is also a work of integrity.
An affront to PC maniacs everywhere, but a considerable gift to fanatics for comedy, Albert Brooks' Looking for Comedy in the Muslim World will find its Brooksian cult niche (if not in the Muslim world).
Albert Brooks' Looking for Comedy in the Muslim World is half-baked.
... the movie is a fatally benign effort to jolly us out of the post-9/11 blues while studiously avoiding giving offense in Dubai.
Albert Brooks unleashes a low-key cross-cultural comedy that takes the Muslim world by storm but flies over the heads of American shopping mall audiences.
The material in the film itself doesn't quite bomb, though it doesn't really kill either.
[The jokes] are in short supply.
There are stretches when one has the sense that we're looking for comedy in Looking for Comedy in the Muslim World.
Smartly observed and good-natured, this political satire is Brooks' most winning film since Defending Your Life (1991).
Looking for Comedy in the Muslim World is a bit like hunting for laughs in your more recent Albert Brooks movies -- you kind of wonder if there are such things.
Nearly every gag is so soft, so sleepy, so utterly sitcom that it's hard to figure out who Looking for Comedy in the Muslim World is supposed to entertain, much less enlighten.
Looking for Comedy in the Muslim World doesn't.
I'm always suspicious of a Hollywood movie offering moral lessons, but Looking for Comedy ... offers a useful one: The whole world needs to learn to laugh at itself more.
There are funny ideas laced throughout, but they are rarely fleshed out into something more than a spasm of whimsy.
This Albert is tired and burnt-out. He drags along as if he has the flu. He still fusses and nitpicks, but the life has gone out of it.
The film feels miles from the heart of the matter, and its title a reminder of a missed opportunity.
Looking for Comedy in the Muslim World doesn't conclude so much as just stop, because Brooks, having come up with a great hook for a movie, didn't bother to come up with a satisfying story to go along with it.
In the end, Looking for Comedy in the Muslim World is all about Americans' inability to understand other cultures. It's an old idea, but filtered through Brooks' quirky sensibility, it comes out strangely enough to feel fresh and unique.
There are a few chuckles along the way -- most generated by Brooks' patented ego-meets-incompetence persona -- but not enough to support a feature film.
For those tuned to Brooks' comedic frequency, it's funny, a self-referential plunge into the filmmaker's deconstructionist sensibility.
Looking for Comedy is more depressing than funny, whether taken seriously as a comment on the failure of cross-cultural communication or as a measure of Brooks's enervated muse.
There is comedy in the Muslim world. It's just too bad he didn't look harder for it.
Whatever you're looking for in a movie -- depth, empathy, enlightenment or just plain yuks -- look elsewhere.
Brooks' film strains to be funny and the strain translates to any language or creed.
Looking for Comedy may offend some, but compared to what you might have expected, it's powder- puff stuff, a wan journey that discovers virtually nothing about the Muslim world or anything else, really.
You're likely to still be searching for laughs when the credits roll.
Looking for Comedy takes a smart premise and then clubs the comic and satirical possibilities out of it.
There's nothing more painful than watching comics tank, and Looking for Comedy in a Muslim World is a 95-minute wince.
This is by far the most embarrassing of [Albert Brooks'] seven movies.
`Looking for Comedy in the Muslim World' would have been far better if Brooks had bothered to look at all.
This should have been an episode of "Curb Your Enthusiasm." Larry David would spark nuclear conflict.
As Brooks tries to take the pulse of 'the Muslim world' with absurdist routines that have no more than cult appeal even in his own culture, the movie becomes more a timeless satire of U.S. government inefficiency than a commentary on the post-9/11 era.
The final 45 minutes devolves into a nuclear farce ... that's more forced than funny.
...a few laughs? Yes. But nothing that even borders on insightful in regard to Muslims. Wait for the DVD.
There are a few softballs lobbed at the bureaucracy of the U.S. Government and Indian outsourced support hotlines, but the film is only intermittently funny. Very intermittently.
Don't be fooled by the title. There's very little comedy here, and the Muslim world in question is on the wrong continent.
Albert Brooks has always spun gold from self-absorption and gulfs of misunderstanding.
There, up on the stage and under the hot lights, Brooks does what he was born to do: squirm. There's just nothing more funny than that.
Brooks often acts like he just woke up from a midday nap.
[Brooks'] dry wit and willingness to tackle the uncomfortable keep the comedy rolling when the underlying story fails.
Maybe placing the word "comedy" in the title is just another failed attempt at humor?
Anyone who can mine so many laughs from the world in which we live since 9/11 deserves applause.
If all of this sounds like cerebral comedy, it is. Brooks is not above going for the occasional cheap laugh -- thankfully -- but he's not a comic who begs us to love him.
So much is good here that you wish Brooks had been a little more ambitious, maybe even as ambitious as his title.
'Deadpan' is a hard concept to translate -- even when everybody's speaking the same language.
Albert Brooks takes his anxious, cerebral act on the road, to India and Pakistan. There's great satiric potential, but most of it is squandered after a hilarious opening.
Brooks is a master of ingratiating comic self-deprecation. He has a magical ability to make his foibles endearing without letting his character off the hook. Call him the Schnooky American.
Though his typically clueless on-screen persona learns very little about comedy or Muslims, Brooks the filmmaker makes the underlying point that true understanding is achieved through observation and empathy.
A reasonably amusing effort that manages to poke fun at Brooks' neuroses and governmental blundering with equal skill.
You have to give the man credit. Brooks is willing to try anything. A lengthy routine about a botched audience-participation improvisation is as conceptually stunning as any of Andy Kaufman's flights of weirdness. But narratively it stops the movie dead.
A movie about making a movie that isn't very funny about a man who isn't very funny in the middle of a gulf of cultural misunderstanding that's especially not very funny.
Before Looking for Comedy in the Muslim World, perhaps Brooks could find some jokes that work over here.
Brooks's flop sweat is funny, but a little goes a long way, and we get more than a little here.
The comic results rarely rise above the diffident, although there is one inspired sight gag involving the Taj Mahal.
All this, to spoof a petty little Hollywood ego? Too inside.
When it comes to hysterical self-laceration, Larry David ain't got nothing on Brooks.
The comic patronizes his Indian audience and sells himself short at the same time.
I liked the movie. I smiled a lot. It maintained its tone in the face of bountiful temptations to get easy laughs.
The movie isn't racist; it's just lame.
Though his last couple of efforts felt distressingly watered-down, Brooks has got a lot of his old edge back in this often-riotous send-up of ugly Americanism run amok.
This entertaining movie had me laughing more often than not. ... I love Brooks's films.
People will prematurely pigeonhole the film as degrading to Muslims, but the reality is that 'Comedy' is really a self-deprecating portrait of Albert Brooks' persona.
Brooks plays a character so self-absorbed he visits the Taj Mahal and manages not to notice it. As the film ends, who can fail to appreciate the care with which he steps on his own apocalyptic punchline? That's the joke.
By bombing in the Muslim world--in the comedic sense--Brooks produces one of his funniest films in years.
An unconventional comedy about a whiny American comedian who sets out to prove that humor can be a good tool for diplomacy.
That's Brooks' comic gift: He knows how to make a laugh stick in your throat.
Lame satire.
Dumped by its original distributor because of its title, Albert Brooks's Looking for Comedy in the Muslim World should, instead, have been ditched for not being very funny.






@highlight

Although the premise seems ripe for laughs, Albert Brooks isn't ruthless or clever enough to pull it off.