I liked it a lot - yet I was painfully aware of how bad the movie was.
Will the beard-jerking, elf-twerking goblets'n'codpieces extravaganza that is Peter Jackson's three-part adaptation of The Hobbit ever match the excellence of his first trilogy? After almost three more grinding hours... the feeling is no.
The film is supremely accessible and enjoyable, even if you haven't read Tolkien.
The Hobbit is too long and at times a little hard to look at, but fans of Tolkien and/or the first trilogy are bound to be thrilled with a return trip to Middle Earth. Everyone else can come for the HFR and stay for that Gollum/Bilbo throwdown.
Jackson managed to do something that I never thought was possible--make me care about a Hobbit tale. He also delivered one of the best cliffhangers of the year. Kudos to that.
If the finale is exhausting, for the most part the first half of The Desolation of Smaug is invigorating and frequently exhilarating.
The Hobbit: The Desolation of Smaug manages to zip nicely along. Yes, it's 2 hours and 40 minutes. But it doesn't really feel like it.
Yes, this is evolution in the right direction, but now it's time to take that energy and give us a final chapter that will move and inspire as well as dazzle.
If you are content to spend as much time in Middle Earth as possible, you'll have plenty of fun with this year's installment. But if you're a stickler for literary accuracy and pacing, the offering may prove only slightly less frustrating.
The most fun part of the film comes as the dwarves flee the elven holding block in oak kegs and shoot down whitewater rapids through a gauntlet of orcs.
Middle-earth should never feel this middling.
A modest but definite improvement on its predecessor.
The Hobbit: The Desolation of Smaug is technically "better" than The Hobbit: An Unexpected Journey in the same way Attack of the Clones was technically "better" than The Phantom Menace.
The Hobbit: The Desolation of Smaug is another grand entry in the Tolkien saga, raising the emotional and physical stakes while revealing more of the sinister forces that we know will ultimately come to threaten the entire world.
"(There) seems to be more action this time around. It's much more thrilling and is, again, pertinent, necessary action. And the character moments just work better in this installment."
Smaug slept through the first Hobbit film, and boy was I jealous.
For all the great effects it garners, [it] is a cold, and monotonous epic that borders on fan fiction.
The dragon is battled by dwarf, elf and Hobbit in a semi-decipherable battle of industrial de-evolution. Gold seethes down like the sweetest Caramelo candy bars passed down from the Gods. Oh, the beauty of the fallen, fiscal world.
It's these impulses of Jackson (amped up action and crass disrespect for the text) that spoiled the film; there's no let up, no pause for breath, no pause even for meals.
As usual, the dialogue includes certain important-seeming nouns which bushy beards and thick theatrical accents make difficult to discern.
A terrific middle chapter with plenty of action, excitement and fun.
An entertaining adventure with some truly masterful moments, but they still fail to justify the nearly three-hour running time.
Whatever hiccups there are, Freeman continues to be note-perfect, and Jackson does deliver on the action and builds a great deal of momentum in the final stretch.
Nearly everyone in the film is creaking under the weight of the past.
It's natural to be repelled by Jackson's commercial- and franchise-minded motives ... but, ultimately, he delivers escapist entertainment that functions as the cinematic equivalent of comfort food.
For as much as Smaug is a technical improvement over its predecessor, the screenplay is still disappointingly shallow.
More tightly paced and action-oriented than its predecessor
Even more entertaining than its predecessor, "The Hobbit: The Desolation of Smaug" continues J.R.R. Tolkien's journey with fleshed-out characters and action sequences that will bring fans back to their beloved Middle Earth.
When Jackson sticks to the game plan Tolkien laid out for him, amazing happens. Yet when Jackson strays like he has during key moments here, you can be forgiven if thought this chapter was titled "The Desolation of Tolkien".
Finally, there is the great Smaug, menacingly voiced by Bennedict Cumberbatch with a mixture of menace and humor.
Serves as the transitional movie between the introduction and the conclusion, but the ending to this movie is too abrupt.
I thoroughly enjoyed the experience of watching the movie, but I felt a bit disengaged with the story, as if it only existed as a device to hold the big pretty visuals together.
It is epic; it is packed with action; it is a delight of detail and design to the most critical eyes; and, as a movie, it is too long. But, that's how things go in the kingdom of moviemaking these days.
Maybe the series will go on forever. Would that be such a bad thing?
Opts for action and improves on Unexepected Journey's sense of adventure
Cinema as spectacle, fantastic and fun
The term genius is overused these days, but I cannot think of a better word to describe director Peter Jackson and his breadth of vision which brings J.R.R. Tolkien's work to life.
"The Hobbit: The Desolation of Smaug" is a marvelous film that deserves Oscar consideration on many fronts, not just technical achievements.
The tale has no emotional resonance, and the thinness of the plot (only five of the book's chapters are adapted here) and the colorless depictions of the leading characters do it no favors.
A huge improvement on its predecessor. Jackson and his collaborators have opted to broaden and modernise the franchise's appeal.
[Jackson] deftly nagivates a path between the dark perils of JRR Tolkien's fantasy world and the necessary jokey lighter moments.
A trilogy sinks under the middle-weight of its sheer desolation, becoming baggy, boggy, saggy and smaugy. Scenes aren't just predictable but chiselled in triplicate--with stony dialogue, soaring muzak and restless, blatant visuals. A slogging quest-opera.
Ripping, adventure-packed follow-up to the mega-disappointment of last year's yawnfest....and spare a cheery thought for the spirit of author J.R.R Tolkien, who must be looking down at these laudable spectacles with a huge smile on his face.
Enough action to entertain and enough Tolkien to satisfy.
Without meaning to disrespect the die-hard Tolkien fan who views this as overproduced heresy, those looking for a fab romp need look no further than this middle-earth mania.
Better than the first film, but it is still too long in a series of films that ought to have been fewer and shorter.
technical excellence and emotional resonance
I hate this bloated, spastic movie on so many levels.
Needless padding is the enemy of competent storytelling. The Desolation of Smaug is frustrating because you sense how much Jackson is in love with Tolkien's material, and how much that love has caused him to lose sight of what this tale should really be.
Now that CGI can conjure up anything, the challenge to film-makers is to increase their inventiveness. Jackson rises effortlessly to that.
Gigantic beards, grandiose mountains and an enormous psychopathic talking dragon. It's so good to be back in Middle Earth.
In providing a wealth of content for Tolkein fans, Jackson's cup overfloweth. That's neither good nor bad - it's just more than we need in one sitting.
It ably delivers scenes the sort of which the series' most ardent fans wish to see, [but] for those who aren't hardcore Tolkien enthusiasts it can be a bit of a slog.
We're now 343 minutes deep into the saga of The Hobbit, and I'm still having trouble keeping the names of Bilbo Baggins' thirteen (thirteen!) dwarvish companions straight in my head.
The attention to detail is extraordinary, and the filmmaking techniques are all excellent, yet I find myself outside the picture looking in throughout the film, analysing it instead of believing it
This second in the trilogy offers more ballast.. with spectacular highlights, namely the extended sequence featuring the gigantic fire-breathing dragon Smaug... (but) the film feels like overkill - there is too much going on
There's lots of action, but little consequence. There are lots of characters, but not much heart. There are fewer physical threats and more computer-generated creatures. It's excess without reason and can often feel oddly unengaging.
The Hobbit: The Desolation of Smaug is a vastly different movie than its predecessor, last year's The Hobbit: An Unexpected Journey, which at times was unexpectedly boring and laborious.
Humanity, Dazzling Visuals Save "Smaug"
One begins to feel that the addition of just one more special effect, one more grimacing Orc face or one more digital feat of derring-do might cause one to explode, like the man offered the after-dinner mint in 'Monty Python's The Meaning of Life.'
Very similar to LOTR with lots of walking montages and an identical central conflict--the corrupting temptation of the ring and a call to courage for a hobbit. Far from the journey then, it's individual moments that elicit the greatest pleasure.
Thankfully for anyone with a weakened bladder, the running time second time around is significantly shorter than the overblown starter. A whopping twenty minutes shorter, which makes it better.
A definite improvement on the previous outing, and hopefully a portent of better things to come in There and Back Again.
A good movie that could have been a great one with a tighter edit.
There are a dozen dwarves, and they all have names that sound like power tools, and their motivation ... well, let's just call them the Ferengi of Middle Earth.
The primary cast newcomers, Luke Evans and Evangeline Lilly, smoothly integrate themselves into Jackson's fantasy vision, although the return of Orlando Bloom as Legolas isn't the thrill many might be expecting.
A representação física do conceito de "excesso".
Although there's little emotional involvement in this adventure, compared with "The Lord of the Rings," it's intense and action-packed, predictably concluding with an exciting cliffhanger.
Smaug ignites the excitement missing from Jackson's sluggish first Hobbit flick, and the stunning visuals -- cinematography, costuming, set design, effects -- set it apart as one of the most impressive fantasy films ever made.
The hand-to-hand combat that fills the movie is seamlessly integrated into a make-believe world created by the magicians at Jackson's WETA workshop
Why can't the bad guys hit even one dwarf? This second chapter improves on most of its predecessor's shortcomings but suffers from the fact that it cannot stand on its own as a movie.
Be forewarned: Whether through ego, avarice, or unchecked enthusiasm, Jackson has wandered deep into the realm of fan fiction.
In essence, The Desolation of Smaug is nothing more than connective tissue... But I'm okay with that.
Another humorous and enthralling (read: downright entertaining) adventure in Middle-earth with rich characters, sharp visuals, and an epic storyline.
Jackson's latest, too lengthy, excursion to Middle-Earth is a muddle in the middle of an overwrought trilogy derived from J.R.R. Tolkien's fantasy novel...
With the introductions and bag-packing out of the way from the first film, the new movie jumps straight into the action and doesn't relent until the cliffhanger ending almost three hours later.
For the casual but compelled moviegoer, The Desolation of Smaug is a fine improvement over the first offering. Tolkien aficionados may feel otherwise.
Jackson's determination in manufacturing deeper context to every motivation and event causes him to lose his grip on the main story and the characters.
As a Middle-earth softie, The Desolation of Smaug mostly provides what I've been hoping to get out of Jackson's second tour-of-duty in Tolkien land.
At this point, Jackson is basically just offering another glimpse into his never-ending Middle-earth saga every year. If you're looking for more, well, here it is.
A better title: The Desolation of the Hobbit. It's more Lord of the Rings prequel. Extra stuff added that turns a good two-part adventure into a gazillion dollar making three.
Desolation of Smaug looks as dreary as the title would lead you to believe. The whole thing lingers in the memory as piles of sludge and ash.
Sequel bolstered by brave elves, scary dragon, big spiders.
Good news -- there are more beheadings and fewer half-hour-long dinner parties in this second installment of Peter Jackson's The Hobbit trilogy.
I'm not an aficionado of J.R.R. Tolkien's wonderworlds and I was bored with the first Hobbit movie. All this is by way of saying I quite liked its sequel and the second in the trilogy.
The movie comes off as a ponderous placeholder for the grand finale or, worse, a gigantic trailer, creating the urge to go back and watch the much better "The Lord of the Rings" trilogy.
A wickedly entertaining, sometimes thrilling adventure.
Smaug is a magnificent cinematic creation... but there's no good reason it takes so damn long to get to him.
A visual feast and a hell of a dragon set within a thin story.
Radagast and his Amazing EarthTone Dreamcoat are back, as is the vengeful Azog (the "Defiler" - bet he doesn't get invited to too many baptisms).
Though only eight minutes shorter than its predecessor, it's an altogether leaner beast that rarely pauses for breath over the course of more than two and a half hours.
Memo to schoolchildren planning on watching Peter Jackson's Hobbit trilogy in lieu of reading the novel for your book report: Don't. You could read the book in less time than watching the movies.
... The tone is darker, the threats more immediate, the stakes higher, the action more intense. In short, it feels much more akin to Jackson's "Rings" films than part one ...
Better than the first film, but still too long and drawn out.
"The Hobbit" has been saved... at least for the time being. "The Desolation of Smaug" is a vast improvement over the first installment and is an excellent return to the level of quality as "The Lord of the Rings."
[Jackson's] direction is still forceful and smooth, emphasizing movement over chaos, which is a nice change of pace from most blockbusters.
Not much more than padding between the introductory and concluding chapters.(Full Content Review for Parents also available)
The movie fails to make you sympathize with Thorin. I was rooting for him to fail, he'd make a wretched King. Should have been called The Hobbit: Sidequests. I felt like I was watching a Video Game or Theme Park ride pitch and not a real movie.
If you're a fan of Jackson's prolific Middle Earth than you're going to be a fan of this movie. If you came to see the original story of The Hobbit unfold then you'll like about 20 minutes.
Further adventures of Bilbo and the dwarves Thorin, Balin, Bifur, Bofur, Bombur, Dopey, Sneezy, Grumpy - you remember.
Getting your head around the wider narrative is like attempting to discern the shape of a galaxy by staring at one island in one ocean on one planet.
Where An Unexpected Journey felt disjointed and flabby, The Desolation of Smaug much more effectively captures the sense of adventure of Tolkien's quest story.
Is she the Jar Jar Binks of the Lord of the Rings universe?
My 12 year-old and I had a ball. The drama and exposition take a backseat to thrilling action sequences with eye-popping visuals.
Big, bloated and bound to take a billion at the box office - yes it's a Peter Jackson film.
More exciting than its predecessor, Peter Jackson's visual expertise helps guide this fun sequel.
The thematic elements are in place, the emotional tension is highly strung, and the action unfolds in a wave like the fire erupting from the dragon's mouth, overtaking all in its path.
[W]hat Jackson does with the central storyline ... is quite effective here.
Two-thirds of the way through 'The Hobbit' trilogy and it's apparent that while this won't match the level of excellence of the LOTR films, Jackson still finds a little more magic left in Middle Earth.
The Desolation of Smaug entertains, but the run time continues to be way too long.
Unlike An Unexpected Journey, The Hobbit: The Desolation of Smaug leaves audiences excited about the next chapter of the saga.
Feels like a chore rather than a source of entertainment and/or enlightenment.
Even though the visuals aren't quite as sharp, The Desolation of Smaug is the exciting, fantasy adventure many wished An Unexpected Journey to be.
The intricacy of the detail everywhere you look is more than gorgeous. It lends a timelessness to the story.
It sets the franchise back on track and leaves us with elevated hopes for finishing with a flourish.
Middle Earth purists will see where Jackson has stepped out of the pages of The Hobbit and into The Lord Of The Rings, but there is a pace and a cohesion that the first film lacked.
Superior in nearly all ways to its predecessor, this second of Peter Jackson's epic adaptations of J.R.R. Tolkien's not-nearly-as-massive prequel to The Lord of the Rings trilogy is a welcome surprise.
Entertaining enough? Sure. But when all is said and done, it's impossible for the series of Hobbit films to measure up to the first trilogy.
Though a heavily beefed-up version of what happens in the book, the scene still manages to conjure up some of the primal thrills that Tolkien's novel has provided for generations of young readers.
Peter Jackson's newest installment of the Tolkien trilogy is set afire by the scorching roar of a dragon.
An occasionally exciting yet mostly lumbering sequel that proves you can indeed have too much of a good thing.
What comes across like a fireside yarn in print has turned into an overlong schlep with extra baggage.
Jackson seems to have realized that the story -- whether his, Tolkien's or a hybrid of the two -- depends less on massed battles than on meaningful behavior.
This second "Hobbit" film is a worthy entry in the Jackson/Tolkien canon. But after almost three hours in the theater, having a incomplete story feels like a cheat.
Jackson at least delivers an excessive visual spectacular that's stunning to watch while waiting for the end to finally come.
The Desolation of Smaug is a lot of fun, but for the love of God, just end it already.
The latest lap of their journey is far more focused and much more exciting than the last one.
A relentless adventure tale, teaming with rowdy action, slavering enemies and Elven gymnastics.
It often feels like the movie's title character is marginalized in his own story.
Peter Jackson and his team have certainly taken artistic license to extend these films beyond the Tolkein novels, and if Hobbit fans are willing to accept that, they are in for a tremendous adventure with "The Desolation of Smaug".
"The Desolation of Smaug" is so much fun, you won't mind experiencing it twice to see what you missed at the first go around.
Director Peter Jackson performs the same kind of miracles with the digital Smaug that he did with Gollum in the Lord of the Rings trilogy.
Jackson's direction is spiky and majestic ...
The Desolation of Smaug is not only eight minutes shorter than its forebear, it's at least eight minutes better - less twee, less chatty, more action, more Elvish.
After a sluggish first Hobbit, Peter Jackson woke up and smelled the java. No. 2 is an action-packed thrill ride.
"The Desolation of Smaug" is a rip-roaring wizards and lizards escapade that delivers a full quota of thrills while remaining true to the lighthearted spirit of the source material.
Peter Jackson, take a fire-breathing bow.
"The Desolation of Smaug" sometimes feels slower than an Ent, but audiences will be spellbound by the museum-quality production design, top-notch visual effects and endearingly unironic performances.
We were promised desolation, but "The Hobbit" just keeps dragon on.
Also impressive is all the beauty on display in Smaug, from the stunning New Zealand landscapes to the actors.
The 161 minute running time feels more like a 100m sprint than a marathon...
It's relentlessly episodic and perhaps a little too breathless for its own good, but it's also non-stop fun, even if you're not always 100 per cent sure of where we're heading.
Jackson succeeds in making this film feel like more than a mere midpoint, but rather a proper chapter unto itself, with a beginning, middle and, as much as can be expected under the circumstances, an end.
Providing a riot of action but little more than that, [it's] big and visually opulent but oddly lumbering and dull.
After turning J.R.R. Tolkien's Middle Earth into a bloated, brain-numbing travelogue in The Hobbit: An Unexpected Journey, Peter Jackson strikes back with a sequel slightly less bloated and slightly less brain-numbing.
Fangs, wings and claws, oh my. Burn, Smaug, burn.
There is so much going on in the middle chapter of Peter Jackson's three-volume Hobbit tale, you'll have time to enjoy its excesses, weary of them, and finally return to a kind of grudging admiration of the film's prodigal nature.
It's still enjoyable fantasy fun, but The Desolation of Smaug has difficulty coughing up reasons for its extended run time and legion of characters. And this is only the midway point in the story.
Peter Jackson improves markedly upon The Hobbit: An Unexpected Journey. There is far more questing and far less talking about questing.
The chaotic action, amped-up sound effects, and needlessly intricate CGI landscapes (which are less convincing than traditional sets or even the hand-drawn backdrops of Disney classics) wore me out well before the movie was over.
Tolkien is barely there, and Middle-earth lies in ruins.
The dragon Smaug himself is magnificent, some of the digital artwork is attractive and the movie is no worse than its multiplex peers, but in my heart all I feel is . . .  desolation.
For those who read the book (and loved it), the films are merely a way to garner more billions from fans.
Jackson's The Hobbit...is shaping up as a weirdly overblown attempt to force a much smaller story into the epic size of his previous movies.
For many, Jackson's "Hobbit" will look like an overly long amusement-park attraction. But for fantasy fans who have dreamed all their lives of spending time inside Tolkien's dazzling alternative reality, it's a ride well worth taking.
Put the first movie behind you. This one's good.
Much of this has all the gluteus-clenching intensity of a good video game, but there's also a thematic subtext here - as there was in the "LOTR" films - of good vs. evil and honor vs. treachery.
A rollicking, non-stop fantasy adventure that delivers sizeable thrills, amazing action sequences and spectacular special effects, with terrific performances and jaw-dropping production design work.
Smaug expands this universe in ways that are narratively engaging, while also providing enough of that gorgeously shot and perfectly choreographed fantasy action that made The Lord of the Rings trilogy such a phenomenon.
Deserves to be championed in the way Jackson's Lord of the Rings movies are, and sets this latest journey through Middle Earth back on the right track.
One suspects that if it was any other name but Jackson's above the title, we would be baying for the head of which ever journeyman hack had force-fed us this unnecessary volley of (upper-)second division fantasy clichés.
A bloated, dawdling and distended adventure that throws in so many extraneous characters and subplots, the eponymous hero - Bilbo Baggins - is edged off the screen for large chunks of time.
With wittier action and a few more sharply defined characters, this second episode in Peter Jackson's trilogy is more engaging than the somewhat over-packed An Unexpected Journey.
From the twisted darkness of Mirkwood Forest to the sparkling beauty of a giant gold statue, Jackson makes sure viewers feel as if they've stepped into another world (with or without 3-D). Plus, it has a spectacular dragon. Who doesn't love that?
More action, and less diddlefarting through many a forest and meadow, than the previous film.
Feels like rousing a sleeping dragon.
Our heroes trudge on a bit, have a furious fight, escape. They trudge on some more, have an even more furious fight, and escape again. It just feels overstuffed, like some dwarfish banquet, course after course after course without any clear end.
This film could lose an hour and be much better for the cutting. But then again, it never really needed to be made in the first place.
There's nothing like a fire-breathing dragon to inject some heat back into a franchise gone lukewarm.
The moviemakers create a world that you just want to jump in to, even if it means facing down the King of the Orcs.
While it may not be as good as "An Unexpected Journey," "The Desolation of Smaug" is still an outstanding continuation of the saga that gives fans just about everything they could want from such an adaptation.
With Jackson, it's all lather, rinse, repeat.
Like its predecessor, it features way too much trudging through forests.
If you liked "An Unexpected Journey" last year, you'll like "The Desolation of Smaug" because, really, it's more of the same.
The Hobbit: The Desolation of Smaug will absolutely thrill fans of Middle-earth and Peter Jackson's Lord of the Rings universe.
Just when the movie seems to be at its most plodding, it perks up to envision an element of Tolkien's tale in a way that words could never capture.
The transformation of Jackson's Middle Earth into alt-Tolkien fan fiction is complete.
When you consider the spectacle involved and the edge of your seat derring-do on display, The Desolation of Smaug can't help but satisfy.
It's livelier and better than its predecessor. The first movie's harrumphing throat-clearing has given way to a swift, imposing adventure boasting several wing-ding action sequences.
A space-holding, empty-headed epic filled with characters and places (digital and otherwise) that are hard to keep straight, much less care about.
Honestly, I couldn't stop grinning.
It is confident enough to leave the audience hanging having created enormous momentum and promising an epic confrontation ahead, even if it is slightly frustrating not to have a proper ending.
This is a far more purposeful affair, mostly devoid of the longeurs that often drained momentum from An Unexpected Journey and winningly unafraid to depart from JRR Tolkien's text to enrich the mix of characters.
Clocking in at in excess of two and a half hours, this second film in The Hobbit trilogy hits the ground running with a couple of impressive set pieces but runs out of puff long before it reaches the scenes with Tolkien's fabled dragon.
It's epic fantasy for those who thinks the term means monsters, chases, fights, and little else.
Economic storytelling has gone the way of twenty four frames per second; this is a movie informed by obnoxious, brazen economics.
Jackson's audacity and folly both come to the fore in this picture, which is much more than a placeholder but something less than a fully satisfying saga in its own right.
Everything is better this time around, but you still can't help but notice all the filler, the clumsy exposition, and graceless myth-making.
...an engaging story that should thrill the hardcore fans and even entertain some of the holdouts to the supposed charms of Tolkien.
While there's plenty of fun to be had with this feature, much of it could have easily been left on the cutting room floor.
The Desolation of Smaug satisfies both as a Saturday-matinee serial and as a tempting fanfare for the climactic There and Back Again, due next December.
It's a rousing adventure, in parts; a film of great moments rather than a great film with a pattern of suspense that trails up and down like a hobbit over a mountain range.
Romance may not be what fans of this fantasy franchise want, but it's a blessing for the rest of us. In a movie driven mostly by kabillion-dollar special effects, it's nice to feel a human emotion.
Well, that's more like it!
This is a perfectly solid, diverting film. So was the last one. Go in with measured expectations and you'll have nothing to fear -- or be disappointed by.
Even though "Smaug" clocks in at a seat-squirming length -- more than 2 1/2 hours -- it rarely feels padded.
There's only so many times you can watch 13 mostly anonymous dwarves dancing along in a line without singing to yourself: ''Let's all earn some wonga...''
Exhaustion has set in by the time Bilbo and his friends encounter Smaug around the two-hour mark, so it's a good thing that that's when Jackson goes full bore with the adrenalizing, digitally augmented braggadocio.
"The Desolation of Smaug" turns to be more of too much of a good thing.
Somewhat better than last year's meandering dud - a slight improvement on a movie that should have been pretty easy to improve upon.
Murkier, but done with more dash and a greater sense of fun than the first "Hobbit."
While the film's needlessly abrupt ending prevents it from working on its own terms, "The Desolation of Smaug" is quite nearly a great Hobbit film, filled with wondrous invention, genuine pathos, and many great performances.
Onward to the third installment. Jackson is back on track.
Congratulations, Millenials - you have your own disappointing Prequel Trilogy.
Some problems persist...but the series has found its footing, replacing complacency with storytelling confidence. With one left to go, Jackson's Tolkien films are beginning to feel all of one piece.
One is allowed to sit back and accept that this will be a trilogy with just a bunch of mildly diverting, often seemingly purposeless loud and clangy stuff.
Sure, all the studios offer anymore are big, dumb adventure spectacles, but that's not a knock against the achievement of this one, which at least parades wonders before us, not the least being the greatest dragon in the history of movies.
...a near perfect blend of the previous trilogy as well as giving Bilbo Baggins his own fully realized story with another brilliant creation in the form of Smaug.
Jackson barely puts a hairy foot wrong for an action-packed two hours and 40 minutes.
Jackson evidently takes great pleasure in just giving us all this wonderful sense of escapism, with some unashamed, fantastical fun to indulge in.
A freewheeling and exciting second film that moves at a breathless pace offering up entertainment and excitement in equal measure and ends on a dramatic high that will have fantasy fans desperate for more.
Despite suffering from middle-act wobbles, The Desolation Of Smaug nevertheless delivers rousing action, incredible visuals and one stupendous dragon.
The Desolation of Smaug feels Ringsier in tone while forging entirely its own narrative path, marrying breathless action with shrewd character building.
'Desolation of Smaug' is Tolkien fantasy unleashed, keeping up with the 'Avengers'-inspired Hollywood that wants its blockbusters bigger and bigger and bigger.
As an audience, we are literally traveling there and back again, and with The Desolation of Smaug, I'd suggest you're in for a hell of a ride.
A welcome return to form for Peter Jackson that should help remind everyone why they loved 'The Lord of the Rings' trilogy so much.
Even though he airballs the finale and occasionally stumbles along the way, Peter Jackson does bring the old magic back.
A once-precious franchise's weakest installment, which forgets these adventures' magic was never conjured by bells and whistles.
Maybe this really is what a lot of people want to see from a film version of The Hobbit, but let's at least accept that Tolkien would probably not have been among them.
It's a breathlessly told, action-packed crowd-pleaser that restores the luster of the saga for those underwhelmed by its predecessor and leaves you excited for the final chapter in the trilogy.
Eschewing the kitchen-sink minutiae of the first installment, Peter Jackson creates a rousing, immersive sequel that offers the same sort of sweeping action - and emotional engagement - that helped the "Rings" films become a cultural phenomenon.
"The Further Adventures Of Chasing Gemstones That Mean Something Or Other To The Dwarves" might be a better suited subtitle.
It's mysterious and strange and yet Jackson also effortlessly conjures up that genial quality that distinguishes The Hobbit from the more solemn Rings stories.
As a fragmentary middle piece of something, it isn't complete unto itself, which makes final judgment hard. With that in mind, it is very fun to look at, especially in 3D.
There comes a time when we must stop kidding ourselves. These 'Hobbit' films - with 'The Desolation of Smaug' representing the shank of the trilogy - are not real movies.
Middle-earth's got its mojo back. A huge improvement on the previous instalment, this takes our adventurers into uncharted territory and delivers spectacle by the ton.
Nearly everything about The Hobbit: The Desolation of Smaug represents an improvement over the first installment of Peter Jackson's three-part adaptation of J.R.R. Tolkien's beloved creation.
After a bumpy beginning with 'An Unexpected Journey,' Peter Jackson's 'Hobbit' trilogy finds its footing in this much more exciting and purposeful second chapter.

@highlight

While still slightly hamstrung by "middle chapter" narrative problems and its formidable length, The Desolation of Smaug represents a more confident, exciting second chapter for the Hobbit series.