It's right there in the title: we've gone from The Bourne Ultimatum to simply Jason Bourne. He's not fighting for some greater good, he's just a reason to keep us watching. And after a while, it gets exhausting.
Bourne was the franchise that helped rescue Matt Damon's career after Oscar-bait bombs ... Now it's the franchise that he's going to have to leave behind and find the next big thing.
Jason Bourne may start out slow, but it continuously builds upon that boiling momentum before exploding into a grand finale that makes you truly happy the franchise has been brought back
Damon slips into his character seamlessly even at 46, the flimsy plot, however, weighs him down.
It's almost as if the director, along with the editor/ screenwriter, played Bourne Bingo and the winning card became the finished film.
There's only so many car chases and so much watching of Matt Damon walking purposefully in and out of buildings, baseball cap pulled low over his eyes, that a man can take.
This movie is made up of the most infuriating conveniences.
... Jason Bourne proves to be a worthy entry into the Bourne saga.
Jason Bourne is a most welcome addition and a summer treat.
The action scenes are good, and that's all you ever really need out of a Bourne movie.
Jason Bourne often feels like what someone remembers a Bourne movie looking like, years after they had last seen one.
When an action movie has you dreading the action sequences, and yawning through the rest, it's pretty safe to say it's a born loser.
Jason Bourne is a good and entertaining action film, but it's also completely unnecessary. There's no longer many secrets left in the closet for this spy. [Full review in Spanish]
Feels like a rote instalment in a franchise that's holding on a little too long,
Although it's not quite up to the standard of the original trilogy, it's nice to see Damon back on patrol.
Escapist fare of the fast and furious kind, Jason Bourne will likely impress diehard fans of the long-running series. Others may prefer to have the invincible spook finally put out to pasture.
We hear a CIA agent claiming "We're still trying to put together a narrative to explain what happened." Good luck with that.
The world has changed a great deal since the last Bourne and it would have been good to see that seriously incorporated here. It's a tad disappointing to see the Bourne franchise prove itself susceptible to sequelitis.
Jason Bourne is a superior summer blockbuster -- bursting with brawn and brains.
The broken super-assassin returns after nearly a decade -- and he's moodier than ever.
It would have been nice if the filmmakers had been able to make this Bourne revival better than the movies that spawned it.
Jason Bourne is a misfire that looks promising early on and devolves into a generic action film that has nothing to say.
The consensus has quickly emerged that it's disappointing because it's just more of the same... In fact, it is even worse. If anything, this is less of the same.
One hour into the movie, you feel like you're watching outtakes from a Mission Impossible sequel.
There are a couple of extended action sequences in Jason Bourne that are executed with such aplomb, they pretty much justify the admission price by themselves. The story... is rather less engrossing
The action sequences, though unspooling in a vacuum of consequences and plausibility, remain strong. But in Vegas, Jason Bourne shows how weak its hand is. There's wanton destruction everywhere, but no real thrills, no actual ideas, to cash in on.
This fourth sequel manages to meet expectations thanks to its technical aspects, intrigue and locations. [Full review in Spanish]
In a time when an informant apparently harmless, like Snowden, represents a major threat to the United States, who would believe that a guy like Bourne is a real risk? [Full review in Spanish]
The series is losing its steam.
It's rare to find a spy thriller that gets the heart pounding like this.
Jason Bourne tries to revive a franchise that already died. [Full review in Spanish]
A film with amazing action sequences. [Full review in Spanish]
A worthy antecedent to the original trilogy... Greengrass understands the strengths and limitations of the formula, and exploits them for sturdy, occasionally extraordinary entertainment.
Missing this time out is passion in its central idea of a world on the brink of chaos and the clandestine forces who brought it there.
I must admit that is not a bad but compared to the previous films, it's the worst. [Full review in Spanish]
The movie meets expectations, because it's entertaining and exciting. The fans would enjoy it the most. [Full review in Spanish]
Jason Bourne emerges as a supremely neat action movie, its editing ever-rigorous, its Foley work unfailingly precise.
Jason Bourne is a film that may disappoint one or two fans but generally will satisfy casual viewers. [Full review in Spanish]
Greengrass uses exciting, elaborate chase sequences to compensate for the weak, not-so-interesting narrative. Two lengthy scenes stand out.
I actually looked at my watch a few times.
The only one who actually seemed to care is Tony Gilroy, who wrote or co-wrote the four previous movies (and directed the fourth). He didn't even show up for this dud. Now that was a smart move.
Matt Damon and Paul Greengrass' new film is full of action but has a generic plot. [Full review in Spanish]
It's just like old times. Once again, Bourne hurtles from one grey and gritty European metropolis to another at breathtaking speed... And once again, Greengrass stages the action with bone-jarring immediacy.
Much of Jason Bourne consists of grim action set pieces interspersed with long sequences of people sitting in front of computer screens. Somehow the movie is simultaneously frenetic and static, going nowhere really, really fast.
Just feel the pell-mell editing - at its most bravura in a car chase along the Vegas Strip - and the weary grace that Matt Damon, 45, brings to his role.
The weakest of the Matt Damon/Paul Greengrass Bourne movies (but an improvement over The Bourne Legacy)...
Each new Bourne sells a new variation on skepticism, nihilism, and gloom, supposedly enlivened by director Paul Greengrass's hyperactive, overly edited, always indecipherable chases, explosions, and fight scenes.
"Jason Bourne" is a solid "link" movie.
A generally unexciting chapter in the Jason Bourne storyline, which fails to take the character in new directions.
It's not so much Jason Bourne is a bad action-adventure as it is a pointless one.
Sacrificing emotionally engaging character development in favor of visual, kinetic action, this familiar franchise could benefit from some lower-octane fuel...
Features most of the virtues, and vices, of the earlier entries in the series. Damon's an outstanding hero. There's a superlative supporting cast. The plot is full of intrigue and challenging ideas. But damn, that shaky cam. (Splice Today)
Out of all the Bourne films starring Damon, Jason Bourne is considerably the worst.
The fifth entry in the Bourne franchise is comprised of familiar character types, plot points and action beats, but there's an intense, visceral feel that, to my surprise, renews almost all of these elements.
This is a really bad movie.
This Bourne movie is a bit more loose than the others, not as tightly constructed, but the action scenes are effective enough, the characters are believable and the story is compelling. It works well enough.
Greengrass again demonstrates a deft mastery of choreographing action sequences that are hectic but coherent
While a reunion between Greengrass and Damon should feel like a refreshing extension of the franchise, Jason Bourne is just another replica, and an unnecessary one.
Greengrass and Damon certainly can't be accused of cynical opportunism in returning to the franchise -- they've made a solid attempt, here, to honour both the character and his legions of fans.
Jason Bourne earns its place as a worthy successor to the original trilogy, but the suggested sequel is going to have to work harder in giving Jason Bourne, and the undeniably aging Matt Damon, a reason to move yet again.
Following the convoluted story is getting to be more trouble than it's worth, but Greengrass holds our interest with some high-adrenaline action scenes.
Clearly, everything that needed to be told about the character has been told already. [Full review in Spanish]
Matt Damon is back as Bourne in an action packed movie with locations like Greece and Las Vegas. [Full review in Spanish]
The work of a director that has his own style and knows what he wants. [Full review in Spanish]
Flashier than the previous entries but it loses some of the tragic elements the saga was built upon. [Full review in Spanish]
We're a long way from the Robert Ludlum material that was so organically and intricately concerned with spy games and double dealings at the highest levels, with Jason Bourne caught up as the harried fly in the ointment.
Jason Bourne brings the brawn and the teeth-rattling intensity, and that can be fun, but ultimately, one chase after another is just a lot of running around.
A conventional sequel that should please series fans but will disappoint those looking for a unique story in this franchise.
Get some rest Jason. You look tired.
The Bourne franchise found closure in 2007, and I can't help feeling Damon knows it. He's just too nice a guy to say no when his friends come calling.
Just getting through the dizzying chaos of Bourne's first chase, set amid a protest in Athens, and trying to follow him through darkness, crowds, and exploding Molotov cocktails is exhausting.
Greengrass and Damon know well how to do this. [Full review in Spanish]
Damon as Jason Bourne is a study in action flick empathy, with a trace of ordinary to make us believe, hey, we could do that.
In this age of sequels, reboots and cinematic universes, maybe all that matters is keeping franchises alive, even if some entries are forgettable. But a lot of recent films seem to keep a series going for more compelling reasons than Jason Bourne.
Of all the indignities Damon's title character, dug out of retirement after nine years, has to suffer in the disappointing Jason Bourne, the worst is how out-of-touch the new conspiracy he unravels feels
A sequel looking for a raison d'être but is unable to find one and carries on regardless.
Jason Bourne still is an interesting hero. [Full review in Portuguese.]
The final pursuit in Las Vegas is quite ridiculous but great fun, and overall it's a film that should please series devotees while also being accessible to new viewers.
It takes a special kind of film actor to make a performance like this work, and Mr Damon certainly fits that bill.
The reality of "Jason Bourne" is one of obligation and monotony, as if it's not Bourne with a gun perpetually to his head, but the people writing him.
A pumped-up, giddily rewarding espionage travelogue, which is pretty much how I remember the first Bourne movie from all those years ago.
Jason Bourne, even with all its narrative pretzels, gives Bourne very little to do, and the film trots out the same old franchise tricks to diminishing effects.
The movie feels like the work of a capable but uninspired cover band. Before we had Treadstone; now we have re-Treadstone.
Greengrass is as dexterous as ever, yet the result, though abounding in thrills, seems oddly stifled by self-consciousness and, dare one say, superfluous.
This previously genre-defying franchise now feels very much conventional.
A flagging franchise thoroughly revived courtesy of another inspired collaboration by Messrs. Damon and Greengrass!
The pace is breezy and the action scenes are expertly staged. But while Bourne was shaking off his memory loss, I was hit with a severe case of déjà vu.
What takes the edge off... is a sense of familiarity; the franchise going through the motions, beat for beat.
It's clear Bourne has once again become a compliant foot soldier - this time in the service of a Hollywood studio desperate for an asset it can exploit for years to come.
If you've ever enjoyed a Bourne film, you'll like this one as much as any of them. Can't say fairer than that.
It's thrilling stuff, and really does compound Greengrass's reputation as a terrific action director; a couple of the chase scenes make Bond's latest antics look almost pedestrian.
An extremely professional, competent and well made new chapter in the series - which feels almost exactly the same as the previous chapters.
The fist fights are bruising, the killings are ruthless, a heart-thumping car chase through the streets of Las Vegas is spectacular and a final showdown between Bourne and a figure from his past is suitably brutal.
Amid such visceral spectacle, Damon injects a much needed air of humanity. His speech may be sparse, but his body is expressively talkative, conveying violence, pathos and even tragedy in surprisingly precise fashion.
It fails spectacularly on every level, from the moribund script to the lackadaisical acting to schizophrenic editing that's so fixated on quick cuts it's impossible to follow what's going on.
its exertions rarely rise above a series of hackneyed tropes and painful clichés before pulling itself together in the last 15 minutes or so
Greengrass raises the level of difficulty for himself by creating an atmosphere of chaos, and then deftly navigates it.
Jason Bourne was written by a film editor. That pretty much says it all.
Jason Bourne is more indecipherable and unformed than ever, with Damon not given much more to do than shoot, brawl, bleed and run.
The re-teaming of Greengrass and Matt Damon once again produces a gem.
We have seen all this accomplished with more heart in the previous Bourne efforts and in the Road Runner cartoons.
After an ignominious foray into Damon-less purgatory (or "LimBo-urne," if you will), Universal has gotten the band back together for another trip down Memory Loss Lane.
... doesn't serve to advance the franchise as much as to prolong it.
Damon owns the role and the movie. It's a tense, twisty mindbender anchored by something no computer can generate: soul.
Delivers what fans of the franchise like about it--electrifying action, an international itinerary and a dogged hero with superhuman abilities yet very human vulnerabilities.
It strings the audience along, promising to give more explanation to things that have already been explained in the previous movies.
Without the story arc of the original trilogy, it all feels gratuitous. This is a movie that seeks to indulge an audience hungry for a specific style of action, as opposed to serving a compelling narrative.
These guys couldn't make a boring movie if they tried. But it's time to move on from Bourne.
It may be rhetorical to call what happens in this thriller "thrills," but there's plenty of excitement in its pedal to the metal.
Fast-paced, with a score that really ratchets up the tension, this is a thrilling return to a very familiar landscape.
Damon's previous Bourne efforts have been terrific. This film, though, proves we do not need Bourne again.
Despite everything I'd be lying if I said I didn't enjoy it.
Fans of the series will enjoy the chase scenes, but story-wise it's nowhere near as satisfying as some of its predecessors.
There is some good stuff here, as Damon is a solid as ever and the action sequences on the Las Vegas strip are impressive. But this is very, very well-trod territory and the result is the weakest film in the series.
Sure, Jason Bourne has all the hallmarks of a story - there are characters who are involved in scenes, and those scenes indicate the forward march of time - but nothing here actually matters.
It's a path we've trod many times -- seriously, does every high-level CIA director have to be corrupt? -- but it's a path that holds up for a reason.
Like the character's past, this update is instantly forgettable.
Greengrass stages three breathless marquee action sequences, including a smash-em-up car chase down the Las Vegas Strip that would make even the "Fast and Furious" gang stop and gawk.
Non-stop action almost makes up for a thin plot in this spy thriller.
The experience of Jason Bourne may ironically work best for those who are able to put past chapters out of their mind and just thrill to the movement on the screen.
The franchise just doesn't have the claws it once did; it can't conjure the same outrage in a movie that goes beyond the CIA for a post-Snowden look at how Silicon Valley can be corrupted for the sake of global surveillance.
Action sequences-way too familiar-mixed with a plot-far too transparent-yields a not very exciting Bourne...
The joy of film-or any art, really-is in the discovery of something new, and Jason Bourne, for all its competence, is totally devoid of newness.
...an entertaining film marred by ridiculous car chases, but one does get to look at Alicia Vikander for two hours, and there's nothing wrong with that.
The biggest disappointment, among many, for Greengrass's reboot of the franchise he and Damon had abandoned for a decade is how divorced Bourne is from his original species.
Familiar, a retread possibly, but a fun ride, even if that jerk Greengrass is hellbent on whiplash cam.
Jason Bourne is a serviceable Bourne franchise installment, but an uninventive and unnecessary epilogue to the original Bourne movie trilogy.
Director Paul Greengrass refuses to tangle with any of the true-life topics he's borrowing for gravitas
The world has changed since 2007, and not only in the ways the filmmakers are self-consciously trying to engage.
This new installment in the series is one of the better ones.
If like many people you are glad Damon is back as Jason Bourne, you will be even gladder after seeing this.
My guess is that the camera work is much the same here, but this time I had a nice Pinot Noir during the movie (thank you AMC theaters) and my nerves were much more able to handle it.
Clearly, Jason Bourne (and Jason Bourne) is tired.
Jason Bourne is entertaining enough, an action-packed paranoid thriller that clocks in at a trim two hours.
There is a palpable sense of déjà vu, despite being in the capable hands of director Paul Greengrass once again.
Matt Damon is Bourne again. Looks like all the other Bourne movies. Suspend disbelief and just enjoy the ride.
After a while it becomes clear that the cat-and-mouse strategies exist only for their own sake ... It's a portrait of futility, which might just be the point.
As a three-dimensional character, it's hard to say that it's good to see him again. But as an action hero driving a Dodge Charger off a ramp and onto a speeding SWAT truck? Welcome back, old friend.
Greengrass (also the co-writer) has done what he does best, delivering two hours of pure, unadulterated excitement.
Make no mistake, "Jason Bourne" is entertaining, but it's also fairly unmemorable, because the story it tells doesn't necessarily need to be told.
The world of Bourne never really changes; there are new foes and new secrets but the journey remains the same and that is both a strength and weakness.
Matt Damon should have listened to Matt Damon about the folly of making a fourth 'Bourne' adventure.
The director's intricately edited shaky-cam style is no longer quite the revelation it once was, but it still kicks.
Gunmen on rooftops, bombs, civilians dying in the fray, government corruption, a mopey Matt Damon---there ain't no escapist sunshine here, folks.
For 45 minutes or so, "Jason Bourne" is a dizzying combination of quick action and chase sequences. Everything is constantly in motion. The bulk of the film's first third captures the spirit and energy of the fine films that came before this one.
Think of this film as a big fat apology for the lame Jeremy Renner Bourne movie we were stuck with a few years ago.
I almost forgot it was Matt Damon in the movie after a while. He doesn't really get to do much acting, per se, he is just in centre frame for all the action scenes.
Such an enormous amount of screen time is devoted to him sullenly trudging from place to place, I swear not even GERRY had this many shots of Matt Damon walking.
Well, it looked amazing on paper.
While Greengrass lacks the poetic flair of a director such as Michael Mann, he has his own assured, breathless style, characterised by rapid editing, flash pans and jolting zooms.
There is something hypnotic in the film's total dedication to the idea of speed as an end in itself.
The movie is open-ended enough to allow for another installment, but what's the point if our hero has nowhere left to go, no more dark personal secrets to uncover, or nothing left to say?
[Damon] has lost none of his battered gravity, and director Paul Greengrass keeps the action racing forward in a splinteringly rough documentary style.
It isn't just Bourne who's triumphantly returning. It's that hash of a style: the shaky-cam is back.
You don't buy a ticket for a Jason Bourne movie for its social commentary. You do it for the chases and the carnage. And on those counts -- sweet Margaret, mother of mayhem! -- Jason Bourne delivers.
This is bravura filmmaking but it is also one-dimensional.
It's a kinetic film, but unfortunately all that motion ends up feeling like going through the motions, and by the Las Vegas chase denouement I'd somewhat lost interest.
Fortunately for Greengrass, the likability of Damon in this role can carry the film through almost any detours.
Clearly the theme with Jason Bourne is the franchise ain't broke so we're not fixing it.
While Greengrass can't resist shaking the camera too much, he's staged some impressive, tense, set-pieces that demand to be seen on the big screen.
Whoever thought that the "Fast and Furious" series would keep getting better while the once-smart "Bourne" series is the one that drives off a cliff?
The fifth entry in the franchise, is a flat, affectless, misfire.
Greengrass and Damon come off less like returning storytellers than aging rock stars, back out for an encore of a song they've grown tired of singing.
He remembers everything except when to stop.
Despite regurgitating elements from the founding trilogy, Jason Bourne represents the best the series has yet offered.
If you like decently staged and executed action scenes, you'll probably find this to your liking. (Full Content Review for Parents - Violence, Profanity, etc. - Available)
Jason Bourne delivers plenty of red meat, no question. Now if Damon and Greengrass can only bring back the heartbeat and complexity.
Even when Jason Bourne doesn't click with the same rhythm as its predecessors, it has a weight that outclasses nearly every other big action movie around.
Director Paul Greengrass tries to up the perambulatory drama with lots of cuts, swishes, jiggles, and wobbles from his camera and swellings from his soundtrack, but the energy just isn't there.
I'd be surprised if Damon speaks more than 100 words in the entire movie, and that no-nonsense approach serves Bourne well on his grim mission to uncover the truth and expose the liars.
Bravo to star Damon and director Greengrass. Ethan Hunt and James Bond, how are you going to top the destruction of the Las Vegas Strip?
The set pieces are simply incredible. There is a motorbike chase that has you holding your breath, a great cat-and-mouse scene in London and a car chase in Vegas that must go down as one of the best ever.
[Vikander is] the only spark of originality in a film that's slickly and perfectly well-presented, yet completely and utterly repetitive.
'Jason Bourne' hints at a sequel. However, I think the series is played out and Damon, who served as one of the film's producers, should take Bourne off the grid for good.
This is the Bourne repetition.
Made with a palpable sense of urgency, this tense, propulsive motion picture is a model of what mainstream entertainment can be like when everything goes right.
What was supposed to be a return to form is instead a franchise low point, shamelessly recycling better ideas from better films.
It feels like the film is searching for reasons to be relevant rather than being driven by any urgent imperatives of its own.
For a completely unnecessary movie, Jason Bourne isn't bad.
The action is, of course, electric and Greengrass bookends the movie with the most spectacular chases.
Just once it would be nice to have some character detail or a line of dialogue that went beyond "Suspect turning left", or the series catchphrase: "You don't have any idea who you're dealing with!"
Given the mind-boggling nature of the action and the quality of the performances, this once again delivers the kind of thrills we have come to expect and love.
Jason Bourne has a passable plot and a couple of pulsating sequences, which already makes it better than the majority of action movies.
An idea-starved vestigial tail on the Bourne trilogy that wrapped up nicely nine years ago.
Jones's dyspeptic deadpan is the only fun thing in Jason Bourne.
[B]arring the previous and Bourne-free one, it never felt as if the movies were made for cynical reasons ... Jason Bourne does feel that way.
It's very much a movie that feels made without narrative purpose.
A great package from a talented team, delivering just what Bourne fans want.
While it doesn't need humour, it suffers from a terminal lack of charisma and imagination, leaving the world exactly as it was two hours before it started.
mechanical and obvious
Bourne is numbing in its relentless, repetitive pursuit sequences, some of which add absolutely nothing to the story except wrecked cars and extra minutes.
Once the action-propelled rush of Jason Bourne subsides, there will be plenty of fresh food for thought to be chewed over by dedicated Bourne-o-thologists.
Did we need another Bourne movie after Damon and Greengrass had previously hung up their gloves? Probably not. But we'll take it anyway because it's still a gripping way to spend two hours.
Bourne used to be an anguished amnesiac. Now he remembers who he is, but this fourth episode of the franchise forgot to make him human.
A ho-hum entry in the previously electrifying franchise.
It reunites director Greengrass and once-and-future (and still buff) Matt Damon for a Jason Bourne movie so familiar-in-a-good-way that they dispensed with a Ludlum-esque title descriptor and simply called it Jason Bourne.
Even its abundant action scenes can't save it from feeling like a greatest hits compilation of returning Bourne director Paul Greengrass' previous Supremacy and Ultimatum.
"Jason Bourne" has everything going for it except a reason why. As noted, this is not strictly necessary.
If you're desperate to feel like it's 2007, fine, but otherwise this movie is waste of everyone's time.
Jason Bourne is the best action thriller of the year so far, with a half-dozen terrific chase sequences and fight scenes. At one point the action swings to Vegas, and while some of what transpires is almost cartoonishly over-the-top, it's great fun.
Jason Bourne is a fast and furious summer entertainment flick. Don't bother questioning anything you see on the screen. Just hang on for the ride.
By the spectacular final chase scene, Jason Bourne goes into a sensory overload of loud noises, retina-torturing imagery and an incessantly wound-up score devoid of humanity, dimension or common sense.
Rather than revitalize the character for a fresh set of global crises, 'Jason Bourne' makes us want to send the spy back into the cold.
The action is characteristically stylish and breathtakingly fast.
Characters are fairly undeveloped, and the duplicity of one key player is left unexplored. And if there is a delineating point that separates too much mayhem from just enough, Jason Bourne perhaps crosses that line.
... We might not need Jason Bourne, but I'm certainly not going to complain that he's back.
One would think that after more than a century of cinematic car chases we would have seen it all, but Greengrass and company have a few tricks up their sleeves.
Its narrative hopscotch loses the tight personal focus that made its antihero so compelling, and saps the cinematic urgency that made the earlier movies so robust.
It's not the best "Bourne," but it's a step in the right direction.
This latest episode doesn't break much new ground in continuing Bourne's story, but it's a solid, reasonably exciting entry in the familiar saga.
Damon is terrific as the impressively skilled yet poignantly haunted Bourne. Jones is malevolence personified as Dewey. And Vikander lends a steely confidence to Lee.
So-so Bourne beats most of what else is out there.
This stale, redundant story goes round in the same tight circles, revealing one piddling new secret and containing one unconvincing change of character.
All this plays out at a breakneck pace that is paradoxically unengaging, despite the nonstop action.
If a summer picture can be both vaguely disappointing in relation to its franchise predecessors yet worth seeing in relation to its multiplex neighbors, "Jason Bourne" is that picture.
Surveillance. A motorcycle chase with surveillance. A foot chase with surveillance. Rinse and repeat until the climactic car chase...and all we've really learned is one more reason Jason Bourne has to rage against the C.I.A.
Damon is still compulsively watchable as Bourne, still haunted even if he's found some of the answers he's been looking for.
Narratively ripped and genuinely hair-raising, this two-hour chase thriller raises the emotional stakes while proving technically spellbinding.
Both Matt Damon and Jason Bourne deserved better than this.
It looks like Summer 2016 is saving the best for last.
Jason Bourne finally knows who he is. But Jason Bourne doesn't know how to process that information.
Like watching three NBA All-Stars, whom you know haven't lost a step, return to the court and perform nothing but three-man weave drills. Worse yet, it actively undoes everything about Bourne that elevated him above an amnesiac, ass-beating cipher.
The film is like Jason Bourne fan fiction in how much it completely reworks things we've seen before, only with a few more years of cyberterrorism buzzwords to give viewers the illusion of not just depth but a plot.
It's the opposite of exciting. It's the visual equivalent of white noise, and if you're not careful, you might fall asleep.
Damon, his eternal boyishness finally settling into the inevitability of middle age, brings the personal touch this movie needs. Its action is generic, but he's always special.
Rather than push this character or story forward, the film cravenly hits the reset button, doing more of the same with much less passion and skill.
Though "Jason Bourne" is well-acted, sporting a terrific cast, it's just another in a long line of supposed "thrillers" that just don't possess that certain excitement any more.
Despite its weaknesses, I can recommend "Jason Bourne" as a decent summer diversion. But this fourth entry in the franchise should be the final one.
The production lacks dramatic experimentation, going through the motions with a distinct rinse, lather, repeat approach.
Suspenseful, thrilling and packed with action, this is a welcome return for the Bourne series.
As an action hero, Bourne is as effective as ever. As a character, though, he probably should have been allowed to stay off the grid.
Bringing the Bourne band back together with director Paul Greengrass, Matt Damon and some great session players in Tommy Lee Jones, Alicia Vikander and Vincent Cassel is great; but it feels like déjà vu
JASON BOURNE will likely please fans of the series, even if the Bourne adventures are beginning to wear thin.
When was the last time I was surprisingly engrossed by so much incessant, full throttle action?
The movie gets lost in its focus on flash and speed, and forgets about the man - and the fine, quiet actor - at its center.
Jason Bourne may underwhelm those lusting for another Ultimatum or Supremacy. They'll probably wish for more of those movies' neck-snapping, action-movie insanity.
The bones of the story are strong. Greengrass should have had the confidence in Damon, Jones and Vikander to allow them to tell it the old-fashioned way, by keeping the movement in front of the camera, not on the camera itself.
The thrill isn't entirely gone. It's just a little more subdued.
I'm always happy to see Gregg Henry show up in a film, but his appearance doesn't negate what a missed opportunity this feels like in the end.
Until its final act, "Jason Bourne" is just another Jason Bourne movie. Producers seemingly couldn't even think up another title.
Jason Bourne is a swift actioner that never lets up for a second. Whatever political statements it attempts to make is negligible under the action onslaught. Matt Damon hasn't forgotten how to beat bad guys to a pulp.
A by-the-numbers action film that's not nearly as strong as its Damon-led predecessors.
It boasts some nice cast additions (Alicia Vikander, Tommy Lee Jones, Vincent Cassel), but everything else about this emotionally vacant installment feels recycled.
Terrified to do anything different (which, believe it or not, would be entirely possible)...it only takes a moment of awareness to step outside the movie and see how poorly written, insultingly recycled, and anti-creative Jason Bourne is.
...as a continuation of a truly superior action franchise, Jason Bourne is a rock-solid success...
Simultaneously pretentious, mind-numbingly tedious, and dizzyingly incoherent from scene to scene, Jason Bourne is the definition of diminishing returns.
The film revels in its violence, merrily mowing down people so as to capture the coolest car chase possible.
The much ballyhooed return of Greengrass and Damon has surprisingly warranted a disappointing sequel, an unnecessary chapter that feels written at gunpoint, and the story's curiously transparent about this
A big bucks blur that is almost "Bourne" to be bad.
With each sequel, [Bourne] discovers new culprits and crinkles to the conspiracy of his recruitment. If they keep making these things, they'll eventually tie him to Watergate.
To revitalize the franchise, they should knock Bourne upside the head and disappear his memory again. The true fun of 'Bourne' is seeing it all coming back to him, while doing cool stuff.
Gripping from the outset, the most powerful thing about this tense action thriller is that it is intensely personal with a great sense of high stakes and risks
Fast paced, engaging, inventive, intelligent and thrilling, Jason Bourne reminds us what a talented director Paul Greengrass is - and what a great script writer, too
Visceral echoes of real life accidentally make the over-the-top action feel more prescient than anyone could have intended.
Greengrass' confounding close-ups and handheld-camera fetish makes action scenes incoherent. You won't believe how much of this movie is literally out of focus.
Damon and Greengrass ably right the ship, delivering a Bourne film that looks and feels like the kind that we've always loved.
That finale is a bit too Fast and Furious, while the Las Vegas location doesn't lend itself to being a Ludlum locale. Still, by that stage more than enough has been done to justify another sequel.
Matt Damon's hero still packs a punch. Shame he's up against the same foes.
It's entertaining enough, but it's another round of BOURNE Mad Libs...
Absolutely stonking action like you haven't seen in years.
Jason Bourne packs a punch, but it's softened by dizzying camera work and an expected story that loses what made the franchise so thrilling from the start.
It tries to bring back the good old days but comes off like the guy who still wants to shotgun Buds (or Americas) at 50 while blasting W.A.S.P.
This is the first one that just wears its tropes on its sleeve -- making it feel uninspired and artificial (two adjectives that particularly sting when you consider that this is the character's big screen return after a nine year hiatus).
Paul Greengrass and Matt Damon go through the motions expertly in this enjoyable but also stubbornly familiar sequel.
Leagues ahead of Legacy but the weakest of the Matt Damon movies, Bourne still has the power to thrill.
Crisply businesslike, straight-down-the-line, it's the Bourne we know, and the Bourne the box office wants.
Jason Bourne is a perfectly fine movie. (Especially this summer.) But it's hard to get past the fact there's no real reason for this movie to exist.
Damon and Greengrass return to give the espionage genre another energising smack round the chops. A bold and eerily topical masterpiece of stuntcraft and bruising action.
There's a greatest-hits quality to the movie, only the band is tired and its heart isn't in it.
Everything looks great on paper here: Damon's brawny presence; the smartly staged action, etc. And it's not unfun. But it feels less black ops than old hat.
Technically and logistically, Greengrass delivers everything you expect from him; there's no one better when it comes to staging complex, chaotic action amid the real life of big cities.
The Snowden/social media plotline of this film does a bit to make Bourne more relevant. But the ingredients are basically the same.
Jason Bourne has already given us a hero who transcends two dimensions. We just need to know more about what he's fighting for.
Its few thrills and interesting developments won't make this episode memorable.
If this is the best "Bourne" this team can deliver after nine years away - maybe it'd just be better next time if they forgot the whole thing.
Just as the initial Damon-driven trilogy wrapped up Bourne's business but left us wanting more, this sequel offers closure even as it entices us with the possibility of his return.
Accelerating forward with supercharged determination, "Jason Bourne," the fifth installment of the spy action thriller series, might be a muscular and visceral chapter in the 'Bourne' saga, but it's also a familiar collision.
Allows the alert audience to keep fingernails imbedded in the story's fleeing hem as it speeds crazily from collision to conflagration.
Even when little of substance seems to be happening, the narrative feels propulsive.
You know the drill, and that's the problem: it's entirely generic, even if it's a genre that the Bourne series revolutionised.
The action scenes just about justify the existence of this fourth instalment.
This fourth entry after a nine-year break for Damon and Greengrass should represent, for those ready and able to separate popcorn mayhem from the grim realities of world headlines, a bruising and exhilarating ride.
The new story completely undermines the tortured hero premise by letting Bourne off the hook.
Jason Bourne is like SPECTRE without any of the good parts. And if you're saying to yourself, "SPECTRE has good parts?" then let me assure you, compared to Jason Bourne it does.
As a standalone scene it's brilliantly staged and one hell of a spectacle, yet it's also unmistakably more Hollywood than anything that's come before.

@highlight

Jason Bourne delivers fans of the franchise more of what they've come to expect -- which is this sequel's biggest selling point as well as its greatest flaw.