The acting is fine, and while the plot is somewhat stale and very slow in taking shape, it is never boring. Those who like opulent movies in dress and scenery will love this movie. Regrettably, they will also soon forget it after they leave.
Visually delicious, dripping in both diamonds and details, The Young Victoria is a fresh approach to both its subject and its genre.
Emily Blunt joins the ranks of great screen monarchs.
Talky and stately, but it has a degree of humanization making it far more enjoyable and relatable than others of its kind.
The Young Victoria is an attractive film. While many period pieces overwhelm with flashy production design in order to get attention, the stellar art direction found here is luscious yet never vulgarly so.
Ostvarenje koje istinsko zadovoljstvo mo%u017Ee pru%u017Eiti jedino publici koja se sastoji od najzagri%u017Eenijih rojalista
Quite a bit dry, even for a historical drama.
Blunt's performance, restrained and fiery, holds together the personal and the political threads of this handsomely mounted drama.
Consistently engaging, with an appealing sense of relevance for today's audiences.
A veddy proper film that wouldn't presume to misbehave with an ounce of unnecessary melodrama and abandon. We are amused and entertained but not terribly so.
Es el típico producto de calidad que se aprecia más que nada por sus valores de producción (y aquí son realmente excepcionales) y por un elenco, en este caso británico, donde se luce especialmente la estupenda Emily Blunt.
Rich in personal drama, political intrigue and royal pageantry but also satisfyingly compact.
This Victoria is not particularly Victorian, but then she is young; and everyone wants a piece of her, politically speaking. Emily Blunt is lovely and strong-minded as the Young Vic.
The life of a princess isn't necessarily a fairy tale.
This is Blunt's chance to follow in the footsteps of Gwenyth Paltrow, Anne Hathaway and Keira Knightley in becoming a leading lady in a period piece.
A passable depiction of what looks to be a rather unspectacular slice of history.
...worth seeing for Emily Blunt's radiant performance as Victoria and for the eye-popping recreations of life and ritual at the English court.
Plush, plodding stroll through the dowager queen's early years
A full package period romance, from the performances to the costumes to the lush setting and the rich score.
If Molly Ringwold had taken a shot at 'respectability' in a Merchant Ivory Oscar-bait film, this might have been the perfect screenplay.
This may be the perfect shared entertainment for daughters just growing out of their princess phase and mothers with their own challenges balancing love and work.
"The Young Victoria" is a sumptuous character study that takes its time charting the transformation of a young girl born to rule into a queen ready to rule.
The production design ensures that every frame is a feast for the eyes, but what elevates the film is Hagen Bogdanski's sometimes expressionistic cinematography, which never calls attention to itself or obscures the detail of the sets and locations.
Blunt is always compelling as the feisty, good-hearted Victoria.
Two movies in the inimitable PBSMasterpiece Theater style. John Keats falls in love, gets TB and dies.A movie in the inimitable PBS Masterpiece Theater style. Queen Victoria marries Prince Albert and resolve to help lift up the British workers while surro
Production is nicely detailed, from lensing to costume, makeup and set design and make the history lesson one that you will not mind learning.
Nothing much new will be learned, but the journey along the way is beautiful to behold.
Whether in her chemise or her coronation robes, Blunt exudes a vitality that will not be suppressed. She is wonderful as Victoria and alone reason enough to see the film.
Another in the endless stream of movies about the British monarchy, but a cut above the average in terms of story and acting.
This is a film that lives and breathes, one that latches onto the viewer like a soothingly enchanting breeze on a hot summer day.
The Young Victoria turns out to be as interested in charting the sexual and societal awakening of a royal naif as in examining the historical events that shaped her destiny.
The way this story is told is just basically by people reading letters in voiceover while you look at beautiful furniture.
I wonder: Was the director of The Young Victoria wearing a corset right alongside Emily Blunt? This is one tightly constricted period drama.
The Young Victoria is a very well-made if not especially memorable picture, moving with all the grace and steadfastness of a waltz Victoria and Albert share, but absent any urgency or anything particularly exclamatory.
Emily Blunt finally gets a chance to blossom into the star representative of her talent in this highly entertaining film.
Masterpiece Theater on a larger budget.
It's a muddled but plush experience overall, and if you're a royalist completist or a historical romantic, you'll probably have a decent time. As much as Blunt may have wanted the role, though, I'm not sure it suits her.
Blunt looks the part, and as always, she's good.
As portrayed by Blunt, she's smart and confident, but also somewhat naive; it's an impressive performance in a surely daunting role.
The main focus is on Victoria's romance with Prince Albert (Rupert Friend), which takes two full acts to get going and has very little heat once it does.
An intimate, small-scale story of a young woman's struggle to be independent of her scheming relations and to find equality in a very unequal marriage.
Emily Blunt is remarkable, her sleepy eyes (true to photographs of Queen Victoria) compensated by a vibrant physicality and the sense that something's going on behind her gaze, a rare and valuable quality in actors.
Three centuries before Avatar, in a faraway world called Coffee Table Film, there dwelt a beautiful princess who became a powerful ruler, The Young Victoria.
If I can find any quibble with this richly rewarding film, it's that it's about Queen Victoria and Prince Albert -- a subject that in itself isn't that inherently exciting.
You don't have to be a royalist to be moved by beautifully staged coronation and wedding moments, and composer Ilan Eshkeri scores such scenes with music so thrilling you'll feel you've got a front-row seat to the real thing.
Could certainly be a whole lot worse, and this is something I clung to as no uncertain comfort during the film's 104 minute running time that feels a good deal longer.
This Victoria is layered and real, and in turn elevates the film from just another yawn-inducing costume drama.
I didn't quite believe that this tiny girl could become the most powerful woman in the history of the world, but at the time perhaps no one believed it.
No wonder filmmakers have favored Elizabeth I: on her side, a reign of beheadings, burning heretics, and armadas as against, here, a scandal about retaining the wrong ladies-in-waiting.
This is a beautiful film. The cinematography is lush, the pomp and circumstance majestic, and oh --- those costumes are divine!
It has everything you could want in a period piece --- drama, humor, costuming and a wonderful soundtrack.
Emily Blunt is utterly charming in this dramatization of the young Victoria's ascension to the throne and her courtship with Prince Albert.
What emerges is a genuinely affecting love story, although it takes patience to negotiate the early intrigue.
A biography that is quite enjoyable to watch, and a bit too easy to forget.
Emily Blunt's performance succeeds because she makes the ultimate icon relatable.
Victoria's Secrets: Octomom plus one party animal who wears the pants, or rather crown in the family, and later for Charles Dickens.
Watching the slow, cautious courtship between Victoria and Albert is so pleasurable, so surprisingly not-boring, that it doesn't matter how much of the ending we already know.
Perhaps because of the directing or perhaps because of stilted manners of the late Georgian and early Victorian era the film never again catches fire as it does in the early scenes.
'The Young Victoria' is at heart a love story -- and, for me, it hits all the right notes on that score.
Beautifully costumed, intelligent performers peering out from the film's glossy surface keep you involved.
The Young Victoria is slow and pretty and nobody has quite enough to do. Luckily, there's plenty to look at in the way of costumes and furniture and crown jewels and palace tchotchkes.
A lovingly-detailed, lavishly-recreated British period production with all the right cast giving all the right performances.
Exquisitely produced but dramatically erratic.
Queen's biopic is more tender romance than historical saga.
If The Young Victoria never transcends its fussy trappings -- it's still a familiar costume drama -- it remains brisk and intelligent.
Blunt and Friend strike a few flinty sparks, and Julian Fellowes's script has its share of dry-as-dust witticisms. Most of the time, though, it's a stiff pageant.
Frivolously entertaining.
The Young Victoria is good, old-fashioned period drama _ not terribly lively, not terribly insightful, but rich in pageantry and fine moments of drama, the whole show hinging on a beguiling performance from Blunt.
The damp of England lends this whole film a certain sogginess. Indeed, in the whole of The Young Victoria, there's barely a crackle or crunch to be had.
Blunt is appealingly inexperienced but shrewd in the title role and once Rupert Friend becomes firmly entrenched in the action the film seems to find itself.
A film with many admirable individual parts that form a surprisingly forgettable whole.
If you ever saw The Devil Wears Prada, you know Blunt can be the most dynamic, scene stealing, vivacious actress on the screen. What happened?!?!?!
Frothy, spirited and fairly inconsequential. I like that about it.
The film couldn't be more square or old-fashioned if it tried
The Young Victoria may impart copious amounts of detail about its fascinating protagonists, but it's not a mere tutorial: It's a heady, thoroughly transporting plunge.
If you like this sort of movie -- and actually, cards on the table, I like this kind of movie -- you will not be sorry you saw it. But you will not come away from the experience feeling that you've seen Victoria, young or otherwise.
Vallee takes care to make sure his movie stays intimate. The characters are involved in world-changing events, but the film feels personal because those events turn on the little decisions of human beings.
Fans of romantic movies will savor The Young Victoria ... with all its pomp and circumstance
The Young Victoria is a simple story sumptuously told.
Ultimately, it is this mature understanding of the couple's relationship, which goes beyond politics and romantic love, that makes The Young Victoria affecting.
Parental Content Review
Respectful without being at all stuffy.
An elegant costume drama about the early years of Victoria, the longest reigning Queen in English history.
Victoria's schooling in responsibility takes a back seat to the emergence of passionate womanhood, not cheapened by cinema's usual descent to sex steam.
It works as an old-fashioned wallow in nineteenth-century British royal romance and parliamentary infighting.
What filmmaker Jean-Marc Vallée has done in this delicious historical romance is capture that hot blush of pure emotion that comes before kisses, sex, heartbreak and the rest can dilute it.
Blunt, her eyes sparking, her manner playful, smart, and proud, shines in the title role. If the film itself isn't brilliant, its star most definitely is.
Love, respect, romance, partnership, teamwork -- Young Victoria gives you all that in one package, with a monarchy thrown in.
Director Jean-Marc Vallée bathes the frames in the details of its luxurious surroundings, and the screenplay, by Gosford Park writer Julian Fellowes, does a passable job of laying out all the factions jockeying for power around Blunt's Victoria.
Yes, it's history, but give it some context, some drama at least!
A solid piece of drama, giving fans of the genre a ripe core of hesitation to sink their teeth into, while also bringing actress Emily Blunt to the forefront with an impressive depiction of uncertainty and immaturity.
Pretty, classy, and really all quite boring.
The Young Victoria feels like a wasted opportunity and is among the least impressive in a long line of motion pictures about British royalty.
Vallée and his lead get high marks for kittenish revisionism. In all other respects, however, this movie is indistinguishable from every other throne-and-scepter biopic to hit the screen.
This is a lavish and lovingly detailed period piece that attempts to re-create England's last golden age, but the enchanting Ms. Blunt is the whole movie, and it wouldn't register even a small bleep on the Richter scale without her.
Man, British heritage cinema can be dull when assembly-lined for the export market.
The failure of the film is not so much a lack of historical accuracy or detail as a dearth of historical liveliness.
Blunt strikes me as the real deal: languid but biting, like Jeanne Moreau, yet able to command a scene while somehow appearing to shift to one side (as Moreau would never do) and observe with a skeptic's smile.
Although it's somewhat lacking in tumultuous, bodice-ripping intrigue, it's an elegant, entertaining, genteel biopic.
Director Jean-Marc Vallée's images have a creamy stateliness, but this is no gilded   princess fantasy -- it's the story of a budding ruler who learns to control her surroundings, and Blunt makes that journey at once authentic and relevant.
Mostly harmless.
If the viewer favors such BBC type royalty genre films, they will more than likely bow down in appreciation to this appealing one.
As old Queen V. herself supposedly said: We are not amused.
The production is full of such electrifying moments, ensuring that there will be no cobwebs in this history exercise.
"Young Victoria" is a well crafted period romance made personal by Emily Blunt's disarming performance.
Emily Blunt gives a commanding performance in this technically impresive but dramatically bland biopic of the young Queen Victoria, a feature that's pleasant to watch but too old fashioned to really engage.
The film looks great and Blunt gives a wonderfully confident performance, but the end result lacks real insights into what made Victoria the great and enduring queen she became.
The film sags in its third act as it succumbs to all-out adoration for Victoria, but the ever-impressive Blunt carries it admirably with an affecting portrayal.
It's actually a quite lovely film; gorgeous locations, fabulous costumes, and truly excellent performances. Emily Blunt is totally believable as the young Queen, she's establishing herself as a fine young screen actress.
Blunt's sprightly read of the title character is just so irresistibly endearing that it feels churlish to pick apart the thin material she is working with.
Strong performances, production qualities and courtly intrigue ensure that audiences will wish this romantic drama went for just that little bit longer.
Blunt is magnificent here, surrounded by a sumptuous ensemble who give life, passion and warmth to this fast paced and engaging tale, suitably worth of its royal lineage and glorious in every way.
Pomp and circumstance are plentiful though not overdone as we worm our way into Victoria's court (and world) at the start of her reign. There is perhaps less clarity in the writing than desirable, but the production is spectacular
History is used as a backdrop to the main event, being the relationships of Emily Blunt's Victoria. Blunt is lovely, delivering just the right mix of feisty, vulnerable and stubborn to engage us in her conflicted, manipulated world
[It] seems rather quaint, resulting in a movie that is well-meaning, and certainly well-mounted, but somewhat devoid of real excitement.
A pretty, likeable romantic drama with initial political interest, this ends so abruptly it feels like the first part of a mini-series.
Caught between real quality and heritage for export, the film falls between two disparate stools.
Young Victoria creates a world of rich detail inhabited by a woman clashing against social constraints and expectations. It's pure escapism and unashamedly romantic.
It swirls with passion and intrigue, with Blunt's sovereign feisty in state matters and charmingly flirtatious with Prince Albert.
Like Cate Blanchett's Elizabeth, it's a solid, workmanlike effort that shifts the emphasis away from the haughty stereotype and casts Victoria in a new light.
The Young Victoria feels like a breath of fresh air. It is a charming costume drama that peeks behind the pomp and pageantry to capture the human side of Britain's longest-reigning sovereign.
Rose-tinted it may be, but this portrait of Britain's longest-serving monarch never drags. Blunt and Friend secure your sympathy as the mutually adoring V&A, while Vallée sleekly braids the personal with the parliamentary.
An elegant, entertaining, informative picture with a gallery of vivid supporting turns, this provisionally crowns the winning Blunt as a Brit-pic star - but it skimps a bit on the bodice-ripping, blood and thunder.
Dignified and charismatic, Blunt gives great lip-wobble, and Friend pulls off the role of sidekick, but historical twiddling can't render Victoria's love life interesting.
It's decorative, but suffers from a stultifying lack of drama.
I spent an hour and three-quarters waiting for this movie to start.
Friend, as Albert, is this film's secret weapon - ardent, subtly proud, a little shy, and a man with an intellectual philosophy he intends to preserve. The film glows as it gets to know him, and your resistance, like Victoria's, melts away.
Young Victoria is like a breath of fresh air for the genre.
A pleasant but plodding biopic of our longest-serving sovereign, mainly to be recommended for those with a limitless appetite for stately homes, lavish costumes and Mills & Boon romance.
This charming costume drama might lack the bodice-ripping rowdiness of other recent historical romances, but it is classy and clever.
Yet another queasy entry into the ever-growing Queensploitation genre.
Emily Blunt's Vic is as feisty as Alistair Darling and the story doesn't give her enough to get excited about.
The history is by Mills & Boon, the visuals are wall-to-wall frou-frou. Add the banality-packed dialogue ("Even a palace can be a prison") and some substandard mise-en-scène, and we feel like crying, "Call back Merchant Ivory!"
All the period trappings -decor, duds, dances - are immaculate, though presented in the manner of a set-text reconstruction rather than a living, breathing drama.
The mahvlussly witty script by Julian Fellowes (Gosford Park) deftly twirls petticoats with politics, yet can't disguise the fundamental lack of drama.
The Young Victoria is thus about as sexy as a cold fish and as imaginative as a kipper.
Hugely enjoyable biopic with a great script, impressive production design and delightful performances from Emily Blunt, Rupert Friend and a strong supporting cast.
Full of intriguing details about Queen Victoria's early reign, although it only lightly examines the political intrigue and romantic melodrama
Quality period drama doesn't come any finer than this, so let The Young Victoria reign supreme.
The biggest problem, though, is that while there's no denying it looks good, the whole thing is just so exasperatingly bland. Period films don't have to be this way.
What the film lacks is a sense of its awful era - if only Dickens could have had a hand in the script.
Well-groomed, upscale, three-hankie entertainment for the Masterpiece Theater crowd.









@highlight

Emily Blunt shines as Victoria in this romantic but plodding royal portrait.