Polanski deftly increases the tension incrementally like the gradual tightening of a boa constrictor around its prey.
Venus In Fur is a saucy bit of chicanery, but so deft and entertaining, we're happy to be seduced.
The ideological messages may continue to shift beneath our feet long after we leave the theater but the solidity of the impact of Venus in Fur will be what sticks.
It's tempting to conclude that the entire thing is a rather distasteful joke at the audience's (and the actors') expense.
[Venus in Fur] is the sexiest movie I've seen in a long time.
Perhaps he is more drawn to Mr. Ives's quasi-feminist rationalization of sexual fetish than Sacher-Masoch's explanation of it as mastery over repressed feelings, and somehow sees parallels between the play and his own sexual felony.
Polanski makes an intriguing battle of the sexes out of a filmed play
Desire makes buffoons of us all. Now strike dear mistress, and cure his heart.
It's an actor's pic, and they both come through with grand performances.
In both style and substance, "Venus in Fur" feels tossed off, a finger exercise to get Polanski warmed up for another project.
"Revels in deception."
Polanski seems to revel in defeating the limitations imposed by this stagey project, which may be among the most personal of his career -- a movie that laughs at pain and sex and the absurdity of life even as it acknowledges life's terror and wonder.
While the extraordinarily talented Polish-born director rarely falters in translating the source's theatrical strengths, his Venus in Fur feels oddly impersonal, lacking the trademark touch of Polanski perversity.
The shifting power dynamics -- between the characters and the roles they are playing -- are enthralling.
As the pair comport themselves between the play's text and their differing interpretation, Polanski ruthlessly makes unsentimental play of their fevered, increasingly furious attraction. Carnage ensues.
A grand seduction staged in an intimate space.
Roman Polanski proves his dexterity once again with this dark, mystifying, and anything but simple two-character, single-location film.
It's witty, perceptive, penetrating, beautifully made, ties in with other Polanski works and feels like one of the filmmaker's most personal films.
A mature film but not an elderly one
Every good movie offers its own pleasures. Roman Polanski's adaptation of David Ives' play offers us a unique set of them: the moments an actor transitions ... The script ... is good, but what you're really watching is the acting.
What plays out is roller-coaster ride of shifting identity and sexual brinkmanship...Mischievous and sadistic by turns, it becomes a deadly serious battle of the sexes.
Fun, sexy, playful, and edgy, it also features two wonderful performances from Emmanuelle Seigner and Mathieu Amalric.
"Venus in Fur" is about the mysterious games men and women play, and Seigner and Amalric are up to it.
Has Roman Polanski lost his movie mojo?
Mathieu Amalric is perfect as the director's alter ego as a director, but Emmanuelle Seigner's Vanda is truly superb.
Like "Carnage," "The Pianist," "Rosemary's Baby" and more, Roman Polanski's latest is a creepy exploration of claustrophobia and perversity that should not be missed.
Venus In Fur is essentially a weightless skit, a parody of those hoary old archetypes of Man and Woman. But it's also a tribute to Seigner, who seizes the gift of a role that allows her to be sexy, funny and imposing.
"Venus in Fur," the disturbing and provocative Roman Polanski film of David Ives' Broadway play, portrays a power struggle between the object of obsession and the eye of the beholder.
"Venus in Fur" is a stellar achievement.
A playful-yet-serious rumination on sexual gamesmanship presented through a form of theatrical artifice that Polanski embraces while giving it cinematic polish.
Music by six-time Oscar nominee Alexandre Desplat should inspire the senses, too, if somehow the moves of Seigner (the real-life Mrs. Polanski) don't do enough for you.
Venus in Fur isn't quite as demented as Polanski's earlier comedies, but it's an invigorating walk through the maze of fantasy-in a realm where 50 Shades of Gray is wreaking havoc, it has relevance, and brains.
S&M dance or feminist tract? Late career breather ... or Polanski answering his harshest critics? A cagey two-hander with tour-de-force turn by the sexy Seigner.
The two-hander plays like a crackling fire
A funny, sensual experience that speaks uncomfortable truths about what constitutes and dictates male-female relationships.
It's the concept that's a bit chewed-over.
Wickedly smart and wickedly playful, Roman Polanski's adaptation of David Ives' Tony-nominated Venus in Fur works on so many levels, it's almost dizzying.
Rarely do you see a film with just two characters, but Amalric and Seigner have so much control over themselves that they keep you entranced throughout the entire 96 minutes.
Never underestimate Roman Polanski.
The haunted-house lighting is a perfect match for the claustrophobic intimacy of this two-hander - and camouflage, perhaps, for the fact that "Venus in Fur" remains more play than film.
There are books about gender, power and identity politics, but as captivating as this story.
Whether you like it or not, Roman Polanski is a great artist, and even the minor films of his fugitive decades glimmer with the claustrophobia and sardonic bleakness of his greatest work.
One thing that makes the dialogue-heavy movie so compelling (and also something that Polanski does so well) is an undercurrent of dread.
Maybe you see where all this is going. But even if you do, getting there is still good, queasy fun.
Pay attention to the camera, and you will see that Polanski is a clinician. He is in the thrall of no one.
The couple's movie-long pas de deux, during which time a reversal of roles takes place and the inner Thomas is exposed to the world (us), is staged with delicious irony and ingenuity by Mr. Polanski
fleet, funny and ferocious
[The] rare filmed theater piece that leaves you smiling, thinking, and maybe a bit hot and bothered, to boot.
The film has a creepy allure but, as movies featuring full-bore sexual gamesmanship often do, it wears thin.
"Venus in Fur," a whip-smart dissection of gender politics via some teasing S&M, is arch. So arch in fact that it is surprising it's a Roman Polanski film.
Ever the alchemist, Roman Polanski continues his quest for the process whereby theatre is transmuted and reforged into film.
A tale of destruction and creation bolstered by two intense and noteworthy performances.
Seigner's and Amalric's ability to move seamlessly between play and film dialogue reflects not just acting ability but years of experience as working performers.
Seigner's décolletage is a constant detraction because her breasts upstage both actors, even though some may argue that they are the best part of the film.
It's a shrewd game of cat and mouse, showcasing Polanski's ability to work his actors and to pace the drama with a minimum of frills. It doesn't get more bare-bones than this, and yet there is never a dull moment.
Roman Polanski delivers a soupçon of entertaining insouciance.
Is imagination more real than actuality?
Venus in Fur never forgets to be playful and fluid, always moving, shifting gears, and surprising.
If you're looking for a vivacious and magnetic performance, you can't do much better than Emmanuelle Seigner for this year so far. That's likely your main and only reason to catch it.
Roman Polanski's been making films about psycho-sexual mind games for decades, and when his opening shot poses his stage director next to a very phallic cactus, you know he's at it again.
Polanski's film is wonderfully light on its feet - it never feels hemmed in, though it also never leaves the space in which it begins - but it lands its punches.
If you didn't see the play onstage and don't know what you're missing, this Venus in Fur has its demonic, masochistic charms.
You'd be hard pressed to imagine a more seemingly perfect match of director and material than Roman Polanski and "Venus in Fur." Too bad it isn't a wickeder, subtler, more imaginative movie.
Polanski's direction of his performers is assured. His camerawork is precise. And the power games - moving, shifting, constantly surprising and inescapably, queasily conflating art and artist - hold us in their thrall.
What is surprising is how little Polanski juices the material with his usual devilish touch.
One of the delights of Mr. Ives's play, and of Mr. Polanski's nimble rendering of it, is the way it jumps in and out of the play within.
Venus in Fur is a rather amusing delight, but its pleasures rarely transcend those of a surface-level, kinky pas de deux between two superb performers.
While [Emmanuelle Seigner has] never been this commanding, she's always had a cool intelligence, even in the delightfully disreputable 'Bitter Moon.'
An exercise in moviegoing pain.
Polanski's direction of Venus In Fur is masterful-a pleasure in and of itself-but Seigner is the star attraction here, giving one of the best performances of her distinguished career.
Roman Polanski. Sadomasochism. What could possibly go wrong?
The director navigates an enclosed space with cinematic flair, his dynamic camerawork assuring that the talky proceedings never feel especially "stagy."
Thankfully, there's real depth of feeling and playful perversion shared between Seigner and Amalric, who give already unusual material a wicked spin.
It's tricky, tasty and tense...Seigner holds her own - and then some - opposite the subtly expressive Mathieu Amalric.
Polanski orchestrates this cat-and-mouse game with devilish delight, dancing around Ives's play as if it were a pagan bonfire, jabbing at it with his figurative pitchfork.
Polanski revisits his kinky past with this stage adaptation that cuts close to the bone.
[VIDEO ESSAY] Here is an energizing spoonful of soup-to-nuts fetishism, with teasing desert courses strewn throughout.
This pungent comedy set in combat's erogenous zone is Polanski at the top of his game.
Brave and clever, it's an enjoyable piece of arthouse expertise.
A devastatingly funny, exhausting picture that could potentially confound, but just about frantic and witty enough to hopefully prompt one universal reaction: "Christ, that was bloody enjoyable."
Polanski has given Seigner a gift of a part: she's brazen, energetic and extremely funny in an ultimately scary way.
Like Emil Jannings in thrall to Marlene Dietrich in The Blue Angel, Amalric's director is a figure of comedy and pity -- and seems to relish his own sexual humiliation at the hands of this unlikely Venus.
This is Polanski's second theatre adaptation in a row after Carnage, and at the age of 80 he shows no signs of slowing down. It's easily his most enjoyable film for some time.
Expert writing, directing and acting help this offbeat drama discover some powerful new themes in a novella that has been scandalising Western society since it was first published in 1870.
It is hard to avoid the suspicion that Polanski is treading water before starting work on a "proper film".
A playful Polanski serves up a rich and provocative discourse on sexual politics and gender bias with this pithy and extremely witty two-hander bolstered by the exceptional leads.
A fascinating study of power games, sexual manipulation and textual interpretation, driven by dazzling performances from Emmanuelle Seigner and Mathieu Amalric.
Heavily reliant on the skills of his two actors to keep us engaged. Fortunately, the two actors are both on top form.
While Polanski the filmmaker might flirt with submissiveness, you can always sense him lurking behind the camera, safe-word at the ready. Cut!
Roman Polanski playfully deconstructs sexual power relationships in this ribald, talky two-hander.
Too rarified to break out the arthouse circuit and missing the star wattage of Carnage or The Ghost, this is nonetheless essential viewing for Polanski fans.
If the film never quite escapes its theatrical provenance and setting, it's still a bracingly bumpy ride.
A little overwhelmed by its own self-indulgence and contrivance, which ultimately seeks in damaging your enjoyment of the overall piece.
Polanski's unavoidably stagy adaptation of David Ives' celebrated Broadway play is an enjoyably witty two-hander, confined to its theatre setting, yet with much to say about gender roles in the world beyond.
It's theatrical but increasingly fascinating as an arrogant director (Mathieu Amalric) auditions an actress (Emmanuelle Seigner) for a stage version of the titular novel about sexual submission.
By expertly embellishing the theatrical, Polanski has made Venus in Fur thrillingly cinematic.
Polanski's Venus in Fur is neither profound nor erotic (at least not for this viewer) but it is wonderfully witty and a generous gift from the director to his two stars.
A film that joyously revels in blurred lines, Venus in Furs sees Polanski return to his bold and fiercely original best.
Polanski's film feels curiously uninspired in discussing much more than the very base text.
After years of respectable filmmaking, it's refreshing to witness a reinvigorated Roman Polanski willing to once again delve deep into seedy psychodrama.
"Venus in Fur" finds Roman Polanski transferring a New York stage hit to the screen with maximum fidelity and facility, and a minimum of fuss.
Wearing the Euro-art badge on its sleeve, this will please serious film fans -- and theatre enthusiasts even more so.
Roman Polanski is in playfully perverse form with this nimble pas de deux adapted from David Ives' stage hit.
Polanski knows the jig is up: this is a beautifully framed mounting of a play, filmed elegantly with simply composed shots.
Sexual desire, jet-black comedy, kinky mischievousness, an air of tense claustrophobia: It's all there in Venus in Fur, and even if the movie isn't particularly deep, it's a constant playful delight.
Hugely entertaining.
A tasty light hors d'oeuvre rather than a full meal.
...beneath a brittle veneer of verbal dash and cleverness this stagebound adaptation has little insight to give us into anything except the sexual hubris of an aging man, and frankly, we're not sure we give a damn.
As always with Polanski, the narrative's eccentricities are cloaked in an expert veneer of classicism.

@highlight

Provocative, funny, and brilliantly acted, Venus in Fur finds Roman Polanski in top late-period form.