While inconsistencies may make Rush a better legend, that's precisely what we signed up for: a mythic representation of men, told by some of Hollywood's finest fibbers.
As it is, Rush merely takes the audience on a thrilling but forgettable high-speed ride.
I never thought I would care about the 1976 Formula One championship or magnesium "parts" or wet-weather tyres, but for 120 minutes, Hemsworth's extraordinary manboobs changed all that.
While it has its moments of sentimentality, the film as a whole is rather shallow and fails to capture the soul of either man.
This thrilling drama is no more for petrol-heads only than Titanic is solely of interest to historic ship enthusiasts.
Nearly as narratively compelling as it is viscerally thrilling, "Rush" is Howard's most efficient film since "Apollo 13."
Thuddingly obvious and proud of it, Rush is a slick, breakneck entertainment.
"Rush" does for Racing what "Rocky" did for Boxing.
Howard's good sense on Rush is to repeat his Frost/Nixon success by surrounding himself with superior writing and acting talent
Rush is pure 'print the myth' stuff -- but since both its heroes really are myths, it gets away with it, with more grace and vigor than you might expect.
One of the best looking and sounding films of the year on top of being one of the most exciting.
Hemsworth and Bruhl quickly develop a rapport, and even though they don't share much screen time together their relationship as Lauda and Hunt is convincing, funny, cool, and often emotional, and the same goes for the rest of Howard's [movie].
This is still an exciting story about competition, but without that stirring moment of humanity that helps sports movies win over the audience, Rush comes up a lap short.
It's a duel of dualism, with audiences leaning into the corners to decide whether to ally themselves with Hunt's hedonism or Lauda's hard-headedness. Howard's triumph is that the choice is never an easy one.
Morgan's talent for dramatizing recent history remains unimpaired, the race scenes are harrowingly exciting, and Howard gets fine performances from all, especially Brühl in a showcase breakout role.
An entertaining movie with two solid performances that only occasionally stalls because of its sometimes heavy-handed treatment of Hunt and Lauda's differences.
Considering the subject matter, Rush delivers the expected visceral jolts; what's surprising is how endearing it is, even when its two protagonists are behaving like little more than boys with very fast toys.
Ron Howard understands how to frame intense action sequences, but frequently lacks the emotional leverage to avoid cliché.
...a satisfying biopic that gets the job done efficiently and without much fanfare
Howard and Morgan call the movie Rush, and that's pretty much what it delivers, to no greater purpose than one of those five-hour energy shots you can buy at a deli counter, but certainly with no less of a kick.
Even if you don't know your Formula One from Baby Formula, director Ron Howard has fashioned a powerful drama that will thrill even novices to the sport.
Contains plenty of hairpin curves, but its most welcome twist is the way it reverses expectations in its presentations of the rival drivers, Hunt and Lauda.
The thriller tells us all we need to know about the real-life champion Formula 1 rivals in the early 1970s.
Howard opts for excitement over subltety in his Formula One movie. Why not?
As well as brandishing his usual mastery for pacing gutsy dramas, [director Ron] Howard's command over his division of digital artists results in some great sequences once the action moves to the track.
Really snappy entertainment, and the great art of making slick entertainment for adult audiences has been too long forgotten.
Rush will find your inner petrol head as you're faced with the reality that there's a knife's edge between death and glory.
With fine performances, extraordinary evocations of key races, a sweaty '70s feel and a celebratory aspect as we fondly remember two diehard nutters, this isn't called Rush for nothing.
Hemsworth and Brühl make Hunt and Lauda into memorable figures, and it is telling that, by the end, I genuinely wanted them to like each other, but still appreciated the fact that they maintained their air of mutual animosity.
A fine tale about two men intrinsically linked by opposition who agitated each other into the history books
Good racing movie but with Ron Howard directing I expected more.
Rush has set the bar remarkably high for any filmmaker who dares to attempt a movie about formula one in the future.
The best biopics make the viewer understand why the subject is important to them, even if it's not. They find a universality in the topic that sucks you in. Rush never does that.
Without a doubt, one of the most overrated films of 2013.
Ron Howard and Peter Morgan are a pair to draw to - and 'Rush' deserves to draw an audience.
... An incisive character study cloaked in a thrilling, adrenaline-fueled sports picture.
In most films about car racing, the story seems to be neglected, an afterthought. Not so in this excellent drama about the rivalry between two great race car drivers.
Ron Howard, working with Danny Boyle's favored cinematographer Anthony Dod Mantle, has made perhaps his most visually arresting work in three decades behind the camera.
Rush provides an exciting sporting spectacle but more importantly, it makes a few thought-provoking observations about the value of a great rivalry.
The dramatic events of the 1976 Formula One Championship are played out as superficial rivalry between James Hunt and Niki Lauda.
Ron Howard adds another winner to his resume with this hip, cool-running crowd pleaser that's also a terrifically made movie all-around.
An overrated racing picture that literally goes nowhere fast.
Works reasonably well in its Hollywoodized way.
Lacks an emotional punch, but the racing scenes are exceptionally well-filmed.
With Rush, Howard has not only made one of his best films but has also proven that the combination of car racing and movie need not be a lemon.
Rush is Howard's most exciting, compelling, and utterly entertaining film in years, and feels like a movie made by a much, much younger filmmaker.
Morgan knows his stuff behind the wheel, but also is smart enough to realize the more compelling drama comes off the track.
The script is another Peter Morgan special. Like, say, The Queen and Frost/Nixon, it's a speculative duet built around a moment of newsworthiness.
One of the best films this year - or any year. Certainly the finest film about auto racing I've seen because it focuses on the human element.
A compelling, high-octane thriller, literally and figuratively!
If you don't already know the story of that season, lucky you; even now, it exerts a ridiculous thrill.
Rush is an outsize Hollywood spectacle about two outsize personalities in conflict, a sleekly assembled thrill machine that makes up in excitement for what it lacks in nuance.
[It's] about auto racing... but it's much more interesting in showing how two men compete with each other without losing their souls in the process.
There is an essential decency to all Howard's movies, and Rush is no different.
A movie that reminds us what a great storytelling medium film can be.
One of the best films of the year
A thrilling, adrenalin-fuelled ride that recreates 1970s track-side action with aplomb.
Howard's most accomplished film to date.
Car culture fits quite nicely in the Ron Howard catalog, and Rush allows the filmmaker to get back to that milieu.
This is Howard's most assured film; it brims with life - and death - and he executes it with a degree of precision and confidence that mirrors the approach his characters take toward living, that of being constantly on the edge.
Howard pulls off a dramatic switcheroo in "Rush." He presents characters in competition, one a golden god, the other a repellent Ratso - and by the end, we root for Ratso.
But rather than being about the cars and the game, Rush is more about the personalities that dominated Formula One racing in the 1970s.
Rush is not a particularly deep film. But more importantly, it is not a film that mistakes itself for deep. And this self-knowledge makes Rush, in some ways, a wiser film than many that aspire to loftier goals.
The British Hunt is Maverick to the Austrian Lauda's Iceman, the Michael to his Sonny, the id to Lauda's superego.
Even though the truth is not as black and white, writer Peter Morgan and director Ron Howard set up the Lauda/Hunt rivalry as the classic battle between opposites who hate each other.
The racing scenes are dizzying. Quick-take point-of-view shots alternate from various spots inside the car and on the track, while engines roar away. The stakes for each race are clearly set out, and the result is thrilling.
Solid performances from Brühl and Hemsworth ground this exciting sports story with a likable mix of charisma, reverence, and speed.
Howard and his cinematographer Anthony Dod Mantle do a marvelous job of showcasing this fast and furious sport.
If you're not a fan of Formula One or any other form of auto tracing --- as I am not --- it doesn't matter. Howard's movie is tense, thrilling and funny, and extremely well acted.
Ron Howard has brought this story to life with unbridled energy, transforming each race into an adrenaline-charged vignette that could serve as a master class in staging and editing action scenes.
What makes "Rush" stand out is its emphasis on character rather than racing. By focusing on the men rather than the machines Howard shows us the high cost of achieving championship status.
Typically slick, both overstated and undernourished when it comes to the drama. All the same, Rush makes for a pretty good fall night at the movies: fast and furious, but not too stupid.
Rush stands proudly as another remarkable showpiece of the 59-year-old filmmaker's underrated talent in crafting everyman art.
Rush may be the best movie about car racing ever made.
Stripped-down characters and skeletal dramaturgy limit this movie about the real-life Formula 1 racing rivalry of James Hunt and Niki Lauda, but harrowing track scenes and an affecting second half provide some vivid compensation.
This is a deeply adult drama, not least because Howard shows the costs of being so driven in a sport in which a driver is encased in a potential fireball.
You don't have to be a Formula One fan to recognize that Rush captures the urgency of the race and the intimacy of a great rivalry with incredible craftsmanship -- all you need to do is buy a ticket.
Rush may begin as a two-man race, but Brühl's Lauda wins by a landslide.
A worthy successor to 'Grand Prix' and 'Le Mans.'
No need to rush right out and see this one. Barely made fresh in my book. Other than the last half-hour, this one has zip for tension, action or interest.
No doubt the racing is the high-octane fuel that powers the story, but it's the dueling personalities on opposite sides of a shared death wish that puts "Rush" on the pole for the upcoming Oscar race.
RUSH has some well crafted racing sequences, but the two lead characters are a pair of the biggest jerk faces! Good direction doesn't mean anything when you couldn't care less about its unlikable, egotistical characters.
One thing's for sure with this film: You carry the "Rush" out of the theater.
Rush has an elemental simplicity about it. Two men in competition, driven (so to speak) to win. They are enemies. But they need each other, too, and as they roll around at 170 m.p.h., they come to understand why.
If you really hate sex, fast driving, drinking and Norse gods smoothing chassis than you will absolutely despise Rush.
A solid film, but one that remains more interesting than intense.
"Rush" is the kind of Hollywood studio production that has sadly become all too rare - a smart, exciting, R-rated entertainment for grown-ups that quickens your pulse and puts on a great show.
... one of Howard's best. Maybe it was going back to the era of his directing debut, 1976's Eat My Dust, and revisiting its subject matter (fast cars) that kicked Howard's aesthetic drive into gear.
Chris Hemsworth and Daniel Bruhl are perfectly cast as Hunt and Lauda.
There is a certain romance to men risking death for fame and glory, but try as it might this movie can't manage to dive beneath this superficial level.
If you give 'Rush' the opportunity to take you for a spin, I think you'll be glad to go along for the ride. (Full Content Review for Parents also available)
It's nice to see a film for the guys that doesn't feature anorexic chicks in leather hoisting huge guns or fighting robots destroying metropolises. Good on you, Ron Howard.
Rush will reel you in with its heart pounding racing sequences, but the film will win you over with its compassion. Absolutely exhilarating, amusing, and passionate to the very end, Rush is a film that has no right to be as good as it is.
Why is it we rarely see male dingleberries? Rush feels more like a advertisement for F1 Racing than a movie with characters I cared about.
Both of these characters are poorly defined, notable only for their extremes.
It won't matter if you've never cared about racing before. Just sit back and enjoy Howard's latest exhilarating effort based on the real life story of one of the most competitive rivalries in sports history.
Easily [Ron] Howard's most visually impressive film, Rush is a turbo-charged action drama that's highly entertaining.
Rush teeters on the edge of being a really good film, but despite some fantastic source material, it never fully seizes the opportunity.
(Howards) latest film is yet another jewel in the crowns of one of the finest filmmakers of the past quarter century
'Rush' ranks among the best movies about auto racing ever made, featuring two great performances from the leads.
Rarely, if ever, genuinely thrilling no matter how fast the race cars zoom around the tracks, and the interpersonal scenes are just as pedestrian.
Rush is far more than a sports story - to the point that it is absolutely unnecessary to have any familiarity with the sport at all to be enthralled and entertained by its drama.
This is no mere thrill ride by two real-life rival speedsters, although it is certainly that. The film also provides a sobering look at what it takes to be a true champion.
The on-track action is blistering, the filmmaking sure-footed (even as cars fishtail into catastrophic crashes), the characters bigger than life.
As racing films go, Ron Howard has crafted a winner. When you consider the other entries in that particular cinematic category, however, that's not saying much.
There is plenty of racing footage, which helps, but too much of the time, "Rush" relies on TV announcers to supply context.
Howard proves that directing action is one of his underrated strengths. The racing scenes are dynamic and easy to follow, with a sheen that brings the 1970s into sharp relief.
Like the Jackie Robinson biopic 42, Rush addresses a story so compelling, so essential to its sport's history yet inspiring beyond that it is amazing modern Hollywood hasn't told it before.
Rush is at its heart the ultimate guy flick, about two vastly different guys whose hatred for one another was only surpassed by their desire to be the best.
"Rush" fulfills the need for speed, and then some.
A collection of strategic choices that has the emotional impact of shopping for tires.
It's a winner.
These men and their intertwining tales are so compelling that even viewers completely unfamiliar with the sport will get caught up in this slick and stirring drama.
Even those who know how it all transpires will be on the edge of their seats as the track battle mounts to a heart-pounding climax.
Its two stars -- Chris "Thor" Hemsworth and Daniel Bruhl -- elevate this quick-start feature with clearly drawn characterizations possessing such conflicting contrasts that they act as dramatic additive fueling this story.
This is entertaining enough, but ultimately it's spuriously triumphant Oscar-baiting fluff.
It's not just about cars, though -- it's about how we interact with people different from ourselves, what we learn from them, and how those experiences can enrich our lives. As a result, Rush is worth the trip.
Howard gives an epic, swinging story an appropriately epic, swinging treatment. You will likely race home afterward.
Hemsworth and Brühl are outstanding. Their story is what drives the movie, two men different in every way except for their unyielding desire to win.
"Rush," while never dull, rarely feels dramatically alive; it hits its marks dutifully and darts onward.
With an undeniably effective immediacy, "Rush" is a solid, but rather cold, biopic about two equally detached personalities.
Delivers the adrenaline rush the title promises, but thankfully it does more than that, providing an engrossing--and ultimately stirring--human story as well.
Mostly a lot of noise and nonsense, a garish enterprise that almost - though not quite - trivializes the tale.
A smartly assembled film fueled as much by surprising moments of heart and humor as it is by high-octane, pedal-to-the-metal sports action.
Their attempts to defeat each other behind the wheel are often suspenseful, but the depiction of their off-track lives is mostly generic.
Ron Howard Scores
In a way, "Rush" is a philosophical drama about the varying ways men move through the world. It's just a really fast drama.
Howard chose the wrong race car driver. Thanks to Hemsworth's natural, easy-going charisma, it is an almost sexy movie with flashes of the lead character's flaws.
The action is like a pure shot of adrenaline, but there is also blood and oil and smoke when disaster strikes...
Unpredictability, originality, ingenuity, and a little bit of personality elevates the great from the good. ... Without those elements, Rush feels more like a Walk. It's conventional. It's safe. It's the Ron Howard of movies.
You spend at least half the movie on the edge of your seat, and not just because you're rooting for someone to win or lose.
Rush not only effectively presents a balanced view of the rivalry between two race car drivers but manages the difficult task of taking Formula One racing, an inherently non-cinematic sport, and translating it to the screen.
[Ron Howard] displays an enthusiasm and love for the subject that hasn't been part of his filmmaking style for a long, long time.
Perfectly titled
It's a nervy movie, supported by two exceptional performances from Hemsworth and Bruhl, who show a commitment to character dignity and the unsteady steps of blossoming respect, making only spare use of overpowering cliche.
Rush distinguishes itself by utilizing precision rather than power: namely, by focusing on its characters rather than the cars they race.
Ron Howard's by-the-seat-of-your-pants aesthetic makes the slower, darker sequences feel hurried and bland, especially when stacked up next to the racing sequences.
Exactly as middlebrow and mainstream as most of Howard's oeuvre..Chatter about it as an Oscar contender is simply laughable.
Howard and writer Peter Morgan squeeze sufficient dramatic tension out of the opponents' wildly different temperaments, while acknowledging their shared sense of purpose and conviction.
There's a distinct possibility that you don't know or care a lick about Formula 1 racing. After this sexy thrill ride, you will
Despite the corny shots of the recreation of the start of the Nürburgring race, this not overwhelmed by the racing scenes. It is mainly a character study of the two men who are competing with each other, and it is fascinating.
Like Frost/Nixon, Rush demonstrates how two rivals can unite in a symbiotic relationship that becomes a perverse pleasure for a viewer to behold.
Armed with a solid script and two great actors, Howard's chief contribution is keeping the movie clipping along.
Rush isn't bad, exactly, but it's like a standard-issue male action programmer that somehow crept in from an earlier era.
A start-to-finish winner by director Ron Howard about two race car drivers who start out as enemies and after many years find themselves in a place that neither of them could ever have imagined.
Howard chooses a few moments to let the film breathe, but for the most part - aside from a clunky first-person narration that book-ends the film - he propels Rush from scene to scene with a momentum that never lets the thing drag.
It's nicely played by an eclectic cast and directed like a European drama rather than a big American epic.
It was immediately apparent that there was a slick formulaic surface clinging to this cinematic road trip. And for me, that was a turnoff.
A Grand Prix movie for people with no interest in auto racing or, for that matter, in cars at all.
Howard -- who began his directing career with the fast-car drive-in classic "Grand Theft Auto" -- has an aficionado's ear for revved engines and whooshing chassis.
Howard keeps his cameras small and all over the cars, to show us dazzling machinery in motion, the ground whizzing by in a blur underneath. Playing to his own strengths, though, he keeps this a movie about character.
A refreshingly positive approach to the sports genre, celebrating the best parts of competition and refusing to wallow in the worst.
Working from an atypically cornball script from top shelf screenwriter Peter Morgan, [Howard and Grazer] offer up a slick but rote sports drama that rarely rises to the fiery level of the real-life personalities it portrays.
Working from a very clever script by Peter Morgan ("The Queen"), Mr. Howard doesn't pick sides. He lets two distinctly abrasive characters rub up against his viewers, chafing them into gear.
In another movie, either of these men -- the arrogant hunk, the frozen robot -- might have been our villain. But screenwriter Peter Morgan ("Frost/Nixon") has a deeper insight.
I've seen Brühl in several German-language films, and I'm not surprised that he's perfect as the monomaniacal Lauda, but Hemsworth is the revelation here.
Despite its strengths, the telling of this counterintuitive tale about the mysterious ways cutthroat competition can enrich lives never manages to be completely convincing.
Fine filmmaking, a smart, visually engorged, frequently thrilling tale of boyish competition - inspired by a true story. At heart it's "Amadeus" on wheels, only this time Salieri is the Austrian.
Brilliantly captures the exhilaration that comes from facing death head-on. It's also an ode to joyous rivalry.
By the time the final lap of "Rush" starts, we're up for the ride.
As cars spin and shimmer in the rain at the climactic and astounding Grand Prix in Japan, we never lose sight of what's human and striving behind the wheel.
Mr. Howard doesn't just want you to crawl inside a Formula One racecar, he also wants you to crawl inside its driver's head.
Rush satisfies our lust for both grand character combat and deadly gearhead spectacle.
Rush's changing sympathies keep the outcome in doubt, and stage the final contest breathlessly, while sticking to the facts.
Do you have to love racing to love this movie? Absolutely not. Ron Howard and screenwriter Peter Morgan deliver a pulse pounding sports movie that thrills and illuminates.
Exciting, exhilarating and enthralling, even for those who are not into automobile racing.
No rooting interests, no inspirational speeches, no nonsense about the triumph of the human spirit: "Rush" plays against conventions and is all the more rewarding for it.
Yes, it's formulaic; but thrillingly so. Yes, it's more accessible than arty; but it's still a handcrafted film.
An extraordinary true story makes for a smart, adult, thrilling movie.
Rush's greatest strength is the rivalry that drew Howard to tell this story to begin with, and the gifted actors who bring it to life.
It's not only one of the better racing films, it's one of Howard's best.
These are classic frenemies; their tale deserves more gas in the tank.
...it is Brühl who gives the more complex and moving performance. His blonde-haired, good-looking enemy might be far more colorful and exciting, yet there is something about rooting for the underdog.
Anyone who can get to the theater on two legs, or four wheels, should see it on the big screen.
[VIDEO ESSAY] Ron Howard's fast-paced portrait of one of Formula One's fiercest rivalries is a hyper-compartmentalized affair.
Seabiscuit on wheels
An exhilarating surprise from a director who's been playing it safe for most of his career. Like his heroes, he takes a risk and wins.
A thoroughly magnificent film on every level, with astonishing performances by Chris Hemsworth and Daniel Brühl; one of the very best films of 2013.
The end result plays like a Fast & Furious film for BAFTA voters.
Bright, brash and unashamedly formulaic, this is thrillingly accessible fare ...
A hugely amusing, relentlessly cheeky squabble between Teutonic Roundheadness and roast-beef Cavalier.
Hunt, played with a cavalier swagger by Hemsworth, finds nobility in the danger. Brühl's Lauda takes a far more calculating approach. On the eve of a race, Hunt will be cavorting with models and air hostesses; Lauda will be huddled with his mechanics.
Rush is basically a foursquare sports film, enlivened by whiplash-inducing, crisply edited racing sequences but otherwise pretty ordinary.
There's no mistaking Thor star Chris Hemsworth as the dashing, boozing, vomiting, smoking, blond god of the track, James Hunt. If he ever becomes James Bond - as he should - he'll make Daniel Craig look like an over-developed hamster.
Howard shoots the race scenes brilliantly - they a little Tony Scott in terms of over-saturated colour and jump cuts, but it's an effective treatment ...
It dips into the style, excitement and vibrancy of the sport and recreates the 70s atmosphere with a real sense of the period outside the crash barriers.
The off-track melodrama is occasionally formulaic, but this is nevertheless a compelling portrait of two rivals at the height of intense competition - and easily the best fictional representation of motor sport cinema has ever seen.
The film is outrageously enjoyable.
The performances are outstanding. Hemsworth and Bruhl are perfectly cast and do awards-worthy work, especially Bruhl who has the more dramatic part.
For all of his Michael Mann-aping moves here, Howard can't commit to the theme, and lets the ending flounder under a kind of fist- pumping triumphalism that sits uneasily with what came before.
Exhilarating racing action punctuates this true story, which sharply traces the rivalry between two Formula One champs. It's superbly well-shot and edited, with engaging performances from the entire cast.
Magnificently entertaining drama that gets everything right ...
Hunt and Lauda's face-off is like the confrontation of wartime flying aces: there is low life expectancy, yet they are not competing for national honour but specious glamour and cash.
Rush hits a few potholes, but in the end it reveals the psyches of two men who only feel alive when they're cheating death.
Rush falls short of greatness due to a final layer of artifice lacquered over the screenplay: that's the Peter Morgan difference.
Peter Morgan's script, an object lesson in soberly effective economic writing, lends what could become two rigid stereotypes a pulsing emotional dynamic that Hemsworth and Bruhl flesh out to keenly dramatic effect.
Fast, slippery, stormy and dangerous.
An easily engaging film, Rush is well acted and adrenalised by characters you respect. Top gear, indeed.
It rarely deviates from formula, but Rush wins big, delivering the most exciting F1 footage created for film. Like Hunt, it is sexy, funny, full of thrills. Like Lauda, it is intelligent, a bit blunt, but ultimately touching.
Ron Howard's film about the 1976 Formula 1 season, isn't just an enthralling film, an exciting cinematic spectacle full of drama and adrenaline-fueled racing sequences. Quite simply, it's a film that manages to be, well, magical.
Extremely entertaining. Ron Howard's best movie in years.
Despite the numerous eye-rolls ... one can't deny [the races] are marvelously shot
An awe-inspiring story filled with nail-biting, fast-paced racing scenes ... right up there with some of Ron Howard's best films.
The rare sports movie that's compelling as both a drama and a spectacle.
It's excitingly assembled and moves like a bullet, highly engaging and nerve-wracking when it needs to be and light on its feet elsewhere.
Rush is one of the fastest, most enjoyable rides you will take this year.
Decisively earns the commendation of "sweaty palm movie of the year."
Rush is a fast-paced tour de force that will entertain audiences until Ron Howard waves his checkered flag, displaying a wonderfully memorable performance by Chris Hemsworth, and an even more remarkable turn by Daniel Brühl.
Once the film takes to the race track nothing matters except the roar of the engines and the bloody-minded determination of two very different but equally charismatic individuals.
The lead actors shine in an engaging look at the two fierce rivals who battled it out for the Formula One championship in 1976.
Not just one of the great racing movies of all time, but a virtuoso feat of filmmaking in its own right, elevated by two of the year's most compelling performances.
A thrilling film that is driven by energy, intelligence and conviction.
Rush breaks the mould; its racing scenes are thrilling, and the personal dynamics in the pits and away from the track genuinely intriguing.
Aided by two punchy lead turns, an Oscar-worthy script and stunning in-car footage, Howard's race film delivers top-gear drama. A piston- and heart-pumping triumph.
Sight, sound and story all fuse into an impressively cohesive whole that help the movie zoom past the finish line after shakier beginnings.
Exhilarating in parts and immensely moving in others, Rush will trigger a host of emotions from the viewer!

@highlight

A sleek, slick, well-oiled machine, Rush is a finely crafted sports drama with exhilarating race sequences and strong performances from Chris Hemsworth and Daniel Brühl.