It sounds like something that shouldn't exist, but it's utterly marvelous, with great comedy performances and grossout effects. The weirdest part? This is an emotionally moving film about a butt demon.
disgusting and grotesque, but also funny throughout, and amiable precisely because of its great affection for even the most odious of its characters, as befits a film so preoccupied with arseholes.
The idea of watching Ken Marino argue with a giant haemorrhoid monster that has just popped out of his butt seems like a crazy must-see moment. Unfortunately, it comes across as flat and uninspired.
While it's a black comedy, the humor is derived from situational issues rather than becoming a joke on itself.
This is the year's best movie about things that come out of your rear end, which is praise that's meant to be as faint as it sounds.
Bad Milo! is one bad ass movie-as opposed to a badass one.
Here is a movie that, much like its eponymous character, never quite figures out what it wants to be.
The concept runs out of gas well before the end despite the best efforts of Marino and an eclectic supporting cast.
Bad Milo probably wanted to be gleefully naughty, but instead it's just bad.
It's funny, it's gross, and it has a few serious things on its mind. Is it any wonder David Cronenberg is thanked in the end credits?
This is Marino's film all the way, and the comic vet of Wet Hot American Summer and Party Down effortlessly steps into the spotlight after decades in supporting roles.
Call it odious, call it repugnant, call it downright nasty - just don't call it dumb.
On paper, "Bad Milo!" sounds loosey-goosey-crazy-go-nuts. But in practice, it's understated, if only in relation to its bonkers premise.
What could have been a very funny short film about self-control and befriending your id instead becomes a rambling commentary on father-son dysfunction and the limits of proctology.
"Bad Milo!" is a cult classic in the making.
This movie is about a monster that crawls out of a man's butt and starts killing people.
Except for the premise of human anxiety creating organic instruments of wrath and revenge (should Cronenberg sue?), Bad Milo is just a pain from the posterior.
Should entertain a certain pocket of comedy fans, particularly those happy for the rare chance to see the excellent Marino play a nice guy.
It's not every day one encounters a story about a man and the goblin that uses his rectum as a home, making the little triumphs of the feature worthy of a look, but only for those in the mood for something odd and a little icky.
Fitfully amusing, as midnight movies about avenging anus dwellers go.
Like a lot of intentionally shoddy or derivative movies, Bad Milo! can't overcome what it's trying to be.
The key to this largely amusing and unapologetically silly gross-out romp is Duncan's continuing astonishment at the grotesque situation he finds himself in.
Bad Milo is tremendously silly, but it's the kind of thing you either go with, or you don't. It's not perfect, but I had a pleasant time with it.
Just when you thought you've seen everything, here's a jaw-droppingly absurd horror comedy.
Bad Milo! meets your expectations right where you left them.
Bad Milo! is sick -- but it's the right kind of sick.
If your tolerance for envelope-pushing crudeness and deadpan delirium allows it, this crass comedy might be just what the gastroenterologist ordered.
It's fair to say that a filmmaker is thinking outside of the box when he or she stages a scene in which an ambulatory hemorrhoid tears a guy's cock off with its teeth and swallows it.
Bad Milo! gets nasty laughs out of putting its overmatched hero through a gauntlet of comic humiliations, but it works just as well as a dark allegory about the way we handle our demons.
Bad Milo! makes the topic of an ass-dwelling stress monster into a weirdly touching, gleefully brutal, and always entertaining horror comedy about man's unexpected best friend.
But in the end, it's hopelessly clear that there's just not enough story to warrant an 85 minute movie...

@highlight

Bad Milo! sets some deliriously low expectations with its gross premise -- and then manages to match most of them in sick, entertaining style.