There are times when it's fun, but it's never as fun as it could've and should've been.
Perhaps the only straightforward thing about it is its linear narrative, which in the days of endless flashbacks and flashforwards feels almost revolutionary.
It's a "good" movie, but it's hard to walk away without feeling like something was off - the story, the king, take your pick.
All in all, an imaginative take on the old classic.
An eye for visuals is not the same thing as being capable of visually telling an interesting story.
Maleficent takes no time at all to charm you with its glossy good looks, but it takes a little longer to draw you in on an emotional level, but thanks to Angelina Jolie's ability to convincingly be both the villain and the hero, it gets there.
On the basis that most of us are happy staring right back at Ms Jolie, you get what you pay for, and with the added bonus of scenery that looks good enough to serve at a children's party.
Maleficent is genuinely entertaining, beautiful, and thought-provoking.
As Maleficent dawdles along, it not only veers from Disney's traditional values but also - alas, alack - from the studio's recent foray into girl power.
Jolie's charisma has always been even more powerful than her considerable cheekbones (and they are even more considerable here). She strides through the movie as if she owns, not only it, but the theater and the audience as well.
The final battle, where Maleficent takes on her ex and his army, is exciting and horrible, but the movie leading up to it feels like an underwritten outline: Good > Bad > Good? > Dragon.
Jolie is perfectly suited for the role, letting everyone know with her eyes when she's just funnin' and when she's actually angry.
[Disney] has learned plenty from Pixar's special move of subverting traditional perceptions of good and evil, mixing it with the love of a good origins story (à la Marvel) and with an added dash of wry humour that works for kids and grown ups alike.
A muddy experience, both visually and thematically, although Angelina Jolie vibrates with a radiant camp intensity that demands a better, more confident movie.
There are some Lord of the Rings-knockoff battle scenes between the evil humans and the good-hearted fairies-who live as one with nature, share everything, and need no government whatsoever ("Fairies of the World Unite!").
Its highs are modest, but it never shortchanges its audience on spectacle or thoughtfulness or loving but frustrated nostalgia for its source material.
An unintentional #YesAllWomen fable.
Maleficent became one of Disney's premiere baddies because she was so dark and menacing in the first place. This is far from a mere "humanizing" of the character, but a worthy adventure in its own right.
"Maleficent" is a fascinating spin on an old tale that gives us the unique opportunity to explore the story from a different point of view.
While little is properly explained - hence the excessive narration - the scene where Jolie clutches her chest while howling for her beautiful wings, is deeply moving.
This is how you update a classic tale!
For all its digital spectacle and redundant action-violence it understands the power of the fraught gesture, the soft word, the shadowed expressionistic closeup: Jolie is photographed as lovingly and spookily here as Simone Simon in "Cat People."
Jolie's devilish best is smothered by a ploddingly safe movie insisting on vague goodness and badness, utterly redeeming a villain, and children being the very cutest-shmoopiest creatures in the world, oh-aren't-they-just?
Tonally, the story never knows whether it wants to be a kids' movie, a comedy, an action-driven fantasy, or a remake rooted more in the "dark and gritty" tradition of the original fairy tales on which it is based.
That the film is arguably far too emotionally and psychologically bleak for its target audience would be excusable, even laudable, if it were better.
Disney's #1 villain...they've turned her into a glorified nanny and a prankster.
whenever the film threatens to sink into CGI oblivion or narrative clunkiness, Jolie is there to save the day with her screen-grabbing presence
There's several moments where the titular character sits around watching other people and waiting for things to happen. In order to re-invent it from her POV, there were bound to be a lot of things that don't make sense, such as believable motivations.
No Jolie can't carry this film, but there is plenty of blame to go around.
The material seems too dark and violent for the target demographic, who could have difficulty finding a rooting interest in characters that possess more degrees of villainy than heroism.
...remains surprisingly faithful to the original while recreating the title character... You only think you know the story (but this one - in many ways - is so much better).
As for the screenplay, by Linda Woolverton, it treads carefully, and all too kindly, in the footsteps of "Wicked" ...
Taking as its visual reference the classic Disney animated film about Sleeping Beauty, it is a much darker tale, and far less interesting, despite an arresting performance by Angelina Jolie.
Giant holes in the plot are papered over by Janet McTeer's earnest narration, improbabilities abound, and it all seems longer than it actually is
With Aurora's aunts being female versions of The Three Stooges and a welcomed twist that becomes bittersweet in less than five minutes, Maleficent is a failed attempt at reconstructing one of the most evil animated characters of all time.
Aside from being admirable as a rare girl-friendly film in a summer of boydom, if you're coming to see Maleficent it's to watch Angelina Jolie devour of the scenery in the role she was born for. The camp factor alone is worth the price of admission
Passes all the tests Bechdel could invent short of sending adult Aurora off in the arms of a lesbian wood nymph.
The goofiest filmed version of classic literature since THE SCARLET LETTER was "freely adapted" from Nathaniel Hawthorne in 1995
It's clear immediately that first-time filmmaker Robert Stromberg isn't looking to reinvent the genre here...
An Unnecessary take on an Old Tale.
This fairytale world is stunningly photographed by another Australian veteran Dean Semler, and the sets, costumes and design in general are of the first rank.
Angelina Jolie is magnificent playing the powerful, brooding, conflicted title character. Her familiar, Diaval (Sam Riley of 'Control') and the sweet princess (Elle Fanning) give strong supporting performances, too.
You gotta give a girl credit for this much: she does at least take us to some fascinating locales when supplied with a set of wings.
It's a spectacular thing, the sets and shots matching Jolie's remarkable face.
With nobody to play against except her own bad self, even Maleficent is more of a striking objet d'art than a character.
The whole package is an entertaining spin on a classic story. It does not always work but it is an extravaganza of a movie.
Imaginatively, it places all the known elements of the story in different contexts, completely recasting this familiar fairy tale into a more poignant and resonant work.
Is there anyone better suited to playing an enchantress? The best effect in the film is Jolie's face (augmented by master Rick Baker).
It's a story that takes a long time to set up and get going.
With only her voice and her sense of bearing, Jolie effortlessly makes the notoriously wicked fairy seem real. Hardly anyone else involved in Maleficent seems to have that magic.
A pretty decent, though unmistakably flawed fantasy.
Another of Disney's female-empowerment yarns, and a worthy one at that.
As a film it is pretty bad: narratively confused, chock full of ugly visual effects, and populated with actors like Sharlto Copley and Elle Fanning, who are given little to do but walk around amongst green screens, looking lost.
You can't blame Disney for wanting to put a new twist on a classic fairy tale, especially in an effort to show a new side to its most notoriously evil villain. Maleficent is just not a successful way of doing it.
How ironic--and disappointing--it is, then, that a film focused on one of the big bads for the ages is just about completely drained of menace or palpable danger.
But comparing Wicked and Maleficent points out the problem: Maleficent is really just an inversion of a fairy tale, not a deconstruction.
Darkly dazzling but, because of intense, sometimes terrifying imagery, it should be PG-13, not PG.
The best I can say about Maleficent is that it isn't as bad as I thought it would be, but that's faint praise indeed.
Jolie's star power can't stir up enough magic Disney pixie dust to keep this big fractured fairy tale from falling into its own cracks.
'Maleficent' is an admittedly great-looking, sometimes creepy.
In "Maleficent" a lush fairy-tale world is created and the result is truly magical.
Definitely the baddest fairy of them all.
A moderately enchanting, sometimes thought-provoking corrective to the flaws in the story that inspired it.
It's an icky affair: more Perry (Katy) than Perrault (Charles).
...still functions as a potent moral tale, this time with a particular awareness of patriarchal oppression.
With Angelina Jolie as a force of nature in this magnificent fantasy, Disney has another entertaining family friendly adventure on their hands.
If you can get Angelina Jolie to play one of the most beloved villains in Disney history, why would you make this movie, which is so joyless and which lacks any real sense of playfulness or fun?
The perfect marriage of actress and part.
The most impressive thing about this wonderful film involves its creative presentation. Practically every scene comes across like an intriguing work of art.
Any weaknesses melt in the wake of Jolie's excellent work as the title figure.
It's a technological marvel starring the world's biggest celebrity: the full weight of Hollywood spectacle incarnate.
Faltou apenas um diretor que conseguisse converter todos os bons elementos do filme em um novo clássico.
It's interesting that Angelina Jolie can undergo four hours of professional Hollywood special effects makeup and wind up looking just like Grace Jones.
"The awful thing about life is this: Everybody has their reasons." Maleficent has a very good reason. Sensational Jolie creates the character's evolving emotions purely with her face.
Like most evil villains in movies, "Maleficent" had all the tools to be very good...and it instead went down the wrong path.
Overall though, "Maleficent" just can't muster much magic with it's arresting new take on the classic villain. This isn't the scariest creature in movie history anymore, it's just a woman who should've known better than to trust a guy.
...in 2014 the Mistress of All Evil is just another victim.
In the space of just a few scenes, the movie rights itself from its rickety beginning. The timeless appeal of the classic Sleeping Beauty fairytale belatedly kicks in, and Maleficent steadily grows in stature from there.
It was really about the mistakes parents make and the guilt that plagues them forever after those mistakes.
Hey, kids! How would you like to see a new version of Disney's Sleeping Beauty that isn't animated and doesn't make any sense?
As fabulous as Maleficent is to look at--and it is fabulous--the film sacrifices story for design.
The best thing about Maleficent is the actress playing the titular character. Angelina Jolie is captivating, funny, grounded yet appropriately theatrical, and entirely appealing as the dark and misunderstood fairy.
The good news is, once Maleficent goes full evil Jolie really lets loose, sweeping through the film as a force of nature.
In its attempt to depict the 'real story' of Sleeping Beauty, this Django Unchained of Disney fairy tales never soars as high as its bad-girl-gone-good namesake.
Imagine a Star Wars remake with the Emperor hugging Luke instead of trying to fry him with force lightning and you get the idea.
As Maleficent's movie, the movie works. However, if Angelina Jolie is not there to carry the scene, it's a chore to watch.
As a cameo, Jolie's performance might have proven spectacular; but as a protagonist, she doesn't give us enough to hold onto. For all her efforts, she remains yet another special effect, however spectacular.
'Maleficent' is to 'Sleeping Beauty' as 'Wicked' is to 'The Wizard of Oz.'
When you've got a talented visual effects artist at the helm, iconic source material, an all-star cast and a hefty studio-sized budget to back it all up, there's just no excuse to deliver such a lazy film.
Visually beautiful but dark retelling of classic fairytale.
"Maleficent" is rather good, mostly because of Jolie. She does grab your attention. But, overall, the movie lacks the Disney charm that has carried its fantasies - live action and animated - into the hearts and minds of viewers.
Instead of replicating classic Disney magic, Maleficent feels more like one of the CGI-cluttered fairy tale retellings of recent years.
For all the pixie dust and dragon fire in Maleficent, the most special effect throughout is Angelina Jolie, radiating imperious authority over a disorderly movie.
As a live-action twist on the Disney animated classic Sleeping Beauty, Maleficent is a dark and engaging fable set in an imaginative and beautiful world. But none of that matters if not for Angelina Jolie in the title role.
A revisionist fairy tale with a wonderfully sharp feminist edge.
All would be forgiven if the film had more magical feeling.
At least Disney was smart enough to cast Jolie. She has a genuinely heroic presence. If only the movie were equal to it.
Whatever its flaws, "Maleficent" is a family-friendly Disney adventure that offers a relaunched and thoroughly delightful Angelina Jolie ...
It hardly matters that Jolie's accent rambles a bit between pungent Cockney and plummy Buckingham Palace.
Sleeping Beauty reloaded. Maleficent is darker than expected and an incredible visual experience.
The piercing blue eyes and pouting red lips of the stunning Angelina Jolie make a perfect "Maleficent."
Among the lesser of the Sleeping Beauty story's many incarnations, but at least it's an ambitious failure.
There's nothing much here for those outside the PG Disney Princess-aimed target market to sink their horns into.
Jolie, appearing in her first live-action film since 2010, must be and is the movie's strongest asset.
As she did with Alice in Wonderland, screenwriter Linda Woolverton uses simplistic plotting and clumsy dialogue to turn a children's story into an eerily dark Lord of the Rings-style effects extravaganza.
Warmed-over Frozen.
Skeptics will discount this new version of Maleficent, but with Jolie's bravura performance and Fanning as precious as ever, it's not hard to swallow this fairy tale.
Jolie displays an incredible propensity for being beautiful and menacing at the same time.
It's transformed from a fairy tale into every movie you've ever seen about a curmudgeon who learns to open his/her heart and love an adorable child.
Jolie's commitment to the part is admirable: She gives this Maleficent a real emotional urgency. But the rest of the movie lets her down.
It's all about Angelina Jolie, in a performance of silky restraint.
It's a lot of effort for very little payoff, something its sinister protagonist is far too awesome to allow.
Maleficent is a twisted version of Sleeping Beauty that is much too serious.
It simply feels like a studio offering cursed to make you fall asleep. (Full Content Review for Parents also Available)
It has its storytelling flaws, but if nothing else, Maleficent is an undeniable work of visual beauty.
Long live the feminist revisionist backstory.
There's no denying this project's peculiar, landscape-changing power.
Disney's solid fantasy earns extra points thanks to both a sinister turn from Angelina Jolie and an understanding that fairytales are meant to be scary.
Just about the least interesting take on Sleeping Beauty imaginable. A live action pantomime, robbed of the ultimate pantomime villain.
In the blood-red lipstick and midnight-black gown and cowl of her Sleeping Beauty antecedent, Jolie's Maleficent is magnificent.
Children of all ages should be dazzled.
Blockbuster effects can't mask bland storytelling.
Visually luscious...a full-blooded gothic fantasy fuelled by dark themes about motherhood, betrayal and redemption. Maleficent should also hold particular appeal for the date-movie demographic in that it's essentially an elongated revenge fantasy.
Almost certainly wouldn't have been made were it not for Angelina Jolie, whose extraordinarily striking presence recalls the Old Hollywood potency of Garbo. If only the film around Jolie were worthy of her.
...the film rides on the strength of Angelina Jolie's performance and she is, in a word, magnificent.
Angelina Jolie's interpretation of the title character, which transforms the animated icon into a complex, fully realized woman, provides emotional depth and breadth.
Maleficent doesn't reinvent any wheels when it comes to the fairy-tale genre -- but the fairy tale already comes with pretty hardy wheels, and this sweet, child-friendly adaptation creaks along on them quite nicely.
It's probably not proof that retelling a classic story through the villain's eyes is unworkable, but it does prove you need more than just a good concept to get across the finish line.
This is Jolie's film because of the Maleficent she makes. Everyone else, even Aurora, fades in her presence.
It lacks the irony of "Shrek" and "Wicked." And that's a good thing.
The film is never quite as scary as might have been anticipated. At least, there are plenty of incidental pleasures along the way.
It becomes abundantly clear that Disney never thought beyond the "let's make a Maleficent movie" stage because they fail to give the character a clear motivatio
Disney's desire to drain as much profit out of their properties as possible arrives in the form of Maleficent, and boy does the struggle show.
The real enchantment here is not the story but the star.
A spectacular, eye-popping reworking of the Sleeping Beauty fairytale from the viewpoint of the villain.
Falling into the same trap as "Oz the Great and Powerful," Woolverton's revisionist take uses the spurned love of a supernatural female as the catalyst for an evil makeover and makes a muddle of the original Sleeping Beauty tale in the process.
It's a beautiful-looking film full of dubious narrative choices and no surprises for anyone familiar with the elements of contemporary fantasy filmmaking.
Whatever point the movie is making ... is lost in a narrative that is over-reliant on establishing.
For all its ambitions and striking visuals, Maleficent is a dreamlike miasma of bad ideas.
Jolie is bigger than the rest of the movie, while many other characters are barely developed at all.
While this is Jolie's show, obviously - and she's terrifically arch - the surprising dearth of other compelling characters doesn't offer much distraction when things get off track.
[Maleficent] has one very good idea at its core, but a lack of narrative drive and the soulless, state-of-the-art look of the whole thing keeps director Robert Stromberg's debut feature from ever blossoming into something genuinely interesting.
[It lacks] the sort of nightmarish visions that made Walt Disney's early animation features so powerful. This looks impressive, though, making use of highly imaginative, state-of-the-art 3-D effects while still evoking old-school Disney animation
For all its limitations, "Maleficent" manages to be improbably entertaining to watch, due solely to its title character.
I'm still not sure if the movie's smack-down between patriarchy and matriarchy is the way to go, but at least nobody here is warbling about what she wants before hitting the road to self-actualization.
Jolie's commanding on-screen presence exudes the sort of effortless dominance and wrath-spitting fury required from a fairy scorned.
Sadly, Jolie spends far too little of the film in villain mode, which is where things really feel juicy.
Jolie comes to this party ready to bite, but the movie muzzles her. Even at 97 minutes, Maleficent is still one long, laborious slog.
A movie that doesn't quite work as a fantasy or as a subversion of the same.
Like Sleeping Beauty lying in her coma, "Maleficent" is mesmerizing to behold, and hard to fully embrace.
Except for Angelina Jolie, exemplary as the fairy badmother who laid a narcotic curse on an infant princess, this pricey live-action drama is a dismaying botch.
If only the script had been as good as Jolie's performance and the beautiful visuals from Stromberg, this would have been a summer sleeper beauty.
Oh, what could have been. While Disney seems to understand that girl power can mean big box office (see Frozen), they still seem unable to fashion female characters that boast true complexity, agency and independence.
In a story that explains too much about something that didn't require explanation, [Jolie], at least, maintains a welcome air of mystery.
Destined to be a merchandising powerhouse, Maleficent is also an unexpectedly serious attempt to rethink a durable fairytale. Credit Angelina Jolie for adding glamour and intensity to a project that often threatens to derail
... welcome to Walt Disney's 'I Spit On Your Grave.'
Doesn't retain scale, coming off more animated than its inspiration. Despite a phantasmagoria of colors and creatures, this is not a feature that inspires awe, only impatience.
Makes no freakin' sense. None. Anyone who pays even mild attention to the story should be saying, "Huh?" and "Yikes" and "That doesn't work at all."
Scary, campy and eventually quite moving, Maleficent is a frankly thrilling feminist fairy tale and completely engaging throughout.
"Maleficent" misses the mark.
Suffocatingly elaborate yet insufficiently bewitching.
It's fine to tell old tales anew, and it's fine to mold them to some new purpose - say, a narrative of maternal repentance. But it's not fine to do it so artlessly.
Admittedly, Jolie helps pull you there with an engaging performance, as does Elle Fanning as the sidelined Sleeping Beauty. But none of it is enough to redeem Maleficent's final variation on the source material.
Jolie is fantastic, menacing at one moment and adding prankster-ish levity in the next, and Elle Fanning is fine as Aurora. The film has its share of logistical problems but, hey -- it's a fairy tale, right?
There is certainly another side of the Sleeping Beauty story to be told, but it looks as though the idea of Disney villains as the next franchise opportunity overtook all efforts to make a solid, stand-alone film.
We may have all wanted to know the story behind those famed horns, but the mystery was far preferable to having Maleficent defanged and declawed in the process.
[Stromberg] is more about visuals than storytelling, and that lack of cohesion costs Maleficent where it counts.
Maleficent constantly has to fight against her own bitterness and disappointment. Watching Jolie, one of America's most adroit actresses, we see this turmoil expressed in the twist of a lip or the softening of a glance.
It's often arresting to look at, but never has a strong sense of where it wants to go.
It's intelligent and well-made but I do wish it were more fun.
Fleshing out one of Disney's quintessential villains is an intriguing idea. But, while "Maleficent" teases at the premise's potential, it never quite sustains the magic.
There's really only one special effect in "Maleficent" worth mentioning, and that is Angelina Jolie.
it's worthwhile for how it acknowledges that characters - even those tagged with having, as 'The Simpsons' once put it, 'the evil gene' - can shift from one extreme to the next.
There's an abundance of visual magic, but not much of any other sort in Disney's revisionist take on the 'Sleeping Beauty' villainess.
The formula works.
Maleficent is an uncharacteristically shallow Disney release, conjuring an inconsequential story and flat, meaningless characters - despite Angelina Jolie's best efforts.
Jolie's performance so overshadows the rest of the cast (and the rest of the movie) that you sometimes feel as if the other characters are, like us, just standing around watching her.
A film of resonant gestures and dream logic, in which ancient and contemporary predicaments jostle against each other ...
Maleficent is awful. Can you be arrested for making simpering fantasy-whimsies in the name of Disney?
'Maleficent' takes the venom out of its fierce titular figure, and rewrites her story to make her pathetic.
Disney's uneven rethink of its classic villainess.
Angelina Jolie is so wickedly enchanting in the magical, magnificent "Maleficent," you may not notice how transporting this female-driven blockbuster really is.
The direction by Robert Stromberg is an immediate mess. A long-time special-effects whiz making his filmmaking debut, he crowds every scene with gimmickry; the opening CGI landscapes are so overdone they look like bad cartoons.
In a word, Maleficent is magical, with Angelina Jolie hypnotic as the betrayed fairy from whose perspective this re-imagining of the Sleeping Beauty is told.
Maleficent is probably the only rape-and-revenge movie you will ever be able to watch with your kids, and that alone really does make it worth watching. In a good way.
In building a fresh mythology, director Robert Stromberg has made a fairytale not only of darkness, but of hope, and not only of good vs. evil, but of the goodness that even those seen as evil are capable of possessing.
Impressive. Violent. And no fun.
In a movie crammed with special effects, Jolie is the most startling and wondrous of all.
Jolie draws upon that deep emotional well to portray the agony, heartbreak and anger, that transforms this pure young fairy with the horns and mighty wings into a violated, vengeful villain clad in a leather outfit that's as black as her heart.
Maleficent feels classical in nature. The characters are boiled down to their essentials, the humor is timelessly broad, and Jolie's at her best when she's curling her claws and elongating her vowels like a black-sabbath Tallulah Bankhead.
There's an ultrasappy, unnecessary and modern spin on the classic happily ever after. You know, because so many people have complained for centuries that the end needed a do-over.
If this tiresome yarn is the 'true' story of one of Disney's most popular villains then, please, give us colourful lies and happy ignorance.
A demonized witch is a feminist icon? Hardly. It hinges on a man, as though the sheer power of being rejected by one dude is enough to make any girl nuts.
It fails to live up to its early promise, mostly because of an uneven tone and murky character development.
Jolie nails it, but she deserves better than this CGI sinkhole.
The story speedily soars towards an impressive finale and is sure to enchant a legion of youngsters ready to move on from the original Sleeping Beauty.
"Maleficent" gives us a magical world that labors over the magic and doesn't justify its reinventions.
Robert Stromberg's visually stunning if narratively predictable debut feature.
Not only brings to life one of the world's most famous fairy tales but puts a new spin on it that almost improves upon the original.
A few bumpy patches notwithstanding, the new feature is an exquisitely designed, emotionally absorbing work of dark enchantment.
Disney thought it would be a good idea to spend well over a hundred million dollars making a movie that shows the backstory of Sleeping Beauty to be a rape/revenge tale. It was, predictably, not a good idea.
Part action film, part fairy tale, part feminist parable, it will interesting to see if this strange mash-up will find an audience. It's perhaps a bit dark for the Frozen crowd but I suspect older girls will be utterly enchanted.
I'd forgotten what a fierce screen presence Jolie is: she is becoming the Sophia Loren of our age. Now I want to see her in a grownup film.
Screenwriter Linda Woolverton gives both cast and audience something satisfying to chew on in re-vamping a traditionally misogynist fairytale that perpetuates fear of female puberty, sexual awakening and jealousy.
A thoroughly entertaining fantasy romp.
In the end, "Maleficent" is fun for its appealing visuals - especially in the forest - and for watching Jolie. But that's not enough to make the whole film interesting.
Uncertain of tone, and bearing visible scarring from what one imagines were multiple rewrites, the film fails to probe the psychology of its subject or set up a satisfying alternate history, but it sure is nice to look at for 97 minutes.
Please leave your desire for a well-rounded story in the lockers provided, and keep your arms and legs inside the ride while it is in motion.
This bold approach commands rapt attention and allows an older audience deeper investment in the fantastical story, but very young viewers will need a bigger hand to hold.
The aggressively unpleasant visuals certainly detract from the overall film, but Maleficent makes for a fascinating entry in an ongoing wave of projects that give "bad" women of literature a chance to present their side of the story.
Much like the character of Maleficent veers between hero and villain during the story, the film straddles the line between magnificence and misery.
The director, Robert Stromberg, was production designer on Tim Burton's Alice in Wonderland and Sam Raimi's Oz the Great and Powerful, and if you thought those films were visually sickly, here he really has his cake and sits in it.


@highlight

Angelina Jolie's magnetic performance outshines Maleficent 's dazzling special effects; unfortunately, the movie around them fails to justify all that impressive effort.