A great coming of age girl movie that prioritzes teen personality and brain power over female body appeal.
...younger people should find it entertaining, and the spoofing will not be a complete waste for many adults.
For adults, there are some pleasures to be found here and there, but parents won't be blown away by it the way their daughters will.
I think a character like Nancy Drew can still work in today's pop culture world, but unfortunately the film doesn't believe in her enough.
Big-screen teen sleuth is cute, if a bit bland.
There's something very weird about Andrew Fleming's movie, perhaps because it's essentially The Black Dahlia for tweens, with kissing but without the sex or mutilation.
Carolyn Keene's straitlaced teen detective gets a modern, ironic makeover, but the irony wobbles and the jokes aren't strong enough to carry it.
For sheer objectionable stupidity and dullness, this film takes the biscuit.
Chaotic narrative and half-baked ideas.
This update on the Nancy Drew saga uses old-fashioned stylings in a modern context to confusing, and none-too-suspenseful effect. It's a non-event that fails to do the much-loved character justice.
The original books appeal to generations of readers, but this flick's strictly for tweens and slumming homage-spotters.
At a time of fine teen comedies such as Mean Girls and Freaky Friday, the real mystery was why this was made at all.
That this is just about passable as a divorced parent's weekend treat is down to Roberts' charm and the timeless appeal of Nancy herself.
The age-old mystery doesn't exactly thrill, but there's humour here and there and a swotty heroine that parents, at least, will approve of.
With the school holidays approaching, this is a good choice for the tween, young teen audience, but there is very little here for the older fans of the novels to enjoy.
Sadly bland update of everyone's favorite girl detective series never rises above its Scooby Doo-level plot.
t's hard to imagine a better casting choice for the role of the spunky girl detective than (Emma) Roberts, who's transitioned nicely from her television role on Unfabulous to handling lead roles in teen flicks.
'Nancy Drew' still has a televisual feel - more 'Murder, She Wrote' than junior 'Marple'.
A refreshing change of pace in today's often mean-spirited marketplace.
It's one of the few tween movies that isn't in your face; its limpness becomes appealing.
Nancy's not nearly different enough from other movie girls. And that makes her look more old than fresh.
The Brady Bunch movies were acts of pure contempt and hatred. This is not. It's an act of contempt, all right, but the nostalgia brings a schizophrenic tone to the whole mess.
Although passable, Nancy Drew would feel right at home on the Disney Channel or Nickelodeon, which means the real mystery is how it ended up with a widespread theatrical release.
Relocating with her single father to the land of Hollywood wealth, Nancy Drew just plays as a developmentally stunted version of Veronica Mars.
The new Nancy Drew isn't great but it is fun and, best of all, Emma Roberts breathes lively presence into this classic character.
Too silly, stiff and surreal to recommend.
perfect for a particular audience -- too old for an all-cartoon diet, but still not yet interested in movies about adults
It feels like some Nickelodeon-like teen detective script. In fact, with new character names, this just as easily could have been called Veronica Mars: The Early Years.
An unspectacular mixed bag that tries to straddle two eras with great discomfort and a lot of just plain bad ideas.
The film begins by mocking the validity and relevance of its own source material, but somehow Nancy Drew survives.
I doubt if any female over the age of twelve would get much pleasure from the film.
A modern, kid-friendly action oriented romp.
This is one that's a must-see for tween girls, and which their parents can enjoy if they must.
It's got a lot of fun energy, and it's got a certain kind of inspired loopiness that I found entertaining.
She might as well have stayed in the books.
This Nancy is a throwback, but a charming one, and Roberts (Julia Roberts' niece) plays her with an irresistible sweetness.
Okay, it's not L.A. Confidential, but the story was fine and the time passed quickly--or is that mercifully?
"Nancy Drew" is a real mystery.It's a movie that doesn't know what it wants to be.
Plays like a rejected pilot for the Nickelodeon cable network ... even girls of the right age may find themselves pretty bored by this lame and lifeless production.
Who do they think their audience is? Nancy's many fans rightfully will be insulted by the spoofing, and everyone else will be confused by the uneven tone and start-and-stop plot.
The idea of a remake is not a bad one, but as co-writer and director Fleming can't find the right tone and so the picture goes from retro to nostalgic to postmodern and back again.
Rarely has the difference between 'knowledge' and 'knowingness' been so lightly and neatly sketched in a breezy entertainment.
Once the rote mystery elements take over, the film devolves into a second-rate whodunit for kids, but even then, Roberts' irrepressible cheeriness and curiosity in the face of danger proves too adorable to resist.
Placing the old-style teen super sleuth in a contemporary setting is a risky move, but buoyed by an appealing lead performance, this Nancy Drew update mostly keeps to the spirit of the beloved books.
Crisply put together but just passably amusing, the movie is innocuous, light, and -- obviously -- very, very slight.
The inspired casting of Emma Roberts (Julia's niece) as the spunky, goody-two-shoes, know-it-all Nancy is, perhaps, the film's greatest asset.
Bland, unoriginal and plain boring, Emma Roberts' significant charm simply isn't enough to carry this sorry attempt to resuscitate the girl detective.
Has all the suspense and intrigue of a less-than-groovy episode of Scooby-Doo.
an enjoyable combination of a typically Nancy Drew-ish mystery -- which includes a murdered screen star and a haunted house -- and some 'Clueless'-style comedy.
The movie's refusal to treat young girls like silly tramps-in-training is almost radical: It's just good, clean fun and actually offers children of a certain age a role model even adults can feel good about.
This Nancy Drew, not too sappy and not at all snappy, looks fully prepared for the next instalment.
In many ways, it's steadfastly adult, a picture that admits, with every frame, a desire to hang on to everything we value about traditional modes of movie storytelling, instead of just trying to figure out what will win big at the box office.
Director Andrew Fleming loses his footing trying to shoehorn Nancy into contemporary times. It's a bad fit, reminiscent of Woody Allen's short story about a professor who whisks Madame Bovary into modern-day Manhattan.
A recent book on the Nancy Drew mysteries notes that Nancy came along in 1930, just as 'the first tampons went on sale.' News to Nancy in 2007? Her love life remains virtuously naive, and Betty Boop still thinks she's a square.
Nancy Drew grows too dark and intense in its final act, serving to underscore the picture's inconsistent tone.
It is smart enough to captivate not just the women who loved the books as kids, but also the boys and men that would normally disdain such a 'chick' flick. That nice Nancy Drew just has a way of winning people over.
Attempts to convert this into a fizzy comedy rely almost entirely on the charms of young comedienne Roberts, who is given very little with which to work.
Parents who want smart, harmless movies that don't condescend for their school-age kids -- a rare thing these days -- should be grateful for Nancy Drew.
None of the dialogue is particularly pointed, and the supposed Hollywood mean teens seem rather tame. (One of their big pranks involves stealing Nancy's cupcake.)
The film's and Nancy's nonjudgmental tone gives it a distinctly modern feel.
A well-written and in many ways pleasing update of a character who has endured in print for 78 years.
Tedious interpretation of the famous girl detective's adventures. Nancy Drew falls somewhere between The Haunted Mansion and the live-action Scooby Doo movies in terms of quality but is more irritating than either.
The threadbare, uninteresting plot could be overlooked were it not for the lifelessness surrounding it. The filmmakers mix tones and eras without purpose or effect. The appealing Roberts struggles to carry the burden. Wholesomeness shouldn't be so hard.
Anyone tired of taking their children to summer blockbusters (or Big Tired Crap Part III as they're referred to 'round here) will be happy to have a look at Nancy Drew.
Fleming's movie doesn't fuss much with originality or storytelling logic but it does play nice from beginning to end, its positive messages bundled up with self-aware humor and empowered feminine pep.
An awkward mixture of send-up and formula kid's comedy that's only marginally better than the Olsen twins direct-to-video detective series.
Hardly heart-racing stuff.
Could show a lot of 12-year-olds how much fun movies once were when they weren't compelled to prove their cool.
A refreshingly kind and calm PG film that no one will be ashamed to see.
[Roberts is] a natural in front of the camera, so warm and cute you're instantly charmed. Nancy Drew works largely because of Ms. Roberts.
A cheerful diversion for the younger set, and Nancy's innocence plays as a welcome diversion to the ongoing Spears-Hilton-Lohan debacles.
Overall, it feels lame. A disappointing revival of a classic character.
Roberts is pleasant enough but, like her fellow TV-bred teen stars, there's not a lot of there yet, let alone enough to suggest a corn-fed Sherlock Holmes.
Every so often, I see a movie so uniformly dopey that I wonder if it's a gag, and I'm not in on it. Maybe the whole thing's meant as camp, a cosmic joke only the most sophisticated viewers will get.
Nancy's fashion faux pas and lack of coolness are nothing compared to the movie's plot gaps, unsuccessful jokes and old-fashioned continuity problems.
Quaint and campy, seet yet clueless, it's an odd combination.
...good fun for kids of all ages...
I am such a teenage girl. I loved Nancy Drew.
(Emma)Roberts, Julia Roberts' niece and bad boy Eric's daughter, packs an efficient sleuth kit as the title character.
The central puzzle has a noirish flavor that would have made it seem promising were the movie paying attention. Sadly, it's off gallivanting in the land of the Disney Channel.
Why risk alienating the already built-in fans with all this self-aware nonsense ... while creating a mutated form of the original entity that may be related to it in name only?
Fleming's Nancy Drew isn't just bad, it's fascinatingly bad.
Nancy Drew is a sweet family film that pre-teen girls should love.
Most of all, what keeps the movie afloat is Emma Roberts' sincerity in her portrayal of Nancy.
Fleming creates a clever, snappy, self-aware picture in which Nancy thrives.
Thankfully there is Roberts, and all by her lonesome she's almost enough to make me feel like I'm being a bit too hard on this movie.
Roberts is smart enough never to let Nancy be the butt of the joke, or let anyone in the audience think she should be mocked for her wholesome ways or reliance on her brain over slutty clothes.
The film is clever and winking without ever being overly so, and Fleming's light touch makes the movie refreshingly friendly.
...one could surely do much worse as far as movies of this ilk go.
The fish-out-of-water jokes often fall flat.
[Director] Fleming is compelled to push for that contemporary upgrade and he fills the film with many airheaded moments that feel like outtakes from every other teen flick.
[Nancy Drew's] spunky resourcefulness is given an exaggerated, tongue-in-cheek treatment by director/co-writer Andrew Fleming. But it's all done with affection and respect.
I think it's the most radical thing I've seen so far this summer.
Is this the start of a new franchise? Only the dollar signs will tell, but I can certainly think of worse material for a series of films than this.
Nancy Drew is a lark but nothing more, asking little from the audience while it flits from scene to scene.
Contains a few witty bits and occasionally fun moments of detective work, but it slogs its way through them all.
Uncertain shifts in tone from sincerity to almost-camp and the inappropriate subject matter make the unsolvable mystery just who this movie's audience was intended to be.
Emma Roberts, as Nancy, is perfection: smart, bemused, unflappable, a know-it-all without acting like she knows it all.
What's not to like about a girl detective who is a good citizen and better student, a leader rather than a follower, a resourceful seamstress who won't cut her clothes to fit this year's fashions?
Roberts, bless her bubbly little heart, resolutely charges through the movie with a perkiness that ignores its lack of substance. Then again, this movie isn't about context. It's light, fluffy and fun.
So tepid that even Nancy Drew loyalists may take a pass on any further cinematic adventures.
A majority of the film is in awe of Nancy's dynamic sleuthing skills and her confidence. It's a wonderful change of pace for tween cinema.
[I]t works wonderfully well to make this movie Nancy a bit of a retro throwback. This is how you make a girl stand out today: you make her polite, enthusiastic, bookish, sweet, and wholesome.
Nancy Drew manages to navigate the era of cellphones and Mean Girls with retro nostalgia and wholesomeness, making it a rare girl-powered outing for tweens in an otherwise guy-centric summer.
The sleuthing is where the fun is at, and Nancy Drew is enjoyable enough for one to hope there are more onscreen mysteries for her to solve in the near future.
The film itself is more nice than good, but nice isn't the worst trait.
The film has a wry, buoyant sense of humor, and you get the feeling that the odd touches are intentionally funny.
The postmodernist evocations of the past (roughly the 50s through the 80s) are a charming mishmash, delivered with wit and style.
This film's lack of gaiety and surprise makes it a dud for old and new generations of the books' fans.
This Nancy is indistinguishable from every other Teen Vogue cheerleader tapped by Hollywood for role model of the month over the last 20 years. Casting agents, are there no budding Jodie Fosters in the entirety of America's high school drama clubs?
Nancy is like June Cleaver meets Veronica Mars, and she's an independent thinker who earns young girls' respect and makes it cool to be uncool.
Fleming keeps things on a bright, easy keel that's refreshingly devoid of that noxious, smart-alecky irony which infects so much family film fare these days.
Emma Roberts' Nancy has the sort of innocent smile Paris Hilton likely lacked at birth.
While [it] embraces the camp of transporting a '50s-style goody-two-shoes to modern-day Los Angeles, there's no attempt to comment on the clash of cultures or even pop culture in general - which would have elevated the material and broadened its audience.
I won't go so far as to state it's Battlefield Earth for the Clearasil crowd, but it's clearly a turkey no matter how it's sliced up.
too lame to tempt tweenagers looking for the next cool thing at the cinema.
Why does a movie so dolled up with oodles of stylistic doodles fall so flat?
The tone is most similar to the "Scooby-Doo" films, which isn't a compliment.
The immensely likable Roberts... happens to be the best part of the film from director and co-writer Andrew Fleming, which offers a few laughs here and there but is otherwise contrived, cliched and stiff.
If Nancy Drew is the start of a new franchise, parents and kids alike should rejoice.
The characters undergo nothing that could be remotely associated with development, the mystery is wafer-thin, and the slight plot is stretched to the breaking point in order to fill out 95 minutes.
Unavoidably arch but essentially playful in its wit, Nancy Drew neither wears out its welcome nor compromises its heroine.
Send your teenagers to Nancy Drew if you're seeking an effective revenge for all their MTV TiVo's. It's a movie with the charisma of gangrene.
A fearless teenage amateur detective models courtesy, passion, and creativity in her sleuthing activities.
Nancy Drew is almost charming when she's out snooping in the boonies, but she doesn't make a whole lot of sense nosing around Hollywood wearing Bree Van De Kamp's hand-me-downs.
It's an utter embarrassment that this movie should even carry the Nancy Drew name.
The cumulative effect of Fleming's direction and Roberts' casting is to make eternal heroine Nancy into a chipmunk-chipper detective and a social nincompoop.
Uncomfortably straddles the line between revival and send-up...[Nancy Drew] probably should have been kept in mothballs.
Purportedly an attempt to modernize the young detective's adventures for a new generation of tweens, the pic instead serves up stale mystery-movie cliches and overcooked red herrings in a thoroughly wooden adaptation.
It's hardly sacred literature that shouldn't be messed with, yet the source material's particular resonance remains elusive in this 21st century update.







@highlight

Emma Roberts is bubbly and charming as Nancy Drew, the junior detective. But despite her best efforts, Nancy Drew still lacks excitement, surprise, and compelling secondary characters.