You might enjoy this oddball ESPN documentary about extreme sports including skateboarding, motorcycling and motocross. Mostly, I think, it's aimed at kids and/or extreme sports enthusiasts.
Such dime-store philosophy, coupled with the running commentary from the Games' heinously Spicoli-esque announcers, ruins an otherwise gripping, in-your-face experience.
A slick, fawning, shamelessly commercial puff piece that occasionally hits on an eye-popping image and just goes sick.
The highlight is a contest of wills between three contestants of the extreme skateboarding of the Slam event. It is heavy drama worth the price of the ticket.
A dirt bike motorcycle enthusiast as well as a 3D aficionado, I had a great time overall, despite the film's imperfections.
Aside from unrevealing sit-downs with a few key players, X-Games 3D: The Movie is mostly an overlong demo reel of increasingly gutsy tricks.
Unfocused and underwhelming, X Games 3D is most notable as a missed opportunity.
There's some jaw dropping eye candy in 'X Games 3D: The Movie,' but there are also wasted opportunities.
This feature is X-treme only in its multidimensional dullness, which is compounded by interviews in which the interchangeable thrillbots discuss themselves and each other with an immense lack of insight.
This is more a highlights reel than a movie, but there's not a film out there that can top the drama of Danny Way jumping the Great Wall of China by skateboard -- with a broken ankle.
Has stunning 3D visuals which briefly provide a rush of adrenaline, but it often feels too dull while lacking insight and suspense as well as palpable excitement.
Although the competitions are undoubtedly impressive achievements in the daredevil arts, as a record of what these mentally tough participants do, it too often feels like a warmed-over energy drink.
Sports documentary is full of sights -- and salesmanship.
Those of us who prefer the winter edition of the X Games -- snowboarding and all that - would be happy to watch a counterpart film to this one, with a bit of snow. Just a hint, ESPN.
Be aware that the action is so extreme it verges on being a sports snuff film.
Parental Content Review
Lawrence isn't asking us to consider these deeper thoughts. He's in it for the thrills, with no interest in the wives, children or friends who worry about the life these men have chosen.
This promotion for the ESPN event is poorly written, contains too much hero worship and profiles too many events.
3D is X-treme film-making and thus well suited to the X Games, hyper-intense, hyper-dangerous, hyper-what are they thinking? sports that are closer to stunts.
With its self-promoting tone and overwrought voice-over, the movie can seem more an ad for the X Games (and ESPN Films) than a real sports documentary.
Narrated with overblown rhetoric by Emile Hirsch, Steve Lawrence's feature-length commercial only feigns interest in the backstories and motivations of its chosen subjects
For fans of such activities, footage of their idols in action may be enough, but even they might find the movie overall surprisingly ordinary.
What's in the film other than what you might have seen on TV? Yes, it's in 3D, which adds nothing and dims the picture.
A deadly paced, sloppy parade of egos and stunts, Movie plays directly to the fanbase, who will be the only ones able to hurdle the slapdash nature of the direction and savor the airborne money shots.
Wow, these guys are all totally driven and really want to win? You don't say.
As a movie, X-Games 3D: The Movie isn't a movie at all. It's a 90-minute commercial for the games, lacking much in the line of drama, compelling characters or story line.
Although the novelty of 3-D adds some drama to the contests, your snazzy glasses do nothing to block out the inanity that comes from the mouths of the participants, the play-by-play commentators, and narrator Emile Hirsch.
A relatively unimaginative take on the proceedings, coupled with occasionally bizarre stereoscopic work and awkward narration, causes the pic to bail out more often than it soars.
3D adds a little something extra to this movie-length advertisement for X Games.


@highlight

Though fans of the event will likely enjoy X-Games 3D: The Movie , most will find it a poorly put together, skin deep, extended advertisement for the extreme sports competition.