If you want to mosh about in Stone Roses nostalgia, check out Shane Meadows doc Made Of Stone instead.
Taking its cue from the sort of pandering nostalgia that usually gets peddled to Baby Boomers, Mat Whitecross' irritating Spike Island follows a teenage gang of the Stone Roses' superfans in 1990 Manchester.
Though the story is drawn in broad strokes and overloaded with melodrama, director Mat Whitecross' exuberant feature understands the communal joy and personal necessity of rock 'n' roll.
Good gags, great performances and a spectacular soundtrack rescue an otherwise average coming-of-age drama.
Spike Island has plenty of feckless, disorganised charm.
The film has an engagingly zippy and colorful visual style, evoking the splashy Summer of Love motifs around the Roses, with allusions to their music videos and paint-splattered, Jackson Pollock-esque sleeve artwork.
The heady whirl of the Roses' first album played loud is a treat -- the only one.
[The Stone Roses'] debut long player is one of the few rock albums that might justly be assessed all killer, no filler; Whitecross and Coghill's sincerely intended love letter to the era, not so much.
[Director Whitecross has an] uncanny visual ability with music sequences as the film joyously skips through a pitch-perfect Madchester soundtrack.
The filmmakers botch the story with a fragmented script and harshly edited scenes that prevent us from properly engaging with anything that happens.
The piece as a whole gets bogged down in rites-of-passage cliches and, ultimately, seems out of time.
Whitecross clearly has both an eye and ear for the rarefied nuances of pop culture ...
Incident after incident might be prefaced with the dread phrase "one time we took drugs and then . . ."
There's a terrific blast of nostalgia in this finely crafted film, which will probably make it a hit for Stone Roses fans, but it's so jaggedly edited that the plot is almost impenetrable.
It's a likable, amiable movie, and a nice reminder of the roaring 90s.
Sniff all you like, but Spike Island smells of nothing.
It's a bit ramshackle but good fun and enjoyably nostalgic.
Stylishly shot and features an expectedly strong soundtrack, but the script feels contrived and the clichéd voiceover is rather annoying.
Christopher Ross's bold cinematography, in particular, helps capture the potent exuberance of the era.
Spike Island is a film that does more or less precisely what you expect it to do - no more, and no less - and within that limited remit, it's a gentle and affable watch.
None of this ever feels remotely honest or real.
Underwhelming drama  about a fledgling band trying to get to the Stone Roses' momentous 1990 gig in order to pass on their demo to Ian Brown.
It's hard to see who the film is aimed at, teenagers or nostalgic forty-somethings? There doesn't seem enough for either.
Following Made Of Stone, this is another slice of nostalgia for baggies of a certain age.
Saggy but also energised and endearing.
Unfortunately, great music can only distract us so much in this disappointing feature from the talented Mat Whitecross.

@highlight

Spike Island has energy and visual style to spare; unfortunately, they're lost within the movie's clichéd story and choppy direction.