Although this ditty about two pretty, broken lovebirds would never have been a groundbreaker, it might have worked better had it not labored under the shadow of a recent event that should never be pillaged as a deus ex machina.
Without providing proper context to justify the citation of this devastating chapter in history, the twist exposes Mr. Fetters as a mere lazy opportunist.
The shamelessly exploitative ending simply knocks it down another peg, ironically turning "Remember Me" into a film that will fade from memory pretty quickly.
Thoughtful and a step above the typical romantic drama.
It's a mope-a-thon that rivals New Moon for downbeat moodiness.
A disappointingly schamltzy romantic melodrama that will not do much to promote Robert (Twilight) Pattinson's career as legit actor.
I hate this movie. I hate it a lot.
Live in the moment. Carpe Diem. Get Busy Livin. We get it, already.
Overwritten and overcooked, Remember Me still manages a few explosive sequences between Pattinson and Pierce Brosnan.
Carries on at a leisurely pace, delivering minimal sentiment and then hits you with a grandiose and invalidated finale.
Remember Me actually does know exactly where it's going. It just takes too long to get there.
Remember Me is a sweet and sombre melodrama of two wounded souls finding hope and love in pre 9/11 New York.
Sometimes the worst filmmaking choices are those in which the good intentions can still be felt.
Pattinson broods the whole time in this only okay film.
Pattinson divides his time between get-even mating, wall sex and addressing grade school bullying by terrorizing a classroom full of mean girls while tossing their desks around. Which comes off as even scarier than his obsession around sucking necks.
Arrogant in forcing a large-scale weight to a story and characters much too flimsy to deserve, much less support, it.
If Remember Me does well at the box office, it will in no way be a reflection of the film's merits.
Dear oh dear, the problems and the acting-out with which the wealthy must content.
A teen-pleasing, low-key indie romance with one of the most demented final twists ever.
Pattinson, while unlikely to win over doubters, acquits himself well enough to suggest a career beyond moody bloodsucking.
Put it this way, Coulter, there are over 3000 true stories you could have told, and this film may insult every single one.
... leaden and lifeless, everything keyed to the lugubrious brooding of Pattinson's hilariously bad performance ...
Even before the manipulative final act, this film will get on the nerves of most viewers with its over-serious tone and sentimentalised plot
Screenwriter Will Fetters stretches 30 minutes of drama to almost two hours of screen time, relying on the actors to scowl and brood while they wait for something to happen to their characters.
A sleepy weepie with an 11th-hour reveal which is a trifling reward for enduring the soapy slusher that precedes it.
Much better than you might expect.
R-Patz shows he can act, standing toe to toe with the fine Chris Cooper and looking like James Dean in comparison to the annoying Tate Ellington, who plays Tyler's "comedy" flatmate.
Pattinson's young female fans are likely to find this film less unbearable than anyone else. But even they may find the big emotional climax, which exploits a major terrorist disaster, cheap and pretentious.
It is the cinematic equivalent of a mournful track from a cool indie band until we get to that awkward finale.
Remember Me provides some mild domestic spats and lots of picturesque male brooding, but it's a pallid and oddly exploitative affair.
Tween and teen girls will weep in the cheap seats, while adults will be narked by the ending, a shameful piggyback on a national tragedy, which will further the career of the heart-throb.
There is much to be impressed with here.
Robert Pattinson proves he can do more than fanged heartthrob, but while the film should sate his legion fans til their next Twilight fix, there's not a lot here for the rest of us.
Be warned, if you're vulnerable to outrageous, cringe-inducing implausibilities -- not least the ludicrous stand-up row between Tyler and his father in the latter's Twin Towers boardroom -- you'd best give this one a miss.
Decently shot and directed as it is, it lacks any real flame.
Best forgotten.
Ultimately rendered unwatchable by an unbelievably crass ending that is both manipulative and reprehensible.
The drama -- a far cry from the vampire stories of Twilight -- allows Pattinson to show broader emotional range. But the script is rife with clichés, and the sex is so artily lit it seems direct from cable.
I kept expecting Pattinson to scream, 'You're tearing me apart,' or claim that he 'coulda been a contender,' which, unfortunately, he never does.
Remember asks too much of its audience.
...Pattinson's magnetic work as the protagonist plays a significant role in cementing Remember Me's mild success...
[The lead] character appears to consist solely of his reluctance to shave and his massive cigarette habit that is given more screentime than most of the named characters.
Robert Pattinson can really act when he is supported by a great cast. As the film reached it's climax I slowly moved my hand over my mouth in shock.
...too manipulative to set itself apart as truly original, but too emotionally invested to be completely dismissed.
calculated and ham handed
Robert Pattinson's star vehicle runs out of gas
In "Remember Me," Robert Pattinson, the producer and leading man, displays genuine acting chops as a "Rent"-related cousin of the "Rebel Without a Cause."
The New Yorkers who inhabit this overwrought melodrama with a mega twist are so self-centered that the message -- life should be savored, not squandered -- gets lost.
A movie that surprises in many ways, one being how much better it is than expected.
If this movie is playing at a theatre near you, you might want to consider moving somewhere else.
Sadly, the most memorable aspect of the film is a groan-inducing surprise ending that trivializes a horrific catastrophe and reminds viewers how vapid the rest of the movie is.
The script calls for several scenes with gut-wrenching, hard-core emotional outbursts. They're so bad they're embarrassing. Robert Pattinson should stick to sulking.
What was a well acted, heartfelt love story of two wounded souls finding each other and learning to heal is obliterated in one vile, manipulative swoop. This ending wasn't deep or thought-provoking; this was a sucker punch.
The ill-conceived climax will strike the easily manipulated as deep but will cause most discerning viewers to recognize it for a cheap trick that should come with some sort of trigger warning before it unfolds.
Pattinson has gone from brooding, adoring Bella, saving Bella, and trying not to kill anyone to brooding, adoring Ally saving various people, and trying not to kill anyone.
Robert Pattinson is charismatic and charming in much of "Remember Me," but the bad news for his fans is they have to content themselves with good work in a ridiculous film.
A simple romance for swooners that wins points for noting that two lovers bring with them a clashing mess of family and friends
[The ending] shamelessly exploits a real-life event, an iconic moment whose heartbreak far eclipses anything this cheap melodrama contrives.
An insignificant film that desperately wants to be significant. Still, thanks to a decent cast and mostly solid direction, it manages to be at least moderately entertaining through its running time.
Dark, disturbing romance not for Twilight's preteen fans.
...in a matter of minutes Remember Me goes from something that might have been memorable to a wholly unnecessary disappointment.
It takes a lot to act horribly troubled for no obvious reason and have an audience buy it. Amiable as he is, Pattinson doesn't attain that in Remember Me.
This mawkish trash is bad enough even before it stoops to using the Sept. 11 terrorist attacks for sympathy. Unforgivable.
The film gets bogged down by plot points that plod toward an event of devastating proportions.
Remember Me is a far more accurate barometer of Robert Pattinson's acting chops than that teen vampire franchise.
Only slightly edgier and no more sensible than a Nicholas Sparks story.
No matter how hard I try, no matter how long I work to do it, no matter what else I see this year both good and bad, this is one movie I can honestly say I will never, ever forget.
There are enough layers to the drama in Remember Me that makes it hard to immediately discount or dismiss it as frivolous teen girl fare.
A small, dense chamber study of unhappy people looking for hope in the darkness, often literally.
There's a sense of construction to Remember Me that undercuts its emotional impact, and emotional impact is pretty much all this film is shooting for.
In Remember Me love means never having to say you're sorry, particularly to the audience.
The finale manages to be tasteful and exploitative at the same time. It touts forgiveness while being mildly infuriating. Such is the danger of borrowing from the enormous to merely entertain. If that.
Ambitious but overwrought, with a polarizing final act.
For me, [the ending] was enough to tip the already teetering scales into a "thumbs down."
"Remember Me" is a movie with an urgent message. The message is: Please consider seeing another movie.
Remember Me is best low to the ground, modestly picking apart neuroses and grief. Taking matters to pointlessly epic proportions only reinforces just how anemic the rest of the picture is.
a turgid excuse for a perceptive character study/romance that pins its hopes on a twist that is not so much a jolt as an affront
The positives are trampled by the heavy boots of poor plot points, a trumped-up third act conflict and an emotionally exploitative ending that is, quite simply, appalling.
I hate the ending. I hate it. I hate it. I hate it. I hate it more than Kim Basinger hates Alec Baldwin. I hate more than Garfield hates Mondays.
After the first hint of what's coming -- which crops up less than 10 minutes into the movie and then doesn't let up -- the foreshadowing becomes so distracting that, by the time the darn thing goes off, there's only a sense of relief.
Time for a quick game of One of These Things Is Not Like the Others: Marlon Brando. James Dean. Robert Pattinson.
Romantic, angst-ridden melodrama, aimed specifically at Pattinson's young female fans.
Remember Me represents Robert Pattinson's attempt to prove he can do more than sparkle like a faux vampire, but the case he presents is not convincing.
It's all weepy drool until the twist ending, which turns it shockingly offensive.
If Remember Me is remembered for anything at all, other than being yet another Robert Pattinson vehicle, it will be for its over-the-top ending, which ranks high amongst the most shameless jerkers of tears ever unleashed upon lachrymose teens.
It turns out Robert Pattinson sparkles after all. [T]he script shimmers with sensitivity and a meticulous attention to emotional detail...
There's no shame in exploring tragedy through art. But exploiting it to make your very ordinary movie feel more important? That's another story.
Somewhere the heart that must anchor a romantic drama has gone missing. We don't so much feel the relationships as see them.
The final scenes of the film are bold and provocative. I salute that, but they also left a bad taste in my mouth.
A seemingly inconsequential action at the climax becomes a profound life-changer, giving each character's journey an unpredictable -- and I would argue, contrived -- conclusion.
The commercials make it seem like a typical angst-filled college romance and, in large part, it is. But in the end, it becomes something more, but describing exactly what would do a disservice to its often subtly crafted story.
So many terrible things happen to the people in Allen Coulter's Remember Me that when the last awful twist comes -- something so resounding and meaningful that it instantly, horribly cheapens the rest of the movie -- you're almost numb to it.
Remember Me is a touching love story, but its broader tale of familial relations packs a greater emotional punch.
Pattinson's hero is well drawn, emerging as yet another descendent of Holden Caulfield.
If you thought New Moon was genius, this movie will be your Casablanca.
This shameless romantic drama tries to wring tears out of susceptible audiences by exploiting one of the most infamous, tragic moments in America's recent past.
[Pattinson is] like Luke Perry doing James Dean in the dreariest John Hughes movie ever made: Some Kind of Terrible.
There are no less than four tremendous performances in the film.
Robert Pattinson's hair will get the teens in for this mopey New York romance, but goodness, do they have a shock in store.
The whole thing plods along to you-know-what, which would probably provoke a pretty good ethics-in-storytelling debate if weren't so overtly manipulative, mawkish and dependent on a moment too emotionally obscure for Remember Me's target audience.
An endless parade of melodrama blind with rage and completely irrational.
Until the end, the film works as a look into lives under stress looking for redemption, and for that, it's difficult to write off the whole for a relatively tiny sliver.
"Remember Me" is only slightly more than forgettable, but its good intentions and good performances can't make up for a central romance that feels more rushed than real thanks to the triumph of casting and celebrity over chemistry and charm.
Full of hot air.
Overloaded with hair-trigger melodrama that leaves the its cast in a permanent state of hackneyed hysterics. And oh yeah, they go "there" and there's nothing we can do to stop that locomotive.
Parental Content Review
With any luck, Robert Pattinson's naysayers will be silenced after they take a gander at his convincing, even magnetic work in Remember Me, a romantic drama more interested in character nuance than story innovation.
Pattinson's and de Ravin's charisma elevate what could have been a dreary affair, though the final sucker-punch is arguably unnecessary.
A romantic drama about the tender bloom of love in a garden of death, grief, and great loss.
... too overripe in the melodrama department for modern audiences, but it features some credible acting and a ten hanky weep for those in the mood.
A tearjerker piled on a tearjerker...a gloomily mawkish, manipulative soap opera that uses the sad historical context in a way many will consider offensive.
Allows [Robert] Pattinson to be a livelier, looser presence on screen than he is as Edward Cullen, but the broody star still doesn't show much range.
Even if you disapprove of just where the film goes, the story building up to the final climatic twist is moving and real.
I laughed the hollow laugh of a cynical old movie critic during the eye-rolling final scene, which is certainly not meant to be funny.
Remember Me is charged up with stormy melodrama. Pattinson's various fan contingents should eat it up...
Pattinson gets to sink his teeth into something more than posturing.
When the film finally goes for broke with that ambitious, colossally misconceived finale, a tremendous emotional investment in these characters is necessary to pull it off -- and even then, its prospects would be questionable.
Although clearly it was mapped by a team of consultants, Remember Me is a horrific misstep in the branding of Robert Pattinson.
Allen Coulter directed this morose and sluggish drama, which gets more mileage from Pattinson's anguished profile than from Will Fetters's thunderously overwritten screenplay.
Shame on them!
Angst-ridden, wanna-be tear-jerker - featuring Robert Pattinson as another tortured, brooding James Dean-type - doesn't come close to earning its big payoff.
Limp and witless. A romantic drama with all the body of chicken noodle soup.
The film's tone is all wrong, the pacing is dead and the veering between sex, sadness and sado-masochistic violence is enough to give you motion sickness. It's a bad movie.
The more you wait for the biggest plot development of the last decade to reduce everybody's problems to a hill of beans, the more Remember Me starts to make you feel cheap.
The fact is, Remember Me is a well-made movie. I cared about the characters. I felt for them.
Slaps, screams, and airborne fire extinguishers thoroughly destroy the film's air of mopey sincerity to bits.
[Q]uietly charming and coarsely handsome, a sensitively observed story about young people in love seen through a keen eye for the unglamorous side of New York City that we don't often see on film these days...
A movie with all the hyperventilating hysteria of a 1960s teen-tragedy pop song and all the disposability, too.
There's a distinctly bittersweet undertow to the picture that draws you in and helps you overlook the film's weaknesses.
A distasteful meal that Pattinson's partisans might mistake for profundity.
Bless you, R.Patz & Co., because this gloriously steaming pile is officially in the bad-movies-we-love pantheon.
More tacky and preposterous than the worst blockbuster phone-in.
Anyone longing to watch Pattinson do his best James Dean will see it in this deliberately paced story set in the summer of 2001.
The modestly scaled film delivers some moving and affecting moments amid a preponderance of scenes of frequently annoying people behaving badly.
A strong romantic drama in which Robert Pattinson and Emilie de Ravin really shine.
The relevance of the film's title only becomes clear at the film's ill-conceived end, in a dragged out sequence that totally overshadows the film's already flakey premise. The best thing that can be said of the film is that it is well intentioned
If it is to be remembered, it'll be for all the wrong reasons.



@highlight

Its leads are likeable, but Remember Me suffers from an overly maudlin script and a borderline offensive final twist.