Tim Curtin's handheld camerawork and Dan Romer's score are restless and energetic. Pio Amato, who is in almost every frame, makes for a charismatic lead. He is likable enough for the viewer to overlook his low-level lawlessness.
[The] one-foot-in-reality approach immediately lends the drama a sense of lived-in, often uncomfortable authenticity.
Carpignano's mission seems to be to give the marginalized and voiceless a chance to represent their own stories.
The film's rough vitality, fueled partly by Amato's ebullient relatives playing versions of themselves, can't mask those moments of contrivance, but it's absorbing all the same.
A fascinating and considered study of outsider tensions, though a third-act turn that forces Pio to pick a side hammers the point home a little too hard.
In Pio, Carpignano has found a natural star...
Carpignano doesn't judge his characters. He just lays bare what makes them tick.
The plot feels loose but the performances are mesmerising.
The textures and attention to detail enrich the familiar story beats.
The wildly impressive amateur cast and novice Italian-American director Jonas Carpignano...have done their jobs and created an impossibly gripping fiction.
Pio tells a story in his eyes alone, determination and vulnerability carried in a look; there's a career ahead of him, should he choose to leave the Ciambra life.
So peppy and vivid - so dynamic-and-demotic - that it could have been directed by a young Martin Scorsese.
What a rush of storytelling energy and style.
Told with love and affection for those whose lives he follows, Carpignano has created a brilliant, bright shining star of a film. One of this year's best.
It's The 400 Blows for a new generation, with a renewed political urgency that feels vital in the current climate.
Shot like a documentary with mainly non-actors, the film is abrasive and pungent.
In this coming-of-age adventure, Pio is the bridge between the parallel realities of both communities. [Full review in Spanish]
By its final reel, Carpignano's film seems more interested in giving a voice to a bereaved culture than giving it hope, and hope is not going to be the feeling audiences take from the theater.
Italian neorealism is alive and well in the hands of writer-director Jonas Carpignano-a fairly textbook version of neorealism, at that.
Carpignano is interested in the margins - and the fringes of those margins.
Writer-director Jonas Carpignano displays a fine feeling for the simple joys and blunt sorrows of life at the margins, and a great regard for his compelling young star.
The director avoids turning this into some form of misery tourism, which would be a real risk in less adept hands: yet the story is told with such a uniform tone that itÂ's hard to remain emotionally engaged.
If the ending, which recalls Luc and Jean-Pierre Dardennes' wrenching La Promesse, is overly schematic, Carpignano's sympathetic lead imbues the scenario with genuine intrigue.
Carpignano is far less interested in the epic mechanics of how the flat screen TV falls off the truck, and far more on the personal daily details of the people inhabiting this world.
It's a neo-realist study of a kid with special gifts for leadership, daring and friendship. And for stealing everything in sight.
Through Tim Curtin's kinetic handheld camerawork, Carpignano immerses the viewer in Pio's experience.
[Jonas Caprignano] captures the life of a boisterous Romani family in Southern Calabria with remarkable authenticity.
Viewers interested in a rarely-documented side of life will get caught up in this frank portrayal of a boy who's not sure how to be a man.
While A Ciambra is not a happy story, its vigor and authenticity deliver a sort of joy.
Star Amato can be a bit inscrutable, but the character is still struggling with his own identity, and he doesn't always understand his own actions.
The result is busy, murky, and remote.
The film is most engrossing in its opening act, when its camera is freed from the demands of plot, channeling Pio's peripatetic spirit.
it opens a window into a culture, the Roma, which I was near totally unaware of, until now.
there are also moments of magical realism, beautiful reflections on Romani past as experienced by Pio's grandfather and his white horse. These juxtapositions help to identify generational differences, especially as regards how outsiders are viewed
The audience [...] is, at best, being subjected to a rather dull story about an equivocal protagonist.
In its mood and methods, "A Ciambra" pays homage to the work of Jean-Pierre and Luc Dardenne, the living masters of European realist cinema.
An understated, naturalistic take on a story that could easily be delivered with melodramatic clichés.
Gets us right into the life-style of Romanis, particularly those who are coming of age.
The curiosity of Carpignano's sharp directorial vision ... brings these characters and their world to life.
A Ciambra is a very fine piece of middlebrow cinema, and I fully expect Carpignano to be working in Hollywood before all is said and done.
A film that takes its time and earns its narrative twists gradually.
Pio's irascible extended family is a director's dream, and as the charismatic teen faces an uncertain adulthood, Amato clearly earns his star status.
A beautiful, tragicomic and heartbreaking story. [Full review in Spanish]
A Ciambra follows the compelling coming of age story of a young man named Pio (Pio Amato) who is thrust into adulthood when his father and brother are locked up.
A Ciambra is more successful when unpacking the cause of Pio's identity crisis than it is when searching for solutions.
Jonas Carpignano constructs a telling story with minimal elements, and extracts an astonishing truth from the actors. [Full review in Spanish]
While it makes its point half-way into its running time and you start getting the anxious jitters of a film that overstays its welcome, A Ciambra serves the fundamental cinematic purpose of transporting you to another world.
"A Ciambra" is something of a step sideways for the Italian-American filmmaker, consolidating his considerable formal and observational gifts while fumbling a bit as storytelling.
A raw and distinctive coming-of-age portrait.

@highlight

A powerful character study, A Ciambra burns slowly, letting its compelling cast carry what could otherwise be just another coming-of-age story.