It's easy to overstate the varied accomplishments here because of how badly it might have gone. That it landed somewhere between adequate and excellent is satisfying enough.
Unfortunately, the film doesn't linger at Oxford for long, and the remaining point on the love triangle-Sebastian's sister, Julia-is always present, but only fleetingly interesting.
A bleak and often befuddling 2-hour-15-minute disappointment.
slow and beautiful, rather than intense, dramatic and insightful
it still has the high-class dramatic feel you'd expect from something you would have watched on PBS twenty years ago
Occasionally interesting, always beautiful and regularly tedious, the film attempts to capture a time and a feeling yet it ultimately fails to provide the depth needed to make it wholly successful.
Certainly passable, but less than spectacular, Brideshead Revisited is an authentic and decent adaptation of a well-known novel, but nothing more.
The events in the film felt rushed and overly obvious, as if Harry Potter's adopted parents dressed him in an "Ask me about wizardry" t-shirt before Hagrid ever turned up.
Those with warm memories of the BBC television serial in the 1980s will find much in this Brideshead to enjoy.
Even if the material is familiar, even if it has been done well before, there is room in a great book for a new interpretation.
It's as if Waugh's story has been filtered through the spiritual blindness of young Charles. The movie sees, but it doesn't understand.
With all its failings, this is an intelligent, critical film about religious faith, and that in itself is a rare achievement.
The look and feel is just about right, and the dialogue and acting are enjoyably sharp. This new version of the classic deserves a fair hearing in its own right.
A timely update on a deserving classic.
Directed by Julian Jarrold from a script by Andrew Davies and Jeremy Brock, this new adaptation adroitly condenses Waugh's plot while eliminating or reversing most of his intended meanings.
At just over two hours, the film naturally feels a bit cramped and the most interesting elements are given fairly short shrift.
Evelyn Waugh's greatest novel gets a respectable new film treatment from a team of Britain 's biggest names, although it will inevitably remain in the shadow of the 1981 TV series.
Thompson's work is especially dazzling because the mean, sanctimonious character is so clearly alien to the actress.
Characters have been left out -- certainly inevitable -- but mainly what this lacks is air to breathe, wit, humor, a lightness of touch to keep it from being the stodgy bore it is.
This revisiting of Evelyn Waugh's novel is successful in part in that it firmly envelops both its characters and us into a cloud of Catholic claustrophobia. But Julian Jarrold's film is so plodding and overlong, that by the time it reaches its resolution,
This glorified soap opera, filled with a higher caste of desperate souls, makes Brideshead worth the revisit.
This new version of the Evelyn Waugh tale of conflicts in class, sexuality and religion is more about the sumptuous imagery than the provocative subtext.
For the most part, this is an enjoyable, well made and superbly acted drama, though it drags towards the end and doesn't quite pull off its emotional climax.
In the end, however, this is a film which though less ambitious than Atonement is very much the equal of The Duchess. Its weakness is the same as that of the latter: it has no guiding hand prepared to take risks and make it distinctive.
This isn't the truffle box of Brit thesps you'd imagine; instead, the main star is Andrew Davies's nuanced, if awkwardly paced script.
It's not much to offer a newcomer, who would be best advised to read Waugh's novel; failing that, to get hold of the TV serial. Either would be preferable to this copy of a copy, and a rather inadequately handled one at that.
Lovely if you have the time. But if you have the time you may, I feel, be living in the wrong time.
The movie is borrowed from Evelyn Waugh's classic novel but lacks its many layers and subtleties.
Someone once said the only thing worse than nuclear war was Evelyn Waugh. Maybe they'd seen this.
It isn't at all emotionally involving. Charles Ryder remains a cold fish, and Goode endows him with good looks instead of personality.
All isn't fair in love and Waugh in an adaptation of his best-known work that's often too tasteful for its good. Handsome and thoughtful, it might've had more appeal had first-choice leads Jude Law, Paul Bettany and Jennifer Connelly stayed.
Purists may baulk at Jarrold's liberties with the text but it's a well-constructed story that works on many levels. If you enjoyed the book or the series, revisit Brideshead.
It's a dutiful, good-looking slice of heritage cinema so empty that you expect Keira Knightley to show up at any minute.
Kingsley Amis once said his difficulty with Brideshead Revisted was not that these people were behaving badly, but boringly. On the page, that isn't true, but here on the big screen, it turns out to be an insuperable problem.
The repressed victims are beautifully framed by Jarrold. The acting is faultless. But there is no reason why we should be revisiting Brideshead. The melodrama is so damp and overwrought it's hard to care about these old ghosts.
A good film that occasionally verges on greatness, but never quite gets there, this is a respectable adaptation of a much-lauded book that will no doubt find an appreciative audience in time.
Performances are good - Thompson and Gambon impress - but the insipid music is dreadful.
Okay for those who dote on 'classics illustrated' in the Merchant Ivory line, but not as fluid as all that.
The Roman Catholicism is not diluted. Brideshead itself seems more like a cold cathedral than a home. And Sebastian's homosexuality is not fudged: he kisses Charles on the lips during one boozy summer. Ben Whishaw embraces an aristocratic camp.
It's a stunning, gripping and visually sumptuous cinematic feast that is like a breath of fresh air in the onslaught of summer movies. But purists, beware.
Though a story of the disappearing tradition of aristocracy, Brideshead Revisited is, at its core, a tale of the outworking of God's grace in people's lives.
The costume period piece never amounts to more than middle-brow soap opera fluff, but it's enjoyable on its own terms even if not exactly Waugh.
I cannot think of another screen adaptation that treats its source with similar indifference, almost contempt.
This is a beautiful production that doesn't succeed due to a major casting blunder and how the story switches focus in the final act.
This is that rare film version of a book that captures the essence of the work, while at the same time bringing its own point of view to the table.
It is all very civilized with people retaining their manners even as they verbally shred an individual's dignity or remind them of their station in the social order.
This new movie is measured and tasteful, clearly a labor of serious intent, and hints at breadth of story and depth of character. But it only hints; the movie itself, sad to say, is rather dreary.
There's a reason Emma Thompson looms over the posters for Brideshead Revisited: She has a smallish part, but she makes a huge impact.
Whishaw's Sebastian is a creature not completely of this earth. Watching the matriarchal and religious pressures weigh on his thin shoulders is almost too much to bear.
Boiled down to a manageable 2 1/4 hours, the story becomes uneven and the thematic development lopsided.
Jeremy Brock's screenplay hits the high spots, but leaves many characters - particularly the status-striving Charles - sketchy and incomplete.
You could wish for more, but for that there's still the epic-length miniseries. If you want just two hours of mournful, lovely melodrama of manners, this is a fine choice.
Thompson, though, is marvelous; with understated precision and grace, she makes every word count. Also excellent is Michael Gambon.
What's missing from Goode's performance and from the film as whole is the layer upon layer of accumulated motive -- the gradual evolution of a man's complex desires and even-more-complicated fears.
The fine acting benefits from luxury casting (Thompson and Michael Gambon as Sebastian's separated parents) and the intensity of Goode and Atwell.
When the increasingly anguished and dipsomaniacal Sebastian exits the story, he takes much of our interest with him.
Jarrold's reduction of the story is so archetypal that it's indistinguishable from soap opera.
The film, a distinctly secular take on Waugh's religiosity, is far more interested in the battle of blind faith vs. rigid unbelief and its devastating effects.
...more fun than expected, and in its own middlebrow way, peculiarly true to Waugh's own vision.
Its scope is broad -- it has three flashbacks in the first 10 minutes before sticking with the 1920s and 1930s -- but its focus is sharp.
[A] slowly paced, uninvolving 'revisitation' of Waugh's novel.
Those impatient with Anglophilia may grow restless, but the film often visually enchants, and it's chockablock with themes that transcend period: sexuality, class, religion, love, addiction and most of all, family.
Themes of religious oppression, particularly of gay people, are especially pointed and unfortunately still relevant enough today to sting.
If you're in the market for a veddy British drama and miss seeing Emma Thompson in her natural environment, Brideshead Revisited is a worthwhile two-hour meditation on faith (and the lack thereof).
Plays like a SparkNotes version of a homework assignment you put off until it was too late.
So many of the right ingredients, but an uneven last act and the 2nd act loss of the film's two main engines, Whishaw & Thompson, drags Brideshead Revisited down from what could've been a very lofty height.
If you don't have time to savor the 300-plus pages of Evelyn Waugh's 1945 novel or all 11 hours of the 1981 British miniseries, then a quick gulp of this 135-minute adaptation might suffice.
Some of the set piece scenes are so astonishingly crafted they look like impressionist paintings. I wouldn't have believed it, but I really enjoyed this movie.
The celebrated Evelyn Waugh novel and 1981 BBC miniseries Brideshead Revisited have put the unusually titled story into cultural consciousness. The adapted miniseries brought the characters to life and cemented the epic journey of class awareness.
It's been fussed over until there's not an inch of life left in the thing, just the glassy pleasures of an instant museum piece.
Yes, it's a compressed version, but I found it very enjoyable.
Intelligently adapted and impeccably directed with superb performances, it's a pensive, melancholy evocation of the far-better mini-series that's now available on DVD.
A sumptuous romantic drama that honors its literary source and deeply satisfies.
If it's a choice between the movie's 135 minutes or the 659 minutes of the miniseries, I'd say it's no choice at all. The shorter version is the one that seems long.
The saga ultimately lacks the emotional wallop of the TV version. But its clever writing, strong performances and sumptuous production design make for a rich experience nonetheless.
With a masterfully economical screenplay by Jeremy Davies, Jarrold's version of Waugh's novel wastes no time with subtleties.
Director Julian Jarrold and writers Jeremy Brock and Andrew Davies have not surpassed their predecessors, but neither have they done any lasting damage with their interpretation of the 1945 novel.
A very noble movie, which makes it interesting at times, but not often enough.
Even clothed in linen and flannel and tweed, the absurdities of Brideshead Revisited can never be entirely hidden.
Thompson (and another great veteran, Michael Gambon, who shows up as her estranged husband) and Waugh's wit are reason enough to revisit this Brideshead.
[Feels] like a lot of other costume dramas. The phrase Brideshead Regurgitated creeps into mind.
Gauzy and unfocused. It suffers from too many rooms and not enough view.
[Director] Jarrold seems too often to consciously be making an in-quotation-marks classy picture, much like last year's Atonement, in which the costumes and setting are just so, but the human drama gets lost amid the pictorial pleasantries.
The movie may not be a masterpiece, but it makes for good theater all the same.
It's all rather unaffecting.
This version feels fairly condensed.
A great piece of work in a movie.
[A] lazy, complacent film, which takes the novel's name in vain.
The fine cast includes Emma Thompson as the siblings' gracious but domineering mother, and the location footage of the family's majestic mansion is stunning.
Brideshead Revisited, it turns out, deserves a revisit.
Immaculately costumed, designed and set, the film recreates this cross-section of English high society to perfectioneates this cross-section of English high society to perfection.
No classic, but it does hold interest, in part by dealing honestly with the intriguing religious themes and in part for its fine cast.
It's like three movies - about a single book - in one
Merchant/Ivory with a fastidious political viewpoint
Maybe purists who are already up in arms about the alterations will stop and realize that it's a testament to just how incredible Waugh's novel was that, even with so many cuts and alterations, so much quality remains.
...concentrates on the Charles-Sebastian-Julia story to the detriment of many supporting players but without losing the novel's religious themes.
This is a world of dinner jackets and evening gowns, casual jaunts to Venice and Morocco; it's about elegance, style, money and perhaps too heady a mix of drink, religion and intrigue.
A good, sound example of the British period drama; mid-range Merchant-Ivory, you could say.
Threaded through with ambivalence about class, religion and sexuality, Brideshead Revisited is overnuanced, a world of delicate cruelty, where most of the wounds take place without breaking the skin or even a sweat.
The film is plush and passionate and graced with elegant performances. Best is that of Emma Thompson as Brideshead's matriarch, Lady Marchmain, who resembles a cross between Helen Mirren's Queen Elizabeth II and Pope Benedict.
In trying to wrestle the story into a workable running time, the film has taken a greatest hits approach to the material that recreates the best-known moments but which lacks all of the nuance and detail of either the book or the miniseries.
If you go with a group of friends to see Brideshead Revisited, the one who is still awake at the end wins a free dinner from the rest of the group.
It's rare to find a work that explores issues of faith without veering into religious fundamentalism or militant atheism, which is reason enough to revisit Brideshead one more time.
Still hard-hitting and dense, it's a film whose ideal audience consists of younger viewers who haven't seen the TV series and who therefore have nothing to compare it to.
[I]t's rather like its protagonist, Charles Ryder: really quite handsome to look at but so damn tedious and somber that you want to smack some sense into him.
It offers excellent performances by Whishaw, the always-reliable Gambon and especially Thompson as the strong, brittle, stubbornly Catholic dowager figure.
Facing incredible odds against it, this pass at conquering Brideshead is a worthy offering to the period-piece gods, presenting British aristocracy with the perfect edge of contempt.
Thompson, Goode and Atwell make for fine screen company, despite [Emma]Thompson's arguable miscasting.
Actually lives up to its pedigree, rendered lively with gorgeous scenery and a tart, droll script.
[A] lush, bold, intellectual treatment of the Evelyn Waugh novel about Catholicism and nonconformity, which ventures where the fabled '80s miniseries couldn't.
You have to admire the way it refrains from seizing the day for a postmodern lecture on the perils of fundamentalism, and confines itself to the disturbing vision of Evelyn Waugh.
Brideshead Revisited is opulent and watchable, yet except for Thompson's acting, it's missing something -- a grander, more ambivalent vision of the England it depicts dying out.
A sophisticated and well-acted screen version of Evelyn Waugh's 1945 novel about the toxic fallout from a Catholicism of sin, sacrifice, guilt, and otherworldliness.
If you can let go of your memories of the novel and the outstanding 1981 miniseries, this is enjoyable enough as tasteful melodrama.
The film version of Evelyn Waugh's Brideshead Revisited transforms one of the quintessential novels of the 20th century into one of the grandest, most enriching films of 2008.
I recommend the brilliant pessimism of this film to all my readers, who I hope will appreciate the exquisitely rendered truthfulness of the narrative.
A very handsome period picture....But it's an almost perversely wrongheaded adaptation of the book.
A handsomely appointed but oddly unaffecting adaptation.
This new Brideshead takes a step in the right direction, but it's time some radical writer or filmmaker dared to leave out the dim Julia charade and let Charles and Sebastian play out their Isherwood/Auden Oxford love match to its full.
Allowing auds sufficient retro-aristo-lifestyle sumptuousness for their dollar, yet exhibiting admirable, intelligent directorial restraint, this Brideshead is mainstream arthouse fare par excellence.
There's room for more than one Brideshead in this far less glamorous day and age.
Will disappoint viewers who know Waugh's writing or the Granada production, while a younger audience unfamiliar with either won't care enough about rich Brits between the wars.
Smart, handsome film-making without the usual summer panoply of special effects and computer generative industry, a picture graced by solid acting and a rich empathy with people who find themselves through religion rather than wealth.
For those with an affinity for this kind of movie -- and you know whether this applies to you -- Brideshead Revisited is a worthy, although not superior, motion picture.
The theme of individual powerlessness in the face of family, religion and other forces is dusted off in this version, and while the production design is impeccable, helmer Jarrold is only sporadically effective in illuminating the novel's dramatic issues






@highlight

Suspenseful and beautifully mounted, Brideshead Revisited does an able job condensing Evelyn Waugh's novel.