It invokes traditions and superstitions ... while subtly threading in new customs and legends from the whole cloth-so artfully that they immediately seem just as valid and timeless.
Those that have grasped its intentions have every reason to be happy with the end result. And to that end, mere words in a movie review cannot express how much I just don't care.
One of the only obvious instant classics of horror in the first decade of the 21st Century.
This slick and twisted effort should enjoy lengthy shelf life as a Halloween perennial.
Full of atmosphere, jack-o-lanterns, fun facts and yes, plenty of blood... exactly the film horror aficionados hope to see in theaters every October.
It's not a smart movie.
This movie loves Halloween so much you can almost taste the candy corn.
has genuine holiday spirit
What keeps "Trick" from attaining its lofty "Creepshow" aspirations is the lack of conflict and resolution.
Michael Dougherty's directorial debut is one treat that deserves not to be spoiled before it's opened.
The only shock is how Brian Cox and Anna Paquin ended up in something so atrocious. In trying to span so many genres, the film fails to hit the mark with any of them.
Just as it would be alongside a fire, the spooky power of the myths and legends being spun is all in the style of the storyteller. This delivers the nasty goods with fluid grace and demented glee and is bound to become Halloween appointment viewing.
Trick 'r Treat sequals
Trick 'r Treat is a really good film. In fact, it's so unusual in its practical F/X approach and retro direct to video charms that a second viewing is definitely needed before confirming its almost masterpiece status.
If you can think of a better American horror anthology than this one, I owe you some Halloween candy. (OK, the first Creepshow, but that's about it.)
Feels not just like a series of stories set on Halloween, but a blood-spattered portrait of what makes this holiday so beloved, so dangerous, and so much damn fun.
It's a greatest hits collection of old fashioned monsters and gruesome new age beasts all set to the tone of Hallow's Eve...
Instead of participating in the yearly nonsense of Saw, give Trick 'r Treat a spin instead. It's one of the best horror films of the year and a perfect addition to the holiday.
Dougherty interweaves the different strands of his narrative with a healthy disinterest in the norms of chronology, and so introduces just the right amount of jigsaw-like tricksiness to keep his penny-dreadful treat smelling fresh
TRICK 'R TREAT a trip back to the 80's when the goal was to excite and entertain, not torment you... it's the type of movie you can bring anyone to, whether it's a date or your kid.
One of the most handsome, lushly detailed horror features in years. Trick 'r Treat is destined to put the most sour of souls in the Halloween spirit.
Trick 'r Treat ranks alongside John Carpenter's Halloween as traditional October viewing and I can't imagine a single horror fan that won't fall head over heels in love with it.
...one of the best genre films of the past few years!

@highlight

A deftly crafted tribute to Halloween legends, Trick 'r' Treat hits all the genre marks with gusto and old fashioned suspense.