Olivier Assayas' epic account of the life and myth of real-life terrorist Carlos the Jackal is a mesmerizing portrait of a committed activist who transforms himself into a media-hungry rock star of an international terrorist.
Though a superbly made and meticulous portrait, Carlos is more interesting than entertaining.
Carlos is a smart piece of filmmaking that delivers thrilling sequences and doesn't pander -- grounding its idealistic character in a sea of contradictions.
Carlos is relentlessly tense and exciting.
Una película narrada con mucho rigor y nervio, que logra reconstruir a la perfección la atmósfera y las tensiones geo-políticas de la época en la que está ambientada. Gran trabajo del venezolano Edgar Ramírez en el rol titular.
It's obviously not meant to be funny, but in a way it is.
it's this downtime that finally, finally begins to show some cracks in Carlos' armor. It slowly becomes clear that Carlos is nothing but surface.
Carlos deserves mention alongside the greatest suspense thrillers ever made.
Absorbing
The term "epic" often gets bandied around to describe movies that don't really fit the description. But Olivier Assayas' Carlos is the real deal...
Mesmerizing 5-hour-30-minute biopic.
Carlos was like a terrorist version of James Bond, a high-living, jet-setting playboy terrorist for hire.
It manages to deliver a steady stream of action thrills even as it reconsiders the international terrorism of the 1960s and '70s for lessons important today.
A terrifying portrait of an egomaniac who demands absolute obedience, and craves it even more when his power and relevance are drained away.
Like "The Baader-Meinhof Complex", this is a largely pointless exercise meant to deliver the same kind of cheap thrills as "Bonnie and Clyde" or the Mesrine flicks. At least with straight-ahead gangster movies, you don't get the liberal moralizing.
It is one of the best pictures of the year.
Assayas, hopping the globe from bloody episode to bloody episode with little pause for reflection, offers a concise history in how radical political violence played out across Europe during the final Cold War years.
The film is a fascinating, fictionalized, notably sexually charged account of the two-decade reign of terror masterminded and carried out by this lone radical "soldier."
Carlos isn't just the best movie of the year, it is arguably one of the single greatest motion picture I have ever seen.
Even in it's watered-down 2 1/2 hour cut, CARLOS remains a stunning piece of work. This is a star-making performance for Edgar Ramirex.
It's a subtle, ultimately staggering portrayal of a bloody-minded ideologue who convinced only himself.
One of the most detailed and enthralling political dramatic thrillers ever made.
Directed by the eclectic Olivier Assayas, it's a three-part made-for-TV movie that offers compelling watching but not much insight.
It matches moments of globetrotting, Bourne-like cloak-and-dagger intrigue with the documentary precision of a police investigation determined to leave nothing uncovered.
Goes on for longer than a kidney transplant op.
We should probably mention that all those hours and all those actors, languages and events notwithstanding, Carlos flies by at a brisk pace.
Following a Venezualan's decade-long climb up the global terror ladder
Killer stuff.
There are ups and downs to international terrorism as a career and Carlos lays them out very fairly.
It absolutely whizzes by.
Olivier Assayas's ambitious biography of the Venezuelan-born terrorist known as Carlos the Jackal features some spectacular filmmaking and well-considered performances.
A long and complex film (five and a half hours) that seems to go by in a series of vivid flashes.
The ambition, scope and drive impress greatly, as does Ramírez, who nails his character's fascinating contradictions.
Carlos is a television-drama-turned-movie that interestingly injects a boxset quality into its idea of epic.
An imaginative but exhausting study of a man who embodied the shifting sands of history.
The fictionalised account of Carlos's personal life is intriguing, but the deeper root of his anger remains unclear beyond the rhetoric.
Ramirez's outstanding performance and Assayes' superb skill in storytelling make this a mini-series not to be missed.
Assayas returns with a hulking, seething, intermittently sublime, five-and-a-half hour film in which he manages to draw together elements from both of these distinct styles.
A wizardly piece of brutal, romantic filmmaking, it makes old-fashioned beret-based terrorism look a thrill.
The length of the scene ties in to the unhurried, forensic calm of Carlos as a whole.
(VIDEO) Édgar Ramírez's fleshy portrayal of the enigmatic Carlos is a mesmerizing high-wire act of incredible precision.
While 'Carlos the film' is an inflated action movie, Carlos the monster-man remains as enigmatic as before
...a wild ride through two decades of shifting political winds.
A suspenseful, captivating and provocative thriller that's epic in scope and boasts a powerful, star-making performance by Edgar Ramírez.
In its full-length version, Carlos stretches out to a languorous yet surprisingly taut five and a half hours, though it has also been cut down to an equally effective -- though not as detailed -- two-and-a-half-hour version.
Why turn a movie into a marathon? Because time may be fleeting, but it's mysteriously elastic as well. Once you've committed to an experience as intense as this one, hours become much less than the sum total of their minutes.
Carlos is exciting entertainment, even if its subject's two-decade reign of terror is reprehensible.
Carlos steps into the abyss created by the loss of political hope and fills it with blood and terror, playing to the faithful with anti-imperialist rhetoric and a pantomime of that old-time revolutionary feeling.
Here's the bottom line: Would people be singing the praises of this film if it was equally well-made but was the story of Mohamed Atta? A terrorist is a terrorist.
A whole bunch of dense and interesting drama, and an honest effort to reckon with a challenging history that continues to resonate in our own time.
[A] hypnotic and sprawling five-hour-plus piece of cinematic genius from master French filmmaker Olivier Assayas...
a daunting and yet completely engrossing look at the life of the infamous international terrorist who came to prominence in the 1970s
It's a dynamite movie, and you can see it in the full 330-minute version or the 140-minute cut. Either way, see it. It'll knock you sideways.
Carlos is mostly tense and thrilling, revealing the poisonous side of global citizenship.
This is bravura filmmaking. It is mobile and muscular, and yet never glorifies its protagonist's callous, pathetic and often hilariously misfiring bids for a place in the annals of history.
Carlos gives hipsters Munich minus the moral conviction and dramatic cogency that hipsters fashionably distrust. It's being presented in two versions: 330 minutes and 165 minutes, one as emotionally flat as the other.
It's a great, charismatic performance from Edgar Ramírez, who really goes the distance...
Olivier Assayas' three-part drama about Carlos the Jackal, the Venezuelan-born radical-Marxist terrorist of the '70s and '80s, is a rivetingly journalistic account of a scoundrel's rise and fall.
The apex of director Olivier Assayas's already impressive career, it's a landmark of pop politics taken to extremes.
Carlos suggests that the genre-hopping Assayas could maximize his own ambition even within the tight confines of a prison drama.
Absolutely brilliant work from Assayas, the most impressive film of his career, and quite an astounding career turn for Ramirez as well.
Both a powerhouse piece of docudrama-thriller filmmaking and a cannily politicized work.
Ambitious, persuasive account of "Carlos" Sánchez, whose use of terrorism changed the world, with a breakthrough performance by Edgar Ramírez.
Shot by shot, scene by scene, it's a fluid and enthralling piece of work. I wasn't bored for a millisecond.


@highlight

Despite its hefty running time, Carlos moves along briskly, thanks to an engaging story, exotic locales, and a breakout performance by Edgar Ramirez.