These are not popular films, but they are intrinsically essential to our understanding of citizenship and discipleship in the modern world.
It's not a particularly well-made documentary, but it doesn't need to be.
It's no mistake that the film's (anti-)resolving image is a statue of Tillman, frozen in time as a heroic but Sphynx-like riddle. [Blu-ray]
[A] brilliant, deceptively complex portrait.
Bar-Lev achieves no small feat in parsing out a complicated narrative and picking up on the family's outrage without turning it into a partisan or anti-military screed.
... only the very naive could take The Tillman Story as revelatory. It's not the way they tried to make one soldier's death seem romantic that's the real problem. It's that, for us, war has always been the stuff of glory ...
Like Pat Tillman himself, apparently, Amir Bar-Lev's movie stubbornly refuses to fit neatly into a box and come up with traditional, rousing solutions. Searing.
The documentary does a fine job of laying out the very personal story. The use of home videos, actual military investigation footage and interviews with fellow soldiers brings to light what happened. Audiences will feel a sense of heartbreaking empathy...
Reportedly, Bar-Lev wanted to call it I'm Pat Fucking Tillman after the last words of the man himself...My own suggestion would be Blasting Through Bullshit: The Pat Tillman Cover-up.
Leaving The Tillman Story you won't know whether to weep or put your fist through a wall. This documentary from director Amir Bar-Lev is that powerful.
We may never know exactly who shot Pat Tillman on that ridge in Afghanistan or why, but we have a better idea of who he was.
This is the kind of movie that makes you mad, that angers you in a way that's fundamental to your place within a democracy.
The tragic details of a football hero's death and the ugly efforts of deceitful career generals to hide the truth
What begins as an examination of a coverup blossoms into a fascinating story of the American public and its desire for a patriotic martyr no matter the cost.
Storytelling is a matter of life and death
The Tillman Story is an illustrative, cautionary tale, a fact-finding mission that was ultimately stonewalled by Congress, as we witness in heartbreaking footage of the cover-up hearings.
Call it "anti-mythic."
Bar-Lev's documentary's greatest service isn't in recounting the Army's back-pedaling so much as underscoring how communal needs and family grief don't perfectly align. And that political usefulness may attempt to trump all other rites.
Even if you've read a fair amount about Tillman's famous case, I bet there's stuff here to shock you.
The Tillman Story clearly lays out exactly what happened that caused Tillman to be blown to bits by fellow U.S.forces -- and the government's efforts to whitewash the story to avoid mounting criticism of the war.
This beautifully-constructed film is made even sharper by the contributions of the Tillmans themselves, a highly-intelligent family united in their common goal to seek out and tell the truth.
Fascinating but infuriating, "The Tillman Story" is probably the most brutally effective cinematic indictment of the Bush-Cheney administration to date.
Learning his story -- and holding his gaze -- should make us aspire to be worthy of not only his sacrifice but to learn the real reasons for it.
Sure, it's funny when a TV pundit talks about "glorious tales," and the film immediately cuts to a politician's silly-looking toupee, but it undermines the more unique aspects of Tillman's case.
Watching the film, emotions range from sadness, of course, to frustration to outright anger. This, truly, is the best we can do? Throwing up roadblocks in front of the truth, not trusting the American people to understand the nature of war...
The Tillman Story is upfront about wanting to challenge that faith, to question political assumptions and seeming historical frameworks.
Bar-Lev's portrait of the outspoken Tillman family demonstrates another, more realistic side of American honor and integrity - one that values truth over what Mary Tillman derides as a "tidy and mythic" story.
You are unlikely to see a documentary this year more powerful than The Tillman Story.
You will leave The Tillman Story enraged, not because the movie is bad but because it does its job so superbly well-moving you out of both your seat and your apathy.
Could you imagine how difficult it must have been to pore over records containing the brutal facts of your son's death?
[An] uncompromising documentary.
Bar-Lev summons us to remain defiant when our government demands complacency, and never to falter in our purpose even if the outcome eventually leaves so much still unresolved.
It's a sobering look at how governments operate in wartime, putting a shiny spin on even the grimmest of tragedies.
Well-paced, methodical and seemingly thorough...
Amir Bar-Lev's The Tillman Story is a gripping drama that reconstructs Tillman's life, death, and legacy.
Who was Pat Tillman? Himself. That's all you and the US Army need to know.
The Tillman Story puts the lie that the cover-up of his death was the result of a series of errors firmly in the ground at last.
The Tillman Story has been endorsed by Michael Moore, but that's no reason to avoid seeing it.
A scathing indictment of how Tillman's death, aided by complicitous media coverage, was cynically manipulated by the military as a propaganda windfall.
Though this is a film that will infuriate you from an institutional perspective, it's also strangely uplifting from a personal one.
It is enraging yet nuanced, an elusive combination for any documentary...
Amir Bar-Lev's infuriating, heartbreaking account of the life, death, and afterlife of NFL star turned problematic war hero Pat Tillman.
An extraordinary real-life story, extraordinarily told ... For better and for worse, The Tillman Story is America.
It's heartbreaking.
The Tillman Story stands as a truthful and emotional eulogy to a fallen solider and one that would never have been told without Dannie Tillman's determination.
The Tillman Story plays the sparkling colors of Pat Tillman's personality against the black and white of his state-sponsored myth.
This is no documentary; it is propaganda, making it basically worthless when it comes to finding out what happened and why, and that's a shame.
The Tillman Story unravels the deceptions -- and the deep dishonor -- that inflated life-size valor into fake superheroism.
It reaches beyond the facts of Tillman's story to arrive at key, universal truths about the ways our heroes are made and defined.
The Tillman Story is ferocious filmmaking, but it wouldn't have half the force it does if the director didn't also get at the complicated man Pat Tillman was ...
Provocative and colorful as the film is, it does the very thing it denounces -- massaging the facts to seize Tillman for a political agenda.
It's the movie to put your money on to win the Best Documentary Feature at the Oscars.
There's a lot of blame to go around, certainly, but in the end we're left with a lot of conjecture about what people "must have" known, and too-quick pans over official documents.
Mr. Bar-Lev's clearsighted, emotionally steady documentary examines the family members' deepening inquiry into the circumstances of Tillman's death and chronicles their mounting rage at the military's misappropriation of his story.
The Tillman Story is a sad, melancholy film operating on many levels.
Amazingly ... The Tillman Story is utterly entertaining, even as it infuriates.
The Tillman Story is one of the best, most profound and deeply affecting documentaries I've had the pleasure to see this year.
The Tillman Story is a probing examination of truth, decency and the American way. It also explores deception and military propaganda and lays bare the ravages of grief.
Intensely dramatic, filled with elevated heroism, crass self-interest and blatant stupidity, it's a paradigmatic narrative of our tendentious, turbulent times.
That such an incredible human being ceased to exist because of the stupidity of some overly boisterous troops will make you shake your head in sorrow and disgust.
stops just short of placing the halo on Tillman's head, but it's hard not to be impressed
Most of the material in this movie has been seen, heard, or read before, but never with this level of useful illustration.
A scathing and troubling documentary about a high-level military cover-up and a huge propaganda effort by the American government and media to garner support for the war in Iraq.
This documentary succeeds triumphantly on so many levels that its full impact doesn't hit you until you have time to register its aftershocks
Quite momentous and on par with the works of Errol Morris and Michael Moore without ever feeling strictly political or losing sight of the humanity at the story's core.
Constructed with passion, insight and an appreciation for healthy skepticism ... a superior documentary
A slow, steady rumble of anger and dismay at what the U.S. military, and the government, can get away with in the name of public relations.
The Tillman Story is another example of how contemporary journalism and documentary-making have lost credibility.
Exists in an uncomfortable gray area in which Tillman's saga is at once respectfully dealt with and bestowed with a magnitude it doesn't quite warrant.
By focusing on the human being, The Tillman Story balances cynical and inspirational aspects in equal measure.
[Exposes] a system of arrogance and duplicity that no WikiLeak could ever fully capture.
At a moment in time when most people get what little news they receive from TV (or, worse, from Fox News), this will all be a revelation to the mass audience.
The story of Pat Tillman's life and untimely death is one that lends itself to legend. Legend makes for engaging cinema. In the hands of filmmaker Amir Bar Lev, The Tillman Story is great verite cinema.
Those with an interest in the intersection of media, politics and American aggression will find the movie gripping on that level, but it's also deeply affecting in ways both specific and broad.
One of the year's most important films, magnificently stirring proof that there are forms of heroism which go far beyond those officially sanctioned by the so-called powers-that-be.
Quite simply the finest movie that the insane wars in Iraq and Afghanistan has inspired.
Expertly demonstrates the bumper sticker, 'Governments lie. Soldiers die.'
Merely puts Tillman on a different kind of pedestal and celebrates him as a different sort of idol than the military and media had done in the past.
This is a strong documentary
Bar-Lev peels back the layers and constructs a suspenseful narrative ... Ultimately, what emerges is a sympathetic portrayal of everyone involved.
...the April 22, 2004 "friendly fire" murder of former pro football player Pat Tillman in Afghanistan is dissected in damning detail in Amir Bar-Lev's revealing documentary...
An incisive account of how intentional military distortions skewed public perception of a brave soldier and respected pro athlete.
This is one of the more probing indictments of the post-9/11 government and is not inspired by liberal red state hatred but by a family who had a true American taken away from them way too soon. And for what?
In this funny, profane and profoundly sad film, Bar-Lev depicts Tillman and his similarly unconventional parents and brothers as Americans who hew to no ideological standard, and who actually think for themselves.
That screening was for the people of Park City -- normal folks, not the Hollywood types who make up 99 percent of the temporary Sundance population. These average Utah citizens thought The Tillman Story was terrific, and I did too.
The Tillman Story mixes talking heads and archival footage into a detective story of escalatingly scandalous proportions.

@highlight

Passionate, angry, and insightful, The Tillman Story offers a revealing portrait of its subject's inspiring life and untimely death.