Ryszard Lenczewski's superb cinematography effectively captures the rhythm of the girls' volatile interactions and growing obsession. His handheld camerawork has a quicksilver alertness.
With its fast editing and handheld camerawork, the film zips along lightly. Like a classic O Henry short story, it has a sting in the tail. But it's above all about conjuring a sense of atmosphere and place.
The film reaches a point of high drama, for sure, but when Edith Piaf's voice rises over the final minutes, the gothic climax curls into a wicked grin.
...there's little doubt that the film is occasionally just a little too uneventful for its own good.
In this sly and wonderfully atmospheric gem, Press and Blunt conjure up the role-playing raptures of youth with perfect poetic pitch.
Pawlikowski does such a great job of establishing a sense of youthful carelessness that we're sucked into Mona's summer adventure.
A movie you seem to watch through translucent eyelids...
Torrid eroticism tinged by a sense of menace . . . circles around its complex, conflicted characters before plunging into their dark feelings and hidden half-truths.
Pawel Pawlikowski's open and poetic new film proves without a shadow of a doubt that his stunning "Last Resort" from 2000 was no fluke.
Engaging arthouse coming-of-age drama.
One of those depressing, angst-and- lust-driven films the British do so well, or poorly, depending on your tolerance for this sort of thing.
A perfectly diverting, perfectly forgettable summer fling.
Slight and predictable at its core.
any time the film deals with religion, it slips from introspection into near caricature
Despite the predictable collision course between Tasmin and Phil, this is a remarkable film.
Turns out to be a triumph of unexpectedness in its slimmed-down story of two teenage girls, one middle-to-lower-class, and the other upper-class.
Coupled with...picturesque cinematography, Press and Blunt's natural performances communicate a palpable sense of the summer's heat and the hazy days of adolescence and ardor.
My Summer of Love is one of those promising little gems that comes along and gets lost in the hype generated by Hollywood's flood of blockbusters.
When compared with most of what passes for honest teen drama these days, My Summer of Love is a real reprieve.
Very good performances ...
Pawlikowski doesn't spend much time explaining his characters or telling us why they do what they do, and that's exactly why they remain so compelling.
As coming-of-age stories go, My Summer Of Love is far more provocative and mysterious than most.
It is a truly refreshing grown-up big-screen film.
It is, in short, a very good coming-of-age story of love and obsession, but not a remarkable one.
Pavlikovsky ends up falsifying everything his style was working so effectively to create, and only because he ultimately chose content over style.
Intoxicating, even hypnotic...The steamy relationship between Mona and Tasmin has an almost tactile sultriness.
Arguably the best film of the summer, perhaps even the year.
A portrait of adolescence at its most innocent -- and most resilient.
It's the revealing performance from Press that breathes life into the film.
Their romance seems alternately fluid and jaunty, as they explore one another and their own feelings.
Pawlikowski treats the girls' escalating attraction with delicacy, avoiding the titillating pitfalls of the genre.
While the movie's young lovers happen to be female, this is not a story of forbidden fervor, but one that effectively captures the first flush of teenage infatuation and passion that will resonate with anyone, of any sex.
It is at once a beautiful work of artifice and a convincing reflection of life's messy ambiguities. Aesthetically contained, morally uncertain.
Exquisitely acted, directed and photographed.
An exquisite exploration into the realms of seduction, obsession, deception and disillusionment.
My Summer of Love is less entertainment than it is a pleasant experience, but Pawlikowski's adept handling of his talented cast also gives it staying power.
conveys the desperation of a man whose redemption seems to be slipping away
You get multi-dimensional characters that are usually absent from summer movies.
I think I'd rather go back and watch "Heavenly Creatures" again.
Disregard the bland title: This is a fresh, unsettling, and erotic lesbian coming-of-age drama that, though different in style, recalls Peter Jackson's Heavenly Creatures
It's all very mesmerizing, for them and us.
For those seeking just another cinematic girls only "bump 'n' grind" along the lines of Wild Things, perhaps a trashier film should be sought.
A remarkable if brief entrance into real psychologies.
Remember these names; remember this strange, lovely movie.
My Summer of Love had me at hello.
My Summer of Love is not a kiosk for lesbian love, either. It's the story of two needy, sexy girls willing to make confusion a way of life, for one tough summer.
Reinforces the sense that this director knows his way around the range of human emotion.
My Summer of Love is willfully romantic -- and just as smart about the dangers in that.
That's what makes this such a strong coming-of-age story; we feel Mona evolving, but until the last few frames, we aren't sure what or who she's become.
My Summer of Love remains stubbornly stalled between 'artistic' lesbian hubba-hubba and such tougher fare as Peter Jackson's superior Heavenly Creatures.
Brilliantly evokes the sleepy, slightly unreal atmosphere of teenage summers that seem to stretch endlessly into the future.
No friendship is ever quite as consuming as one between two adolescent girls, and My Summer of Love very quickly moves on into dangerous Heavenly Creatures territory.
Pawel Pawlikowski is helped by his young leads, who make a memorable impact in this unsettling romance.
Apparently, lesbians are hot these days...
Director Pawel Pawlikowski, whose last film, "Last Resort," was a minor revelation,..has chosen to adapt a novel which demands comparison to Heavenly Creatures...
A coming-of-age tale that eschews the typical trappings of that genre by making the friendship/love affair between two precocious adolescents into something powerfully obscure.
Far from earthshaking, but it's fun while it lasts.
You won't forget these girls any time soon.
In adapting a novel by Helen Cross, the Polish-born Pawlikowski has made a strangely absorbing movie about trust and betrayal that showcases the work of two fine young British actresses, Natalie Press and Emily Blunt.
What begins as a boozy and desultory love affair winds down to a powerful and suspenseful finish.
This isn't a coming-of-age movie so much as a movie about being of an age.
Ultimately, it's more about mood than the story, but boy, this is one good mood.
Press and Blunt['s] characterizations are expressively detailed and never rely on declamatory dialogue or excessive behavior.
Thoughtful, carefully crafted drama about youth and summer love in a small town is a great acting showcase for a talented cast.
Sometimes predictable and cliched, occasionally even dull, but worth watching because of the performances of newcomers Natalie Press and Emily Blunt.
Pawlikowski has made a gorgeously ambiguous film.
[Pawlikowski has] created a most provocative love story, about two people who will never forget each other, but not for anything like the reasons they initially imagine.
For all its melodramatic excesses, My Summer remains highly watchable throughout.
Pawel Pawlikowski's lovely film tells a modest story. But it is a triumph of mood and implication.
Watching it, you're pulled in so completely that you begin to lose your bearings, too.
Superbly acted, movingly written, and directed with a tough-minded lyricism rarely found in today's films.
Not surprisingly for a project that relied so heavily on the actors' input, the characters are complex and intricately drawn.
Exotic and erotic English film about two young girls who are carried away by their yearning to lose themselves in something transcendent.
The inexperienced young actresses give such unaffected performances that the film develops a voyeuristic quality as the relationship takes on the momentum of a runaway train.
To call this movie a lesbian love story, or a coming-of-age movie, would be unforgivably reductive.
Its title may promise sweet, gauzy wistfulness. But there's a gritty astringency to director Pawel Pawlikowski's shape-shifting story of romance between two teenage girls in northern England.
An austerely heightened tale of sensual anxiety.
Slowly evolves into an oddly affecting mood piece about lost girl-ness.
Summer is a prime showcase for Emily Blunt and Nathalie Press, two actresses given a shot at the big time with this film, and they meet the challenge brilliantly.
Pawel Pawlikowski has crafted a moody and disturbing love story of manipulation and betrayal with a smattering of spare parts.
A vivid portrayal of an indelible friendship.
Achieves a nervy, wonderfully het up fervor.
The central relationship is tenderly conveyed but the plot soon takes a predictable antagonistic path.
[Pawlikowski] coaxes brilliant performances from all three actors and keeps the audience nicely off balance in this bittersweet portrait.
A startling rite-of-passage drama from Polish-born writer-helmer Pawel Pawlikowski.
A love fantasy with sparkling performances by newcomers Nathalie Press and Emily Blunt.





@highlight

My Summer of Love is a moody, bittersweet love story featuring outstanding performances from the leads.