THE VISITOR begs the question, "Is too late to try something new?" If your like the rest of the world, you want the answer to be "Never." THE VISITOR answers that in one of the most beautiful and heartbreaking ways you'll ever see.
First with "The Station Agent" and now with "The Visitor" (aka "Muukalainen"), actor-turned-director Tom McCarthy has quickly proven himself a master of the delicately-observed social drama.
The Visitor gives Richard Jenkins a chance to develop a character for the whole running time.
Un retrato sutil y sensible sobre la inesperada conexión que se produce entre cuatro personas de diferentes culturas y orígenes, y también una postal algo desencantada y agridulce de la Nueva York posterior al 11/9. Destacable actuación protagónica de Ric
click for full review
Our patience with the characters' apathy and uninteresting demeanor is not rewarded enough.
An interesting examination of the unusual relationship between a bored college professor and an illegal immigrant. There are some thought-provoking discussions in the film patched periodically with rough spots.
Tasting the bitter fruits of globalization
The astonishing sensitivity with which Richard Jenkins approaches his role is nicely complimented by the performances of other cast members.
Its mushy humanism is...insidious.
The best movies are those that understand the human condition and have a personal vision. The Visitor is one of those rare creations. The Visitor is a parable of decency.
The not-so subliminal message about life being fair versus breaking the law isn't enough to carry a film purporting to be a character-driven drama.
Jenkins, as always has a quiet, almost apologetic hesitation to his performance that serves him well as Walter....a very sweet and gentle film.
A showcase role for otherwise supporting actor Richard Jenkins, and he makes the most of it without ever being showy.
Exactly the type of movie the GOP would rather Americans not see, as it individualizes (rather than demonizes) its foreign characters and provides them with a collective voice that demands to be heard.
A character study drowning in liberal guilt.
Uplifting and undeniably winning in its perceptive landscape, The Visitor is no stranger to compelling filmmaking rooted in gentleness and inspirational fortitude
It is a lovely, well-crafted, bittersweet little film.
Dabbles in messages and liberal guilt, but more importantly, it sets up a reasonable and genuine space for a fascinating and heartbreaking character.
It's a lovely, moving film, marked by memorable performances throughout.
A beautiful, quiet, measured movie about the death of some American values since September 11, 2001.
The tension dips occasionally but stick with it and you'll be richly rewarded.
Beautifully cast and superbly performed, The Visitor never steps off the mark either emotionally or in character development. Richard Jenkins, usually in support roles, rises to the lead occasion with grace and a marvellously restrained performance
This is an exquisite and subtle character portrait and all the performances are wonderful.
...a celebration of multiculturalism as an American virtue.
The Visitor presents a rich, complex world where people connect in unexpected ways. It is a fitting follow up to the themes McCarthy covered in The Station Agent.
...extremely well-written and well-acted, but it was far too politically biased...it reminded me of a Soviet or Chinese Communist propaganda film.
Surefire material to pluck the heartstrings and for thesentimentally inclined, but...
For those who want to see slowly evolving character studies that are very rewarding, THE VISITOR is a bullseye.
The beautifully restrained performance by [Richard] Jenkins is the anchor of a film built around complex characters and quiet moments.
The charms and wonders of the film lie in the performances of the leads, all of whom are better than perfect -- they feel real.
A gently moving film that can warm your heart as easily as break it.
...a literate and low-key character study of an ordinary man in depressingly average straits.
Cuts across one of the West's most contentious political issues without ever getting political. And it features a terrific lead performance from Jenkins.
Beautifully acted and staged, but at odds with itself: the emphasis is not on the 'visitors' but on the uptight professor, who experiences a spiritual rebirth thanks to the life-affirming presence of his new Third World friends...
... I almost want to regurgitate that shawarma I once ate.
Sophisticated, timely and compelling, it's a quintessential post-9/11 drama.
It's almost funny how often and how closely The Visitor teeters toward cliché, only to deliver one gently genuine moment after another.
The Visitor might unite both sides of the illegal immigration debate - at least for two hours.
Jenkins, a veteran character actor perhaps best known as the dead father on Six Feet Under, gets the role of a career here...
The Visitor may not have any big names in its cast, but it certainly makes up for that by having a lot of character.
As close to a perfect movie as we're likely to see this year.
(Richard) Jenkins doesn't waste a motion or a word while bestowing on us an introspective acting clinic. They don't call them character actors for nothing.
At first glance Walter isn't a guy you want to spend two hours with. But by the end of the film, you don't want to see him go. Jenkins is like that: He sneaks up on you and steals your heart with light-fingered skill.
The Visitor is a tiny treasure of a movie. This is a wistful comedy that quickly finds its rhythm, but never lets that groove become a rut.
The real subject here isn't post-9/11 xenophobia but rather friendship, how it changes us, heals us and how the arbitrary intrusion of outside forces both threatens and strengthens us.
Poignant, intelligent, thematically nuanced and character-driven, The Visitor is a drama about illegal aliens in which the native son is the brother from another planet.
[Director] McCarthy has an undeniable way with actors, and it sustains our interest in this overt Good Samaritan tale.
The movie is grounded in a fundamental difficulty, that Walter's education is achieved by his engagement with this set of brown and black people.
This is one of those surprising little gems that make you happy to be an ardent moviegoer.
This is unquestionably one of the most moving motion pictures you will ever see, and yet, at film's end, you will be left wanting for more.
A lovely, quietly touching film that approaches a provocative and topical subject with dramatic sensitivity and graceful understatement.
The Visitor is a small movie, but its emotions could not be writ any larger.
Awards season may still be many months away, but it's not too early to declare both the filmmaker and Jenkins Oscar-worthy.
A smart, beautifully acted character drama.
The film becomes less about the suffering of immigrants who have never enjoyed the embrace of Ellis Island than the righteous indignation of a liberal intelligentsia raging against its own powerlessness.
The story of Vale's revitalization and his grief is compelling but simple, free of any sentimentality, and marked by powerful performances from Jenkins and Hiam Abbass, who plays Mouna Khalil, Tarek's mother.
The Visitor is a small film; it's also an incandescent one.
Definitely a film that marches to its own drumbeat.
The Visitor is best enjoyed as a chance to see some new faces, or old faces like Jenkins', doing new things.
The film works foremost as the experience of watching Richard Jenkins inhabit his role.
The script here is very strong.
[Richard Jenkins] gets the role of a lifetime in this powerful second film by writer-director Thomas McCarthy.
A wonderful human story, a beautifully directed and acted film of rare grace that just might renew your faith in life- and movies.
The Visitor is America working out the demons of Sept. 11, 2001. Director Thomas McCarthy brilliantly focuses on characters who love life despite the less savory circumstances surrounding them.
Richard Jenkins and "The Visitor" make lovely music together. It's a case of a veteran character actor slipping on a leading role like the most comfortable pair of pants in the world.
Thoroughly, refreshingly unique, a film that weaves a tight, timely tale that is equal parts heart-warming and wrenching.
not really a film you enjoy, per se. It's more like a feeling you get used to before finally accepting.
This gifted writer/director knows how to illuminate those moments in which people realize they have become essential to each other -- that each person's life has been gently changed by the other's presence.
McCarthy puts a mark on each film, identifying it as distinctly his own. A couple more like them, and he'll be knighted an auteur.
Small but sincere.
This is a film of our times -- paranoid, heartbroken, disillusioned -- and the rare recent American movie whose characters react the way actual people might.
These characters feel like they exist before the cameras roll and after the credits are done, and it is the audience who are the true visitors, inspired by just getting to spend some time with them.
The film addresses the timely issues of post-9/11 immigration and incarceration, but avoids polemics by keeping the focus solely on the human cost of our government's policies.
In The Visitor, Jenkins finally gets a starring role, and he makes the most of the opportunity with a brilliantly sustained performance that gives depth, resonance and spiritual transcendence to what starts out to be one of his stock characters.
The Visitor gives viewers a perceptive, deeply personal take on the timeless immigrant narrative, in which the most epic journey is finally one of self-discovery.
The Visitor is a delicate, human reminder of why independent films matter.
Both halves of the story ring true in their way, but they don't ring out in harmony.
Insightful drama shatters post-9/11 stereotypes.
Makes political points via a fascinating tale of an unlikely friendship between people of vastly different cultures.
Not a polemic, but a character-driven work, made all the more riveting by sensitive performances not only by Jenkins in his first leading role, but the entire cast.
All the main characters are inherently decent, and the humanity of their saga, which centers on illegal immigration, makes for a deeply moving film.
[Director Thomas McCarthy] demonstrates a delicate, irresistible touch when it comes to lonely, eccentric characters, but he widens his canvas with a small, resonant story that could be ripped from today's headlines.
Best movie I've seen so far this year? Hands down, it's Tom McCarthy's superb The Visitor, which turns Richard Jenkins, one of the best character actors in the business, into a full-fledged star.
Both director and cast exhibit the dedication of those who truly believe in the message at hand.
The movie is writer-director Tom McCarthy's follow-up to his 2003 debut, the well-liked The Station Agent, and it shares that film's offbeat, humanistic spirit.
McCarthy is so careful not to take a political stand that his film seems neutered by good intentions. In the spirit of squishy humanism, he soft-pedals a hard-hitting topic.
The Visitor tells of renewal through love. Its song is tinged with sadness, but stirring all the same.
Actor/director Tom McCarthy's follow up to his award-winning debut, The Station Agent, avoids any notion of a sophomore curse by being an even more polished effort than his debut.
Depicts the way a professor's closed-off heart is opened by music, friendship, and love; one of the most touching and impressive films of the year.
While elements of this are sad, at times even downright devastating, the film is ultimately a beating drum signaling the arrival of hope and inspiration.
Character actor Richard Jenkins gives a performance that is at once restrained and speaks volumes, a breakthrough to leading man status after decades of supporting roles.
Scores by expanding its scope beyond the hot-button issue of illegal immigration to encompass themes of friendship and breaking free of a stifling routine.
This is a small picture that explodes the boundaries of what size really means. Sometimes it's the smallest gesture that makes you feel most alive.
The curious thing about The Visitor is that even as it goes more or less where you think it will, it still manages to surprise you along the way.
The Visitor, featuring an award-caliber performance by Richard Jenkins as the prof, is a heartfelt human drama that sneaks up and floors you.
A polite, gentle drama about friendship and musical expression, "Visitor" dances slowly, but effectively, working its way to the heart.
The Visitor is a low-key, naturalistic, beautifully observed character study about the quiet angst of the buttoned-down soul.
Dull and depressing, The Visitor is leaden, lethargic and full of heavy-handed symbolism. The Statue of Liberty keeps popping up in the movie, which uses it like a cheap stage prop.
McCarthy unquestionably means well, but he's made one of those incredibly naive movies (like last fall''s Rendition) that give liberals -- Hollywood liberals especially -- a bad name.
Far too much of a mixed bag to be completely effective, but allows for some fun and unexpected moments and solid performances.
Jenkins does a great job with the material and Tom McCarthy's latest is quality work that deserves attention.
This audaciously issues-loaded indie drama works, improbably and entirely, on account of the marvelous, often familiar-looking, rarely starring character actor Richard Jenkins and his perfect performance as a stodgy, widowed economics professor.
This is a simple story of human drama that provides an incentive to spend a couple of hours in a movie theater during a spring that has not provided many such reasons.
Tom McCarthy's The Visitor, from his own screenplay, is nothing short of a triumph for 60-year-old character actor Richard Jenkins, in his first leading role in a feature film.
If McCarthy is the divinity of the universe he creates, its patron saint is Frank Capra ... The primordial truth about Capra's and McCarthy's characters is that if you scratch beneath the surface, just about everyone is decent.
The Visitor's allusions to our f----up state-of-affairs feel like gratuitous background noise.
A marvelous film, small in expense but big in stature.
Focused entirely on these people and how the unplanned relationships affect their lives.
Finally an effective, timely and enjoyable political melodrama that contests stereotypes and centers on culture collision between Americans and Muslims, with tour de force, Oscar-caliber turn from Richard Jenkins as the emotionally sheltered professor.
Much more interested in its interpersonal relationships than it is in climbing a soapbox and preaching to the choir.
...rife with compelling figures that ultimately sustain the viewer's interest even through a few less-than-subtle moments.
Actor-turned-filmmaker Tom McCarthy demonstrates that the critical acclaim for The Station Agent in 2003 was no fluke.
The performances are very strong and the film is very well-written.
A film that is a combination immigrant/resurrection tale, Visitor tilts toward the soulful rather than the political and could be this year's humanistic indie hit.



@highlight

The Visitor is a heartfelt, humanistic drama that deftly explores identity, immigration, and other major post-9/11 issues.