It's hard to get past the feeling that there had to be a better movie there.
You walk away from War Machine with more questions than answers, unfortunately.
Though the real-life events of McChrystal and his team are ripe for satire, War Machine gets too caught up in the fog of war to give its audience anything to latch onto.
Brad Pitt isn't particularly very good in War Machine, delivering a performance so far into cartoonish military caricature that it's tough to buy into the absurdist humor and satire being leveled at the whole disaster of the Afghanistan war
...the military satire contains solid acting performances even as it misses on some levels.
Don't be surprised to hear about award nominations on this one, and make sure to add it to your watch-list as soon as it's out.
Brad Pitt's Netflix movie, War Machine, probably didn't play out as well as anyone hoped.
[BRad Pitt] isn't convincing as a squinty caricature in this satire of war and politics.
The general would be a great character in a film that deserved him.
This ensemble of boys and men is War Machine's greatest strength, providing tight-knit comic timing.
Like the war itself, the film is all over the place, with scenes darting between action filmmaking, comedy and drama.
Pitt's ridiculous, wildly over-the-top performance somehow keeps it all together.
From weak message delivery to Brad Pitt's awkward performance to the annoying narration, War Machine fails on multiple levels.
Unfortunately, War Machine is too busy figuring out how to say what it wants to say that it can't really offer any answers, just more questions that have more to do with the film's own failure than with the war it's trying to portray.
great on paper and noble in intention, but not quite fit for the task at hand
War Machine is a failure, but could perhaps have been a great film if it had tried a little harder to pick a tone.
The real problem is that, in (presumably) trying to be ambiguous and complicated, the film ends up without any perspective at all on its main character.
A film showing the futility of the war machine in the most "powerful" country in the world and the ineffectiveness of its training in Iraq and Afghanistan. [Full review in Spanish]
The film's tone registers somewhere between Steven Soderbergh's The Informant! and Alexander Payne's droll sensibilities.
It's funny and sad and weary and wise, which feels just about right for now.
A messy, troubling and strangely enjoyable film.
A strong cast, including Topher Grace, Anthony Michael Hall, Alan Ruck, Ben Kingsley, Meg Tilley and Scoot McNairy round out the impressive ensemble and help this satire land its blows.
It's sort of fascinating to watch Pitt aim for something close to George C. Scott's hyper-confident Gen. Buck Turgidson from the Stanley Kubrick 1964 Cold War classic "Dr. Strangelove.
The absolute absence of intimacy, of psychology, of characters' self-revelation in thought and desire, is a failure of form and style as much as of content.
(Michôd) doesn't seem to know the first rule of screenwriting; show, don't tell.
One of the craziest things you'll see on a screen-any kind of screen-this year. War Machine has its flaws but, long before the closing credits roll, you're likely to surrender to its bizarre charms.
It functions in dual roles as both a great piece of entertainment as well as a message movie with perceptive and powerful political insights.
Misses as much as it hits, which, considering the talent involved, feels like a missed opportunity.
There's a benefit to [the] light touch, as it keeps the movie from being consumed by self-seriousness, but by making McMahon the jokey center of the film, Michôd seems to let the D.C. establishment [off] the hook.
Michod wisely resists the urge to heighten the goofiness or the darkly psychological; he lets the absurdity of everyday White House politics speak for itself.
...doesn't know what kind of movie it wants to be, nor what sort of performance it wants Pitt to give.
Clashing takes on the same premise never coalesce, but the larger-than-life performance by Pitt is still a keystone.
There's satire here, or a lazy attempt at it, but the targets are scattershot and the jokes not particularly insightful or funny.
A confused comedy that wastes the promise of its premise. And Brad Pitt's performance, sadly, belongs in a different film entirely.
War Machine is a good film but not a great one, hamstrung by too many ideas and too little focus
Brad Pitt pushes the role of a rogue general too far into caricature and defangs the film by forgetting that world leaders and policy wonks don't mean a thing if they're not flesh and blood.
Perhaps it's a case of honoring the literary source material too much, as War Machine fundamentally fails as compelling cinema. It's not smart enough to be a think piece and not visceral enough to evoke anger.
A muddled satire about the war in Afghanistan awkwardly forced to camouflage its lead character behind a pseudonym.
A film that veers wildly from war movie to character drama to satire to history piece to a blended gray of nothing.
I wouldn't be surprised if some observers say Pitt made huge miscalculations in his acting choices with the result being the worst performance of his career - but I found it to be a brazenly effective piece of work, well-suited to the material.
It's broad (sometimes cartoonishly so) and a bit all over the place, but it still manages to occasionally sting and leave a welt.
An uneven satire boosted by a larger-than-life performance from Brad Pitt.
Brad Pitt stars as the deluded but determined four-star US army general Glen McMahon in this satire on the late days of the war in Afghanistan.
Pitt's oddly jokey performance as General Glen McMahon tends to overwhelm everything going on around him. That's too bad, because this anti-war satire has barbs a'plenty for pride, ignorance and the American can-do spirit.
No actor plays dimwits quite like Brad Pitt. And they aren't just regular old dimwits: They're the sort of bafflingly idiotic, all-star dimwits you couldn't picture using a spoon properly, let alone solving that pesky Middle East crisis.
For all its biting political satire, and cogent military analysis, War Machine is an antiwar movie that is profoundly pro-warrior.
If, however, you're looking for insight you might be better off watching Dr. Strangelove again.
War Machine is certainly worth seeing, but it doesn't score the direct hit I was hoping for. It's too bad that a handful of flaws work against the film's complete success.
In the Trump era, the dysfunction of the modern military machine feels quaint.
It's too bad it's not a better film.
A fantastically dreary and flatulent anti-war satire, adapted from a nonfiction book by Michael Hastings.
Brad Pitt's the only straight-shooter, the only thing that consistently kills in the wobbly, well-intentioned "War Machine," which is what you'd call "theoretically funny."
At its best, "War Machine" crackles with irreverent wit, even if American political craziness circa 2009 looks tame compared with the 2017 version.
It feels like Pitt is in a different movie than everyone else -- probably because he's giving a character actor's performance in the lead role, where everyone else (save Kingsley, who is cartoonish) seems to be playing their parts with a straight face.
Examples of absurdly misguided thinking--on the part of the U.S. military and the government--stack up quickly, and Michôd tracks it all with a sly wink.
Pitt's always at his best when he throws off the too-serious mantle of Romantic Hero, and he seems to be having a ball here. Too bad the screenplay seems to lose interest in him halfway through.
An assured, nervy black satire on America's involvement in Afghanistan and on one particular soldier, commander of U.S. forces and four-star Gen. Glen McMahon, a.k.a. Big Glen or the Glenimal.
Feebly scripted, barely structured, it tells us nothing about why the US Afghan adventure went wrong (if we agree it did).
Has the look of a major, awards-friendly feature film, but the execution of a botched studio cast-off.
The tone of War Machine is overwhelmingly smug ... but the film is short on specific targets and its reading of the state of modern war is as dry as sand.
In his campiest role, Brad Pitt gets right into the character of the man playing General Stanley McChrystal.
That War Machine is not a better movie is particularly unfortunate given how well-timed it is.
War Machine is all about the waste of war, and while it's not taking a hard stance either way, Pitt's entourage makes for a watchable modern look into conflict.
Worth a look if you're feeling both adventurous and patient.
It appears to focus on an massive subject, only to reveal a much more understated approach; the general may think he's fixated on the glories of the battlefield, but he's actually a victim of the hapless, protean system sustaining its existence.
Though comedy/satire is not his strong suit, Michod succeeds with the action scenes, or formal official banquets sequences.
At once a cagey character study, political commentary, offbeat war pic and idiosyncratic black comedy, with little of the expected signposting associated with any of those kinds of films.
This might not be the classic modern military satire that we needed, but it is a start -- and an unflinching one at that.
Brad Pitt nails it as a four-star general out to win an unwinnable war in this savage, often hilarious but tonally uneven satire skewed at thinking adults.
Writer-director David Michôd's film renders existential crises of American entitlement dull and tedious.
Slyly satirical, it's the first big-budget, day-and-date theatrical release that you can stay home and see.
Should be equally very funny and maddening for pro-Obama and anti-Obama audiences, pro-war and anti-war audiences. War Machine is about the global machinations of work and how stop-and-start and counterproductive so many of our occupations have become.
Shapeless, astonishingly flat, and spectacularly ill-conceived, "War Machine" is the painful kind of satire that's neither funny nor incisive.
What's most dispiriting about War Machine is that you can sense the satire it wants to be - and could have been - but never becomes.
War Machine never feels like a mess, more an oddity; it might not say much that is new but it often says it in a way that hits home.
That it's funny, incisive, effective in its satire AND true to its source material is damn near a miracle.
After a rough start and an unsure handle on what kind of comedy it wants to be, this Afghanistan war satire says what few have been willing to say.
Not funny enough to be satire, not realistic enough to count as political commentary, not exciting enough to work as a war movie, David Michôd's supposedly Helleresque romp ... is an imperfect non-storm of unsuccess.
What follows is meant to function as a feature-length dressing-down of a self-important general, but someone has pulled "War Machine's" teeth, assuming the movie ever had them to begin with.
This material seems better suited to moral satirists like the Coens, people who can simultaneously respect McMahon's ideals and rue his actions.
"Though funny and pointed, War Machine is at its best when it drops the satire for more punchy drama."
War Machine has trouble maintaining a steady tone, but its climactic, sobering assault ultimately hits the target.
Netflix's first, genuine, studio-level effort. A strong way to kick off their new run of films.

@highlight

War Machine 's uneven execution keeps its fact-based story from cleanly hitting its targets, but those flaws are frequently offset by sharp wit and solid acting.