Sally Field is remarkable as the star of Hello, My Name is Doris.
Doris may be a bit clueless, but the movie doesn't deny [Sally] Field her sexuality.
... a surprisingly sentimental and sweet film about an older woman coming of age post-middle age.
[Doris] may initially be more pathetic than the feistier women of a certain age recently played by Lily Tomlin (Grandma) and Blythe Danner (I'll See You in My Dreams), but her success at reshaping her life is no less pleasurable to watch.
[Hello, My Name is Doris] helps us to appreciate the kind of beauty that doesn't fade away.
[Hello, My Name is Doris] is a largely unfunny movie about a sad sack woman.
What starts out as Harold and Maude by way of Marvin's Room ends like a John Hughes tale with an ever-so-slightly older heroine.
"Hello, My Name Is Doris" is a story about not wanting to be forgotten, or even deemed unessential. It stars Sally Field at her most Sally Field: gently neurotic, goofy, adorable and heartbreaking.
There's something badly off-kilter when a two-time Oscar winner turns up in a film so confused and worse, so condescending - not only to Sally Field but to all women in her age range - that you can't quite figure out how it got made, let alone why.
It's an unconventional movie that's captivating, powerful, and entertaining down to its very last moments.
A playful, compassionate film, with a winning turn from Field.
Hello My Name is Doris is a modest little comedy-drama that is beautifully cast. It's all about Sally Field and Max Greenfield. And trusting your instincts.
Never feels less than sweet and sensitive.
This film is obviously a showcase for the considerable talents of Sally Field, 70, but it's also funny, and there are some other interesting characters besides Doris. an "old maid" who wants a lot more out of her life than she's been getting.
Thanks to Field's ability to give data entry clerk Doris Miller a consistent sense of dignity, it's easy to cheer for a character who'd be an eccentric or even annoying supporting character in other films.
For Field, Doris may just herald a career rebirth.
For Sally Fields fans, her presence should be enough to make this slight film bearable.
Showalter navigating things in such a way that he's able to pay off early jokes in a way that feels cathartic and genuine, yet is still humorous, while also allowing for an aura of jovial possibility that's positively joyous.
An puzzling tragic comedy. Sometimes it can be really humane and sometimes it's just irritating. [Full review in Spanish]
A fun movie about loneliness, wasted time, holding onto things and the differences between generations. [Full review in Spanish]
A warm, heart-tugging drama laced with amusing situations that Sally Field and Max Greenfield play to the hilt.
This role is so perfect for Field -- she's famous for her ability to personify earnest gawkiness.
Not into complying with whatever stereotypical scraps are allotted to older actresses in movies, Field embraces her character with geriatric gusto. Displaying elder empowerment with eccentric charm and bold sexual desire - however freaky or fantastical.
Cannily written and directed by Michael Showalter (Wet Hot American Summer), so that an air of whimsical hope and discovery never quite comes unstuck at the hands of embarrassment and recrimination.
...worth watching for Sally Field alone.
A small vehicle, simple and altruistic, but it rises to joyous consistency because Field grips us with her dependable blend of quirks for nearly every frame she occupies space.
Hello, My Name is Doris suffers from the loss of credibility at the end.
... thanks to Sally Field's sweet mix of drama and comedy, Hello, My Name is Doris is more than Pretty Woman on hormone replacement therapy, it strikes a universal note by exploring fear.
A sharp dramedy focusing on the romantic stirrings of a lonely office worker, played with considerable wit and verve by the 69-year-old Sally Field.
The best thing about Hello, My Name Is Doris is that nothing gets resolved in the expected movie fashion. The story will make you laugh, no question, but it will also make you deeply uncomfortable, and we mean that in the best way.
Field and director Michael Showalter (who also co-writes, with Laura Terruso) find humanity within the humour.
The familiarity of its humour would be easier to forgive if its narrative ambitions weren't equally recognizable.
Director and co-writer Michael Showalter's script, especially in scenes about Doris's hoarding and the way her family relates to it, is slack, and the ending's a bit too pat. Still, it's fun to watch great actors do their thing.
Sally Field and the rest do a surprisingly good job here of playing people who have never existed on this planet, and probably never will. Unfortunately, Hello, My Name Is Doris is not a sci-fi movie.
It manages to be both funny and endearing because Field knows to play both the external comedy and the internal drama.
A charming ugly duckling story with some surprising and very welcome turns.
A sleeper for senior citizens, this year's "Best Exotic Marigold Hotel."
You'll have a (Sally) Field day with Doris.
It's a feel-good movie you won't feel guilty for enjoying, or even loving.
Film works very hard to have her make sense [but] the more comedic flares and backstory details. . .the less she jells. . .Her arc isn't completely convincing.
An engaging, empathetic - if confusing - character study.
There is a lot of laughter and a lot of pathos in Hello, My Name Is Doris. Sally Field delivers one of the finest performances of her career.
... fails to balance exaggerated gags about an old woman straining to be hip and cool but who's hopelessly out of touch, with a more poignant tale of redemption.
Sally Field outclasses some pretty waxy and unfocused material in Hello, My Name is Doris.
The film is much like its title character: Its colorful cutesy-pie surface camouflages a dark interior.
Sally Field gives a fabulous performance in quirky romcom.
It's always good to see Field on the screen and she does a fine job with the performance. (Full Content Review for Parents - Sexual Content, Profanity, etc. - Also Available)
Field is at the top of her game, and you will cringe, worry, fear and cheer for Doris.
A affecting comedy that opens our hearts and minds to the plight of the lonely.
his is a story of an elderly person coming out of her shell and re-engaging with the world, and we've seen enough stories like that done better that we really don't need Hello, My Name Is Doris.
Hello, My Name Is Doris is aimed at an older audience, but Field's performance has so much youthful energy that it ends up being a broader story of the first buds of love that, like Doris, would be acceptable and entertaining with any crowd.
Amid all the darkness in our world, Hello, My Name is Doris is a simple, delightful little human comedy. You know, like life itself.
Fields -- in nearly every scene -- savors the material and runs with it.
The movie is a bumpy ride at times, but, like Doris, it has its heart in the right place.
Field delivers an artfully measured performance as Doris, first lulling us into believing she'll settle into a goofy stereotype, then stirring up subtle qualities to create a character who is alternately funny and tragic, chipper and anguished.
I'm not sure what this is, beyond a tiresome oddity for the viewer and a career low for its star. Something tells me the most sensible way to deal with Doris is simply not to say hello in the first place.
What could have been 90 minutes of cringe-inducing comedy and debatable drama is instead a work of wit, delicacy and warm humanity.
It's probably too early to talk Oscar nominations, but when you're as good as Sally Field is in "Hello, My Name Is Doris," it doesn't seem premature at all.
A likable actress, Field bravely makes Doris a challenge to like. And against all likelihood, we're captivated.
Field's charm rises to the top, turning Doris' many neuroses into a fully realized and tenderly sympathetic character.
A winning comedy-drama built around one of cinema's most endearing leading ladies.
[Field gives] a beautiful performance, and it's hard to imagine anyone else being able to pull off the role.
I hope Showalter never abandons the caustic, absurdist satire he's known for, but "Hello My Name is Doris" is an empathetic and satisfying step in a new direction for him.
There are a lot of things that could have gone wrong with this material, but Hello, My Name Is Doris avoids all of the possible pitfalls.
Showalter, whose 2005 romantic comedy "The Baxter" was similarly kindhearted, handles the material with tenderness and care, and never lets it devolve into meanness the way it might in the hands of another director.
A running joke about hipster clichés is tiresome, and the movie's plot threads are uneven. But watching Field work her magic is so delightful.
Alternately sweet and kind of creepy...an invitation you might want to skip.
Thank you, Michael Showalter, for giving Sally Field a role that shows us what it means to fully inhabit a character to illuminate the world.
Field does a good job of making Doris feel like a person, and manages to finish with grace even as all around her crumbles and stumbles.
After more than a decade doing TV, writer-director Michael Showalter returns with another of his wacky but endearingly sweet rom-coms.
...a film that reminds us of the limitations of snap judgements.
After mugging us for laughs with grotesque close-ups of her bewildered, disgruntled, or near-orgasmic expressions, Field next tries to touch our hearts with her pitifulness. Stay away, crazy woman!
Thanks to Field's incredible versatility and director Michael Showalter's long comedy resume, Doris is always at the center of the joke, but never the butt of it.
If you've ever been hopelessly in love - and who among us hasn't? - you'll likely recognize some part of yourself in the unrealistic but upbeat Doris.
This wonderful, silly old fool doesn't need your pity, doesn't require your sympathy. Once she gets under your skin, you understand her completely. And you like her. You really like her.
Though the subplot of Doris' hoarding jumps between hilarious and depressing too jarringly at times, Field nails the anxiety of an overwhelmed senior when a single pencil is moved from its usual place.
Doris may be a convenient cinematic conceit, but Field gives her real juice, moving from a timid wraith to someone who realizes to her amazement that she might be lovable.
A weirdly off-plumb little movie, one that manages to be condescending and compassionate, knowing and blinkered, reassuring and unsettling all at the same time.
Occasional bouts of naughty words aside, this retirement-age comedy is essentially unoffensive, at times touching, and mostly lukewarm.
"Hello, My Name Is Doris" is at times self-consciously quirky and precious and implausible - and Sally Field is so good in it that those complaints seem pointless.
Field, carrying the movie on her shoulders and handing it to us for our approval, makes us root for wistful Doris. Single-handedly, she makes the movie work.
Like its blessedly quirky, heart-on-her-sleeve, one-of-a-kind title character, "Hello, My Name Is Doris" is beautiful and irreplaceable just as it is.
Unlikely as it may be, the relationship begins to seem as plausible to us as to the willfully optimistic Doris, which is a testament to the performers transcending the script's default mode of condescension.
Outrageously funny and captivating, but ultimately undercooked. Sally Field knocks it out of the ballpark with one of the best performances of her career.
Sally Field triumphs in her first full-bodied leading role in a film in years. 'Doris' skillfully walks the line between broad comedy and emotional drama, never missing a beat.
Field proves more than capable of delivering Showalter-level goofiness while giving the film its heart.
If this film had come out near the end of the year, I think that Field would be up for another Oscar (R). What she conveys in her eyes and facial expressions are what make the film a grabber. I think you'll "really like her!"
Doris ...slightly uneven in tempo and tone... while Ms. Field remains at the top of her game and as likable as ever.
Watching Sally Field is one of the pleasures of going to the movies. 'Doris' doesn't always give her the material she deserves. But even when the film fails her, Field never fails to shine.
Some might dismiss this tale of a blooming wallflower as simply a manipulative twee fantasy. But for those of us who trust in Field, this film will have us at "Hello."
A brave little film that shows it's never too late to come of age.
We feel Doris' pain simply because Field is one of the most gifted actors working, capable of being flighty and nervy and deeply sad all at the same moment.
"Hello, My Name Is Doris" ... uses this funny, outwardly ridiculous character to tell a simple story about a love that rarely speaks its name, including in movies: that of an older woman for a much younger man.
Field keeps both hands firmly on the wheel as Doris, skillfully maneuvering through both the comedic and dramatic scenes like the two-time Oscar winner that she is.
At times, "Hello, My Name is Doris" can feel too real, too raw... but it demonstrates the power of decency, kindness, owning up to things, and confronting your own issues.
It's great to see a role for an older woman that doesn't require her to dispense pearls of wisdom or traverse the ravages of dementia - and that acknowledges that people in their 60s (and beyond) still have sex drives.
Sometimes we're clearly meant to laugh at Doris' clumsy efforts at flirtation and socialization, and at others, the director wants us to relate, or maybe even cry, but he can't have everything, which ultimately leaves us with nothing.
Showalter, who wrote the screenplay with Laura Terruso ... puts Doris in so many cringe-worthy situations you wonder if the writers even like this hapless Staten Island cat lady of a certain age.
Field can't make it all make sense, but she does make it diverting, even pleasurable.
Michael Showalter is content to trade They Came Together's mischievous genre deconstructionism for cheap-shot indie quirk.
Overall, this merry mash-up of AARP members and tech-savvy carefree hipsters is fun and entertaining in a determinedly non-groundbreaking way.
Hello, My Name Is Doris is a delightful slice of quirky romanticism, cooked up in a Williamsburg bakery that only uses locally sourced, holistically blessed ingredients.
It's not the Sally Field we expect, and though there are plenty of reasons to empathize with her blinkered protagonist, her fiercely committed turn doesn't sand down the rough edges.
Within the perky antics is bewildered rage at the prospect of aging, solitude, and irrelevance; the best thing about the film is that it has no answers.
Not unlike an older woman's wet dream.
As odd as it is enduring, Michael Showalter's Hello, My Name is Doris is a rare character-driven comedy that hinges upon the believability of its central relationship
"Hello, My Name is Doris" effectively conveys the cruel ambivalence of an ageist society, and despite its formulaic ingredients, the movie responds to that setback with Field's exuberant, virtuoso turn providing the ultimate critical response.
It's ultimately so upbeat, so hopeful, that to nitpick its story implausibilities or wish it had more weight would seem to be missing the point.
Hilarious from start to finish, Hello, My Name Is Doris is likely to be one of the funniest movies of 2015.
Michael Showalter's Hello, My Name Is Doris is a showcase for Field, reminding us that her comedic chops are just as impactful as her flair for the dramatic.
This is one of the warmest, most appealing films of the past few years, and although it's likely to be described with words like "unconventional" and "quirky," the thing it is most is authentic.
Not only does Ms. Field seem to bring out the best in her co-stars, but she still brightens the screen with every smile.
Sally Field shines in this dramedy about a sixtysomething office drone who falls for a younger co-worker.

@highlight

Hello, My Name Is Doris is immeasurably elevated by Sally Field's remarkable performance in the title role, which overpowers a surfeit of stereotypical indie quirk.