I wish the pieces of Harbaugh's domestic jigsaw fit more elegantly together. Sometimes, it seems as if he's tripping into scenes the way a person might stumble into a darkened room before turning on the light.
The film is a bit messy at times, but considering the circumstances on screen, that seems appropriate.
The story of Love After Love is one of grieving, and it's about that process in a specific, particularly sad sort of way.
Maybe the most damaging factor is that [director Russ] Harbaugh does nothing to establish that the paterfamilias, first seen in reasonably good health at a family gathering, is such an emotional touchstone to his wife and sons.
It's a film intentionally adrift, rambling between a loose succession of family gatherings and dinner parties with subdued style, the camera feeling like just another person at the edge of the room.
An unflinching portrait of how grief can unravel a tightknit family in ways both banal and heart-wrenching.
Challenging, unflinching and deeply honest.
Yet this movie, for all its laudable aspects, left me wanting for more, a personally frustrating turn of events to say the least.
Andie MacDowell [displays] one of the best performances of her career.
First-time director Russell Harbaugh presents grief as it is, in all its pain and ugliness, rather than using the convenient, uplifting short-hand that Hollywood prefers.
I found it a great masochistic experience.
The three leads are particularly strong, with MacDowell getting a rare, meaty role.
This first-time feature from writer/director Russell Harbaugh has an understated, intimate, pointillist style, with a cool jazz score that matches its improvisational tone.
Central to the film's vision of love and loss is a certain realism marked by unshowy performances, un-stagy mise-en-scène, and eye-level, frequently handheld camerawork.
Writer-director Russell Harbaugh's Love After Love is a remarkably cool-headed, composed piece of work.
Intimate, brittle tale of a family quietly spinning apart after the death of the patriarch.
This unflinching debut feature from Russ Harbaugh delivers something rarely seen in American movies: a warts-and-all examination of extended grief.
In its way, this small, handcrafted, and immaculately well-realized feature challenges the limited way that movies tend to depict loss.
You'll want to watch Love After Love because it's something different. It throws out traditional narrative storytelling and portrays itself as real. Andie MacDowell is great as usual.
Harbaugh, with his subtle approach, renders this trio likable. He knows just when to burrow the camera in for jittery effect and when to relent.
Rarely have I watched a movie, hated it with an intense malevolence for every person involved and, then, only then, found myself blinking through tears.
Strong in its resolve, lyrically composed and poetically captured, Love After Love reminds that death isn't an end or beginning for those left behind, but a moment that defines what happens next.
Andie MacDowell and Chris O'Dowd are superb as a mother and son coping with grief in Russell Harbaugh's intimate, insightful indie drama.
Elegant and unsentimental, this is a minor-key, wintry ensemble piece with an emotional hold that sneaks up on you.

@highlight

Love After Love examines the ways in which profound grief can affect a family's dynamic -- and refuses to settle for pat Hollywood answers, much to the viewer's benefit.