Quite frankly, it makes perfect sense that Employee Of The Month is a terrible comedy - there's no one funny involved.
Predictable, crude comedy aimed at teens.
This vapid, laugh-lite romp won't satisfy anyone. Except die-hard Jessica Simpson fans.
...there's ultimately very little here to appeal to even the most die-hard Cook fanatic.
So tossed-off and muddled it'll likely bore even the blue-collar male audience at which it's aimed.
It's predictable and formulaic, with some slapstick, visual and toilet humour that may not have you falling in the aisles, but amuses in an undemanding way.
Reasonably entertaining, though probably better as a DVD rental.
The latest in a long line of lowbrow slacker comedies of the Clerks persuasion, Employee Of The Month is funnier and smarter than most of its contemporaries.
saddest thing about this unpleasant, mirthless film is that it's photographed by Anthony Richmond.
A likeable cast is underused in this cut-price guy comedy with only the occasional laugh.
Basically, in the genre of workplace-based comedies, Employee of the Month is no Office Space, but it's nowhere near as bad as, say, Waiting, either. Watchable, but entirely forgettable.
Amy is little more than a pretty face, undermining the film's female appeal and leading one to wonder if Dukes of Hazzard eye candy Simpson is becoming a trifle typecast.
You're fired.
There's a great Office Space-style satire to be made about big-box stores screwing their working-poor employees, but Hollywood studios covet DVD rack space at those same stores.
There are people who think Cook is funny, but you won't find any evidence of that here.
Cook's creepy smirk is downright hypnotic. You keep staring at it, seeking to find the gears and flywheels beneath the flesh, but the harder you look, the less you see.
refuses to go beyond shallow observations and silly slapstick, making for an ordinary outing when that should not be the case
Keeps a smile on your face even though there are only a couple of actual laughs along the way.
Stocked with unfunny formula.
By virtue of its title alone, is it too much to expect "Employee of the Month" to be something special, perhaps a cut above your everyday comedy? Shouldn't the jokes make that extra effort, as well as the cast?
The problem lies with the bland bombshell at the center and the overall sense that the filmmakers keep missing obvious comic opportunities.
There's a crumb of an idea to setting a movie at a mega-mart that makes the Office Space cubicles look like executive suites, but the results in Employee of the Month are toothless.
Cook is the stand-up comic of the moment, although there's little in Employee of the Month to explain why he's currently one of the hottest names in comedy.
You have to hand it to filmmakers. They've recognized that not everybody who watches movies are millionaires.
It's a vanity project, and one that will be forgotten once the majority of MySpace users graduate high school.
It's fun but a little too homogenized for its own good, beocming more likea very expensive sitcom pilot.
This may be a silly comedy, but the affable character playedby Dane Cook makes it worthwhile viewing.
Carelessly moronic and dissolving. Overall, there doesn't seem to be much to the bargain-basement prices being brandied about in the staggeringly half-hearted Employee
The film's insipid, lazy humor sticks about as well as a wet, slippery noodle being tossed around for two hours.
Dax Shepard and Dane Cook elevate the relentlessly idiotic material that may mildly amuse only the most undemanding moviegoer.
Pink slip the Employee of the Month.
The essential comic premise is flawed. The idea that any woman, whether gorgeous or fugly, would give a d*** whether a prospective lover wins employee of the month is preposterous.
It does have some good laughs and ought to be especially relatable to those who actually do pull pranks and tell dirty jokes to pass the time at minimum-effort, minimum-wage jobs.
Head down, eye contact to a minimum, I repeated over and over to myself whenever Simpson was on screen: "Breasts, breasts, breasts, breasts..."
I liked the movie thanks largely to Dane Cook and Dax Shepard. These are funny guys who really know how to (no pun intended) sell the material. And I bought it.
The battle has begun: let the best man with a scan-gun win. Okay, you know that it's a completely silly premise, but that doesn't mean it's a terrible movie (Okay, it's not a great movie, either).
Rarely has an actress exuded such blank nothingness as Simpson, a one-woman vapid delivery system who sucks the energy and joy out of every scene she's in, like some freakishly well-endowed black hole.
Stand-up sensation Dane Cook's shot at the big time is an uninspired comedy that works better as a vehicle for his costar, Punk'd's Dax Shepard.
The aggrieved employee movie genre is one of the more puzzling fads of late, since it showcases every vile prejudice and low standard imaginable.
Employee of the Month, which finds its comedic apex in watching cashiers scanning purchases, is disposable filmmaking, with its shelf life already up.
This will never be the movie of the month, but you could do a lot worse at the multiplex.
In one of the dumbest plot hooks I've ever seen, it's rumored that Amy always gets the hots for whoever wins employee of the month at the stores where she works. (Yes, it's sad, but true.)
One can only imagine the smart, satirical spin that Mike Judge (Office Space) could have put on this run-of-the-mill comedy, which is surely destined for the 'reduced for quick sale' bin at Costco.
The question is will the old story work? If it's done well, sure, but not if it's too stupid or too full of cheap clichés, and fortunately, while it is close, it's not.
Employee of the Month is a stupid comedy. But it's not witless.
Attention, comedy shoppers: The marked-down movie Employee of the Month has more laughs than most of the name-brand products.
Just like a real job, Greg Coolidge's workplace comedy Employee of the Month offers long, slow stretches lightened by a few laughs and some oddball characters.
We never love Zack or hate Vince enough to care about the outcome, and Amy is one-dimensional enough that a blow-up doll could've taken Simpson's place.
The film is such humourless drivel it's depressing just to write about it.
Lest anyone mistake this for a Marxist tract, there are additional riffs on Mexicans, Puerto Ricans, fat people and the developmentally disabled.
it's simply too depressing that people sat in a boardroom, read this script and said, 'We're ready to go!'
For a movie about taking pride in your work, Employee of the Month is on a comedy coffee break.
Dumb, crude and surprisingly mean-spirited.
At 103 interminable minutes, Employee Of The Month affords far too much time to contemplate the abundant plot holes and inconsistencies.
First-time director Greg Coolidge packs his cast with quirky bit players, crisp physical humor that doesn't involve dented noggins and more than a few references that require you to think.
Even the title is not funny.
[Cook's] enthusiasm for speeding through a bulk-item megastore in a race to please his corporate masters might endear him, anecdotally, to Hollywood producers and executives, but it's sad and never very funny.
A surprisingly amusing -- albeit formulaic -- piece of fluff.
Coolidge knows he's making a slacker comedy, so he makes it as a slacker would: He doesn't try too hard for laughs, just enough to get by.
Cook serves up some tasty laughs but Employee of the Month feels processed.
You'll find 10-gallon drums of peanut butter and toilet paper by the case in the store. The only things that don't come in high volume are the laughs.
There once was a time not too long ago when Dane Cook was a luminous comedic talent. With Employee of the Month, it looks like that era is over.
It's benign and flaccid, like a neutered dog's penis.
I guess it also proves Simpson doesn't completely suck as an actress, but that doesn't mean I'm ready for her to start reading Shakespeare, either.
Simpson has the charisma and screen presence of a wet towel.
Directed by Greg Coolidge with the flair of a training video, Employee of the Month turns work into a game and love into a sporting event.
It doesn't take a lot to make me laugh, but Employee of the Month never got over my easy threshold.
Cook's usual persona is annoying, but with his volume turned down here, he's even more of a zero.
You're bound to have more fun working overtime than watching Employee of the Month.
Employee of the Month knows it has a flimsy premise but it simply doesn't care. It's an agreeable comedy that makes its priorities clear: It wants to be funny at the expense of almost everything else.
I never thought I would have a kind word to say about Wal-Mart, but it deserves better.
Mostly the film just rattles annoyingly along like a shopping cart with a jiggly wheel.
Employee of the Month had the opportunity to be a great satirical workplace comedy. Instead, it balked at the challenge and relegated itself to the romantic-comedy basement.
Before his transformation for the love of Amy, hero Zack's motto was 'Why bother trying?' That seems to have been the filmmakers' mantra, too...a bland, formulaic rehash.
This may be a just-for-fun comedy, but that shouldn't mean that it must entirely disconnect from the world.
Employee of the Month is a comedy as vacuous and tacky as the discount big-lot stores it imagines it is spoofing.
A sort of blue-collar Office Space that sends up the dreary world of working at a discount store.
Employee borrows Office Space's crushing-boredom-of-the-workplace vibe, but it's sunnier because these guys realize they don't hate their jobs as much as they thought.
The only two onscreen items with any star quality belong to Simpson, and they're barely contained in shirts that seem to be holding on for dear life.
Whatever that 'it' is that comic screen stars have, Cook doesn't have it. The timing isn't there, the sparkle, the Ryan Reynolds sneer. He's just bland.
Jessica Simpson, Dane Cook, Dax Shepard and colleagues will not be in the running for Hollywood's employee of the month for their new comedy.
Before Employee of the Month shoots itself in the foot with an immensely lame finale, the film does cash in with a few comedic bright spots.
Awful. If this doesn't kill Simpson and Cook's film careers, there is no God.
Frat boys and KKK members will surely love this.
Falters due to the weak central premise ... a lot of talent and potential wasted.
Pic's midsection, with the increasingly likable Zack threatening to overcome Vince's early lead, is unexpectedly funny and involving.
The wry, character-driven humor picks up enough momentum to carry it through to the checkout desk.
Relentlessly unfunny; Cook and Simpson have a chemistry similar to the combination of bleach and ammonia.




@highlight

Employee of the Month features mediocre performances, few laughs, and a lack of satiric bite.