New material is well blended with footage of the band in its prime, and even with a little too much of the latter-day psychodrama, this music-rich film ends on a high note.
A fascinating, sometimes achingly depressing ride through the potential glories and everyday indignities of a life struggling with the music business.
A must see for Fishbone fans.
It's a hearty, thoughtful, smartly assembled, vaguely complete documentary about a rock band that, even by the standards of out-there musical acts, seemed out there both in the mid-1980s and even now.
It's a movie about what it's like to almost make it in the music business, but not really, not quite. It's about coming close and watching it slip away.
To hear the soaring craziness of Fishbone's "Sunless Saturday" is to wonder how such musical inspiration could possibly miss.
It's a much more interesting story than your usual Behind the Music arc.
What makes this better than the usual Behind the Music-style doc is the frankness of its subjects and the fun way the filmmakers intersperse Fat Albert-style animation to tell their story.
Even as a hagiography, though, it's pretty interesting.
Anderson and Metzler collect dozens of great bits of rehearsal and performance footage as well as intimate footage between Moore and his family.
"Everyday Sunshine" presents a raw lesson in how artistry and success often make incompatible partners.
Everyday Sunshine is an uplifting entry that rises to its task rather than letting the music do all the talking.
[It] isn't the happiest movie about a band you'll ever see, but it is one of the more entertaining, and thanks to directors Lev Anderson and Christ Metzler, one of the most original.
The pinnacle comes when Kendall rejoins them for an impromptu gig, stirring hope for a return to glory.
Hold on to your hats for a heartwarming look into the private lives and public outrage of Fishbone, the critical mass that refuses to melt down.
Gets the job done, and admirably, blending interviews, testimonials, concert footage and, interestingly, animation to build a full and engaging portrait of Fishbone.
It seems telling just how many other musicians were willing to participate in the documentary to attest to the outfit's influence.
Everyday Sunshine doesn't do the band the disservice of falling at their feet in worship, like too many recent films about legendary musicians
The fun and energy of those performances show the promise that was lost - and the pleasure that's still in the music.
Terrific, deeply affecting rock documentary that captures the unlikely assemblage of a bunch of L.A. black guys playing the kind of music no one had ever really heard before.
It all comes together for a rollicking chronicle of verve and nerve.
Seizes that tumultuous spirit, that sheer history of Fishbone, rolling it into a tremendous, informative documentary that avoids tracking footprints, instead exposing the raw nerve sensitivity within this legendary band.
Sharp, insightful look at the ups and downs of one of L.A.'s most influential alternative bands.
The group's influence - attested to by members of No Doubt, the Peppers and Jane's Addiction, among many others - is indisputable.
Directors Chris Metzler and Lev Anderson seem to have considered several different approaches for their film and settled on all of them.
A truly wonderful experience.
Anderson and Metzler have assembled a formidable lineup of highly articulate talking heads to make the case for Fishbone's significance.
Filled with personal vignettes and famous-people testimonials, the film has a few too many narrative digressions, but it's a moving portrait of all-too-human personalities and the dogged optimism that keeps them going.
Effortlessly entertaining.
Its vibrant, unusual form is a function of its multiple approaches. While it includes interviews, family photos, and footage of the band's electrifying performances, it also features animated sequences and competing accounts of particular events.
Persistence for Fishbone hasn't (yet) resulted in something you'd call a happy ending. Yet maybe that's preferable. It means they're still playing, still writing, and they aren't ready to quit.
Everyday Sunshine pours in beams from the screen in what should be a fun experience for both fans and non-fans.
There's just enough uncut truth and soul in Fishbone's story to keep die-hard Boneheads skankin' to the beat, even if it's just for nostalgia's sake.
Packed with fantastic performance footage, it solidly makes the case that, throughout the '80s and early '90s, Fishbone was one of rock's best live acts ever -- furiously energetic, innovative, leaping multiple genres in a single song.
Dynamic elements lend the film an intoxicating, electric vibe that sets it apart from most "behind the scenes" documentaries.
Many bands have a might-have-been story, but few have a story that reflects such rich and paradoxical ideas.
Like their subjects, the directors themselves have attempted an all-over-the-place style--and surprisingly succeeded.
Some fascinating music history and watching Angelo's amazing antics add up to a very engaging audience experience.
The music will not appeal to all, but the documentary moves and covers the material.
Desperately seeking the key of we
A wonderful celebration of Fishbone's spirit. It's one of the best rock docs I've ever seen.
Those of us lucky enough to have seen the punk, funk and ska band in a sweaty nightclub might have borrowed a different title: "Party at Ground Zero."
It's not just the story of Fishbone--it's the story of creating art, living with oneself, living with others, and moving on with things.
Aspires to be more than an episode of Behind the Music and succeeds largely due to the amazing talent of the band it chronicles, the stunning, one-and-only Fishbone.
Makes a convincing case for Fishbone as underrecognized pioneers of a multicultural mash-up esthetic...

@highlight

Everyday Sunshine: The Story of Fishbone is an entertaining, heartwarming, and balanced documentary about the influential Los Angeles band.