Considering Elbe's legacy and her importance to trans history, there's something a little strange and uncomfortable about watching The Danish Girl.
The Danish Girl is a movie for people in this day and age that need everything spoon-fed to them safe and clean, without room to do anything daring or bold
The Danish Girl oversimplifies Lili's transition. If all she craves are the trappings of femininity, she is missing more than a second x-chromosome. Vikander's complex portrayal of Gerda reveals much more about the essence of being a woman.
You wish the film was less conventional in its approach, but it delivers so much that you can barely complain.
If Redmayne's performance as Einar/Lili is all artifice and mannerisms, Vikander's turn as Gerda is an understated, naturalistic delight.
it walks an uncertain line between transvestitism and transgender, often seeming to imply that the two exist on a continuum. Its appeal may be limited to those who have read Lili's diaries.
The Danish Girl is imperfect and sometimes cloying, but in its own way beautiful and honest. Its message is that everyone should have the right and courage to fight for their happiness.
[Eddie Redmayne and Alecia Vikander] give The Danish Girl its heart and soul.
Lili, in turn, deserves better than the pretty, pastel treatment [Tom] Hooper has applied to her life.
But that's where my praise stops, because while The Danish Girl is a really pretty romantic tragedy, that is all it is.
The Danish Girl might have been more revelatory 15 years ago, but if it's met with more informed, discerning eyes today, all the better. It certainly won't be viewers' first glimpse at a transgender story, nor their last.
Although marketed as a supposedly progressive film about an important topic, it is, at times, almost unforgivably inaccurate. In addition to this, it is easily one of the most excruciatingly dull films I have seen all year.
The film is good-looking throughout, decently written and clearly capable of moving audiences.
Although handsomely made and admirably performed, The Danish Girl doesn't quite become the emotionally powerfully and socially important picture it clearly hoped to be.
A story of self-acceptance and discovery that transcends its historical inaccuracies and allows it to ascend to a level of magnetic emotional resonance.
[Redmayne] emanates an emotional urgency in Lili with a potent mix of confusion, pain and longing that oozes from his every mannerism.
Vikander's performance in the role is both flawless and inspirational. Just give her the Oscar now.
A somewhat pedestrian and heavily sanitized take on an incredibly interesting, unconventional relationship.
The film elects to make both characters so very much less interesting than their real-life counterparts.
The insistence on beauty and perfection and picture-perfect locations is an end unto itself, rather than adding any depth to a narrative that sorely needs it.
Tom Hooper presents a pretty picture and repeats the same theme over and over. Redmayne kind of does the same thing as well, so the film falls squarely on Vikander's shoulders.
It's a story that cries out for both parties to express a gamut of colours, but Hooper opts for nothing more chaotic than resignation, followed by love and acceptance, all dressed up by a selection of costumes and period architecture.
Based on a novel, not a biography, is aimed at a mainstream arthouse audience... as an extraordinary love story, not a polemic on sexual politics. Read that way, it is a triumphant success.
The Danish Girl is the cinematic equivalent of a half-hearted shrug, the movie version of a really long sigh.
Being cisgender doesn't disqualify you from making a movie about transgender subjects, but maybe being incompetent should.
Although Tom Hooper's film is ostensibly about Lili Elbe (nee Einar Wegener), it's Alicia Vikander as Elbe's spouse Gerda whose star rises ever higher here.
Vikander ... brings real empathy to her role as Gerda -- a woman who supports Lili through her traumatic and painful journey.
Vikander is just as captivating - if not more - as an incredibly loyal and devoted wife who is forced to watch the husband that she knew transform and slowly slip away from her grasp, which comes with its own emotions and challenges.
Vikander is excellent, Redmayne is tremendous and Hooper does a great job harnessing the performers to get to the emotional truth of the story.
"The Danish Girl" fails to give its full potential, but it is good enough to recommend it with confidence. [Full review in Spanish]
Because of the simplicity with which The Danish Girl treats such a controversial subject matter, the movie feels like a wasted opportunity to portray a character the deserves admiration for their courage. [Full Review in Spanish]
Loved The Danish Girl. I hated Lili...
Both Eddie Redmayne and Alicia Vikander shine on their own, but their interaction and relationship on screen is the real enjoyment for the audience. [Full Review in Spanish]
Tom Hooper still doesn't show any sign of evolution as a director. [Full review in Portuguese.]
It's commendable that Hooper (The King's Speech) has brought Einar Wegener to a multiplex near you... But this restrained, elegant drama seems at odds with its pioneering subject.
[An] earnestly told, splendidly visualized film that could please the masses but will likely electrify few.
The Danish Girl is a tale that, however delicate, humane and elegant, is also excessively hackeneyed and ends up boring an audience that looks for more. [Full Review in Spanish]
It's a subject that isn't often explored in mainstream cinema and so hopefully this film makes, at the very least, a small difference.
Helped considerably by Vikander's strong playing and a lovely turn by Belgian actor Matthias Schoenaerts (late of the remake of Far From The Madding Crowd) as Einar's old friend Hans Axgil, this nevertheless hangs upon Redmayne.
Vikander delves beneath the surface to explore a truly fascinating woman. And Redmayne is simply wonderful, totally convincing both as Einar and as the "Danish girl" of the film's title.
I wish the filmmakers had dwelled in the strange nature of Gerda and Lili's sexuality as they came to understand it together. Instead, it devolves into something a lot more sentimental and easy.
Numbing translation to film of a vital drama about the first transexual in history. [Full Review in Spanish]
The acting is what makes this film.
That we never really glean who "the Danish girl" is is quite fitting since the filmmakers also haven't the slightest idea who their characters really are.
The film's story is unique and brave and the two commanding performances give it a gripping emotional weight that is very affecting.
Fresh-faced British actor Eddie Redmayne here provides another sterling example of just how deeply he can immerse himself into a role.
Eddie Redmayne's performance as Einar Wegener, 'The Danish Girl,' is revealing, heartbreaking and believable.
It's hard to imagine a world where Eddie Redmayne won't nab the Best Actor gong for the second year running.
There are few times a film has left me speechless... [Full review in Spanish]
The problem with The Danish Girl is the same problem with most movies directed by Tom Hooper: It's directed by Tom Hooper.
The wonderfully nuanced and totally believable performances of Redmayne and Vikander are sometimes smothered by the unnecessarily conservative approach in play here.
...something one can cite to advertise one's taste.
It should be thrilling and exciting, brutal with the subtext and courage. But no, Tom Hooper is boring. [Full review in Spanish]
A perfectly well executed period drama that anyone can enjoy. [Full review in Spanish]
The worst kind of Oscar-bat. [Full review in Spanish]
Redmayne applies lippy, dresses in 1920s women's clothes and performs surely the most tastefully executed mangina so far in cinema history - not a highly competitive field, but progress of a kind.
Its a intelligent take on a dificult subject, with great production values and performances that are almost perfect. [Full review in Spanish]
In spite of the script being a little repetitive, the main reason to go see this is the performances by Eddie Redmayne and Alicia Vikander. [Full review in Spanish]
Yes, it's full of tears and drama, but it's carefully crafted with detail and a lot of sensibility. [Full review in Spanish]
Eddie Redmayne shows a more subtle and delicate control over his performance than director Tom Hooper. [Full review in Spanish]
A film with a lot of form but lacking substance. [Full review in Spanish]
The Danish Girl stands out more for the performances by Redmayne and Alicia Vikander and the topical issue it portrays that by showcasing some innovation in its approach. [Full review in Spanish]
I surprised myself how easily the film seduced me into its world, despite the setting being at odds with the cast and their voices
There is much to say about this film with its sensitive subject matter, extraordinary performances and portrayal of exquisite beauty - cinematically and emotionally. It's one of the best of the year - any year
An optimist film even though it's a little unbalanced at times and never really goes into character depth. [Full review in Spanish]
Tom Hooper surrounded himself with talented people to make a round, rich and enjoyable film. [Full review in Spanish]
A failed biopic that never really captures the true importance of the story by not going deeper. [Full review in Spanish]
Someone has to be first
The powerful performances by Redmayne and Vikander get the message of solidarity with the transgender community across very clearly. [Full review in Spanish]
Safe, conventional, and not particularly sympathetic to women, cis or trans. Mistakes the external signifiers of femininity with actually being a woman.
The script does not allow for a solid tale and it easily falls into melodrama and becomes saccharine. [Full Review in Spanish]
Redmayne is uncanny in his dual role, especially in those moments between his gender extremes, when Einar is curious about women, what they wear, how they move.
The acting performances in the film by Redmayne and Vikander are great. The film itself is good, but not great, like so many Oscar-bait movies. It tries a little too hard to be safe and inoffensive.
In The Danish Girl, Alicia Vikander reminds us she's great in everything, while Eddie Redmayne reminds us he's just in everything.
Beautifully done. If it was 2015, Einar would have been classified as an "autogynephilic transsexual."
Takes no artistic risks whatsoever.
Let's try to move on from Star Wars if we can ... and instead talk about Eddie Redmayne's er... new hope for Oscar success.
Director Tom Hooper deploys the same style he used in The King's Speech for this much darker story about the first man to undergo gender-reassignment surgery.
The movie is barely tolerable due to Alicia Vikander's excellent performance, made great even without disguises and transformations, making her more interesting than anything else in the movie. [Full review in Spanish]
Redmayne's fine bone-china features are prime movers in all of this being convincing but so is his performance, reticent, vulnerable and acutely observed.
Hooper's delicate and decorous film is virtually sustained by the magnetism of Eddie Redmayne's lead performance.
At times, it's hard not to remember poor Z-budget auteur Ed Wood, pleading to caress his girlfriend's angora sweater in 'Glen or Glenda,' an equally earnest yet bolder and in fact artier plea for liberation...
It's a laboured, glossy affair in which the complexity and challenge of Lili's process of becoming are buried under a glaze of sumptuous design and arch acting.
Eddie Redmayne makes another astounding transformation in The Danish Girl, after his Oscar-winning turn as Stephen Hawking.
Great performances aside -- and Redmayne really is stunning as Lili, without ever resorting to caricature -- The Danish Girl often feels too simplistic.
It's OK. It's probably passable, if you've got two hours to kill. But it's repetitive, excessively polite and also, given the subject matter, surprisingly dull.
For all its apparent earnestness, it's hard to shake the feeling that too many of the sharp edges have been shorn from this gut-wrenching story.
Tom Hooper transforms this story into the most gorgeous and accessible film that you could make given the subject.
It's an intriguing, sumptuous-looking affair, distinguished by some strong performances, yet never really gets under the skin of its subject.
The Danish Girl has charm, but not quite passion.
We have all the humanity necessary to appreciate The Danish Girl, but there are other human factors that might have made me feel something beyond appreciating the art of this beautiful film.
We can wait for better movies about trans people, but some are available right now, like Xavier Dolan's... Laurence Anyways and Sean Baker's raucous comedy Tangerine... The Danish Girl is watered down for a mainstream audience.
Redmayne and Vikander, along with the film's dusky flourishes, allow The Danish Girl to reach beyond the awards it was designed to win.
While admirably spotlighting Lili's bravery, the film does develop a faint whiff of well-dressed earnestness. A little less decorum wouldn't have hurt - and would have made it a whole lot more fun.
The Danish Girl might as well be called The Oscar Bait Movie ... but Alicia Vikander is the only person here who's worthy of award attention.
Beautifully filmed, superb acting
The Danish Girl is a love story. And it is about human decency.
"The Danish Girl" - A long road to martyrdom.
It's the kind of high-toned message picture that allows the viewer to feel safely progressive-minded with no personal risk.
About its protagonist, it hasn't the foggiest. Lili is an unknowable curiosity, with Redmayne's performance all mannerism and no inner life.
More of a push by director Tom Hooper to place this story in the real world where it unfolded would have added to the power. But that doesn't distract from the two memorable acting performances by Redmayne and Vikander.
There's Oscar bait, then there's The Danish Girl.
Classic Oscar bait, a picture with stately tones, an air of self-importance, a theoretically daring central performance. But Vikander's performance is by far its most credible asset.
Hooper could have taken this story in a bolder direction, but instead he tells it with the same kind of tasteful restraint he brought to The King's Speech.
So cautious in dealing with the subject matter, so anxious to avoid the slightest hint of sensationalism, that it ends up exceedingly attractive to look at but curiously bland dramatically.
This is one of the best films of the year, and certainly one of the most cautious and compassionate I've seen about the issues it raises.
The screenplay doesn't allow anyone -- even casual walk-ons -- a single line that doesn't point back, in neon, to the movie's central theme.
Measured and reverent as the movie is, it's also rather dreary, the kind of embalmed, oversolemn opus where the actors whisper their lines slowly, one word at a time.
Vikander is sensational in that rarest of things: a love story about a woman who finds her inner strength while letting go.
The Danish Girl is content to quietly admire its own importance, and assume you will too.
Only Vikander's performance elevates it above its pretty surface. Her Gerda tells us a story of a woman desperately in love with a man who's vanished, but whose eyes still gaze at her.
Despite The Danish Girl's lack of specificity regarding what motivates Einar's transformation into Lili Elbe, the film is still quite lovely. Its compositions are lovely to look at, and the performances engaging.
There is intrigue in Lili's story, both timely and universal, and there's an undeniable power to her fight to feel peace within herself in a body that for so long felt foreign -- but it alone isn't enough to make a successful film.
"The Danish Girl" is beautifully shot and tastefully made and acted, but only Vikander seems willing to take chances. Happily, she does.
It is well honed, engaging and accessible, stocked with handsome period piece images of life a century ago, unfailingly mature. And a bit wearisome.
Only when the camera is on Vikander does the film transcend its artifice. In one of the year's best performances, she imbues Gerda with such poignancy and grace that Redmayne all but fades into the background.
Importantly [Redmayne] understands that he's not playing a man magically transforming into a woman - he's playing a single individual going through a process of self-recognition.
Redmayne and Vikander give powerhouse performances in a languid adaptation of Ebershoff's novel.
Redmayne's controlled and conflicted performance is more complex and stronger than even his Academy Award-winning turn as Stephen Hawking in 'The Theory of Everything.'
An immensely touching story that is perfectly cast. Much better than expected.
Redmayne would be the favorite to win another Academy Award for his seamless metamorphosis into a woman, if he hadn't just netted an Oscar a year ago.
Vikander is devastatingly terrific. Her award-worthy performance runs the gamut from heartbreak to desperation to despair to acceptance.
There's a self-importance to "The Danish Girl" that cannot be ignored, and from a narrative perspective, despite the intriguing subject matter and fascinating story, it somehow manages to feel a bit too accessible and safe for its own good.
Tepid, pretty, sugarcoated biopic. Vikander makes it worth seeing.
Eventually, [Hooper] surrenders to the visual and psychological displays attendant on Redmayne's prolonged transformation from Einar to Lili.
"The Danish Girl" is a masterpiece!
"The Danish Girl" is spellbinding...it's a quiet film that allows its viewers to feel the raw emotions of people caught up in a personal perplexity that few of us would ever experience.
The film could very well land a plethora of award nominations, not only for the acting, direction and writing, but also on the technical side. (Full Content Review - Nudity, Sex, etc. - for Parents also available)
A sweet and inoffensive drama located in a pretty art deco past that makes the experience of transgender people palatable to a mainstream audience.
The Danish Girl" pales against Todd Haynes's "Carol." Still, there is much to admire in Eddie Redmayne's daring performance. It's the main reason to see this film.
There aren't many actors who would take on the challenge of playing Lili Elbe, and fewer still who could pull it off with the kind of ease Redmayne does.
Hooper makes coffee-table cinema, and "The Danish Girl" is his latest volume.
Watching The Danish Girl, it's possible to get some feeling for the deep sense of self-alienation a transgendered person can experience but the movie's aloof tone creates distance between the viewer and the lead characters.
Lili's transformation may be covered in brisk cinematic strokes, but Redmayne helps fill in the palette with his gradual progression, shading and sliding with seeming effortlessness between the masculine and the feminine.
A well-told, well-acted, well-photographed period piece.
[The movie's] version of Lili is neither sympathetic nor developed in any significant way.
Hooper's staid treatment hardly complements the subject matter, and the stuffy tone is only exacerbated by Redmayne's drippy performance.
It looks lovely in an art-directed way, and Eddie Redmayne, who won his Oscar earlier in the year for his portrayal of Stephen Hawking in The Theory of Everything, looks lovely, too.
Redmayne's transformation to a female self requires some bravery on the part of the actor. That makes up for the shortcomings in Lucinda Coxon's script and the movie's nagging sense of disconnection from its audience.
Alicia Vikander... is mesmerizing, at once translucent and grounded in her flickering gestures, a perfume floating above the commonness of the storytelling.
"The Danish Girl" is a very pretty picture that could have used a more probing, maybe even more painful, palette knife.
Hooper's strategy of keeping it safe is bound to bring in folks who might otherwise avoid such material. For the rest of us, we must settle for a film that is solid, but never quite soars.
What should be a unique tale of an awakening quickly teases television movie-style hysterics, with Hooper doing little to avoid predictability.
After roughly 20 seconds of Redmayne and Vikander's nomination-worthy performances, you see the bond that exists between their characters.
Redmayne delivers afresh as a daring pioneer at the dawn of the transgender movement.
The Danish Girl is a beautiful film with brave performances - though Hooper often struggles to translate Lili Elbe's life into memorable movie drama.
This style may make the film's subject matter more "acceptable" to a wider audience, but it also greatly stifles its impact, making it a largely unmemorable experience that illuminates little and impresses even less.
The Danish Girl is telling an important story, but it does so by following the blueprint of a thousand biopics that have come before.
The Danish Girl had the potential to change the world, but instead chose to play it safe. Pity.
Astonishing and exquisite, chronicling a transgender pioneer...
Hooper's keen direction is only amplified by two extraordinary performances...
Both Vikander and Redmayne give Oscar (R)-quality performances, and while interesting and capturing the era, it opaquely confuses facts and drastically jumbles time frames, and could be shorter with better pace.
That Redmayne is so incredibly good in his role makes things credible and watchable.
The Danish Girl is two-thirds of a lavish but harmless period piece. The final thirty minutes or so descends into becoming a preachy and overly melodramatic statement.
Projecting so much love and pain, Eddie Redmayne and Alicia Vikander take us on a worthwhile journey toward better understanding of transgender transformation.
Mesmerizing and emotionally engrossing with a bravura performance by Eddie Redmayne. One of the best films of 2015.
the performances from Redmayne and Vikander are so good - and so authentic - that the film is impossible to ignore
Eddie Redmayne is able to shed his own persona to go undercover into the lives of people facing extreme physical and emotional challenges.
'The Danish Girl' is a beautifully presented personal story with probably the year's finest lead performance, and it is another significant step forward for transgender representation in mainstream cinema and society.
a love story, but so muted is Redmayne's otherwise convincing performance, it's a pretty one sided one, Vikander the sole source of the film's emotional current.
Tasteful and restrained to a fault. It is easier to admire than love.
There's just something about Lili that remains forever outside the movie's grasp.
Redmayne generates sympathy with an audacious performance, yet the film safely keeps an emotional distance with regard to its provocative subject matter.
Mr. Hooper's tasteful, earnest, didactic style - magnified by Alexandre Desplat's decorously overwrought score - does the film no favors. And the asymmetry between the central performances doesn't help, either.
Watching Redmayne's character blossom into her true self is remarkable, and the awkwardness getting there only helps make it more relatable to audiences who might not be on board with the subject matter initially.
Far too purified of human struggle to be deeply felt
In the process of awarding Redmayne another nomination, Academy voters must surely take note of Vikander's more fully realized achievement.
Regardless of how you feel about the subject matter, The Danish Girl is an overwhelming act of heroism for Eddie Redmayne.
It frankly takes a while to unpack its themes and gain our interest, but it finally allows us to unmistakably experience the powerful drives that motivate the action.
The Danish Girl looks like a dream and is about as elusive as one too. What is there can suffice, educate and provoke interest and conversation, but ultimately, it's hard not to want more.
The film... is beautifully visualized and steadfastly interesting, yet I kept wondering why I didn't feel more involved in it.
You can't take your eyes off Redmayne as a pioneer in gender reassignment surgery. And Vikander does wonders as a wife who stands by her woman.
Redmayne was director Tom Hooper's first choice for the role and it's not difficult to see why: As Lili, Eddie Redmayne is beautiful.
In the end, one leaves The Danish Girl with a new appreciation of Redmayne and Vikander and, at the same time, wanting to go out and read the actual history of those involved to get the real story.
Reducing a remarkable life and marriage to stultifying solemnity, Tom Hooper's The Danish Girl might be most charitably thought of as a public-service announcement gussied up in interwar-period costuming and interior design.
In the early days of Einar's transformation, Redmayne conveys the degree to which gender is, for all of us, a skill acquired through observation and imitation.
As warm and honest as Redmayne's work in this movie is, Vikander is what truly makes it live.
By diving deep to convey an aching heart and soul, Redmayne drives "The Danish Girl" under our skin.
Redmayne and Vikander are equally compelling, treating their characters' arduous attempts to transform themselves -- and, also, to reconfigure their ideas about each other, and the future -- with graceful precision.
I just wish that everyone's glossy prestige impulses had been reined in some, so that we could leave the film with a true understanding of Lili, not simply a vague pity for her elegant museum exhibit of a plight.
The great mystery of the script: Why does The Danish Girl pretend to cheer Lili's courage while changing the facts to make her seem selfish?
There's a lot stewing here-perhaps more than Hooper's upscale, designer-eclectic direction can pick through.
One of the year's finest films.
As a film about one of the first cases of surgical gender reassignment, 'The Danish Girl' is only so-so. As a break-up movie it's downright radical.
In an emotionally stunted script, Eddie Redmayne and Alicia Vikander deliver heart and soul.
Tom Hooper's sumptuous, Oscar-bound biopic [...] tells an important, forgotten story with a tad too much taste, but great sincerity.
Hooper's film is a master class in how to tiptoe through the mines. It swoons from a surfeit of good taste.
In so clearly viewing Lili through the lens of 21st-century political correctness, the film only blunts the resolve of her struggle.
Buoyed by two remarkable performances, this is a film that becomes increasingly alluring once it puts its (great looking) clothes back on.
Two awards-worthy performances make this a stirring fictionalized account of a passionate romance not cut short by a man's transgender surgery.
A stunt, yes. But a stunt that pays off.
Gorgeous but conventionally ... However, in a break from the period biopic formula, the film strays from decorum and takes risks.
Lensed by David Cohen, there's sumptuousness to the photography that's at times breathtaking
The Danish Girl is stunning to look at but rarely powerful to behold, technically accomplished yet also dramatically inert.
Takes what might be a fairly unrelatable situation (for most) and makes it moving and affecting.
Redmayne's translucence of skin and of expression serves his performance well.
"The Danish Girl" is a luscious and gorgeously crafted piece, invigorating the soul with its conveying message of freedom and love.
Redmayne's dedication and utmost respect for his character does make for some riveting hold-your-breath moments.
On the whole it's a touching tale of identity and love. In the process, The Danish Girl is also a poignant look at a marriage between two likeminded souls who had to let each other go.
Whenever Danish Girl punctures through, it's because of the first-rate performances by Eddie Redmayne and Alicia Vikander.
The Danish Girl may be the essence of award-season calculated craft, but in the field of screen depictions of the transgender struggle, it's a milestone.
The revelation is Vikander, who delivers a performance of remarkable range and depth as she adjusts to the situation and finally agrees to support Lili on her courageous journey.
It is a model of dignified, delicate restraint but there are times when it seems to suffocate under the weight of its own sumptuous respectability.
Eddie Redmayne has triumphed again with another remarkable performance as one of the world's first transsexuals
Good, but maybe not quite as good as everyone will be saying around Oscar-time.
The Danish Girl isn't brave. It's the blue chip stock of the film world, a safe investment that has predictable returns, and cheats both its subject matter and artistry of any truly meaningful gains in the process.
A work of astounding beauty, bolstered by evocative cinematography, a sensitive screenplay and two powerhouse performances that rank among the best in years. Except the ending, which sucks.
Incredible performances and beautiful production design, but perhaps it's all too pretty.
The aesthetics and performances of The Danish Girl are powerful, but don't always come off as being in service of the artists they're meant to capture.
This is a transgender story that is very careful not to startle or offend its audience. That is one reason it doesn't have quite the emotional kick that might have been expected.
It manages to be both a highly conventional piece of film-making and, thanks to the central performances from Redmayne, and in particular, Alicia Vikander as Gerda, the wife of Einar and supporter of Lili, a luxuriantly satisfying one.
This is the type of performance Oscars were made for, and Redmayne has mounted a very strong case for a second consecutive Best Actor nomination.
Like both its leads, the film is a pleasure to look at. Twenties Copenhagen, and later Paris, are evoked with a painterly eye by the director and his regular collaborator, cinematographer Danny Cohen. But in a way that's part of the problem.
Unfortunately, Hooper and scriptwriter Lucinda Coxon have tidied and prettified this story unacceptably.
The film is so tasteful that you might barely realise the story involves a man having his penis surgically removed at a time when such a thing was barely known or possible.
The Danish Girl ends by sandblasting away every last trace of ambiguity. [Redmayne's character] deserves to have been portrayed as an actual person rather than a shiny monument to a cause.
Beautiful, humane and moving ...
Destined to be the year's most talked-about arthouse phenomenon.
If the movie remains safe, there's no questioning its integrity, or the balance of porcelain vulnerability and strength that Eddie Redmayne brings to the lead role.
A film that smacks more of the coffee table than the operating table.
"The Danish Girl" is so primly told, it treads so delicately around even the most conservative sensibilities that it might just work to change some minds, which makes it valuable in a way an edgier, swifter, more urgent, or exciting film might not be.
Tom Hooper proves he's capable of making a movie that's both steeped in awards-season prestige and in possession of a pulse.
Tom Hooper may not have created a masterpiece, but this is a visually attractive film about a fascinating subject.

@highlight

The Danish Girl serves as another showcase for Eddie Redmayne's talent -- and poignantly explores thought-provoking themes with a beautifully filmed biopic drama.