Director Collin Schiffli keeps a tight focus on character, as the couple's plight becomes increasingly dire.
It hits enough unexpected notes, both of damnation and redemption, that it stands above most of its contemporaries in the subgenre.
Homeless con artists ply their trade in petty crime survival saga.
What separates Animals from its twitchier brethren is a keen sense of place.
"Animals" is a stark, brilliant, uncompromising, beautifully acted piece of work.
The couple's doomed romance feels familiar from numerous other films about addiction, and the movie is downright bad whenever it aspires to visual poetry.
Has confidence and authenticity to spare.
This kind of movie can boost the fortunes of little-known actors, and it should do that for Dastmalchian and Shaw.
There's no shortage of indie pictures that burrow into the cold realities of drug dependency. But "Animals," like the best of these films, moves beyond mere cautionary tale.
This is not a "slippery slope" movie, like other stories about addicts. In "Animals," they are already at the bottom of the slope.
It's gritty and grim, but "Animals" is also a gripping portrait of young junkies in love.
The trajectory of "Animals" is obvious in the opening minutes of this numbing if well-acted junkie drama.
Mr. Schiffli shoots in a fluid style, tweaking colors and focus to register changes in perception and feeling.
The way Schiffli blends grim reality with drug-induced fantasy is fascinating.
While this seems an impossibly bleak topic, "Animals" takes it up with subtlety, imagination and conviction.
Watching two junkies in love kick heroin alone is its own kind of heartbreaking, as the desperation of this need is trumped only by their need for each other.
The actors do their best to bring humanity to the junkie clichés, assisted by their character-actor mix of familiarity and anonymity.
Dastmalchian and Shaw are both superb as lovers whose devotion to each other remains unshaken by their otherwise all-encompassing addiction.
The premise - homeless drug addicts in love - is depressing, but as directed by Collin Schiffli, the film has warmth and humor, ultimately conveying a sense of redemptive hope that Dastmalchian likely brings to the table.
Modestly effective character study of junkies who eat, prey and love.
It sticks firmly to a Kerouac-lite immersion into young love rather than a more provocative portrait of the hazards inherent to modern urban life.
It is a character study that reminds me of the first time I saw Gus Van Sant's Drugstore Cowboy. And it could eventually herald the arrival of as important a talent.
Animals presents an authenticity often lacking in films about drug abuse. It largely has Dastmalchin's screenplay to thank.
It is a grippingly gritty and bleak film.
Dastmalchian and Shaw are thoroughly convincing both as vividly drawn, emotionally complex individuals, and as a couple inextricably bound by addiction and enabling. Among the well-cast supporting players, John Heard makes the most significant impact.
Dastmalchian's screenwriting debut bodes well for an alternative career alongside his performances.
Grimy and sad but not sensationalistic, the debut feature is like Drugstore Cowboy drained of its hipness and sex appeal -- not a bad thing, certainly, but also not something that ensures strong commercial prospects beyond a limited arthouse run.

@highlight

Animals ' drug-fueled storyline is undeniably grim, but its sensitive approach to its difficult themes -- and its talented cast -- make watching it well worth the discomfort.