In an era when vague is en vogue-﻿﻿when filmmakers are more likely to find acclaim for posing big questions than for trying to answer them-In the Fog stands out for being resoundingly unambiguous.
The intellectual range is vast, and the images and performances stirring beyond the customary standard. In its thorough meditation on man's moral place, and its beautiful depiction of one version of life's trial, lies this film's joy.
As remorseless in style as it is in message, "In the Fog" offers little hope and few pleasures, but earns admiration for its elegant exploration of the lowest depths of the human condition.
Intimate in the telling, sweeping in the implications, Loznitsa has created an unusually incisive film.
In the Fog, which seems to me a masterpiece, is about occupation and the destruction of an understanding of one's own history.
Powerful existential drama about the tension between morality and the imperatives of warfare against the century's most immoral regime. A sign of the continuing health of Russian film after the devastating blow of Yeltsin's privatization.
Even when the pace wanes, the images are still gripping.
The world and its choices are often cruel, but for all the devastations visited on the characters, Mr. Loznitsa is searching for the human good amid a human catastrophe.
Sergei Loznitsa occasionally writes his ideas too explicitly in the film's dialogue, though he makes up for this by deftly employing some ironic symbolism elsewhere.
In the Fog has the inevitability of an avalanche, and only our overfamilarity with Nazi-tribulation scenarios, and perhaps its excessively punctuated ending, could slow it down.
The initial strangeness wears off as the narrative rhythms become more predictable-enter past, return to present, repeat-and the clichéd existential metaphors pile up.
Sergei Loznitsa's sophomore feature is a more conventional work than his audacious debut, My Joy, but no less accomplished in its craft, especially thanks to sterling work by ace Romanian lenser Oleg Mutu.
Hollywood action movies build up to a frenzied crescendo. Here, it's exactly the opposite. But you'll still end up holding your breath. In the fog.
Like Come And See in neighbouring Belarus, it's a stark vision of humanity in a hellish world. Tough and thought-provoking.
Sergei Loznitsa's stark parable about Soviet collaboration with the Nazis has echoes of Tolstoy and Dostoevsky.
Nothing is clear in a film that is as challenging as it is rewarding.
[An] austere but never ponderous film about war, and its effect on those caught up in impossible circumstances ...
Though he is more often a documentary maker, In the Fog marks a profound shift for Loznitsa: there is nothing ad hoc or casual here.
In The Fog is one of the most impressive films of this year, a brutal tale told in the most languid language imaginable. Unmissable and a terrific step forward for Sergei Loznitsa.
In The Fog finds Loznitsa pinning down an assured narrative groove.
Despite a string of impressive performances, there's little spark to this Russian-language slow burner and as a result, it can be rather dull and effortful to watch at times.
The performances possess a powerful authenticity, whilst the poignancy of the fog-bound finale lingers in the mind.
Director Sergei Loznitsa often employs dreamy, intricately choreographed long-takes reminiscent of Russian filmmakers Andrei Tarkovsky, Aleksei Guerman, and Aleksandr Sokurov.
It turns out to be another of those infuriating Cannes near-misses: an iron-clad dreadnought of a picture, impressive in its way but lacking the flash and fire of Loznitsa's previous picture, My Joy.
Possibly the slowest and most contemplative war film ever made, In the Fog is a delicately complex work of shifting perspectives.
Loznitsa knows that war exists and won't go away; rather than indulging in patriotic or pacifistic platitudes, he tries to show what it might do to our souls. And, in this writer's opinion, he succeeds.
A ponderous trudge at times, it is ultimately worth the journey.
Takes a long, slow, and exceedingly bleak and morose look at the moral choices of three Belorussian soldiers during the German occupation of WWII.
In the Fog is an intense, slow-burning and haunting drama.
A carefully-calebrated three-hander from Sergei Loznitsa, its slow, precise rhythms playing out to compelling effect.

@highlight

While it treads familiar narrative ground -- and is a mite predictable at times -- In the Fog proves a smart, thought-provoking antidote to Hollywood action movies.