Director Reichardt has gotten away with giving us less and less with each movie, to the point where she begrudges surrendering even the smallest incidents and emotions.
Her characters make life decisions while they speak quietly on the telephone, while they discuss how to build a house, while they eat a hamburger...
The film is admirable in how it presents rural lives without any sort of condescension or melodrama. There's a kind of Zen quality to the leisurely pace with which Reichardt lets her onscreen lives unfold.
The minimalist storyteller leaves much unsaid in her rich film, but says enough to get us thinking about the characters long after the film.
This is a movie, above all, about loneliness, as well as the particular challenges that women face as they seek personal agency, or even just some form of identity for themselves.
The new film by director Kelly Reichardt may feel profoundly uneventful. In three quiet, and yes very slow-moving, stories, Reichardt sows powerful portraits of ordinary women and then encourages them to grow.
Kelly Reichardt's Certain Women was the best film I saw this year in Park City, and is sure to wind up on my shortlist of the year's truly beautiful things.
From the first shot of Kelly Reichardt's "Certain Women"-a grainy Montana landscape grayed by winter, with hills so soft in they could be painted on, and a train arcing its way towards the camera-it is clear this film is special.
Certain Women's extraction of so much humanity and visual beauty from this despondent outlook renders it a minor masterpiece.
Certain Women is so low-key that you find yourself wondering whether anything is ever going to happen... So let me spoil the surprise and save 107 minutes of yours by telling you... it doesn't.
I don't hate it, but I'm not sure I really like it, either.. Certain Women is pretty much just for hardcore cinephiles who get off on shot composition and editing, and for giving us Lily Gladstone.
The deference to her collaborators belies Reichardt's hold on the psychological landscape - and on the inner lives of her characters - that brings the stories of Certain Women into resonant coherence.
Powerful yet subtle storytelling.
[Kelly] Reichardt's characters are not taken from comic books; they are not easy heroes or outsize villains. [They] are the kind who drive second-hand cars or catch the bus. Their lives seem beyond their own ability to command, but they are not meaningles
What unites these vignettes, which are based on the stories of Maile Maloy, is a sense of alienation and isolation, and the perceived powerlessness of the independent women at their centre to change their circumstances.
With the film Certain Women director Kelly Reichardt proves again that she is as much a poet as a storyteller.
It's understated and beautiful.
As quiet as Certain Women is, these characters continued to live for me, long, long after the lights came up.
Certain Women is undoubtedly beautiful, but solemnly beautiful at that, and requires viewers to watch attentively and with focus; as when viewing a great painting, watching the film takes time and patience.
An eight-hour trip on a highway doesn't equal eight hours in a wagon dragged by mules ... but that's not to mitigate the pain experienced by some 21st-century women living way out west. Reichardt knows this as sure as the turning of the earth.
While Certain Women is focused somewhat on the nuance of dialogue and its intertwining with body language, it's a deliberately quiet and reserved little film.
With the third act, the power of Reichardt's elliptical approach becomes apparent.
This is not a film of big revelations or ready-made solutions. It's gentle and finely executed storytelling about ordinary people longing for connection and meaning as they face the challenges of another day.
Those who surrender to its compassionate take on survivors of their own harsh hinterlands will be richly rewarded.
These stories takes shape against the backdrop of everyday tasks and ritual-like chores; these women can't transcend the lives that they have committed to, but just a hint of recognition can unleash a sense of the unexpected and profound.
Every masterfully-composed frame seethes with thoughts left unspoken but sentiments still made plain.
An intimate, expressive psychological exercise in examining the ebbs and flows of life on both a micro and macro level.
The three stories, which very loosely overlap, are handled in a minimalist yet subtly emotional manner and this calm, understated film is a delight.
Certain Women would like you to listen, but it's not going to shout for your attention.
Viewers who take the time to peer underneath the surface will find plenty of churning drama and resonance.
Not a movie filled with laughs, action or startling revelations but one that sticks in the memory and impresses with its subtlety.
Shot in the greys and browns of the area's native sandstone, Reichardt's film captures the rough grittiness of these woman's lives, as well as the occasional glistening of something akin to diamonds.
All fine detail and no fun.
Certain Women's whispers are more penetrating than most film's shouts.
Reichardt more than ever feels like a director who is using cinema in a way that is wonderfully at odds with our expectations for the medium.
Certain Women is not exactly a party, but it liberates the lesbian desire for an end to loneliness.
In a movie characterised by delicate, precise movements from a formidable ensemble, it is soulful Gladstone - whose ancestors include both William Gladstone and treaty chief Red Crow - who leaves the most indelible impression.
These are all understated pieces, but like the performances they are intensely felt. Gladstone and Stewart, in particular, deliver exemplary work.
The director documents her protagonists' struggles using compassion and deceptive artistry. Although she shows restraint in the moment, the film's simple and truthful humanity will resonate long afterwards.
Its rhythms and performances are built to last. If you don't seek it out now, it'll catch you later.
Kelly Reichardt elicits every nuance from her small-town characters and leaves the viewer on the verge of reading their minds.
A beautiful, boring film saved at the finish line.
Reichardt transforms these subtle, subtext-laden tales into achingly humanistic cinema, making for a film that's moving, funny and absurd in all the ways that life is.
As the saying goes, there are a million ways to live. The beauty here is that we get to spend a little time observing some of them -- while reminding ourselves that we're all really just feeling our way around in the dark.
If the characters here are often sparing with their words, or even withholding, the visuals speak volumes.
This is an undemonstrative picture, richer in detail than incident, and ever-so-slightly wholegrain and dull.
Without seeking to push a one-size-fits-all philosophy, Certain Women coalesces magically and suggests many - in the end, it's about things missing, all the more acutely missed when you briefly think you've found them.
It is a movie that declines to detonate the traditional climactic revelation or catharsis that pulls everything together, and some might find it frustrating. I found it entirely absorbing. You must take time to immerse yourself in its quiet mystery.
The movie is faithful to everything real.
Watching the film, you feel a depth of understanding and sympathy for the characters that simply wouldn't be there in a more conventional, plot-driven movie.
Certain Women should prove to be a film to treasure.
It's a heartbreaker, pure and simple.
Kelly Reichardt's earthy but glum triptych is based on stories by writer Maile Meloy and sends veiled greetings back to her favourite themes (isolation, the US frontier, emotional navigation). Six films in, though, and Reichardt still can't do endings.
Kelly Reichardt's discerning, awards-laden drama plays things quiet but is one to shout about.
A tender, meaty and startlingly beautiful portrait of the American Northwest and the trailblazing women that toil fearlessly against its rocky terrain.
A languid, leisurely paced drama. Not much happens, but Reichardt's light touch and the performances of the leads make it soar.
With Certain Women, director Kelly Reichardt has created one of the most human cinematic universes in recent memory.
The third tale tops it all, thanks to a sweet, tough performance by Lily Gladstone.
As with all of Reichardt's films, the gems are in the smallest moments -- the half smiles, the non-reactions and the silences between two people barely connecting.
Each story in Certain Women maintains a slow pace, while leading viewers to understand complex emotional depths, as these very different women grapple with loneliness and imminent loss, their hopes for changes they can't quite identify.
Reichardt's camera always returns eventually from the burrows people dig for themselves to the mountains that hover on the horizon like a promise.
Certain Women's sure-handedness mirrors the quiet competence of its protagonists, weathering trouble, forging ahead, getting stuff done.
Powerful, focused, nervy, lean. Certain Women is a work of art produced by a director in full control of her material. It leaves you reeling.
Reichardt has no desire to state any intentions outright, stripping the storytelling bare so its simplicities can reveal truths in the margins of everyday occurrence.
...a different kind of modern Western; one where confrontations are deflected and firearms feel impotent. What is most important about these stories is the Beckettian persistence of these women. They can't go on. They go on.
Reichardt operates as usual a specific sort of advocate for her characters, applying close, sustained, and considered attention to their predicaments, and in the process evening the balance of the individual with her surroundings.
All the stories are calm on the surface and turbulent beneath, but the final narrative in particular is a masterpiece-in-miniature of unexpressed pain.
A film set in a natural and cold atmosphere with dark photography, disturbing characters, and women in situations of anxiety trying to achieve their dreams. [Full review in Spanish]
This staggeringly talented writer-director's sixth feature is perhaps the purest distillation of Reichardt's sensibility and may be her best film yet.
"Certain Women" differs in structure from some of Reichardt's past masterpieces like "Old Joy" and "Wendy & Lucy." But it has the same quiet, beating heart.
A piece of great syntactic complexity, where aesthetics is based on the masterful use of language and stylistic, rhythmic and euphonic resources. [Full review in Spanish]
The wonderful American director Kelly Reichardt seems to have been made for short stories.
This film is not about plot. It's about people, specifically women, and their often-unceremonious place in the world.
It's difficult to grade a film when the subject matter, and the subjects, feel so incomplete.
For the most part, these narratives lack the kind of tension between character and setting that have made Reichardt's quiet, modest, measured films so compelling.
A gentle, slow-moving, film about the heartache and disappointment of four Wyoming women.
Reichardt in no way pushes her material, instead giving the viewer the space to live in this space with the characters, observe them and listen to them, and then draw one's own conclusions about thematic import.
Certain Women is a film where a missed opportunity to connect, or a brief, surprising flash of empathy, feels crucial enough to pore over days after seeing it.
Certain Women is one of the best movies I've seen in 2016, and a signature work by one of our greatest contemporary filmmakers.
The palpable chemistry solidifies our engagement in the characters who, performed by any other actors, might have come off as underwritten.
That a relative newcomer like Gladstone can go toe-to-toe with Stewart in every scene and break the viewer's heart is a small gift, just one of many this gently observational movie delivers.
Meditative and soulful, occasionally stunning in its bleak silence.
Certain Women isn't about resolutions. It's about how certain women interact, or try to, with certain others. Search for monolithic statements about men and women if you want, or just watch and listen to these particular individuals.
Rarely has a film so successfully highlighted the inner lives of the type of female characters so often ignored in movies.
An intriguing trio of tales that handle stillness skillfully, but understands identity remarkably.
"Certain Women" requires patience from the viewer and isn't for anyone, but it's a film of quiet and lingering beauty.
Certain viewers might like the film to have more closure and containment, but others will certainly welcome the company of these characters.
What "Certain Women" is really about is a filmmaker who had one marvelous story to tell and linked it to 45 minutes of filler to make a feature film.
An interesting addition to a distinctive career, but not Reichardt at her best.
Do not expect action and thrills in this quiet, reflective study of very different women living their lives in Montana
A sense that we should be concentrating on gesture and intonation rather than plot.
With Certain Women, Reichardt has delivered something exemplary once again.
The beauty of "Certain Women" is in the subtle details.
If you liked Robert Altman's Short Cuts, you'll want to see this award-winning Kelly Reichhardt film.
Beautifully filmed and performed - the opening sequence using mirrors and doorframes to fuse the torsos of two characters to form a whole - is stunning, but in the end, the overall concept left me in the dark.
[I]t's a shame this well-acted and precisely staged movie never comes together in a way that makes a forceful -- or even noticeable -- argument.
...an essay narrative that subtly makes its points without being too obvious or manipulative.
It's a tiptoe of a movie, but it's as elegant and graceful as the vast Montana landscape.
Some movies punch you in the gut. Others barely graze the skin but gnaw at you long after they finish. Certain Women is the second kind.
With the power of storytelling, Reichardt shows us the absolute power of being human.
Yes, there is quiet, but there is calm within moments of stress and strain and trying just to keep it together through the day in a rural world where you still have to deal with other people... It all flows like cool, clear water.
Gladstone and Stewart are both fantastic
Reichardt lets her flawed, enigmatic heroines be, allowing them to keep struggling, persevering and relishing what can sometimes pass for tiny victories.
There's a fragile thread of humor laced through...that so deeply understands what it is to be a woman in America right now, that this female occasionally cackled.
For all of the intricacy and subtlety of her direction, if the story Reichardt is spinning has no foundation to entertain then it doesn't matter...
It's low-key, allusive, lit up with implied meanings without ever leading us by the hand.
Reichardt and her first-rate ensemble find intersections of the mundane and the mysterious all around this broad, blustery landscape.
The acting is good throughout the film, but Gladstone and Stewart are a step up from everyone else.
On this wintry landscape, with its endless plains and biting wind, it seems as if everyone - even the quietest - has a story, if you take the time to listen to it.
A movie in which it becomes very possible to respect the intent and yet be frustrated by the result.
The drama is low-key and the issues far from extraordinary, but the characters are real and recognizable. What's more, they are brought to life by talented actresses who understand Reichardt's less-is-more approach to storytelling.
It's detailed, delicate, and frankly, kind of an aimless drag. It isn't until the last third that the film finally comes to heartbreaking life.
The cumulative power of Reichardt's film, beautifully acted by Laura Dern, Michelle Williams, Kristen Stewart and Lily Gladstone, is undeniable and quietly devastating.
Thoughtful, meditative glimpses into the lives of three women that speak volumes about modern womanhood.
These are normal people, like you and me, and it's that relatability that makes Reichardt's work here so powerful.
... presents strong female characters yet isn't afraid to convey their vulnerabilities and insecurities.
A moving if somewhat elusive meditation on human aloneness and independent women at odds with their environment.
Certain Women turns out to be a study in women's uncertainties, in the experience of pain that leads not to action but acceptance. It's a slow go - but you get there.
...keeps its distance; there isn't much, in terms of drama, to interrupt the routine of these women's lives.
[Kelly Reichardt is] one of the most important American filmmakers working today, and this may be her best work yet.
features the kind of beautiful writing, direction and acting that say more in what is left unsaid..."Certain Women" has a strong emotional undertow beneath its placid surface.
The characters are really minimalist masterpieces, sculpted, polished and uncompromisingly female.
The subtlety of the film is both an accomplishment and a limitation. It's hard not to want more for these women, and to wish you could see more of them.
From her terrific debut feature River of Grass through Meek's Cutoff and Wendy and Lucy, Reichardt has given us incomplete, quietly suffering women who feel their way into change.
Certain Women, despite giving each of its stories a brief encapsulating coda, isn't merely open-ended-it seems to deny the very idea of narrative closure.
Even as the four protagonists struggle, often in vain, to get someone else to pay attention, Reichardt's camera is right there, watching and listening.
Certain Women burns slow, but it leaves behind a mysterious, shimmering aura. You feel you know these women-even if their feelings are at times elusive even to themselves.
Conveys the uncanny sense of ordinary American lives being observed in intimate, unadorned closeup.
Like a lot of really strong short story collections, Certain Women is greater than the sum of its parts, even if one of those parts is also significantly greater than the others.
[A] gorgeous, quietly intelligent new film from Kelly Reichardt.
Kelly Reichardt has finally made her Seinfeld-esque movie about nothing.
The only reason to see Certain Women is the cast. These are interesting actresses who go out of their way to avoid mainstream movies, but whatever attracted them to this dismal yawn is anybody's guess.
It's hard to recall a movie with such a precise, immersive sense of place, and the very specific mood that comes with it.
An exquisitely crafted, empathetic study of the female experience that will seriously impress.
It lingers, sticking in the back of your brain, hitting you long after it's over.
With so much on its mind, it's this devotion to mood that keeps Certain Women as satisfyingly visceral as it is excitingly cerebral, and as flavorfully classical as it is tastefully new.
Director Kelly Reichardt, who made the great "Wendy and Lucy," likes stories that unfold slowly and simply. Sometimes she'll just let the camera run, making us watch the awkwardness of people who can't connect.
The three sections of Kelly Reichardt's new film-set in Montana and adapted from stories by Maile Meloy-are consistent in their restrained tone but divergent in their impact.
A methodical and slowly cooked film focusing on love and women, Kelly Reichardt's "Certain Women" is totally engrossing. The film lives and breathes in the quiet.
Reichardt has spun another breathtaking ode to life, and to the female experience, with easy humor and most of all, tenderness, that makes the phrase "Certain Women" one of rarified honor.
Certain Women more than justifies itself as a serious argument for the beauty of the small and intimate drama and the importance of female-driven filmmaking.
If one measure of a great filmmaker is that you wouldn't mistake a frame of her work for somebody else's, Reichardt's increasingly personalized variations on long-standing American indie tropes qualifies her for consideration.
The threat of feeling slighted links every small and large ripple of drama in Kelly Reichardt's film.
Reichardt is back doing what she does best, creating elaborate portraits of the worlds through which her characters move. And by the end of the film, we know these people. We see them.
Certain Women is a kind, loving, and deeply moving portrait of big-hearted small-town people.
Typically uneven for the anthology genre, if also typically successful in that the good counterbalances the bad.
The type of work that requires patience for the quiet intersections and confrontations of simple lives.
[Kelly Reichardt's] look at the idiosyncratic relationships formed by those in this isolated region of the country is something that is rarely seen on screen.
It's a very, very quiet, deliberate and precious piece of cinema. It's entertaining in the barest sense of the word, but it is thought-provoking, eye-opening and intriguing in the quietest.
With no answers, great actresses and few rewards, Certain Women is a tough but worthy trip.
Dern, Williams and Stewart do not disappoint in Certain Women, giving naturalistic performances that fit beautifully in Reichardt's quiet film.
Like the women whose stories it tells, Certain Women exudes a quiet strength. It isn't flashy nor is it imposing, but its purpose and meaning rings loud.
There are no verbose emotional arias or chest-beating screaming matches. It's a collection of the tiniest moments, which accumulate into a kind of devastation.
Perhaps the purest distillation of [Kelly Reichardt's] sensibilities as she patiently explores the longing for human connection in a world where men too often get prioritized.
Certain Women is the rare film where every detail is alive: the town breathes through a glacial pace, the characters are nourished or starved by their interactions, the love shelters and warms everyone by way of Reichardt's humanistic vision.
The glacial storytelling has a mesmerizing effect, and gives audiences time to drink in the big skies - against which the humans look so insignificant - and to appreciate the careful way that Reichardt establishes what the heroines are up against.
Certain Women is so delicately but smartly constructed that ecstatic reviews may give people the wrong idea about its greatness.
Small town stories that remind us that everything is important to the people experiencing them, and there is drama everywhere you look if you pay attention.
[Sundance 2016] Patient, pure and honest without fail, "Certain Women" is a quietly breathtaking snapshot of people either struggling, or learning, to make human connections in a world where everyone is unsuspectingly intertwined.
As with Reichardt's previous work, the film provides a showcase for the kind of acting and cinematography that's never showy but always perfectly appropriate to the narrative.
Like Reichardt's directorial hand, the performances are understated across the board, but deeply felt.
With Certain Women, Kelly Reichardt confirms her status as cinema's foremost poet of the American Northwest.
Kelly Reichardt's wonderful triptych of female character studies confirms her status as the quietest of great American filmmakers.
Certain Women is not always thrilling, but it's certainly faithful.

@highlight

Certain Women further demonstrates writer-director Kelly Reichardt's gift for telling the stories of ordinary people with uncommon empathy and skill.