A modest film noir clearly in debt of the classic hard-boiled plots of Chandler, Hammett or McCoy
Small Town Crime [is] a showcase for the skills of John Hawkes.
You could center the story on any of these people, changing the perspective completely, and it would still be a compelling film
Small Town Crime delivers the goods with a layered story, enthralling mystery, classic and evocative but innovative action, and a cast and crew devoted to a singular artistic vision, marking the rise of the Nelms brothers to the big leagues.
"Crime" doesn't add up to much, but the journey is better than the destination, with the Nelms offering a mild ride with interesting characters and modest tensions.
Small Town Crime doesn't give us much to hang onto apart from its casting, and from its experiential beer-stained, cigarette-tainted atmosphere.
The one constant is Hawkes, who is so much fun you'd follow him anywhere, even through a flat-footed crime caper riddled with more clichés than bullets.
The movie's tone never quite gels; it's too outlandish and cartoony to convince, but not so outlandish and cartoony that it takes off into a realm of over-the-top exhilaration.
The best thing about Small Town Crime is the performance by John Hawkes.
A throwback to ultra-violent crime drama of the 1970s. Great cast headed by lead John Hawkes, producer-costar Octavia Spencer and Anthony Anderson. Should be picked up by Netflix as series.
A strong cast is saddled with a formulaic redemption story in this energetic low-budget crime thriller with a mildly amusing throwback vibe.
There are enough nice touches and details along the way - including Clifton Collins Jr. as an old school R&B-loving pimp - to make up for its shortcomings.
It's a straightforward mystery, but it's strengthened by a collection of eclectic but recognizable characters...
The ... roteness can perhaps be chalked up to Small Town Crime's fancying itself a throwback to gritty 1970s detective movies, including a score that's an homage to Lalo Schifrin. But it's set in the present, and there are off-putting moments throughout.
Engagingly anchored by character actor John Hawkes, "Small Town Crime" is a satisfyingly quirky serving of frisky pulp fiction.
This is well-made entertainment, pure and simple, with enough surprises along the way to avoid being strictly formulaic. What's more, it accomplishes all this in just under an hour and a half.
[A] crisp and mordantly funny noir.
Small Town Crime is so engrossing in its optimistic darkness that it screams for the further pulpy adventures of Mike Kendall.
Brothers Eshom Nelms and Ian Nelms, who wrote and directed the film, have some solid ideas, and "Small Town Crime" moves forward with assurance and confidence.
It combines familiar character actors and familiar story elements to produce a sufficiently satisfying, if not especially memorable, film perfect for whiling away a rainy afternoon.
Mr. Hawkes keeps you tethered, whether he's navigating the movie's uneven tones or peeling down one of cinema's lonely highways in a muscle car so lovingly shot it deserves a co-star credit.
Finally, there's Ian and Eshom Nelms' rollicking modern noir, which - okay, to be honest, would be equally entertaining on a screen of any size.
A genre thriller that doesn't quite thrill, doesn't transcend its genre enough to be memorable.
There's a general lack of energy and identity to Small Town Crime, so much so that it's tough not to become frustrated by how bland the film is.
Small Town Crime is so overly familiar, that I found myself forgetting it mere moments after exiting the auditorium.
As writers, the Nelms brothers have crafted a comedic crime narrative most akin to the Coen Brothers or Shane Black.
Though the character's frustrating arc may deter viewers, the one consistent is the wonderful performance by Hawkes, who brings Mike Kendall to life in emphatic fashion.
A hardboiled melodrama with a heart of tarnished gold.
A satisfying, stale-beer crime flick ...
The movie runs at a pace that keeps you engaged from scene-to-scene and the twists and turns of the plot take you on an unexpected trip that will have you laughing one moment and cringing with fear the next.

@highlight

Small Town Crime makes for a satisfying modern noir outing, largely thanks to the all-around impressive efforts of a solidly stocked cast led by John Hawkes.