A merry referendum on movie stardom and sequel-making.
Ocean's Twelve is busier, messier and thinner than its predecessor, and while it looks like the cast is having a blast and a half, the studied hipness can get so pleased with itself it borders on the smug.
a great inside joke film
A top-rate cast makes up for the thin plot.
A self-indulgent lark if ever there was one. Lucky for us Steven Soderbergh is at the helm.
Has the unfortunate distinction of featuring the most ridiculous and infuriating self-congratulatory in-joke I have ever seen...
Modern anti-heroes. Criminals with heart. And these guys are stinkin' funny.
Infuratingly lazy and insultingly smug. My choice for the worst film of 2004.
Just think, if Clooney, Pitt, Roberts, Soderbergh, et al can make something as agreeable as this without even generating a sweat, imagine what they could have done had they REALLY worked at it?
There are some good character bits here, and the same sort of loose, smart patter that worked so well in the first film.
...the only way [Bernie Mac and Eddie Izzard's] talent could have been less showcased is if they had been assigned to carpentry duty.
So insubstantial as to barely register as an actual film.
It's all lightweight fluff, to be sure, but it's fun, harmless, and, for me, completely engaging fluff.
Badly thought-out sequel with an appalling script and several half-hearted performances - you'll have more fun watching the original again.
All around, you can feel the strain of people trying very hard to make it seem like they're not trying.
Hits a new low in condescending facetiousness, with no fewer than 15 performers of varying talents, tongues firmly in cheeks, undercutting all the genre's action conventions while camping up a storm on two continents.
(...) sinceramente, el espectador se da cuenta cuando un director talentoso hace algo con desgano, por el mero hecho de cumplir.
I applaud Soderbergh, the producers and Warner Bros. for realizing that if I want to see Ocean's Eleven again, I'll pop it in my DVD player.
Tem seus bons momentos, mas o elenco parece estar mais interessado na própria diversão do que em entreter o espectador - e o ridículo ato final deixa isto bastante claro.
'The final half hour of the film is a tasty treat, clarifying the mess that comes before ...'
Soderbergh's dirty dozen had me dozing....We're reduced to a silent partner, kowtowing before all the uber-coolness.
En el universo de un ladrón, nunca nada es lo que parece, ni siquiera los personajes.
All these camera tricks, cameos and in-jokes momentarily distract the viewer, but one is left with nagging questions once the theater lights go up.
Ocean's Twelve keeps its characters at a distance; they entertain us -- and each other -- with their witty talk, but that's as far as it goes.
... no improvement, unless one should care to marvel all over again at the utter lack of chemistry between [George] Clooney and Julia Roberts.
Despite a couple of half-hearted, half-baked twists tossed in at the last minute, the story never feels fully fleshed.
designed to constantly evoke sparks and tension, particularly in its dry comedy, but nothing ever never quite catches
...the banter feels authentic...
More fragmented than the original, but it's also slightly more substantial
All things considered, the fact that Ocean's 12 is merely confusing, instead of entirely indecipherable, is somehow rather impressive.
George Clooney takes another dip into his Ocean
Ocean's Twelve isn't much better than its predecessor, but at least there's a more focused attempt to create something tangible.
Ocean's Twelve demeure un film sympathique et divertissant, mais sans plus et surtout pas au niveau du premier film.
Aren't these guys and gals just enjoying themselves on our dime and calling it a movie? Sure they are, but it works again.
Jeez, this seems like a lot of talent for such a so-so movie.
That Steven Soderbergh is able to make a borderline-engaging flick out of such a flimsy story is a sign of his skill.
It is funny, but not AS funny; it is surprising, but not AS surprising; it is good but not AS good.
Never taking a moment to look at itself without rose-coloured sunglasses, the film becomes a joke about Hollywood with no punchline.
This film's twelve times better than anything else on offer at the moment.
Much of the pleasure of this wily cinematic exercise is watching Soderbergh and his crew bury the complex plot line's points under what appear to be a willfully perverse series of in-jokes and such.
Terrible, even by sequel standards. What a disappointment.
It defies a minimum critical standard: providing a framework for the jokes that at least makes sense.
Twelve may be nowhere near the level of its predecessor, but it still works as a great ball of fun.
The movie is nothing more than an escapist diversion . . . taking you to sunny climes, displaying pretty people having a blast doing what they do best . . .
Mocking and torturing Julia Roberts on screen is always fun. And the movie has a few other laughs as well.
Flashy, but not well thought out.
Too many cooks spoil a meal; too many stars spoil a movie.
Star power and in-jokes make Ocean's Twelve an easy film to watch, but a hard one to care about.
Sequel is more self-effacing and satisfying than 2001 picture.
A bit of a mess. But a fun mess. Surfacey, fluff, chockfull of twists, and clever banter. An expansive cast lacking a single character with weight.
Meanders for a considerable time, looking for a plot, and by the time the movie hits its stride, it's a bit too late.
The film is fun to watch, has a great soundtrack, but falls a little short on the story. Still it should prove a fun movie experience for most.
Same cast, the same crew, the same budget, and nearly the same story as the 2001 blockbuster-remake.
It may be fluff, but it's some of the best fluff you're ever going to get.
I can't tell whether the last sequence is part of the storyline or if it's footage from the wrap party; in either case, I can only report that we aren't really invited.
Ocean's 12 is malt-liquor-on-a-Monday stupid.
It does the hard work of being a light, smartly turned-out amusement, the sort of thing that's becoming more and more rare on the movie landscape these days.
May be one of the most glamorous, goofy and heartfelt films about failure ever made.
Some of the bits are hysterical, but others fall flat.
All in all, this isn't as good as it's predecessor, but this'll more than do.
It's a throwaway movie, a harmless time-waster, but it'll make money, and moviemakers and viewers alike will most likely have a cheerful time with it.
Post modernist fluff and nonsense: Beautiful, but vapid.
Plot confusion and lazy pacing subvert this film's entertainment potential.
Ocean's Twelve is clearly the work of filmmakers and stars who have come to play. It's not art and it's not substantive, but it sure is a blast.
What Ocean's Twelve lacks in zip and sparkle, it makes up for in good old fashioned fun.
One of those movies that looks like it might have been more fun to make than to watch.
Not quite up to the glitzy fun standard of Eleven, but Twelve is still fun.
It's an absolutely unnecessary sequel that fails to keep the buzz of the original going.
All of the Personnel: A Fraction of the Fun
Like 'casual day' at the office, 'Ocean's Twelve' is not exactly cause for celebration, but it's a pleasant break from the norm.
Ocean's Twelve is silly, but it looks great and the cast shares the fun they're obviously having with the audience.
In this sprawling oglefest, such things as 'narrative' and 'story' are remote little abstractions indeed.
The whole thing is a piffle of fluff or a fluff of piffle. About halfway through you'll get an incredible hunger to see a movie.
This lackluster sequel was surely much more fun to make than it is to watch.
In keeping with his general distaste for sequels -- this is his first, in fact -- Soderbergh has subverted all of the usual conventions, making the movie far more interesting than it has any right to be.
Much of the movie feels improvised, with laid-back actors tossing off one-liners that work far more often than they don't.
The director keeps an adroit and amusing balance between his movie's broad heist-flick appeal, its pointed in-jokes, and - gasp! - actual character development.
The real heist here is Soderbergh's: The director has hijacked the caper film that viewers expect and replaced it with what can only be called a Steven Soderbergh movie.
The pleasures are entirely in the digressions, which are silly and often delightful.
Pitt and Clooney seem to be on paid vacation, goosing their egos like jolly truants (the royal theft here is their salaries).
Rarely has crime seemed so glamorous, what with these mostly well-dressed, largely attractive, immature scamps languishing in posh surroundings.
Even more than in the first film, the plot here almost seems a distraction from what really matters -- the playful relationships, humorous asides and frat-house pranks of this Rat Pack of the New Millennium.
The chief appeal of this breezy caper comedy lies in the easygoing camaraderie of the stars, who are clearly enjoying themselves onscreen.
This embarrassing sequel to the 2001 remake of the old Rat Pack romp is bogus on a biblical scale -- a bunch of smug movie stars, goofing on their images, wandering through the wilderness for 40 years. Or what seems like it.
The movie is an incredible exercise in style, a real movie-lover's movie.
This slickly entertaining sequel is all about savoring eye candy.
How many movies recapture the blithe spirit of Frank Sinatra and his Rat Pack, plus a sense of old-school star glamour?
So full of shameless vanity that each ticket stub should come with a mirror, a make-up case, and a high-priced plastic surgeon.
While the movie's lack of pretentiousness is refreshing, there's also a nagging sense of laziness to it.
The real pleasure of Ocean's Twelve rests in the way it strips the enamel off of the glamorous celebrity vehicle and makes us think -- actually, seriously think -- about why we enjoy such air-brained entertainments.
A shell game without a pea.
The film purports to tell a heist story, but it is utterly lacking in logic, tension or intrigue. And it ends in a way that resets the bar for ludicrous.
Ocean's Twelve feels like a lark, a dashed-off confiture that isn't so much a movie as an excuse for a bunch of old friends to hang out in Europe with somebody else paying the bill.
Ocean's Twelve lacks the courage of its star-driven convictions.
Ocean's Twelve is a very capable sequel. It's too bad it isn't quite as fun.
Hey, these boys and girls just want to have fun. This time, though, it is at our expense.
Who doesn't want to see George Clooney nuzzling alongside Julia Roberts, sipping champagne on the patio of an Italian villa? They're just so darn attractive and wealthy looking and on top of the world.
The second time around around, none of this is nearly as fresh or lively.
Ocean's Twelve makes up for all such potential failings with a generously entertaining spirit and a large cast that brings Rat Pack familiarity and a winking sense of savvy to roles they've played before.
We love these people like family, because they joke and whine and screw up just like our best friends would if our best friends were stealing $200 million.
If a caper comedy can't sustain a narrative line, all the goofy set-pieces in the world will come to naught.
A fun-filled, mind-twisting romp featuring a cast that obviously had just as much fun making the film as the audience does watching it.
Ocean's Twelve is an even more insipid movie than Ocean's Eleven, which itself was pretty stupid but at least was kind of cool.
Bathes in gritty Euro-trash funk that plays nicely against the fresh-faced celebrities littering the sets.
The movie is fun in the way reading Us Weekly is fun, except that it takes longer to get through.
This loose, slightly lazy sequel is both funnier than the original and more bizarre; though Danny and crew operate under a death threat for most of the movie, nobody seems to care.
It's so well made and undeniably entertaining it should leap from tall buildings and wear a big 'S' on its chest.
Soderbergh and his scenarists, George Clayton Johnson, Jack Golden Russell and George Nolfi, are doing a jazz riff. This isn't a caper movie at all, it's an improvisation on caper themes.
... there's a limit to how much smug, self-indulgent fun we can stand, and this movie comes dangerously close to that limit.
Such an amiably lazy sequel that you half expect it to crawl out from under the screen, curl up at your feet and take a doggie nap.
Wow! These people have fun when they make movies and it shows!
2 big jobs, 5 heist attempts - 11 guys, 1 wife, 1 ex-girlfriend, 1 very angry casino boss, and 2 outside thieves - you do the math... it adds up to a good time at the movies.
The European scenery is so distracting and the actors are so slick you may not notice the most valuable thing stolen is your time.
It has an air of desperation; a feverish need to keep up the polished streetwise skill of its predecessor.
It's about as mesmerizing as watching Clooney, Pitt, Roberts and the gang walk the red carpet at a movie premiere.
Resonating with Rat Pack ring-a-ding-ding, it's a silly sequel but, considering star value alone, it should sell a lot of popcorn.
[F]eels forced where Eleven is natural and instinctive; this new one is smug where the original is casually laid-back.
Pure arrogance, taking its predecessor's success as license to do absolutely, unquestionably whatever the hell it wants.
Sassy, classy con flick sequel is like jazz improv from a room full of pros -- smooth, stylish and swingin' fun.
It's the most high-end junk food imaginable, completely unnourishing and forgettable afterward, but delicious and all but impossible not to enjoy while it's in front of you.
fundamentally weak material, even discounting the cacophonic title
Instead of delivering an even modestly clever riff on the heist genre or worthy follow-up, they are be-boppin' and scattin' all over themselves and the audience.
George Clooney again charms effortlessly as Ocean...
The scene-stealers are back!
The real-life camaraderie of Clooney, Pitt, Damon and the rest translates to the screen with charm and verve.
A super slick, super smart heist sequel ...a fast-paced tale of ego and revenge concocted as a labyrinth of time jumps, double crosses, twists and surprises.
As a caper movie, it's a travesty that's impossible to understand or follow, but it's quite funny and clicks along nicely as a giddy, self-deprecating showcase for its gaggle of stars.
A lethargic would-be entertainment as well as a dispiriting vanity project, it is such a misfire that it makes it hard to remember what was special about its predecessor.
With Ocean's Twelve, Hollywood moves a step closer to the glorious day when it will no longer have to rouse itself to the bothersome task of making movies at all, skipping straight ahead to what the studios truly care about: the marketing campaign.
...an insult. It's like making moviegoers pay for someone else's overseas frat party
Steven Soderbergh's unabashedly trivial sequel may be slim pickings, but when it works, it's a blast.
A better press conference than a movie.
Ocean's Twelve works like a short-term charm. In several years, you won't remember much about the movie except what a good time you had watching it.
Like one of those schoolboy projects to build the best vessel to drop an egg without breaking it, except here the egg comes courtesy of Fabergé.
A goofy, stylish heist movie that'll steal moviegoers from other pictures as surely as Danny Ocean and his dirty dozen will get their hands on the Fabergé egg they've decided to filch.
Please, no questions of logic.
A gorgeous treat.
Plenty of comic zip and last act twists to spin a fan's wheels even though you can't shake the feeling it's team roulette for a boxoffice repeat.
Offers a cheap (relatively speaking -- ticket prices aren't what they used to be), stress-free, vicarious vacation.
They make the Rat Pack look like a chain gang.
Better than Ocean's Eleven.
It looks like fun, but the audience is never in on the joke.
It's a lark to watch this top-drawer cast strutting their stuff in such a playful manner.
It's the new recruits - Catherine Zeta-Jones, Vincent Cassel, Robbie Coltrane and comedian Eddie Izzard - who really steal this show.
This movie often seems like a big, swinging party with a can't-miss guest list.
The thrill isn't entirely gone, but much of the surprise element is.
I went into this movie wanting enjoyable junk entertainment, and that's what I got.
The film is just too smart and twisty for its own good.
...as a celebration of the chemistry and camaraderie among some of Hollywood's brightest stars, the movie dazzles.
very much a Soderbergh film, with his trademark jump-cuts and color schemes and various other amusing narrative devices.
Ocean's Twelve Soderbergh's globe trotting sequel is a blend of retro cool, old-fashioned star vehicle, postmodern playfulness, and self-reflexivity.
Instead of audiences feeling a part of a nifty conspiracy to pull off an audacious robbery, viewers are left largely in the dark as Soderbergh & Co. conspire to trick them with sleight of hand and misdirection.
The story is so convoluted I doubt that it makes any sense even if you had the time or interest to concentrate. The best part of the movie is looking at Zeta-Jones
Twelve is not only the new Eleven, it's also the new Ishtar.
The film itself is like a glossy European fashion magazine come to life, with beautiful location shots, stylish direction from Steve Soderbergh and comfortable, winking performances.
Plays like The Italian Job in very slow motion ... a high gloss bore.
What's on screen is lazy, second-rate, phoned-in -- a heist in which it's the audience whose pockets have been picked.
Thinks it's hip, but its old-fashioned, anything-goes attitude is less engaging than vaguely obnoxious...far more fun for the performers than the viewers.
Meets its snappy predecessor head on and wilts in comparison.
Pleasantness and affability reign supreme in Steven Soderbergh's sequel to the remake of Ocean's Eleven.
There's so much mugging in this film that I kept checking my pockets to see if my wallet was missing.
It's the coolest, hippest caper movie since Ocean's 11, which makes me very excited!
A time capsule of the current A-list first and a motion picture second, it'd make a great calendar: one idol per month.
Ridiculous heist foisted on us by beautiful actors.
Cluttered and chaotic. The cast coasts on cool, packed in like sardines and elbowing each other for screen time. It's an ice cream headache.
The movie noisily conveys the messy joy of its making, and insists that you have a good time as well.
Sure, it's style over substance, but you have to admire the style.

















@highlight

While some have found the latest star-studded heist flick to be a fun, glossy star vehicle, others declare it's lazy, self-satisfied and illogical.