You're not going to learn anything new about the era but watching it unfold is fascinating nonetheless.
In case you haven't had your fill of wheezy boomer nostalgia, here we go again.
Your uncle showing old film stripes of his Best Vacation Ever in his basement, only with more colors and better music.
a unique historical artifact, to be sure, but one which reveals nothing exceptional about the personalities, the times or the themes explored.
The film is at it's best as a time capsule of a particular time, a brief golden age in America, and a particular event, Kesey's cross-country voyage of discovery.
All the film can do is suggest to us what a "long, strange trip" it has been, thereby echoing the lyrics in the Grateful Dead song.
Not exploring the Merry Pranksters wider cultural influence and historical significance is a great misstep.
This fascinating film pieces together randomly shot and previously unseen footage and recordings made by the Pranksters, and blends it seamlessly with new material to create a kaleidoscopic snapshot of those heady days.
A hilarious, instructive and invaluable time capsule of that touching, idealistic and more than slightly ridiculous period.
Gives us a vivid feel for the bedhopping, acid-dropping subculture, if a little less insight than you'd hope...
The trip is supposed to be the legendary precursor to the Swinging Sixties but ends up seeming merely fun for a group of people who have never quite grown up.
There is much here to amuse, bemuse and tantalise; we get to see the inside of a particular bubble, with Ginsberg and Kerouac and the Grateful Dead, a nascent scene before it went global.
It makes for a poignant if shallow remembrance.
The prehistory of psychedelia gets an interesting, if minor footnote with this documentary co-directed by Alex Gibney - who made Enron: The Smartest Guys in the Room.
Touching, even minor-key-tragic.
Regularly fascinating, but often somewhat inaccessible in its lack of historical context for the uninitiated.
Impressively directed and expertly assembled, this is an engaging and frequently amusing snapshot of an iconic counter-cultural event that should appeal strongly to fans of the period.
Helps us to dive headfirst into both the journey and period and decide for ourselves whether to take it or leave it.
Alex Gibney and Alison Ellwood manage to cut through the underbrush of this incoherent material to create a clear, if repetitive, through-line and put it into context, with footnote-type stops for side trips of social and historic significance.
Magic Trip goes all over the place but never seems to end up anywhere all that revelatory.
A kind of DayGlo-colored time capsule that tantalizes.
Records a lot of silly misbehavior but only minor merriment.
"Magic Trip" accomplishes something only the best documentaries pull off: It energizes you so much, you can't wait to find out more.
It's the movie "Yellow Submarine'' should have been but didn't know how to be.
It's impossible to exaggerate how wearying it is to watch endless clips of badly-shot home movies of people who really have no claim on your attention while trying to convince yourself that what you are seeing is historically important.
Sometimes the footage is shaky, and the story threatens to derail itself by spinning off on too many tangents, but ultimately the rough-and-ready style fits with the experimental spirit of the Pranksters.
"Magic Trip" is neither as magic nor as trippy as the culture quake that it documents, but it's a valuable flashback and a pleasurable contact high.
This is the story of sunny, casual West Coast visionary utopians, told from the inside out.
It isn't exactly boring. But it's hard being the designated driver at someone else's bacchanal.
If the trillion-dollar war on drugs has failed to put a dent in substance abuse, perhaps a viewing of "Magic Trip" will succeed.
To be sure, one gets a better sense of the personalities, and the passions stirring their souls, in Wolfe's book. But Magic Trip literally brings these characters to life.
Considering the quality of the source material, what Ellwood and Gibney have come up with is kind of amazing.
Fans of the subject matter, especially students of the Beat era, will find this revisionist reconstruction indispensible; others will share the same tedium claimed by some of the principals on the bus.
It's a fun film but I wasn't as fully engaged with its meandering style and don't feel like I really gained any insight into Kesey and company.
The result may have value to '60s sociologists, ethnologists, superannuated hippies, and Kesey fanatics, but for the most part what is on view is a jumble of scenes featuring pranksters getting high on grass and LSD.
Gibney and Ellwood struggle to create context for or make much sense of the vibrant hodge-podge of material that they excavated from the archives of Kesey, who died in 2001.
A lively and absorbing document, filled with jaw-dropping materials...
As pretentious as its convoluted title.
The movie fails to make the cross-country jaunt function as a metaphor for the country's mid-century passage. Minus that, the Pranksters' everything-changing adventure looks a lot like just another road trip.
It's invigorating for about half of the running time, as the gentle Kesey gang mingles with the population and tries to explain what's on their minds.
It's fascinating and sometimes surprising stuff.
Ken Kesey decided the camera was mightier than the pen. This enjoyable but surprisingly unenlightening documentary suggests otherwise.
I'm not sure I can adequately explain the '60s to someone who wasn't there. "Magic Trip" doesn't really even try.
Heavy-handed nostalgia doesn't reveal anything all that interesting about the time period or the subjects.
The backstory behind the film is as compelling as the events it depicts.
The first striking thing about the documentary is that nothing about it reads 1964.
"Magic Trip" is the cinematic equivalent of a yellowed scrapbook whose pictures are accompanied by sketchy captions created after the fact.
Home movies documenting a 1964 cross-country bus trip also mark the beginning of the hippie era.
A pretty definitive argument for the supremacy of literature when it comes to mythologizing pivotal moments in American culture.
You don't have to be a Deadhead or a Ken Kesey-phile to find the fun and the wistfulness in Magic Trip
Magic Trip is about as fun as being the only sober person at a party.
May not immediately feel like Gibney's most inspired doc compared to his more politically-tinted work, but a unique look at interesting times and people.
It's like seeing the birth of the '60s, with great moments (including Neal Cassady doing speed-freak monologues).
Time to get on the bus.
Gibney and Ellwood have a sense of historical evanescence and inevitability.
The messiness of Kesey's trip is reflected, for worse more than for better, by Magic Trip, which fails to provide much insight into any of its subjects.
While the movie doesn't offer any new insights into the era, it is a trip to see the home movies they shot on the road and hear them reminisce about their experiences.
Bright experiences stand out amid the general tedium of this road-and-buddy movie.




@highlight

Magic Trip is overall unenlightening, though there's an inherent novelty and joy in seeing the unearthed footage of Ken Kesey and his band of Merry Pranksters.