... an anachronistic and failed proposal; worse: it sounds false and feels false. [Full review in Spanish]
You're left with the sense of a film attempting to say some ambitious things about a specific time in history and what a crushing totalitarian system can do to the human spirit, but the "thriller" part shrivels up along the way.
Child 44 is bland in every aspect, which is a shame as the source novel could have been turned into an exciting movie if it had the right directorial hands to guide it (as well as a more eye catching title, Child 44 sounds pretty boring in name alone).
Everyone speaks in pidgin English with thick Russian accents, which reduces the flick to an unintentional farce.
Hardy and Rapace provide a solid emotional anchor as a couple brought together by fear and tightened by survival instinct.
Anchored by two strong lead performances, this film is nothing like the serial killer thriller the trailer suggests. In fact, it is nothing like what you think you are going to get.
It's rare that a movie more than two hours long is criticized for being too short, but there's just so much crammed in, and the speedy clip of events doesn't permit the audience to gain a deep empathy for anyone involved.
Once in a while comes that star-studded film to remind that even the best assemblage of thespians isn't enough to save the most underwhelming of films.
Get past some contrived plotting - and the needlessly thick Russian accents adopted by the mostly British cast - and this 1950s-set crime thriller is grimly fascinating.
It's all so mushy and unclear that by the time a climactic fight takes place in a literal mire you'll feel as muddied as the participants.
A dark thriller that is as much about the deranged landscape as it is about a madman with 44 victims and counting.
What we do get is a revealing and no-holds-barred look at life behind the Iron Curtain. It busts the myth that the Russians, during the Cold war era, were emotionless propaganda machines.
... A grim tale powered by Hardy's dour yet impassioned turn as the lead.
A relentlessly bleak portrait of Stalinist Russia with camerawork that puts the viewer in the room with its characters.
Although it has some likeable characters, it's hard to stay focused on Child 44's uneven story. [full review in Spanish]
Child 44 feels contrived and you never get to empathize with the characters. [Full Review In Spanish]
...the film can often come across as disorienting and uneven.
CHILD 44 is a thriller with no thrills. It's too long, too dreary, and too overly serious.
In the end, the film lacks an imagination, and that unfortunately winds up dragging it through the mud.
Child 44 is not a bad crime-thriller, but it could have been way better, especially given the talent involved.
Overly complicated yet somehow anticlimactic, and constructed more with pat Hollywood pomp rather than the authentic grit it demands.
A hopeless muddle of clumsy police procedural, fraught domestic fireworks and heavy-handed totalitarian tropes, presented in the grimmest possible fashion and drawn out to insufferable length.
Forbidding and forgettable, this plodding adaptation of Tom Rob Smith's suspenseful thriller just doesn't translate onto the big screen.
I'm going against the current on Daniel Espinosa's Child 44 by simply not hating it, but I'll go further and say it's actually good -- with qualifications.
Child 44 arrives in cinemas with the kind of dull thud befitting a novel of door-stopper weightiness rather than a work endowed with soaring prose and considerable storytelling prowess.
Ambitious to a fault, this is a slightly serviceable story of murder that features strong performances, but little more than that.
An oppressively boring, unappealing and often incomprehensible misfire.
The movie hints at a riveting story but is incapable of delivering it.
Hardy is very odd, as usual.
The story is a confusing bore that leads achingly slowly to a solution as perfunctory as it is implausible.
The plotting gets a little sludgy...it runs out of ideas long before it plods to the final credits
Given these actors and the ravishing decrepitude of the locations and costumes and the lustrous cinematography of Oliver Wood, I found it more than watchable the whole way through.
Child 44 never knows what it wants to be: a mystery or an uninspired statement on dystopian governments.
If the Russian accents from this non-Russian cast weren't grating enough, the convoluted and seedy story of Child 44 would be reason enough to pass on this one despite the usually reliable presence of Tom Hardy and Noomi Rapace.
Equally bloated and scatterbrained.
...a tense thriller set in Soviet Russia in 1953...tightly directed with surprisingly good pace...fine performances, especially by Hardy, Rapace, and Oldman...exceptional dark and forbidding cinematography enhanced by understated music.
What began as a novel by Tom Rob Smith probably should've stayed there, but for those with especially iron-like constitutions, "Child 44" does provide some terrific performances and a full sense of Soviet immersion.
A hopelessly muddled, po-faced and occasionally accidentally hilarious thriller set in Stalinist Russia.
Like The Interview, Child 44 will be remembered only for the controversy surrounding it.
Wouldn't know a "thrill" if it were plastered on a bottle of Stoli.
Child 44 doesn't just lose the plot. It loses the point.
"Child 44" is involving despite itself.
In such a bleak and distorted world, it is perverse to try to tell a whodunit story with conventional heroes and villains -- and yet that is what this misguided and contradictory film attempts.
Tom Hardy rolls his Russian accent around his mouth like its a shot of vodka to be savoured. With his Soviet-issue brutalist haircut and shambling bear's gait, plus the accent as thick as borscht, he inhabits completely the part of Leo Demidov.
The movie goes wildly off the rails chasing so many characters, subplots, and complications that you may find yourself zoning out.
Child 44 grows in stature and suspense as it gains focus, eventually revealing itself as a murky depiction of desperately unjust, fearful times.
Espinosa manages to engineer some standout moments and Hardy rises above his dodgy accent to deliver a cruelly believable portrait of a good man trapped between a hammer and sickle.
[An] unrelentingly grim, plodding, and close-to-incoherent adaptation of Tom Rob Smith's best-selling mystery.
It's as tedious as a bottomless bowl of borscht.
Nothing in "Child 44" adds up to much. The political backdrop and the period setting and all of those subplots and narrative tangents don't mean a lot when the film boils down to a typical fistfight/shoot out scenario we've seen countless times before.
Tom Hardy brings his robust, muscular presence to the role of Leo and he is watchable enough, but the forensic and psychological aspects are just dull; there is no fascination in the detection process.
Child 44 has strong actors, solid production values, and good intentions. But it mixes too many plot threads and ends up telling none of them particularly well.
What "Child 44" most resembles is a rushed and crowded pilot for a television drama.
The usual serial-killer thriller in Soviet drag.
Ultimately, what we have is a bloated, grim, underwhelming affair, which is unfortunate - because the movie starts out with a lot going for it.
Everyone overacts, leaning heavily on moments of unexpected shouting, with Hardy taking bottom honors.
A muddled, mumbling thriller that never gets us in an iron grip.
an exercise in empty histrionics.
For long stretches, it's dull and plodding, chugging along on the fumes of its earnest intentions. Still, there are worse ways to kill two hours than watching Hardy work his sturdy magic.
When it finally gets going, it becomes gloweringly compelling ...
Child 44 could have been far more compelling had it dug deeper into its political thriller layers and not drifted into yet another story of a diabolical killer on the loose.
A mediocre, generic production that does little to inspire.
Tom Hardy is characteristically compelling as Leo Demidov, a runaway orphan-turned-WW2 soldier transformed into a war hero by his role in the Battle of Berlin.
Just say nyet.
Despite gritty atmosphere and a sometimes smart script by the estimable Richard Price, whose credits include "The Wire," "Child 44" can't sort out the basics.
The film is at once devoted to corroborating and casting an exaggerated light on Soviet paranoia and the state's rhetoric of unmasking its enemies.
Overstuffed with plot, Child 44 becomes no more lucid as it progresses from one development to another.
It shouldn't be possible to make a movie this bad with a cast this good.
Gets lost in a meandering, overly-complicated narrative that often loses sight of the story it's trying to get across.
If 'Child 44' has any reason to exist it's so hungry Tom Hardy completists having something, anything else to chew on.
"Child 44" plays like a curious relic of an earlier Cold War mindset, when Western audiences took comfort that they were living on the right side of the Iron Curtain, and relied on movies to remind them as much.
A Soviet-era slog through crime and corruption, painted in grim shades of muck, blood, moss and bark, director Daniel Espinosa's "Child 44" turns a best-selling period-piece procedural into a slow, tedious thriller almost totally devoid of thrills.
The movie doesn't really captivate the way it should, and as the manhunt stretches on it actually diminishes in suspense, ultimately overstaying its two-plus-hour running time.
Offers a solid, serviceable adaptation of Tom Rob Arthur's bestselling novel, the first in a trilogy featuring the character of idealistic state security operative Leo Demidov.
Thanks to a feeble script, bland direction and - God, why? - those impenetrable accents, no one emerges from this fiasco with much dignity.
Hardy is immaculate as Leo, from accent to demeanour. Now on his fourth film with Hardy, Oldman is a pleasure to watch, and even the smallest of roles have been carefully cast ...
Hardy is excellent, his mix of strength and compassion giving genuine depth to a character who could simply have been a figurehead for the march of change.
Tom Hardy is excellent in the lead role and director Daniel Espinosa crafts some brilliant individual scenes but the story gets a little bogged down with subplots.

@highlight

There's a gripping story at the heart of Child 44 and a solid performance from Tom Hardy in the lead, but it all still adds up to a would-be thriller that lacks sufficient thrills.