Lessons about social responsibility are submerged in a bubble bath of innocent glamour; Amy Heckerling's Clueless looks like a mordant social satire by comparison.
Even Anjelica Huston as a rival cosmetics magnate struggles to inject any venom into the proceedings.
Welcome to adulthood, Hillary and Haylie Duff. Here are your T-Mobile Sidekicks and Tabloid news stories. Leave your personalities at the door.
A brain-numbing, fluffy flick for tweens.
An insipid mess not worthy of the tweens who flock to such flicks.
Fans of the Duffs finally have a film to look forward to while they're doing their nails and staring off into space.
Along the way, self-discovery bangs 'em over the head.
The Duff sisters are pleasant personalities, but the vapid bimbosity of their characters quickly becomes grating.
Forced to endure such casually offensive nonsense, the viewer ends up slumming it far more than the duff protagonists.
A Duff movie indeed.
Under the circumstances, Anjelica Huston and Lukas Haas manage not to embarrass themselves, but only because they're pretending to be in a different movie.
The film's sole purpose is to promote, with chilling lack of irony, Hilary Duff's own brand of perfume -- oh, and there's her single as well.
Watchable enough and by no means as bad as The Perfect Man, although there's not much here that'll interest the over-12s.
Messy, patronising and tonally confused, this vanity project - timed to co-incide with Hilary Duff's perfume launch - quite frankly stinks.
"This thing is screwier than Courtney Love!" whimpers Hilary in her usual chihuahua-on-helium whine. Even she, however, manages to shine next to her aggravating older sister, saddled as she is with all the comic timing of a mortally wounded elephant.
Haylie and sister Hilary Duff just don't have the comedy stylings to sell this half-baked story of heiress sisters battling to save their dad's cosmetics empire from ruin.
seems more of an ode to Paris and Nicky Hilton than a decent vehicle for these sisters
Frankly movies like Material Girls sicken me; they're base and soulless and entirely unworthy of the celluloid they were filmed upon.
A few funny lines spool out intermittently, but it's the inane-ness of Material Girls that grates. While Hollywood sisters Haylie and Hilary Duff tell each other money doesn't bring happiness, their actions speak otherwise
The villain (a greedy corporate man of some sort) isn't very fleshed out, but it's hard to believe that he's any worse than the two self-serving, appearance-obsessed protagonists, with whom the film asks young girls everywhere to identify.
Martha Coolidge's direction treats the whole adventure with more respect than it deserves, which also makes one wish that she'd been able to work with the Duffs on something much more worthwhile.
[It] isn't some light send-up of materialism. It's a light endorsement of it.
Woe is the Marchetta sisters!
As if one Duff wasn't enough for us.
I barely buy them as sisters, let alone as whoever these characters are supposed to be.
It's not Clueless, just clueless.
I liked it better with Brittany Murphy.
An incompetent spin on the poor-little-rich-girl story, the film involves a lot of wardrobe changes and product placements, and a smidgen of intrigue and some chaste romance.
The fact is, neither Hilary nor Haylie have any flair for subtle comedy.
It succeeds on its own terms. These days, even pre teens live in a material world.
Even by the low standards of the genre it represents, this female teen comedy represents a new nadir.
It's sort of reassuring that although Madge has seemingly given up starring in bad movies, her company is still financing terrible scripts.
The movie, which was not screened for critics, makes a joke of everyone who isn't wealthy, white and pencil thin.
The scariest part of Material Girls comes when you're sitting in the dark theater and start considering the possibility that young women might find these characters sympathetic.
Maybe Immaterial Girls would have been a more appropriate title.
finally drives a Duff vehicle into the land of beguilingly awful.
There's a happily ever after ending complete with cute new boyfriends. But on the way there, the movie has a surprising number of inapprpriate and ugly choices considering the target audience and the PG rating.
You might remember it from May when it starred Lindsay Lohan and was called Just My Luck.
With the exception of Anjelica Huston's regal supporting turn, 'Material Girls' is an immaterial movie.
This is indeed one dumb film.
Stays true to its name, all right, but there's no reason the film also had to be an embarrassingly unfunny and aimless chore to sit through.
At the very least, Material answers the question everyone wants to know: yes, Haylie is the better actress.
A superficial tween comedy that mocks celebutantes like the Olsen twins while simultaneously pushing stars Hilary and Haylie Duff as their replacements.
You may find yourself longing for the intricate plotting and ensemble acting skills of the Olsen twins movies.
Light but listless.
There is no edge to the movie at all, and that blandness will render it forgettable to anyone over the age of 12 or so, but for all that, it is pleasant enough, and occasionally even fun.
Madonna's anthem was only good-naturedly arrogant, but the SoCal twins, like the film's script, are arrogant, ghastly immature and offensive to any audience that isn't all of the above.
Nonsensical from the get-go, the girls' fish-out-of-water routine grows interminable.
Paris and Nicky Hilton exhibit more character nuance. And they're vaguely more entertaining to watch.
The film opens with the Duffs huffing and puffing their way through a remake of Madonna's 'Material Girl,' an ode to gold digging that Madonna sang with a touch of wry humor; the Duffs perform it as if it was 'The Battle Hymn of the Republic.'
Save your allowance, kids -- a mall trip would be way more fun than this ditzy Duff fluff.
Is Anjelica Huston in need of work? Is that why she's in this piece of crap?
As a film that sets out to poke fun at the LA, St Tropez tan, famous for being famous, stupid small dogs lifestyle, its far too candy-coated and lacks bite, while the comic timing is off.
Certainly doesn't bode well for either Duff Sister if this is the best script coming their way.

@highlight

Plagued by paper-thin characterizations and a hackneyed script, Material Girls fails to live up to even the minimum standards of its genre.