Touching, fun, unexpected yet a bit disjointed, The Best Man Holiday will satisfy die-hard fans of the first film and help usher in the holiday movie season.
Earnest performances by Morris Chestnut and Monica Calhoun anchor the film.
Still, The Best Man Holiday contains some strong moments and good acting; the cast is as likable as ever, even if the film doesn't take many bold risks.
This is a film about friendships, faith and family and, laden with bittersweet moments, triggers those tear ducts.
It's an odd mix of bawdy comedy and blatant heart-tugging -- you'll be cringeing one moment and sniffing the next.
If the original The Best Man was a smooth, R&B jam then The Best Man Holiday is a slick hip-hop beat. It's bigger and flashier. I missed the scrappiness of the original...
The first half is such an agreeably raucous reunion that we hate to see a pesky thing like terminal illness ruin all the fun.
You leave emotionally exhausted, but there's a lot of care in this movie.
While the script may be uneven and the film itself overlong, the cast make for winning company, turning a deft hand to material that zigzags between bawdy and mawkish, somehow keeping it on just the right side of sympathetic.
The Best Man Holiday pigs out on every plot at a slow, bloated Christmas pace. Watch out, movie punters. We're segueing into Part Three.
The sweet 'n' sour mood turns purely gloopy in the last act, which involves a certain football game and the intervention of an earth-bound angel.
The dialogue is sometimes wickedly sharp, the performances good, and all we have to do is swallow great dollops of schmaltz ...
A little cheesy but it's sincere, well performed and good fun.
This rom-com-dram take on The Big Chill isn't quite up there with Lee's sparkling debut but it never succumbs to the grim sudsiness waded through in Tyler Perry territory.
Like many awkward, clanger-filled real-life Christmas gatherings, it goes through some alarmingly rocky patches, but comes together in the end.
It's a genially soapy time-killer, though Lee's as shameless in invoking cancer as he is about the catfights and smacktalk.
There's nothing great about it, but there's a whole lot of good enough.
I never thought I'd see a faith-based, R-rated movie, but here it is in 'The Best Man Holiday,' a sequel to a movie from 14 years ago. It does have an R rating, but its characters all have a deep, abiding faith.
A surprisingly emotional film, it is "Steel Magnolias" from the male point of view.
Whatever daily regimen of exfoliating and/or bathing in puppy blood is responsible for this Dorian Gray sh*t, I want in.
The cast is the film's biggest asset as just about everyone brings their A-game.
Soapy and seasonal - perhaps Seth MacFarlane put it best when he dubbed this 'Love Blacktually.'
Here's a film that delivers what the fans have been waiting for. You will laugh, you will cry, but you will be totally pleased by the end result.
The Best Man Holiday won't just tug at your heartstrings, so much as yank with a mighty furor.
Undeniably entertaining follow up to 1999 trendsetter.
The Best Man Holiday is edgier and more authentic, with more relatable characters and dialogue that earns its R-rating...The emotions might be similarly heightened, but you can actually understand what is happening and why.
It can make you laugh and welcome the holiday spirit into your soul, unfortunately that's not all the overly-ambitious "The Best Man Holiday" tries to do.
Sequel is entertaining enough, but deals with mature topics.
Several schmaltzy and contrived sub-dramas clamour for attention. None warrant a Kleenex despite the best efforts of a mostly fine ensemble cast who fare much better with gags and camaraderie in the early goings.
The enormously appealing characters still generate genuine warmth and laughs.
The Best Man Holiday is a worthwhile revisiting that manages to push its characters forward in a very mature and emotionally honest way.
The Best Man Holiday is an inelegant movie, but its cast is so damn likable that we're still willing to follow them - even when they're not going anywhere.
A movie that does to your emotions exactly what one player does to another on the big Christmas game day: slams them to the ground and stomps them silly.
It's no mean feat, stitching together comic bonhomie and Kleenex-wadding melodrama, but Lee makes it look easy. And even, yes, a little sexy. Take that, middle age.
There's much heart and humor in "The Best Man Holiday" but also jolts from laughter to tears in the blink of a false eyelash.
It isn't without its charms, including an appealing cast and high production values. Unfortunately, all that's overshadowed by its inability to convincingly find emotional truths.
With this much chemistry and this much talent in one movie, you have a winner, no matter how predictable or sappy the whole thing becomes.
Even if some of the crudeness and the drama feel forced, it's hard to hate.
"The Best Man Holiday" gives holidays a bad name.
"The Best Man Holiday" has the potential to become a staple of Christmastime movie watching in the 'hood.
Maybe at the next 'Best Man' reunion Malcolm D. Lee will work these problems out
It IS very funny in spots. I laughed quite a bit. But, wow, does it turn into a rather ruthless tearjerker in its final half-hour!(Full Content Review for Parents also available)
Reunited and it feels so good through the laughs and the cheers, 'The Best Man Holiday' is one of the most charming comedy/dramas in years.
The mix of raunchy sex comedy and Christian faith doesn't quite come off.
Though not so warm and fuzzy as some fans may expect, "The Best Man Holiday" is a more than fitting return that improves upon the original in unexpected ways.
Lee moves The Best Man Holiday along on greased wheels.
Lee has so many plot platters spinning at any given moment that he can't quite finesse his way through the overly long running time.
The people in "The Best Man Holiday" - not just the actors, but the characters they play - deserved a better script than this.
Only a few charming tidbits are nestled snugly in this over-stuffed Christmas stocking.
The problem is that it doesn't aim particularly high and, when the tears have dried and the cheers have subsided, there's a sense that what the movie offers is disappointingly ephemeral.
As bloated and self-important as the original was modest and charming.
"The Best Man Holiday" provides the ensemble with enough laughs and commotion to keep this wedding reunion enjoyable, even though a cheese ball third act threatens to annul the entire enterprise.
"The Best Man Holiday" possesses all the strengths and weaknesses of banal, high-gloss mainstream entertainment: It's boringly, bracingly, gratifyingly conventional. No shame in that game.
Pure drivel.
Luckily there's a lot to keep us entertained before things take a turn for the worse.
A visually spiffy but narratively flabby ensemble piece that veers uneasily from raucous farce to mawkish melodrama.
A ton of bonhomie and abrasive laughs easily carry this holiday entrée over its more heavy-handed sentimental portions, delivering solid, audience-pleasing entertainment.
The cast is great fun, each getting his or her own moment to shine.
Do [Terrence] Howard's blue jokes fit in with a subplot that takes a turn for weapie tragedy? Perhaps not, but they're hugely welcome.
makes up for its misgivings most of the time.
There are plenty of things wrong with "The Best Man Holiday," and yet the end result is a satisfying movie.
The Best Man Holiday is akin to getting a massive, gorgeously wrapped Christmas present and opening it to find a pair of socks.
These characters are just as funny, honest, and sexy as we remember them. It's like they never really went away.
While it's still no "Big Chill," the sequel will mostly satisfy fans of the original "Best Man," especially since it brings back the entire cast of the first movie.
The sequel to a deft romantic ensemble hit tries too hard to add heartbreak, uplift and religious, family values messages to the comedy-drama.
Is it broad and cliched? Yes, and it's not nearly as fresh as the original. But I still very much enjoyed it.
The top-notch chemistry between the leads and a few solid laughs can't overcome the preachy, overly religious climax.
The film does feel overlong and the tone is occasionally wobbly. But Lee keeps the pace generally steady, mixing comedy and melodrama in even amounts.
It's a pleasure to catch up with these characters as they approach the complexities and compromises of middle age with all manner of literal and figurative baggage.
The hangout factor with this cast is considerable. And the movie, while nothing visually special, earns its queen-sized dose of pathos honestly.
The better-paced sequel again capitalizes on a unified cast, and this time the fun jumps off the screen.
The conclusions are familiar -- friendship provides support, death makes squabbles seem petty, what's past is past -- but far from meaningless.
The actors play their characters with such depth of feeling that they make even the most clichéd and hokum-drenched situations resonate with unexpected levels of emotional authenticity.
It's like a reunion. If you already know these characters, you're good. If you don't, you'll be standing against that wall, alone, with that wine in a paper cup.
The Best Man Holiday could have been a more entertaining dramedy about friendship and redemption if Malcolm D. Lee's script didn't attempt to pull every tear-jerking normality in the book.
Lee does leave everything wide open for a third go-round, but if this proves to be the last visit with these nine, he and the cast have made a graceful, full-circle bookend to what will now be a lasting pair of films.
The Best Man Holiday is an eggnog that's sticky-sweet and heavy at the same time.
A studio movie that can make us laugh and think is the definition of a Christmas miracle.
All in all, this long-delayed sequel is a very mixed bag, with just enough laughter and tears to squeak by as holiday entertainment.
We all have our favorite flavors of seasonal schmaltz. The kind that The Best Man Holiday serves up was, for me at least, too hard to swallow.
All over the map, zipping from melodrama to slapstick with unnerving speed, finding the production trying to come across as a Tyler Perry knockoff, complete with Christian influences, broad antics, and unreasonable conflicts.
The cluttered, overlong narrative never really finds its footing.
Let's just hope it doesn't take Malcolm Lee 15 years to shoot another sequel!
In its strongest moments, it's like spending a weekend with exasperating but beloved friends: full of jokes both witty and dirty, slap fights, heart-to-hearts, and an overwhelming good cheer that only occasionally teeters into sanctimony or sentiment.
Arealistic, honest, uncomfortable, funny, sexy and smart conversation between long-time friends reuniting after years apart for a weekend-long holiday gathering.
An admirably adult holiday feature that doesn't balk at real feelings.
An amusing and most welcome, if maudlin and overlong, sequel to the sleeper hit of 1999.
The sexism isn't quite as noxious as one might find in Tyler Perry's films, but that's as far as the compliments go when it comes to this overextended and deeply crude sermon.
The script's sporadic silliness makes every plot turn questionable; how the talent deftly negotiates such goofiness makes the film near-impossible to resist.
Like the dazzling, canny comedy of Key and Peele, it acknowledges that it's futile to speak of a single black experience; at this point in America, we're all a mess of experiences.

@highlight

The Best Man Holiday manages honest laughs out of broad humor, and affects convincing drama from a deeply conventional plot.