An indie crowd pleaser with a timely message, Outsourced is a kind of globalization lite romantic comedy, simultaneously touching on some fairly grim issues with a soft focus lens.
Sending jobs overseas, a hot-button issue for some Americans, gets gentle, good-natured treatment in Outsourced.
In the hands of a lesser director, the secondary characters, including Todd's matronly Indian landlady, might have been mere caricatures. Smart production design and camerawork enhance the sense of authenticity.
In cheese terms, it's pretty mild.
A frothy romantic comedy that makes a serious point about the arrogance of treating human beings from around the world as interchangeable economic units.
A sweet if predictable variation on the premise of the ugly American, redeemed by Hamiton's dry performance, some nice comic turns by the Indian supporting cast, and a droll script by Jeffcoat and George Wing.
Outsourced left me satisfied if not exactly charged up; this romantic, fish-out-of-water comedy is an effective piece of entertainment.
No, it's not your meet-cute Reese Witherspoon/Kate Hudson rom-com, but if you're looking for a humble movie with a lot of genuine heart, Outsourced has more than enough to go around.
Jeffcoat handles the ostensible cultural differences gingerly. The movie's approach to globalism is to play everything small and keep everybody human.
...even if we aren't pumping our fists in the air, we're rooting for the characters with an agreeable 'namaste' vibe that feels earned rather than forced upon us.
A charming film about preconceptions, culture clash and love, Outsourced gives us a fresh perspective on overseas call centres.
Mixing astute cultural observation, character-driven comedy and a little romance, John Jeffcoat's Outsourced is a delightful look at how easily jobs can be cut and sent elsewhere.
An indie charmer that may become the sleeper of Seattle.
A smart, low-key charmer.
Its head may be in the sand, but Outsourced is a good-spirited idyll, an escape from reality, naive to a fault, and all but unconcerned with the troubles of the world but almost - almost - convincing in its innocence.
[A] smart and charming romantic comedy.
Based on a script by George Wing ("50 First Dates"), co-writer/director John Jeffcoat's struggles with timing and tone are the main drawbacks to this mini cinematic vacation to Mumbai, Bombay.
If Ayesha Dharker and the Kamasutra are waiting for me on the other side, outsource me up, Spock!
Outsourced has a gentle touch with the obvious fish-out-of-water touchstones.
The film's deliberate, carefully paced narrative can't obscure the sense of epiphany that permeates Outsourced.
The problem with making a movie on topical subjects is that by the time of its release, it can seem awfully stale.
Josh Hamilton gives a marvelously engaging performance in this fish-out-of-water comedy.
It is a film bursting with affection for its characters and for India. It never pushes things too far, never stoops to cheap plotting, is about people learning to really see one another. It has a fundamental sweetness and innocence.
Pasteurized for mass consumption, Outsourced goes something like this: 'You crazy Indians!' 'No, you crazy Americans!' Laughter. 'Oh, we're all so wacky! But we have lots to teach each other.'
A wonderful surprise.
The story of one man's inner self-discovery during his time in India, Outsourced is a fish-out-of-water tale of the distinctly white and schmucky kind.
A dreadfully obvious and predictable romantic comedy.
A tour de force comedy/drama about the positive effects of cross-cultural understanding and spiritual openness.
I guess Outsourced is simply too bright and pleasant to become a huge hit, but it's a confident little genre film with near-classic charm.
Despite its direct, documentary-style title, Outsourced is a fluffy comedy that never sacrifices its lightness for its message. Even more notably, the reverse never happens, either.
Engaging, unpredictable, hilarious and entertaining at every turn, this charming thoroughly modern romantic romp offers all you could ever ask of a cross-cultural comedy, plus it paints a plausible picture of the pitfalls of sending jobs overseas.
It's a celebration of cultural diversity and an affirmation that, despite differences in race, religion, and societal norms, people are essentially the same, with a lack of understanding being a key block to better relations.
If you've ever been baffled by the culture of another country, you'll have particular empathy for the principal performer of this delightful comedy.
What might have been a cheap imitation of the endless studio vehicles for top stars is, really, something that will entertain you with its own, rough-edged and more modest, merits.
Problems emerge as the lightweight vibe eventually becomes oppressive...
A good-spirited and silly comedy that is firmly grounded in reality.
Fun as it is, the film's greatest failure is to present a catalogue of stereotypes on both sides of the India/America divide which feeds the farce ... but foils any notion of social commentary.
Outsourced is a light, charming film that addresses the issue of outsourcing from a perspective a lot of Americans have probably never considered: That of the third world workers who both benefit from and are exploited by businesses seeking higher profits
This unaffected charmer treats a hot-button contempo issue with old-fashioned grace and benevolent wit.



@highlight

Outsourced is a charming and lighthearted comedy that appeals because of its timeliness and strong cast of likeable characters.