Packed with lovely moments and vivid nostalgia for youthful passion.
[PODCAST]Here's a film with a young, powerful, and complicated female lead (played by Lou Roy-Lecollinet). Arnaud Desplechin should be a household name.
There's no lack of youthful energy and spontaneity, but nothing makes a lasting impression.
Two beautifully modulated central performances and an accomplished sense of pacing are undone by the weary drone of familiarity in this lovelorn French melodrama from the writer-director Arnaud Desplechin.
The film is an undeniable pleasure, with a wicked sense of humour and real heart.
Don't be put off by the subtitles - this is one of the great modern teen movies.
Desplechin's film-making language is always fluent and rich.
This quasi-autobiographical trilogy is further proof that AD is the Proust of modern French cinema.
Impeccably staged and played, this scattershot reflection on the follies, glories and regrets of youth pays affectionate tribute to a world of handwritten letters and payphones that has all but disappeared.
Desplechin allows the search for lost times to unfold with a light touch, a vivid sense of Paris in the 1980s and 1990s, and a cast who bring freshness and vitality to the most familiar ingredients of a first great love. It has been well worth the wait.
Desplechin's haunting and heartbreaking rumination on the growing pains of growing up adds up to a story with strong connective tissue that's well worth seeing.
A sensitive film of surprising changes of rhythm and tone that become constant, enriching in an arborescent way its sense but never modifying it. [Full review in Spanish]
Lou Roy-Lecollinet, Mathieu Amalric and Quentin Dolmaire all give great performances in this emotional roller coaster of a movie. The story itself seems a bit disjointed at times, but it works well enough due to the strength of the main characters.
The film is much, much more interesting in its first quarter or third than it ever is again.
Clocking in at two hours was too long for it to hold my attention
A film that gives us one of this year's most attractive love stories. [Full review in Spanish]
A film with a solid script and direction as well as good performances and an amazing soundtrack. [Full review in Spanish]
Unfortunately, the cast of 'My Golden Days' is not as talented as the one from the previous film. [Full review in Spanish]
It's very French and this memoir slips into literary narration in the third remembrance, the longest and most complicated section of the film, as if the omniscient narrator has cast his life as a novel.
My Golden Days isn't perfect, but much like memories of our own youth, I'm not entirely certain it is meant to be, and as such the film becomes a far more emotionally powerful endeavor because of this.
... finds a balance of humor, romance and poignancy throughout most of its segments that crosses cultural boundaries.
A devastating romance that lingers feverishly in the mind.
This is truly a the New Nouvelle Vague. [Full review in Spanish]
You can enjoy the film in so many levels that the experience of seeing it is very fulfilling. [Full review in Spanish]
There's not much innovation in the story nor in the characters. [Full review in Spanish]
This movie glows.
traverses coming-of-age territory that in any other hands might immediately seem over-familiar, but here retains the spark of surprise
Family, friendship and young love are remembered, fondly and angrily, in My Golden Days, director Arnaud Desplechin's stirring drama about the fluid nature of memory.
A remarkable French film about the pain and pleasure of first love.
The easiest way to describe "My Golden Days" is as a coming-of-age romance, but Arnaud Desplechin's film, with its memories and carefully nursed grudges and moments of heartbreak and betrayal, feels weightier than that.
The details - some funny, some intensely painful - of Paul and Esther's relationship over the years have a cumulative power that isn't diminished by a few loose ends.
A New Wave-style stunner that burns with passion and heartbreak.
Desplechin draws uniformly superb performances from his young cast, making the coming-of-age genre seem fresh and vital.
While the ghosts of teen romances past no doubt hover over many of us, after a while you might find yourself wanting to slap Paul Dedalus across the face.
Dense, lyrical, and polymorphous.
My Golden Days is ostensibly a prequel to My Sex Life, but more so, it's in conversation with all of Desplechin's films. That's what gives this film an extra emotional heft and the fizzy disorientation of "I remember this rabbit hole."
...you don't need to see "My Sex Life" to enjoy "My Golden Days," which is wonderful by merit for several reasons, including young stars...
Ye gods, do French directors love filming nude and nubile young women, even if their characters don't care about what's under the flesh.
There are some perceptive passages dealing with the infuriating inconstancy of young love, and a few pointed scenes featuring the adult Paul (played by Mathieu Amalric), but overall this overlong movie is too knowingly coy for its own good.
Wonderfully evocative, funny, sad, complex, and essential passages from a man's childhood and adolescence.
Desplechin presents the high schoolers' relationships with an adult complexity, from which the grown-up Paul seems to stand back in awe.
The movie masterfully crystallizes the unruly, episodic nature of memories, re-creating the way certain small things stay with us while other, much larger events recede into a haze of cigarette smoke.
Much like memory's relationship to dreams, there is a lot that's dumped out here, some things taking priority, others making brief yet significant appearances.
Will My Golden Days... come to be considered a classic? I'd like to think so, and not only because of the film's winning grace and buoyancy.
Heartstoppingly quick and accurate in slightest gestures, the readiest emotions, in the couple's romantic misalignments. This is ravishing cinematic poetry, blooming with simplest sentiment in the most complicated instants.
Reflecting on life inevitably leads a person down twisting, unforeseeable paths. Desplechin captures that sensation with deft, chaotic skill. His film may be fundamentally messy, but there's real beauty in his contemplative clutter.
My Golden Days is a beautiful exploration of the impossibility of leaving behind one's past, and the indelibility of first love.
My Golden Days is undoubtedly anchored by the always captivating performance of Mathieu Amalric, who perfectly represents the adult behind the retrospective and introspective journey down memory lane.
The movie runs along a well-worn groove, both in its fealty to adolescent sorrows and in its stout conviction that cigarettes constitute a major food group. As in all Desplechin films, however, surprises are continually sprung ...
"My Golden Days" exists simultaneously within and outside of its characters' headspace, a testament to Deplechin's powers of imaginative sensitivity.
...one of the most nakedly passionate on-screen romances of the year thus far.
Desplechin crafts My Golden Days as if he'd never made a movie before, as if youthful emotions were spilling all over it. The result is an exhilarating gift.
"My Golden Days" contains an intoxicatingly realistic portrayal of the intense emotionality, the intertwined joy and pain, of first love. It's not the whole film, but its power is so strong it feels like it is.
The story is straightforward; the telling, less so.
Though ever so slightly less busy than Arnaud Desplechin's best known films, 'Kings & Queen' and 'A Christmas Tale,' it's still a riot of wondrous stuff.
It's impossible to say how autobiographical My Golden Days is, but there's no question that it's profoundly personal.
It's a treat to watch, covered in eccentric strokes and oddball details that seem too specific not to be extremely personal.
Golden Days [...] feels too insular, as if created for [director Desplechin] and a circle of intimates, rather than the rest of us sitting out there in the dark.
Whatever its virtues as a prequel, as a stand-alone film it flirts with incoherence.
There is serious pain in this movie - pain that endures throughout the years - but also a sincere love for life lived, and life remembered.
Dramatically shows how your experiences as a youth influences you for the rest of your days.
As evocative and convincing a portrait of youth as the best work of François Truffaut.
Desplechin is so manic, he can't help but explore other avenues, both comic and dramatic, that give My Golden Days an organic, lived-in feel that defies the trajectory of the typical coming-of-age film.
The evocation of period is subtle and the insights into young amour fou even more so in Arnaud Desplechin's masterful film.
Arnaud Desplechin tries his hand at a coming-of-age tale, and does so with equal doses of mature reflection and youthful impetuosity.
At its best, My Golden Days effortlessly captures the liminal state between a halcyon past and an unknown yet tantalising future.
Arnaud Desplechin and Mathieu Amalric revisit the adventures of Paul Dedalus in this marvelously vivid coming-of-age drama.
A Frencher-than-French tale of deeply-anchored yet partially thwarted romance, Arnaud Desplechin's My Golden Days is touching, involving and very well acted.
All the actors ― from Amalric, here in his sixth collaboration with Desplechin ― to the entire cast of youngsters, most with next to no film experience, inhabit their roles fully.

@highlight

My Golden Years is a complex, well-acted coming-of-age drama.