The final third of this movie isn't a remake of the original film but of the bland sappiness of the original kiddie books.
A gummy remake of the George Segal/Jane Fonda 1977 comedy, this is evidently conceived as a showcase for Carrey's waning talents, but it suffers from a mouldy premise and the slightly unsavoury underlying message.
If you are one of the many out of work right now, try this movie for a good laugh.
Fun with Dick and Jane is an extended Enron joke used to give Jim Carrey plenty of opportunity to mug for the camera. Everything else is more or less perfunctory to that.
Consider it a signed confession of remake rape when a "produced by Jim Carrey" credit appears atop his noodle-limbed exaggeration of "I Believe I Can Fly." his corporate-greed satire doesn't just lack bite. It lacks gnaw. It even lacks nibble.
The downward mobility of the middle class straight to the poverty level, or crime often not as evil, but rather economic desperation, are plot points hardly likely to sit well with those who control this economy and profit from it.
An entertaining and zippy 87 minutes.
In a strange way, it's fitting that a movie about people out of work should itself barely work.
This cynical look at how the American family can only achieve their dreams through crime is a bit more of a political statement rather than comedic entertainment.
A sharp, funny shot at people taking their luxe life too seriously.
The film proposes Carrey as an Everyman for the 21st century. But if you don't sympathize with the film's variations on the American Dream, that's a frightening thought.
Se puede ver simple y sencillamente para pasar el rato, con una buena bolsa de palomitas y un refresco al lado.
A razor-sharp satire on class struggle and the evaporating America dream, which adroitly masquerades as a screwball star turn.
Carrey and Leoni don't achieve much chemistry, mostly because she's so busy playing straight man to his antics.
If fun means money, this is near bankrupt.
Divertido e com uma boa mensagem política, é um exemplo raro em Hollywood: uma comédia que, sem pregações, tem algo importante a dizer.
A not-so-funny comedy is something we've unfortunately learned to live with. But an unfunny comedy with Jim Carrey out front?
A more accurate title would be Not Much Fun With Dick and Jane - Carrey and Leoni keep this watchable but it's painfully light on laughs throughout.
Dick and Jane thereby emerge comically and sentimentally as the unlikeliest of collectivist crusaders.
Sure, you can go and have a few laughs, but it's going to be like that first big paycheck you got before you realized how much is taken off the top, it's just not as good as you hoped for.
Alternating between lowbrow comedy and pointed political commentary is a bold strategy, but the combination results in a film neither dumb enough nor smart enough to work.
Sharp satire coexists uneasily with slapstick comedy... and unless you're Mel Brooks, any attempt to cram them into a blender and hit purée will produce something putrid.
If there's meant to be any satire in the idea that these two will do almost anything to maintain their obscene consumerist lifestyle, it's lost in the poking fun at what lots of ordinary working-class folks do to make a living.
Slumming with Jim and Tea.
Carrey delivers farce when what is needed is satire.
Carrey, in particular, seems to be working overtime in an effort to elicit laughs from some decidedly underwhelming material.
Anyone who likes comedy with an edge will be disappointed at the way this film abandons its clever premise.
It didn't totally suck.
Like a piece of rancid gorgonzola cheese, this oozed its way into theaters as part of the holiday festivities (I guess Columbia Pictures was out of lumps of coal).
Don't waste our time with sentimental homeless crap
Carrey's exhuberance blows Leoni off the screen, and that is not a good thing. The movie is about Dick AND Jane!
The movie starts off silly, soon becomes funny and then skyrockets into irrepressible hilarity.
The title holds true for about 20 minutes or so in the middle of director Dean Parisot's loose remake of the 1977 Jane Fonda-George Segal vehicle ...
Fun With Dick & Jane offers the faintly depressing sight of Jim Carrey, like Dick Harper, doing whatever it takes to earn his supper.
No, a remake of "Fun With Dick and Jane" wasn't necessary. But it's a funny, pleasant enough way to enjoy 90 minutes.
A tepid and uninventive remake
Fun with Dick and Jane feels like a toothless financial fable desperately trying to weed out its satirical naughtiness.
The material is so inherently loaded, the glib portrait is too glaring.
Fun with Dick and Jane produces a handful of big laughs - big enough to make it worth a recommendation.
Laughing at Dick and Jane in savings-account free fall is funny for awhile, but when the script equates Dick's problems with the plight of Mexican migrant workers, the laughs take on a bitter aftertaste.
An uninspired remake of the 1977 film with George Segal and Jane Fonda.
Only fun if you lower your expectations or catch it two years later on TV when you're out of work and can't afford to pay the price of admission for a funnier movie.
Instead of being a satire of the boom-time keeping up with the Joneses, it morphs into more of a "consumption is king" reaffirmation of that dangerous attitude...would be funnier if it hadn't hurt so many people.
... a flabby and chicken-hearted remake
There is some clever social satire here, but only in fits and starts, and never toward a cohesive goal.
Basically, act one is too long, act two is too short and act three comes from another movie.
What a waste!!!
Fun With Dick and Jane is a rip-off -- in more ways than one.
They are funny bits, but there are too few of them. Fun With Dick and Jane just isn't all that fun.
Distances itself by avoiding satire and embracing big, dumb comedy.
Neither bad nor particularly good, but just there, which may prove to be its biggest selling point in a season front-loaded with Oscar contenders.
Jim Carrey is hilarious as a man who slowly goes insane when his American Dream turns into a nightmare.
See Jim run. See Jim amusingly ad-lib. See Jim run his routine into the ground.
A sharp and funny 1977 comedy has been dumbed-down by turning it into a lame, overly broad Jim Carrey vehicle.
The only honest thing about the film was they didn't put a gun to your head and make you buy a ticket.
Born and bred to be a winner.
It's not exactly "fun" that you have with Dick and Jane. More like bewilderment, boredom and pain.
In striving for inspiration, Fun with Dick and Jane discovers moments of cleverness, but there aren't enough of them, nor are they sustained.
The movie errs badly when it forgets it's a comedy, ultimately positing Dick and Jane as middle-class antiheroes acting on behalf of little folk everywhere.
Over the top Carrey is best left in the past.
Ridiculous, but gleefully so.
A congenial, end-of-year trifle aimed at providing families with somewhere to go after all the presents have been opened.
We're just having a bit of breezy Fun With Dick and Jane, yes, but the film works in a few subtle jabs too.
Fun With Dick and Jane is a silly comedy, but it draws some blood...
Most of it plays out as sub-medium-grade farce, but Carrey has some funny calisthenic bits where he appears to have the pliability of a rubber toy.
This is something that should have waited for the February doldrums when theatergoers are starved for entertainment.
Fun with Dick and Jane seems proud of its satirical association with the recent corporate scandals. But the movie wants the credit without doing the work.
The Bonnie and Clyde formula gets a healthy dose of laughing gas with this hilarious and apropos slice of social commentary.
If ever there was a paycheck movie, Fun with Dick and Jane is it.
This kind of zany stuff is Carrey's forte, and so it is for Leoni, too. They make a grand pair, and their willingness to look stupid -- not to mention risking injury with various leaps and pratfalls -- gives the movie humour and energy.
The comic payoff is slow to come and culminates in a kind of triumph-of-the-little-guy ending that only Frank Capra can pull off.
This Dick & Jane is precisely the kind of social-problem comedy you'd expect from well-intentioned millionaires unaccustomed to putting their money where their mouths are.
It's fun, and that's fine.
Noticing these echoes leads the viewer to consider -- and even at 85 minutes, the film allows the mind to wander -- what a comedy built around the talented Leoni might be like.
One of the least appealing elements in Hollywood movies now is the element of entrenched hypocrisy -- especially the sleek, anti-capitalist messages embedded in films that are absolutely slick corporate products (and sold accordingly).
The desperation isn't made real, and yet their robberies are all too real. It's in this weird zone, not weird enough for drama, not wild enough for comedy, and only Carrey's moment-by-moment zaniness squeaks out any laughs at all.
Other than its 85-minute running time, the movie is in all other ways imperfect, which is just about what you want from one of Jim Carrey's slapdash slapstick comedies. Perfection would ruin it.
Would somebody, please, find the right comic vehicle for Téa Leoni?
Likable, inventive and occasionally very biting.
Fun with Dick and Jane isn't the least bit interested in the corporate satire it could have created.
Remarkably redundant.
Dick and Jane are fun enough, just not nearly as much fun as they should have been. This is a comedy that's all about the message. It needed to be more about the laughs.
There's something quietly but unmistakably angry underneath all the slapstick. In its own crowd-pleasing way, Dick and Jane '05 wouldn't be out of place on a double-bill with Enron: The Smartest Guys in the Room.
Speaking of corporate malfeasance, Fun with Dick & Jane cost a disgraceful $100 million -- approximately 33 times the price tag of the 1976 original.
Fun With Dick and Jane is instantly forgettable. Heck, it's not even that much fun while you're watching it.
The problem is Fun With Dick And Jane doesn't have the surehanded direction and timing to work as slapstick, and it's not smart enough to work as satire.
It's formless and toothless and, most critically, not all that fun.
In Fun with Dick and Jane, despair means having to turn in your BMW and hocking the plasma TV set.
The sharp script by Judd Apatow and Nicholas Stoller and Dean Parisot's steady direction keep things on a higher level as the movie skewers American excess.
See Jim Carrey mug for the camera. Mug, Jim, mug!
Fun With Dick and Jane is the best kind of remake: It takes a dated film most people haven't seen or vaguely remember and updates the basic premise in a way that plugs it into here and now.
Instead of making you think about the state of life in an economically challenged America, it leaves you wondering whether Carrey's career isn't starting to sputter.
Here is a revised primer: See Jim Carrey ham it up. See Téa Leoni have appealing fun with scant material. See studio execs digging into their vault for old material. See ... oh, why not just wait for the DVD.
There's nothing like a bloated Hollywood misfire to teach us a lesson in corporate excess.
The title Fun With Dick and Jane should be considered creative advertising rather than an audience guarantee.
The movie avoids the rich opportunities to plop Carrey and Leoni into the middle of a political lampoon, and turns to tired slapstick, wigs, false beards, 'funny' bank holdups, and so on.
The trailer's misleading, as there's more to absorb here than Jim Carrey's proficient but constant mugging.
As satires go, this is a drive-by shooting that tickles.
Finally, some escapist fun to get us through the holidays.
For a comedy with so much politico-cultural baggage on its mind, Dick and Jane remains curiously inert.
See Dick steal. See Jane drive the getaway car.
Irritatingly, Judd Apatow and Nicholas Stoller's updated screenplay opts for obviousness and strained slapstick over wit at every turn and makes the fatal mistake of telegraphing far too many of the jokes long before they hit.
The film coasts on Carrey's enthusiasm alone and without him, I can only imagine how lackluster this remake would be.
Dick and Jane is running the ball on third down, asking your ex to the prom or attending junior college. It's a safety flick, and nothing else.
Not a disaster, but not as much 'fun' as the title might suggest either. Wait for the DVD or even cable.
It almost took away my Christmas cheer.
A flattened jumble.
Anyone familiar with the infamous Enron or WorldCom accounting scandals could have written this film (and possibly a better one)
The movie's closing dedication to corporate scandals, including Enron, Tyco, Adelphia and WorldCom, is funny. Too bad the film itself isn't as clever.
Fun? Not so much.
The rare Hollywood remake that, by daring to reinterpret its source material within a fresh political context, actually has a reason to exist; the results, if not exactly subtle, are still fun enough to fend off any charges of titular false advertising.
The film's overall frantic tone can't disguise the fact that the picture offers little delivery for all its buildup. Everyone involved with this production must have known there was a good movie somewhere, but no one's been quite able to find it.
It's hard to find too much fault with a movie as cheerfully twisted as this one
It's inoffensive material with few laughs and even fewer jabs. And when the end credits thank guys such as Jeffrey Skilling and Bernie Ebbers, you'll swear it should be the other way around.
Remakes, which rarely make sense, are even more questionable when what's being remade was underwhelming to begin with.
The fun in the film's title comes from watching comfortably middle-class people do without the usual buffers and privileges.
A shrill remake that opts for shtick over satire.
It's so incoherent, you actually feel sort of insulted that the filmmakers think little enough of you to release it in this condition.
It may be the holidays, but Carrey and his cohorts offer precious little cheer here...The first movie of this title...wasn't much fun, and this updating is even less so.
Starts out as a nifty satire, then turns ghastly for most of its running time.
[This] second-rate Jim Carrey movie is still better than most comedies.
A sendup of Enron and companies like it without the earnestness of the documentary "Enron" but with the high spirits of a man who tries various ways to get back.
Parison keeps the action well paced so that there is not one minute that drags. This is a comedy of ultimate revenge. At 90 minutes, it's silly and enjoyable.
Fun With Dick and Jane is exactly that - a bit of holiday fun.
Social commentary mingles with stupid comedy in this humorless update of a 1977 George Segal-Jane Fonda romp.











@highlight

This muddled comedy has a few laughs, but never sustains a consistent tone.