By the punishing heft of the big fight, there is the clear hint that the series will soon plunge into an unpalatable patriotic fervour. For now, though, with its leathery texture of working class Philly-life it felt enough like reality.
Although Rocky II builds itself around a rematch between Rocky and Apollo, the movie is anything but a lazy sequel.
Sly sequel is as predictable as a gym workout.
Taking what John G. Avildsen accomplished with the first film and then adding his own style, Stallone comes forward as an action visionary, with the fight scene a vast improvement when compared to the original.
Stallone and producers Irwin Winkler and Robert Chartoff know from experience audiences love to root for the underdog and have concocted an irresistible final 30 minutes.
Pretty good sequel, among several that followed, this time directed by Stallone.
Considerably less satisfying than the original Rocky, but head and shoulders above the later installments.
Sylvester Stallone's follow-up to his runaway success of 1976 is a little more threadbare in spots than the original, but it still has some conviction and spunk.
...can't help but come off as the most needless installment of the bunch...
"Rocky II" represents far more than just a good-looking fight. It's all about trusting in yourself and overcoming fear in striving for greatness.
A very good sequel even though the result of the climactic Balboa vs. Creed rematch is pretty much a foregone conclusion. This is where the series should have ended.
Stallone's performance as a Philadelphia saint in a B movie physique leaves you undecided whether to gag or sob, but the final fight sequences make up for it; a full-blooded Hollywood finale reaching giddy heights of cathartic glee.
Rocky II has a waxy feeling, and it never comes to life the way its predecessor did.
Rocky II is carried on the strong shoulders of Sylvester Stallone who puts in a stellar performance as a loving husband and a good friend.
The best of the sequels. Explores the aftermath of Rocky's success.
It's entertaining enough, but Stallone would have done well to retire Rocky after his second outing.
While cruder than the first film, Rocky II successfully drives its hero back to the underdog status needed to make the final fight as exciting and satisfying as it is.











@highlight

Rocky II is a movie that dares you to root again for the ultimate underdog -- and succeeds due to an infectiously powerful climax.