It has the emotional content of a three-minute dance track.
Zac Efron, in the central role of Cole, does a lot of that funny thing with his eyes that he mistakes for acting, while director Max Joseph concentrates on pointing his voyeuristic camera at Emily Ratajkowski's chest.
What Friends needs is a leading man who can propel us past the inherent boredom of this artistic endeavor by virtue of his charisma, but Zac Efron is not that guy...
Efron is a natural and likeable presence on screen and has proven to be a pretty decent actor in films like Hairspray and The Paperboy. But the problem with "regularness" is that, in the wrong hands, it's kind of dull.
'We Are Your Friends' is a big-screen soap opera-all beautiful people, all the time, who wear very small bathing suits, and jump up and down near swimming pools to 128 bpm.
With endless talk of BPM and EQ levels, DJ-ing is - at best - inherently uncinematic and, at worst, dull as a dust cover.
We Are Your Friends is an entertaining film, if only to pass the time. But it won't give you anything deep or meaningful; it's one of those movie options to enjoy with the kind of friends with no interest in cinema at all. [Full Review in Spanish]
Not unlike the generation it's trying to represent, We Are Your Friends never really takes the time to consider what it would like to say.
The execution is so laden with dated stylistic quirks that it feels like a relic from the late 1990s. The plot is pretty cookie-cutter too.
Efron is utterly convincing as Cole, a guy dreaming of creating a dance track that will turn him into the next big thing.
When it's trying to be a stern melodrama about achieving your dreams and igniting your passion, it comes off as inadvertently laughable.
We Are Your Friends is a blatant retread of Saturday Night Fever, a cynical move built on the assumption that most millennials haven't seen the original.
There's something sick at the very centre of this party culture, and the movie wanders around it - poking at its festering sores and cataract eyes - without actually taking its pulse.
It won't move anyone and everything you've seen in movies about struggling musicians will be there. [Full review in Spanish]
Entertaining, but... ultimately forgettable. [Full review in Spanish]
A film made with a lof of heart, but deffinately not for everyone. [Full review in Spanish]
Efrons new movie isnt going to become a classic, but its a well acted film, it feels honest and at least is inspired. [Full review in Spanish]
An honest take on the general process of creating EDM music. [Full review in Spanish]
Basically the perfect summer movie, this lightweight drama has a great-looking cast and plenty of youthful energy, but not much authenticity or depth.
An anecdotic film that tries to touch on a lot of subjects and really attempts to be contemplative, but end up being, at best, superficial. [Full review in Spanish]
A little grittiness interspersed with the neon party lights and techno flash would've made things more interesting.
When the characters in the film are this obnoxious or dully conceived it becomes interminable, even at ninety odd minutes.
In the line of succession for Channing Tatum's throne as Hollywood's go-to charismatic bro type, Efron's still pretty far down.
We Are Your Friends is a movie that examines a subculture and takes some effort to explain what it's all about, but not once does it try to make you care about anything that happens on screen.
Visually playful passages explaining how tracks are put together are especially knowing. And this intelligence is underscored by the clever decision to use incidental music containing no beats at all -- thus making the club-spinning scenes more exciting.
... overflows with style and attitude, yet it doesn't have much substance beneath its pulsating beats and intermittently intoxicating visuals.
A sometimes goofy study of the DJ scene which is hopelessly familiar in structure but has enough pleasingly cheesy charm to make up for it.
We Are Your Friends feels like a failed examination of the millennial generation.
An enjoyable movie about music, maturity and relationships, 'We Are Your Friends' is a little offbeat. That's because it's set in the club community of California
We Are Your Friends is to electronic dance music DJs what Punchline is to standup comedians, a laughable repre-Zen-tation of what it's like to be them.
Even setting aside for a moment that We Are Your Friends feels several years late to its own party, the film is still somehow both cloyingly of-the-moment and instantly obsolete.
Bentley is on great form. If anything, though, he's too good. Every time he disappears, the music dies.
I went with low-ish expectations, which for the first 20 minutes or so showed every sign of being met as one dude yo-duded another dude, only for the film to win me round, rather, with its sheer energy.
Slickly directed by Max Joseph and well performed by Efron it is, like its hero, too laid back for its own good but an entertaining insight into a colourful world.
A return to intriguing form for Zac Efron after the patience-testing trials of That Awkward Moment and Bad Neighbours.
There is a howling deadness at the heart of "Friends" however; it lies in the charisma-challenged relationship of Zac Efron's Young DJ and Emily Ratajkowski's Hot Girlfriend.
As Cole forages among the sounds of his everyday life in his quest for the one killer EDM track that will make his name, director Max Joseph gives the accompanying images real zest and zip.
If some of those beats are cliched (and many are) [Joseph] spins them with visual flair and an ear for 'an accute sense of assemblage.'
Disappointing romantic dramas like this are why the August/September period is known as a dumping ground.
A plethora of beats drop but little else of note - musical or otherwise - happens in the Zac Efron DJ fest We Are Your Friends.
It's the perfect one-last-blast movie for the end of summer.
We Are Your Friends is a beautifully absurd millennial angst fantasy, as shallow yet infectiously catchy as an EDM song.
Is it a comedy? A coming of age film? A cautionary tale? A romance? These Friends can't make up their minds.
More than any other film (I've seen), a millennial anthem.
Zac Efron and Emily Ratajkowski are both extremely attractive people who seem better suited to modeling than acting; they give empty portrayals as empty characters in an empty film.
The buzz of restless energy in co-writer/director Max Joseph's movie at times keeps it from finding a groove, but it certainly captures the Millennial uncertainty at its center.
It's as if a Michael Lewis story or a 1980s Paul Schrader movie were intercepted by studio marketing execs who said, "You should turn Saturday Night Fever into a commercial for SunnyD."
[Minnie is] played with Oscar-worthy emotional precision by 23-year-old British actress Bel Powley.
Director Joseph captures the vital energy and druggie haze of EDM parties, providing a peek into a world not often seen on the big screen.
Its poignance comes from the film's desire to treat the aspirations and emotions of its tender-hearted, kinda dim hero seriously while maintaining enough distance to feel wiser and more mature than he is.
We Are Your Friends has an undeniably nice beat, but it never hits the magic tempo that is so vital in getting everyone to euphorically groove.
Zac Efron is a long way from his High School Musical roots in this surprisingly dark and self-conscious drama about a young DJ from the San Fernando Valley.
It's all big, dumb, broad strokes, with plot points visible from miles away. But it works where it matters: The music is fantastic, and the film invests you in its central relationship.
Showgirls for guys. Kind of lame.
Makes the mistake of making its protagonist not particularly dynamic. And his circle of friends and enablers around him were just atrociously unlikable. (Full Content Review - Sex, Nudity, Violence, Profanity, etc. - for Parents available)
It all ends exactly the way you knew it would, although not as soon as you'd like.
Heartthrob Zac Efron plays an aspiring electronic dance music DJ in this harmless, by-the-numbers flick that has two or three imaginative scenes and a star you can't help but root for.
OK, but delivering pretty visuals trumps the need for development and true emotion, and that includes the actors.
"We Are Your Friends" is a movie that explores the beat and pace of the dance floor, but its bpm flatlines.
If you suspend your disbelief for some of the weaker plot points and unnecessary use of the c-word, the film is palatable.
If you find yourself in an auditorium watching We Are Your Friends, there's no need to get up and leave. On the other hand, there's no compelling reason to be put in that position in the first place.
It never persuades us that EDM anything but derivative, mostly because the movie is, too.
One of the better recent music-scene films. Niche, maybe, but nice.
At times the movie plays like a sluggish road company of Entourage.
Why do film-makers insist that Zac Efron must have regular shirtless epiphanies in the shower?
There's no satisfying dramatic sweep there, a deficiency not helped by the fact that women in this world are depicted as hot chattel for their successful male counterparts.
[A] flawed but fitfully entertaining film, even if it all goes a bit Pete Tong at the end.
If the heroes of Max Joseph's club-hopping drama were so much as casual acquaintances, you'd probably throw your mobile phone down a ravine and make for the nearest cave.
We Are Your Friends isn't for everybody. It also isn't the hot mess of an EDM-sploitation flick that many fans of the genre had feared.
We Are Your Friends is one of the worst titles of the year, and the trailer was just awful. The actual product is a step up, squarely in land of Below Average.
We Are Your Friends is Magic Mike with turntables, right down to the party scenes oozing with so much potential disease transmission that I wanted a shot of penicillin afterwards, and I'm allergic to penicillin.
The movie never quite decides if it wants to be a sensitive drama of self-actualization or a playful party movie and ultimately misses the mark on both counts.
"We Are Your Friends" is a drama set in the electronic dance music scene and starring Zac Efron, and, yes, that sentence just canceled itself out.
In its defense, it's really difficult to make DJing look physically dramatic on camera, let alone emotional. But, damn it, Zac Efron tries his hardest.
Here is a fatuous film about DJ-ing and clubbing in Los Angeles, whose tired music-video cliches and Entourage-style bro-love would be wearisome at the best of times.
The goal of EDM, at least to its more utopian advocates, is to annihilate the ego and embrace collective rapture. We Are Your Friends doesn't really do that, but it does occasionally crack open the door far enough to offer a glimpse of Eden.
Like most of the musical culture it idolises, it is sub-par.
If the filmmakers were aiming to mimic the flow of electronic dance music, they succeeded. The action slowly builds and breaks down, with dance beats kicking in periodically. Not much resonates here; it's all facile entertainment.
Who is this movie for? Is it aimed at women who will be drawn to Efron, with his cut body and brow furrowed just-so in order to feign depth? It's hard to justify that when the movie seems to have no respect for women at all.
We Are Your Friends tells a routine story, but it tells that story with flashes of insight and admirable conviction.
"We Are Your Friends" will probably date faster than most movies - there can't possibly be a genre more disposable than electronic dance music.
A little harder than the average After School Special, but it's about as obvious, stumbling through dreadful scenes of location identification and male bonding before it's back to the laptop and headphones.
Maybe I'm getting old and cranky, but I like my fictional characters to earn their redemption moments.
Like its protagonist -- a 23-year-old DJ from the San Fernando Valley -- the coming-of-age story We Are Your Friends is sentimental, eager to please, and full of energy.
Aside from Bentley's low-key, committed performance, nothing about the film is remotely compelling on a dramatic level.
On paper, this is dumb -- it's really, really dumb -- but on screen there's something weirdly satisfying to it.
The cast is uniformly good, especially Efron and Bentley as collaborators on the dance floor but rivals in the bedroom.
[If you see it], see it for Wes Bentley's masterful, deadpan performance as the gaunt, aging eminence - 36 is like 75 in DJ years - who pulls his head out of a bottle long enough to do Zac Efron a favor.
If Cole's journey in We Are Your Friends is somewhat predictable, at least there are interesting things to look at along the way.
As an entry-level primer on what moves people on and off the dancefloor, this dinky, but determined little rites-of-passage drama keeps the beat just fine.
It is such a shame that the film falls back on the conservative traditions of the rock and jazz movie.
[I]t even has little of value to say about the simple matter of DJing at a club. Or about renting an apartment with your friends, for that matter.
Despite its questionable title (to whom are the "we" and "your" referring?), the film isn't very approachable. It keeps its distance in the emotional depiction of its relationships.
Efron and Bentley seem woefully out of place as would-be electronic dance music DJs.
By the end ... the original bits fade as easily as one song bleeds into another.
For all its faults, and there are many, there is an energy coursing through it every time the beat drops that is tough to deny.
Despite being jazzed up with woozy camerawork, kinetic editing and splashy graphics, 'We Are Your Friends' is old-fashioned hooey.
When it sticks to the music, which is about 50 percent of the time, "We Are Your Friends" is a success. And when it strays to matters of love, friendship and loss, the film is predictable, slow and jarringly contrived.
By the time Cole reaches a point of self-reflection, even self-criticism, it's too late; the vast emptiness at the movie's center has become unintentionally funny.
Friends shouldn't let friends pay money to see "We Are Your Friends."
Wes Bentley's DJ tells Zac Efron's wannabe that the ideal EDM track would work up the heart-rate of the crowd to 128 beats-per-minute. This movie never even gets us to break a sweat.
One of the dumbest studio films to come along since the days of FROM JUSTIN TO KELLY or SUPERCROSS: THE MOVIE
Efron is excellent in the central role, sensitive and confident, with his movie-star good looks shown to best advantage in his moments of repose.
A dopey rags-to-riches story that uses the EDM scene as its generic backdrop.
We Are Your Friends takes a traditional trade movie -- the Cocktails, the Quicksilvers, the Boiler Rooms -- and infuses it with enough youthful, entrancing chiaroscuro to make it feel original, and vital.
As good as much of the music is, the film still feels like a studio concoction...But, to paraphrase words of wisdom from a previous generation of young dancers from Dick Clark's American Bandstand, it's got a good beat and it's easy to dance to.
It follows a pretty familiar arc, but it hits the required beats with style and a couple of surprisingly well-considered performances.
Will the film seem dated within a few years? Likely, but for the moment it's easy to ignore the silly subplots and let the music move you.
It's fun and raw and dumb - perfect late-summer cinema. Yet Efron, one of our best young actors, gives the movie more than it needs: if not quite gravitas, an emotional tempo.
"We Are Your Friends" is a study in intoxicants: drink, drugs, youth and Emily Ratajkowski. All four are potentially dangerous, yet nearly impossible to leave alone.
While simple and predictable, "We Are Your Friends" still has a lot going for it. It cribs from classics as diverse as "Saturday Night Fever" and "All About Eve," maintains a brisk pace and taps into a sense of millennial economic unease.
Wes Bentley is mesmerizing, and this is so close to being a great coming-of-age story that you wish it wasn't about electronic music.
Not so much a movie as an advertisement for a soft drink or tampons or sneakers or a cell phone for fresh! active! fun! young! people.
As Zac Efront's Cole tiptoes away from his past, the film keenly observes a character who doesn't know how to secure his future, or his identity.
A musical romance about tying beats-per-minute techno music to a dancer's heartbeat. It flatines.
Despite it following a corny narrative and featuring some odd directorial decisions, especially in the final throes, We Are Your Friends is charmingly sincere ...
Injects a throbbing beat and fresh style into a classic coming-of-age tale, but all the electronic dance music and formal experimentation can't keep it out of the mire of a well-worn narrative.
There's a good movie to be made about the DJ club scene. "We Are Your Friends" with Zac Efron is not it.
"Proves to be a film with mood to spare but nothing much to say."
Young, dumb and full of pick-up lines like 'Your body is 81 percent water, and I'm thirsty.'
We Are Your Friends is neither here nor there, like a song that can't decide whether it wants you to dance or be moved.
Sweetly retrieves the EDM genre from the artificiality of elbow-throwing bros and emoji hearts. It's life as mash-up, idealism fighting to survive against adversity.
If you like dance music, skip this and check out the far better Eden instead.
Crucially, the film never pretends that deejaying is a mystical (or even valid) art form -- Cole just wants to express himself, and Efron taps into the same sad tenderness that made him such a tragicomic revelation in Neighbors.
Does not miss its chance to blow...Every bit a screenwriter's idea of what it takes to make it...while accidentally cultivating the pervading sense that real DJs would laugh their asses off at this movie and its endless dopey brodowns.
We Are Your Friends is a disastrous hodgepodge of tonal chaos, jerking our emotions around like a song that can't decide between being Moombahton or Brostep (I have no idea what either of those mean).
"We Are Your Friends" increasingly plays like a synth-heavy soap opera ("As the Table Turns," anyone?) that doesn't so much delve into the EDM phenomenon so much as scan it for easy dramatic hooks and emotional entry points.
Your response may be directly determined by your tolerance for the music, as well as your willingness to spend time with a bunch of likeable but not very bright dudes smoking spliffs and trying to hustle up some cash.
Even an empathetic performance from Zac Efron (and an impressive, nuanced turn from Wes Bentley) can't distract from a movie that mistakes surface flash for probing, zeitgeist-y insights.
Besides Bentley's performance, the only thing "We Are Your Friends" has going for it is the occasional directorial flourish. These jolts are few and far between, but they're most welcome when they arise.

@highlight

We Are Your Friends boasts magnetic stars and glimmers of insight, but they're lost in a clichéd coming-of-age story as programmed as the soundtrack's beats.