...peters out in a fairly substantial way as it approaches its woefully melodramatic finale...
The lead performers, the brighter fillips in Daniel Taplitz's screenplay and Marcos Siega's assured direction make this a pleasing item overall.
If actor Ryan Reynolds isn't careful, he's going to parlay his good looks and engaging presence into a full-time job as a game-show host.
"No amount of CPR can bring this dead fish of a movie back to life."
The cast is good and the themes are compelling, but the execution is a bit of a mess.
The movie lives up to its title. How else to explain the random switch from such a dizzy set up with such promise to a typical, by the numbers relationship drama?
Chaos Theory peddles the usual carpe diem movie bunk.
Chaos Theory, starring Ryan Reynolds, confirms the underground vision of screenwriter Daniel Taplitz, who has re-imagined the screwball comedy in original terms.
Upbeat rom-com grounded in solid work by Ryan Reynolds and Emily Mortimer tells a meaningful story while still staying in-bounds with the PG-13 rating. Unusual Western Canada seacoast photography and upbeat soundtrack make for an entertaining film.
As imperfect as it is, Chaos Theory is much better than most of Hollywood's output this year.
Chaos Theory lives up, or maybe down, to its title, as it's all over the place.
Chaos may make for an interesting life experience, but onscreen it results in a messy and unfulfilling movie.
The only ending that I can think of that these characters deserve would be to have the guys from Funny Games arrive at the cabin to inquire about the availability of some eggs.
This is a spot on brilliant gem of film that goes from one unexpected surprise to another. It had me laughing uncontrollably at times.
Reynolds and Mortimer won't be fazed by this misfire but Chaos Theory certainly lives up to its title. It's a mess.
An uptight efficiency trainer learns to embrace the messy chaos of life when a small indiscretion leads to the collapse of his marriage in this atonal romantic comedy.
Reynolds goes through his emotional paces with conviction and is developing a trademark wounded look that is quite effective.
It's swift and watchable enough, and the actors keep things interesting, but ultimately the movie falls short.
The comic scenes can be arch or shrill, but director Marcos Siega (Pretty Persuasion) does better when the story turns somber and the emotions feel genuine.
The audience, if any, for Chaos Theory is going to be hit with a little puff of celluloid flatulence. The movie won't linger in the air, but that doesn't make it any less embarrassing.
Oh, Ryan Reynolds. We like you. We want to see you succeed. And yet you keep making the wrong choices.
Do the math: X + Y = lousy.
It's genial enough, but it should be called My First Mid-Life Crisis Movie.
Even when he goes 'dark,' it's a pretty harmless rebellion and the film never lets him pass a point of no return.
Some turns in direction are subtle and charmingly rendered and, most notably, paired very, very well with performances to occasionally memorable effect.
A predictable romantic dramedy that isn't particularly tender, moving or amusing, Chaos Theory suffers first and foremost from featuring the least engaging couple to headline a movie in some time.
Dramatically it's neither fish nor fowl, so you can't quite tell if the sandwich is tuna salad or chicken salad.
A dated, unfunny sex comedy.
...could have applied more of its titular conceit to its structure - the film isn't clever enough working Allen's principles into his love life...
Despite its polemic simplicity, Daniel Taplitz's slight parable is charming
Reynolds is more than likable in the lead.
Sometimes, Hollywood producers are too myopic to recognize a winner even when they made it.
Although Chaos Theory is being marketed as a comedy, the film is a dangerously unstable mix of hilarity and knotty earnestness; too severe even to be called a dark comedy but too funny to be dubbed a melodrama.
... one might expect a little runaway energy or a dash of wild spirit under the antics, but there's little punchy anarchy in this controlled experiment.
Combines dark cynical humor with a moving relationship drama that never goes where you might expect.
worth watching if you can get past the schmaltz.
No doubt there's a minute audience who wants to walk out of a Ryan Reynolds movie contemplating the vagaries of life. The rest of us would have settled for a few more laughs.
The script for Chaos Theory must have been wrapped in Kevlar -- it's the only way to explain why it wasn't shot down at the pitch meeting.
Chaos Theory shows just how crucial casting can be to a movie, especially something as sensitive to nuance, idiosyncrasy and timing as a romantic comedy.
Of the many facile ironies at play in Chaos Theory, the title may be the biggest: How can a movie so stuffed with writerly contrivances call itself Chaos Theory?
The performances and Marcos Siega's direction put a pleasing sheen on the material.
At least the film strives for its own quirky rhythm, which can't be said for stuff like 27 Dresses.
Befitting its title, rather a mess...You can describe it as an unfunny dark comedy or a bathetic family drama, but in reality it's both.
...has more ludicrous plot developments than an entire season of soap opera, which would be OK if this were a farce.
Reynolds, called to 180 from anal nebbish to feral beast, is beautifully committed, but he gets no help on the other side of the camera.
While gambling movies are beating the odds lately, Chaos Theory weighs the virtues and catastrophes of living life fanatically uptight instead, with those of the index card variety, and the results range from charming to zany.
The premise is intriguing, but this intended satire never finds a convincing comedic footing.
directed with an inert sense of schmaltz such that after a while it is all but impossible for the audience to pick up on any clues or cues as to what is intended to be funny and what poignant
A bogus and unconvincing narrative that pretends to deal with real human issues like betrayal and paternity.
Marcos Siega's direction is perfunctory, but with a buoyancy that keeps the torments-of-Job aspect of the story from becoming a downer.
Reynolds lets us see the wheels turn throughout this process, crafting Frank's stark behavior change as the thinking man's flip-out.
As long as you don't tie your giggle bib on too tight, there's an exquisite depth and unpredictability to Chaos Theory that's wonderful to observe.
The funny bits are kind of funny. But the dramatic developments, in particular the one that drives the bulk of the story, are far less successful.








@highlight

Ryan Reynolds and Emily Mortimer do what they can, but ultimately Chaos Theory is an overly conventional dramedy.