A kind of counter-narrative, free from partisan political commentary, Amira & Sam takes the smart high ground
A nice little movie that you might well enjoy, if only you'll give it a chance.
Writer-director Sean Mullin's first feature is genuine and human.
Charming performances by the well-cast leads, Martin Starr and Dina Shihabi, compensate for a clunky, contrived, sitcom-ish screenplay.
When the eponymous couple is together, 'Amira & Sam' is an earnest and considerate examination of two people falling in love, but the movie lacks certainty when handling these characters separately.
This modestly affecting romance doesn't exactly break any new ground, but its character-based approach allows it to sidestep some of the usual clichés.
A delightfully engaging, convention-busting slice of of-the-moment America that is far from the typical culture-clash romantic dramedy.
The film soon grows predictable and rather soft, with one too many tiresome, elegiac evocations of 9/11 and its devastating aftermath.
A rather sweet love story following two characters who have seen war alter their perspective on the world.
The script is thoughtful, but its anger is diffuse, with laissez-faire capitalism and the problems of illegal immigrants and returning soldiers jostling for attention.
Chief among its pluses is the low-key warmth of leads Martin Starr and Dina Shihabi.
"Amira & Sam" is all over the map in terms of tone. But it does score a few points as an unusual tale about the casualties of war.
Martin Starr and Dina Shihabi build a wonderful chemistry between their characters, but a heartwarming nature is struck down by an unbalanced script that struggles to speak volumes about the unfortunate state of American social norms.
A stilted romance, an attempt at diversity and honesty that ends up phony and conventional.
Ingratiatingly charming, playful, and, above all, honest in its depiction of a budding albeit problematic romance between a recently returned army veteran and a thoroughly modern young Iraqi woman.
Amira & Sam is a sweet little movie that seeks to subvert our expectations of romantic comedies in various ways.
This indie drama is unconvincing as a love story and heavy-handed in its message of tolerance.
War films tend to take on varied guises, and the cinema spawned from our Middle Eastern engagements is no exception, yet Amira & Sam is itself altogether exceptional.
It gets by on low-level sweetness and guile until delivering an unexpectedly powerful emotional sucker-punch at the end.
A love story whose likable stars can't compensate for a story that tediously adheres to formula.
Amira and Sam is both a wonderful story of comfortable love and of the consequences that arise when a community can't accept a particular kind of normalcy.
Under writer-director Sean Mullin, everything clicks.
A movie that handles race, class and militarism with a light touch, Sean Mullin's Sam & Amira is at bottom a romance whose protagonists don't quite fit in the worlds that raised them.
Starr and Shihabi, a charming newcomer, play off each other beautifully, and even when the film becomes a little too heavy-handed, their relationship keeps it grounded.
Abrupt and somewhat predictable, but the stars win us over and make us believe in this unlikely love affair
Calling a movie a "solid rental" generally carries a derisive tinge, but it's honestly meant here in the best sense.
Writer-director Sean Mullin gives us some of the usual beats, but he and his performers invest them with rare persuasive power ...
Army vet turned filmmaker Mullin directs this Romeo and Juliet cross-cultural post-Iraq undocumented romance touching on his own daily round trip journey from Ground Zero by day to standup by night. And, a rarely seen spotlight on Arab women in movies.

@highlight

Amira &amp; Sam doesn't quite live up to its premise -- or the chemistry of its stars -- but its flaws are overcome by its sweet, subversive charm.