If you're like me and have a sense of humor that's still stuck in seventh grade, then Your Highness will have you repeating one-liners for days after.
Your Highness is actually a pretty good looking film. It just isn't very funny.
[Justin] Theroux's villainous warlock Leezar steals the show.
Your Highness is not that bad.
The best way to characterize the film is to call it juvenile, although one has to wonder what juvenile could dream up something this vile and deranged.
The only saving grace of this film is the cast, which includes some fantastic actors, slumming it for a paycheck.
This is teenage junk trash rendered lovingly. I see no problem with that. And if I ever kill a minotaur, I know what I'm taking as a trophy.
Your Highness never sacrifices its cheerful, one-thing-after-another absurdity, or its inability to take itself even remotely seriously.
Your Highness hits more than it misses but the effort is substantially lacking, which particularly unexpected considering the gifted people involved.
Quite a comedown and a buzz kill, after "Pineapple Express."
Director David Gordon Green and writers Danny McBride and Ben Best have put together a completely unfunny film filled to the brim with non-stop sexual references and other bits of lowbrow humor.
It's time for Green to make one of the moody, downbeat, haunting indie dramas with which he initially made a name for himself.
If Green wanted to make an awesome fantasy film, he should have, and if he wanted to make a great stoner comedy, well, he already did once.
A surprisingly boring throwback to '80s fantasy, with a disgusting amount of potty humor, violence and foul language tossed in to generate the shallowest of laughs.
There are glimmers of inspired comedy, but rather than explore the genre's stereotypes, the movie constantly falls back on smut.
A spirited and (mostly) funny genre spoof from the same team responsible for Pineapple Express.
Who could have possibly thought any of this is funny?
Green's film is what happens when a talented director and cast indulge almost every one of their silly, sophomoric impulses; though not perfectly streamlined, the results are frequently hilarious all the same.
Just don't expect too much from it and remember to switch off your brain.
McBride, who also created the indelible character of Kenny Powers on HBO's "Eastbound and Down," has most of the good lines and he makes the most of them
In theory, I suppose it would be funny-and incongruous-if in the middle of a serious costume drama a noble action hero uttered a four-letter word. Hearing Danny McBride do just that, repeatedly, in Your Highness not only isn't funny but grows wearisome...
In case you miss the joke, McBride helpfully arcs an eyebrow and cocks his head to signal the punchline. And with all the subtlety of Thor, he hammers most of his crude one-liners in the direction of Portman as the vengeful warrior chick Isabel.
Good fun.
...boasts a pervasively absurd atmosphere that's heightened on an all-too-frequent basis by the almost uniformly over-the-top performances.
I found myself laughing a lot at this rotten movie.
I love McBride and Franco and will watch them in anything -- it's a bonus that there are corsets and scary labyrinths.
Less of a stoner comedy than the title and marketing suggested, but still impressively committed to being as offensive as possible, I found myself appreciating the depths this was willing to plumb.
Obviously the makers of Your Highness are competing with Zack Snyder in the race to see who can waste money fastest and in the most outrageous manner possible.
The movie coughs, splutters and nods off on the job repeatedly -- as if everyone hit the weed so hard they forgot there were cameras rolling.
With the comedy proving uneven, this surprisingly works better as an epic adventure ride than a vulgar farce.
It's like going at the dragon with your scimitar but then rolling a 6 and accidentally cutting off your own leg.
For once, the trailer for a new comedy didn't spoil the best bits. Unfortunately, that's because there aren't any.
An irreverent romp with knights, swords and daggers fighting with valour for honour, revenge and a damsel in distress - and a horse carriage load of expletives
At the same time, Green is far too talented a filmmaker for this picture to be quite this unrelentingly terrible, and for everyone involved I can't help but think this is a collective low none of them will soon live down.
A royal flop
It's impossible to smoke enough weed to make this movie seem funny.
A textbook example of ye olde two-joke movie -- and beneath those two jokes, there's precious little else to fall back on.
It's Animal House Does The Holy Grail; the wit and antics of The Princess Bride are replaced with porn-imagery and swear words. Beyond such lazy writing, the movie can't really be bothered to spoof any elements of the fantasy genre.
If you go along with the silliness in the film and you'll have fun, but Your Highness is still very hit and miss.
This expensive, laugh-free sword-and-sorcery folly doesn't even deliver on the medieval stoner movie promise of its punning title...
More penis-in-codpiece than tongue-in-cheek.
Sitting through this crude fantasy comedy may be challenging for certain viewers, but it helps to remember that funny is in the eye of the beholder.
God almighty, this is one awful movie.
How the filmmakers managed to line up an A-list cast is baffling, because they've been handed the Lamest. Gags. Ever.
Dudes, we get it.
[A] largely witless medieval farrago...
I went in hoping for a more inventive Princess Bride, or a less uneven Monty Python And The Holy Grail. I came out wondering what drugs the cast had been ingesting.
Your Highness has been compared to such cinematic disasters as Meet The Spartans. It's far better than that but, the sad thing is, it could also have been so much more.
Suffers from a chronically lazy script, irritating characters and dirth of funny ideas.
Danny McBride leads the cast in an immature broad comedy calculated to outrage those nose-wrinklers of a peevish and fastidious disposition.
It's bad. It makes Mel Brooks's Robin Hood: Men in Tights look like a masterpiece.
It's bawdy, profane and rampantly lecherous. It's also very funny ...
I got the idea, because of the title, that 'Your Highness' would be a stoner comedy. It is in a couple of spots. More than that, though, it's a just-serviceable, grownups-only nod to other medieval fantasy movies.
There's nakedness and campy gore galore. If you don't mind that plus ridiculously crude dialogue, this one's for you. For the rest of us it's disgusting, unfunny and distasteful.
Pot comedies may not be rocket science but a few more script revisions would have probably gone a long way here.
A medieval comedy that will only appeal to those with a taste for silly accents, anachronistic cursing and jokes about masturbation.
There are too many missed opportunites and too many instances of glaring, easily-fixable problems left to creak and dangle in our faces.
What more could you want? Answer: a script!
Your Highness is a tale of derring-do in the tradition of Sinbad the Sailor, complete with thrilling escapades, high jinks and some pretty exciting action sequences.
This is a surefire winner for audiences who are either stoned, aged 15, or both.
Less sword and sorcery than f-word and saucery, this is a frequently funny foul-mouthed fantasy adventure with a gleefully puerile script and strong comic performances from McBride and Franco.
With McBride and Franco trying on knowingly bad Brit accents and the entire cast clearly having a whale of a time, the impression is of the world's daftest, priciest, least self-serious end-of-the-pier panto.
There are funny lewd, crude comedies, and there are lame lewd, crude comedies. Regrettably, this is the second type.
Even as an amiably stupid laid-back comedy, Your Highness is unforgivably pointless.
And the crowd roars - why, Natalie, why?
What if you wrote a comedy and nobody laughed?
People nowadays often do and say things that people in Medieval England did not do and say. Imagine if they had done and said them back then. And repeat.
Your Highness is quite literally a hilarious, sex-obsessed adult fairy tale with a big heart...
Neither a wacky spoof nor an ironic comedy, this is just pointlessly goofy.
We are not amused.
Sword and sorcery movies often resemble parodies of themselves even when they are intended to be taken seriously. And then there are genre spoofs like Your Highness that are meant to be funny and leave you stone-faced.
Like a joint rolled with graph paper
A decent, affectionate, fitfully funny take on the fantasy genre, but this could have been so much more. For fans of this sort of comedy only.
Far from the frat-boys-on-a-mission jaunt it should have been, Your Highness proves that a bad fantasy film with swearing and dick jokes is still a bad fantasy film.
It's supposed to be a send-up of 70s fantasy films, but all it really does is recycle a bunch of crude jokes so obvious and unfunny even Cheech and Chong would have thrown them out.
There is no point to this unforgivable excuse for a comedy, except, obviously, for Danny McBride to make his buddies -- director [David Gordon] Green, costar James Franco -- chortle over pot jokes and at least pretend to get himself laid.
Fractured fairytale? Half-baked is more accurate.
Like someone bringing pot brownies to a Dungeons and Dragons game...
As far as stoner comedies go, Your Highness might as well be smoking schwag with the Hooters bus boy you just bought it from.
Monsters, sword-fights, boobs AND laughter? Giveth this a ruddy Bafta.
Fails to please as a comedy, but was fine as a low-budget adventure movie.
Your Highness never met a problem it couldn't blast with an F-Bomb, and pushes the one-note gag of mixing pauncy medieval language with locker-room dirty talk about as far as humanly possible. Enjoyment hinges on your weakness for juvenilia.
Your Highness is what you expect it to be, except it's not nearly as funny as you'd want it to be.
The crude language and jokes are patently offensive, but the performances by McBride, Deschanel, and Theroux almost make this worth sitting through.
How big the laughs are depends solely on your tastes, but there's little argument about whether they're dumb. But so were the 80s movies being referenced. That didn't make them any less guiltily enjoyable, and neither does it hurt Your Highness.
For some bizarre reason, I actually found "Your Highness" to be reasonably funny and entertaining. Perhaps it was the sight of sweet, lovely Natalie Portman spewing such unadulterated filth that cracked me up.
Let's see --- a film with crude bathroom humor, drug use, sexual innuendo and pervasive language -- and Adam Sandler is nowhere to be found?
What should have been chaotic, childish, raunchy FUN is instead a shining, shrieking example of Hollywood wastefulness at its most obvious.
It fails so completely at its reach for lowness that you may find yourself crying out for Mel Brooks, Monty Python, hell even Cheech OR Chong to swoop in and save the thing. No such luck.
This film looks like it was a lot more fun to make than it is to watch.
After most David Gordon Green movies I couldn't wait to see them again. Unless I'm being tortured, I'll never see Your Highness again.
None of this is very funny, and most of it is pretty ugly - the last half-hour or so is a paroxysm of bad special effects, amputated limbs and a severed sexual organ.
In theory, I suppose it would be funny-and incongruous-if in the middle of a serious costume drama a noble action hero uttered a four-letter word. Hearing Danny McBride do just...
Basically, the script, from the title on down, feels like something sketched out on rolling papers.
The weirdest aspect of "Your Highness" is seeing so many talented people in material that's beneath them.
...a sputtering and vastly pleased-with-itself piece of work that resembles something sketched out on the back of a napkin.
The highlights of Your Highness don't get much higher than low.
Ridiculous fantasy comedy is more crass, violent than funny.
An oddly charming stoner comedy set in medieval times.
Lots of balls. Also lots of penis jokes. But too loud and obvious.
So monotonously repetitive that you'll forget penises were ever supposed to be funny in the first place.
It's like early Saturday Night Live without any sense of wit or timing. That's probably all well and good for the group it's meant for, but no one else is going to take much out of it.
The result is a seemingly endless comedic black hole that feels like a cross between one of Mel Brooks' lesser vehicles and what one might get from a bunch of frat boys with a video camera, after-hours access to the local Medieval Times
"Your Highness" is ... built on a flimsy house of profane cards that begins crumbling with the opening narration and never recovers.
A big fall-off from the inspired zaniness of Green's "Pineapple Express," "Your Highness" lowers the lowbrow bar.
This is a film that wallows in a level of scatology so severe that the Farrelly Brothers might as well give up on the subgenre for good.
...this weird, wacky, weedy medieval adventure ends up mostly putting the "R" back in romp.
Ultimately, the magic-and-monsters milieu isn't enough when the jokes are half-baked. [Blu-ray]
Funny, Mel Brooks-style spoof of eighties sword and sorcery tales. Probably owes more to KRULL & BEASTMASTER than LOTR.
Your Highness is painfully bad!
A film to be appreciated only by those who think using modern swear words in a medieval setting is automatically funny.
"Your Highness" is plagued by a shortage of laughs.
While the chemistry between characters is impressive and the comic delivery spot-on, the jokes feel unoriginal.
Though clearly very expensive to make, it has the feel of something conceived and shot over the course of a weekend.
The screenplay by Danny McBride is so hopeless, he didn't even write himself a good role, and he plays the lead.
When somebody says, "The quest sucks," I was inclined to agree.
[T]here are echoes - on a juvenile level to be sure - of Monty Python And The Holy Grail and The Princess Bride.
If for you a combination of a medieval setting, plenty of sex jokes, dirty language & topless women makes for a funny movie, then Your Highness is for you (that's not necessarily a criticism).
[Green] does a superb job of making the most of a script that needed some serious punching up.
reveals at some point a stunt-crotch who will no doubt bash Portman in a few months' time and take the lustre entirely off this complete failure...
Most of the time, star Danny McBride and Ben Best's script strains to expand the reach of its repetitious jokes.
[Green] has an easy touch when it comes to comedy, which means you can almost sense those moments when the actors give themselves over to the silliness.
The harder you are for fantasy, the limper you are for 'Your Highness.'
Erect creature penises or not, this is a limp misfire.
This movie is so sophomoric, it makes Pineapple Express, and even Harold and Kumar, look like sophisticated wit.
A hilarious adventure that's as dirty as the dung our heroes trudge on.
Considering the talent involved on both sides of the camera, audiences may be expecting more - a lot more.
The chief problem with Your Highness is its lack of imagination -- its misuse and overuse of language and visual riffs that are only marginally amusing at best.
Wretched medieval spoof...a tired cascade of smugly unfunny riffs and gross-out adolescent raunchiness.
By and large, "Your Highness" is a Cheech and Chong movie in period drag, so it's no wonder it goes up in smoke.
The whole thing plays like one of those supposedly hilarious ideas hatched on a late night - though generally, in the light of day, such ideas are quickly abandoned.
It is a pox on comedy.
...a film seemingly designed to appeal only to those who revel in penis, midget and homophobic jokes
An inventory of the preoccupations of 13-year-old boys.
A radioactive turd disguised as a sword-and-sorcery comedy.
There's nothing inherently wrong with prizing entertainment over art, but what happens when the big, dumb popcorn fare isn't even fun?
After the first 15 laughless minutes, I heard my hopes tinkle to the ground like the lifeless shells of so many fairies struck dead from lack of applause.
Franco truly saves the day. His hilarious deadpan in the midst of utter insanity turns a bawdy goof into a most welcome lark indeed.
There's a delightful sense of bawdiness in Chaucer and other medieval literature, but vulgarity seems the main intent of Your Highness, and the movie chokes on its own dreary discourtesies.
It sounds idiotic, and it is, but in a good way, if you get my drift.
Unwatchable -- and, thanks to its high-decibel action sequences, barely listenable -- this misbegotten medieval fantasy/stoner comedy marks a new low for David Gordon Green, once ranked among the most promising young filmmakers in America.
Low on laughs and a very sloppy piece of work.
"Your Highness," a largely improvised oddity, is as tired and clunky a movie spoof as you'll likely see this or any other year.
The comic mojo of Danny McBride can be a thing of fucked-up beauty. So I was stoked that McBride signed on as star and co-writer of Your Highness. But the air goes out of that balloon pretty damn quick.
gratuitous, inventive, and thoroughly outlandish
A whole ensemble of talented actors (Franco, Portman, Theroux, Deschanel) are wasted in this mismash of a movie, a trashy medieval comedy-adventure based on a single idea and few pranks.
A medieval genre goof of impressive physical scale and disproportionately modest comic ambitions, as an entertainment animal, Your Highness is disappointing where it counts.
I feel a kind of head-swiveling awe in Your Highness's concentration of aimless inanity, in the purity of its devotion to its own louche principles.
A cunning weave of low and high, regal and smutty, splendiferous and splattery.
So unfunny, it feels like a prank...And to think, director David Gordon Green was once a major force for independent cinema. Now he's overseeing the fine details of a rubber Minotaur penis. Hooray for Hollywood.
Stoners may freak out, sober viewers should grow restless, and no one will laugh much.
A sword-and-sorcery spoof from the Pineapple Express crew that, like that ode to inhaling, isn't nearly as funny as it seems to think it is.
Mostly, characters simply reference penises, breasts or pot and wait for laughs. There's rarely a punch line, just an acknowledgement that penises, breasts and pot exist.
The film will probably play a lot better in dorm rooms with plenty of beer kegs and bongs on hand, but in the confines of a movie theater, it's deadly - the sort of bad comedy Mel Brooks made late in his career, until he finally smartened up and quit.
Your Highness is a well-made but lowbrow period comedy with limited appeal.
For a few hours after having seen "Your Highness," I considered the possibility that it was the worst movie ever made.
Your Highness isn't a serious fantasy epic, but it isn't much of a comedy, either.
Co-writer McBride and his collaborators apparently set out on a quest to ram as much coarse language and as many adolescent sexual gags into a movie as possible, maybe to cover the fact that the movie doesn't contain much else.
With this cast, as well as director David Gordon Green on board, you expect a lot more than the occasional chuckle.
Silly, depraved, creepily homoerotic -- and often hilarious.
When the jokes sputter and the kingdom of Your Highness is littered with the joint carnage of broad gags, bloody violence, and dorky wizard magic, where, oh where, can a loyal subject look for fun?
The target audience for Your Highness is at least four years too young to legally watch it.
A really big budget movie full of action and special effects, all to make really immature jokes. I totally support that and I enjoy the exercise. It could be funnier but it's consistently pleasant.
Just different enough to guarantee a sizeable chunk of the audience will walk away utterly baffled by what they've seen, and that's too rare to dismiss.
The rest of the action elicited only stray chortles, a raised eyebrow, or rolled eyes.
The movie's improvisatory recklessness often relies on stock, fallback comedy: scenes lazily punchlined on four-letter words, pot slang, and gay jokes only offensive in their unoriginality.
That skunky smell emanating from "Your Highness" ain't pot; it's the stink of miscalculation that surrounds an inside joke gone awry.
David Gordon Green's hard-R comedy is an ambler's delight, never content to race so much as to linger on its crude yet benign misadventures.
By trashing fairytale propriety, Green and McBride personalize the genre enthusiasm of the Star Wars generation.
Its willingness to try anything, do anything, and say anything is a breath of fresh air.
Plays like second-rate Judd Apatow, and that's not exactly a high barrier to overcome.
It's the sort of film that is willing to try anything along the way, and it demonstrates both an affection for the genre as well as a deconstructionist's eye for how to tear it down from the inside.
The script's relentlessly puerile humour eventually begins to feel monotonous.
Falls instead into a deep chasm of such comic lowness after less than five minutes that it's unable to extricate itself. Things get so bad you half expect a cameo by Nicolas Cage.
Not every joke in the script by Danny McBride and Ben Best revolves around the word "f**k" - just every other joke.
Even James Franco and Natalie Portman can't save this sporadically funny, unevenly written one-joke comedy. It drops actors into Medieval times, using modern language. Ha.
Infinitely superior to a Meet The Spartans-style spoof, chiefly thanks to a first-rate cast, Highness ticks all the bawdy boxes. But if you seek sophistication, raise the drawbridge.


@highlight

Big budgets and costumes in service of scatalogical jokes may seem funny on paper, but in execution this is a highly monotonous romp that registers only occasional laughs.