Viciously funny.
Director and screenplay writer Andrew Dominik leads his superb cast wonderfully through this dark drama, based on the 1974 novel Cogan's Trade.
That scheme is clearly visible though not particularly remarkable.
Never before has such a simple story with so few players been so deliberately hard to follow.
This physical world is malleable, the means to disconcerting loveliness and expressive power... all under cover as a political parable in the form of an urgent, restless gangster picture. Rain falls, words tumble, violence erupts. Lyricism ensues.
With such a strong cast, it's hard to imagine how things went so wrong.
f you find Dominik's unsubtle political statements too obvious, there is still plenty else going on in Killing Them Softly to marvel at with its familiar, and yet fresh, genre elements.
Ain't nothin' new about it, but it's a cool 97 minutes of seedy amusement.
Dominik wears his nihilism as a badge, but that's not what it is at all: It's a crutch, and an awfully flimsy one.
It's a middling gangster film, but belabored with too much Sturm und Drang, particularly in banging over the audience's head the constant reminders of the fiscal cliff.
Andrew Dominik's follow-up to 'The Assassination of Jesse James by the Coward Robert Ford' too often fails to engage with its uneven mix of guns and gab.
Andrew Dominik's Killing Them Softly is a potent and miraculously-shot film that captures America's recent financial collapse through a criminal lens.
A noir-ish crime drama with a brain, and despite its flaws and inconsistencies, a film worth seeing. Dominik remains a filmmaker to watch.
Complex and problematic in a rather wonderful way, Killing Them Softly has flaws more interesting than some film's perfections.
Brad Pitt excels amongst an incredible ensemble cast in this gritty crime thriller.
There are many cinematic cardinal sins, but the latest film from Aussie director Andrew Dominik commits two of the big ones - Don't Be Boring and Don't Waste A Great Cast.
A top-notch, viscerally powerfully mobster movie with a view of free-market enterprise as practiced at its most harrowingly basic, last-man-standing level.
Australian director Andrew Dominik mixes conventional mobster mayhem with an unconventional take on gangsters caught up in the Great Recession. And with Brad Pitt as his ideologically enraged male muse hitman, as if wandering in from Occupy Wall Street.
While Dominik flourishes when it comes to the picture's excessive violence, he seems to be unable to balance those sequences with the drawn-out scenes of dialogue, which, while delivered nicely, kill any momentum the film might have had.
Good actors and unimpeachable source material hampered by faulty chatter, leading to thumb-twiddling.
Director Andrew Dominik controls the clock
Weary and familiar foray in to gangster turf
It's a rollercoaster: long talky tete a tetes, punctuated with shocking violence (both of which are masterfully presented).
Killing Them Softly finds its own rhythm and eventually its own way of building dread, punctuated by bravura cinematic moments that won't soon be forgotten
The completely obvious comparison to the mobster world and our American economic system is a welcome, straight-forward surprise for storytelling.
The pace is deliberate, yet that simmering sociopolitical undercurrent gives Killing Them Softly more weight than its rather conventional concept might suggest.
Jackie Cogan understands his fate in a way that the other smart guys don't quite, an understanding that makes him seem somehow smarter.
Jackie Cogan (Brad Pitt) understands his fate in a way that the other smart guys don't quite, an understanding that makes him seem somehow smarter.
Killing Them Softly positions itself as a heady piece of entertainment, but it's ultimately no more intelligent than The Pet Goat.
It's a pleasure to watch Pitt work in dialogue-rich, subversively comic film noir.
Another one of those films that makes you wish Quentin Tarantino had taken up hotel and restaurant management.
Ray Liotta gets his butt super kicked in this one. It's actually quite scary.
Emerging director Andrew Dominick comes out swinging in this nonsensical gangland farce.
Another misfire for Brad Pitt. This hit man story is overly talkative and lacking in entertainment value
The closing punchline is such a knockout, you might forgive the lack of subtlety preceding it.
Absent poppy dialogue and a few terrifically well-staged action scenes, the director doesn't seem very alive to the material.
Pitt's best work in years. His final, show-stopping speech is phenomenal.
Killing Them Softly has jumped to the top of my list of worst movies of 2012
More bullets-and-bloodshed that's stylish, cynical - and unappealing.
You may find yourself wishing these hooligans would raise a little more hell and watch a little less C-SPAN.
Killing Them Softly is mad as hell and isn't going to take it anymore, but fails to provide an invitation to join the outrage.
A masterclass in precise, auteurist cinema ... Short, sharp, talky, lean, and almost completely inhabited by men, Killing The Softly is cerebral, nasty, and hugely entertaining.
Terrific performances, but it too often feels like a referendum on Brad Pitt's disappointment in President Obama, much like George Clooney's "The Ides of March." Unlike "Ides," it strains mightily to Say Something Big about political bread & circus.
'Killing Them Softly' collapses under the crushing weight of the director's narcissism.
"Killing Them Softly" is a package mix of 'The Departed' and 'Pulp Fiction', something you have seen before with very little improvement.
The anvils of obviousness rain down so hard and fast in New Zealand-born/Australian-based director Andrew Dominik's meditation on low-rent crime and American decline, that it might as well be a Coyote-Road Runner cartoon
America's 'just a business,' and business is bad.
[Dominik's] major misstep is grafting this story to modern politics (specifically, the 2008 Wall Street bailout) with a heavy-handed analogy that equates the dumb hoodlums to greedy hedge-fund operators.
Routine crime drama made gripping by effective acting, great characterizations and a snappy dialogue like in Pulp Fiction.
Brad Pitt's hit man yarn keeps getting interrupted by political talking points as well as director Andrew Dominik's obsession with Tarantino-style tics.
How about a movie about gangsters set in an unnamed place but they all sound like they are from Boston. Here's the twist, these mobsters will talk a LOT but do very little. Needed less talking, more killing.
The degree to which Killing Them Softly ultimately peters out is, to put it mildly, somewhat disappointing...
Dominik insere o filme no movimento temático iniciado pelo Cinema norte-americano do pós 11 de Setembro que constantemente enxerga as grandes corporações como vilãs em função da falta de caráter e humanidade de seus líderes e lobistas.
So this is our fate, it seems: the endless bureaucratization of every aspect of life, even down to the illegal.
The entire cast is brilliant. But I found the constant background drone of the 2008 presidential election vastly annoying.
It's not easy recommending a film of this nature. But it would be a disservice to the genre not to.
...outstanding acting does not overcome the repugnant prolific profanity and excessive graphic violence.
It's the cinematic equivalent of a comedian retelling the same joke on stage ad nauseam and then taking the last five minutes of his set to explain the joke in great detail.
Nothing soft about Killing Them Softly. Think early Quentin Tarantino in plot and dialogue structure and you get the picture. Gruesome. Yes. But oh, so well done.
The movie succeeds in it's comparison of the 2008 economic crisis to the scaling back of wages for even the jobs we wish didn't exist. It is a bit slow and dialogue heavy and because of that I ended up merely liking it when I wanted to love it.
"Killing Them Soflty" will hold you in it's desperate grip, and ensure that you leave happy about whatever line of work you chose to pursue (killers excluded).
Like its source material, the movie is stylish, profane, intelligent, and eminently diverting. But as much as it is a delight that Dominik has disinterred Higgins's work, it is a mild disappointment that the result is not more substantial.
A disappointing, derivative noir that gets its spark from Pitt and Gandolfini's performances. Slight and pulpy, but it's aiming for arty and trenchant.
Slower and more 'talky' than most mob movies, Killing Them Softly nonetheless offers a lot intriguing visual stimuli and food for thought.
A crime thriller that plays comedic in the moment but dark, bleak and fiendishly stylish in retrospect.
Trading in pleasures of a deliberately rarefied sort, writer-director Andrew Dominik's talky, character-rich genre piece largely short-circuits thrills to sketch a grimly funny portrait of thugs taking care of business, in every rotten sense of the word.
As with "The Assassination of Jesse James," "Killing Them Softly" indulges in a hyper-stylish approach that both demythologizes and romanticizes its milieu.
Ultimately, as crafted as Killing Them Softly is, it's less satisfying than either The Sopranos or Goodfellas. Still, Dominik and his cast cruise some very mean streets indeed.
The dialogue is sharp and so are the performances. Andrew Dominik directed this neo-noir in a low-key comic style that's alternately gritty and fancy. The gritty stuff is best.
The movie calls to mind ominous Scorsese heavies menacing with their fearless gravitas and quick-mouthed Tarantino featherweights exchanging verbal barbs in a slowly enclosing ring.
A convincing allegorical portrait of the recession-era crime business.
This is a movie that literally explains everything, which walks us through every minor detail of life on the wrong side of the law... and none of it is very entertaining or interesting.
An intense little crime thumper from writer-director Andrew Dominik, who excels at sweaty realism.
What with personal problems and a bad economy, mob hitmen are just like us. Only more violent.
A political harangue with the blunt force of a shotgun stock to the temple, couched inelegantly into a generic tale of gangland justice and revenge; yet recognizing and even growing annoyed with its deficiences, I still sort of loved it.
Everything comes together, the performances turning the stylized dialogue into a just-right blend of gilded grunge, and the scenery serving as a handsome peek at downscale New Orleans.
For all the guys who get whacked in gloriously grisly and stylized ways, there wasn't one moment when I cared even slightly who came out of it alive.
Dominik ... expertly captures the flavor of his Higgins source material.
An oppressively cynical cinematic Motörhead song about the scum-covered nutsack of society. What it lacks in nuance it makes up for in brutal purity.
A stylish, brutal affair that delivers grim atmosphere and punishing violence but loses impact in telegraphing its political punches.
It is a character study set among scumbags -- one of them played with dazzling charisma by Brad Pitt.
If those cynical politics don't fit yours, you can also enjoy the film as simply a bit of stylishly shot, nicely acted, hardboiled noir.
Let's just call it DOA.
It isn't much of a movie. I might forgive the slow start if it weren't for the slow middle and slow end.
'Killing Them Softly' a knockout
Talky noir with overbearing political agenda.
Pitt's last line of dialogue is a thing of pure beauty, razor sharp and darkly hilarious.
Not only is it a mob movie with intelligence, but it oozes modern relevance from its every pore.
These fellows are hardened criminals, but they're often darkly hilarious and mesmerizing when viewed from the safety of the big screen.
He's got the vibe down. Same with the attitude, dialogue, origins and scenery, but he didn't quite get his hands wrapped around the storytelling element.
Movies like this frustrate me. There are many moments of genius to be found here, but the movie is just too uneven for me to recommend as a whole.
...perfect for those who prefer down-and-dirty crime films to overstuffed costumed productions.
Killing Them Softly is attentive to its characters' driving philosophies ... and challenges those oftentimes twisted principles under harsh, unforgiving circumstances.
It could have been the start of a new wave of modern era mob movies, but it's merely competent instead of trend-setting.
It's all rather self-indulgent and certainly on-the-nose, but also knows how to keep the viewer's attention. It starts by grabbing for the jugular.
The film is like a lion stalking its prey. It slowly creeps up on you the entire film until it chooses to pounce and show its true colors. Killing Them Softly is a volatile piece of crime cinema that is ferocious and violent as hell.
While the cast is consistently watchable and on-point, Dominik disappoints as both scenarist and filmmaker.
Pitt, entering his third decade of fame, continues to show how there was always a deadly serious actor in him all along.
There is not one moment in the film that doesn't represent the director's carefully considered thought, whether we're talking about acting values, camera placement, sound or style of presentation.
It's hard to deglamorize the criminal life when you can't resist showing a bullet leaving a gun barrel in stylized super-slow motion or scoring the anti-hero's first entrance to a Johnny Cash song.
It has a weird, buzzing, intense quality that has burrowed its way deep into my brain like some invasive sci-fi organism.
Dominik brings a sleek pulp sensibility to the material and melds its topicality to a strange form of scathingly anti-capitalist entertainment.
Dominkiks 2007's Pitt starring Western was a great film. "Killing Them Softly" is minor and disjointed, but fun underneath its pretensions.
The writer-director becomes so intent on hammering home the parallels between economic decay, political disappointments and petty criminals, there is nothing soft, or subtle, about it. He should trust his audience more.
We get it, we get it, the real crooks are on Wall Street and in Washington. Balletic blood spatters juxtaposed with songs are ironic. Or something like that.
This is a deeply cynical movie, with not much to say but a lot to feel.
Languorous to the point of rambling, the story of double-crossing and vengeance is darkly funny, graphically violent and gorgeously shot.
It's the characters, and their words, that drive the story here, and Dominik preserves all their scruffy colors ...
There is dark humor galore - a scene where one particularly dumb mobster torches a car gets my laugh every time I see it - mixed in with the violence...
Killing Them Softly is well made, written, and acted, but the allegorical story and repulsive characters are too one-note and unpleasant to enjoy or recommend.
The film, for all its visual felicities, comes to life only sporadically.
Clever dialogue can make up for one-dimensional characters, and amped-up action can disguise a thin plot. Here, we get too little of either.
Pitt doesn't do much with his role, poised uneasily between smirking bad boy and implacable, fatal force.
Jolting, suspenseful, full of twisted sympathy for its goons' row of characters, and wickedly amusing to boot, Killing Them Softly summons up the ghosts of Goodfellas and a whole nasty tradition of crime pics.
A bleakly comic, brutally Darwinian gangland saga that at times comes close to being this year's "Drive."
Like the politicians it tries to pull into the big picture, "Killing Them Softly" promises more than it delivers.
"Killing Them Softly" has style and substance but not much soul and no real center.
While he may have captured something of outlaw culture in "Killing Them Softly," Dominik's portrait of America seems myopic, cynical and coldblooded.
A black comedy at its most stygian, a parade of sad-sacks, no-hopers, sellouts, screw-ups and basket cases:
... a procession of shoot-ups and beat-downs filmed with fetish. If you're into seeing people die stylishly messy, this is the movie for you.
A character-driven gangster drama exposing the shadow side of America as nothing more than a business ruled by money, power, and violence.
The Louisiana locations are appropriately cruddy, and the occasional scenes of violence are frightening, visceral, and beautifully photographed.
Finds a pretty creative way to tell a generally conventional gangster story. It's when it moves beyond that that it runs into trouble.
Dominik's ideas get the better of his creative handiwork as he throws off his pacing to follow points he has already made.
Killing Them Softly is 2012's answer to Mean Streets.
Its characters may be desperate low-lifes, but Dominik's bold filmmaking sends you out of the theater on an exhilarating high.
The movie is more concerned with conjuring an aura of meaningfulness than with actually meaning anything.
The acting is aces, especially Pitt mixing it up with the superb James Gandolfini, as an assassin losing his game to hooch and hookers. They make this movie a potently nasty provocation.
Dominik turns this potentially gritty crime flick into a soggy political metaphor for the 2008 financial crisis.
Dominik shows an open appreciation for his actors and for the way tough guys, aspiring and genuine, talk to each other - and Killing Them Softly is as much centered around talking as it is action.
Can be heavy-handed at times, but it's still moodily effective.
...a clever-enough idea - ratty criminal enterprise as the American economy in miniature - but the movie hammers its theme home, repeatedly.
Everything about the loaded-with-lowlives crime flick is elongated, extended to the very precipice of its expiration date.
While it isn't unusual for nasty little genre movies like Dominik's stylish heist thriller to smuggle such themes under the surface, Killing Them Softly makes them startlingly explicit.
This is a talkative picture, allowing time and space for comically preoccupied and quirkily pathetic exchanges between all sorts of strays and losers.
It seems as if I've been seeing versions of this story since forever.
A crime saga with personality plus.
Pitt dials this hitman down a few notches, keeping the guy as realistic as the movie around him.
Delivers some striking elements that never add up to a cohesive whole.
One of the best things in the movie is a conversation between Pitt and Jenkins, on a torrential day, seated in a nondescript car beneath a bridge.
The point of this vile, cynical and ultimately preposterous film is that America is reeling from spiritual numbness and ethical paralysis, and optimism is a game for fools.
An incredibly stylish genre exercise set in the world of mobsters, junkies and lowlifes, but it's also trying incredibly hard to be About Something.
The scenes between Pitt and Gandolfini are the highlights of "Killing," with the two actors pivoting off each other with the ease and precision of gymnasts.
By making it feel like less of a gangster movie, Killing Them Softly feels oddly more genuine as a result.
An art film rather than a thriller - but one in which the action is always startling and always packs a punch.
And at the end, when that character collides head on with the election theme Dominik tends to overstate throughout, it all leads up to a punch line so thoroughly anti-inspirational and mordantly funny and just about perfect ...
It's a movie that shows, and then tells, tells, and tells again, its vibrant conjuring of contemporary cynicism felled by Dominik's lack of faith in his audience's ability to connect thematic dots.
Puffed up with cynical pretension ...
I didn't want it to end. An amazing gangster flick in line with classics like THE FRIENDS OF EDDIE COYLE.
[T]urns a very American mythology of crime and violence in on itself and from that inversion yanks out a mirror with which to show us a startling reflection of America...
a humdinger of a cinematic exercise
Grimly amusing then shockingly brutal.
Fans of vintage Scorsese, Tarantino and Guy Ritchie should appreciate Dominik's stylish character-driven gangster thriller.
Though the film has contemporary resonance, the structure is rambling and the audience wonders: who did what?
The message is so unrelenting that it soon drowns out all the films' strengths in an ocean of fashionable nihilism and socially conscious outrage.
The film's cynicism, like everything else, is nothing more than empty posturing, a fashionable pose adopted to ingratiate itself with a disenfranchised public.
The worlds of Wall Street and Goodfellas collide beautifully in this violent, witty and hugely entertaining film about a crumbling mafia empire.
One of the ten best films of 2012, Andrew Dominik's cold-blooded satire of American corporate-political-capitalism cuts through its subject like a freshly sharpened guillotine blade.
A compellingly languorous genre picture that doesn't indict the American system so much as call it out for what it is
This wily, cliche-averse crime film is far from the blastfest one might expect. [Director Andrew] Dominik proves his sharp ear for dialogue as characters desperately try talking their way through or out of increasingly sticky situations.
Gritty, tense, funny, moving... one of the best, and saddest, of the year.
Irritating as the throughline's lack of subtlety may be, it's still about the least worst thing you can say about a film that is unashamedly designed for the multiplex.
It doesn't always hit its marks, and its extensive, accomplished cast doesn't gel seamlessly, but Brad Pitt's Jackie is a well conceived centre to the drama, because he remains a riddle.
For me this is the least of the three of his films. And I still think it's pretty good because I thought the others were wonderful.
Beautifully shot by Australian Greig Fraser, this is a different sort of crime thriller, and a particularly fine one.
Dominik's film is bleak but nonetheless perceptive and arresting. Crime still pays, just not like it used to.
As a perverse portrait of management issues and the challenges of ''getting the job done'', it is sure-footed, dark and comic.
While the aggression on-screen undoubtedly gets in your face at the time of viewing, there is also a cynical honesty that plays on your mind for some time afterwards.
While partially empty and mostly cynical, Killing Them Softly is still a solidly produced and visually enjoyable film.
A blisteringly original take on the American crime movie that's as thrilling as it is sobering.
Killing Them Softly is an engrossing vision of hell where status, money and image have become the ultimate goals and human life is just another commodity to be traded.
It's dark, it's smart, and it's destined to become a classic piece of cinema.
Killing Them Softly is a caustic commentary on America's chilly economic climate, and writer-director Andrew Dominik is unafraid of underlining that point repeatedly throughout his movie's taut 97-minute runtime.
A grimy, well orchestrated, coiled-spring crime drama that morphs into a pessimistic disquisition on the systemic nature of corruption in unregulated markets.
With its focus on American capitalism played out in the mean streets of Boston, Killing Them Softly establishes itself as a new crime classic that is as thought provoking as it is visually and narratively absorbing.
A movie about crooks and the Mob which presents itself as a hard hitting crime drama, yet it quickly evolves into something of an art movie with dark comedic undercurrent
Juxtaposes a wry humour as human foibles are bared before the business of slaughter begins. It all starts with relationships
The dialogue is salty, stylised and beautifully performed. Yet the air of menace is never absent for long and when the violence comes it's sudden and savage.
A totally enthralling verbal conquest from the word go, complete with some very fine acting from all involved.
Gripping crime drama strained by forced politics
Killing Them Softly is a brutal and sublimely crafted thriller, elevated by a stalwart ensemble and an insightful, timely social commentary.
Killing Them Softly may not be a perfect film, but it is something almost as good: thrillingly alive.
Killing Them Softly is visually sublime. The characters collide against each other in powerfully authentic exchanges; political structures echo in criminal establishment; and the violence stings and disgusts, as it should.
Dominik keeps us off-balance with an unexpected structure, which gives the film an exhilaratingly offbeat rhythm
Brilliant ...
Dominik deliver a properly exciting drama that - even without those nods towards the 2008 meltdown - conveys sobering truths about the American experience.
The film, shot in wrecked New Orleans, looks great, the killings are lovingly worked, the desperation undeviating.
There are a few stumbles along the way but with Brad Pitt and the cast in such fine form it is still a pretty memorable ride.
At the heart of it all is the phenomenal Pitt. His charm makes what should be an abhorrent character worryingly likeable.
Brad Pitt is terrific in this super-stylish crime drama that relishes its brutal mob storyline, inner-city locations and oddball characters.
Sparky dialogue lends the film some fantastically funny moments, but the violence is not for the faint-hearted.
The film increasingly resembles Hamlet in cockle-headed collision with The Sopranos.
Dominik ... has not only crafted a first-rate gangster noir but reached out to coldly lampoon the morality-free world of Wall Street economics.
Far from the sinuous crime epic we might have expected, it's more like a caustic but thoroughly impressive kick in the teeth.
Impressively directed and superbly written, this is a highly entertaining, pleasingly literate thriller with terrific performances from a note-perfect cast.
Hopefully it will be the start of enduring partnership because [Dominik] could be Scorsese to Pitt's De Niro/DiCaprio, Soderbergh to his Clooney.
The film places us in a world of creeping failure, a country in irredeemable decline, a country where even the criminal fraternity lack energy, imagination and balls.
A good, efficient crime thriller, let down by clunky social commentary but lifted by excellent performances, including perhaps Brad Pitt's recent best.
It's this terrific ensemble that offers real bang for your buck here - Mendelsohn's skaghead Aussie is a brilliant creation - as Dominik builds a grimy world of bad men, brutal violence and stylish cinematics.
Dominik's frontal critique of US-style capitalism may be facile, but it gives the movie a bristling anger and a more lasting burn than other recent offerings in the same genre.
Though the references to the unstable '08 economy are a bit heavy-handed, the film's smart script and unique characters about hit men having to take financial hits pays off handsomely.
The film's reference to contemporary politics and the economic downturn gives it a unique and thought-provoking edge...
Possesses a modicum of swagger and style, even as it perpetuates some of the crime genre's more tedious cliches, from slow-motion savagery to facile cynicism.
In its own miasmatic way, the film is arresting and original.
It's a much better hitman movie than an economic critique. In fact, Dominik calls it a comedy.
Killing Them Softly has the rigor and poise of the great American crime pictures of the 1970s.
Killing Them Softly is an artfully crafted, occasionally very funny satire dressed up in tough-guy leathers and packing a knuckle duster punch.
Dominik's aim for allegory of American capitalism is not effective: What elevate his tale above its routine plot are the cynical dialogue, nihilistic tone, and Brad Pitt's effortless star turn as a sociopathic hitman.
Built on dynamic set pieces and jet black humour, it's reminiscent of last year's Drive. It's a shame then, that Dominik saddles the film with a heavy-handed political subtext that would echo much louder if it spoke a little quieter.
It pulls off the clever trick of operating as a gangster movie - featuring characters with missions to complete and people to kill - while at the same time sarkily undermining these same folk, attributing them with a heavy dose of incompetence.
Despite enough pummeling to flatten Rocky Balboa in all six movies, the only thing that truly rewards your attendance is Pitt in another effortless star performance.
Dominik's compositional flair and kinetic directorial style make for a visceral, visually arresting pulp noir that is by turns darkly funny and poetically violent. But... Dominik clots his hardboiled parable with stodgy political soaboxing
A deliciously stylish hard-boiled crime drama, Andrew Dominik's violent and bleakly funny film is a grimly nihilistic film that revels in its harsh and brutal urban landscape.
In Killing Them Softly, Dominik's first feature since The Assassination of Jesse James, Pitt once again plays a quietly powerful sociopath, and once again the screen vibrates.
A juicy, bloody, grimy and profane crime drama that amply satisfies as a deep-dish genre piece, Killing Them Softly rather insistently also wants to be something more.
"Killing Them Softly" pleases as an exercise in both surface style and tangy verbiage, but it's the rare genre entertainment one wishes would think a bit less.
It is outstandingly watchable, superbly and casually pessimistic, a world of slot-mouthed professional and semi-professional criminals always complaining about cleaning up the mess made by other screwups.

@highlight

Killing Them Softly is a darkly comic, visceral thriller that doubles as a cautionary tale on capitalism, whose message is delivered with sledgehammer force.