By focusing on Uxbal, González Iñárritu slowly sinks through each layer of this single person...It is rare in film to be given the opportunity to know one character so intimately.
The story can be distressing, hilarious, spiritual or simply biutiful, you are the one who decides. [Full review in Spanish]
Iñárritu's trademark interwoven plots have one thread too many here, but this shattering experience-earthbound and fraught with the afterlife-is worth every undying minute.
Do yourself a favor and treat yourself to Biutiful.
The Bataan Death March of art-directed miserablim. And to what end?
The film is beautifully photographed and incredibly effective. Holding it all together is a brilliant central performance by Javier Bardem.
This bloated drama is redeemed by its focus of a man caught between two distinctive and memorable worlds.
Ugliness as "art."
Bardem and Iñárritu draw you in to a story that says so much about not only its individual characters but also of life, exile, love, family and death.
Unwatchable without Javier Bardem's affecting, devastatingly committed performance, Biutiful plunges the viewer into a shapeless, sprawling character study that functions as nothing less than a punishing reminder of how rotten the universe can be.
Even though this movie piles it on, I can see its positive values and the potential it would have to reach the hearts of its audience.
Bardem faultless, Inarritu not so much
Excellent performance by Javier Bardem lifts a movie that often drags.
Biutiful is an exploration of fatherhood, guilt, culpability and mortality.
It's The Human Centipede for people who think they're too fancy for The Human Centipede.
Strikes a wrong chord.
Javier Bardem was Oscar-nominated for his performance and the film got a nod for best foreign-language film, but don't let that fool you; it's a stodgy, self-important slog.
The fleeting line between life and death is explored in Biutiful, a well acted yet depressing portrayal of a man in purgatory.
This cinematic journey of one man along the boundaries of life and death is an extraordinary work of genius.
The film, whatever its intentions, winds up just being deeply depressing and, at nearly 2 1/2 hours, it's a very long slog indeed to the finish.
What a film! Javier Bardem has always been impressive and convincing, but he's never been better than this.
The film seems ponderous, weighed down and elongated by an overactive poetic sensibility
A towering performance from Javier Bardem is the leading light in this poetic tragedy from director Alejandro González Iñárritu in which a man finds redemption in the quagmire of his life
Simultaneously intensely personal and profoundly universal, Biutiful shows there can be grace, and yes, even beauty in death.
What to say of ... a hard going, unpleasant film with a disconcerting undercurrent of xenophobia that is impeccably performed and (mostly) well crafted? ... No, seriously, I'm asking for your help.
Iñárritu stage-manages collisions of intersecting lives and conflicting agendas, and studies the wreckage for clues to what it says about the rest of us.
González Iñárritu sigue siendo un estupendo realizador, pero abunda en clichés y marcas de estilo que saturan y alargan la película. Javier Bardem, como casi siempre, está excelente.
Go back to the editing room, Alejandro: There's a great movie rattling around somewhere in there.
Bardem's acting really is a thing of beauty, hard-edged but mournful, fierce and vulnerable at once. But, too often, that jewel of a performance gets swamped by Inarritu's heavy-handed themes.
Inarritu's chief subject is the human soul. He's a cartographer of that unseeable yet profoundly felt dimension of our existence. I suppose that makes some of us uncomfortable. I suppose that is his purpose.
full review at Movies for the Masses
The film is almost too broken and painful for most audiences to be able to experience Uxbal's pain. It's all here, and laid on a bit too thick.
Uma experiência deprimente que se esforça ao máximo para manter o espectador angustiado, apelando para todo tipo de infortúnio para garantir que saiamos da sala de projeção impressionados com o peso dramático da narrativa.
Bardem shuffles through the film as if the weight of the world was on his shoulders. He gives a touching performance, worthy of the Academy Award nomination he received.
Iñárritu has a delicate yet searing sense of intimacy, which cinematographer Rodrigo Prieto captures with hand-held determination.
Javier Bardem's performance in Biutiful is so arresting that it almost obscures the movie's many flaws. But not quite.
Watch Bardem here -- his eyes speak heart-rending volumes.
Bardem proves himself to be one of the finest actors now working in any language.
The success of the film lives and dies with Bardem, for while it is moving and dramatically potent, the grim reality of Iñárritu's well-thumbed worldview may have proven too unwieldy in the hands of a lesser actor.
With the exception of an otherworldly prologue that remains mysterious well into the film, Biutiful is an unusually linear feature for Iñárritu, but no less involving or challenging than his previous works Babel, 21 Grams and Amores Perros.
Lyrical, poetic and heartbreaking, "Biutiful" is not for everyone. It's a troubling, exquisite vision of human contradictions.
Bardem does compassion and torment in layers of subtly like no other ... in a story set in the most austere of surroundings, rather than the usual flighty love affair.
The movie is so well assembled it almost fools you into thinking there's something profound beneath its surface, but there's no way to get under without going through.
When life is less inviting than death, the eye of the beholder is inclined to look away.
Inarritu's take on fatherhood, love, and immigration is a bit of a melodramatic downer, but Javier Bardem is brilliant.
An overloaded agony parade of a film that's such a grim march to devastation that it should be hard to watch. And, OK, it is. But with Bardem at its center, it's like watching a lush train wreck.
On its way to profundity, Inarritu's film ends up getting tangled in its own histrionics.
All in all, it feels like director/co-screenwriter Alejandro Gonzalez Inarritu is daring us to say, "Uncle," and I was there within about 10 minutes.
González assembles Uxbal's situation [in a way] that warps the sincerity of Biutiful into something that feels overtly manufactured.
Art-house cinema doesn't come more long-winded. It's pointless and the worst kind of liberal hand-wringing.
It's a seedy profile of globalism and exploitation, but, by Inarritu's standards, not too bad.
Despite a commanding, Oscar-nominated performance by the always-interesting Javier Bardem, there's a quality of manufactured misery to "Biutiful"...
[Bardem] draws from a deep, deep well of love, pain, and who-knows-what-else.
"Biutiful" is devastating.
It's the kind of film that congratulates the viewer on her tolerance for the spectacle of unrelieved misery.
One day Inarritu may produce a masterpiece. For now, he's given us another film where the whole doesn't equal the individual parts.
Piling one garish note on top of the next... Biutiful might have been tolerable if it had been played for black comedy, or at least soap operatic excess.
Dark, despairing and soulful, it's elevated primarily by Javier Bardem's searing performance.
Bardem's performance makes it not just bearable but rich and compelling.
It's bleak, certainly, but not despairing, although it is indicative of the film's tone that one final, redemptive act is rendered ambiguously through dirty glass.
Biutiful is mushy and self-important and the subplots Inarritu adds to it only dilute the film further, while also pushing it's running time to a watery two and a half hours.
There's no denying Iñárritu's striking images do the job of creating a deliberately oppressive atmosphere, but without Bardem, any human connection would be lost.
Bardem is compelling but Biutiful is unrelentingly bleak.
Iñárritu's previous films have been multilayered narratives. Here, he sticks to a single, admittedly richly vibrant milieu and a central character who appears in virtually every frame.
Inarritu, not content to just lay it on thick, smothers his canvas with self-important gloom.
The movie's mood might well have proved unendurable were it not for the proud and sympathetic presence of Bardem.
All that useless beauty and depth of emotion floats aimlessly in Iñárritu's needlessly over-complicated, self-consciously tricky narrative.
Biutiful is a harrowing, battering experience at the movies. Although titled with a word scrawled by a child on her drawing, the movie is steeped in ugliness.
Mr. Iñárritu does a commendable job with the imagery and story vignettes... However, he never completely and smoothly connects all the threads.
The parts are often better than the whole here though. Iñárritu gives us lovely, aching moments and Bardem is compellingly watchable. Yet when it's all over you feel drained but a bit empty.
Iñárritu is far from untalented -- Amores Perros had sequences as powerful as anything in the films of Luis Bunuel -- but misery has become his shtick.
Javier Bardem cuts a tragic figure as a dying Barcelona lowlife who traffics in illegal immigrants and communes with the dead.
Bardem depicts the character with a feral grace that ranges from extreme sensitivity to explosive volatility. It is, no doubt, one of the most versatile and engrossing performances of the year.
Like Babel, it takes some interesting ideas and belabors them for well over two fidgety hours.
There's something liberating about Gonzalez Inarritu's hubris -- his insistence on treating his characters the way God treated Job or Jesus rather than downscaling his ambitions to fit the mumblecore-influenced context of the current 'art' film landscape.
If there existed an award for pointless, dreary and depressing movies, Biutiful would sweep the board.
Watching Bardem occupy, embrace and ultimately own a multifaceted role like the one he plays in "Biutiful" is a rare treat, and an absolute joy.
Biutiful is one of those rare films that is so gorgeous and so splendidly acted that you are tempted to overlook the fact that it is not even close to a great film.
What Iñárritu gives us is not a beautiful world or an amazing world. It is simply the world, and therefore, by definition, beautiful and amazing - and painful, awful and mysterious.
Boasts quality of acting and an overall intensity level that make up for a lot of narrative shortcomings.
Biutiful is a love story about the bonds of parenthood with pinpoints of redemptive light amid the darkness.
Biutiful blesses you with the opportunity to see soul exposed, courtesy of Bardem's performance...
"Biutiful," built around an immense performance by Javier Bardem, is yet another, albeit sparer, Iñárritu gloom-fest.
Bardem's subtle, passionate performance is nothing less than perfection, combining his character's contradictions with grace and clarity
Iñárritu wants to run us ragged - physically, spiritually, emotionally, it's all the same to him. And he'll empty his complete cinematic arsenal to do so.
This elegiac fable has such compassion and moral purpose that it's possible - necessary, perhaps - to forgive its lapses into cliché and contrivance.
Oppressively bleak, intermittently powerful, a loud lunge at themes better quietly pondered, it's a heavyweight dramatic experience in good ways and bad.
Love Javier Bardem. Not so thrilled with Biutiful.
Rarely has an actor anchored a wobbly movie so confidently as Bardem does here. He displays an astonishing range of emotions, from love to anger to shock and horror, with a conviction that is something close to awesome.
It's difficult to walk away feeling like you just watched a great film, which it is. The sustained mood of pathos boils over at some point, with empathy giving way to claustrophobia. You want to get out of the slums as much as the people living there do.
The sheer tidal force of the film sweeps it along, and it is speckled with moments of poetry and unarguable brilliance.
In conclusion: Life is turrible.
In lesser hands, this could have been clumsy and preachy but, while it's certainly leaden at times, Bardem keeps it on track with quiet, compelling dignity.
Am I the only one who sensed trouble when the painfully methodical spacing and timing of the opening titles suggested the heaviest, most medicinal tragedy of this or any other year?
Biutiful is a pretentious and maudlin indulgence in melodramatic overkill. In short, an Oscar nomination for Bardem.
What drew me into the film and engaged my sympathy was the presence of Bardem himself.
Gonzalez Inarritu spends two and a half hours torturing his protagonist, but by the end it's the audience that feels defeated.
Picture spins about, hitting a few sublimely quivering beats of frustration and confession before it loses itself to pretension and trivial displays of surrealism. There's a remarkable film in here somewhere.
Iñárritu's fourth film is only kept from the verge of self-parody by Bardem's soulful, understated  performance.
It has Bardem giving the performance of his life in a story which many actors would not have touched with the proverbial barge pole.
If the film were any more portentous, it would be laughable. In the event - partly redeemed by Bardem - it is merely stupefying.
We need a break from Iñárritu's needlessly fractured, misery-and-mishap-laden parables of hectic modern life in a shrinking world full of desperate people.
Iñárritu has made a modern classical tragedy and, in Javier Bardem, he has found his first authentic hero; a character caught up in an intricate web of events he cannot extricate himself from.
Iñárritu's film won't work for everyone. Yet, it offers consolation that, in a world of numbing, overwhelming anguish, human feeling is still possible.
A thing of biuty.
Excesses aside, Iñárritu's fresh focus and tactile direction pack a palpable punch here.
'Biutiful' is not one of the year's five best films, but Javier Bardem's performance may very well be.
Biutiful is, in its own bleak way, beautiful.
Biutiful doesn’t seem to have much to say about all this sadness, except that death, like love, makes us want to be better people.
Biutiful is an acting tour de force on Javier Bardem's part, wrenching more for his performance than for a story that otherwise seems a little too cluttered, unformed, and familiar.
Somewhere along the line, we've lost the ability to appreciate a film as deeply felt and intuitive as Alejandro Gonzalez Inarritu's Biutiful.
The film just doesn't come together, and all the well-meaning social criticism and award-winning emoting from Bardem can't change that fact.
Bardem gives a terrific, organic performance that gives the movie soul, and even beauty.
Bardem gives a terrific, organic performance, providing a much-needed intuitive quality to an overly-planned work. He gives the movie soul, and even beauty.
Biutiful is by no means The Passion of the Christ but it certainly shares the cynicism and self-righteous obsession with suffering that typified Mel Gibson's well-shot abomination
Ultimately even Bardem...can't rescue what's essentially a long dirge from feeling manipulative and forced.
The high level of craft can't sustain the movie as its script (written by Inarritu with Armando Bo and Nicolas Giacobone) becomes increasingly hectoring.
Biutiful is even more morbidly obese than Babel in terms of soggy ideas, elephantine with miserabilist humanism and redemption jibber-jabber.
Inarritu is as visually talented as any filmmaker working today, and Biutiful (which was shot by Rodrigo Prieto) is relentlessly detailed. But it's also leaden and contrived.
Looking for a dark and depressing movie for the holidays? You'll find it in Biutiful, the riveting work of two talented Spaniards: director Alejandro Gonzalez Inarritu and actor Javier Bardem.
Bardem is the only reason that Biutiful is impossible to fully turn away from -- he's the beacon who lights the way in this otherwise overmanipulative, overreaching mess of a film.
Its portrait of a man with nothing who must deal with the end of everything while trying to safeguard his children has moments of power and poetry.
[It] ultimately gives us a story of hope, and from Bardem, a performance of staggering depth, unquestionably one of the year's best.
It would be impossible to list the Oscar-worthy performances of 2010 without highlighting Javier Bardem in Biutiful.
From one scene to the next, as is his custom, Mr. Gonzalez Inarritu creates a feeling of raw, sprawling intimacy.
Thanks to powerful performances and tight storytelling, 'Biutiful' is a moving meditation on hurriedly getting one's life and head straight in the final moments.
In spite of fine work from Bardem and Álvarez, Biutiful is an irritating, oppressive 150-minute dirge, not the step forward Iñárritu's dissolved partnership with Arriaga seemed to promise.
A friend misread the ad for Biutiful as "Pitiful." He wasn't wrong.
In the end, you may be forgiven for thinking the film is another collaboration between González Iñárritu and Guillermo Arriaga.
A punishingly contrived and deterministic saga.
Soulful, tragic and made with loving care. But it's also so gloomy that you're not sure who to recommend it to.
Biutiful is not a tragedy. It's a straight-up travesty.
Iñárritu has dealt with death before in "21 Grams," but this film, buoyed by a magnificent performance by Bardem, is full of soul, a spiritual reflection on the human condition.
Are you a glass is half empty, or glass if half full kind of person? Well it doesn't matter, because Alejandro Gonzalez Inarritu is going to break that glass and slit your wrists with it.
This gritty, sometimes overdone portrait of a father's fight for survival is redeemed by a monumental Javier Bardem performance and a generallly authentic sense of humanity.
Themaically and visually dark and relentlessly grim, Biutiful is ultimately rewarding due to the towering performance (honored in the Cannes Film Fest) of Javier Bardem as a family man dying of cancer.
Javier Bardem once again proves his dexterity at creating complex flawed characters that are obsessively watchable.
The ambitious Mexican director Alejandro González Iñárritu boldly explores one man's encounter with death and his yearning to provide a legacy for his children.
The filmmaker overloads his story with highly charged themes, resulting in a movie that feels almost arbitrarily heavy with misery of almost every conceivable type.
Impressively directed and superbly written, this is a beautifully shot, powerfully emotional drama with a terrific central performance from Javier Bardem.
Javier Bardem displays the intensity needed to put over a seedy character determined to redeem himself when afflicted with a terminal disease.
Bardem is superb, but this is a slog, lurching despite high-pressure editing and utterly oblivious to how the harsh-poetic compassion from Amores Perros has hardened into a rather gloating hunger for suffering.
Undoubtedly one of the most disappointing cinematic experiences to come around in quite some time...
Its scant emotional rewards can't shake off the sense of a prodigiously gifted filmmaker stuck in a grim rut.
An impressionistic, poignant portrait of a man on the fringes of Barcelona, forced to relinquish earthly things before his time.
Proves Iñárritu as a talent in its own right ... it's good to be able to say that, with Biutiful, Iñárritu is four for four.
This Cannes Festival competition entry may be too dark and depressing for mainstream audiences, but it is clearly the heartfelt and very personal achievement of a master filmmaker with a potentially award winning performance from its star.


@highlight

Javier Bardem's searing performance helps to elevate Biutiful , as does Alejandro González Iñárritu's craftsmanship, but the film often lapses into contrivance and grimness.