The movie's id overload reaches such crazy levels that the fabric of reality itself starts to break down. After a few hours of this assault, you feel the chair melt and the floor of the movie theater becomes an angry mirror into your soul.
An ugly beast of a movie as robotic as its main attractions that could justifiably become the symbol of all that is wrong with modern day summer spectaculars.
Age of Extinction is easily the most relentless and indulgent of the films so far, from a visceral perspective.
The movie is like the play date from hell, the kind where a crew of children reduce your home to rubble and conduct endless bouts of loud war on the living-room floor while you ponder the propriety of opening a bottle of wine.
Eager to get myself into the right mindset for Transformers: Revenge of the Fallen, I turned to the multiplex patron sitting next to me and politely asked him to slam my head against the forward seatback.
I would like to think that even if I was 14, either in body or spirit, I would still find this film an impossibly, incomprehensibly overlong and cacophonous bore.
If Bay has one consistent artistic inclination other than the lowest common denominator, it's his obsession with fascistic imagery.
Mostly it's punch-your-face loud.
The first Transformers may not have been bigger, but it was certainly better.
Few elements of Fallen are completely odious unto themselves, but rolled together it becomes a wave of inescapable proportions.
Built from the ground up to be a popcorn-devouring, eye-popping, nostalgia-sparking crowd-pleaser.
A minor improvement over its nigh abominable predecessor...
It adds up exactly as you'd think if you've seen a moving picture before; the motivations are simple while the laughs pound you about the head and face.
I had a pretty excellent time.
The people Transformers: Revenge of the Fallen was made for will like it for what it is. Which is probably the saddest thing about it. As long as you're willing to accept crap, you're not likely to get anything better.
Bayformers 2 is a mess of a story loosely glued together with lame jokes, fighting pixels and Megan Fox's ass.
Revenge of the Fallen ... plays more like Pearl Harbor 2, from the heavy-handed seriousness to the clumsy racial stereotypes (a couple of 'ethnic' robots seem to have walked straight out of the Kirk Lazarus School of Racial Sensitivity).
It's frustrating that if Transformers 2 took itself a little more seriously, it might just have blown audiences away the same way the original did.
Michael Bay knows how to spoil any film he touches, taking an extreme step down from the surprisingly fun original.
with Bay under pressure to squeeze as much content into two and half hours, it was inevitable that some elements of the formula wouldn't work
After the first ten minutes, I just...wanted...the...movie...to...end.
This benighted cacophony is a painful blend of overproduced action and shameless exposition
Watching Transformers: Revenge of the Fallen is like going to one of those chain all-you-can-eat buffet restaurants: The potatoes may be overbaked, the green beans limp and the beef lukewarm, but no way are you walking out of there hungry.
Clocking in at almost 2 1/2 hours, Revenge of the Fallen feels interminable.
"Megan Fox is the real reason for the popularity of the Transformers series."
Honestly, it gave me a headache.
Think of this film as like the first one multiplied by ten. Everything that was good is better and everything that was bad (the relentless stupidity of its story) is worse.
Oh how the mighty have fallen%u2026
I have never felt more like a third nipple than I did, as a screenwriter, while watching Michael Bay's new movie, 'Transformers: Revenge Of The Fallen.'
This bombastic follow-up delivers everything you'd expect from a Michael Bay sequel: big action, bad jokes and lots of circling-camera shots.
Two and a half hours of epic robot battles, thunderous explosions and Megan Fox running in slow motion. Two of the three grow incredibly tiresome.
A bloated action sequel so packed with special effects that it's virtually a cartoon
You asked for this, America.
You know, it's kind of block-headed. But it's exactly what you'd expect from action director Michael Bay. And hey, it is about robot-like creatures, after all.
This mindless, soulless sequel is sensory overload with barely a story, but it will still manage to please the teenage male demographic with constant, if confusing action.
Loud, long and utterly incomprehensible, 'Revenge of the Fallen' is an exquisitely painful experience that pummels the senses as it confounds the intellect.
The worst thing about the movie, out of many, is that it takes a $200 million budget and a two-and-a-half hour running time, and not a single memorable, impressive or fun thing happens.
Much of the movie is computer-generated hash, weightless even with nonstop BOOMS and METAL GROANS and THUDS.
A crowning achievement--the first English-language film that needs subtitles in order to understand it. It's a shoo-in for the Razzies--Worst Foreign Language Movie in a Non Foreign Language.
A posed, pop-art cinematic ejaculation of instinctive, unthinking extremes. And no, that's not a good thing, sorry.
The hip-hop talking robots were borderline offensive. Is this the movie's way of appealing to the African-American audience? I never knew that robots could shuck n' jive.
I'd call it a typical summer blockbuster but then that'd be an insult to summer blockbusters...
Transformers: Revenge of the Fallen is heavy-metal junk food for CGI gearheads.
Director Michael Bay sure knows something the rest of us above the age of 19 don't.
If when you were a child--either with Mr. Wizard or alone--you had passed a magnet over a pile of iron filings, you would have unknowingly created the action scenes of Michael Bay's latest blockbuster, Transformers: Revenge of the Fallen.
Transformers: Revenge of the Fallen is an impressive potboiler. But its overheated pot has a lot of holes.
Transformers: Revenge of the Fallen may not be the worst movie ever made, but with its 150-minute running time, it very likely is the most obnoxious.
One can't tell if it's inspired in its attempts to find something that will draw us in or just colossally sloppy.
More robotic nonsense.
You might make it out of the movie with your soul barely intact, but the actors in the film don't fare so well.
takes everything that was bad about the first Transformers movie two years ago, and amplifies it to deafening proportions
It didn't take itself seriously...a huge blockbuster on the kind of scale I expected, and it didn't offend me like Wolverine or Terminator Salvation.
I said the first film is a teenage boy's wet dream. This sequel is just masturbation.
The movie rages on for a hundred and fifty minutes and then just stops, pausing for the next sequel.
It's not so much that the story is inherently bad; it's more that it seems no one bothered to put one in at all, and worse, that no one seems to have cared.
They've managed to make a movie that is so incredibly bad that it manages to mark career lows for pretty much everybody involved.
It is as if Michael Bay was saying "You think I've blown stuff up before? Ha-ha. Wait till you see this."
It's confusing and excessive and it just missed the mark completely.
Transformers: Revenge of the Fallen is even more spectacular than its predecessor, but spectacle without a decent narrative or interesting characters soon becomes tedious.
It's not so much "more than meets the eye" as "more than the eye can meet".
Any review of Transformers: Revenge of the Fallen only needs be one line long. If you liked the first film, you'll like this one.
If you're going to send me a hero, I always say make it one with a built-in cup-holder, Michelins as hip-bling, and car doors for wings!
A bad film that seems like a nightmare because it is one.
No white elephants in the room. I'll be brutal. Bay's film sucks with a capital "S" and with the word enveloped in bold italics.
... there's no time to digest anything going on or in anyway connect with it because (Michael) Bay just HAS to show you something else... right now.
Action fans won't feel cheated by director Bay, but beyond the rousing scenes and special effects, this sequel offers little.
The first movie of 2009 to fail my clock test.
Sure it could have been a little more critic-friendly, a little more intellectual, maybe even a little less silly, but Michael Bay is first and foremost an entertainer and in my opinion he once again gets the job done.
The bottom line for me is that Transformers: Revenge of the Fallen simply wasn't as much fun as the original. In their zeal to give us more of what they think we want, Bay and crew have sucked all the joy out of their own franchise.
It's a wad of chaos puked onto the big screen, an arbitrary collection of explosions and machismo posturing.
Tinnitus with pictures.
Will insult your intelligence, hurt your eyes, and offend your sense of decency until you worry that your skull might explode while your brain trickles right out of your ears.
A perfectly dreadful sequel that's the filmic equivalent of a 150-minute waterboarding session.
John Turturro's very human, comic energy lifts an otherwise flat and re-dundant sequel.
If it sounds as though the script (credited to Ehren Kruger, Robert Orci, and Alex Kurtzman) was written in serial-novel form during an all-night mescaline bender, well, I have no evidence that it was not.
Put in your earplugs and grab the aspirin. Enjoyable for the only the easiest to please 10-year-old boys; this deafening, tiresome epic is a skull-splitting hot mess for everyone else.
I saw Revenge of the Fallen at Imax, which is probably why I managed to stay awake in what for me was the world's most boring movie.
These unchained masses of tin men, their cumbersome cubic feet galumphing across screens worldwide...sheer lightweights. With an iron deficiency like you wouldn't believe.
Michael Bay is an abstract artist... all of that hardware flying around the screen...are simply blobs of light and shadow...like paint spattered on a canvas by Jackson Pollack.
Shrieking and ugly and tedious and soft-headed, not even giving the thin comfort of being hilariously bad.
Terrorist toys take center stage with humans pretty much sticking around as scenery papering the screen, especially Megan Fox as sci-fi eye candy.
A half hour of entertainment sprinkled sparingly over 2.5 hours.
A high-octane, 2-1%u20442 hour diversion certain to stimulate, titillate and satiate the blood and other lusts of the raging-hormone set.
The special effects are better and the dialogue slightly more humorous than in the first movie, but the anti-Arab subtext is repugnant.
Transformers: The Revenge of The Fallen is beyond bad, it carves out its own category of godawfulness.
Michael Bay has learned that action film fans like to see action. He's taken his head out of his keister and his camera out of the Transformers' tailpipes.
Hooray for explosions!
strefei to skopeytro tis se ena koino-stoho poy, gia na antistoihei me ti dieyrynsi toy budget, ilikiaka epekteinetai abyssalea pros ta kato
One of the worst film going experiences I've ever had. It's loud, violent, offensive, crude and I had to put up with a screaming brat. But for some reason I still kind of liked it.
I'd rather listen to Mr. Roboto on a loop for 150 minutes than watch Transformers: Revenge of the Fallen again.
'The difference between men and boys is the size of their toys'...and the epic length and cacophany of their thrill rides.
Full of sound and fury signifying not very much at all.
It's as if Bay decided that, after the first film, no more plot was needed. And maybe the target audience won't mind that, but for anyone else the lack of an intelligible plot and interesting characters quickly becomes boring.
Transformers: Revenge of the Fallen is a Big Dumb Object: an action blockbuster so loud, ugly and exhausting that criticism seems beside the point.
You like 'splosions and special effects? Hey, you got 'em. But for anyone over the age of 12, this hardly makes up for lead-footed plotting or the fact these metal machines can't even stay consistent within their own mythology.
It would be great to say there is "more than meets the eye", but that is not the case. It's just a near-perfect replica of the first film.
Michael Bay has no idea that less is more in this loud and long action flick designed to give the fan boys what they want and then some.
A repeat of the MTV Award for Best Movie of 2007 won by the first film based on the Hasbro action figure line of toys seems highly unlikely.
Boasts spectacular visuals, sound effects and editing, but it suffers from tedious, mind-numbing action sequences, diminishing thrills and a plot filled with too much silliness, leaps of logic and blandness that leaves you feeling underwhelmed.
Filled with explosions, amazing special effects and a good dose of humor. It's everything a summer blockbuster should be.
The FX are still awesome, but they've lost their novelty factor. As for everything else, it still pretty much sucks.
When the film finally ends, the audience doesn't feel so much elated as beaten into submission.
Transformers: Revenge of the Fallen is everything that made the first film awesome and terrible at the same time... to a factor of ten.
No longer better than sex.
Just like super-sizing a McDonalds meal doesn't make it taste any better, neither does giving us more of what was in the first film help Transformers 2.
While the loudness is periodically entertaining, it just becomes white noise after a while.
Prepare for bigger metal crunchers, louder explosion and more of Megan Fox's glossy lips.
I, for one, am not one of the transformed, and the day I have to try and sit through this ungodly mess of a sequel again is the very day I ask to be smacked upside the head by a two-by-four.
The quintessential Michael Bay movie, though in this instance I mean that as high compliment.
The right notes are struck over and over for the target demo but there's not much for the rest of us. The special effects are no longer quite so special. A fact that doesn't stop Bay from committing more-is-less excesses.
Good when it is good, but extremely, shockingly, horrifyingly bad when it is bad.
The movie is formulaic and routine, which suits (Michael) Bay's directorial style. Creativity is anathema to this by-the-numbers cinematic traffic cop.
The lack of -- you know, people -- distances us from the film, and the special effects are so omnipresent in those scenes that it feels more like we're watching animation than live action.
Quickly collapses into unmitigated big-budget tedium, all dressed up with nowhere to go.
This film is a poster child for the idea that more does not always equal more.
Compared to this sequel, the first Transformers, which was released two years ago, ranks right up there with Kant's Critique of Pure Reason.
Though battles are Transformers' raison d'être, before it's over, Revenge will collapse under the weight of far too many of them.
Transformers: Revenge of the Fallen is more proof [Bay] has a great eye for scale and a gift for visceral amazement.
Revenge of the Fallen entertains when things are being smashed, squished, ripped apart and blown into tiny pieces. The Transformers' animations and the chaos of their combat are intense and spectacular.
Revenge of the Fallen almost feels like it's signaling an end-game for blockbuster movies: all sensation, no content, catastrophic expense.
This is cinematic poetry for pinheads. It's less of a film than a reason for a noise ordinance. But for the faithful -- action aficionados and Transformers disciples -- it indisputably delivers.
If the robots in Revenge of the Fallen are so menacing, why can't they outrun Shia LaBeouf?
Bay seems to think that just showing us a bunch of brightly clashing metallic limbs (accompanied by lots of noise) is enough to make us faint in our seats with excitement.
The simplest thing Bay could have done to clarify the stakes of the robot wars would be to visually distinguish the robots from one another in some way. Armbands? Shirts and skins? "Hello, My Name Is" stickers?
A well-oiled, loudly revving summer action vehicle that does all that's required, and then some.
Transformers: Revenge of the Fallen is a bewildering, noisy, sloppy, cynical piece of work, a movie that sneers at the audience for 147 minutes and expects us to lap it up as entertainment -- and be grateful.
What's wrong here is that there's so much swirling, relentless action, indistinct robot characterizations and over-caffeinated techies loose on the special-effects machines that the movie, in mere seconds, achieves incoherence.
An over-the-top movie that smashes and bashes the senses.
Convenient story leaps, shamefully inappropriate elements, completely incoherent action, and frustratingly lowest-common denominator "comic" relief.
This celluloid abortion should be buried in a vault and shown to film students as an example of big Hollywood at its worst.
Never in the field of blockbuster movies has so much been spent on so little.
Tão ruim que deveria figurar numa cláusula adicional da Convenção de Genebra para que tivéssemos a certeza de que não seria exibido como forma de tortura a prisioneiros políticos.
The cluttered storyline of Transformers: Revenge of the Fallen amounts to a convoluted treasure hunt.
...an ungainly and incomprehensible assault on the senses.
I swear to you that I have never had a film experience that felt longer than the whopping 149 minutes of Revenge of the Fallen, every single one of which I wish I had spent doing something else.
Like its predecessor, it remains resolutely critic-proof and more honest about its purpose than most soulless corporate abominations.
Visually, the film is beautiful, but as a huge fan of the first one, I was thoroughly disappointed with the structure, pacing, script and overall experience.
This is the single worst film to be released thus far in the summer of 2009 and that's a whole helluva pile of bad to overcome in achieving that title.
Revenge of the Fallen is almost literally plotless. It's like a movie based on a TV Guide description. A bloated, ponderous piece of s**t.
I hated every 149 minutes. This is so bad it's immoral. Michael Bay is a time-sucking vampire who will feast off your lost time. This is why the movie is so long.
...Fox is wasted, given nothing more to do then wear revealing outfits and pout.
The best thing about "Transformers: Revenge of the Fallen" is that it's perhaps the funniest movie of the year ... "Transformers: Revenge of the Fallen" is not as bad as "Transformers"; somehow, in the face of long odds, it is actually worse.
Michael Bay has once again transformed garbage into something resembling a film, at least in the loosest sense: it can be run through a projector and used to sell millions of tickets.
Critics blithely refer to movies as 'painful' all the time, but this is the real deal.
Parental Content Review
I honestly wish it could change itself into a good movie, instead it ends up being one of the worst sequels I've ever seen.
"Beginning! Middle! End! Condense! Details! Plot!," yells John Turturro's G-man at a robot somewhere in the middle of the morass "Revenge of the Fallen" becomes. Forget "More than meets the eye." Michael Bay should have more so heeded that cry.
Even for a Michael Bay movie, this robot-on-robot sequel is a pointless, messy assault on the senses. The special effects, of course, are flawless. The rest is scrap metal.
Despite having lowered the artistic bar to Death Valley levels, director Michael Bay has somehow managed to figure out a way to slither beneath with the flexibility of the pole dancers-in-training that he prefers to hire as his female extras.
Bay's low humor is lame enough, but it's downright offensive juxtaposed with Pearl Harbor-like scenes of a U.S. Navy aircraft carrier being destroyed by Decepticons.
The first film was a summer action movie masterpiece, this one can't even make giant, transforming robots stay interesting for its entire running time.
If you ever wondered what a movie would look like geared toward the underdeveloped brain of a gestating zygote...then Transformers: Revenge of the Fallen is the insipid illustration you've been waiting for.
Transformers: Revenge of the Fallen suffers from the same malady as its predecessor, an almost pathological aversion to taking itself seriously.
If you took a still shot of one of them in the middle of an action sequence, you'd need to think for about a second or two to really understand what you're looking at. The visual design of these Transformers appears decidedly uncinematic.
Bad storytelling is bad storytelling, no matter how many explosions, robots and hot chicks you have on screen.
#transformersfail
Putrid, offensive and life-sucking. Early word is describing this woebegone fiasco as the next Batman and Robin. Having seen both, Joel Schumacher has every right to protest the comparison.
All this is Bay being Bay, but you have to question the motives of Hasbro. The company is marketing its toys through a film that contains language and humor inappropriate for children 13 and younger.
Leave it to Michael Bay to take the fun out of explosions.
The only part of Fallen more boring than when things are exploding is when things aren't exploding.
In what has been an alarmingly weak summer, Transformers 2 really doesn't contribute much to improve it.
In Transformers: Revenge of the Fallen, the director's subject is as blatant and consistent as his cluttered mise-en-scène.
I've just spent 2 1/2 hours watching a movie and another hour thinking about what I saw and I have no earthly idea what Transformers: Revenge of the Fallen is about.
The dubious, tasteless humor and awful dialogue don't help. Neither does having a leading lady who can't act -- Fox seems to be regressing in her development as a performer.
No giant robots urinate on humans in Transformers: Revenge of the Fallen.
So what if he can't put a coherent series of shots together? Bay's going for pure sensation, and everyone knows dramatic continuity is for women and the weak.
A cinematic avalanche in which Michael Bay eschews anything resembling plot or characters and instead screams at the audience's eyes for two and a half hours.
The action-chase-battle sequences of Transformers are cutting-edge and undeniably powerful.
It's the movie to see if the most important person in your life is Optimus Prime. If, like me, you think Optimus Prime is a Roman steakhouse, move on.
Because Bay bombards you with so much, it's easy to forget that he can be a gifted technician.
It's all pretty numbing.
Revenge of the Fallen may be a massive overdose of popcorn greased with motor oil. But it knows how to feed your inner 10-year-old's appetite for destruction.
After 149 minutes, I felt like I had been sitting in an aluminum garbage can while someone drummed on the outside with a wrench.
Transformers 2 is bigger, longer and louder than its predecessor. In this case, more is less.
... the bigger, longer, more expensive and completely unnecessary sequel to the amusing 2007 blockbuster about giant alien robots...
This is a giant robot battle movie that never takes itself too seriously.
A great grinding garbage disposal of a movie, Transformers: Revenge of the Fallen isn't so much a narrative film as a cacophonous series of explosions intermittently interrupted by needless dialogue.
For far too long, the movie consists of chase scenes, scrotum jokes, shrieked conversations, broad slapstick, and depressingly regressive ethnic caricatures.
Something is seriously amiss when a movie as noisy and frenetic as Transformers: Revenge of the Fallen is so boring it puts you to sleep.
Bay's most unrestrained and ridiculous to date. The male teenage cinematic equivalent of snorting cocaine off a hooker's ass.
Autobots battle Decepticons, with Planet Earth at stake. Thunderous, chaotic sequel actually improves on the original.
A joyless, humorless, bloated carcass of an event movie...Nothing kills the euphoric buzz of exceptionally articulated carefree mindlessness quite like a newly emboldened Michael Bay.
Even longer and noisier than its predecessor--as well as dumber and more incoherent...like a big, unsightly, clattery toy powered by a battery that just wont quit, even though you devoutly wish it would.
It's so loud and relentless you feel you're in the center of a trash compactor.
The spectacular Transformers: Revenge of the Fallen is a triumph of the producers' creed: Pound the senses, simulate emotion and milk the golden calf of the familiar like a mechanical farmhand.
The comedy is what keeps Transformers 2 from turning into one colossal pileup of the monster trucks.
at a time when kids are being pushed to grow up instantly and adults are encouraged to cultivate their arrested development, it makes perfect sense that Michael Bay is waiting for them right in the middle, Happy Meal in hand.
Fallen would do well to turn itself into a bland, eighteen-wheeler and drive out of town.
Everyone is overcaffeinated, everyone screams their lines, perhaps so they can hear each other over the explosions and the thunderous score.
It's all so last administration.
While LaBeouf proves, finally, to be a viable leading man, and Fox and her midriff earn the power-rock ballads that play every time they have a close-up, they ought to move aside sometimes.
The first, comparatively lucid Transformers was a headache, but I sort of enjoyed it....Revenge of the Fallen is more like listening to rocks in a clothes dryer for 2 1/2 hours.
I know they had to get this script in before the writer's strike and that it was really rushed, but did no one proof read this thing?
Transformers: Revenge of the Fallen dazzles the eye, numbs the mind and may cause deafness in some cases.
At least the special effects in Transformers: Revenge of the Fallen are remarkable: You never tire of the endless variations of robots Bay and his computer-generated effects crew come up with.
Transformers 2: Revenge of the Fallen is proof positive that not every summer action blockbuster has the mettle to be a franchise.
Call me old fashioned, but I like a little side story and character to go along with my order of big, loud special effects.
The magic isn't in the plot (no disrespect to returning screenwriters Roberto Orci and Alex Kurtzman, joined by Ehren Kruger), but in the obvious delight Bay takes in boyish fantasies of battles, cars, aliens and babes.
If you want to save yourself the ticket price, go into the kitchen, cue up a male choir singing the music of hell, and get a kid to start banging pots and pans together. Then close your eyes and use your imagination.
Is it the worst movie of the summer? Possibly. Will everybody see it? Probably.
There are enormous battle sequences -- you can practically see the dollar signs -- but little effort at telling a story.
Transformers: Revenge of the Fallen is what it is: a big-budget spectacle with an incredible amount of action, a frivolous plot, and one hot chick.
[L]ike the most totally awesome artifact ever of the end of the American empire... loud, obnoxious, sexist, racist, juvenile, unthinking, visceral, and violent... and in love with ourselves for it.
Being directed by Michael Bay, you will probably go in expecting a lot of action and explosions ... but this is clearly the Bay of Pearl Harbor and Armageddon
A 150-minute simulation of life in a garbage disposal.
It finally occurred to me that pyrotechnics are Bay's pornography: massive, fiery money-shots. I hope he had a sufficient supply of tissues in the editing room.
It's like standing in the middle of a dust storm and opening your eyes to let the grit pour in. Car parts fly around the screen as if in a scrap metal tornado.
If you're lucky - and this is rare - you can figure out which robots are fighting and, eventually, who won.
...a monolithic action masterpiece that feels destined to be the biggest movie of all time.
A lot of people put a great deal of effort into this movie to create great effects and exciting action but the whole thing is led by a man who directs by numbers.
Maxing the sci-fi elements, Bay brings in 50-odd different robots including two that win my Jah Jah Binks Film Award for comic ethnic stereotyping. Shellshock soon locks in as yet another monster twists out of carnage. Then you stifle the yawns.
Bay will be blamed for the shortcomings of this loud, long sequel, but the problem is not the overwhelming effects or huge explosions but the silly, old-fashioned tale that doesn't make any sense.
Like the original, the film is a giant frenetic spectacle that worships excess.
While it would be hard to make a case for 'Revenge of the Fallen' as 'good' in any normal sense of the word, it possesses such brute force that the viewer is left with two options: surrender, or suffer in silence.
Revenge Of The Fallen isn't only louder than Transformers, however. It's longer, it's more explosive, it's more directionless, it's all the proof you'll ever need that more really isn't always more.
It's like being hit over the head repeatedly with a very expensive, very loud train set.After two and a half hours in this bludgeoning company, you're begging Bay to put away the boys' toys and make a rom-com.
At once loud and boring, like watching paint dry while getting hit over the head with a frying pan. And at two and a half hours, it really is very long.
Bay's is a cinema on steroids, pursuing a body-builder's dream of eternal growth -- it must bulge constantly outward, veins popping like twigs from its ever-flexed biceps.
Transformers is entertainment by volume. Both in terms of a decibel level that pummels you into submission, and a whopping run-time of around two-and-a-half hours. It feels like a tipping point - a kind of nirvana for the Ritalin generation.
Transformers 2 feels a bit like watching someone else play a video game for two and a half hours.
This thunderously noisy celebration of the Hasbro toy ticks all the right boxes with the fanboys...the rest of us might suffer metal fatigue.
Despite its few faults, this is this summer's biggest ticket and ties with Star Trek for the best summer blockbuster of 2009.
Even if it were a more tolerable 90 minutes, it would still sum up everything that is most tedious, crass and despicable about modern Hollywood.
Big, loud and definitely not clever, it's a giant, lumbering idiot of a movie that, were it not for all the explosions, would send the most devoted action fans to sleep.
In terms of explosions, firepower and sheer shrill, all-action, popcorn entertainment it is hard to see how this big'n'bold sequel can be topped this year.
This re-run of the previous thrills and spills displays a disappointing lack of ambition.
The digital effects are mind-boggling, assuming, after extensive pulverisation, that you have a mind left to boggle.
Fourteen-year-old boys will get their money's worth. This boring, preposterous nonsense is stretched to an agonising two-and-a-half hours.
Director Michael Bay has always had a passion for big, noisy spectacles and Revenge Of The Fallen is a bravura display of his ability to mastermind global destruction. What it lacks is the human touch, decent dialogue, novelty and restraint.
The insurmountable problem is the two-and-a-half-hour (argh!) running time, during which the minuscule central conflict is bulked out by tedious 'put the lost key thing into the other gizmo thing' cross-plots.
Spectacular and totally meaningless, like a video game transposed to the big screen and worked by a maniacal enthusiast.
By turns Revenge Of The Fallen is spectacular, funny, cringeworthy, edge-of-the-seat exciting, tedious, incomprehensible, dumb and very occasionally smart -- sometimes all at the same time.
It's like watching a blender for two hours while someone shouts at you. And then the last half an hour is the same, except it's more like having your head strapped to a washing machine while you watch a blender and someone shouts at you.
Bigger, louder and more annoying, this won't disappoint fans of the first film, but the deficiencies in script and character are even more apparent this time round and Bay's contempt for his audience is almost palpable.
It's bigger. Badder. Boobier. And many other words beginning with B, including boneheadedly brilliant.
On a technical level it's probably the biggest and boldest sequel of the year, and certainly the loudest.
Bay may have the skills to deliver thrills, and he certainly has the audacity to spend hundreds of millions of dollars providing audiences with megawatt instant gratification. But he doesn't have the smarts to make something that sticks in the memory.
More robots, more in-your-face action, more awesome special effects and more stunning world-wide locations.
Practically a remake of the first movie!
Fan boys will no doubt love it, but for the uninitiated it's loud, tedious and, at 147 minutes, way too long.
With machines that are impressively more lifelike, and characters that are more and more like machines, Transformers: Revenge of the Fallen takes the franchise to a vastly superior level of artificial intelligence.
My advice is to switch off your brainpower, get in touch with your inner juvenile self and go with the flow for this feast for the senses, orchestrated by the undoubted maestro of the genre Michael Bay.
There is nothing - nothing - in Bay's film that can be taken seriously - although that becomes something of a problem in itself, given Bay's relentless exploitation of imagery from 9/11 and the Second Gulf War...
Performance-wise, the machines do tend to upstage the humans.
A super-sized second helping, but the novelty factor and some of the charm's gone. Hey, at least there's more Megatron / Starscream squabbling this time round.
Old folks may find the relentless sensory assault a little draining, but the bangs, 'bots and bombast ensure Fallen has everything Transformers fans will want and expect.
It was clearly the director's intention to paint Revenge of the Fallen on an epic canvas. It's more of the same - a lot more.

@highlight

Transformers: Revenge of the Fallen is a noisy, underplotted, and overlong special effects extravaganza that lacks a human touch.