The film has graphic violence and perversion, but there is no take-away. It leaves you trying to nail down what the point to this remake really was.
Lee's remake will strike a cord with unfamiliar audiences, but, for the most part, it's a hit-and-miss effort that comes close to good results.
The first hour or so of Lee's 'Oldboy' is so gripping that it's dispiriting to watch the wheels fall off the wagon so spectacularly in the third act.
It's captivating to watch Spike Lee dabble in genre filmmaking.
Compared directly, the difference between both films are more than a little disappointing, but with all of that said, 2013's Oldboy still has pleasures to be witnessed.
Lee takes his time crafting fiery characters and an impenetrable, who-and-why mystery only to rush through a series of arbitrary clues and explanations.
For a "pointless" and "unnecessary" remake, there's actually some really solid stuff in this one.
Sloppy when taken on its own and abhorrent when compared to its predecessor.
Park Chan-wook's movie was a delirious nightmare whose ideas and images stuck like burrs in the mind. Lee's remake is all too forgettable.
Maybe the giant leaps of faith that the original script calls for were easier to swallow 10 years ago, or perhaps it's just that Lee's version seems to mannered to be convincing.
It's not that Spike Lee's attempt at a remake is particularly bad, though it does have a few issues, it's just that it's an entirely unnecessary one.
...we have a mediocre remake being released on Blu-ray and the extras are better than the film itself.
The blu-ray's features suggest that Lee made a better film than what was released theatrically
Visceral thrills and athletic camerawork seem only to bring out the actors' limitations.
In a film where the hero is constantly asking questions about his predicament, the audience may be left with the most important one of all: why?
Hard-hearted and ostentatiously nasty, the most stylish thing Spike Lee has been involved with for years.
Spike Lee reworks a cult classic
The result is engaging enough for those not familiar with the first film, yet it lacks the freshness of the original concept despite some clever plot twists and moments of visual flair.
[Lee] moves easily among the several registers of filmmaking that Oldboy demands.
Everything is wrong with [Spike] Lee's version of Park Chan-wook's notorious, super-violent super-action-thriller. For one thing, it's far from super. Not the quality, per se (although, for Lee, that's off, too), but the energy.
Spike Lee's remake of 2003's Oldboy is as brutally perplexing as the South Korean original, and needless for both its repetition and tweaks. Nothing is really lost in translation, or gained.
The martial arts sequences are a joy to watch and, when taken as it's own entity, this "Old Boy" feels like it should hit it's intended audience favorably.
Fans of the cult classic "Old Boy" may have mixed feelings on this new version (or even wonder why it was remade at all), but standing on it's on "Old Boy" is a different type of revenge flick that works just well enough to be fresh.
Viewers new to Oldboy will appreciate Lee's affecting and entertaining tale of a man unjustly imprisoned. Fans of Park's film-and there are many wildly loyal ones-will likely be far less impressed.
Other than catering to an audience unwilling to read subtitles, it's hard to see what Spike Lee has brought to the table ...
A brave, uncompromised remake of the cult original. It is worth seeing.
Lee follows the plot of the original film almost to the letter, replicating many of its bloody, violent set pieces and the oppressive feel of Doucett's cell, but he never quite delivers the same levels of atmosphere or menace.
A misguided, if visually polished, remake of Park Chan-wook's violent revenge thriller.
Moviegoers who know nothing about the iconic 2003 Korean thriller will perhaps enjoy this half-hearted remake.
An occasionally atmospheric and entertaining thriller on its own terms, anchored by a solid, committed performance by leading man Brolin. Still, it's hard to escape the feeling that Lee is going through the motions.
Destined for many enjoyable drunken viewings on bad movie night in the future. It just has to age a bit before it gets there.
The facsimile is pointless but dependable until Lee and his screenwriter add increasingly ludicrous embellishments.
For those familiar with Chan-wook Park's mesmerising 2003 original, Spike Lee's remake of Oldboy is tantamount to cultural vandalism.
This Oldboy is another pointless remake, and I couldn't swallow it.
Lee and his cameraman film from the floor, the ceiling, the drainpipes: anywhere to lend novelty, or fresh perspective, to tired, trashy material.
A stylishly directed, solidly entertaining thriller with a terrific central performance from Josh Brolin, though it misses the intensity of the original film.
[Lee's] uncompromising attitude proves to be exactly what's needed to westernise a landmark in Asian extreme cinema - without dulling its edge.
A garish reproduction that never pretends to know who it's for.
Lacking in any palpable intensity and suspense, it's a challenge to fully invest in this tale, as a film that is rather cold and emotionally withdrawn.
To its credit, Spike Lee's remake isn't a slavish imitation. On the other hand, its grit is a grey substitute for the original's vision and verve.
Gone is the original's frenzied urgency and, with the fundamental set-up remaining the same, if you're familiar with the 2003 film there's negligible suspense; it's a mystery thriller without the mystery.
Why would we want to watch a chronicle of Joe's agonies, and the agonies he gets to inflict on others? Passing it up would be the best revenge.
Obviously not for everyone, in the same way that Park's films aren't. But if you've got a taste for this kind of brutal, in-your-face story-telling, Lee delivers.
Hollywood's wildest cinematic freakout since "Shutter Island" is a remake of-and an improvement on-the Korean original, from 2003.
Lee has been highly critical of 'Django Unchained,' but is not 'Oldboy' his own serio-comic captivity-and-revenge thriller, redeemed by its basis in fantasy rather than history? An alternate title might be '20 Years a Slave.'
Dreary, flat, oversimplified, uninspired. Surely the failure of Oldboy will prove many right who decried this remake years ago. I wonder what a more nuanced, imaginative director might've done with a script that wasn't dumbed down for the masses?
In intriguing premise, poorly executed.
What is discouraging is how mechanical this new "Oldboy" is.
The most unexpected takeaway from Spike Lee's new version is the realization is that mere shock value is only part, actually a small one at that, of what made Park Chan-Wook's film so disturbing and powerful.
Lee's version just isn't as good as its predecessor, and worse, it creates rules of violence that the rest of the film chooses not to follow. It exists because it has to, not because it should.
A vivid yet academic remake, this Oldboy is shorter, leaner and lesser.
...unremittingly depressing and irresponsibly violent...There is no earthly reason to actually pay money to sit through this debasing drivel.
A respectable piece of filmmaking from a purely technical perspective [but an] unnecessary, inferior remake...Lee's 'Oldboy' is harder to swallow than the octopus in Park's original.
Sometimes I don't understand the Hollywood mindset. Who thought remaking Park Chan-wook's 2003 cult classic, Oldboy, was a good idea?
Much of the dialogue is stilted (several scene are laughable) and the melodrama feels unmoored without the lurid, baroque atmosphere of Park's film -- which, after all, was kind of the whole point.
Part knuckle-bruising revenge thriller and part dark mystery, Lee's streamlined genre offering achieves a certain level of idiosyncratic hold without ever planting deeper roots of its own.
If you've never seen the original, you're bound to be impressed. If you have seen the original, you're bound to be distracted by the way in which Spike Lee screwed this up.
Despite striking visuals and Josh Brolin's all-in performance, the new 'Oldboy' fails to build a riveting, believable mystery strong enough to support its big twist.
Lee tosses in tones of every color, over-the-top gags coupled with acts of horrific moments of violence. It's occasionally jarring, but the cultural stew cooks too long.
[Lee's] hard, brutal OLDBOY tackles that mind-bending, subversive story without flinching.
Lee does right by the story, or as right as the MPAA allowed him, but like so many Americanized versions of Asian groundbreakers, I ultimately found myself asking "Why?"
Like if McDonald's did an American version of kimchi and served us ketchup on cabbage. It's not going to please any fans of the original, and you might like it as a separate entity, but probably only if you're desperately hungry and an idiot.
Thankfully, [Jackson] stops short of screaming: "I have had it with these motherf***in' chunks out of my motherf***in' neck!"
Spike Lee unleashes tolchocking ultra-violence. A rush.
Oldboy is lively but numb - checked out, as if Lee were directing it following a period of intense convalescence.
Viewers who are coming to it cold will, most likely, leave feeling enervated, confused, and queasy.
What's onscreen feels squeezed, truncated and curiously embalmed. It's got no kick to it... Oldboy just lies there like old news that's not worth a second thought.
If somebody had to remake Oldboy, I'm glad it was Spike Lee.
There's little perverse pleasure to be found in a revenge tale that's told without a trace of passion.
A few minor changes and another strong, rounded performance by Josh Brolin helps Spike Lee's remake overcome some of the problems inherent in revisiting known source material.
For anyone who has seen the original Oldboy, Spike Lee's american remake will come across as a watered-down photocopy in nearly every way (save strong performances).
Few American filmmakers could hope to match the fervor of Chan-Wook's cinematic vision, Spike Lee is one of the few who can do Oldboy the justice it deserves.
Joe walks out of his prison cell with a singular sense of focus; Lee's Oldboy never achieves anything like that kind of clarity.
The darkness of Oldboy has been diluted, leaving the feature with the curdled consistency of a lesser Stallone vehicle while Lee directs with alarming passivity.
Lee's is more of a hard-edged, hammer-and-nail noir than Park's existential horror, and it's far less concerned with the internal state of Joe's mind than the external havoc it creates.
You feel anything could happen, even if you know exactly what's going to happen.
"Inside Man," and "25th Hour" are evidence that Lee is capable of great work. But here, as in "Miracle at St. Anna," his reach exceeds his grasp.
Just as depraved and depressing as the original.
For people won't have seen the original "Oldboy" or anything remotely like it, this will be a rare studio release that feels shocking and abrasive and perverse and in some way new.
The violence ... is gruesome - oodles of CG blood and brain matter - but out of scale. It's shock for shock's sake. It doesn't track.
[An] enormously unlikely but still satisfying paean to payback.
The story remains a very nasty piece of work.
Spike Lee's Oldboy "reinterpretation" hoists the hammer and baseball bat with vigour, but fails to make its own mark.
Brings to mind Samuel Johnson's famous 18th-century witticism, likening a woman preaching to a dog walking on its hind legs: "It is not done well; but you are surprised to find it done at all."
Lee is very good at creating a sense of free-floating dread, but he, and his screenwriter Mark Protosevich, don't have a real flair for pulp (or, as with David Lynch, the hallucinatory horrors of pulp).
Try as he might, Lee cannot repurpose this empty genre tale to be deeper than it is.
Lending real gravity to his character's single-minded crusade, [Brolin is] the best reason to give the film a chance.
Lee's update of Chan-wook's original comes off as a cold and depersonalized retelling of a wild and inventive revenge opus, minus the infamous live octopus-eating scene.
Spike Lee turns Josh Brolin into a full-bodied antihero in this all-American remake of a Korean cult movie, but the story remains a bloody bag of tricks.
We get a cheap rush of caffeinated violence, but we don't get much emotional richness. The movie has no taste.
The change in velocity actually helps the remake stand out, creating a film experience that pays service to what came before, yet succeeds in carving out something of its own.
Weaknesses from the original remain, including a mustache-twirling villain straight out of a Bond film (Sharlto Copley) and a Freudian master plan that unravels the more you think about it.
Relentlessly gruesome, self-consciously shocking and pretty much pointless.
Few directors could naturally jibe with such weird material, and Lee isn't one of them.
The remake that came too late, so benign and unmemorable that not even people who loved Park Chan-wook's 2003 original will be able to muster much outrage.
It's not as mythic as the original, but it has a Hitchcockian bite all its own.
Graphically gruesome when it means to be a provocative look at vengeance.
If you have seen the earlier version, you can occupy yourself with point-by-point comparisons. If not, you may find yourself swerving between bafflement and mild astonishment ...
I would divide the potential audience for "Oldboy" into two groups: Those who will be disappointed and those who will be bewildered.
To some ardent fans of the 2003 original, this might seem like messing with a classic. I don't see it that way. Lee has come up with a stylish mystery that should appeal to a sophisticated adult audience.
Josh Brolin, with his loping physique and handsome, hangdog scowliness, is like Nick Nolte's volatile younger brother, and in Spike Lee's rivetingly intense Oldboy, he gives a terrific and harrowing performance as a slimeball out for justice.
If Park's film is the work of a brilliant but soulless surgeon, Lee's is that of a gifted provocateur amusing himself until the next real thing comes around.
In many ways, Oldboy is a more accessible movie than its predecessor... Lee has done something few filmmakers before him have managed -- he has redone a movie and balanced the result on the line between homage and originality.
Alas, things go wrong pretty spectacularly on many fronts....Lee's folly is that all of his visual and choreographic contributions seem to be lesser than the original.
Oldboy is an immersion into pure twistedness. The purity of its twistedness is its saving grace.
"One of the most frustratingly accomplished disappointments this year."
Most normal people will not see this as a "pleasant" film -- I hope that's the case, anyway -- but it certain makes you feel something. And, as moviegoing experiences go, that's better than feeling nothing.
There is a brashness in the risks taken, the very imperfections revealing an artist finding new inspiration. For Lee, this weird, brutal film seems to have freed him.
It's Oldboy, but different. And that'll be enough for some. Unless it's not.
[Spike Lee's] new version of 'Oldboy' feels like someone stranded by material rather than someone liberated by it.
The suspense is taut, provided you can prevent yourself from frequently yelling, "That's not possible."
[VIDEO COLUMN] By no means should anyone squander the time they would spend watching Chan-wook Park's "Oldboy" on Spike Lee's deflated rendering.
It's an echo of Park's film and will be quickly dismissed in the legacy of its director.
...a superior remake that improves upon its (admittedly solid) predecessor in most aspects...
If the film's successive missteps are frustrating, though, it is because the rest of "Oldboy" has a dangerously irresistible ambience difficult to deny or resist.
Intriguing differences from the original don't so much improve on it as suggest that Lee and the screenwriter never figured out why that first film worked.
For fans of the Quentin Tarantino school of grisly, outre noir, Lee's take on "Oldboy" has a lot to offer ...
Revenge is a dish best served cold, but I'll take it lukewarm as long as I get to watch Sharlto Copley's brilliance in action.
Too ridiculous to be taken seriously and far too self-serious to qualify as escapist entertainment.
This new take is an exhilarating, swiftly paced display of Lee's mastery of movie language as well as a convincing argument that at the movies, revenge is a dish best served often.
Oldboy is too violent and strange for mass audiences, while the select few who've seen Park's film will recognize Lee's work as a beat-for-beat remake that adds almost nothing new while building to the same climax.
What makes the original's eccentricity easy to accept is the foreignness Western audiences attribute to it.
...s strong as it may be in some areas, this new version is still ultimately little more than a passable cover tune. But if it leads mainstream audiences to the real deal, I'm for it.
Oldboy' is absolutely one to miss.
So much of Oldboy works so well that it's a huge disappointment when the movie loses its nerve in the climax, opting for a radically different and less subversive ending than the original.
There are considerable pleasures in watching Lee work in B-movie mode, but they can't distract from the fact that his remake's determined darkness doesn't add up to all that much.
Copley gives the year's worst performance. The South African actor portrays "The Stranger" with the kind of showy effete glee usually reserved for mustachioed villains who tie women to train tracks in silent movies.
A capable riff on Park's original that only tweaks a handful of noteworthy ingredients.
This is simply a cold and calculated revenge thriller that is satisfied to offer a few shocks, good performances with a little sex and violence thrown in for good measure.
Let's put it this way: five years from now when you're talking about Oldboy, nobody's going to say 'Which one?'
It isn't just Spike Lee's worst movie, it's practically his Wicker Man.
Given the considerable reputation of Park's original with genre fanboys, the only legitimate reason to revisit this material in English is to try something new. Yet at virtually every step, Lee...plays it safe.
Dark, violent thriller stands on its own despite its revered predecessor.
As Oldboy moves on it feels more and more generic, as if a studio grabbed hold of the wheel and turned it into something more resembling a late-90s Ashley Judd thriller than either the original or any of Lee's films.
Lee's failure to choose between movie-ness and deeper meaning leaves the concept under-explored, which is why his version of "Oldboy," in part and as a whole, is momentarily gobsmacking but never quite as resonant as it should be.
Previously logical actions and punishments have become confused and minimized, depleting the force of this story of heartbreak and atonement.
Revenge, like octopus, is a dish best served cold, but Spike Lee's disappointingly straight remake of "Oldboy" is a lukewarm meal at best.
Spike Lee's version loses the one thing that really worked in the original, the sense of moral complication emerging out of the intertwined action of two men hell-bent on retribution.
This is pure camp, and difficult to take seriously in any way at all.
What, exactly, drew Lee to an "Oldboy" remake? You can't really tell from watching the film.
[Oldboy] is rife with blood, quirkiness, four-letter poetry and general ickiness. While much of the movie feels like a major filmmaker slumming in genre territory, there are still a few ripe mysteries to be solved.
The picture is a blood-soaked farrago of physical and psychological torture, though it's not nearly as extreme as the Korean version.
If you've already seen and liked Chan-wook's film, there's no real reason to see this; if you've already seen and hated it, there are a hundred reasons to turn away.

@highlight

Suitably grim and bloody yet disappointingly safe and shallow, Spike Lee's Oldboy remake neither surpasses the original nor adds anything new to its impressive legacy.