I expected Robin Hood to be Gladiator + Braveheart and I was pleased to find that it stands on its own as an entertaining movie.
The irony here is between the powerful merge of cinematic storytelling, history, and the dominant role of the market, because if Sir Ridley Scott's epic doesn't make a profit, there won't be a sequel, and more's the pity.
It's a prequel of sorts to the popular folklore, a prequel that nobody asked for.
Dark and depressing, this adventure lacks all of the excitement and joy of many of Robin Hood's previous adventures.
Despite [its] problems, it is still worth seeing mainly because of its fascinating take on the characters.
I thought [Robin Hood] was going to be the best film of the year ... [it] never gels.
There are fleeting moments when Scott's camera captures some of the mystery and magic of the greenwood, catches sunlight and shadows and glancing figures flitting through the trees - and you glimpse the enduring potency of the Robin Hood myth.
A solid change of pace for those seeking something a bit more substantial amid the sound-and-fury norm.
Ridley Scott brings his usual keen cinematic eye and pain-staking attention to period detail to Robin Hood, bringing an uninspired script to life without a grander purpose than to just exist as a typical Summer movie.
I don't know if anyone can better direct the kind of swords-and-horses action on display here.
Robin Hood looks great, with the sort of well-executed mise-en-scène we've come to expect from Scott, but it's a lot of sound and thunder that amounts to nothing.
If you don't want a chillier, wetter Gladiator then why are you even thinking of buying a ticket?
There's so much stuff crammed in here that the filmmakers forget to tell a truly engaging story.
We never even get to see Robin steal from the rich and give to the poor. That's because the film is a prequel in search of a sequel. With any luck, we won't get one.
Good but not great. The meatier story always follows the introduction, right?
It's a blah story with roots in neither history nor popular myth, and it doesn't set up Robin Hood as someone we'd care to follow after this story is told.
Scott's adaptation ... [is] about separating the legend from the man; it's about bringing Robin of the Hood out of the stratosphere of adulation and presenting him as a regular, human man.
I'm thinking the title of the movie should be Ridley Scott's Robin Hood - How to make the English hate the French again.
With its cast of thousands and impressive sets, Robin Hood looks great but this is not the gritty re-imagining of the Merry Men that many had hoped for - in fact, it hardly even counts as a Robin Hood film.
The Robin Hood we get from Scott and Crowe is neither rollicking fun nor clever re-imagining.
Scott gives the proceedings an air of sombre importance, resulting in a film that (...) feels strangely laboured and lacking in the pleasure that even the darkest adventure can provide.
full review at Movies for the Masses
Audience rousing cinema of this size and class does not come along often. A titillating conclusion leaves open the possibility of a sequel, and if Robin Hood is anything to go by, then more than merrier.
Its $200-million budget is on the screen. This is a big-scale ambitious period epic in the 60s grand tradition. It seeks to retell a well-worn tale, to put old wine in a shiny new bottle.
A very long stroll through an overcast Renaissance Fest
It's strange to complain about historical inaccuracies in a film about a legend whose origin is heavily debated; However, that's exactly this film's biggest problem.
What is missing from this version of Robin Hood is the fun that usually goes with things like robbing the rich and giving the loot to the poor. This comes across as very serious, and it doesn't need to be.
This is not your Father's Nottingham and that's a good thing.
Nice cinematography and set design aside, "Robin Hood" fails at its most basic level--it's not particularly entertaining, and as such, it's not particularly worth your time.
Básicamente un buen entretenimiento, que especula sobre los orígenes del legendario personaje sin respetar demasiado la verdad histórica.
One of Ridley Scott's worst movies.
The film is pretty, and there are a few solid moments every hour. But considered as a work of cinema, with paid professionals involved, it's an extremely lackluster story.
Só se torne visualmente interessante já em seus créditos finais que combinam animação e live action através da rotoscopia -- mas aí já é tarde demais, posto que, para chegarmos ali, fomos obrigados a enfrentar 148 minutos de projeção.
Why, this isn't Robin Hood, it's the angsty modern superhero. It's Robin Hood as a 12th-century Batman. Did we really need this?
a glum, darkly serious, and slow-moving origin story that takes an exceedingly long time to get to the point where the movie should have actually begun
Boring and joyless, felled by a convoluted, mostly inconsequential plot, as huge chunks of the movie are taken up by negotiations and gamesmanship between characters we don't care about.
The legend lives on. Actually, this film is set right before the legend begins.
Iako predstavlja razo%u010Daranje, Robin Hood %u0107e starijim gledateljima koji se sje%u0107aju Costnerovog Princa lopova, ipak pru%u017Eiti odre%u0111enu utjehu
This is not the classic 1938 The Adventures of Robin Hood, but it is an excellent tale that harks back more to Ridley Scott's Kingdom of Heaven than his Gladiator.
Yes, it's dour, but it's also gritty and not nearly as silly as most "Robin Hood" adaptations.
If Errol Flynn's archer was a New Deal advocate of wealth redistribution, Russell Crowe's dour AWOL soldier is a Robin of the Hood that Tea Partiers can embrace: a rebel against the tax and central-government tyranny of a callow young ruler...
It is a long, joyless exercise in tedium that defies imagination, this new journey to Sherwood Forest an arrow to the jugular that's as lifeless as it is disappointing.
There are great roaring fires and buckets of mead but none of it will ever warm you to Russell Crowe, whose charm seems to diminish by the nanosecond.
Robin Hood hits the bullseye.
In Robin Hood, director Ridley Scott has no problem in ratcheting up action. But Scott does have a problem in ratcheting up drama.
Ridley Scott and his usual Oscar-winning crewmates turn the familiar old English legend it into a robust, thumping epic. The pacing is a bit uneven, but it keeps us thoroughly engaged.
A painful 2.5-hour slog through monotonous battles, pointless name-checking and excessively elaborate plotting.
I'd like to be able to say that the climactic battle sequence is so spectacular it redeems the film, but it's literally too little, too late. Scott's done it all before, and better
At about two hours and 20 minutes, "Robin Hood" is heavy on exposition and dialogue and short on action. There seems to be a lot of dead space in which nothing happens. The movie could very easily have been trimmed to two hours or less.
A slog of a history lesson...despite its impressive technical aspects.
A beautiful bore: Robin has daddy issues and Ridley Scott pushes income redistribution
Ridley Scott and Russell Crowe will be better off pointing their arrows in different directions after this Dark Age howler.
Who doesn't smile at the thought of the tale of rollicking Robin Hood, Maid Marion, and the Merry Men? I can name a couple: Director Ridley Scott and star Russell Crowe. This dour duo bring a heretofore unexplored gloom and doom to the age-old fable.
Robin Hood was a workmanlike film with nothing special to recommend it other than the two lead actors and beautifully shot English countryside.
A richly detailed movie that is at least as good as the Oscar-winning Gladiator, the first collaboration between Scott and Crowe.
Ridley Scott's spin on the classic Robin Hood yarn starts out with great promise, but by the time 140 minutes tick away and the film collapses into Hollywood cliché and convention, the audience is half expecting to hear Bryan Adams' Everything I Do.
Learning what made Hood is well and good, but couldn't that have taken 30 minutes, with the rest of the movie being about a wanted philanthropic criminal?
A big, sweeping epic executed in a manner that makes all the spectacle and pageantry appear effortless.
Crowe's accent roams the British Isles depending on who he is acting opposite, which is distracting, but Blanchett is luminous with an unshakable Nottingham burr, which adds warmth to some choice lines of dialogue.
"And so the legend begins," the new movie tells us at the end. But it's too late.
Robin and Marian are played by a scowling Russell Crowe and a grim Cate Blanchett, who has the face of a wooden squaw stained by decades of cigar smoke. I can't remember a more un-fun-looking couple.
This looked like the airplane version of the movie and not the epic it could have been.
It takes all of the 'merry' right out of his merry men. Thatis--until a cheesy final action scene that negates all the fussy seriousness that came before it.
It may not be your father's Robin Hood but it is an entertaining film just the same.
The resolution doesn't suggest the future social activist fugitive and model of altruism re-engineering class structure through thievery whom we expect.
I give it props for being epic in scope and behind all its missteps there's still something to ponder about the Robin Hood legend that's worth pondering.
... dares to suggest that "the best" (is) behind (Robin Hood), but it simply doesn't wash for a legendary hero to be without greater adventures to look forward to.
'In this version of the tale,' said Ridley Scott, 'Robin Hood fires a desk telephone at a bullseye from 100 yards and hits it square on.'
Ridley Scott and Russell Crowe have stripped the fantasy away from Robin Hood and replaced it with ... boring.
You know you're in trouble when it takes two and a half hours for the legend to, well, begin.
Metaphorically, Scott's 'Robin Hood' misses the bulls-eye, but at least hits the edge of the target.
Amid all the battle hubbub and archery antics, Russell Crowe manages to make us believe this Robin Hood is a man of thought as well as action.
An exercise in tedium.
Scott aims high, but never hits the target. His salvation is an ability to create and manage effects and name actors giving noteworthy performances.
Were that many people clamoring to see what's basically X-Men Origins: Robin Hood?
the movie could have just as easily been called Santa Claus for how much it has to do with the legend
I would have preferred a Robin Hood film.
The cast of veteran actors do their job in a workmanlike manner and maintain the serious mood. Other strengths are the medieval costumes and...
[It ends] with the snotty card "And so the legend begins", just to rub it in a bit that whatever we just watched, it sure wasn't legendary. Legendarily boring, maybe.
[Ridley Scott's] primary interest seems to be that of all "generals in the arts," to wow us with action set pieces garnished with bits of faux-profundity and Cliff's Notes historicity.
The production reins over the story.
Robin Hood doesn't become the swashbuckling bandit of Sherwood until the final moments, when the tag "And so the legend begins" appears. You may walk away liking this Robin Hood well enough, but wishing you had seen the sequel.
Overlong, convoluted, mostly bland and underwhelming despite solid performances, rousing action sequences and impressive production values. It suffers from excessive style over substance.
England and France in the 13th century, a time of injustice and mud. It's the same message one can garner about feudal society from MONTY PYTHON AND THE HOLY GRAIL in less time and with a great deal more entertainment value.
Like the 2004 King Arthur, Ridley Scott's mud-spattered epic focuses on the man behind the legend. But it's the legend people have loved and kept alive for hundreds of years.
It's a little like making a Johnny Appleseed movie, but having him plant peach trees instead because peaches tested better with the 15-to-27 demographic.
Cheer up, Robin Hood, you're a screen icon, for crying out loud.
As in so many summer behemoths, the real stars are the projectiles-in this case, arrows with their own point-of-view shots, zipping through the air and finding their targets with pinpoint accuracy.
Too much of this and not enough of that. This archer has missed his mark.
"Robin Hood" is a jolly good show, with spurts of violence for the guys and just a hint of men in tights for the gals.
Like his weapons of choice, Robin Hood needs to soar; Scott has anchored him in a needlessly self-important tale that only rarely achieves the lightness of flight.
http://www.commonsensemedia.org/movie-reviews/robin-hood-2010
This new version from Ridley Scott is rich in history and adventure, a swashbuckling epic that attempts to explain the man behind the legend.
This Robin is undoubtedly more authentic to the realities of life in 12th-century Britain than the iconic Errol Flynn version. That doesn't make it more enjoyable.
Of course Marian has to fight now too because women always fight in movies now and this is like everything else. Remember when that was new? It was actually a big deal when it started happening. Now it's another cliché.
Damned if those dual spoilsports, the gladiatorial director Ridley Scott reteamed with his portly star Russell Crowe, haven't drained every drop of merriment right out of the myth.
Imagine Pirates of the Caribbean without Johnny Depp, and you've got an idea of the flavor of Robin Hood: grand scope, engrossing period action and performances that are appealing -- but just shy of indelible.
If it's sword-on-sword with arrows-in-the-air action you want, Robin Hood delivers in a big way.
[Ridley] Scott's straight-faced approach robs the legend of its sense of fun, turning a hero of the people into a figurehead for self-serious filmmaking.
An extravagantly hollow experience that feels disconnected from the original character, and can't survive the ferocious scowl of Russell Crowe.
It's rattling good entertainment, Scott and Crowe's best since Gladiator. I hope there is a sequel.
It's all damn entertaining material. Even when you're not sure what it's doing here, you can't help but enjoy it.
Russell Crowe is suitably earnest, brave and modest in the title role, although his accent wanders all over England with perhaps a trace of Scotland...
It's a resolutely grim and grubby lesson in 13th-century British history filtered through all the requisite trademarks of a summer blockbuster.
An intelligent, layered story suited to our grim, patience-trying times.
There is a whole lot of meanwhile in this crowded, lumbering film.
Robin Hood fans hoping for some of the dash and wit of the classic films that starred Douglas Fairbanks and Errol Flynn should set their expectation meters to Off.
The action's here, there, and everywhere... but all this to-ing and fro-ing fails to advance the narrative with the compelling force you crave in movies.
Scott is at his best directing the action sequences and moving the story forward but is unable to imbue the characters with any dimensionality.
Exactly the sort of sturdy, energetic pseudo-historical epic that Scott can deliver in his sleep.
Ridley Scott and a vast army of actors, crew and extras produce a massive new Robin Hood that stands with the veteran director's best work.
Taken on its own merits, "Robin Hood" is a handsomely made and entertaining movie that reworks the traditional Hood characters into a "Braveheart"-like medieval action/war film. Just don't expect any green tights.
Between Scott's sense of the epic sweep, Helgeland's robust script and an extremely strong ensemble, this movie, lodged well within the Middle Ages, is anything but middling.
After the anemic Kevin Costner version of years past, Ridley Scott's "Robin Hood" arrives with just the right amount of historical gravity and production largesse; but in giving over merry men for gritty action, the story bears no resemblance to its swash
The Robin Hood of myth and moviedom is for the most part AWOL. Why should we have to wait until the last five minutes to see Crowe crack a smile, let alone split an arrow?
As crowdpleasers go, it's anemic and underwhelming. As history and heritage, it's even worse.
Ridley Scott is such a fine craftsman. His cuts and camera moves, his sound blasts, are all in service to the story. And this is a really old one.
A muddled compromise that likely won't please history buffs, Robin Hood aficionados, or casual summer-movie viewers.
An early episode establishes Robin's change, from Crusader to champion of the beleaguered and besieged, a fighter for... Muslims' rights?
He might be wearing chainmail, but he's no Iron Man. He might as well wear the tights and pointy shoes!
Luckily, I chugged a red bull before the film started because Ridley Scott's Robin Hood was slow, boring and lifeless. The only Strong point was the film's villain.
Instead of the usual romantic adventure, Scott and screenwriter Brian Helgeland offer a gritty drama, using the Robin Hood story to depict the birth pangs of liberty. They ground the film in the details of medieval life.
In one unfortunate regard, Ridley Scott's grimy Robin Hood lives up to the actions of its legendary character: It, too, robs -- but just from richer movies.
A rousing, thrilling epic that never forgets there should be interesting characters involved in all those banquets and battles and feuds.
Pretty much ill-conceived from the ground up but saved by a couple of strong performances and a wealth of well-researched period detail. Not the most elegant defense, but like the movie, it'll do.
Scott's films are all starting to bleed together. While I respect and appreciate his creative predilections, I confess I am tiring of his oeuvre. It has become worn out and familiar. Each film is something of a copy of the last.
In a partial attempt to relive the glory of "Gladiator" (2000), director Scott and star Russell Crowe reunite for another go at the period action-adventure with this reboot of the tale of Robin "the Hood" and his "merrier" men.
The epitome of what's wrong with Hollywood's modern prequel mania - it tells no story, offers no new insight into the characters and is all about putting everybody into the positions you'd rather have seen them at in the beginning.
The film is 140 minutes long, and it ends at the part where things are just starting to get interesting. The story that comes after this one -- that sounds fun! But not this one.
if you go into Robin Hood not knowing the title - and if you don't pay close attention to a couple of the characters' names - it's possible to not even realize this is a Robin Hood movie.
This latest rehash of Robin Hood is a prime example of what happens when big stars lose respect for the audience.
Robin Hood, an inherently useless look at the origin of the folklore hero, drains the character of all significance.
While the performances are good - overall Robin Hood is overly long and doesn't tell the story you'll want to see.
Parental Content Review (all the details you need to know)
In a motion picture buried by its own lifeless, meandering self-importance, the viewer looks at the screen, takes it all in, and questions every step of the way why he or she should care whatsoever about any of it.
The film gets notably dumber as it continues, culminating in a final battle overstuffed with unlikely and ill-conceived moments shot in overwrought slow-motion close-up.
From the get-go, this is a completely fresh take on a familiar tale -- so fresh, in fact, the story feels completely unfamiliar.
The script itself has a sense of struggle behind it, with too many story lines and too little resolution.
None of it comes together, and none of it makes you root for a second go-round in which, presumably, our hero would get on with the robbing-of-the-rich-and-giving-to-the-poor for which he's celebrated.
Robin Hood is head and shoulders above the sort of lightheaded epics Hollywood typically offers during the summer season.
If this truly is Ridley Scott's preferred cut, he has proven unable to justify the existence of yet another Robin Hood film.
What this Robin Hood lacks in fun it makes up for in epic sweep.
Despite its abundant flaws and historical howlers and generally dimwitted tone, Robin Hood is a surprisingly enjoyable work of popcorn cinema, if you're willing to take it on its own terms.
prestige epic lost without an awards season.
Taking a page from so many comic book adaptations of late, the movie basically serves as an origin story/prequel to the Robin Hood who challenges corruption. This is essentially his walkabout.
The film recasts the classic tale as a super-serious, social-realist tract about feudalism, tyranny, murky photography and how horrid those French were.
If the word "prequel" means that there's a sequel, I'm looking forward to it.
The filmmakers have destroyed its magic. And worse, they have taken away the joy.
It's an ersatz epic about men in fights -- grim fights, grinding battles, clanking combats that are repetitive and, in a movie that runs 140 minutes, all but endless.
Scott's films are usually high on technical polish but iffy in terms of emotional engagement. This one scores on all counts.
Director Ridley Scott continues his exploration of tyranny and religious war mongering with his entirely new take on Robin Hood, one which places the character in historical context to develop the roots of the legend.
A torpid action movie about land reform with the exhausted quality of material so thin you can see right through it.
Robin Hood boasts graphic battle scenes and ingenious intrigue, a sense of history that may not be accurate but feels authentic, and a love story that smartly plays with gender and Hollywood stereotypes.
A sober, impressively staged period drama and battle epic.
A rather pointless update of the (theoretically) timeless tale. Ridley Scott and Russell Crowe's latest pairing is not without its pleasures, but fails to deliver the action you might expect.
I'd rather watch the Kevin Costner version a hundred times before enduring another viewing of this plodding, pointless medieval monstrosity.
This Robin Hood misses its mark. In fact, he dramatically overshoots the target.
A rousing and well-acted screen interpretation of the backstory of Robin Hood before he became a heroic outlaw and champion of the poor.
It doesn't breathe new life into a genre as did Gladiator, Scott's first pairing with Russell Crowe, but it's a brawny reimagining of a beloved old myth, a period popcorn movie turned out with professionalism and gusto.
While Scott is one of the few directors who could field-marshal this sort of spectacle and still deliver a coherent film, simply ending up with a fitfully engaging behemoth of a movie isn't accomplishment enough.
I'm just so sick of this. This grim, joyless, faux-realist medieval world … movies in this King Arthur / Kingdom of Heaven mold that seem almost entirely lacking in sympathy and affection for their hero's world.
[Ridley] Scott has created another masterful period piece of the highest caliber, one that gets your adrenaline pumping as it draws you into its story.
The endless plot twists may be perplexing, but they work to make the movie feel eventful and involving: after 140 minutes, audiences will feel like they've been somewhere, lived through something.
Robin Hood isn't a bad movie. But it is a frustrating, deeply flawed and wholly unnecessary one.
For all its flaws, this is an entertaining romp which deserves to be seen on the big screen.
Scott delivers on spectacle, but our hero is more Mr Nice Guy than Maximus Meridius. He lacks real purpose and the film ends up being a jolly ramble through medieval times.
Sturdy and taut, but inches shy of rousing
Apparently grim and gritty makeovers of iconic heroes aren't just for comic-book movies anymore. England's legendary bandit and his merry men acquire a somber new origin in Ridley Scott's ambitious but turgid historical epic.
Mistaking cinematic conventions for realism, Scott and Crowe suck the personality out of the character, transforming him into a dry, humorless sod.
A lot of care went into crafting the handsome production but not enough into making the handsome hero come alive.
If 200 arrows fly through the woods, do they make a sound?
How can it be that my geeky little heart has been ripped from my chest and my geeky little soul crushed underfoot like so much spilled popcorn on the floor of the multiplex?
Perhaps the worst, and most shameless, aspect of this tedious affair is that it's essentially a prequel for the Robin Hood better known for his redistribution of wealth.
Robin Hood turns out to be, despite impressive battle scenes and countless horses, an actor's showcase.
Saving Private Robin!
A slightly soggy popcorn adventure. Far from being a Robin for the ages, it's a retelling you'll hardly care about while you're watching it and barely remember after the lights come up.
There is no denying that Scott and Crowe work well together.
Thanks to understated acting by Crowe and Blanchett, and despite a rather tired storyline --- "Robin Hood" is worth seeing on the big screen.
If Ridley Scott's aim was to bewilder, then Robin Hood must be counted a storming success. From the opening scene, we are offered little idea of who is doing what to whom. As for why: forget it.
In their efforts to do something new and different with the Robin Hood character, Scott and his merry band of filmmakers have robbed him of everything that made him great.
To tell a tale, of epic scale, with Ridley Scott again. And if you should moan, he'll beat you with a phone. Russell Crowe. Russell Crowe. Russell Crooowe.
So unrelievedly slow and solemn throughout that it feels more like an exceptionally rigid museum tour than the full-blooded adventure that it should be.
Scott's film has tremendous strengths -- fine battle scenes, a strongly realised interpretation of events and a commanding lead performance -- but the weak spots diminish the overall effect, leaving it a valiant try rather than an unqualified success.
The short story by Dorothy M. Johnson should have so reminded them that 'when the legend becomes fact, print the legend.' Not the other way around.
It doesn't frolic like Flynn, delight like Disney, or careen like Costner, but this rewiring of the Robin Hood fable splatters around the muck agreeably, hitting soaring points of romance, villainy, and daredevil archery.
Despite a heavyweight back story that would break the spine of most action crowd-pleasers, Scott's sure-handed way with a narrative means that the action never lets up, culminating in a spectacular medieval D-Day landings setpiece.
It's like an episode of 24 with furrier overcoats.
Robin Hood achieves something you never would have thought possible: it makes you nostalgic for Kevin Costner and Bryan Adams.
I liked it. It's on a par with Scott's American Gangster: No revelations, but a satisfying, large-scale genre movie, toned up by its cast.
A pointless, uninspired rehash, it begs contemporary relevance by making what might be half-hearted gestures at Tea Party discontent with repeated bromides condemning taxation and demanding the right to bear arrows and poach the king's deer.
A joyless, character-driven, medieval history lesson with an inordinate amount of realistic, graphic violence.
Robin Hood is a high-tech and well made violent action picture using the name of Robin Hood for no better reason than that it's an established brand not protected by copyright.
This isn't your father's Robin Hood, and won't be your son's, either.
Presents all the appropriately leafy sets and sharp blades but delivers little heft to legendary characters.
...the filmmakers laudably avoid a mere regurgitation of the traditional version...but there's a real down-side to this as well: i.e., the film ends just when the fun usually starts.
Simultaneously simplistic and over-plotted, revisionist and predictable...
In director Ridley Scott's take [of Robin Hood], what was green is now grey, lively now lethargic and merry now miserable.
...something of a misstep that sometimes borders on terrific yet mostly meanders in and out of just okay in Sherwood Forest.
Rarely has the story of an outlaw of the people been so uninspiring.
Considering the effective Dark Knight ending, [Robin Hood is] the type of movie you'll go see and, if someone later at Applebee's asks you if they should go, you'll shrug and say "sure."
Stars with the talent of Russell Crowe and Cate Blanchett diminish their stature by appearing in unchallenging roles like these and mediocre pictures like this. I wasn't expecting much and I was disappointed.
I'm all for a new take on an old story. But Scott and his screenwriter, Brian Helgeland, work so mightily to turn Robin   into a stolidly noble, pre-notorious version of himself that they forget to make him at all magical. Rousing. A hero of the gle
It's as if you were watching a movie about the 13 years Jesus spent doing god-knows-what, and it ended just before he started that whole preaching career.
The world probably didn't need another version of this famous tale, even though it arrives with outstanding production values and an impeccable pedigree.
Is there a less promising director-actor team at work today than Ridley Scott and Russell Crowe? I guess Tyler Perry and Tyler Perry, but that's about it.
The swash buckles under the weight of heavy verbiage in Robin Hood, Ridley Scott's well-intended but weakly executed retelling of the ancient woodland hero legend.
It's leagues better than the 1991 Kevin Costner fiasco and thankfully devoid of a Bryan Adams song. But that's not good enough, given the talent in front of and behind the camera.
It's a little too obvious and ham-handed in places to be a really good movie, but any film that lasts two hours and 20 minutes without seeming like a long, hard slog can't be all bad.
A dark and brawny version of the Robin Hood legend that anchors itself in English history and loses some of the merriment in the process.
Think you know all about the legend of Robin Hood? Ridley Scott wants to fill you in on every bloody detail.
The villains here chart new territory in one-dimensionality, the essential storyline is bereft of surprise and the picture ends where most Robin Hood tales -- sensibly, as it turns out -- begin.
Surprisingly convoluted for a film that is at its finest when delivering visceral wham-bam battle sequences.
Little more than a generic medieval actioner.
Shouting its way into theaters like a medieval music video, this outlaws and inlaws prequel features the usual period village pillaging of feudal pub party animals, no-nonsense feminist peasant Blanchett, and a single fleeting Crowe/Cate PG kiss.
Robin Hood is good rather than great, ultimately falling victim to its own self-seriousness despite flashes of genuine excitement.
This is watchable enough but it never feels like a proper Robin Hood movie -- we'll have to wait for the sequel for that.
Fake beauty and fake history rob Robin Hood of previous moral value. It's no longer "legendary" because Scott and Helgeland's sham realism trivializes history.
In part shaken off the shackles of rumoured script problems to provide an experience that remains entertaining despite some rigidly formulaic filmmaking.
La recomendación es simple: salgan disparados (como flecha del arco) hacia las salas. Es momento de ver el nacimiento de la leyenda de Robin Hood en una versión que jamás se ha visto.
Robin Hood is a bland film and by trying to appear so respectable it has lost most of the charm of the original folklore.
The cast, production and costumes are terrific. The story is so muddled and lousy it stains Gladiator. Crowe was right to fight %u2013 as rumored - with Scott. Crowe looks great.
A visually appealing blockbuster but one which mangles history and legend alike.
The directorial choices are, for the most part, so lazy, the blockbuster engineering so blatant, that Robin Hood often falls into self-parody.
What saves the movie, which is quite flawed but still Scott's best in nearly a decade, is its majestic feel for the English landscape.
The problem with Russell Crowe's new take on the legend is that it has one muddy boot in history and the other in fantasy. The middling result is far from a bull's-eye.
This is strong stuff.
This is a cracking good yarn, and you shouldn't miss it. It lifted my spirits in these troubling times, and should do the same for yours.
Entertaining but too complicated for its own good, this Robin Hood will doubtlessly make off with some good box office, but is unlikely to steal your heart.
... in an age of endless prequels adding backstory no one ever asked for, the only thing this Robin Hood is stealing is the audience's time.
Ridley Scott and screenwriter Brian Helgeland have given the Tea Party another thing to rail against.
It's as if what Scott really wanted to do was make a movie about the signing of the Magna Carta, then got cold feet.
Robin Hood merely dots the lines in a tale that, despite wanting to add new dimensions to a worn character, and perhaps kick-start a franchise, still feels like a retread.
While it's true that this Robin Hood is unlike any you've seen before, it's also one that you may not want to see again.
The entire cast is superb.
Grown-up but not too serious; action-packed but not juvenile.
Russell Crowe and Cate Blanchett make a great pair of heroes.
As a panel in the output of versatile helmer Scott, this prequel is detail-oriented but it's too serious, grim and verbose, posited between Kingdom of Heaven (a flop) and Gladiator, which while not great, offered pleasures that the new picture denies.
Scott has an eye -- and it's a very good one -- for sieges of castles, charging horsemen, hand-to-hand combat, glistening swords arcing through the air and deadly arrows whistling toward helpless targets.
This physically imposing picture brings abundant political-historical dimensions to its epic canvas, yet often seems devoted to stifling whatever pleasure audiences may have derived from the popular legend.
The attention to detail is extraordinary, from the dialogue and the storyline to the myriad elements in production design, as the filmmakers create a convincing, raw, unjust and dangerous world - England as it might have been almost 1,000 years ago
Scale, spectacle and heart make Ridley Scott's Robin Hood a heart-pumping and satisfying tale, with Russell Crowe etching his initials on Robin's bow as surely as he left them on Maximus' sword in Gladiator


@highlight

Ridley Scott's revisionist take on this oft-told tale offers some fine acting and a few gripping action sequences, but it's missing the thrill of adventure that made Robin Hood a legend in the first place.