As a portrait of one man's all-consuming persistence alone, it's astonishing.
[Tim] Jenison's perseverance and singular vision keep the film engaging.
But the doc is worth a look for Jenison himself-a calm, engaging presence whose success you root for-and for its back half, which shows the process he goes through to recreate the setting of Vermeer's The Music Lesson.
Tim's Vermeer refers not just to the replica Vermeer he seeks to paint, but to his understanding of who Vermeer was and how he accomplished his work.
Perhaps the ultimate take-away from Tim's Vermeer is the unquenchable curiosity of certain people, albeit those with the money to finance that inquisitiveness, to get to the bottom of history's mysteries. In that respect, Jenison is an artist.
The lengths to which Jenison goes to ensure he is working with the same tools, limitations and liberties that were available to Vermeer are nothing short of gobsmacking.
What it turns out to actually be about is Tim Jenison, and what it means to be a member of the new (techno) rich in the United States of the 21st Century.
Tim's Vermeer is both enjoyable as entertainment and as an intelligently mounted case study of how art and technology complement, rather than grind against, each other. As Penn eloquently puts it: "The problem is we make that distinction."
A lively, intriguing look at the line between artist and inventor, one that challenges the very notion that the distinction should be made at all.
A masterpiece of documentary filmmaking
I can easily say that this film is more engaging than any action film I've seen of late, which is quite a remarkable achievement.
A wry, entertaining and very impressive study of a groundbreaking adventure in amateur art history
What emerges from this delightful, brief documentary doesn't debunk Vermeer's genius, but certifies it.
It accomplishes exactly what it sets out to do - nothing more, nothing less.
Jenison's compulsiveness and ingeniousness are interesting, and his research may prove to have some art-scholarship value, but another impresson is that spending 180 days to reproduce 'The Music Lesson' is a colossal waste of time.
Jenison projects humility, but he can barely hide his need to be perceived as the smartest kid in the room. In the end, the film leans harder towards vanity project than earth-shattering documentary
The crossroads between technology and art has always been troublesome. Without either, we might not have some of the art world's greatest treasures. Certainly without digital video, we wouldn't have this wonderfully entertaining movie either.
It's obvious in hindsight why Penn and Teller would be so drawn to this ethereally beautiful mystery: Their passion for all things seemingly magical, often mechanical, and always amazing is practically their trademark.
One can't help but lament that Jenison is missing the heart of the art -- he SEES but he doesn't FEEL.
Despite the exhausting quest taken up by the documentary's hero, the film doesn't register as inspirational.
It's a sophisticated treatise on the intersection between creativity and technology, presented with all the offhand charm of a great tale told over a round of beers.
Combining enough of the characteristic wiseassery of Penn & Teller with a dose of scholarly research on an age-old art-world mystery, it is at once entertaining and edifying.
The documentary, like the project itself, is an indulgent vanity project: friends making a film about a friend.
Even when Jenison's process becomes a little tedious, the movie makes sure to remind us that tedium is often an essential part of how art is created.
It's hardly surprising that a movie made by Penn and Teller would feature a mind-bending stunt. What you're less likely to expect is that it's a 17th-century Dutch masterpiece that's pulled out of a hat.
Let's just say it gives you an appreciation for Vermeer, optical device or not, as well as for Jenison, who stuck with the project for five full years.
Hockney and other experts get involved, there's brief consideration of the nature of art but what really makes it work is Tim himself, he's a great subject.
Speculative documentary might explain Vermeer's technique, if not his eye
"Tim's Vermeer" is about many things - art history, technology, painting technique, beauty - but ultimately it's a beguiling study of fascination.
We should never forget that Penn and Teller are professional bamboozlers, and their attempt to re-frame the definition of genius might be nothing but smoke and mirrors.
Earns its keep by being informative and briskly entertaining. It helps that the likeably wry Jenison is such an interesting character in his own right, a true Renaissance man...
This fascinating intellectual detective story made by illusionists and skeptics Penn and Teller blurs the lines between technology and art.
Let the art experts argue about the validity of the main premise, the movie from Penn and Teller is engaging and entertaining.
Shot on grainy video, with some indifferent sound, Tim's Vermeer is an amusing study of obsession in action.
Unexpectedly dazzling.
Tim's Vermeer is film as forensics, bringing math and science to bear to solve an art-world mystery.
An irresistibly engaging documentary that might be described as a lab experiment in art history presented with Las Vegas-style showmanship.
"Tim's Vermeer" is a movie for people who like to think, who like to ponder the big questions surrounding art and the act of creation.
It honors the labor of an artist as well as the inspiration that can't be copied even in an age of mechanical reproduction.
Just crazy enough to make us smile, for exactly eighty minutes.
The beauty of the picture is its tale of obsession by a man determined to convince himself his theory is true.
Odd, you may think, that a Penn & Teller film seems so bent on revealing a great magician's secrets, but their evident appreciation of Vermeer, and of Jenison for that matter, only affirms the revelatory power of pure curiosity.
A fascinating art lesson.
Mostly it is fascinating and compelling.
You don't even need to care about art to be entertained by this clever, swift documentary.
The resulting film is a geek's dream and a great documentary crossover, touching on art, history, technology, science, optics and even construction techniques as Jenison labours over his replica of Vermeer's studio.
You might think that following this insanely ambitious DIY project would be like watching paint dry. Wrong.
Some movies are great because of their artistry; "Tim's Vermeer" achieves greatness - OK, semi-greatness - by placing the act of artistic creation itself under a microscope.
Fine art and technology combine in this fascinating documentary about how an obsessive amateur was able to recreate an astonishingly precise replica of a Dutch masterpiece.
The documentary Tim's Vermeer chronicles one man's obsession. Sheer, unbridled, unstoppable obsession, no different from in Werner Herzog's 1982 classic Fitzcarraldo.
"Tim's Vermeer" makes a convincing case that Vermeer could have painted the way Jenison says he did. It also makes a pretty powerful ancillary point: that some people are both geniuses and geeks.
"Tim's Vermeer" is a diverting 80-minute account of one man's mission to explore the Vermeer optics theory in detail.
Can a movie be both fascinating and extremely boring?
When you see how meticulously Tim duplicated the artist's painting - compare his with the original - you realize that this is an incredible adventure.
As mechanical as the procedure it depicts.
Tim's Vermeer is a highly entertaining, provocative film about an amazing experiment, and it's straightforward in its presentation and aims, throwing no curveballs.
An improbable subject has inspired a unique documentary which comes with an unusual pedigree: it was produced by those inventive magicians Penn and Teller, and directed by Teller.
Downright fascinating, a must for anyone interested in art, science or just a good mystery story.
The conclusion is jaw dropping, the feat remarkable.
Suspenseful and fascinating. It deserves to become a sleeper hit.
... creates a fascinating window to the past and offers an intriguing look at the relationship between art and technology.
Jenison's obsession is the basis for a playful,entertaining film. I wasn't convinced for a millisecond by his wackadoodle theory, but I enjoyed every minute of Tim's Vermeer.
Art purists can relax since [inventor Tim] Jenison, a video wiz with little talent for painting, never really challenges Vermeer's genius for conception and composition. Technology is the thing at issue here.
The movie is straightforward, brisk, engaging, and sometimes even moving.
Are the great paintings of the Renaissance really all that great, or is their magic an illusion? Could the illusion be part of their greatness?
Teller, the quiet half of the iconoclastic magic act Penn and Teller, crafts a captivating documentary portrait of the artist as a tinkerer.
Shooting in unattractive, hard-edge digital, Teller condenses Mr. Jenison's years-long pursuit into 80 glib, alternately diverting, exasperating and tedious minutes.
A fascinating documentary that poses a compelling aesthetic query: did 17th-century Dutch painter Johannes Vermeer use optical devices to achieve his gorgeously photo-realistic, light-filled artwork?
"Tim's Vermeer," a fascinating documentary by the comic magicians Penn & Teller, has a way of arousing passionate feelings while provoking fresh ideas about the porous border between technology and art.
Vermeer isn't an uplifting experience per se, but a reflective and profound one that should have viewers thinking outside the box.
Like a cinematic magic trick, one that unveils itself over the course of roughly 90 minutes.
The film - an ode to craftsmanship - establishes without a doubt that many of the traits we reserve for other fields - dedication, ingenuity - are also inherent to the artistic process. Ta-da.
A captivating look at a high-tech inventor who presumes to replicate the work of a great painter.
Fascinating. Bull$#!+? Maybe. It lacks the one thing Penn & Teller are supposed to be famous for -- skepticism.
A collision of art and science that is thought-provoking, breathtaking, and wildly inspiring.
A doc that is even more interested in the nature of a modern man's obsession than in the paintings of Johannes Vermeer.
The results are astonishing - so much so that you begin to wonder whether this Penn and Teller project isn't in fact an elaborate hoax, a brilliantly constructed illusion.
When Penn & Teller turn their hand to documentary filmmaking, we know it's going to be something playful.
An important doc that quietly slips out of mind but that will always be an impressive achievement.
A bizarre, moving and witty how-dunnit that makes you look twice at the work of Johannes Vermeer.
Overall, this is fascinating stuff.
This witty and stimulating exercise, the brainchild of stage-magician maestros Penn and Teller, plays a game of speculation with tools and techniques that may have been available to the Dutch Master.
Here is an entertaining and entirely watchable documentary that sets out to prove that any old brush-swinging amateur can paint as brilliantly as the 17th-century Dutch master.
Engaging and fascinating documentary that raises some challenging questions about the nature of art and serves as a remarkable portrait of obsession, while casting Vermeer's original technique in an intriguing new light.
At once great fun and completely, elaborately pointless.
Both a movie portrait of dedicated obsession and a documentary that poses interesting questions about whether using technology devalues art.
Jillette's ebullient on-screen presence goes some way towards energising a movie in which we are asked to watch paint dry.
An exquisitely fun documentary that hits on a profound aesthetic question, one first posed in 2001 by David Hockney: Did the 17th-century Dutch painter Johannes Vermeer use optical devices to achieve his visual poetics of light?
Like a combination of the Penn & Teller: Bulls***! TV series and an extended episode of MythBusters as presented by an alternate History Channel comes Tim's Vermeer - a truly fascinating documentary.
It chronicles the quest of a self-described "geek," and there are pleasurable frissons of discovery in the detective work.
A fascinating new documentary about art, obsessions, ideas and answers.
The viewer will watch paint dry and like it.
It's a film about the process of creativity, one that shows just how closely art and science are often intertwined.
[A] highly entertaining documentary ...
As with many good film, it's the destination, not the outcome, that matters, and 'Tim's Vermeer' has the spacious room to allow one to get lost in one man's impressively herculean busy work.
The movie's painstaking attention to detail certainly puts you in mind of Vermeer's own, but even halfway through its short length it's easy to get restless.
Do we even want to see a movie arguing that the work of one of the greatest artists of all time could be re-created by a dude with some mirrors and no actual ability to paint? I'm not sure. But Tim's Vermeer has more on its mind than that.
What Tim's Vermeer is really about is two geniuses, of very different sorts, communing across time and space.
The process of putting those three-dimensional objects on canvas in natural light is so fascinating that no one's going to make jokes about watching paint dry - though at one point the film is literally about watching paint dry. And then applying varnish.
A deft and fascinating documentary about art, technology, and the creative spirit.
An original and endearing documentary from Penn & Teller asks the question: How did he do that?
The result is cool and semi-comical, but also serious.
Tim's finished Vermeer may resemble the real thing, but Tim's Vermeer never tackles the true mystery of why the latter is actually incomparable.
The charm of the whole enterprise wears off even before this movie's trim 80 minutes are up.
It's sure to please inquiring minds of both left- and right-brained nature.
...often much more engrossing and informative than expected.
The result astonishes. A fascinating, funny and inspiring story.
Even at a fleet 79 minutes, feels a little long. For a while, though, Tim's Vermeer paints a compelling picture of inventor (fellow illusionist and 3-D designer) Tim Jenison as he indulges his peculiar obsession.
An unexpectedly funny and entertaining story, an engaging main character to follow, explores a seemingly dry subject with pizzazz and pop.
The most fun you'll have watching paint dry all year.
The film could even crack the Best Documentary Feature category come Oscar time, because it definitely elicits a response. It's an unassuming work that says that, for all our faults, humanity can achieve wonders.
The resulting film is a comic delight that marvels at the intersections between art and science, painting and cinema, and illusionists and documentarians.
It's a cool hypothesis, catnip for art-history buffs, but it can't quite sustain feature length.
Whether or not Jenison becomes an artist in the process of his quest, there's no doubting that his commitment to creating art is a creative end unto itself.
Penn and Teller's uncanny crowdpleaser begs the question, is it still a masterpiece if an amateur could do it?
We rip away the veils of prejudice and expectation, and are left with something that at first seems like a mere "trick", but is quite simply a feat of great imagination and scientific thinking.

@highlight

Entertaining and profound in equal measure, Tim's Vermeer uses its seemingly esoteric subject to pose fascinating questions about art and obsession.