The beauty, and occasional lumpiness, of Parker's vision grows out of the fact that this is a film brimming with grim-visaged vigor.
Cinematically and thematically, it's lazy and depends too heavily on intense violence to drive the point home.
... [director Nate] Parker disdains the importance of his historical context to tell an easily digestible story of revenge... [Full review in Spanish]
Birth insightfully illustrates some of the most difficult elements of Christian theology.
The final moments of the film will be seared into your brain forever
Parker's film depicts an important event in American history through the eyes of an amateur passing a test in Film Production 101.
Parker writes, directs and stars in a film that initially seems mired in the familiar cliches of the Deep South, but gains real power as its violent, unpalatable story builds to its Braveheart-style climax.
It's very strange to watch painful verities staged in a way that diminishes their power under the guise of amplifying it. This is a film about deep-seated systems of oppression that feels tonally like a superhero origin myth.
Although the story of Nat Turner's slave rebellion in Virginia is a formidable one worth telling, it probably could have been told better than presented by Nate Parker's version.
I wish this Nation had been borne rooted in the complex truth that even heroes experience dark nights of the soul.
On balance, in a powerful, rousing film, The Birth of a Nation tells an important story, one too often ignored in history.
What we have here is a deeply flawed but frequently rewarding picture, with a lot to say about how stories can both guide and misguide us.
Parker rarely overplays his hand, displaying a narrative and visual restraint that enhances the story's mythological elements without manipulating its viewers.
As art, its message is timely, its harsh images necessary, and its emotion undeniable.
Arriving amid a swirl of controversy, rumors and standing ovations at the Sundance Film Festival, The Birth of a Nation is a powerhouse of a picture.
The Birth of a Nation isn't an easy story to watch, but it's one that absolutely demands to be told.
[It] can be read on many levels and is bound to spark conversations and maybe controversy, and I think it should. Any piece of art worth the blood, sweat and tears that went into making it deserves to become the matter of public and private discourse.
Nate Parker might well be the next big thing... if he's ever given the chance to work in Hollywood again.
Jam-packed with debatable arguments, themes, and imagery, The Birth Of A Nation is sure to stir up an emotion - but in an overloaded fashion.
A revenge maybe just, but unidirectional, in the form of a movie. [Full review in Spanish]
Dramatically shocking, it resorts to a bloody hyperrealism that can be understood as documentary rigor but also as an effective and simplistic manipulative mechanism. [Full review in Spanish]
A movie made of patches, fragments of other films about southern black slaves, cruel torture scenes, endless humiliations, outraged adolescents and animalized children. [Full review in Spanish]
If you can manage it, you will see that the film is rich with thought-provoking imagery.
...the film's searing true-life origins could (and should) have paved the way for a electrifying, engrossing piece of work.
... an ambitious, multilayered epic - as important in its way as '12 Years a Slave' ... Parker's Nat Turner, no Sunday school martyr, thirsts as much for bloody retribution as freedom.
This isn't a particularly compelling or well-made film. It's very much the work of an ambitious beginner, corny in some places, pretentious in others.
For its weaknesses, Birth of a Nation is an important corrective, necessary since such serious nonsense is still talked about slavery more than 150 years since it ended.
Birth of a Nation wants to reinforce while the historically displaced and disenfranchised have hate tattooed on their very bones. Black voices telling black stories is essential.
Soapbox didacticism and complex drama can never coexist.
The movie is a righteously angry but conventionally dramatised historical saga.
It's so very easy to look at this history and wish for so much more than we've gotten here.
Standing alone, however, The Birth of a Nation is an important re-purposing of a historically racist precedent, a film which challenges previously established and damaging modes of racial representation.
Manipulative but engaging.
Can you separate the art from the artist? The truth is, the only reason this film doesn't deserve film awards recognition is that it just doesn't quite deliver on its own promise.
There is some fascinating history here and Parker clearly has talent to burn but Birth Of A Nation is unexpectedly boring.
There are powerful scenes and strong emotional connections but while as relentless as Steve McQueen's 12 Years a Slave, Parker's film is not its equal in other respects.
This is a square, conventional portrait, not befitting of a revolution or a revolutionary.
It is a powerful and at times moving chronicle of real-life events in the antebellum South, slightly undermined by its own righteousness.
Barely a film at all but a pageant.
A workmanlike account...but a story that deserves better.
Parker's decision to use the tropes of the Hollywood historical epic is a political statement in itself, one made more pointed by the title's bold repudiation of DW Griffith's cinematically ground-breaking, horrifyingly racist 1915 epic of the same name.
The film is superbly directed, with dim lighting and dark tones illustrating the drudgery of the characters' everyday lives.
Sentimental in places, Birth Of A Nation seems a little too fond of sadistic violence and suffering and works too hard to establish Turner as a messiah figure. But it has some powerful, striking moments.
Parker's directorial approach ... has the overconfidence that smacks of underconfidence, in terms of finding the right way to tell this story.
Some of the themes feel a little pushy, but the film has real power.
This is a film that moves with a careful, self-conscious tread.
What makes [Parker's] film so provocative and so troubling is its absolute refusal to provide its audience with a consolatory ending.
The more you think about it, the quicker it falls to pieces.
An impressive directorial debut - and acting turn - from Parker that deserves to be seen, despite the PR firestorm.
An unapologetic, impassioned biopic, The Birth Of A Nation begins quietly but ends in a howl of rage. It might not be perfect, but it's powerful enough to stay with you.
This film is effectively written and directed by Nate Parker. The acting is uniformly strong by a talented cast. It gives us a good look into an event in history that should be remembered.
The Birth Of A Nation is a missed opportunity.
Parker is best at nurturing a simmering tension throughout the narrative, where the safety of Turner and his family is ever-precarious.
Not a work of great artistic merit.
A remarkable episode in American history receives conventional 'quality' treatment.
The movie tries to resignify its classic title, but lacks the force to accomplish it. [Full review in Portuguese.]
Ensemble acting is rarely this flawless.
Nate Parker's ambitious telling of Nat Turner's 1831 slave revolt is a timely movie; it's also a missed opportunity, a tepid tale hamstrung by Parker's limited experience and the constraints of biopic filmmaking.
This drably lit attempt to address the systemic racism that has ruled America since the first African slaves were brought over comes across as amateurishly melancholic, if appropriately violent, melodramatic pap.
Just terrible.
It's a highly audacious and admirable project, but not a very skillfully made movie (Splice Today)
Gut-wrenchingly powerful, not least through its chilling and upsetting climax.
By the midway point, there are reminders that this is the work of a first-time director making a small-scale epic.
Before I saw Nate Parker's Birth of a Nation, I wrongly believed that he might do something worthwhile, because of his seemingly brilliant revisionist use of that title. But now I give up.
Despite the occasional flaw in its execution, this is a powerfully moving film that feels especially timely.
Parker's film is at its best when he presents his harrowing story straightforwardly.
An important subject pre-digested and trivialised with a formulaic, vanity-project idea of seriousness.
Disappointing film does not live up to its Sundance reputation and plods along until effective final scenes, but by then it is too little and too late in a movie that looks like it would be better on television on History.
It remains a spiritual, violent and significant telling of preacher Nat Turner's Virginia-based slave rebellion.
As a directorial debut, it is a bold, assured film-not flawless, by any means, but impassioned and genuine in all the right ways, delving into a heady stew of faith and violence that is, in the end, irreconcilable.
Nation is an impressive movie, emotionally raw, occasionally overwhelming and also occasionally disconcerting.
I kept looking at my watch, even though the film is just over two hours long.
This is vivid and unsettling film-making.
The Birth of a Nation is the only film this year you cannot afford to ignore.
Reflecting its conventional storytelling, The Birth of a Nation relies heavily on Civil War-era stereotypes and stock characters, limiting its cast to little to no nuance in their roles.
By draining its historical figure of any authentic humanity and turning him into a mythical icon instead, The Birth of a Nation leaves audiences wondering about the deeper, richer and more challenging film it could have been.
This is dynamic filmmaking whose story finds modern resonance in the Black Lives Matter movement, showing how important it is that tales like this continue to be told.
... A fiery, powerful debut picture by writer-director-producer-star Nate Parker.
The Birth of a Nation is a stirring piece of revisionist history that marks an auspicious directorial debut.
"The Birth Of A Nation" might well be a milestone of indie cinema; one that, on its own merits, is deserving of any awards attention that comes its way.
A portrait of Nat Turner as a slave who believes he has been chosen by a wrathful God to avenge his people by killing their enemies.
Sadly, Nate Parker's The Birth of a Nation strikes a wildly uneven tone, in a beautiful, but confused, first film.
The Birth of a Nation is a harrowing, human testament.
It is a righteous, religious film that almost bludgeons audiences with its powerful message, and is the product of the one-man-band of Nate Parker, who wrote, directed and plays the lead.
Such focus on Nat Turner's experience at the expense of others creates a set of common representational problems, not least being the use of women's bodies to drive yet another man's plot.
As a historical lesson, Birth of a Nation offers no teachable moments beyond being a cautionary tale about what happens when a group of people, who continue to face daily injustices, reach a boiling point.
A seriously damaged and inadequate movie ... its defects reveal traits of character-arrogance, vanity, and self-importance-that exert an unfortunately strong influence on Parker's directorial choices.
"Birth" is disjointed, rambling and devoid of much originality, a sort of "12 Years a Slave" meets "Braveheart." But there's never any doubt that it flows from Parker's impassioned heart.
Whatever one thinks of the messenger, the delivered movie is worthy of attention. It's a film for the here and now, a document that nicely supports the BlackLivesMatter movement (and throws shade on the AllLivesMatter nonsense).
It's decent, but as a look back at a pivotal moment in race relations in our country, it just didn't feel as powerful to me as it could and should have. (Full Content Review for Parents - Violence, Sexual Content, Nudity, etc. - Available)
The Birth of a Nation is not a great movie. Ironically, this story about a rebel slave... is a collection of every Hollywood cliché roped and gagged in the service of a subversive story. In fact, it suffers from the very same syndrome as its central hero.
It's a beautiful film about an ugly time in history.
The Birth of a Nation is a work of passion-fueled filmmaking and messy storytelling that struggles to make the grand statement it aims for.
Haunting. When people have asked me my opinion of "The Birth of a Nation," that is the word I've used most. The story, the images, the history...
The provocative nature of this salute to grassroots activism and examination of systemic racism extends beyond its eye-catching title.
[I]n its point of view and the story it tells, it is worthy addition to the list of movies spotlighting American history.
[Parker] is reaching for something he doesn't quite grasp, falling short of the artfulness of ... "12 Years a Slave."
If you forgive him enough to see it, The Birth of a Nation offers a troubling tangle of the personal and historical. But above all else it's commercial, an entertainment of purpose and some power.
The Birth of a Nation is a solid first directorial effort from Nate Parker, but the presentation of Nat Turner's story falters often enough to keep a good film from being a great and memorable cinematic experience.
The Birth of a Nation is a flawed but fairly compelling chapter of the American story that powerfully resonates with how that story is playing out today.
The agony and desperation of slavery, the sheer magnitude of the total dehumanization that defines it, has been captured in The Birth of a Nation by director, star and writer Nate Parker with stunning force.
If Parker can keep the dialogue flowing and make us all recognize and understand the precarious bindings of the present to our past, then The Birth of a Nation just might be as important as it thinks it is.
Powerful and provocative.
Depicting brutality without turning the viewer away has dogged artists since humans painted mammoth hunts on cave walls....Nate Parker's remarkable film provides a vision of slavery from which we cannot look away...while forcing us to look at ourselves
A penetrating, unflinching look at the horrors of slavery that will forever taint American heritage.
The Birth of a Nation is, at its very worst, a heavy-handed allegory about a great country's vile past. At its very best, it's a thoughtful, sobering and graphic reminder of the cruelty forced upon the ancestors of so many of our fellow Americans.
Hard to imagine a more timely and polarizing moral, social, racial agenda.
The movie should be seen. It manages to involve you, makes a powerful statement and it's a story that needs to be told.
Is The Birth of a Nation a great movie? No. But it's a brutally effective one.
I do have a professional duty to render my opinion on The Birth of a Nation as a work of dramatic art. As such, it's an impressive and confident debut for a first-time filmmaker.
The film's both a look forward and back, with the promise of a unified nation where all are treated equally, regardless of color, to be birthed from the bloody act.
The highly charged arena into which this film about America's bloodiest slave revolt arrives gives it a cachet that, in artistic if not sociological terms, it does not really merit.
What if the way to honor Nat Turner is to pay attention to artists who aren't shackled by the Academy's limited definition of what a black Best Picture winner is allowed to discuss?
In so many ways, the timing for Nate Parker's film about Nat Turner and an event 175 years ago feels so right, and so right now.
The rebellion itself is brutally violent, cathartic, and terrifying. In the end, it becomes clear that this is not one of Tarantino's florid revenge fantasies, but a true story of the men and women who were willing to pay the ultimate price for freedom.
A vital movie, maybe even an important one, Parker's directorial debut is visually impressive, viscerally hypnotic and emotionally complex. It is also not the instant masterpiece it was initially pegged to be.
Stirring, provocative, flawed, bloody slave-revolt story.
I hate reviewing movies about slavery. Writer, director Star Nate Parker has bright future. This is a good movie but it has warts from some slight historical modifications.
'The Birth of a Nation' is a very good, but not great historical drama. But it is unquestionably the most important movie of the year.
Parker struggles to connect these motivations to Turner's ultimate historical strategy.
The Birth of a Nation might be the most faith-friendly movie you'll see all year, although it won't be promoted that way.
At his finest moments as a director, Parker's close-ups are impossible to shake.
...Parker has extended his story into areas of melodrama that recall the sentimental historical epics of Hollywood's golden age.
It makes each viewer a member of the slave community. By the time it's over we wonder not that Nat Turner turned to murderous violence but that it took him so long.
While The Birth of a Nation certainly has a powerful and important story to tell, it is, ultimately, a story told with little depth or artistry or skill.
"The Birth of a Nation" aims for the gut and hits its target. Had it aimed a little higher, it might also have hit the mind, as well.
There's a deliberate mythmaking quality to Parker's reconstruction of the real-life Nat Turner, who was a much more morally complex figure than the righteous avenger Parker writes, directs, and plays him as.
The Birth of a Nation devolved into a totem in the culture wars ... for reasons outside of what's up on the screen: an intermittently powerful yet underwhelming film.
With this talented crew behind him, Parker creates a grand period film that, despite its indie budget, carries the sweep of such epics as "Braveheart" and "Spartacus."
While it's not a perfect movie, it is the perfect film for this precise moment in history. Nation isn't an enjoyable experience, but it's a necessary one.
I initially rated it 8/10 because it is extremely well produced and acted. But then I fact-checked it...Parker inserts too many things that are simply not true and omits the fact that he massacred innocent women and children.
Transcends its storytelling shortcomings because of its palpable sincerity and passion, its force as a searing statement of history and its relevance today.
The story resonates today, both as an important early chapter in the sordid tale of American race relations, and as frightfully good cinematic drama. [Nate Parker] clearly understands the incendiary nature of the story.
A fast-moving, deeply absorbing, and thoroughly exciting directorial debut.
No, the movie can't escape its maelstrom of bad PR, and reviews aren't written in a vacuum either. But lest the point get lost, what Mr. Parker has committed to the screen is a righteously indignant, kinetic and well-acted film.
While the depiction of monstrous cruelty and the battle scenes are highly effective, the film suffers from a lack of nuance.
Despite some over-obvious symbols and heavy-handed soundtrack choices, The Birth of a Nation is a powerful bit of moviemaking about history and the ongoing issue of racial inequality.
The main takeaway of The Birth of a Nation is that Nat Turner's story needs to be told, although it probably could use a different telling than this one.
Rarely has a movie received this much contextual hype and then proved to be so flat on-screen.
It takes some time to get there, but by the third act of The Birth of a Nation, its message is clear: To move forward on the issue of race, we must go back.
The film stands tall on its own merits and deserves to be seen irrespective of the perceived failings of its author.
The Birth of a Nation isn't good enough to make us forget the offscreen context, and that's nobody's fault but Parker's.
"Nation" has some sensational visual ideas and a few strong performances, but it's also a tired "Braveheart" retread with nothing new to say about the Black Experience, often recycling brutality found in better features.
The Birth of a Nation is a moving, angry film that directly ties history to the current atmosphere of the country. With a little more focus, it could have harnessed its blind burst of rage.
It starts strong then takes too long to build to an abbreviated, muddled climax...Parker appears to have lost his nerve as a director at the pivotal moment, the full horror of Turner's rebellion too muted
Parker reaches with both hands for greatness and falls short - but this is nevertheless a solid and strong and valuable piece of work.
It's one of the few important movies to hit cinemas this year.
The real problem is the central character: wearing so many hats at once, Parker fails to communicate the madness and God fever that enabled Turner to mobilize his people in a suicide attack against their captors.
Brutal, violent, unflinching and unrelenting, Nate Parker's The Birth of a Nation -- based on the true-life story of an 1831 slave rebellion -- demands attention from a racially divided America.
Birth of a Nation is a cinematic juggernaut. The cumulative portrait of Turner and its rebellion is immense.
There are images, however, in The Birth of a Nation that are so potent, disturbing, and visually precise that they will be seared into my memory for life. That's no small accomplishment.
The movie just revels in its own carnage that it just merely underwhelms its own purpose. Images of a floating angel upon one's death is as cheesy as anything you can witness in a C-level faith-driven picture on the Hallmark Channel.
Instead of a deep, reflective parable, Parker gives us a midrange History Channel special.
The Birth of a Nation is a film for alert minds, even those that can't - and shouldn't - forget the past and present behaviour of its maker.
The Birth of a Nation is certainly not without its flaws, mainly due to issues in pacing and storytelling, but one has to give credit where it's due, for with a strong cast and a powerful narrative, it's got just enough to make it worth exploring.
A flawed but powerfully affecting film by a flawed but undeniably gifted filmmaker.
While 'The Birth of a Nation' is not without flaws, it is overall a strong, committed piece of work. Also a provocative one.
This is very much a debut feature, a passion project from an enthusiastic director still learning the craft.
Parker's approach is never dull, exactly. But it's never remarkable enough to overwhelm the suspicion that you're not being told a story here so much as being sold a career.
It tells, unquestionably, an important story that needs to be heard.
Often powerful but just as often clumsy and heavy-handed.
An ambitious, intelligent and unsettling film from writer-director-star Parker.
There is a movie here amid the uproar and it's worth attending to: powerful but imperfect, both a dramatization of an overlooked chapter in American history and a clichéd gloss on it.
A measured but devastating movie that haunts the imagination and conscience.
As a filmmaker, Parker balances the humanity within Turner's community of slaves with a matter-of-fact depiction of the physical and psychological horrors of slavery.
"The Birth of a Nation" certainly has the power of conviction, but the grace of art escapes it.
The movie, uneven as it is, has terrific momentum and passages of concentrated visual beauty. The acting is strong even when the script wanders into thickets of rhetoric and mystification.
'The Birth of a Nation' is a fierce and furious depiction of one of the dark periods in American history that most citizens would like to forget and feel uncomfortable about dredging up.
Nation is a big, difficult, still important mess.
In a patient and mature fashion, the film spends most of its two hours telling Turner's life story and helping us understand the man's heart and mind. And that patience pays off ...
It's enough to conclude that The Birth of a Nation feels like the work of a passionate amateur who knows the power of the story he's telling but seems careless about how he tells it.
What you will find is a film that toggles between impressive fury and a kind of made-for-TV blandness that does Nat Turner's 1831 uprising -- still controversial -- no favors.
A conventional Hollywood biopic, punctuated by a fury that sprays raspberry juice all over the camera with enough graphic slash and flash to turn your stomach.
It takes a condition that we have all thought about historically, politically and even dramatically and makes us actually feel it and live it. That's a serious achievement.
Placed under the microscope, "The Birth of a Nation" lacks some originality of thought, but it nonetheless offers the opportunity for necessary discussion.
This may not be the most nuanced of films, but its blunt-force impact leaves one shaken.
Parker's project would be impressive enough as a first feature, but him being its co-writer, producer, director and star pushes it into an amazing achievement.
The Birth of a Nation is a brutal, unflinching look at slavery. In a time when race relations have become the hot button subject in an election year, this film is a timely reminder of a deplorable shared history.
The inconvenient truth about Nate Parker's Nat Turner movie is that it's neither masterpiece nor dog. It's somewhere in the middle, though closer to good.
The film isn't the unqualified stroke of brilliance its Sundance honors might indicate, nor is it the overblown failure its detractors might desire.
The filmmaking has a certain paint-by-numbers frankness that works in some ways, not in others.
Works best when the contours of Nat Turner's era take on sad echoes of our own.
Other films have taken on the blight of slavery, but Nate Parker throws the knockout punch as people are killed "for no reason but being black," a statement that gives Parker's landmark film the heat of a history that's still being written.
It's a complicated movie about a complex man that courts controversy, both intentional and not. If that doesn't make it a great movie, it makes it a necessary one, now more than ever.
The Birth of a Nation is a vibrant, furious piece of work, and the fact that it seems extra-relevant right now should be seen as a failure of our culture, not as a calculated move by Nate Parker or his collaborators.
The Birth of a Nation may be a blend of indie sensibilities and Hollywood imagery, but it works.
Parker put his heart and soul into it, but sometimes the road paved with good intentions doesn't lead to Hell: It stops at mediocrity.
Although not an easy movie to watch, it is a powerful one, and well worth the emotional investment it asks of its audience.
Parker sees the Nat Turner story as righteous wrath, straight, no chaser, not much characterization. Very likely, the real Turner was a more unruly, contradictory and human figure than the icon at the center of things here.
The Birth of a Nation is a fine and promising debut from Parker, who also co-wrote and produced. It also feels very much like a first film, too, unable to reach the lofty artistry that it's striving for.
...rightly rooted in the perspective of the oppressed.
Whether it's Hollywood's classic "Spartacus" or TV's "Uprising," about the Warsaw Ghetto, few things are more thrilling than seeing a people stand up to an injustice.
Unsettlingly, Parker's historical film depicts a tragic uncivil war that bears comparison to our modern racial struggles, and while it's history not to be forgotten, it's also not to be mischaracterized.
Nat Turner's is a story that deserves to be told, but Nate Parker's admirably-graphic telling is light on insight and motivations.
A work this powerful would be impressive for any filmmaker, so the fact that this is Parker's first directorial feature is undoubtedly amazing.
An emotionally-unsettling alternate version of a controversial chapter in America's slave legacy!
I was surprised by how closely it conforms, beat by beat, to the most ruthless Hollywood vigilante template. It's all about insults, emasculation.
... a cauterized reminder of antebellum slavery... taking back African-American history while also stripping D.W. Griffith's movie title of its racist singularity. Justice, of a sort.
In the year of Black Lives Matter, this Sundance-heralded slave-rebellion drama arrives as a raging clarion call.
Nate Parker strains to control the strange and stirring complications of his subject's visionary apocalypticism.
Finally a film about slavery by an American director that is the artistic and political peer to Gillo Pontecorvo's "Burn".
Alternately flat and overwrought, with flashes of brilliance in between, Parker conveys Turner's story like a spiritual elegy for the past.
A rousing look at conditions of ante bellum slavery that led to the most famous bloody resistance movement.
It has value, even if it's simply not good enough to make anyone forget the filmmakers' pre-movie sins.
Parker's dramatization of the 1831 rebellion of Virginia slave Nat Turner is impressively mounted, unimaginatively directed, and dubiously conceived-provocative in title only.
Edgy, effective drama about racism, faith and injustice - yet tainted by the filmmakers' shadow of shame.
It's pretty good! There are places where it rises above the controversy and takes wing under its own power. And there are places where it becomes incredibly difficult to separate the film from the man who made it.
The Birth Of a Nation stands out more for its subject controversy than for its production. [Full review in Spanish]
The Birth of a Nation isn't a great movie -- it's hardly even a good one. But it's bluntly effective, less a monumental piece of filmmaking than an open door.
It's not enough to acknowledge that film is doing moviegoers a service in telling a story they may not find familiar. It also has to be acknowledged that it tells it in a wearyingly familiar, conventional way.
The power of Turner's convictions seems to be fueling Parker's performance and treatment of the material.
The Birth of a Nation's narrowed scope recalls that of Mel Gibson's Braveheart.
The Birth Of A Nation is not without inherent power, but Parker struggles to evoke anything besides surface tellings of textbook atrocities.
A vital, stirring, and powerful film by and about people of color - and which arrives like a hand grenade in the midst of a deafeningly loud discussion about why that's such a rarity in contemporary Hollywood.
The film was seven years in the making-and it paid off.
A stunning directorial debut for Nate Parker and a powerful look at a failed slave rebellion.
The Birth of a Nation is a brutal, tremendous film that may have irksome flaws, but nothing that overshadows its director's emerging talent and force of will.
What's lacking in aesthetic cohesion, pacing, and subtlety is made up for in a powerful lead performance and an essential story with compelling religious undercurrents.
Parker generously calls to all with his rallying cry of a film, a weighty invocation of past bravery that charges its audience with the essential, nation-defining mission of fighting for a better and more just future.
D.W. Griffith might have been a better craftsman, but Nate Parker is a better American.
Parker's resolve with the project (made without studio backing) should act as a clarion call to independent filmmakers everywhere.
In script and performance, the film is an articulate howl of anguish and rage given depth by a discerning comprehension of the ways various communities can rely on faith for very different means.
Turner deserves this treatment; he deserves a film that doesn't soften the era or apologize in any way for his anger; and he deserves a salute for making it happen.
It's scrupulous and honorable, with moments of scalding power. But it's also just good enough to make me wish it had been better.
It is much more than just a great film, it just might be a masterpiece.
A little choppy, but also a remarkable and important teaching tool.
A stark, edgy depiction of an incredible story. Nate Parker is outstanding.
An unflinching historical document.
Stirring, soulful, and incendiary.
It's one thing to make a movie about a martyr; it's quite another to pre-emptively martyr oneself.
The American Braveheart
The Birth of a Nation is one of the most confident writing and directorial debuts in recent memory.
More than a movie about a slave rebellion, it's about the difficulty of reconciling the great moral chasms between thought, vision, and deed.
The film's often ham-fisted composition will leave many turned off.
Debuting writer-director Nate Parker stars in this searingly impressive account of the Nat Turner slave rebellion.
The film offers up more than enough in terms of intelligence, insight, historical research and religious nuance as to not at all be considered a missed opportunity ...
Essential as history and good, not great, as filmmaking.

@highlight

The Birth of a Nation overpowers its narrative flaws and uneven execution through sheer conviction, rising on Nate Parker's assured direction and the strength of its vital message.