[W]hat seems at first like a lean, spare psychic space in which much is left unspoken swells to burn white-hot.
formulaic tripe, catharsis-by-the-numbers.
In her first feature film, Masterson creates a slice of life that is very believable (especially if you've ever seen The Jerry Springer Show), and often endearing.
The Cake Eaters mistakes characters and story quirks for character and story development.
The story is so wispy that it feels only half-written; basically, nothing much happens here. Not a total washout, but it seems more like a TV movie.
There are only so many story threads an ensemble cast can hold.
Stand out performances, interesting character dynamic but overall, kind of a flat film that really doesn't have you too emotionally invested.
I think there is a future in directing for Mary Stewart Masterson.
These are people whose company you enjoy, in good times and bad. Taking place over a short period of time, it's a small slice of life, yes. But as the title implies, it's a tasty one as well.
As directing debuts from actors and actresses go, Masterson's falls somewhere on the upper-end of the middle, a better-than-respectable effort given the difficulty of the material and the constraints of the budget.
Pleasant, low-key drama about two small-town families with secrets. Though familiar in many respects, Mary Stuart Masterson's feature directorial debut has a quiet charm.
With so much junk cluttering movie houses, it is a shame that it took two years for this sweet, intelligent drama to get a release before heading for DVD. But such is the sad state of the movie business.
Kristen Stewart is lovely, as is Masterson's beautifully crafted first film.
Superior acting elevates a small, overcrowded ensemble piece set in rural upstate New York into something a little deeper.
The Cake Eaters is a bland ensemble drama with an unremarkable script.
A small movie in every way, but solidly crafted and respectably acted.
Masterson, like many actors, is an assured director even in her debut; working with her brother Pete as cinematographer, she creates a spell and a tenderness and pushes exactly as far as this story should go.
The Cake Eaters is a small but rewarding slice of realism that is a nice antidote to the surfeit of slasher movies that have been polluting the ozone lately.
As we fade out with Easy and sons bonding over steak and beers, our cockles are warmed -- the movie forgotten.
Masterson draws beautifully modulated performances from her strong ensemble cast ... It balances sweetness and sadness without ever leaning too heavily on either quality.
In The Cake Eaters, first-time filmmaker Mary Stuart Masterson and screenwriter Jayce Bartok attempt to pack a miniseries's worth of familial drama into an 85-minute running time.
Disease of the week suds are subverted in Kristen Stewart's oddly empowering disability sex romp. And though Cake is half baked at times, these impulsive humans going for the metaphorical dessert in life while skipping real sustenance, has a goofy appeal.
An old-fashioned minor key drama, "The Cake Eaters" is the exact type of film that is the cornerstone of modern American Independent cinema.



@highlight

Though light on theme and craftsmanship, The Cake Eaters relies on fine performances and brisk direction to provide an affecting tale of small-town life.