A brutal, shattering story of child trafficking that is intended to deliver a sobering punch about the global human trafficking trade, Marco Kreutzpaintner's powerful drama is in fact based on investigative reports in the New York Times.
Heartfelt and fitfully suspenseful, it's grim, message-led stuff.
If only the whole matched the power and potency of the details. Masquerades as a searing exposé, but turns out to be a lurid and overwrought account.
As cinema, 'Trade' is flawed: the script is functional and the dry characters are hemmed in by the machinations of an unremarkable plot.
Such difficult subject matter requires a harder-edged delivery, but hopefully this accessible drama will therefore get its message across to a wider audience.
This cockeyed odd-couple road movie is well-intentioned, but it comes perilously close to feeding off the crimes it condemns.
Is it possible to agree with what a film is saying while disliking the way it says it? Trade leaves no arm untwisted and no message unrammed.
Kline and the talented Gaitan do their best to engage on a human level, but ending with various sobering stats about the global sex trade only underlines the film's woefully misplaced dramatic emphasis.
Jose Rivera's script plays uneasily, as do some of the directorial flourishes: the shots of rose stems and caged birds are galumphingly emphatic at moments that need no underlining.
With terrific performances and strong direction throughout, this hard-hitting thriller delivers a powerful wake-up call.
This involving film is weakened by a script that tries to create a formulaic thriller out of an important subject matter.
Trade is a dreadfully hollow film, empty of everything except pretension and self-importance posing as art.
Just misses making its urgent point, which was surely the purpose of this emotionally stirring, troubling film, by turning up the excessively convoluted melodrama, and turning its eyes away from the sociopolitical issues that sex slavery thrives on.
A documentary about sex trafficking might have been more powerful. Dramatizing the subject in this fashion, with a race-against-time road trip, breathless online bidding and a couple of different happy endings, simply cheapens it.
Yes, a conventional documentary about sex slavery would probably be more illuminating. It would also be more unbearable.
Trade has cojones for trying to lay the kind of political guilt trip it does on us with its sham aesthetics and lurid telenovela-writ-large storyline.
Tremendously sincere but at times brutal drama.
What ultimately tips the scales is its determination to avoid sentimentality.
The filmmaker tries to keep the energy up and the audience engaged by incorporating stylistic touches from the Michael Bay 101 crib sheet, whirling the camera around characters in crisis and lacing scenes with hack guitar rock.
incredible -- in the literal, non-complimentary sense...
Grim, hard to take, and nightmare-producing, Trade is not for the faint of heart.
Treats sex slavery with roughly the same amount of tact and complexity with which the Jean-Claude Van Damme vehicle Hard Target treated homelessness.
I was moved.
..an uneven job...that is intermittently shocking and dull.
It's a sad but common story.
A transcendent rather than merely tragic film...
Trade has telegraphed the most sordid examples of the international child sex trade into a small, somewhat exploitative thriller.
Other than showing how a trafficking pipeline might work, Trade is a total misfire, a strange attempt at making a buddy movie featuring a morose Kevin Kline and a 17-year-old Mexican boy looking for his kidnapped sister.
Alternately gripping and frustrating, Trade is a regrettable disappointment.
There's really no nice way to put this: Trade wants to be the Traffic of sex slavery, and it fails at that task in ways that are alternately dreary, pretentious and vaguely sleazy.
It labors under the delusion that it's this year's revelatory, eye-opening Maria Full Of Grace, when it's little more than a B-movie with an overwrought conscience.
A routine crime melodrama with art-house message-movie pretensions.
The story of the victims on the road is harrowing, but the tale of the kind cop and the teenager with an attitude is a string of big brother clichés.
This mostly effective dramatization paints a suitably ugly picture of the dehumanizing depths people are willing to go for money.
Trade takes on a serious, under-addressed international crime against humanity in a style that is somewhere between TV melodrama and drive-in exploitation, undoing its obvious good intentions and some truly provocative moments.
Equally involving yet hard to take.
A nasty, vile business, made more slimy because director Marco Kreuzpaintner doesn't trust the intrinsic interest of his story, and pumps it up with chase details, close calls, manufactured crises, and gratuitous scenes.
The movie often seems to be exploiting as much as illuminating the problem.
Without making a message movie, the filmmakers have shed light on a serious yet underappreciated sociopolitical issue.
Human trafficking is an awful societal issue, and Trade happens to be an awful movie about human trafficking.
In addition to one-dimensional characters, the plot is unconvincing, with contrivance heaped upon contrivance.
Trade needed to be the United 93 of the human trafficking crisis. It's closer to being the World Trade Center.
...occasionally uses exploitation to get you worked up about, well, exploitation.
Jose Riveraâ(TM)s highly improbable and sensationalized screenplay leaves its actors no room for authenticity. Marco Kreuzpaintner directs with commendable energy, but squanders Daniel Gottschalkâ(TM)s gold-dust-strewn images on hyperventilating voyeurism.
A straightforward and uninspired look at the sex trade.
Comes off like TV-movie sensationalism, sidetracked by distracting backstories and hard-to-swallow plot twists.
Trade plays like a slightly more culturally aware episode of Walker, Texas Ranger.
A bone-chilling, disturbing thriller about a forbidden subject the government would probably like to sweep under the rug.
Tells the story with gritty realism, but waters it down with laughable melodrama.
This isn't an easy sit, and by the time it was over my heart was virtually shattered thanks to the human wreckage vividly on display.
A movie that's guaranteed to make you lose sleep.
There's plenty of intelligence peeking through the cracks in Trade. It's just too bad it's squandered on preaching to the converted in the worst sort of way.
It gets high marks for its lofty intentions, but it is only mediocre as a thriller and is clunky in its presentation.
Trade's fictional drama is [hard] to believe, and impossible to justify.
By introducing silly elements into a serious endeavor, the filmmakers undercut their own movie. In the end, we're watching a somewhat exploitative movie about exploitation.
A scary, poignant, and unforgettable film that elicits our outrage and compassion as it puts faces and feelings on the victims of the international trade in sex slaves.
Overly symbolic shots of a lone bike in the street and a doll with its head torn off don't do an already garbled cautionary tale any favors.
Rarely has a message movie been as noxious ... manages to be not only contrived and culturally offensive, but also exploitative of the illicit practice it theoretically opposes.
As a movie, Trade is so-so, but as an exposé of how the new globalized industry of sex trafficking really works, it's a disquieting, eye-opening bulletin.
Takes forever to get anywhere and the ridiculous ending doesn't make it worth the journey.
Seems more exploitation than exploration...ends up not illuminating its subject but cheapening it.
A jarring mess of a movie, one that ends up seeming like no more than a particularly heavy episode of the CBS kidnapping drama Without a Trace.
Trade is as gripping as it is important.
Ill-conceived and executed by German helmer Kreuzpaintner, Trade fails on every level, as expose of sex traffickers, as commentary on US ongoing illegal immigration debate, as portrait of innocent children violated by crime, and even as seedy thriller.
However lofty the film's intent, it's hard to ignore the flaws in its making nor the protagonist's own criminality relative to a captor's religious hypocrisy.
The film's horrific and important subject matter is distilled into a lackluster lump of generic buddy-movie/road-picture components.
Little more than a slipshod, trashy, sometimes exploitative thriller.




@highlight

With an exploitative style that seems more suited for TV shows like CSI , Trade 's message about the reality of child exploitation is easily lost.