Filmmakers Robbie Cavolina and Ian McCrudden recreate O'Day's extraordinary life through archival footage of some of her greatest performances, as well as interviews with the woman herself.
Even with that uninspired title, Anita O'Day: The Life of a Jazz Singer is a fitting tribute, a fascinating and swinging documentary.
Blue eyed soul at its very best!
It's lovingly made, with jazzy movement, and though it's no great technical achievement, its low-budget aura hardly detracts from the mission.
If Anita O'Day had to choose a motto for her life, it would probably be "That's how it went down."
O'Day survived the rigors of what euphemistically might be called 'the jazz life.' Comments Bryant Gumble: 'Your personal experiences include rape, abortion, jail, heroin addiction...' Responds the unflappable O'Day: 'It's the way it went down, Bryant.'
Even if you're not nuts about the music in Anita O'Day: The Life of a Jazz Singer, I bet you'll fall for the musician.
The incomparable songbird is finally given her due in one of the greatest music documentaries I've ever seen.
A close-up look at the strange alchemy that is jazz singing -- singing at its most sublime.
The story of O'Day's talent and innovation is well told.
O'Day is so exciting here, the film doesn't just cater to fans but can generate new ones to celebrate the role of the song stylist for the Great American Songbook.
Robbie Cavalina and Ian McCrudden's loving tribute to the great singer orchestrates archival footage, late-in-life interviews and some spectacular music into one of the better bio-pics of recent years.
Anita O'Day: The Life of a Jazz Singer chooses from all the existing materials, and is invaluable.
A gentle, swinging film that pieces together her extraordinary life story from vintage performance clips and various interviews done over the years.
Alive with improvisational energy and rejecting the conventional biographical format, the film pursues ideas and feelings rather than chronology as it scats through an archival wealth of interviews with O'Day and some of her most inspired performances.
The portrait of Anita O'Day that emerges in this documentary is of a woman who always lived by her own rules.
Although adding nothing to the previous body of knowledge on the iconic jazz singer, this film is a precious collection of extremely unique jazz vocal footage that should not be missed.
A high point shows O'Day, in a black-and-white hat and form-fitting dress, singing "Sweet Georgia Brown" at the Newport Jazz Festival. That scene alone confirms O'Day's place among the greats.
As a tribute to its star, it's damn near essential.
The superb jazz documentary Anita O'Day: The Life of a Jazz Singer is blessed with lengthy sit-down interviews with the singer herself.
The directors prefer to secure O'Day's due as, in the words of critic Will Friedwald, the only white jazz singer who belongs in the company of Ella Fitzgerald and Billie Holiday.
A rich tapestry of O'Day's evolution as a profoundly expressive and charismatic jazz artist who explored the enormous range of her vocal gifts across the many decades with an astonishing imaginative subversion of any musical status quo.
You come away from the documentary impressed by a fiercely individualistic and beautiful woman who lived by her own rules with a fluid mastery of music that few musicians ever attain.
Superb study of one of America's greatest jazz singers who lived to perform. The movie is a labor of love co-directed by her manager from the last 6 years of his life and a reminder that movies come alive when there is passion rather than money in the dri
An engaging if less than revelatory documentary.
Force of personality and terrific vintage performance clips make a keeper of Anita O'Day: The Life of a Jazz Singer.
Wow -- now this is how you make a jazz documentary
Gimmicks and hyperbole aren't necessary, so long as there's O'Day's beaming face to look at -- radiant when young, radiant and wrinkled when old -- and the sound of that sloe-gin voice to savor.



@highlight

This rich documentary chronicles the highs and lows of one of the medium's finest singers, utilizing remarkable archive footage and insightful interviews with O'Day herself.