A lighthearted look at gay love, and a far more honest and ultimately more touching exploration of the theme than what we got up on Brokeback Mountain.
Chester has a good ear for the snappy one-liner and this, plus his obviously hard-earned knowledge of the quirks in the gay mating game, put over his determinedly black romantic comedy.
It tries for cheap laughs, gets a couple of them, and whizzes the rest of them right down its pant leg.
Chester could have used a major rewrite, or at least some serious editing.
Chester's script is a series of set pieces that all contain exaggerated characters for comic effect. There are numerous one-liners that hit the mark and the central relationship follows its ups and downs along the lines of a conventional romantic comedy w
Clever, liberatingly silly and sweet.
A clunky doofus, a comedy of meet-cutes and weak jokes.
I can't think of another film in which the embarrassment over a freak bowel movement impedes the course of love and commitment.
Starting your film with a display of public incontinence isn't the best way to win over the audience.
Adam & Steve does distinguish itself from its fellow gay comedies -- in exactly one way: It's possibly the most low-brow of the lot.
Adam & Steve mainly goes to prove that indie gay romantic comedies can be just as witless, vulgar and over the top as their straight, major studio counterparts.
Pure amateur-hour stuff: a low-budget, poorly written gay movie that revolves around a crude joke and repeatedly delivers embarrassment when it's supposed to be offering humor.
[Chester] and the goofy Gets make a likable comedy team.
So awkwardly directed by star Chester that its timing and tone are hopelessly uneven.
Plays as urban farce, but thanks to first-time director Chester's light touch and affectionally observant eye and ear, it's also a genuinely affecting love story.
Material is uneven, but rhythm and pacing keep action moving smartly.
The sort of production that could be performed on stage by a high-school student group.
Cheap-looking, amateurishly written, and badly acted...
It hits more often than it misses, and the best parts are always the simplest, in which the stars wing it with nothing to go on but their natural chemistry.
One of the most fundamental rights of man is the right to simply have a frivolous good time. And that's a rainbow flag that Adam & Steve proudly waves high.
Often charming and funny, though sometimes quite gross.
Co-stars Parker Posey and Chris Kattan offer minor diversions, but the humor never rises to the quality any New Yorker, regardless of sexual orientation, would expect.
Much of Craig Chester's good-hearted love story Adam & Steve is silly and contrived, but the film boasts four engaging actors, including Chester.
Are you looking for a gay romance where no one has to die tragically or suffer a loveless life alone? Then this fluffy indie should hit the spot.
For every shtick that works, there are two that don't. Adam & Steve is not the knee-slapper it wants to be, but it's endearing nonetheless.
Adam & Steve strikes an unsatisfying balance between serious romantic texture and outright farce.
There is an underlying story here, and some comic ideas, that in the hands of a better director (or more ruthless editor) could have become an entertaining romantic comedy.
Who said mainstream Hollywood has a monopoly on dumb, gross-out farces? The gay, independent comedy Adam & Steve is as crude and nonsensical as any number of B-list studio equivalents.
Like the Duran Duran videos it worships, Adam & Steve is so retro it's fresh.
Despite its unevenness, Adam & Steve manages to rise above the bodily function humor in ways that are silly and sincere at the same time.
I could have done without the over-the-top cowboy line-dancing finale at which all the boy-loses-boy complications were resolved, but it's hard to begrudge such a charming cast their happy ending.
Adam & Steve is a mostly bland, sporadically crude, by-the-numbers romantic comedy about two gay men in love.
Adam & Steve is uneven, but it's a relief to see a gay romance that isn't about ab-perfect 20-year-olds, and which features lovers played by two long out-of-the-closet actors.
Writer-director Craig Chester's debut is truly enjoyable.
Chester cleverly conflates the personal trauma of the titular couple's 18-year-old incontinence nightmare with the national horror of 9/11.
Craig Chester's Adam is a whiney, neurotic irritant, the human equivalent of shingles.



@highlight

Gross-out comedy and true love make for an awkward mix in this clunky romance.