... a summation of action scenes, almost without rhyme or reason. [Full review in Spanish]
Homefront makes a familiar scenario fresh, propelled by Jason Statham's Phil Broker.
What sets the movie apart is the performance of Franco. His turn as Gator elevates the affair.
Homefront manages to hit all the right notes and even a few you wouldn't expect, and there's nothing expendable about that.
Statham is not the English Clint Eastwood yet, but if someone fancied calling him Dirty Jason... who knows?
Homefront is as gleefully dumb and thoroughly entertaining.
Oh, and did I mention that Sylvester Stallone adapted the screenplay for this from a novel? Because that.
When Jason Statham stops to pat a kitten after MacGyvering up the bad guy's meth-lab to explode when the lights are switched on, you will either groan or giggle... if you are inclined towards the latter you may find quite a bit of enjoyment in Homefront.
The climax is a muddle and borderline preachy
[Blu-ray Review] Dynamically directed, legitimately suspenseful as the climax plays out, and consistently captivating for all 102 minutes.
Predictable but well enough made to hold something for fans of The Stath.
Director Gary Fleder gets into the rubbishy mood with ease, and there's an appealing if undisciplined generosity about the inclusion of supporting players
There's something to be said for one of those entertainers that goes about its by-the-numbers business with craft and style.
Half-satisfying little piece of gristle.
This unlikely teaming of Jason Statham and James Franco proves to be a clever blend of action and acting.
Just what you expect in a Jason Statham movie - and that is action from beginning to end.
It's a derivative and incoherent exercise that provides another opportunity for Jason Statham to play the same type of vigilante character that he's essentially kept repeating for more than a decade.
Homefront is a film that understands its audience with a precise, non-condescending clarity.
The plot is too foreordained in every detail to be genuinely gripping, and the action far too shoddy in both conception and execution, which is even worse.
I can barely remember who lives or dies. I barely cared.
Credit must go to Fleder and Stallone for refusing to settle for a simple, binary, good against evil actioner; investing the material with something resembling human interest.
A Definite Miss
Jason Statham is at it again. He is proving to be this decades ultimate action star.
Skull-cracking and stylistic, it's a ferocious, profanity-filled revenge flick that should have gone direct-to-video.
Statham displays a tender side rarely seen in his previous action work, and Franco adds another memorably sleazy maverick to his CV.
A maniacally muddled and maudlin thriller, co-written and produced by Sly Stallone.
With a powerhouse cast and an anaemic script, this violent revenge thriller never quite gets off the ground.
Statham is not the English Clint Eastwood yet, but if someone fancied calling him Dirty Jason... who knows?
Think a Sly Stallone-scripted action movie starring The Stath is a sure-fire winner? Think again.
Much like Stallone's Expendables entries, Homefront's premise is more appetising on paper than it is in execution.
Homefront never quite reaches a level when it becomes more than just an enjoyable Statham actioner, but watching an enjoyable Statham actioner isn't a bad way to spend a couple hours.
Nobody would know what Sylvester Stallone fans want from a Stallone action movie better than Sly himself.
Fleder - a dab hand with knotty, workable pulp - proves admirably patient in revealing character and place, and it helps that those laying siege to our hero's self-timbered abode never quite react in the way expected of goons in a Jason Statham movie.
Statham is on auto-pilot throughout and it suffers from an underwritten plot and lacklustre action sequences.
Homefront does nothing to stretch its leading man, but there's something to be said for Statham's stardom and the films being slotted around it - like a stubborn bollard, you always know exactly where to find him.
Homefront is only really compelling when it's exploring the hassles and complexities of being an overwhelmed small-time meth dealer, or when it makes good use of the local color of its backwoods Louisiana setting.
Although Franco's clearly enjoying himself, and Statham smashes faces with finesse, two warring films emerge, neither of them particularly convincing.
Nobody can write this stuff like Stallone and nobody can play it like Statham.
The screenplay for this violent retro schlock was written by Sylvester Stallone, and the movie feels like something out of the early eighties.
[Statham's] fans will no doubt have a blast. And this time it's highly likely that everyone else will too.
'Homefront' just isn't the Southern-fried smackdown it should have been
Jason Statham teams up with another badass little girl... which makes him almost warm and charming as he kicks the crap out of villains.
Another shake-and-bake Stath special, boasting the requisite punchy-fighty action and some pleasing sleaziness from Franco and Bosworth, but it's ponderously handled by director Fleder.
While it may not be anything you need to rush out to the theaters to see, "Homefront" is a solid action film that, thanks to the talents of Statham, can venture into a more dramatic side other kick-ass movies have to stay away from.
A solid action film that simultaneously reminds us of those fun 1990's martial arts stars and displays the acting ability they never had.
It's not that a stereotypical Jason Statham movie is a bad thing, but Homefront does nothing to distinguish itself from an overflowing library of similar titles.
the novel by Chuck Logan might have been able to carry all those lost souls along in a compelling story, the adaptation by Sylvester Stallone leaves then shipwrecked
The deeper we go into this story, the more ridiculous the coincidences and plot twists.
Despite some ridiculous twists and turns, the movie could have worked with a lightfooted, confident, breezy touch, but instead director Gary Fleder seems to have missed the point.
The film is mostly predictable, but throws a few curveballs and ends up being surprisingly entertaining, if not at all outstanding.
Action-drama "Homefront" has screenwriter Sylvester Stallone's touch written all over it. Director Gary Fleder keeps things moving.
Despite a handful of amusing quirks, Homefront is a tedious and forgettable affair.
Everyone cast against type. Everyone breathtakingly bad, reciting dialogue by Sylvester Stallone that begs for a "mute" button.
It's the most incongruous (and enjoyably so) good guy/bad guy pairing since Philip Seymour Hoffman threatened to make Tom Cruise's girlfriend bleed and cry and call out his name in Mission: Impossible III.
By making Statham a regretful lawman, it neutralizes his main talent, effectively neutering him. It also telegraphs the kind of mostly watered-down movie we're about to see.
Stallone plopping Statham in this bore feels like an alpha setting up his successor to fail, like Zeus swallowing up his challengers before they force him into retirement.
Homefront aims to be retro, greasy comfort food but despite its lowly ambitions, there's barely enough spice here to merit a decent burp.
There's something almost refreshing about a movie that delivers exactly what's expected of it.
Fleder does Stallone no favours, directing Homefront strictly as a plodding and predictable thriller, the kind of generic project that usually stars a bunch of B-level actors.
It's a drive-in programmer with a weirdly over-qualified cast - slight but lean and deceptively smarter, in spots, than it lets on.
Straightforward action, with less hand-to-hand than you'd like and too much gunplay to be interesting..Efficient, diverting and utterly forgettable.
[It] isn't Statham's best - or most brutal - work, but it's not bad.
Fleder, who is a pretty standard button-masher as an action director, actually shows infectious relish and nuance in depicting Statham's slow return to his violent ways.
Homefront is ridiculously overdone.
Ryder rockets to such heights of emoting that she looks like she could black out from lack of oxygen.
There's little in the way of character, visual style, or suspense.
The basic ingredients of a throwback action movie are all there; what's missing is action and style.
It's a punch-drunk story that wobbles between a family film and an over-the-top action movie that fails to utilize the best parts of either.
There are millions of people willing to pay good money to watch Jason Statham beat the living daylights out of James Franco.
This is a straightforward thriller with beatings, shootings, a young girl in peril, and a stoic hero who never loses his cool.
Too bad Franco's performance gets buried under an avalanche of clichés and blurry fight scenes so poorly edited that we can't actually tell what's happening.
Homefront is just another Jason Statham movie. Fortunately, that spells competent entertainment with a blood-red cherry of payback on top.
Then 'Homefront' gets to its third act, and it's just a mess, folks. (Full Content Review for Parents also available)
[Statham's] paired with a precocious adolescent daughter and an adorable kitten that only accentuate his charm.
"Homefront" is hard not to like and impossible to respect.
The worst sin is visited upon Statham: Sure, those fists fly, but his poetry has become a chopped-up hash.
Pardon me, "Homefront," but I'm having a little trouble finding James Franco, as a bayou meth lord, to be much of a match for Jason Statham, as an ex-DEA agent hiding out anonymously with his daughter.
For one brief moment in "Homefront," you will think: This is going to be awesome.
It's not a great action film by any stretch of the imagination, but when working with something as old as water, you've got to appreciate the effort at being different - if only slightly.
The entertainingly one-note Statham tossed together with chronically versatile James Franco-in a movie scripted by Sylvester Stallone, no less.
Homefront is what Breaking Bad may have resembled had Sylvester Stallone written the TV show.
An indefensibly enjoyable piece of exploitation hackwork.
Jason Statham is too tough to ever seem overwhelmed, imposed or vulnerable, and Sylvester Stallone's script requires some measure of those feelings amid the schlock.
Jason Statham and James Franco squaring off over meth with a script by Sylvester Stallone? Sounds like a guilty pleasure, right? Unfortunately, the result is a rather rote action thriller that only comes alive during the well-staged fight scenes.
Despite some unexpected faces, it's pretty much business as usual in Homefront, the latest Jason Statham outing. A conscious effort to expand the star's fan base, the movie is more low-key than his usual revenge thrillers.
To alternate fistfights and gunplay with paternal tenderness is a tall order for any action movie, and to do so without slowing things down is nearly impossible.
The strength of Statham's performance, coupled with a refreshingly lack of computer-generated blood effects, goes a long way towards compensating for the less-than-eventful nature of Stallone's screenplay...
Franco, as is often the case, seems to be acting in his own private movie and having a grand old time doing so; results for the audience may vary.
"Homefront" neither stoops below nor strains above being what it is; it's an acceptable action-thriller, a high-protein and high-fat release at a time when more virtuous, leafy and fibrous films crowd the theaters in the season before Oscar madness.
Franco, who brought so much dynamic weirdness to the role of Alien in Spring Breakers, looks as engaged here as he did while hosting the Oscars.
A distinctly old-fashioned, by-the-numbers actioner that breaks no new ground and treads familiar territory without much dash.
We don't really need this old thing, which tries to be a modern Western but ends up being a swampy, derivative action film, indebted to B movies of the '70s but unable to pay the debt in an interesting way.
A disappointing mess of a genre flick.
There's plenty going on to satisfy action fans, and they'll get a bit more than they bargained for.
Playing defense plays a lot better than bloody offense.
Statham delivers all the expected scowls and growls, but there's no originality, nuance or even dumb-fun catharsis to recommend this inept exercise in punch-'em-up justice.
It works, in a generic way, but there are no surprises.
A picture that could more tellingly be titled "More of the Same."
Standard issue Statham actioner, but Kate Bosworth is a gaunt meth-head revelation
As junky, B-movie entertainment with an emphasis on explosions, the feature is passably entertaining, submitting a decent amount of growly escapism and chewy performances. However, Homefront doesn't live up to its potential.
It's too devoid of worthwhile action set pieces to satisfy as an action film, too dull to work as a thriller, and too dumb to work as an earnest crime drama.
Just when you thought you had seen the craziest James Franco performance of the year...
'Homefront' believes it's cut from the same cloth as Walter Hill's 'Southern Comfort,' but it can barely muster up the thrills of an episode of 'MacGuyver.'
Another dumb action movie with a couple of fun fight sequences, none of which make up for the weak cliché-filled story that tries too hard to be a serious drama.
Homefront is an action movie born in the wrong generation, but it's still a fun and wild watch thanks to Jason Statham's warpath through a sleepy Southern town.
The material plays out like a particularly busy episode of Sons of Anarchy, possessing a peculiar joylessness that's anathema to the success of films like this.
Homefront reminded me a lot of an old fashioned, really rated R, 1970s Jan Michael Vincent or Charles Bronson vehicle.
Statham plus Stallone plus Franco equals a surprisingly joyless backwoods action programmer.
Jason Statham squares off against poor white trash in an old Sylvester Stallone script that should have stayed on the shelf.

@highlight

While it boasts a capable cast, the disappointingly dull Homefront hearkens back to classic action thrillers without adding anything to the genre.