... does not make for a compelling film, despite a pair of very good performances.
If you're a fan, you'll recognize the man behind what you've read and likely feel that his memory has been well served in the small portion of his life recreated here.
This is the kind of irony that Wallace himself could have spun into brilliant prose.
Because [The End of the Tour] is a film about language and about two men in dialogue, it's greatness could not have been achieved without the performances.
As a glimpse into the uneasy ménage à trois of narcissism, ambition, and loneliness, this film offers sneaky rewards.
I can't speak to its veracity, but I loved Segel's work here, playing Wallace as someone who over-analyzed everything, to a compulsive, near paralyzing degree, while still managing to be the most interesting, literary guy in the room.
By the time we're at the end of 'The End of the Tour,' it's arrived at something thoughtful and true about being a writer-and, even better, about being a real person.
Strong performances from the lead actors anchor the film, but the world depicted is rather too hermetic for anyone not immediately interested in the subject matter.
The beautifully shot film is endearing and relatable, director James Ponsoldt (The Spectacular Now) has definitely delivered something that is really special.
It improbably glides along, a conversation of a film, two guys trusting each other or not.
Segel sells the performance by not overselling it, comfortably meeting viewers halfway between imitation and obfuscation.
A startlingly immersive film that gives the illusion -- at once inspiring and heartbreaking -- that you're in the presence of the late great American novelist David Foster Wallace.
"The End of the Tour" made me want to try reading "Infinite Jest" again, so compelling a portrait Jason Segel paints of its troubled author.
A great film with two standout performances by its leads. [Full review in Spanish]
Better as the story of an average man admiring and fearing a genius, than as the story of that genius himself.
The End of the Tour will get you to re-evaluate accomplishment, fame, writing, and most importantly, candy combinations for maximum satisfaction.
It's essentially a two-hour conversation about life, love, selfhood, art high and low (Wallace was a television addict) -- and I did not want it to end.
Despite the depiction of rivalry and discomfort, its tone is not harsh; there's something restrained and carefully poignant about the film and the rueful reverence it displays for its central figure.
Jesse Eisenberg especially impressive as the motor-mouthed inquisitor opposite Jason Segel's endearing turn as a relaxed slacker genius. An enjoyable arthouse offering.
Unlikely buddy adventuring featuring an intriguing pre-mortem of the decompensating psyche of a suicidal savant.
Like 'My Dinner With Andre' this is a very talky movie, but with more interesting scenery, because it is also a road movie. Eisenberg and Segel give great performances. The dialog is dense, thoughtful and meaningful. This is a movie for book lovers.
A creative and engrossing film about two writers trying to determine what is important to each other.
You don't have to know much about author, David Foster Wallace, nor read his work to enjoy this observational biopic from James Ponsoldt.
That rat-a-tat repartee between the two men is what constitutes the meat of The End of the Tour, and it's a tour de force . . . for Eisenberg [and] Segel, who is a revelation.
Considering how much of The End Of the Tour is comprised of the uncinematic sight of two men of letters merely swapping notes in a rapid-fire fashion, it becomes surprisingly compelling from an early stage.
The exploration of fame through the prism of Wallace's newfound celebrity status is keenly observed, while his struggle to be portrayed accurately is touching - and educational
The dance [scene] suggests that Lipsky... has missed what Wallace might have shared. But in its strained dreaminess, its very movie-ness, the dance also suggests that The End of the Tour has missed it, too.
Ultimately though, the film feels flat and graceless.
Segel embodies Wallace so thoroughly that his and Eisenberg's scenes feel more than anything like a documentary with impossibly intimate access.
Jason Segel and Jesse Eisenberg engage in a cerebral sword fight that punctures ego and hits metaphysical bone in James Ponsoldt's low-key snapshot of the late David Foster Wallace.
The End of the Tour is one of the finest films of the year so far and one I hope as many people see as possible.
Jason Segel is so good in "The End of the Tour" you can almost smell him.
The filmmakers fail to convince us that the low-stakes, low-drama Wallace-Lipsky encounter required another telling; nor do they justify the decision to produce a blandly traditional film about a writer celebrated for his originality.
A dissection of both the mind of a writer and the nature of an interviewer.
A unique, subtle, almost uncomfortably intimate look at the way we perceive ourselves and others.
A thoughtful study of a gifted author with deep-seated internal conflicts.
The performances, the writing, the direction, Segel's D.F.W. impression, everything is just fine. But The End of the Tour is disgraceful. It feels like it's towing out the real Wallace's ghost to perform some soppy parody of himself.
Segel does great work in an atypical role, and Eisenberg is even more impressive, all needy, nervous laughter and simmering resentment. Their crackling chemistry is essential for a film that finds all of its action in conversation.
It's a movie that makes thoughtful drama out of the essential insanity of celebrity journalism, wherein a star proclaims humility while a scribbler promises idolatry.
[The film] understands that it's a mistake to believe that a road trip with Wallace is enough to somehow solve him... That, I think, is the film's covert virtue: deference. It defers to the complexity of a man it knows it isn't able to comprehend.
What we have here is a road trip about two guys talking. And it's riveting.
It's a superbly acted chamber piece that will be savoured by anyone who cares about the struggle to create, and to survive.
Segel's essential sweetness nicely serves the role of a guarded man who makes an unexpected new friend and maybe reveals more of himself than he intends.
Ponsoldt's done it again in this insightful two-character piece with piercing performances by Segel and Eisenberg.
Compassionate and conversational, challenging the audience to decide which of these men is more authentic - and honest.
What sounds suffocating plays as an openhearted piece of cinema, thanks to the filmmaker's great grasp of observational technique and the fine performances.
Torturous. Fitzgerald, Hemmingway, Salinger and...David Foster Wallace? Come on, you never heard of him or his book. This movie is just an ad for another book, Primary Colors.
The movie is a totally successful riff on the mindset of the writer, his themes, his obsessions, his flaws and his genius.
Segel and Eisenberg both capture their interplay beautifully in what is essentially a two-hander built around their conversations.
The End of the Tour makes it look effortless to tell a difficult story about two souls making a connection, which is a difficult enough achievement in this world.
The real star is the script.
Though it may seem that the film is merely about two guys shooting the bull, "The End of the Tour" is really a compelling character study of young men with different outlooks on fame and celebrity. ...
Eisenberg is a natural for his role, which suggests others he has done. Segel, maligned for taking the part after many superficial comedies, gives a superb performance that suggests nobody else he has played.
Despite a premise that seems anything but cinematic, "The End of the Tour" is an offbeat and fascinating film.
It's incredibly exciting for a film that's about 90 percent two men talking to each other.
I don't know precisely how accurate The End of the Tour is, I only know how true it feels.
The End of the Tour is one of the best movies I've seen this year. Of course, some film-goers will disagree. Loudly.
The End of the Tour is the best movie I can remember about clinical depression. It isn't depressing, though. Its overall effect is rather exhilarating.
A compelling -- and surprisingly entertaining -- slice of time spent with a famous writer, and the tensions and evasions and possible insights it brings forth.
A heartfelt portrait of self-questioning genius and a thinking man's version of bromance. It asks provocative questions about the nature of conversation while engaging in equally provocative conversations. Wallace probably would have hated it.
The most remarkable novelist of our age is the subject of the most remarkable picture of the season - possibly the year.
As good as Segel and Eisenberg are, it rarely feels like more than two guys merely chatting about life as they chain-smoke cigarettes and gnaw on Twizzlers.
Two people sharing sublime moments of uncool.
Jason Segel delivers a wonderfully moving, memorable performance as David Foster Wallace.
The End of the Tour is so effective because it's far too smart to engage in ominous foreshadowing.
Taken as a film about two fictional characters, "The End of the Tour" is a stimulating delight. But it's awfully hard to call it a true honor to its subject's memory.
More intellectually than emotionally compelling, but Segel's sincere performance as Wallace gives the movie a beating heart.
We're in the company of a great character here, with a lot on his mind, a lot to say.
I am sympathetic to the uphill climb Segel had to make, but that doesn't make it fun to watch -- nor does it make his choices logical.
It's not necessary to be a connoisseur of Wallace's to appreciate the film because, in the end, it's just a story about two very different, but not so different, guys tapping out their livings in modern America.
A thoughtful art film about two lonely guys shooting the bull in a ranch house beside a frozen wheat field.
...most intriguing as a passive-aggressive competition of egos between the two men.
Its prismatic philosophical and cultural observation...offers plenty of angles on the true value of the subjective fictions and supposedly objective non-fictions some create and others consume.
As veterans of numerous romcoms, Segel and Eisenberg know exactly how to let their simmering bromance play out organically, from kindred spirits found to passive-aggressive adversaries unleashed.
In Segel's performance, [the film] captures the quandary of an immensely gifted and immensely troubled writer who disdained the celebrity he also, without fully fessing up to it, sought.
Moving, morally engaged drama.
"The End of the Tour" is entertaining repartee between two accomplished writers with genius minds.
This is not necessarily a movie for lovers of action or high adventure. It essentially qualifies as an art film that will finds its audience based on glowing critical reviews, and the celebrity attraction of its two captivating stars.
The film doesn't simply give us the content of these conversations, which are fascinating enough on their own merits. It offers up context for and within those discussions...
Though for most it will succeed more as an exceptional acting showcase than as a revealing portrait of the artist as a young man, it's nonetheless a worthy effort on that basis alone.
Imperfect but compelling.
What Segel does, from his opening minutes on screen to the movie's end, is craft a portrait of what feels like an utterly real person, not an actor's portrayal of one.
Made with love and skill, the movie deserves to be seen.
A moving, intimate examination of loneliness, fame, and male ego delivered through two incredible lead performances.
"End of the Tour" does provide a fascinating insight into the relationship between a smart, semi-fawning journalist and his extremely perceptive subject.
Like a hipster version of a bromance, The End of the Tour wrings humor and pathos from a macho-intellectual pas de deux. But it ultimately taps a rare and delicate strain of fellow feeling.
Now, [Lipsky's] book serves as the basis for this always talky, often engaging, occasionally fascinating, and sometimes shaggy but never quite boring movie starring Jesse Eisenberg as Lipsky and Jason Segel as Wallace.
Road trips are a fairly routine framework for movies, often with a focus on two traveling companions. Never have I seen one that moved me so close to tears as "The End of the Tour," which transforms that common clay into a work of beauty.
The film consists of the two men talking, and not a lot else. But the performances, by Jason Segel as Wallace and Jesse Eisenberg as Lipsky, are perfect.
"The End of the Tour" chooses the low-key over grand gestures and melodramatic histrionics, and it proves more richly powerful as a result.
Ultimately, "End of the Tour" feels like a sensitive portrait of a good man struggling to deal with depression and fame, as well as a tender depiction of what a towering talent and decent person that awful disease snuffed out.
A thoughtful, moving testament to genuine connection.
Many feel the film, based on Lipsky's interview transcriptions, carries a ghoulish aura of opportunism. It doesn't strike me that way ...
A deeply human study of the internal impulses we indulge or hide, whether that pertains to intellect, attraction, emptiness or otherwise.
The movie reaches something special when focused on Segel's transformation, establishing a new frontier of dramatic possibilities for the gifted actor.
This is a peel-back-the-layers drama that addresses the perplexing themes of "Infinite Jest," which apply to us all. What "The End of the Tour" focuses on is truly an axiom for our times.
[T]he dense, delicious screenplay by Donald Margulies [is] a remarkable distillation of so many writerly phases of perception and self-deception, of ego and self-abnegation, of assertion and unyielding, inexorable doubt.
You'll be impressed by the approach; awed and spellbound by the philosophy; and immediately compelled to seek out more about the brilliant and enigmatic subject at its center.
The film, despite its flatness, is worth exploring, just as the writer's unremarkable home is picked apart by Lipsky, who prowls around like a cop, noting the contents of the bathroom cabinet and the photograph of Updike on the wall.
Segel showcases an intensity we had yet to see from him, embodying Wallace's mannerisms and down-to-earth demeanor while still providing deep insight through conversations.
The End of the Tour is about ideas, the script a transcript of a conversation. Yet underneath lies profound drama.
Certainly one of cinema's finest explorations of an incredibly specific dynamic - that of the cultural giant and the reporter who fantasizes about one day being as great as his subject, and in the same field.
The movie is only for Wallace buffs and one other, even smaller group: journalists who have interviewed a reasonably famous cultural personage.
The End of the Tour is less interested in David Foster Wallace as a mythical titan of culture, and more in the difficult dynamic between interviewer and subject.
The more these men talk, the more the conversation becomes about abstract concepts of self and personae, about why we tell stories, fiction or non-, about communication itself.
Features a starring performance by Jason Segel, playing David Foster Wallace, that will surely transform this actor's career.
Ponsoldt and Margulies have squeezed every last drop of subtext out of the material, and at times the movie's small canvas feels momentous. They've found the inner tensions in people's presentations of themselves in a way that's positively Wallace-like.
I greatly enjoyed it and would watch it again ...
Donald Margulies' screenplay distills Lipsky's material in a way that's both tender and incisive. It gets the quasi-friendship between journalist and subject in a way that few films do.
The film may be self-indulgent at times, but stars Segel and Eisenberg anchor the proceedings with just the right amount of emotion and complexity.
It's a profoundly moving story about a towering talent who seemed to feel too much and judge himself too harshly to stick around for long. What a shame.
It's ultimately a movie - one of the most rigorous and thoughtful I've seen - about the ethical and existential traps our fame-crazed culture sets for the talented and the mediocre alike.
Like an energetic terrier and a cautious great dane sussing each other up, Eisenberg and Segel are an unlikely yet perfect pairing in director James Ponsoldt's dual character study, one which plays like the road trip version of "My Dinner with Andre."
Lacks narrative heft and momentum.
What it has to say about the act of creation, not to mention the act of talking about it to an interviewer, is rich and fascinating.
What makes the movie's plot a bit wince-inducing is the unsubtlety with which Lipsky's book was interjected with artificial conflict for the sake of adaptation.
The result is less portrait of an artist than snapshot of a brief, meaningful encounter, shared between two men enjoying different stages of professional success.
Tour plays like one extended conversation between two highly intelligent men, but it's near-impossible not to become engaged in their dexterous repartee.
Touching, revealing, one of the best movies of the summer and a game changer for Jason Segel.
Bedecked in Wallace's signature head bandana and loose-limbed slovenliness, Segel is totally persuasive as a troubled brainiac, socking over Wallace's uneven flow of verbiage and melting ever so slightly in the heat of a fanboy-interrogator.
Gets the nebulous relationship between journalist and subject - that need for the former to be liked, the fear the latter has of being viewed through another's eyes.
An illuminating meditation on art and life with Jason Segel giving the performance of his career, potently catching the internal conflicts of celebrated novelist David Foster Wallace.
A pleasantly talky chamber piece ...
It does well in using dialogue to shape its escalating tête-à-tête, but the filmmaking is too fuzzy to expand on those ideas.
The End of the Tour may be a niche movie but for those willing to tunnel in, it's a thing of beauty.
Could be a definitive view of a tortured artist.
This great movie from director James Ponsoldt may have saved Jason Segel from a life of infinite cinematic jest.
Eisenberg's casting teeters on too perfect. He may currently be the best young actor working within the narrowest range-though, to his credit, he finds new ways to enact restiveness and competitive brilliance with each role he takes on.
Short of a vaguely exploitative framing device, it's otherwise a thoughtful and perceptive exploration of power dynamics within the patently phony setting of a celebrity interview.
Thought-provoking and achingly beautiful, this is cinematic philosophy, eulogy and celebration all at once, presented without adornment but nevertheless breathtaking in how insightfully it explores the torments and triumphs of a brilliant mind.
This is another strong film from Ponsoldt about friendship, success, and failure.
Ponsoldt's film is more interested in what lies beneath the skin of the men than the covers of the book.
The End of the Tour is a sequel to Almost Famous because it is about another Rolling Stone writer getting embedded with a celebrity. Perhaps the third in that trilogy can have Rolling Stone hire me to live with Vin Diesel for a year.
it's a fascinating and poignant film about friendship and envy, and the ways we can tie ourselves into knots trying to meet our own expectations or the ones we imagine others have of us. Better to just take Wallace's advice: "Be a good guy."
Observant, witty, and at no time too heavy-handed, it is one of the true gems of this years Sundance festival, and one of the best films of the year so far.
The End of the Tour is a piece for its performers. Jason Segal's performance as Wallace won't just be talked about in the months to come, but in the years to come.
Quite touching and, at times, wise.
Ponsoldt loves his characters, and that likability softens the edges, without allowing the film to ever turn maudlin or sentimental.
The script is so full of acute observations that I found myself scribbling down the whole movie as I was watching.
A thought-provoking experience that never feels bogged down in its dialogue.
Intimate, soul-baring, and winning, "The End Of The Tour" is a special, lovely little gem worth cherishing.
A profound experience about a profound experience, with a performance from Jason Segel, in particular, that can only be described as a revelation.
Stories about writers rarely make for good cinema. But this charming and sensitive film about a five-day encounter between acclaimed late author David Foster Wallace and a Rolling Stone journalist is a transfixing human drama.
This is no conventional biodrama about the tortured artist, but very much the film that lovers of Wallace's dazzlingly perspicacious fiction and essays would want.
There's too little drama and insight to this dramatization of journalist David Lipsky's encounter with the late 'Infinite Jest' novelist David Foster Wallace.
A career redefining part for Jason Segel - emotionally absorbing and always entertaining.

@highlight

Brilliantly performed and smartly unconventional, The End of the Tour pays fitting tribute to a singular talent while offering profoundly poignant observations on the human condition.