The result is a very unappetizing dish, served in the form of a valuable documentary. [Full review in Spanish]
As a film, it functions almost to snow you under with bits of little-examined, often unconnected ideas. The narrative is segmented into extremely short intervals, all helpfully introduced by inter-titles with cute plays on words.
This is the kind of muckraking we should see more often.
This solidly constructed documentary aims to do for food production what An Inconvenient Truth did for global warming.
One word of caution: Eat before you see it. After it's over, the idea of a swing through the drive-thru might not be so appetizing.
A doco which could make you sick!
Food, Inc. -- a disturbing expose of the food industry -- is essential watching. You need to see it. Take your kids. Take your neighbour's kids. Take a stranger's kids (well, maybe that's a bit much).
A disturbing yet easy to watch documentary about the increasingly industrialized yanking on what used to be called the food chain.
As a piece of investigative journalism, it does a terrific job examining the real price paid for nice plump chicken breasts, disease-resistant soya beans and hamburger for all.
Concerned with entertainment value as well as clarity and punch, he uses lots of colourful graphics, and moves quickly from one aspect of his subject to another.
This enlightening film takes aim at the US food industry by exposing the astounding and dubious means by which the source of our food is harvested and processed.
An activist-made film of considerable interest, Food, Inc is also a piece of investigative journalism that tells us a thousand things that are pertinent to eating everyday food. Did you know that chickens are farmed to fatten in 45 days and grow bigger
A heartfelt condemnation of mass-produced, chemically treated food, though it covers so many areas of concern in 94 minutes that it is necessarily superficial.
A seriously important film.
An insightful and at times troubling exposé of the American food industry.
Compelling, entertaining and illuminating documentary which makes you think twice, and then a few more times, about eating anything at all in U.S.
Overused narration treats the audience like the cattle being abused on screen; a continuous score rams the message home, just in case we missed the point...
Living off the fat of corporate farming
The film's inherently ambitious sensibilities initially serve it well...
Feels like the Cliffs notes version of a gripping book.
It's a harsh feeling, but Food, Inc. does its job in just getting out the information that most of us probably want to ignore and shouldn't.
One shocking segment of the film follows the story of Moe Parr, a man legally hounded out of his business of cleaning seeds. He is a victim of laws which allow seed patents which are leading to corporate seed monopolies.
His film shows us ugly, faceless corporate greed and its truly fatal consequences, but gives us tools to dismantle or at least throttle back the machine %u2013 and hopefully solve some of the world's ills as well.
the film can help more consumers realize that "cheaper" food is NOT necessarily a bargain
It moves briskly through its impressive array of talking points, though you might wish it had lingered over a few of them for a little more depth. No matter. Consider it a primer on a deadly serious issue that affects all of us, several times a day.
Although the documentary sometimes feels a little one-sided, lack of participation by companies such as Monsanto Co. and Tyson Foods Inc. ensured such a result.
Smart, gripping, and untainted by the influence of Michael Moore.
The message is that it's up to the consumer to change things in the food industry.
You're probably not going to like what you see here, but you'd better hold your nose and choke it down anyway. Food, Inc. is for your own good.
A Weak Version of "Fast Food Nation". But Hey, Any Film That Bashes Agri-Business Is All Right With Me.
Like a 21st-century updating of The Jungle ... Food, Inc. is infuriating and disheartening, as it introduces us to the unpleasant verities of eating and the cynical rationalizations of those who purport to feed us.
The documentary Food, Inc. is the film Fast Food Nation should have been. It's powerful, disturbing stuff.
A brutally disturbing, fundamentally important new documentary.
a frightening film, easily one of the most important of the recent spate of socially conscious documentaries
Food, Inc. offers plenty of food for thought, but, as expected, there isn't much here to nourish the soul.
A real horror story that touches on the obesity epidemic, the soullessness of mass-produced and over-processed foods, and how little control the FDA has ...
The old adage "you are what you eat" is more true than you would have thought.
Director Robert Kenner's documentary is powerful. Maybe even life-changing.
It's an "Inconvenient Truth" for food, minus the droning Al Gore and a handful of PowerPoint slides.
After you see what IBP is doing to cattle, what Tyson is doing to chickens, what farmers are doing to us and what Monsanto is doing to farmers in the new documentary Food, Inc., you may never eat again.
Stomach-churning yet persuasively necessary - but don't plan to go out to dinner after viewing this graphic documentary.
A scary movie that's also funny, touching and good for you -- that's Robert Kenner's documentary about the American food industry, Food, Inc.
Essential viewing for anyone with even a slight interest in the quality and substance of their health and food, which darn well ought to include everybody.
At least Kenner's doing more than simply complaining to the converted.
Usefully, it provides counter-balance to its own doom-saying with numerous suggestions of how to deal with the corporatization of food.
A mind-boggling, heart-rending, stomach-churning expose on the food industry.
If you are what you eat, we are mostly genetically modified, poorly regulated, unhealthy meat byproducts generating profits for a few gargantuan corporations.
In exposing the unsavory practices of agribusiness, the muckraking documentary Food, Inc. cuts to the bone.
Food, Inc. tackles a vast problem, but sends us home with glimmers of hope.
As Food, Inc. shows, these pretty, red, genetically engineered tomatoes are signs of a dodgy future already here.
An angry blast of disgust aimed at the American food industry.
Be prepared when seeing this film: you'll ponder the old adage about being what you eat.
Important -- and disturbing -- documentary about food biz.
Illuminating and occasionally revolting.
Kenner mounts it all with a pleasingly fluent and varied style, which makes it more or less easy to absorb his arguments, even if they're familiar from other books and movies and are presented with unopposed certainty.
Food, Inc. is 90 minutes of frankly riveting information about what we eat now.
A riveting if distressing look at the essentially unregulated American food supply.
If you're planning on seeing Food, Inc. as a date movie, make sure you have dinner beforehand.
The result is an alarming film that tackles food and freedom-of-speech issues on many fronts.
It's absorbing, scary and useful.
This absorbing film looks terrific and does a superb job of making its case that our current food ways are drastically out of whack.
An invaluable primer, Food, Inc. covers a wide array of factors and concerns without becoming excessively polemical or deadeningly earnest.
No quote available.
Consider food your guilty pleasure? Well, "Food, Inc," shows it's a killer. You need to see this film.
The whole thing is as subtle as a watermelon in a bowl of Cheerios but necessary, nonetheless.
If Wal-Mart, the Lucifer of multinational corporations in many liberal eyes, sees the fiscal sense in stocking an increasingly wide array of organic foodstuffs, consumer habits truly are changing.
It's not a pretty picture. But Food, Inc. is an essential one.
This review doesn't read one thing like a movie review. I just wanted to scare the bejesus out of you, which is what Food, Inc. did to me.
Kenner presents an even-tempered but nonetheless horrifying dissection of the U.S. food industry.
The film is eye-opening, shocking, and disgusting.
A powerful, muckraking documentary on the big business of what we eat.
Does for the supermarket what "Jaws" did for the beach -- marches straight into the dark side of cutthroat agri-business, corporatized meat and the greedy manipulation of both genetics and the law.
At times I feel like I'm being guided by someone who not only doesn't have time to explore so many complex issues but also doesn't understand them deeply enough to know or admit when he's making dissonant compromises.
An illuminating, vital and provocative documentary that will open your eyes to the harsh truths about the food industry and will inspire you to change your diet to organic, unprocessed food.
Sounds a clear clarion call for the consumer to rise up and start demanding natural and healthy alternatives to the processed junk which we're being fed by agri-business in the name of profits.
Trading on now-familiar gross-out tactics (images of corporate slaughterhouses and chicken sheds), the movie offers very little that food radicals don't already know.
Suffice it to say, after the film's disturbing glimpses inside the meat industry, along with its blunt indictment of fast food giants, you'll think twice before eating just about anything nonorganic.
Kenner's documentary is a grabber from the very first frame, and the fact my refrigerator's vegetable bin suddenly finds itself filled with organics when it never had been before isn't even close to a coincidence.
One of the scariest movies of the year [is] Food, Inc., an informative, often infuriating activist documentary.
Plays a bit like a collection of greatest hits... but the film's bright, cheerful tone, colorful graphics and bite-sized snippets will hopefully appeal to larger crowd.
An engaging and often wrenching film, Food, Inc. covers a wide range of material, including the horrific, the humorous and the exemplary.
Food, Inc. does have real nutritional value.
Informative, rage-inducing documentary that hits a variety of targets.
An engaging, cohesive narrative that informs but never scolds.
An undeniably admirable project, but anyone who has read anything on the subject may feel they've feasted from this plate before.
A bracing and disturbing documentary about the industrialization of farming, the dangers of genetically modified food, and the growing power of the unregulated Big Agriculture.
Don't take another bite till you see Robert Kenner's Food, Inc., an essential, indelible documentary that is scarier than anything in the last five Saw horror shows.
Though slickly packaged, Robert Kenner's unsparing exposé is harder to watch than any horror film.
An engaging and enraging primer of corporate caloric misdeeds that skips around from chickens to pigs to spinach to potatoes.
It's entertaining and fast-moving enough to make audiences intermittently forget they're consuming cinematic health food.
You're unlikely to look at the stuff on the shelves of your supermarket in quite the same way ever again...probably won't be seen by many consumers, but it deserves to be.
Runs a little dry here and there when swamped in the particulars, but its message is a valuable one; a stirring call to arms where passion outweighs realism, but it makes for eye-opening conversation nonetheless.
A call to arms that slips into you slowly, until at the end you're convinced you'll never eat another french fry that you didn't see cooked with your own eyes.
An essential, disturbing portrait of how the food we eat in America has become a deceptively prefab, even hazardous industrial product.
For informed locavores, director Robert Kenner's documentary on America's troubled food system covers little new territory. But the facts are still compelling enough to influence the way viewers eat, which is the film's ultimate mission.
Some of the film's scariest moments fall in X-Files territory.
An important film, a fascinating and intelligent doc that's easily one of the best of the year. Could very well make a huge difference in how you decide what you put in your mouth.
A veteran of public television's 'American Experience,' Kenner delivers a vital, visually stylish piece of filmmaking that is as informative as it is fascinating, infuriating and, at times, heartbreaking.
If this documentary does not change your mind about how to procure the food you eat, nothing will.
It's the documentary equivalent of The Matrix: It shows us how we're living in a simulacrum, fed by machines run by larger machines with names like Monsanto, Perdue, Tyson, and the handful of other corporations that make everything.
The most a muckraking film like this can hope to do is frighten the viewer out of their complacence so much that they feel like, if only for a moment, they need to do something.
This eye-opening movie should be required viewing for anyone who, well, eats.
See this startling, muckraking indictment of factory farming and you'll never eat again.
The film succeeds as more than mere propaganda. Unlike the processed products it criticizes, Food, Inc. is ready for consumption.
will no doubt find a better home in lecture halls and classrooms than it will in the bustling landscape of arthouse theatergoing.
The definitive study of factory farming in the U.S. today and an heir to the traditions of Upton Sinclair's "The Jungle". Highly recommended.
This stunning and vitally important doc pointedly shows how food industry lobbyists and lawyers basically took over the government agencies in charge of policing the very companies for whom they worked.
If you're an omnivore, Food, Inc. is your "must-see" documentary this year.



@highlight

An eye-opening expose of the modern food industry, Food, Inc. is both fascinating and terrifying, and essential viewing for any health-conscious citizen.