The plot is formulaic, the stereotypes awful, the villain limp and sniffling and the message beyond predictable.
The Heat plays with clichés from a long line of mismatched buddy cop comedies, and it's as good as any in the genre's pantheon.
In the cinematic world of worthwhile cop partnerships, The Heat is just an addled rookie.
Bawdy, R-rated, the racial jokes run rampant: the sight-gag of a female cop stopping a perp with a hurled watermelon is just all kinds of funny. It oughta be a new franchise.
It takes a special kind of film to evoke uproarious laughter from the sight of Sandra Bullock being repeatedly stabbed in the leg, but "The Heat" does exactly that.
Ms. Bullock as the aggressive brute and Ms. McCarthy as the straitlaced go-getter would have challenged these easy stereotypes and made them a tad less insulting to successful career women everywhere.
For the first half hour I thought it was gearing up to be one of the worst movies I have ever seen, but eventually it grew on me.
Has good momentum and it's not actively unpleasant to look at, which sets it well on the right side of the bell curve of modern American comedy.
Deserving neither a love letter nor an autopsy, Paul Feig's fifth directorial feature is as aggressively average a movie as I've seen in recent memory.
McCarthy's an actress who needs a foil, and for now Bullock is more than good enough. I just wish these two had found each other 10 years ago.
An all-female buddy cop movie that, for all its flaws, amounts to one of the ballsier attempts at the genre.
A solid buddy-cop action-comedy that draws all its energy from Sandra Bullock and Melissa McCarthy, who are flat-out funny and fun to watch.
the relationship between McCarthy and Bullock is spot on and makes the film worth watching
There's no getting away from the fact that The Heat is lightweight and derivative, but its formulas have been freshened just enough to make it fun. With Melissa McCarthy and Sandra Bullock on board, that's enough.
The sparks that fly between the two have that much more sting, thanks to the acidically hilarious banter and Bullock and McCarthy's complete, fearless abandon.
Poor production values, shoddy editing and too many clichés cool off a seen-it-all before comedy that even Sandra Bullock and Melissa McCarthy can't save.
But it's heartbreaking to watch McCarthy and Bullock work so hard to such little profit ... This is a movie that doesn't once do the unexpected thing.
It's ultimately clear that there's simply not enough plot to justify The Heat's absurdly overlong running time...
Director Paul Feig, whose Bridesmaids upended notions of what a raunchy ensemble comedy could be, does it again here with another genre.
You're left with an above average buddy cop movie, a few sharp gags and the conclusion that there must be a better way to get men laughing with women than have them inhabiting written-as-male roles.
Meanspirited where it's meant to be funny. Misogynist crap is still misogynist crap when it stars women.
As poorly scripted as Beverly Hills Cop and not as funny.
The Heat is crude and rude, and its plot is pretty ropey, but as Bullock's by-the-book prissiness collides with McCarthy's slobbish street savvy, its leading ladies strike scintillating comic sparks off each other.
It's the 'Bad Girls' who rule now!
This terrific vehicle for the perfectly mismatched comic stylings of Sandra Bullock and Melissa McCarthy isn't a hilarious girl-power trip. It's simply hilarious.
The plot follows a standard formula, but the simple gender twist and great casting keep things sizzling.
Miss Congeniality shows up The Other Guys in this riotously funny buddy-cop comedy, which overcomes its silly script with the ingenious pairing of Sandra Bullock and Melissa McCarthy.
The Heat is lean, mean and completely uninterested in anything that isn't funny.
Prepare for some hilarious laugh enforcement, Sandra Bullock proves to be the perfect foil to the uproarious Melissa McCarthy, who is fast becoming the funniest performer in cinema.
A good cop/bad cop action comedy with the funniest two-women-above-the-title pairing in memory.
Bullock and McCarthy have terrific chemistry and elevate the simple-minded material with their riffing and adept physical comedy.
Watchable buddy comedy enlivened by a pair of strong comic performances from its two leads, though it's also far too indulgent of McCarthy's ad-libbing and feels a good twenty minutes too long.
The film then lives and dies by how funny each individual scene manages to be. Some hit the mark, others do not.
Engagingly acted character comedy takes precedence over the nominal action-comedy plot, which involves the usual mysterious crime kingpin and the whereabouts of a big shipment of drugs.
The bland visuals and point-and-shoot directorial style mean that not much sticks in the mind, but 'The Heat II' would be an entirely welcome proposition.
Good for a few chalk-and-cheese chuckles but no real belly laughs.
If you've never seen the point of Sandra Bullock, watch this.
A genuinely funny, worthy successor to Bridesmaids, solidifying McCarthy as a rare comedic talent and potentially laying the way for more left-field lady-led comedy.
Marks another successful barge into Hollywood's boys-only territory from director Paul Feig, who is proving to be the most significant director of women in Hollywood right now.
It takes a while for The Heat to warm up, but after about 30 minutes of straining-for-effect comedy, this buddy cop vehicle for Sandra Bullock and Melissa McCarthy proves a much funnier proposition than the thinness of its premise suggests.
The screenplay, by Parks and Recreation writer Katie Dippold, is gunning to be a female Lethal Weapon or 48 Hours. Unhappily, this includes slovenly plots about tracking down drug lords to warehouse hideouts, and jackhammer banter.
The cruder gags won't win everyone over, but McCarthy and Bullock's chemistry helps paper over the plot cracks and there's enough situation comedy to entertain.
There's one reason to see this movie, and it's name is Sandrissa McBullock.
The mismatched chemistry between McCarthy and co-star Sandra Bullock drives the film for the first hour before its gimmick wears off and it eventually falls apart amid a slew of buddy-cop cliches.
The script is sharply funny, with the contrasting styles (what is this, "Training Day?," Bullock asks as McCarthy attempts to bond with a drug dealer) of both leads front and center.
It's down to the two leads to charm their way through the clichés. They half manage it.
First names are, of course, never used because they're out-menning the men in every department, including misogynist asides and police brutality - by the end of the runtime you wonder why they bothered casting women at all.
Borrowing heavily and unashamedly from the buddy-cop movie formula perfected by the Lethal Weapon, Bad Boys and Beverly Hills Cop franchises, Sandra Bullock and Melissa McCarthy team up for an enjoyable, ultra-predictable, totally disposable comedy romp.
The Heat takes a standard male action/comedy template, the odd couple cop movie, and blows it up with an estrogen bomb named Melissa McCarthy.
Feig's indifference to craft hurts the movie ... but he knows funny, and he gives his actors plenty of room to work.
A reminder of Bullock's comedic talents and one of the best female comedic pairings since Tina Fey met Amy Poehler.
A buddy-cop action comedy every bit as crass and dumb as the ones male teams have been making for years.
A pair of actors with real comic energy, who complement one another and work fluidly as a team, can turn a so-so script into a boisterous fireball of mirth.
McCarthy delivers her profanity-laced lines with an aggressive force that feels amazingly natural, and her put-downs and insults derive a particularly strong comic vibe by bouncing off Bullock's pinched straight-woman routine.
There are only two reasons to see The Heat. But they are formidable reasons, and they go by the names of Sandra Bullock and Melissa McCarthy.
Bullock and McCarthy are so comedically in sync that iffy jokes become funny, and funny jokes become hilarious.
The key to any buddy comedy is the chemistry between the two leads and there's so much to love about the pairing of Sandra Bullock and Melissa McCarthy.
At half an hour, it would rip your bloody guts out. At almost 2 hours it looks more like a one note joke that doesn't know whether it's a black comedy or a plastic comedy with lots of swearing
It's not as funny as I hoped, but there's a great dynamic to the odd-couple combo of Sandra Bullock and Melissa McCarthy as the stitched up New York FBI agent and slap-happy Boston cop with the foul mouth
Bullock/McCarthy are a great comic combo; with a few tweeks it could have been a better movie
The Heat runs really hot in fiery bursts of filthy and physical female comedy; but trying to even pay lip service to this husk of a story for its two hour running time really makes for a polarising view.
Yes, it's a cop-buddy film, and of course there is a case to be solved. But nobody cares about the familiarity of the premise. You get the sense that Paul Feig doesn't care either.
A funny new take on one of Hollywood's biggest clichés.
I chuckled once.
You have the right to remain silent throughout The Heat, a buddy cop comedy banking almost entirely on Melissa McCarthy's aggressive appeal and carpet f-bombings. You may have a responsibility not to laugh, so the inevitable sequel might be funnier.
The good news is that McCarthy and Bullock are often hilarious together, so you don't have to worry about the story. The filmmakers didn't.
Don't be surprised to shed a few tears as the curtain comes down on this tale of female empowerment about a pair of polar-opposite lady lawmen who set aside their differences to get their man while forging an enduring friendship worthy of a sequel.
If you've never seen Sandra Bullock blow a peanut shell out of her nose, and you'd like to, The Heat is your movie.
The many formulas never mesh, and some formidable actors stumble trying to keep pace with its out-of-synch meters.
A hysterical comedy, this Paul Feig production is a worthy successor to his 2011 hit "Bridesmaids."
You've seen a lot of this before. These actors deserve better.
If only the script matched the chemistry of its leads.
The movie is almost pure formula, elevated out of the realm of the mediocre on the sheer strength of McCarthy's bravura turn.
Writing jokes is hard. Writing potentially funny situations is marginally easier, but only because the potential doesn't have to be realized before the paycheck is cashed.
Bullock and McCarthy have the sort of comedic chemistry that studios could chase for decades and never successfully manufacture. The moment they share a scene together, it's like magic. It's alchemy. THE HEAT turns into something beyond special.
Has some funny moments.
A great comedy of contrasts. Channels the same anarchic spirit as last year's 21 Jump Street, delivering a wild and enjoyable ride of nicely balanced verbal sparring and physical comedy.
While Bullock and McCarthy have a fine degree of chemistry, they are drowning in bad material.
Bullock and McCarthy make a great team and one that will keep you laughing throughout.
It's great to see a supporting cast that consists of comedy heavyweights Jane Curtin, Bill Burr and newcomer Adam Ray.
Much of The Heat's success can be credited to Melissa McCarthy and while the film offers a fair amount of belly-laughs it also includes plenty of missed opportunities.
While Sandra Bullock and Melissa McCarthy have fantastic presence and chemistry, there isn't much of what you'd call plot.
If this were funny, The Heat would add up to your average buddy-cop comedy. Except that it's not funny, at least not very and not often.
There's an edgy but rewarding chemistry between Bullock and McCarthy that makes me wish they were attached to a less foul-tasting premise.
Female buddy-cop comedy mixes humor, violence, drinking.
It's about time there was a cop comedy featuring girls!
Laughter can be magical. It can also be crass. In the formidable person of Melissa McCarthy it is typically both. And no director seems to know what to do with that tension quite like Paul Feig.
The majority of the project moves at a smooth pace driven by the symbiotic relationships between McCarthy's energetic and Bullock's controlled performances.
It's a breezy, low-impact good time that distinguishes itself as a comedy starring two women... by being almost indistinguishable from any other pleasant comedies starring anyone else.
Even with its nearly two-hour run time, The Heat is consistently funny.
McCarthy is famous for her willingness not only to ignore the limits of civilized behaviour, but to actively shred them. Here, though, her crude sloppiness becomes a one-note characterization.
It's not really such a great achievement to have women cops in the movies acting as boorish and rowdy as their male counterparts.
There's enough inspiration in front of and behind the camera to push it beyond its formula trappings, but trumping that is how consistently it doles out good jokes.
Big question. Is The Heat a good movie and really funny, or am I just in love with Melissa McCarthy?
Directed by Paul Feig, who helmed "Bridesmaids", "The Heat" plays the tired FBI vs. local authorities card, as in, who has the jurisdiction? Feig cleary struck gold with "Bridesmaids". Unfortunately his magic touch is mostly uninspired here.
... a rapid-fire script and the inspired pairing of Bullock and McCarthy make 'The Heat' one of the funniest films of the year so far.
The f-bomb isn't just used, it is part of McCarthy's character's breathing process. Frankly, after the 38th f-you, it had gone beyond boring.
Every actor knows it's harder to be funny than tragic, yet Sandra Bullock and Melissa McCarthy make it look like rolling off a log in The Heat. And when that log catches fire, the criminals in Boston turn into cinders.
Bullock and McCarthy, in this rowdy, raunchy buddy-cop comedy, make a terrific team.
The Heat may be more of the same buddy cop stuff, but the stars lend it extra punch where it counts.
Derivative, but funny, thanks to costars and cast. Wasn't that my old view out the Boston Herald windows?
No, "The Heat" didn't miss a single cop-buddy cliché. All it did was place two women in the roles instead of two men. Kudos for doing that, but give the women something to work with. Yuk!
Depressingly mediocre. Even the gags that worked in the red-band trailer fall flat.
Not only is this movie destined to be the comedy hit of the summer, but it is also pound-for-pound the funniest movie to come along since the original 'The Hangover.'
Standard-issue for the point-and-shoot style that trains a camera on improvising actors. The outtakes might be hilarious.
As it stands, it's bloated and redundant, with the new XX chromosome shell adding nothing to the mix. 'The Heat' is lukewarm at best (Full Parental Review also available)
It's a comedy where the laughs are considered first, the story second, and the characters least of all.
The Heat come, they conquer, and they leave you laughing.
Bullock has played this role so many times you wonder why she's bothering. And while McCarthy can be brilliant in small doses, her foul-mouthed tough gal bit wears thin quickly.
The movie is rarely funny and the "high concept" part usually means the lowest common denominator. And that is another way of saying The Heat is stupid.
[Feig] clearly enjoys the spectacle of women behaving badly, and gives his stars - and particularly McCarthy - plenty of room and improv time to knock back shots, bust a move and beat up men until they squeal like little girls.
This is a fairly dark comedy about some crass and sometimes cruel people, and director Paul Feig quite solidly establishes that tone from some of its earliest scenes.
After laughing heartily through The Heat, I'm pretty sure I'd watch any future project Paul Feig and Melissa McCarthy team up on. Sorry Rex Reed, you can't deny McCarthy's comedic talent.
'The Heat' is about as generic a movie title as you can get, but calling the Sandra Bullock/Melissa McCarthy film 'The Disappointing F-Bomb Fiasco' may have been a bit too specific.
Worth running out to see for anyone who dares lament that they don't make funny movies like they used to.
You know what would have been funny? If Bullock and McCarthy had switched roles... Instead, we got Miss Congeniality 3: Boston Boogaloo.
Give these ladies a genuinely smart, funny script -- and give McCarthy more to play than what has become a tiresome tomboy shtick -- and there's no telling what liberated heights they can reach.
It's disappointing that "The Heat" doesn't do more than take an established film template - in this case, the buddy-cop flick - throw in a Tarantino-size helping of F-bombs, cast a couple of women and call it a day.
It's a slob comedy that goes with crippling speed from smart to dumb and then from dumber to dumbest.
Bullock specializes in awkward and uptight, McCarthy in aggressive and unfiltered. "The Heat" makes the most of those differences.
The Heat is the best female buddy-cop movie since, well, ever.
The cookie-cutter plot might have worked if the jokes were good.
It's no classic, but it has the most important thing that a comedy needs: laughs.
Snarky and scruffy, it's filled with cliche'd, odd couple bantering and punctuated with raunchy, profane dialogue.
One wonders ... what the future holds for Ms. McCarthy's career if every new film is going to exploit her more shamelessly than the previous one.
[The stars] deserve a much stronger showcase than this Laurel & Hardy Go Policin' vehicle.
Bullock can do a double-takes better than any actress working today, and boy, does force-of-nature McCarthy give her plenty to work with.
McCarthy owns this movie, but nearly everyone in it is hilarious.
Go in expecting greatness and you might be disappointed. Anticipate having a good time and this movie will deliver.
The screen team of the season , Bullock and McCarthy , deliver a sizzling hot summer comedy. Over the top , but undeniable fun.
Although one wishes the case itself required a bit more of the uncanny sleuthing initially exhibited by Ashburn, Dippold's concentrated on character dynamics and director Paul Feig ("Bridesmaids") lets his actors rip.
'The Heat' is a decent movie. McCarthy and Bullock are outstanding.
You can walk out for popcorn and not miss a thing. You can also simply walk out and not miss a thing.
So outrageously funny it makes up for a disappointing third act.
With a screenplay so childish it might as well have been written in Crayola, The Heat is at its best when it simply gives the tremendously talented McCarthy room to improvise.
The Heat is fresher than a lot of the male-centric movies it takes off from, because there's little about aggressive guy banter that hasn't been worn to the ground by Hollywood.
An uninspired formula comedy that wastes every iota of that talent on a movie genre that should have been retired at least five years ago.
Employs any and all means necessary to get at least a chuckle out of most scenes in the nearly two-hour running time.
An action comedy starring Sandra Bullock and Melissa McCarthy as odd-couple cops that rivals Goodfellas for its use of F-bombs and Lethal Weapon for its appealing chemistry.
Unfortunately, beyond the gender shift, The Heat's principal characters aren't particularly funny creations.
The Heat is kind of a mess, but it's a funny mess.
From the moment she barrels onto the scene like a cannonball of crudity, McCarthy makes it clear that this movie is hers to make or break. And she knocks it right out of Fenway Park ...
Bullock and McCarthy have excellent rapport, and there are enough funny moments in their banter to make The Heat a worthy addition to the buddy-cop canon.
"The Heat" has been engineered to deliver the laughs, and the result certainly does, despite coming alarmingly near to botching the procedural elements along the way.
It's not much of a movie - too many spare scenes keep the plot from moving forward, distending an already bloated two-hour running time - but it's a fun ride bolstered by an "anything goes" edge.
A crude, low-brow audience-pleaser that will hit the funny bones of both performers' fan bases ...
"The Heat" is a good movie and a successful action comedy, and it arrives just in time for Melissa McCarthy... (it) is something of a formula comedy, but it's inspired, too - and the inspiration is in the combining of these two actresses.
There probably won't be a funnier movie this year that features female bonding, drunken dancing, grenade launchers and a seriously botched emergency tracheotomy.
Well, it's no 'Bridesmaids'. But, mostly thanks to the game and magically paired Sandra Bullock and Melissa McCarthy, a predictable script delivers some real good laughs.
Whatever potential The Heat held in Dippold's original script is transformed into a bloated carcass of a comedy, executed with maximum shrillness and surprising indifference.
The volatile chemistry between Ms. McCarthy and Ms. Bullock is something to behold, and carries "The Heat" through its lazy conception and slapdash execution.
The Heat has no right to be as funny as it turns out to be.
More often than not The Heat is just stupid-funny, which circles us back to McCarthy, motor-mouthing four-letter fury like an operatic aria.
With so few women afforded the opportunity to steer the course of a movie - any movie, on screen or off - even a formulaic vehicle such as "The Heat" arrives as a surprise and a relief.
The meeting of McCarthy's stinging zingers and Bullock's practiced exasperation almost justifies The Heat, but it's more of a lob than a fastball.
... barely disguised plagiarism conjuring ghosts of buddy-cop movies past, but in the end [Melissa] McCarthy saves the day
"The Heat" would be a fairly ordinary entry in the female buddy cop genre except ... there is no genre yet. Happily, Melissa McCarthy may single-handedly change that.
Those two women are lots of fun together.
When it clicks, when McCarthy is clearly riffing and Bullock floundering in the Judd-Apatow-school-of-comedy style to which we have become accustomed, the movie is good for cheap summer laughs. But after Bridesmaids, don't blame us for being let down.
A stumbling, aggressively loud and profane cop buddy picture in which Bullock and McCarthy struggle to wring 'funny' out of a script that isn't.
It's a buddy-cop comedy that deserves to share a locker room with "The Other Guys" and "21 Jump Street."
With the film, Melissa McCarthy definitively cements her status as a legitimate comic talent, leaving her co-star stumbling behind in her wake.
If you're going to make a dopey, bawdy, foul-mouthed, predictable lady-buddy-cop movie, you might as well make it funny.
They know how to work a joke, hit a punchline, and inject just enough character to make it feel three-dimensional. They're reason enough to see The Heat even if one wishes the film around them was up to their talents.
The Heat may be the most tragic blunder since Pryzbylewski gunned down that plainclothes cop in Season 3 of The Wire.
Is it possible that Melissa McCarthy needs to be more abrasive?
There's a discussion to be had about why this is the only major movie this summer with two women in the lead roles - but it's hard to have a serious discussion when you're laughing.
An unevenly matched buddy-cop comedy that amounts to a feature-length showcase for Melissa McCarthy riffing.
Good comedy often comes from surprise and creativity, but The Heat tries to get by without them.
McCarthy is the female equivalent of Adam Sandler, and that's not meant as a compliment.
A script riddled with buddy cop clichés is saved by the fun dynamic between Bullock and McCarthy.

@highlight

The Heat is predictable, but Melissa McCarthy is reliably funny and Sandra Bullock proves a capable foil.