It is a sparkling film, an American Borsalino, with sharp, clever dialogue, directed at a fine pace and with a good eye for period detail by George Roy Hill.
As for Newman and Redford, they have developed a form of instant communication. Words are not as important as they way they look at each other. Call it as snow job or call it acting, it is very pleasing to watch.
The Sting remains the definitive con artist comedy: as irresistible and ingenious as the scheme that hooks in Doyle.
Redford and Newman provide the real sting.
The sting itself is as audacious as it is elaborate, but the real pleasure comes from the chemistry between the two leads, the lovingly created 1930s settings and Marvin Hamlisch's inspired reworking of Scott Joplin's music.
A perfectly calibrated machine designed to be as entertaining as possible in as many ways as possible.
A masterfully smooth grift that's built on golden-age savvy but never feels like a rose-tinted throwback.
a brilliant piece of moviemaking that is extremely watchable and completely enjoyable, even almost 40 years after it was made
A great pick for repeat viewings.
Smart, stylish caper -- but not for kids.
Newman and Redford pass a few facial expressions between them and try to cool each other out. If there ever was much of a script, it can be said to have gone to waste.
Overrated, overlong and unconvincing formulaic comedy caper that relies heavily on star power.
The Sting still holds up as a beautifully constructed piece of mainstream entertainment with two stars burning brightly and staying on the right side of smug.
Extremely handsome production values and a great supporting cast round out the virtues.
The camaraderie between the two principal actors is almost as appealing as it was in Butch Cassidy.
Vastly overrated.
Top-notch entertainment.
A sly heist-style caper the joyously relives the Roaring Twenties
this Depression-era comedy cashes in on the individual charm of Paul Newman and Robert Redford and the strong chemistry between them, also evident in Butch Cassidy and Sundance Kid.
The film ends up relying on different chapter headings to explain what's going on, but it's all very professional, with fine attention to period detail.
Still fairly entertaining, though its tricky twists have been co-opted by many subsequent films, and there's no getting around the fact that [it's] way too long.
It's one of cinema's most beloved heist movies, and for good reason.
The film is so good-natured, so obviously aware of everything it's up to, even its own picturesque frauds, that I opt to go along with it.
The movie has a nice, light-fingered style to it.
Often imitated, very seldom approximated.
Styrofoam.
Do I need to say anything? One of the greatest heist/con movies ever.
Robert Redford and Paul Newman prove once again they're a winning team on screen, as the young buck who's looking for guidance, and the handsome wisened sot who's willing to help out.
If only Scott Joplin were around to collect the royalties.
A wonderful caper film that the first-time out has you guessing what comes next. Unfortunately, it does not hold up on repeated viewings with all the surprises gone.
These con men are fascinating guys.
Amazingly pure entertainment.
This film is so slick it's practically frictionless.
In all, it's one of the year's funniest.
Way before Guy Ritchie's polished bad boy style and hugely complicated plot twists pulled in the punters, The Sting pioneered the genre.
Magnificent, timeless stuff.
This is just about as perfect as movies come.



















@highlight

Paul Newman, Robert Redford, and director George Roy Hill prove that charm, humor, and a few slick twists can add up to a great film.