Director Steve McQueen finds beauty in the squalor. And to his credit, he doesn't sermonize or take sides.
There is very little context, because on the inside, prison has no context. There is just horror. And maybe, sometimes, in the least expected places, beauty.
There is no attempt to set Sands up as a great martyr, no Jesus pose or sentimental music to manipulate emotions. Hunger is interested in none of this. Instead, [McQueen] lets the bodies that sacrificed themselves tell the story they created.
The stylistic palette of McQueen's picture, and its grasp of cinematic vocabulary, elevate the film to a purely visceral realm, so that it seems to bypass your eyes and ears and go straight for your nerve endings.
Mr. Sands's story loosely serves as a framework that joins together a series of filmic gallery installations that graphically explore the fragility of the human body.
McQueen thus succeeds in manufacturing a palpable intensity (some of it very difficult to watch), but retreats into individual subjectivity when it might do better to open out into the larger political arena.
In such extreme circumstances, the human body may be the last desperate frontier of protest. Hunger makes this all too clear.
In the desolate surrounds of a prison environment that affronts humanity McQueen finds the redemptive struggles, and unrelenting spirit in the feces smeared walls of a British prison.
...simultaneously harsh and gentle; an early shot of a tiny snowflake melting on bloodied knuckles could serve as the movie's logo.
Hunger will leave you feeling emotionally battered and bruised -- yet emerging from the cinema a stronger person for having witnessed such a beautiful and brutal film.
Not just the toughest film of the year but amongst the toughest ever made.
Hunger is tough going -- and compelling cinema throughout.
Politically, Bobby Sands' suicide meant nothing, but it illustrated poisonous lengths to which someone would go in protecting the only reality he ever knew. This is terrorism's pox, and why the Troubles - though stabilized - still bear the scars of shame.
As pretentious as it is engrossing...
Director Steve McQueen delivers one the more memorable debut features of the last several years.
a film of great visceral directness and emotional power
A poetic, almost abstract take on very real, tangible material -- a fitting artistic approach to a surreal, extreme experience most human beings will not have on their own.
... a study in the deterioration of the human body... and the will it takes to endure such self-mortification in the name of cause.
Spurious transcendence and underlined symbolism
Yes, "Hunger" is a fairly nasty affair and we don't even get to the starvation part until the third act.
If you're going to make a film about an extremist, it makes sense to tell the story using extreme or at least unusual techniques.
It's as stubbornly inscrutable as its subjects.
"Hunger" pushes through the cliches of both prison films and political films to make something original, powerful and hard to shake.
Seriously brutal.
Steve McQueen's Hunger is a daring, brutal, vital piece of filmmaking.
Midway through the movie there's an epic 24-minute scene...in the claustrophobic cell block the protesters have already internalized their cause so deeply that the world of words seems distant and inconsequential.
An alternately harrowing and poetic take on the fatal 1982 hunger strike of Irish Republican Army prisoner Bobby Sands, Hunger is also one of the most impressive feature directing debuts in years.
It's a strength of this carefully composed, almost obsessively controlled picture that it has no interest in the conventional biographical focus on a subject.
Hunger is daunting and powerful work.
It's by Irish video artist Steve McQueen (yes, that's his name), and it's his visually arresting take on the 1981 hunger strike by IRA leader Bobby Sands, ultimately leading to his death, and the deaths of nine other inmates at Belfast's Maze Prison.
Hunger is not about the rights and wrongs of the British in Northern Ireland, but about inhumane prison conditions, the steeled determination of IRA members like Bobby Sands, and a rock and a hard place.
The film is stunning. Bare, minimalist, stark and based in a hardened reality that's as hypnotic as it is horrific, this is as gut-wrenching an exercise into documentary-like historical fiction as any I'm ever likely to see.
You can keep your 3-D, thanks. We'll take McQueen's ability to fill in all the dimensions.
Hunger -- the disturbing, provocative, brilliant feature debut from British director Steve McQueen -- does for modern film what Caravaggio did to Renaissance painting.
One of the most powerful things movies can do is help us understand people whose behavior seems foreign and inexplicable. By that standard, Hunger is a smashing success.
Relying on images more than words, it's a plea for humanity in times of insanity.
Hunger is an upsetting, vivid film about going to the ultimate extreme in defense of one's beliefs.
This is strong stuff, a tour of hell on Earth presented in scenes of unbearable tension and pulse-spiking violence. Hunger ends as something else, though, in a vision of transcendence and grace.
Hunger is an intense movie-going experience, one that will leave you both drained and uplifted.
You don't need to understand the entirety of Hunger's backstory to appreciate the filmmaking.
It's horrific. But Hunger displays uncommon intelligence and visual panache, transcending the goal of making the situation seem real. It feels more than real. It's art.
McQueen has taken the raw materials of filmmaking and committed an act of great art.
In the end, it is not Bobby Sands but Michael Fassbender we are looking at, and this realization takes us out of the movie just as surely as (for me) De Niro's fattening up did in Raging Bull.
Although a fictional documentary of a story that has been covered extensively there is nothing like seeing the on-screen portrayal of a man slowly dying for a cause.
McQueen shows Sand's skin and bones then his blurred view of the ceiling, always striking a balance between static, distant observation and the taste of abraded knuckles.
A visually ravishing tour of hell and a meditation on freedom that at best is wordlessly profound and at worst interestingly obscure.
In the end, even though I recognized the need to be reminded of Guantánamo and of crimes carried out there, I was awed but not moved by Hunger.
It's rigorous, evocative, and, in spite of its grisly imagery, elegant. It's a triumph -- of masochistic literal-mindedness.
"Hunger" comes off as a piece of stunt filmmaking that places physical reality above historic relevance. The film is as opaque as its title.
Heartbreaking, poignant, haunting and captivating from start to finish.
A mesmerizing 96 minutes of cinema, one of the truly extraordinary filmmaking debuts of recent years.
Regardless of politics, one must grant McQueen's substantial gifts, which bring to mind Paul Greengrass in another Northern Ireland film, Bloody Sunday.
With calm, deliberate attention -- an approach at once compassionate and dispassionate -- Hunger explores physical extremity and political extremism.
That a film this masterful is the product of a first-time filmmaker is astonishing. The harrowing, contemplative Hunger is, without question, one of the gutsiest, most self-assured initial films ever made.
a starkly realistic counterpoint to the often-lyrical treatment in film of the British/Irish "Troubles."
So effectively depicts a special kind of hell that it makes you root for those poor sons-of-bitches in the prison regardless of what they may have done to earn their place there.
Shockingly immediate and philosophically reflective, Hunger is an indelibly moving tribute to what makes us human.
Young British writer-director Steve McQueen's directorial debut is an emotionally devastating drama that isn't for the squeamish.
The contrast of procedural English police maneuvers with the feral panic of the Republican prisoners is riveting to witness, colored fascinatingly by McQueen's unspoken moments of reflection as both sides process the daily blasts of violence.
For your art-house pleasure and discomfort, here's one of the most talked-about film-festival triumphs of 2008, a disturbingly avid re-creation of the last six weeks in the life and slow, self-imposed wasting of Irish hunger striker Bobby Sands.
As prison-movie machismo, Walter Hill's Undisputed is better; as visual art, Jan Troell's Everlasting Moments is superior.
A harrowing yet lyrical account of the fatal hunger strike of Irish Republican Army prisoner Bobby Sands in the Maze Prison, Northern Ireland, in 1981.
I've seen Hunger three times, and with each screening, the spectacle of violence, suffering, and pain becomes more awful and more awe-inspiring.
Let's just pray this incendiary flick doesn't reignite civil unrest in the region.
Hunger is a searing experience. Just don't expect to have much of an appetite when it's over.
It's a brilliant work of power, maturity and vision that should not be missed.
Minimalist in its approach and unconventionally structured, the film functions more as a stylistic exercise than an exercise in putting forth a hard-line political agenda or a sociopolitical point of view.
This is a lean, spare film, which is highly visual. There are long stretches of film with no dialog.
Death of a Terrorist
Em sua estréia como diretor, McQueen exibe uma surpreendente segurança na concepção de seus planos, alternando com inteligência entre elaborados planos-seqüência e fascinantes planos estáticos e longos, jamais perdendo controle da narrativa.
Breathtaking. Astonishing. My pick for Best Picture of the Year. See this for one of cinema's greatest ever scenes, tagged as "The Scene".
A stunning debut, and the most powerful film at the 2008 Cannes Film Fest, Hunger captures the life and death of a major figure in U.K. politics, beautifully played by Michael Fassbender, who should become an international star.
More concerned with Bobby Sands's bed sores than his politics. A movie apparently inspired by Mel Gibson's "Passion". The Irish revolutionaries, whatever their flaws, deserved something more like "The Wind that Shakes the Barley".
A gut-wrenching prison drama that can be compared to Jonas Mekas's brutal 1957 film 'The Brig.'
The farther I got from the queasy beauty of McQueen's movie, the more I hated it.
An unconventional biopic that tells in an aesthetic no-holds-barred way the harrowing story of Irish Republican Army activist Bobby Sands.
In a minimalist way which uses visuals to explain the deepest ideological divides and a single, 17 minute take to clarify all motives, McQueen condenses four decades of fighting into a single, epic overture.
[The] unflinching camera, deliberate pacing and maddeningly long takes (including a 10-minute, single-shot conversation that, while hypnotic, belongs on stage) just amplify the story's innate harshness and test audience endurance levels.
Hunger stands as one of the year's finest movies, full of imagery and ideas that will stay with you long after this piece of powerhouse art has ended.
If 1996's "Some Mother's Son" told this same story for the average filmgoer, McQueen's film is for the more adventurous and patient cinephile.
An artistically accomplished film that also serves as an endurance test for the level of sadomasochism audiences can tolerate in service of a history lesson.
Hunger may be criticized for being willfully arty, or for reducing a complex political situation to a broadly allegorical vision of martyrdom, but it's never less than visually stunning.
No struggle is ever as simple as good versus evil: In this jail, it's the stubborn, vengeful and frightened versus the vengeful, frightened and stubborn.
A riveting, harrowing true story that forces us to examine exactly what's involved in putting your life on the line for a cause
A remarkable directorial debut from British artist Steve McQueen, who co-wrote the screenplay.
The most harrowing, moving and original drama I've seen this year.
It is as unyielding as the men it documents...but refuses to force a judgement or demand sympathy.
This is filmmaking at its most powerful.
A consistently powerful and harrowing true story -- and a well-told one. Simply watching it is somehow physically uncomfortable, but it's also rewarding.
One of the great films of the year: stark, brave andunforgettable.
...a very striking and impressive debut
There's suspense here, but also a terrible sadness at the conflict itself and how men on both sides of the argument are destroyed by fanaticism.
A feast of cinema, albeit harrowing and confronting
Overtly political and unashamedly biased, McQueen's devastating film is shocking, disturbing and painful to watch. It is also an extremely powerful piece of cinema
Achieving truth through beauty, Hunger is an art movie in the deepest sense.
Whatever your opinion, there is no denying McQueen packs more powerful imagery into his feature-length debut than most directors manage in a lifetime.
The message, I guess, is that incarceration dehumanises both prisoner and guards alike. Here it also serves to exasperate audiences.
More pro-terrorist propaganda.
Hunger is breeze-block heavy, an unforgettable portrait of battered and self-battering masculinity, a visceral and vitally important reawakening of repressed memories.
There is an avoidance of affect and a repudiation of the traditional liberal-lenient gestures of dialogue, dramatic consensus and narrative resolution. This is a powerful, provocative piece of work, which leaves a zero-degree burn on the retina.
Anchored by Fassbender's turn, Hunger is as much about the personal as the political. The real breakthrough, though, is McQueen, who turns in a film that dazzles and challenges in equal measure.
Imagine how most filmmakers would tell this story and then see 'Hunger': the differences are bold and powerful and restore faith in cinema's ability to cover history free from the bounds of texts and personalities.
Intense, disturbing and powerful mix of vision and detail: a recreation of a terrible time combined with a vivid and distinctive artistic sensibility. Truly powerful filmmaking.
Ultimately, the one thing that can't be questioned is McQueen's bold and unflinching talent.
Ambitious, technically excellent in its documentary-like immediacy, and played with true conviction by Fassbender (whose weight-loss is enough to make you wince), Hunger nonetheless leaves the brain undernourished.
No sides are taken: each man's arguments are given due weight and it's clear why, despite mutual respect, there's a gulf between them.
Riveting but uncomfortable. No masterpiece.
McQueen understands the first principle of cinema. On either side of its middle section, where the very wordiness stands ironic witness to the ultimate impossibility to explain, Hunger has the power and hieratic integrity of silent cinema.
Because the film does not signal any partiality, one's focus inevitably turns on the revolting deterioration of Sands' body - it's a remarkable performance by Michael Fassbender.
McQueen has not just made a striking film. He has forced us to see how we might behave in strained and unfamiliar circumstances when those who rule us lead us into the mire.
One of the most brutal, devastating things I have seen in long time, and I cannot imagine that a more seasoned director would have been able to improve upon it.
It's a brilliant portrayal of a tragic moment in human history.
Powerful, pertinent but not entirely perfect.
Trite, grim and feebly provocative.
This is a stunning debut feature.
Turner Prize-winning artist Steve McQueen makes an impressive feature debut.
McQueen's film is a nuanced masterpiece that never flaunts its artistry, but uses it humbly to serve the all-important story.
McQueen's film is not so much an attempt to reopen old wounds as a cinematic portrait of the wound itself, a visceral embodiment of politics at the very cellular level of those who engage in it.
Given... the prevailing 'us vs. them' anti-opposition mentality, it's reassuring to see a movie like Hunger that assumes the perspective of the stalwart revolutionary.
Fassbender's commitment to the role is astounding.
Especially during his opening sequences, McQueen's visual eye proves sharp.
Despite the filth, the violence and the desolation, McQueen's portrait is a thing of brutal beauty in terms of its composition.
Indicating stubbornness in all camps, and also divided sympathies, the film wisely concentrates on prisoners and officials in Belfast's new Maze Prison.
A harrowing glimpse of the steely resolve and commitment to freedom of IRA leader Bobby Sands who starved himself to death in prison in 1981.

@highlight

Unflinching, uncompromising, vivid and vital, Steve McQueen's challenging debut is not for the faint hearted, but it's still a richly rewarding retelling of troubled times.