Cars 3 is The Fast and furious back when it was strictly about being fast and furious, please believe me.
...the first Pixar movie to feel tedious.
It's a decent film. It's not bad, it's not good. If you have kids, it's a good family flick.
I walked out of this movie tired.
For the first 15 minutes or so Cars 3 seems like a dash-for-the-cash affair. Then Disney does what they do best: they get viewers emotionally involved with the characters.
It's a fun film set in a vivid world with not one but two characters who, by the end, have learnt some real lessons and had some fun along the way.
Pixar's sequels haven't always been up to their usual standard; however, "Cars 3" finally takes a step up after a thoroughly uncharacteristic predecessor.
In beautiful fashion, McQueen essentially uses his ego to boost the near nonexistent confidence of Cruz and her aspirations of becoming a racer
Cars 3... returns to roads already traveled. [Full review in Spanish]
If you think it's just another Pixar film, then you're right, it absolutely is. And that's what makes it so wonderful and so worth having.
Cars 3 is a decent reconstituted Rocky with a bizarre faux feminist subplot and beautiful animation.
The worst installment of the worst Pixar franchise. [Full review in Spanish]
It's a sparkling scenic ride with its gorgeous animation, and possibly the best of the series (yes, it's a low bar), but the story falls short of true glory.
Owen Wilson is cheerful as Lightning McQueen, enough to watch him running around in circles on and off a race track.
The background animation is stunning but Brian Fee, who steps up from storyboard artist to both direct and co-write for the first time, delivers a story that too often falls flat, has too many new characters and not enough old favourites.
There is also much heart and humour, making this a satisfying and nostalgic last ride.
The acceptance arrives in a too-tidy conclusion, which gives him his cake and lets him eat it too. That is, if cars could eat.
Cars 3 could be a lot worse. We know that. We already had Cars 2.
Cars 3, which picks up where the first, perfectly adequate, film left off, is by far the best instalment in the series.
As usual with Pixar, the film looks like a moving work of digital art, though its inordinate length might test the patience of six year olds who will love the brilliantly staged action but not all the exposition-heavy dialogue.
'Cars 3' fires on all cylinders.
It comes together beautifully in the closing half-hour with a finale that will satisfy audiences while also offering a few surprising twists.
While the issue of this contrived world continues to niggle (a herd of mooing tractors?), the comedy and energy will keep audiences entertained.
It's unlikely that this will be the only review to drop this pun, but the biggest feeling we are left with by this third Cars instalment is one of being down this road before.
There's not enough wit in Brian Fee's film, however, to make it one that has to be seen, or one that really had to be made.
The tills in the Disney Stores should keep ringing ... thanks to a string of slick and moderately exciting racing scenes.
It's a colourful, spry enough ride, but it doesn't exactly reinvent the wheel.
The protagonist is punished for his arrogance and rewarded for his eagerness to overcome. That is to say, abounding episodes and dialogues moralizing rather than humorous, again in charge of secondary characters. [Full review in Spanish]
There's a nice twist involving a female car called Cruz, and the animation in the racing sequences is very good.
A movie that doesn't bother, but it does not bring anything memorable and that, although little bit, does not even reach the level of the first. [Full review in Spanish]
The third film in Disney-Pixar's Cars franchise is a back-to-basics journey of sorts, which reverts back to a more old-fashioned style of storytelling while also still managing to embrace some contemporary thinking.
Cars 2 clocked up penalty points from critics after 2011's poorly received outing. Luckily, Pixar's third chapter in the franchise has just enough fuel to stay in the race.
Nothing exceptional but I am still moved just thinking about that ending.
Three movies in, and this world of sentient driverless cars still creeps me out, and still does nothing except advertise a mountain of related merch for kids.
It's shiny, kid-friendly fun - just don't expect it to tug on the heartstrings, or live particularly long in the memory.
A welcome return to the winners' podium.
If you can detach your noggin from the proceedings, there are definitely bright spots.
It took only minutes before I was going 'Awwww!' at Lightning's insecurities about growing old and being overtaken by arrogant youngsters (we've all been there).
A movie that aims to reach the hearts and minds of its pre-teen target demographic with a tale about the perils of retirement.
The new proposal of Pixar-Disney recovers the sensitivity and solidity of the first delivery of this popular and unjustly despised saga. [Full review in Spanish]
Despite not being at the height that Pixar has accustomed us, it's a dynamic and competent film. [Full review in Spanish]
This has everything required to keep fans sated and deals with Lightning McQueen getting old in a nice way, but it feels like filler to sell toys.
Cars 3 has some pure marketing operation, but works as entertainment with substance and inspirational message. [Full review in Spanish]
Its plot ... blossoms into something more profound than the Rocky sequel-esque comeback yarn you initially expect.
Cars 3 could make a rental download for a rainy family holiday, but the imaginative spark has gone.
Cars 3 itself is a sprightly and likeable film because it shares Lightning's self-effacing qualities and his nostalgic fondness for looking at life through the rear view mirror.
The racing scenes are played surprisingly straight, and are thrilling examples of animated sports.
Brian Free presents us his debut film, and as such, gives us a result that is superior to the second movie, but not as entertaining as the first one. [Full review in Spanish]
A final act plot point shows the only sign that this franchise has matured beyond its original 'heh, talking cars' premise, but it takes a lot of autopiloting to get there.
Corporate synergy, as they say, is a cruel mistress.
The Cars saga comes to an apparent close with this hopelessly ineffective and fairly superfluous entry...
Between its wonderful voice performances and eye-popping animation, there isn't too much to complain about, especially as a follow-up to Pixar's nadir.
There is no perfect plan for growing old, but giving up is still up to you. Good movie; great message.
Cars 3 is revealed as a logical next step that serves to introduce children to sports drama. [Full review in Spanish]
The movie is standard narrative fare, presented in a thoughtful, visually compelling way. Cars 3 is not trying to be innovative, and that is the central part of its appeal.
If you thought the previous films were entertaining and harmless fun then you'll think this one is much the same.
This is a half-tank animated film, which risks boring children more than adults. [Full review in Spanish]
Of course it's not at the same level of Pixar's best works and feels loose a lot of the time, but it's beautifully animated and quite entertaining. [Full review in Spanish]
The route the filmmakers take might be familiar, but after gunning it, they take the corners like pros.
It's Pixar's gift for imbuing inanimate objects with humanity that makes you care when Cruz and Lightning lean into the curves.
Serviceable sequel, which finds some of the spirit the first two films lacked, but ultimately not up to Pixar's high standards.
It took Pixar three movies and billions of dollars in merchandising, but Cars is finally a title worthy of this label. [Full review in Spanish]
It's basically one long training montage, from about ten minutes in until ten minutes from the end.
Has a trick up its glovebox that makes this film the best of the series.
Whether Lightning's midlife crisis will resonate with the movie's kiddie audience remains to be seen, but Fee and company get points for bringing it up at all.
Cars 3 does just enough, late in the day, to be considered an adequate sequel to Cars. And that ending might even pave the way for a Cars 4 I wouldn't mind seeing too much at all.
Cars 3 is basically Rocky IV -- minus the geopolitics and that glorious James Brown production number -- with a little of The Karate Kid thrown in, along with pretty much every sports movie cliche ever.
[Pixar has] become just like everyone else. And nothing so very special after all.
While it might be a little too serious for some youngsters, there's plenty of action and adventure to keep them entertained.
Though this third installment in the Cars franchise isn't quite perfect, the gorgeous animation displayed here will leave you astonished.
Cars 3 is a much smoother, safer ride [than Cars 2], thanks largely to its addition of a little self-awareness, a few zippy racing sequences, and a lot of wokeness.
It's definitely time to take this franchise to the wreckers.
Your kids might see this and want a Lightning McQueen lunchbox, but I just want my sense of wonder back and maybe to fight Randy Newman.
The story offers an invitation to reflect on the issue of harassment or bullying. The abuser has a story that explains his behavior, and knowing it puts us on the path of understanding. With emotion, of course. [Full review in Spanish]
In conclusion, it's not the best of Disney-Pixar, but it's definitely the best one of the saga because of its life metaphors. [Full review in Spanish]
It doesn't offer anything new but gives us a story about a character struggling to stand on its feet (or tires). [Full review in Spanish]
A reasonably enjoyable family entertainment, but a middling entry in the Pixar canon.
By driving back to the core homespun wisdom of Cars, the third film is a course correct from the second. But this is still not vintage Pixar.
Resolutely sweet-natured and marked by some compelling visuals, Cars 3 is still the weakest of the trio.
Sentiment reigns as the anthropomorphic vehicles take more laps around the cinematic track.
"Cars 3" never fires on all cylinders, but it has considerably more horsepower than the franchise's last chapter
The final chapter of the trilogy has saved the best for last and will at least deflect the most serious concerns of those who think this series has taken too many extra laps.
Definitely better than its predecessor. The film will delight the little ones, as it's a franchise directed specifically to them. [Full review in Spanish]
Lightning strikes again in "Cars 3."
Cars 3 may be an improvement and less of a bummer than its predecessors but if this turned out to be the final of the franchise (and I doubt that will be the case), I would not exactly weep over the prospect of never being able to see a Cars 4.
A puzzling progression for a series whose first and biggest fans are kids.
Cars 3 was the underdog, coming from behind, facing shiny new competition. It was betrayed by its own family, and challenged by Gru. But it saved its best for last. In its final lap, it won. It became the first film in the series Pixar should be proud of.
Aficionados of animated demolition derbies will not be disappointed.
Lightning's return to the motor speedway is worthy of appreciation, the film's eventual victory as unexpected as it is absolute.
You probably won't regret taking the kids to Cars 3, but they won't be missing much if you decide to skip it, either.
Onscreen and in the audience, youth will be served.
Is it Toy Story 3 or Finding Dory? No, but it's an effective send-off to the Cars world and a good choice for the family.
There's enough gas in the tank, barely, to give McQueen one last trip to the winner's circle.
Children have a lot of anxieties, but being made old, useless and surpassed by the new generation might not quite be one of them.
At this point it seems like too much to hope for that any Pixar sequel, let alone a Cars sequel, should function smoothly from start to finish, but at least it ends well.
It's a reasonably diverting, somewhat sluggish attempt to reinstall the "heart" of the first installment.
While you still need to get around those uncomfortable questions like "where do the car children come from?" and "how do they handle tools without thumbs?" this go 'round at least ensures a few tangible rewards if you do.
[T]he best of the series, a sumptuous visual treat with great humor, a big heart, and surprisingly strong messages about inclusion and self-worth.
Some intense scenes in story of empowerment, mentorship.
The worst Pixar to date.
It's all well and good for the under-12s, but this movie never packs the kind of emotional punch we know Pixar is capable of.
Whether or not another Cars movie follows, the series is now back in the fast lane.
Cars 3 offers more heartfelt storytelling and rich animation than its predecessor, yet falls short of raising the bar for the Cars franchise.
It seems the 11-year-hold franchise refuses to acknowledge its own platitudes about retiring with dignity.
Pixar recovers from the nearly intolerably busy Cars 2 with the gently insightful Cars 3, which tells a story about inclusion and purpose that will resonate.
The mediocre franchise returns with an aggressively mediocre sequel.
The vocal work is solid to excellent, while the computer animation is nothing short of amazing to behold. (Full Content Review for Parents - Scary Scenes, etc. - also Available)
Surpasses "Monsters University" to become the worst Pixar movie ever -- not a laugh in it.
We get a lot of repetitive racetrack scenes - only a demolition derby stands out for the inventiveness of its animation - and a familiar message about believing in yourself.
It will keep the young fans happy... but lacks the emotional impact of the far more involving Toy Story sequels.
"Cars 3" hums along the track, and while its heart and humor could use minor tune-ups, it does enough visually to earn a checkered flag and keep this franchise from the scrapheap - for now, at least.
The warmth and heart are back full force in this third-times-the-charm edition of Disney/Pixar's charmer of an animated franchise.
Saying that Cars 3 is better than its predecessor isn't much of a compliment. What matters more is that it hearkens back to original 2006 Cars and winds up on a surprisingly thoughtful note.
Pick a description: sputters and stalls, runs out of gas, starts out with four flats, name one, the list is endless.
Great visual effects and musical score, but it falls flat with dullness while being too low on wit and humor. Sometimes the third time's the charm, but that's not the case with Cars 3 .
If we feel disappointed, it is only because they have set the bar so high.
"Cars 3" features a rather standard champion-turned-underdog plot, but has several things going for it. This second sequel finds a story fit for telling in a follow-up worthy of succeeding the original film.
Cars 3 is a better time at the movies than Cars 2 led me to expect. Not exactly ringing praise but we take amusement from sequels where we can get it these days.
Manages to stay on the road with a measure of charm and goodwill, as well as a nice touch of the bittersweet.
Pixar's level of ambition has always gone beyond producing movies strictly for children, which makes the retread aspects of something like Cars 3 feel a bit more deflating.
There's a baby car cheering on McQueen in the stands - where does he come from exactly?
While Pixar is hardly averse to treating its audience surrogates to the pangs of growing up, Lightning's isn't a reflection of the new worlds that young viewers might themselves be taking on.
Pixar's animated films remain at their best when the company gives free reign to creativity. Just because actual cars come off a conveyor belt doesn't mean movies about them should feel like they do, too.
It's surprising that the slick-looking Cars 3 picks up steam in the emotional big-picture department.
Instead of trying to expand the Cars universe, this third installment brings its cocky hero face to face with his sporting mortality and finds an emotional wellspring that brings up some good things.
Competing subplots and a lack of clarity on who the focus is leaves Cars 3 driving in circles, yet somehow still the best Cars film.
Cars 3 happily gets back to where it belongs, not just to home turf Radiator Springs (for a brief spell) but also to the storytelling essentials of making us care about anthropomorphic automobiles.
While the third Cars lap is an improvement over the zero-depth spy spoofery of the second film, it's not very convincing when it tries to peddle the sense of an ending.
This warmly sentimental G-rated film about facing new realities and recapturing lost dreams has, despite its relatively adult story line, a beguilingly effortless feeling to it, as if it had nothing to prove.
The world of anthropomorphic vehicles is still colorful and lovingly detailed, but the plot is slow-moving and dull, rehashing elements of the first movie.
The underwhelming Cars 3 is the best movie in the series, which says more about the quality of the series than this particular installment.
A boring existential drama about an aging racer's fear of obsolescence. Whee! Vrooom!
[Cars 3] feels like the series, at the end of the road, is running on fumes of nostalgia for its earliest self.
The most emotional and mature delivery of the series. [Full review in Spanish]
Even with an abundance of full-throttle races (rendered in splendid, detailed animation), Cars 3 doesn't travel all that fast for its 111-minutes, prompting some viewers to perhaps check the clock -- not in a good way.
Cars 3 is a lovely, clever and entertaining generational tale with tons of heart, a simple and effective storyline, wonderful candy-colored visuals and winning voice work from the talented cast of returning regulars and welcome newcomers.
It's a stretch to find much joy to take from this story, which chronicles the decline of said Lightning McQueen.
Happily, Cars 3 feels like a course correction, with Mater once again relegated to the role of comic relief and Lightning McQueen back in the lead.
"Cars 3" feels like it may be time for a trade-in.
While all Pixar movies are fine-tuned to keep adults as well as kids engaged, it's still fascinating to see workaday grownup fears addressed so openly.
The freewheeling 'Cars 3' keeps the series on track.
Viewing it is like watching 132 laps at a NASCAR speedway. It's not the sort of additional chapter you would call "eagerly awaited."
Their attention to background animation, be it, gravel, mud, or chunks of steel-belted radial tire debris coming at you in 3-D fires on all cylinders, and the voice acting is bang-on. The story... has a much less firm grip on the track.
Cars 3 isn't remarkable or groundbreaking or even all that memorable, but it's a rock-solid movie that leaves a far better taste in the mouth than its critically panned predecessors.
An amiable but instantly forgettable addition to the series, yet another sign that the Pixar brand is no longer the guarantee of high quality it once was.
Cars 3, much like Toy Story 3, is the perfect opportunity for Pixar to walk away from a much-loved franchise with its head held high, but of course they won't, because money.
...a visually impressive film offering plenty of family fun.
The Cars franchise regains some of its mojo as veteran racing star Lightning McQueen faces up to his ebbing powers.
With this second attempt to expand the world, the pieces fit, giving fans what they want, and doing so with style, heart, and less Mater.
No matter how slack the storytelling can get, the animation conveying that storytelling is borderline miraculous.
By returning to its roots, the series rediscovers its sense of purpose - and its heart.
The first "Cars," such as it is, remains the most appealing in a relatively weak field. But if "Cars 3" pays for another "Ratatouille" or "Inside Out," I say: slum away, slum away.
A kinetic and emotionally resonant sports film that's big on character - and blessedly light on Mater.
Does the world need three Cars movies? Probably not. But after 11 years, various spinoffs and a crap-ton of merchandising, Pixar's talking-vehicles franchise finally produces an instalment that feels like it's about something.
The first of these films to not feel like a commercial for a t-shirt or an amusement park ride.
If you can roll with it, the movie is both breezy fun and a pain-free life lesson delivery vehicle.
The end goal this time out isn't just to sell a few more toys and Lightning McQueen lunchboxes. It's actually tapping into something deeper than a corporate bottom line.
"Cars 3" goes through lots of predictable paces, and for all the emphasis on speed, it takes a long time getting to where it's going.
On the whole, though, Cars 3 feels like a typical sports movie: not meant for me, but amusing enough to keep me from falling asleep.
Has a too-many-cooks feel throughout, and coheres only in the final minutes ...
Surprisingly winning. It expands on the virtues of the first film while all but pretending the second one never happened (Splice Today)
Lacking the magic of Pixar's more tender touchstones, Cars 3 mostly makes you pine for the halcyon summers of Ratatouille or WALL-E, an era that unfortunately continues to recede in the rearview.
There's nothing particularly wrong with Cars 3, but there's also nothing that shows the franchise has found a new gear.
Gets the franchise back on track with a story that U-turns to the heart of the 2006 original.
Despite its lack of originality, as well as its lackadaisical storytelling and world building, it satisfies in that amiably weird way that only a Cars film can.
Pixar's brand can withstand some damage, but there's no denying that a cornball time-burner of a sequel like Cars 3 counts as a big loss.
Less frantic and more thoughtful than its predecessors, Cars 3 manifests itself as an emotional love letter to Cars of 2006. [Full review in Spanish]
First-time director Brian Fee wisely steers the film back to the tone on which it started, one of great affection for big race days and bygone traditions.
Cars 3 is a bit all over the road...But I'd advise just give in and enjoy the joyride, bumpy, bonkers and bittersweet as it is.
Cars 3 doesn't seem to care about defining the contours of its universe or exploring the possibilities of an all-car world.
Solid storytelling, a longtime strength of the best Pixar pictures, elevates "Cars 3" into the pantheon with the studio's finest.
The thoughtful, thrilling finale retroactively complicates and improves much of the film that it caps, and it left me thinking something else impossible: I'd kind of like to see what happens in Cars 4.
The female empowerment subplot feels hollow because it's clearly just more brand extension -- little girls can be consumers of toy cars too! -- than any sort of story development with heartfelt meaning.
Much better than the first, abysmal, sequel.
A self-critical subversion of the conventional comeback narrative which also operates as a metaphorical defense of the CARS franchise.
Cars 3 is both the end of an era and the beginning of a promising future, all wrapped up in an enjoyable, but messy 90-minute film.
I would love to say one of these movies is the fastest, most furious Pixar movie but they can't even give me that! It's right there!
Tells a story that only middle-aged adults staring down the barrel of retirement can fully appreciate, but tells it in such a way that only the littlest of kids could possibly be entertained.
This is a sturdy, mature sports movie about the aging process that -- if the anthropomorphized vehicles were swapped for humans -- wouldn't look out of place in Rocky's oeuvre.
It's not a great movie but Cars 3 gets the franchise off the scrap heap and has its moments, like a pleasant, diverting drive that leaves you back right where you started.
[Director Brian] Fee steers Cars 3 like the sleek piece of movie machinery it is -- a standard ride with a half-full tank, a gorgeous paint job, and not much at all under the hood.
In "Cars 3," champion racer Lightning McQueen grapples with the possibility that his glory days are behind him -- an uncomfortably apt metaphor for a franchise that has run out of gas.
It's not to the level of that first film, but its amiable, ambling nature keeps it from becoming too boxed in by its needlessly contorted plot.
The Cars series finally finds its inner Pixar in its third, much more thoughtful installment.
While visually dynamic, Lightning McQueen's newest challenge still feels out of alignment with a languid end result that lacks sufficient forward momentum.
"Cars 3" is very much a tale of mentorship, of learning how to give up your ego in order to bolster someone else's. As such, it's touching in a pleasingly formulaic, pass-the-torch way.
Some punny lines are painful ... and the plot doesn't even pretend to be unpredictable. But Cars 3 at least tries to put a little extra in the tank this time around.
You know those family movies Pixar really makes for smart adults, too? Movies like "Wall-E" and "Inside Out" and "Up!" that combine fun animation with touching, even bittersweet stories? "Cars 3" is not one of those movies.
Cars 3 is inspiring, heartfelt, and fun. It's everything I wanted from the first two films and a lot more.
"Cars 3" is a welcome return to form that makes you appreciate what made the first, woefully underappreciated film so special and pushes the series into some unexpected places.
Cars 3 is a definite improvement over Cars 2, but it does not even come close to achieving the emotional or dramatic heights that we have come to expect from a proper Pixar film.
As a spawner of merchandise, Cars 3 fires on all pistons but, as a movie, it's a harmless but never stimulating 109 minutes.
There's something badass about a movie aimed squarely at kids that's all about the pains of getting old.
Who knew that adding some emotional weight and unconsciously using some themes from Rocky III could add a little much needed depth and humanity to these sentient automobiles?
Not only the best Cars, but the most mature one as well.

@highlight

Cars 3 has an unexpectedly poignant story to go with its dazzling animation, suggesting Pixar's most middle-of-the-road franchise may have a surprising amount of tread left.