The fast-paced action is amoral and grotesque and the protagonists are amusingly despatched, but ultimately this B-movie homage to David Cronenberg's body horrors is too predictable.
If you fancy a goofy little thrill that's a ray of sunshine compared to the usual glut of gloomy slasher flicks and tawdry torture pornos, The Ruins is just what the doctor ordered.
Tourists vs. flesh-eating vines; guess who wins?
Watchable killer-plant horror movie.
Who really needs to see some guy slice into a woman's lower back, dig around in there with his fingers, and then reel in a four-foot length of tapewormlike vine? I mean, really.
So bereft of creativity that it fails even to deliver to its base--teenage boys--the ghouls and boobs they so desperately want to see.
If it could happen to these kids, smart and beautiful, then it sure as shit is going to happen to me.
Tenso, bem montado e dirigido com segurança e inteligência por Carter (que também extrai boas atuações de seu pequeno elenco), o filme consegue o impossível: transformar plantas assassinas em algo assustador.
Smith's singularly bizarre novel managed what this film cannot: fear and sympathy.
It had me squirming, and the sheer anarchy and amoral chaos involved was refreshing.
... soft-core torture porn that quite literally sets up its pretty, Hollywood protagonists for brutal sacrifice.
Enjoyable, well made and genuinely creepy horror flick that transcends its ridiculous premise thanks to a strong script, some sure-handed direction and superb performances from a talented young cast.
Not just if you're a horror fan but also if you enjoy a well fashioned, slimy yarn to get wrapped up in.
I enjoyed most of the picture, particularly its ending, which much like the rest of the movie, remained pretty dark and pessimistic.
Competent but somewhat slack, modest (and modestly budgeted) shocker that doesn't work quite hard enough to justify its plot mechanics. [Blu-Ray]
...gets bloodier as it goes along, substituting close-up gore for horror, grossness for fright. (Unrated Edition)
Slick, sick stuff, but save the odd squirm, a killer-plant horror that doesn't grow anywhere.
Well filmed and acted, but with a plot as cheesy as a 1950s B-movie, this film is fairly creepy but not very scary
... it's only after you've left the theater that you realize just how totally, utterly ludicrous the movie really is.
It's the kind of film that Sam Raimi might have directed 20 years ago, except that Carter Smith plays it straight, even though he seems to assume the audience won't.
This movie wasn't screened for critics. That's too bad, because this movie was surprisingly well done.
Just when you thought that a horror/thriller movie couldn't get more violent and gruesome; think again!
Catch the amusing ridiculous scenes on You Tube; don't waste any time or money on this film. What a waste it was for me!!
It may be just another white-kids-get-killed chiller, but it's a solidly made white-kids-get-killed chiller; nothing new, yet expertly put together.
THE RUINS has turned over a new leaf in horror and will get inside even the thickest of horror fans' skin.
I was entertained for all the wrong reasons.
Gore hounds will definitely be pleased as The Ruins boasts some of the most sickening blood and guts this side of snuff films.
Loved the book, enjoyed the movie. Jonathan Tucker ably leads a cast of uninteresting co-stars.
These are the beautiful people, and by the end of The Ruins we'll have spent a lot of time watching them go downhill.
While The Ruins has virtually no plot, the characters aren't cardboard cutouts and if you're looking for a cringe-inducing horror movie you may actually enjoy it.
[The filmmakers] avoid unwanted laughs only by resorting to relentless sadism. They let us know right off that nothing good will follow, and they carry it straight through to the abandon-all-hope-and-wait-for-the-sequel ending.
Stripped of the novel's kudzu-like excess, the story loses its timeless, nightmarish, existential power and becomes another cautionary tale in which beautiful and privileged post-9/11 young people learn the world is no longer safe for Americans.
... A strong addition to a genre filled with movies that rarely receive the care that obviously went into its making.
A more than satisfactory scare fest.
...one's interest tends to flag in between the appreciatively gruesome set-pieces...
A very good little horror film with a unique villain that will keep audiences squirming in their seats.
It's just weird: the movie fixed the flaws in the book, but screwed up the stuff that was most effective on the page. Go figure.
A bottle of Roundup would be worth a lot of money in this particular locale. Too bad there's no equivalent product for use on movies like this.
There's really nothing in the film of any entertainment value, not even the inadvertent sort.
Smith directs the movie in a completely rudimentary fashion, straight out of Horror 101.
Drained of any of the suspense that distinguished the novel.
There are a handful of intense sequences and a few scenes of squirm-inducing gore in The Ruins, but not much else. The film is based on Scott Smith's excellent book, but does little to capture the novel's sense of terror and hopelessness.
If you've read The Ruins, you can probably guess there will come a point at which the movie succumbs to silliness. And sure enough, that moment arrives...
a shocking and disturbing experience that slaughters any comedic notions audiences may have after realizing they're watching a movie about killer flowers.
Finally, a horror-thriller that freaks you out and creeps you out without making you downshift your brain into moron mode.
A visit to some ruins, ruins a Mexico holiday for two couples
Whether the result of angry test audiences who don't like downbeat denouements, or just another misguided 'improvement,' the new finale undoes the book's sense of terrible inexorability and relegates a promising premise to just another bloody horror movie
Moral of the story: never visit an out-of-the-way Mexican ruin covered by vines and blood-red flowers that make a squeaking sound.
If you're into grim, relentless drama that acknowledges the grief that comes with unspeakable tragedy (the recent The Descent comes to mind), then you are in luck.
The Ruins does what a good psychological horror movie should do: rely on tension rather than gore to achieve its aims.
In compressing the novel down to a sloppy abridgement, the film fails to capture the eerie portent of its setting.
The usual gore-and-gristle fare, but this one serves it up with a tad more suggestiveness and smarts.
More disgusting than scary, The Ruins is the latest in a long line of horror films about upper-middle-class travelers being terrorized in unfamiliar environments.
As eye-rolling as the premise sounds, and as awful as the trailers make it look, The Ruins is a cut -- or slash, hack and chop, as it were -- above other lowest-common-denominator shockers about victimized vacationers (yes, I mean you, Hostel).
The Ruins is lumpish, static, and obvious. It's a gringos-go-home cautionary fright flick done in the spirit of a cheap '50s horror movie, except that it leaves you longing for the competence of grade-Z studio-system trash.
The Ruins has a quality common enough to vacations but a rarity in horror films: When it's over, you can look back and realize you've been pleasantly surprised.
A surprisingly effective little horror nightmare.
When you've got cute young tourists, an exotic locale (well, sort of: Mexico), ancient Mayan hoodoo and surly peasants with machetes, you expect a bit more than The Ruins gives you, which is: killer plants.
While not as silly as it sounds, it nevertheless is silly (as are most horror films), and while certainly different, the payoff isn't there.
It isn't one of the brightest lights in horror-film history, but it does its job remorselessly and well.
'The Ruins' is a creepy-crawly little film that'll get under your skin and bore its way into your psyche if you let it.
The film's depiction of deteriorating-under-pressure group dynamics comes to an abrupt end just as it gets going
Because the film works so splendidly for so long, the sole misstep that The Ruins takes is a major one, ending on a note of disappointment. What comes before this is superbly crafted and as tight as a vise grip, worth seeing for that alone.
What a lovely movie.
It's both craftily creepy (in a subtle way) and powerfully visceral (in a kick-ass way), plus it delivers its payload in a slick and efficient 91-minute burst of nastiness.
Not quite on par with something like The Descent but close enough to not make you feel as if you've been ripped off.
The Ruins offers further proof that what works on the printed page doesn't necessarily work on the big screen.
Squabbling among the skin-deep characters doesn't induce much sympathy, though thesps do their best.
Paranoia, spinal injuries, psychic distress, impromptu amputations, self-mutilation -- it's all in there, convincingly rendered (the first-rate sound design exacerbates every fracture) and finally pointless.
With Scott Smith's rep and a best-selling horror novel, a sexy location and solid young cast, you'd have hoped the studio would find a director with a little more than a Tommy Hilfiger commercial under his belt.
Not even a fixer-upper, The Ruins should be considered a complete tear-down.
Though commentaries on politics, nature and evolution arise, the film doesn't push them too hard or far as such might detract from the slow building bedlam-which is strikingly satisfying.
To sum up The Ruins, I'll quote one of the characters: "This is so not okay."
The finale of The Ruins makes the film feel like a cheap cop-out ... a claim no one would ever make about the novel.
At once silly, gross and boring...aims to be something more than a generic vacationing-twentysomethings-in-peril movie, [but] its pretensions make it even more ludicrous.
The Ruins is one of the creepiest, most disturbing tales to hit theaters in months. If there is a film that is guaranteed to make your skin crawl, this one is it.
The shift from averting your eyes from the gore to rolling your eyes at the stupid dialogue is enough to give you a headache.
The tourists' fears have infected their very beings, and their decisions are increasingly ineffective precisely because they are based on fear and ignorance.
...like "Touristas" with a better cast, higher production values and a supernatural edge...hits all the novel's outer horror touch points, but director Carter Smith doesn't let them build so much as check them off a list that he's rushing through
It's a good film, sometimes beautifully so, and if people don't come out of this one a little shaken up and disturbed then they probably need to be checked for a pulse.
It may not be as fundamentally unsettling as the book was, but it's not a bad horror flick.
The characters are so one-note and unlikable that most viewers will find themselves looking forward to their grisly demises because it means that they won't be annoying us anymore.
Near-perfect at manipulating its audience...it's a marvelous nightmare machine.
The lack of explanations in The Ruins may prove unsatisfying to some, but the unknown is often more terrifying than the tangible. Such are the wages of fear.
Letting it get under your skin doesn't sound so bad once it gets inside your head.
A movie that just wants to gross us out a few times and call it entertainment.
At least the killer plant in Little Shop of Horrors could talk.








@highlight

Despite a solid cast and truly frightening source material, The Ruins founders, thanks to a weak script and an excess of gore.