A modern day revamp (of sorts) of the 1980s teen classic Adventures in Babysitting meets The Hangover for tweens, the feature debut of television writer/producer Josh Schwartz is a mess of a movie.
A gaudy, simple-minded fiasco that's too dumb for adults and too suggestive for kids.
An offensive and obnoxious comedy that never feels secure in its own identity.
Justice makes a likeable lead but director Josh Schwartz's comic touch is distinctly leaden and a high proportion of the would-be funny scenes - some of them involving an uncredited Johnny Knoxville - fall flat.
Justice has a real charm and appeal on-screen, looking good in just about anything she wears in the film...
Nickelodeon goes outside their comfort zone with Fun Size, but the film is very hit or miss, with an inconsistent tone.
It's pure Nickelodeon stuff: bubblegum high jinks that's short on laughs but also, mercifully, shy on offending, too.
Here's yet another example of a DVD film inexplicably receiving a full-on cinema release...It doesn't help that Victoria Justice, pretty as she is, does not exactly ignite the screen with comic charisma.
Fun Size is the Nickelodeon equivalent of a Hallmark card for Halloween. Even the target audience will be asking their parents when it's polite to dispose of it after the holiday.
The incongruous, colourful and bizarre are jumbled together in a Halloween size pumpkin in this occasionally puerile, at times endearing and often silly comedy in which a giant fake chicken violates the rear of a yellow Volvo as its ultimate low.
Genuine laughs develop in the wake of a pretty teenage nerd.
Barely developed characters come and go while faux edgy jokes and obscure American pop cultural references fall flat.
Tweenies are more forgiving than I am.
You know you're in trouble when a madcap comedy is unable to even raise a smile.
The good news about this film is that it's only 96 minutes long. The bad news is that it is 96 minutes long.
It's the usual assemblage of grossout horrors provided for your alleged amusement... The freshly upsetting thing here is that this is a Nickelodeon production -- you know, the cable network for kids...
As ever, "fun size" translates to "no fun whatsoever".
A gross, sprawling and barely credible teen comedy.
There's barely a laugh on the horizon as Fun Size ambles through a series of unremarkable set pieces, tumbleweed one-liners and awkward tonal shifts.
This Size doesn't matter.
More adult humor than we have come to expect from a Nickelodeon product, but enjoyable just the same.
Just when I was completely losing patience with proceedings, the film started.
As the title implies, Josh Schwartz's first directing job is designed purely for the short-term satisfaction of simple appetites.
A disappointing comedy that falls down thanks to an uneven tone, some badly misjudged jokes, a failure to connect on an emotional level and a script that largely wastes the talents of its proven comic cast.
Just like its namesake, Fun Size is a small amount of mediocrity that won't leave a bad taste in your mouth, but definitely won't satisfy many viewers.
This is a dog's breakfast of a film, lurching from simpering teen-romcom sentiment to off-colour paedophile gags to sub-'Juno' hipster cultural references to a lecture on the woes of single motherhood without breaking stride.
Teenagers deserve bigger portions of entertainment than these meagre morsels.
This is utterly disposable stuff, but it does have its moments.
Similar to the candy bars that inspired the title, there's not much substance to this silly comedy.
Predictable party flick is too edgy for star's younger fans.
The whole film plays like a made-for-cable holiday event -- it belongs on the small screen, not in a theater.
A humor-free Halloween tale, a case of PG-13 raunch butting heads with PG-rated stupidity that gives neither audience what it wants.
Screenwriter Max Werner and director Josh Schwartz clearly have several well-worn copies of Adventures in Babysitting between them, but they keep the gags coming at a brisk pace.
Though it doesn't always hit the hilarity target, this tween-targeted romp strikes a sweet-but-not-sappy balance.
It comes off as some kind of odd pretender of a flick. (Full Content Review for Parents also available)
As PG-13 material, this is pretty mild, but as it is a Nickelodeon production one wonders whether the film will survive intact when in it inevitably appears on the cable channel.
Fun Size? No fun in any size.
There's little fun to be had in this foolish Halloween comedy that generates many more eye rolls than laughs.
Not quite suitable for the young ones, nor is it funny or wild enough for the Gossip Girl crowd.
Like the candy, Fun Size is short and occasionally sweet, but not all that fun.
A repetitive rip-off of a dozen other Hollywood flicks.
It feels like a project that was pitched for the CW but watered down for Nickelodeon audiences. In the end, everyone loses.
"Fun Size" presents the broiling hormones of youth at room temperature.
A 90-minute theatrical release from Nickelodeon Productions that, if anything, should have aired as a half-hour Nickelodeon special.
Put it this way, the movie's funniest character is the only one who doesn't talk.
Thank goodness this is a comedy first and foremost, because otherwise poor Albert would have wound up in a garbage bag by the end of the night.
"Fun Size" lives up to the candy correlation of its title. It's pleasurable enough in the moment, but the buzz fades quickly.
There's an effervescent tempo to "Fun Size," a gleeful "After Hours" for All Hallow's Eve, but for tweens and teenagers, and set in Cleveland.
Boobs. Boobs. Boobs. Boobs. Boobs. If your tween can handle that, they can handle Nickelodeon's naughtiest kids' movie
"Fun Size" seems trapped in a limbo between a hyperkinetic comedy for kids and something more outlaw for teens.
Obviously striving for a John Hughes vibe, but its obtuse makers have confused grossness with geniality, and weirdness for wit.
Just like a Halloween miniatures assortment, something for everyone - or no one, as the case may be.
In the hierarchy of trick-or-treat candy - with Snickers being at the top and Mary Janes at the bottom - "Fun Size" is a pack of candy cigarettes: mostly tasteless and completely inappropriate for kids.
The fun to be had in Fun Size, a 'tween comedy featuring Victoria Justice of the Nickelodeon TV series Victorious, is neither gigantic nor minuscule; it's just about fun size, which is probably enough.
...a sweet little family film that may be too dorky for the age group at its center and require some parental explanations for the Albert-aged set.
It pairs modern attitude with John Hughesian tropes, and it's odd enough, in spurts, to boast originality.
Victoria Justice and Jane Levy are keepers, but the forced jokes and thinly drawn characters never add up to much of a movie.
Even the good gags are robbed of their punch by the pedestrian way the movie was shot and cut.
Like a "fun size" chocolate bar, it's just empty calories. It's a momentary pleasure, instantly forgotten.
By the end of this romp, "Fun Size" actually accomplished something charming: sentimentality without normality.
Justice is a pretty, personality-free screen presence, while the more interesting cast members, like Levy and Handler, are stuck in shrill, unsympathetic roles.
Befitting the title, there's little nutritional value, but there's a bit of sweetness inside the throwaway wrapper.
Captures the manic spirit of the holiday, tearing around with a modest sense of madness, celebrating costumes and a collision of eccentric personalities.
Sometimes funny, often broad-stroked, ever sweet, and landing shy of its potential.
A hydra-headed attempt to dirty up the Nickelodeon brand while simultaneously scrubbing raunchy high-school hookup tropes into family-friendly shape.
The cast is game, but this is strictly for the tween set.
As John Hughes imitations go, this one's pretty good.
A Halloween comedy to which laughs are not invited.
Imagine eating as many fun-size candy bars as the price of a movie ticket would buy. Imagine how you would feel - and it would still be better than sitting through this movie.
There remains a huge market for a great Halloween teen comedy, but Fun Size is the disappointing apple that your crazy-haired neighbor gives you instead of candy. Feel free to dump this one in the bushes.
A smart and emotionally satisfying slice of wish fulfillment, tracing how a threatened family finds harmony.


@highlight

It occasionally shows surprising flashes of wit, but Fun Size is too safe and formulaic -- not to mention unfunny -- to survive comparisons to the '80s teen movies it eagerly imitates.