Billy the Kid lets you see the character first and his autism second. It's a terrific documentary.
Billy, who suffers from Aspergers Syndrome, is sympathetic, but you can easily understand why he's a social outcast. This is a film about Billy, not about his condition.
The rough and ready filmmaking technique makes it challenging for the viewer at times, and perhaps a stricter editing discipline could have tightened the film
The best documentaries take you places you don't normally have access to.
Opens as a study on a teen with some social/behavioral issues. The film makes sure never to label, then gently tangents from the study into a sweet spontaneous love story.
Watching Billy the Kid duplicates -- as much as any movie probably can -- the fascinating process of trying to figure out someone you've just met.
A raw, touching, unfiltered look at the teenage angst that Hollywood usually turns into brain-dead comedy.
Billy's resilience, though, is nothing short of amazing. Not to mention part of growing up.
What you ultimately take from the film is the awareness that this smart, self-aware, uncensored kid has been playing to a camera in his own head since well before Venditti came along.
Billy the Kid is an unforgettable, distressing, riveting snapshot of a boy and his world; a high-speed descent into pure impulse that should not be missed.
Without a hint of irony, he spouts off, I hope the next film I'm in is action. So do I.
What makes Billy the Kid extraordinary is not that it grants seeming access to private moments, but that it makes clear as well the inherently public nature of the filmmaking process.
Billy may come off as an odd duck, but he's not mean or too peculiar. Actually, he's pretty likable, which is why you'll probably find yourself rooting for him to get the girl and to be happy for a change.
... a window into the world of adolescence, where everything is immediate and intense and important.
Billy the Kid, a movie that's as interesting as it is dewy-eyed, may be the rare snapshot of an adolescent 'outcast' who is really the guy made for fame, with a built-in radar for how to present himself in front of the camera.
Nobody ever said growing up a small-town geek was easy. I know from personal experience, and so does Billy Price, the subject of director Jennifer Venditti's affecting documentary Billy the Kid.
There's something to be said for Venditti's ability to build the kind of trust with a subject necessary to get full participation.
I don't imagine any adult could watch Billy the Kid without sharp pangs of recognition; everyone who passes through the crucible of teenage-ness feels at least momentarily as awkward as Billy.
The movie marks the directorial debut of Jennifer Venditti, whose ability to convey the innocence of youth and the universal anguish of being an outsider suggests a natural ear for the emotional rhythms of growing up.
It's an incredibly intimate portrait, and one that feels more universal for its refusal to court a grander significance.
Jennifer Venditti's documentary profile of 15-year-old Kiss fan Billy is truly something special.
The documentary Billy the Kid presents the world according to a troubled teenager in Maine.
The thoughtfully sweet slightness of Venditti's film happens also to be the source of its immense charm, and in Billy she has a golden subject,
I have seen more than 25 documentaries this year, and after a while they all start to run together, both structurally and thematically. Billy the Kid is utterly original in both respects.
It's not quite clear why Venditti thought the film's annoying teen with ADD would make an interesting subject.
Billy the Kid is a heartbreaking vérité documentary by Jennifer Venditti about a misfit Maine teenager -- a film that makes you think about (and question) what fitting in really entails.
In the end, it's the absent father figure that hobbles the story of a decent kid unable to edit himself for better or for worse.
Billy suggests Child is Waiting's autistic Rueben, only having been given a chance at a normal life by a mother who never succumbed to the shame that grips Gena Rowland's Sophie throughout Cassavetes's drama.




@highlight

Jennifer Venditti's doc Billy the Kid turns "special" into a double edged sword, forging a sharply honest film around a strangely enigmatic -- if awkward -- kid named Billy.