Good performances, excellent special effects, impeccable animation... [Full review in Spanish]
Well, for a kiddie animation spectacle I'd give it more than a passing grade.
Kung Fu Panda is pretty much like it sounds.
Kung Fu Panda is not as much fun as Kung Fu Hustle, but it's much better than Kung Pow: Enter the Fist.
There's something about the look of Kung Fu Panda that is so novel and pleasing. Perhaps it's just that we haven't seen this vintage, Far East world in a computer-animated movie before.
Some of it just seems silly, which is fine for a family movie, of course, but there's silly and then there's silly. Kung Fu Panda is silly.
When the kids are happy and I get to watch a Jack Black kung fu movie, that's good enough for me.
The animation work is dazzling; it's lovingly detailed without being overdone (particularly the opening sequence, which is hand-drawn and looks like prints struck from ancient woodblocks).
Supporting characters (including Jolie, who is wasted as a tiger) are pallid, and the fight scenes disproportionately long, as if the filmmakers figure the young boys most likely to see Panda are just as action-happy as their dads.
A decent bridge before the wonder of WALL-E, Kung Fu Panda will thrill kids and fight nuts alike. Shame the big names are underused and there's nothing particularly new.
Kung Fu Panda is hugely entertaining, gorgeously animated and expertly cast, with Jack Black and Dustin Hoffman doing some of their best work in recent memory (no joke).
This beautifully designed, cherry blossom-hued cartoon is brighter, breezier and bouncier than most.
An energetic and surprisingly colorful family adventure tale that trumps formula through sheer force of personality.
As the credits roll, the film's many flaws come sharply into focus. But while it lasts, Kung-Fu Panda is something of a guilty treat.
Kung Fu Panda is a colourful, extremely enjoyable if workmanlike animated romp.
Loony Toons slapstick madness combines with martial arts spectacle to give way to some wonderfully funny scenes.
The thin script (light on length and surprise, heavy on tike-pleasing jokes and action) gives the ancillary anthropomorphized animals so little to say, you'll hardly recognize Angelina Jolie's Tigress or even Jackie Chan's Monkey.
A vast improvement over such previous DreamWorks dreck as Shark Tale and the Shrek flicks
Kung Fu Panda puts most other recent action movies to shame with its astonishingly beautiful, fluid, fast, clean use of movement and space.
Parental Content Review
A witty, visually interesting and sweet comedy that works in pretty much all departments.
...relies on the sounds of its voice cast and the brilliance of its CGI animation to help it succeed.
Manages to entertain and dazzle, and parents won't beat themselves up for sitting through it, although what it teaches could fit on a fortune cookie.
It is as if the spirit of recent Zhang Yimou spectaculars have informed this warm and very likable Hollywood fare.
This Panda delivers a cuddle more than a thump.
Formulaic, but entertaining and often dazzling.
It's still a bit patchy in terms of its pace, and it's awfully violent for a PG movie, but it also features the best fight sequences the animated world, or any other world, has ever seen.
Kung Fu Panda offers little in the way of cartoon novelty. Even the battle scenes, given the recent advances in live-action wirework and blending of stunt performers and special effects, are too little kung fu, too much ho-hum.
One fine movie.
Hands down the most visually striking of DreamWorks Animation's releases, this lively CGI comedy is tailor-made for Jack Black.
A fun movie that manages to entertain pretty much the whole way through.
Despite the traditional animation platitudes, the film is entertaining and well voiced.
Enjoyable, superbly animated and frequently funny adventure with great voice work, strong characters and some excellent fight scenes.
The aphorisms creak. The plot's an open book. But all of those clichés are part of the joke in this ebullient ursine coming-of-age tale about a humble panda destined for greatness.
Just like many martial arts movie epics of old, Kung Fu Panda is filmed in widescreen CinemaScope: a perfect, vast canvas for an epic set in old China.
... a solid animated flick for kids, and for any adults who are singing "Kung Fu Fighting" to themselves as they enter the multi-plex (guilty as charged).
'Chinese' in the way that Springfield-style cashew chicken is 'Chinese.'
It all whizzes along at an invigorating pace and there's plenty to please a young child but if you're looking for the kind of insights that made Ratatouille such a feast, you'll have to wait for Pixar's next.
This is strictly formulaic animation from DreamWorks, wasting a stellar cast and a marvellously high concept idea.
Privilegia mais a história e menos o humor fácil.
This is the finest DreamWorks Animation effort since the first Shrek
A collision of Black's signature humor with a succession of surprisingly awesome fight scenes.
The Rocky template at work here is one of the most dog-eared premises around, but the sense of style and wit at play elevates the film above that premise to something unique.
[The filmmakers] mix Black's good humor with breathtaking animated martial-arts sequences.
An amusing and gorgeously designed kiddie fable.
The most visually stunning cartoon yet from DreamWorks...
More original plotting could have bolstered this visually magnificent production.
It's funny at times, and quite exciting, but of course you know where it's going from its opening moments, so no surprises dramatically.
Filled with abundant slapstick and visual comedy, this family-friendly animation is sure to amuse the youngsters with its roly-poly panda hero antics and inventive effects. ...its predictable and formulaic script is less impressive
Willingly raucous and revved up for your escapist consideration do welcome this plump yet profoundly prancing panda into your thrill-seeking heart.
A far smarter movie than anyone could have expected.
A panda learns Kung Fu. If that sounds good to you, then have at it.
... Dreamworks Animation has finally managed to touch the brass ring of animated storytelling that has been exclusively in Pixar's reach for over a decade.
Kung Fu Panda is arguably the best animated movie Dreamworks has produced so far.
It has more in common with Dr. Seuss than the dubiously titled Dr. Seuss' Horton Hears a Who!
The strength of this film is its visual presentation. The characters are well designed and they move with the necessary precision and grace.
Black blasts through Po, though, and lands on the furry character's visual surface with all vocal cylinders revving.
...if nothing else, the filmmakers should be commended for their refusal to pepper the proceedings with crass jokes and pop-culture references...
Jack Black puts the "POW!" in "Kung'" pao.
Sure, the story's ending is completely predictable, but it's great fun getting there.
At first I growled at the panda.
It takes a very worn storyline, infuses it with smart satire and in-jokes and ties it all up in a very pretty package of beautiful artwork.
The near genius of the film -- big-name stars doing voices to one side -- is that it almost completely eschews the snarky postmodern, pop-culture-referencing sensibility.
By far the most visually appealing film yet released by DreamWorks Animation.
Kid's will enjoy this movie, but I think Kung Fu geeks will like it even more. It's one of the most action-packed movies in theaters now!
How an eating disorder paunchy punching bag morphs into an accidental fighter and subsequent Dragon Warrior by default, literally and figure-atively throwing his weight around. A Jenny Craig wet dream.
The action tends to blur into a whirlwind of slapstick chaos.
An animated cross of Rocky and The Karate Kid certain to delight this generation of tykes afresh.
There's an old saying about how a great musical will "leave 'em dancing in the aisles." Well this movie provides the kung fu equivalent of that.
Fast, light, and easy-to-swallow, 'Kung Fu Panda' is an ideal repast for families to enjoy during early summer at the multiplex.
[C]harming and gorgeously animated... kids of all ages, including the grownup ones, will love [it]...
The fight choreography in Kung Fu Panda is the real draw. And, especially in IMAX, the film is never visually boring.
[...]it's mercifully free of the kind of ephemeral pop culture-dependent humor that's plagued every previous DreamWorks cartoon.
It's the kind of movie that kids will love -- and so will their parents, since they will enjoy seeing their kids so happy.
Kung Fu Panda stars a bunch of cute, highly-merchandisable creatures, but the amount of genuine kung fu movie love that permeates the film shines through to anyone who is a fan of top-notch animated filmmaking, as well as the martial arts genre.
Story of a roly poly panda makes movie magic
If Comic Book Guy from The Simpsons stumbled onto the steps of Wayne Manor and Alfred said he was destined to be Batman, you'd get something of the are-you-serious fanboy awe of Kung Fu Panda.
None of it sounds encouraging, but the directors find the right mixture of slapstick, satire, and affection to bring out the best in their material.
Big and bouncy, Kung Fu Panda is another powerhouse Family Entertainment that means to pummel its young viewers into adulation.
The open got my interest up because the animation style recalled the Emmy-winning Cartoon Network show Samurai Jack. Unfortunately, when the dream ends, so does the innovative visual style...
Fighting action is as dynamic and creative as any live-action wire-fu match by Yuen Woo-ping while the story is a refreshingly simple tale.
No more impressive than anything you could randomly dial up on Cartoon Network.
pays homage to the Hong Kong Kung Fu epic by being true to the Fu while making sport of clichés
The movie easily karate chops the weekend competition. A fine, fun film, filled with excellent animation and well-drawn characters.
Kung Fu Panda manages to minimize the aspects of a Jack Black that make him unbearable (no pun intended).
In this summer movie season of old men with whips, gals in stilettos and superheroes a go-go, you may ask: "Where's the cartoon?" (Speed Racer doesn't count.) Indeed, the most highly anticipated animation event of the summer is Kung Fu Panda
Hardly a groundbreaker, but still impressive in a good many of its particulars.
From a studio that's decimated iconic fairy tale characters with its poison pop-culture pen, i.e., Shrek, comes an age-old fable, poetic, pop-free and timeless...yet still an utter hoot.
The film settles into a succession of ritual spoofs of the kung fu genre, and peddles the sort of cloying preachments about self-esteem and human potential -- panda potential -- that little kids hear all the time on TV.
Everything that happens in this dull tale of Po, a paunchy panda who becomes a zealous kung fu fighter, is telegraphed well in advance.
Beautifully animated, the celebrity voice performances are terrific, and the action sequences negotiate the fine line between being physically convincing and becoming too intense for the young children who are the filmâ(TM)s primary audience.
Neither as original as Ratatouille nor as funny as Shrek.
A master [course] in cunning visual art and ultra-satisfying entertainment.
The jokey title sells this clever, old-fashioned film short.
The movie is full of exaggerated chop-socky action sequences, and most of them are clever and entertaining. The animators clearly have invested some time in studying and gleaning ideas from the Hong Kong kung-fu classics.
Kung Fu Panda gets across important and inevitable plot information in ways that are novel and unexpected. Things simply don't happen the way they usually happen in animated stories.
Resistance is not just futile but almost seems churlish in the black-and-white face of such cuteness. Along with some terrific voice performances and lovely animation, the adorability quotient of Kung Fu Panda buoys the film.
It's not entirely free of lazy writing or cheap jokes. But it's often strikingly drawn and, when it's kicking, breezy and funny.
After this movie, pandas might be the new penguins. And, you know Kung Fu Panda is going to be good because TALKING ANIMALS ARE FUNNY!
A relatively harmless bit of animated fun.
The animation is dazzling, so lovingly detailed you can make out individual hairs on the titular beastie, and full of bright Chinese images.
This is an unashamedly old-fashioned children's movie, and a predictable message is part of the mission. But that's okay; what the movie lacks in surprises, it makes up for in whimsical fun
The nicest surprise about Kung Fu Panda is that it's so much better than the goofy-cutesy title would lead you to expect.
...a likable movie that fits the bill when we talk about family entertainment.
Imaginatively done, full of peril, surprise and even humor.
The movie has lean, to-the-point simplicity, which is refreshing in an era when so many films take needlessly bloated, talky routes into their story (for more on this, see Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull).
The message -- believe in yourself even when all evidence suggests you shouldn't -- is annoyingly familiar and frankly overdue for a serious debunking, but it's not about to happen here.
DreamWorks Animation's best movie since Shrek.
Kung Fu Panda is one gorgeous movie. If only the story and comedy were half as absorbing.
Sure helps scrub away memories of Tenacious D and the Pick of Destiny.
Very much a Hollywood production -- formulaic, made for marketing and never quite as inspired as it could have been.
With loads of laugh lines, Kung Fu Panda plays with the ying- yang tension of sincerity and irreverance. And it never shirks a popcorn tenet: kernels of wisdom must be tasty.
The kung fu scenes overflow with crisp, thrilling and funny moments that whiz by in the 88-minute run time.
The animation is consistently sporty and there are some choice comic riffs on martial arts movies.
Everything about Kung Fu Panda is a little better, a little sharper, a little funnier than the animated run of the mill. It's one of the few comedies of 2008 that knows what it's doing.
Manic but hilarious Kung Fu Panda kicks its way onto the scene with irresistible force.
Kung Fu Panda illustrates the dilemma CGI movies find themselves in: They're suspended on a rickety bridge between product and moviemaking, and the boards of our interest are beginning to rot away.
This movie leaves 'em laughing -- and gasping.
...use[s] dynamic animation and slapstick humor to compensate for the story's lack of originality.
A real charmer; a lightweight, generously funny family film that benefits from simplicity and a buffet of Asian cinema influences to pick from.
Kung Fu Panda gets a big kick from the vocal trio of Jack Black, Dustin Hoffman and Ian McShane.
Move aside big green ogre Shrek, but this tale of a karate-chopping roly-poly panda might just be the best animated feature the studio has ever produced.
...it creates an enchanting other-world of its own.
To paraphrase "Kung Fu Fighting" - mercifully heard only once, and in tweaked end-credit form by Gnarls Barkley - "Kung Fu Panda" is as fast as lightning and a little bit frightening but done with expert timing.
This is one kid's movie where the grownups shouldn't have to fight over who has to take the children. Instead, everyone should get in on the fun.
A good-natured, entertaining romp and, in my experience, not a bad kid discussion-starter. You can't ask much more from an animated panda kung fu movie than that.
Kung Fu Panda is far more exciting and abundantly more exhilarating than it has any right to be.
Dreamworks is bringing old school to the new school with Kung Fu Panda, which quietly lumbers around in its first half before proving itself a worthy master of the art in its action-packed second.
It's elegantly drawn, the action sequences are packed with energy, and it's short enough that older viewers will be forgiving. For the kids, of course, all this stuff is much of a muchness, and here they go again.
It's a howl and amazement for anyone under 12. As is often the way with middling kids' movies, parents who grow tired of the film are treated to a satisfying consolation prize: watching their children have fun.
This is the best PG film I've seen in ... well, forever.
This is a nice little cartoon. Not a classic, but certainly enjoyable.
If the Shaw Brothers had access to CGI and the post-modern voice talent, Kung Fu Panda would have definitely been part of their stable of wuxia epics.
It lacks that final spark of ingenuity or inspiration that would have transformed it from an amusing idea into a full-fledged movie worth watching.
A pleasant surprise. It avoids easy targets and actually bases its humor in its performances.
I have never wanted to eat a digital/animated steamed dumpling more in my life than I did when I saw Kung Fu Panda. Jack Black really poured himself completely into this role and the movie turns out to be extremely funny and action packed.
A snappy, amusingly witty family comedy. Kids will undoubtedly love the film, while adults won't feel talked down to.
Both a surprisingly good kung fu movie and a solid family flick… The story is sweeter and shows more heart than you might think.
an agreeable enough animation with the kid-worthy message to believe in oneself, but the embarrassment of riches that is its superstar vocal cast provides poor returns...Jackie Chan hired to make monkey noises?
[DreamWorks Animation] has finally found their successor to the "Shrek" mantle in the hapless hero known as Po the Panda.
What helps Kung Fu Panda succeed is not just the classic beauty of the animation but also another way it avoids the Shrek pitfall by steering clear of that series' flat irony and tired snark.
Unpretentious sweetness, striking visuals, fresh settings, and strong voice characterizations by Black, Hoffman, Rogen, and Cross make this satisfying family entertainment.
Kung Fu Panda is yet another celebrity-voiced animal adventure, but it stands out from the crowd of similar films with its lightning wit and whirlwind brio.
Why create a universe this utterly gonzo if all you're going to do is repeat the same 'believe-in-yourself' and 'everyone-is-special' pablum kids have heard a million times?
At once fuzzy-wuzzy and industrial strength, the tacky-sounding Kung Fu Panda is high concept with a heart.
It's slick, energetic, and entertaining enough to separate it from most of the in-it-for-the-cash animated products that the studios have been cranking out the last few years.
Kung Fu Panda is generally content to simply coast along on a few Zen platitudes and regularly scheduled Po pratfalls.
Sufficiently entertaining for kids and mildly amusing for adults.
Po turns out to be smarter than your average bear, not to mention sweet of disposition and amusingly smart-alecky. ... DreamWorks' animated romp proves charming, if formulaic.
Gravity-defying, action-packed family comedy - it's chop-socky fun.
A hero whose power is gluttony? I almost missed this part, because I was out in the lobby getting a bucket of popcorn and a 40-ounce soda, so I'll refrain from comment.
While its storyline might seem familiar (in fact, very familiar if you've seen the recent live-action Jackie Chan/Jet Li hit, The Forbidden Kingdom), there's enough invention and irreverence to make the film feel fresh.
While the movie might not be as artistic as, say, one from Disney-Pixar, it features better combat scenes than much of its live-action brethren -- including the recent Forbidden Kingdom.
Replace the cute 'widdle' animals with people and you'd have a generic undiscovered-hero story with a dull script. (Also, it would have to be called Kung Fu Fat Kid, which probably wouldn't test very well.)
Chalk it up to either a newfound maturity or [Dreamworks] management being asleep at the wheel, but, somehow, someway, it achieves a low-impact playfulness that actually feels kind of... charming.
This is well-worn territory, from the cuddly slapstick to the Chinese wisdom, but the movie redeems itself with some surprisingly smart and tender moments.
After a summer of films crashing the two-hour barrier, I could give Kung Fu Panda (88 minutes!) a big old bear hug.
This computer-animated DreamWorks film is infectious and inspiring, despite one's best efforts to resist its charms.
Kung Fu Panda isn't the kind of movie that will make you gasp with surprise as it moves toward its believe-in-yourself destination. But it is the kind of movie that will make you enjoy the journey.
A gift in a summer that threatens to be seriously short of quality kid entertainment.
After years of skulking around in Hollywood's shadows, fan-boy culture finally has a movie hero to call its own.
It may not be the most original animated feature, but it is a solid, well-crafted one.
Loaded with high flying kung fu action, this animal-filled animated pic will keep youngsters in their seats.
Sticking to a tried-and-true formula (hapless underdog discovers he's the Chosen One) still proves effective when it's done with a snappy pace, eye-popping animation and a cast of game comedic vocal talents headed by Jack Black.
Outside of Japanese anime - and maybe Pixar's The Incredibles - I can't think of another animated feature packed with this much exhilarating, ingenious action.
A parade of pain dominates Kung Fu Panda, which forgoes the rigors of character development for lazy, bone-crunching mayhem.
A nice little adventure that will keep the kiddies entertained for an hour and a half. Mom and dad will find some nice moments as well.
As summer movies get bigger and bigger, they often make us, the audience, feel smaller and smaller. The bright Kung Fu Panda is a simple and lighthearted exception.
Jack Black stars in appealing kid-friendly comedy.
Just about all animated movies teach you to Believe in Yourself, but the image of a face-stuffing panda-turned-yowling Bruce Lee dervish is as unlikely, and touching, an advertisement for that message as we've seen in quite some time.
Another misfit-makes-good movie with nifty visuals but a sodden script.
By all means, gather up the little ones and take them to this perfectly pleasant, very good-looking, modestly funny, dispiritingly unoriginal variant on the nerd-with-a-dream recipe.
I'm no fan of casting big movie stars as voices in animated films, but Black and Hoffman have great fun taking their characters from exasperated adversaries to bedgrudging comrades.
This is a solid family film material, although one suspects the children will get a little more out of it than their parents.
I had a great time.
Jack Black inhabits the animated panda called Po with so much of his signature whimsy that audiences get a double dose of Black's comic persona.
Oh heck, this is my favorite film of the year so far -- A ! Action, depth, fun, comedy, profound messages and it's visually gorgeous.
The movie's crackpot message--'To make something special, you just have to believe it's special'--may best be proven by the existence of this funny, unpretentious, more than bear-able crowd-pleaser.
Even though Panda is one of the last animated flicks that Dreamworks won't be making in 3D it's still very easy on the eyes and it should help to keep the studio in competition this summer with the juggernaut that is Pixar.
The colorful locale and battles, not the message, are the thing in this hybrid of family fare and martial arts in which Jack Black is too cute as the chubby misfit-hero but it's Dustin Hoffman and Ian McShane who steal the show with their ironic delivery
Kung Fu Panda may be on the higher edge of the middle rank of computer-animated films, but it'll still provide your kids with a fairly respectable mix of action, amazement and amusement.
Though aimed primarily at youngsters, KF Panda embraces humor that plays well across age groups and nationalities.
A nice looking but heavily formulaic DreamWorks animation entry.

@highlight

Kung Fu Panda has a familiar message, but the pleasing mix of humor, swift martial arts action, and colorful animation makes for winning Summer entertainment.