The film is strictly paint by numbers, although in a slick and polished way. You barely notice you're being manipulated.
Sentimental low points and contrived idiosyncrasies aside, Little Miss Sunshine still boasts wonderful performances, a cheeky sense of humor and an original story.
An achingly deliberately madcap family adventure that skates by thinly on the collective charms of its ensemble cast.
While the screenplay is impressive and deserving of its recognition, it is Alan Arkin's performance-of-a-lifetime that separates this from other well-written small movies.
Harmless enough as passable road movies go, but I can't help but wish directors of films like these would grow some damn balls.
Sundance-calibrated sitcom
I loved it, every bit of it.
Like little kids spouting dirty words in certain comedies, this film from first-time directors Jonathan Dayton and Valerie Faris undermines the subversive with the self-conscious. But it's still funny.
...mediocre black comedy.
This inspirational, hilariously sad dysfunctional-family-road-trip dramedy offers absolutely everything -- except pretension.
A few touching and surprising moments aside, it all feels a little prefab, with family dysfunction as the indie version of a high concept.
Writer Michael Arndt has cleverly captured the bribery and corruption which lie at the heart of most families.
The chaotic dinner scene pops like syncopated jazz, setting the tone for a warm, funny film that has more smiles than belly laughs.
Accumulates depth and fleshes out its characters.
Charming, moving, warm and brilliantly hysterical, Little Miss Sunshine is easily the funniest thing I have seen in a theater in years.
A cheap Sisyphean metaphor literally drives the thing: at first played for laughs, it's recycled to the point of nausea.
Ride along to dysfunction in quirky indie comedy.
A hilariously caustic package that makes its ultimate uplift genuinely feel-good instead of insufferably saccharine.
a family road movie brimming with spot-on performances, hilarious situations, and plenty of good feeling - and it treats its comic characters with a rare affection.
A wonderful message movie, warts-an-all!
The film is part of an emerging trend that taps into the very real and urgent concerns of working people in increasingly pauperized Bush's America.
It doesn't exploit its characters for comedy or life lessons; it simply embraces the family members and lets them be themselves.
It works better than most movies with a quirky Sundance pedigree, because the filmmakers aren't quick to paint any of their characters as morally wrong.
Just a glorious movie.
Royal Tenenbaums meets Malcolm in the Middle. Oh, and let's not forget Weekend at Bernie's.
All indie-movie families may start out unhappy in their own way, but by the time the final credits roll, everyone remains complacent, confident of their brood's superiority.
full review in Greek
This has gotta be one of the weirdest "family bonding" movies ever, but you know what...it worked!
Little Miss Sunshine is an example of a very nicely done small movie about family that is content and secure enough to deliver everything in a simple, straightforward way, all while being silly and implausible.
A comedy that manages a seemingly impossible combo: it's daring and feelgood.
This film opened five weeks ago on seven screens. In the entire country. So I can understand how you may have missed it. Now that it is on more then 1400 screens, you have no excuse.
Melancólico como sua bela trilha sonora, o filme oscila com talento entre a comédia e o drama enquanto seus personagens aprendem importantes lições sobre o que é realmente relevante em nossa curta passagem por este planeta.
It won't enter the quirktastic-voyage hall of fame, but it's a refreshing ride nonetheless.
But since this film giddily oversteps all other bounds of decorum, up to the edge of child pornography, I won't complain about the happy ending.
Sunny or dark, comedy should never be as predictable as Little Miss Sunshine.
... a scrappy human comedy that takes an honest path to laughs and is twice as funny and touching for it.
... this isn't much more than a glorified sitcom, but it deftly dramatizes our conflicting desires for individuality and an audience to applaud it.
It is genuinely funny, often at the most surprising moments, when we recognise the absurdness of the situations and circumstances
Una mirada tierna y desinhibida a los conflictos, los temores, los fracasos y las esperanzas de una familia, con estupenda banda sonora y elenco.
This is a likeable, funny road movie about a dysfunctional family, but you know you've been down the same road before.
Utterly repellent characters; totally implausible narrative. Overhyped project of the year.
An intensely diverse family take a road trip that brings them closer in a hilarious picture that is unfortunately formulaic.
For every good moment in Little Miss Sunshine, which is shaping up to be this summer's breakout indie hit, there are two that are forced, contrived, or overly cute.
Each spike of satire is fitted with a safety-cap of feelgood reassurance.
For a movie generated from the Amerindie algorithm of family dysfunction, road-trip catharsis and studied quirk, this dark-edged ensemble comedy often borders on the loveable.
... this sparkling little gem takes the family road movie to unhoped-for heights of hilarity and humanity.
Little Miss Sunshine is a gem of a film, both uplifting and funny.
The hunt for the best comedy of 2006 ends, I suspect, right here.
"Little Miss Sunshine" offers, among other things, ensemble acting at its very best. You'd be hard pressed to find a funnier, more touching film this year.
One of the funniest films of the year. Unmissable.
An endearing tale that successfully finds the centre ground between the two genres glossed over by most mainstream movies.
The underlying dark themes of death and suicide are leavened with sweetness, love, humor, and even hope.
Basically an update of National Lampoon's Vacation, only with less to say -- though it's better than any of the Vacation sequels by far.
Little Miss Sunshine is all about failure--personal failure, public failure, professional failure, romantic failure, car failure, eye failure, even heart failure. And yet the film, from newcomers Jonathan Dayton and Valerie Faris, is a winner.
May wind up being the 'dysfunctional family' film against which all others are ultimately compared.
What the film lacks in originality, it makes up for with a boisterous, oddball energy and a genuine, heartfelt sense of its characters.
Heart-stoppingly tender and outrageously hilarious.
Little Miss Sunshine is easily one of the best films of the year.
A heartwarming, hilarious movie about family.
A completely accessible, hysterically funny, thoroughly delightful and incredibly human film on every level.
Counters its levity with welcome kindness that's trumpeted by a first-rate cast.
A road-trip tale with a much stronger point to make than B from A, and not just in the third act. It's the genre's greatest blend of slapstick, sincerity and satire since Albert Brooks' Lost in America.
Like Garden State or Sideways, the film uses comedy to find the content in the lives of its characters. Little Miss Sunshine is funny, touching, and unexpectedly inspiring.
... the perfect cast.
The best date film of the year.
There is a zany ethos to Little Miss Sunshine that, despite its most clichéd moments, stokes a lovely poignancy in this look at family life and the capacity for hope in the face of absurdity and calamity.
This is one of those rare films where all the elements come together to create this harmonious whole that just rings true every step of the way.
one of the best films I've seen all year.
... Succeeds as both comedy and drama, never sacrificing one for the other.
Amusingly caustic [and] satirically droll...Little Miss Sunshine is a ray of off-kilter sliced slapstick waiting to burst at the seams.
Is there a feel-good comedy about death and suicide? Yes, and here it is, in "Little Miss Sunshine," a simple grownups-only tale about a complex and hilariously dysfunctional family on a road trip that could change their lives.
It remains stuck in a limbo state that more and more indie films find themselves these days, because of its non-committal attitude.
The film is bountiful with unconventionality and quirk, but at the end of the day, it's a traditional story that delivers in a satisfying way.
A plus is that the stubborn VW bus -- a vehicle that both requires and betrays cooperation -- makes a wonderful metaphor for the family experience.
Hilarious, profane and as much fun as you are going to have in a theater this summer.
A comedy with something on its mind, Little Miss Sunshine reaffirms that a movie can be smart and funny. It's one of the year's best.
Little Miss Sunshine is a modestly amusing movie with good performances and several promisingly absurd situations.
It's about time somebody put the fun back in dysfunctional. So let's hear it for the slyly uproarious social satire of Little Miss Sunshine ...
This indie favorite came out of the 2006 Sundance festival with its highest price tag ever ($10.5 million, paid by Fox Searchlight) and audience raves. Fox and the fans were right.
It's kind of ironic to hear such an anti-competitive message from one of the best movies of the year.
It may carry an R-rating, but it is also the most heartfelt family comedy of the year.
The actors play each painfully funny scene as genuinely as possible, without straining for cheap laughs and without losing sight of the Hoovers' humanity.
The entire family is, well, ripe enough to get its own VH1 reality show.
Each year there's usually a film that comes as a surprise... This year, that film is Little Miss Sunshine.
Little Miss Sunshine transcends the stereotypical trappings of the genre with a perfect blend of drama, humor and satire.
A shrill and forced comedy that laughs at, not with, its characters.
The writing is genius, the performances wonderful, and the film as a whole is a complete success.
If you want to see how an exceptional group of actors manages to save a movie from itself, this is the one.
We can celebrate not just all that Little Miss Sunshine achieves, but, more importantly, what it avoids.
I loved it. Much funnier and sweeter than "Talladega Nights". It deserves Ricky's box office times two.
Little Miss Sunshine proves that family is a heck of a lot like the film's VW bus: It may be clunky, it may not always run right, but everyone will be OK so long as we all get together and push.
Beneath its oddball veneer, Little Miss Sunshine is a knowing injunction against a society that requires every American to be a winner, when simply being a human being used to be enough.
Screenwriter Michael Arndt, his dialogue getting the necessary backing by the excellent ensemble cast, manages to adroitly mix up the expected comic shtick with moments of great clarity and insight.
The funniest and most gracefully written, acted and directed dysfunctional-American-family farce comedy of the year thus far.
Dayton and Faris satirize our win-win culture, but they don't miss a trick promoting Little Miss Sunshine for the winner's circle.
Characters are juicy and quirky and funny! The best first act I've seen on the screen in a long time. Imperfect, but a very good film. Alan Arkin is absolutely hilarious.
Constructed as a comical lesson kit on winning and losing, Little Miss Sunshine perks into considerable life through its quality cast.
... easily the smartest laugh fest of the year to date.
... a painful, funny and fresh comedy ...
Little Miss Sunshine makes you want to gather all the kooks in your life and take a road trip.
... a film of small and gratifying surprises.
Smart and goofy, tender and laugh-out-loud funny, Little Miss Sunshine is the sleeper hit of the summer.
... an amusing movie, viciously well-written and brilliantly acted.
... while it is funny and poignant, it has the saccharine tang of artificial ingredients.
Unlike so many films that force life lessons down your throat, Little Miss Sunshine weaves them into the fabric of the story.
... a road-trip movie with a big-enough heart to make the leap from specialty theaters to the suburban multiplex - where audiences can feel fortunate if they don't recognize themselves.
Little Miss Sunshine gives the term 'crowd-pleaser' an upgrade.
Eccentric...heartbreakingly hilarious...terrific tension of inevitability...one of those movies that form my raison d'etre as a movie reviewer.
The repeated sight of the family jumping out to push-start their dilapidated van is wonderfully simple: these people will keep pushing forward, together, no matter what.
You embrace this film wholeheartedly... because after it gets the initial smacks of satire out of the way, it becomes genuinely heartfelt, full of raw emotional power in a way that isn't about satire...
The word 'quirky' is overused, but Little Miss Sunshine deserves the tag. As with Napoleon Dynamite, the quirkiness in this film comes from honest characters, not desperate-to-be-different caricatures in such films as Garden State.
[S]mart and funny and, at times, delightfully caustic.
Despite the indie-film stereotypes in the character profiles, the actors find the humanity in their roles and stick to it through every joke and tragedy.
Look beyond the Sundance hype and you'll see exactly the kind of mainstream comedy major studios should be churning out on a regular basis: warm, accessible and with a lot to say about our modern life.
Boils down to the movie version of that Blind Melon music video with the chubby girl in that bumblebee outfit.
Despite tackling death and dysfunction, indie comedy drama Little Miss Sunshine radiates warmth and charm.
To the filmmakers' credit, they don't sugarcoat the creepiness. They mine it for the kind of laughter that makes you feel uncomfortable but also makes you think.
Maybe all you need to know about Little Miss Sunshine is that it was a big Sundance hit ... At Sundance, any movie that even hints of American dysfunctionalism usually works like a charm.
An enormous amount of credit must go to its ensemble cast, who locate the realism in characters that could easily have been played as caricatures."
Ensemble cast is absolutely terrific.
Don't even think about missing this one! Little Miss Sunshine Sparked a bidding war at Sundance and is worth every penny. Riotously funny!
I realize that sometimes film critics become a little too effusive in their praise for a movie. But in this case, the enthusiasm is justified ---- this is one little gem of a film!
True laugh-out-loud movies are a rarity, and thankfully, 'Little Miss Sunshine' shatters the writing mediocrity of late. It is a witty, refreshing, often hilarious take on the family road trip, with great comic performances from the entire cast.
It's not often that high concept movies align themselves with intelligent writing and deft casting.
Though I didn't really buy any of it, there's catharsis in the go-for-broke ending and an absolute gem of a performance from Breslin.
One of those rare movies that brilliantly mixes laughter and heartache to engross you in every obstacle the characters face.
Garners one's affections and ultimately succeeds as more than just a distaff Vacation knockoff.
Charming little indie that puts generation-gap dysfunction on the map ...
It is a smartly acerbic satirical masterpiece, a comedy for the ages recalling Wilder, Pierson, Crowe or Chayefsky at their absolute off-color best.
It's a comedy about things that are not funny -- suicide, drug overdoses, busted relationships -- and as long as it sticks to that stuff, Little Miss Sunshine is wonderful.
If you think you've seen it all before in a family road movie, you owe it to yourself to see what happens when somebody actually comes up with a few bright ideas.
Co-directors Jonathan Dayton and Valerie Faris have pulled off the essential ingredient for this kind of film: a cast that believably creates a family.
You'll be delighted, if a bit breathless from laughing, to be along for the ride.
Little Miss Sunshine turns out to have real warmth and empathy for its characters.
What appears, on the surface, to be yet another a family road movie will have you laughing out loud often and quite possibly applauding at the very end as the credits roll.
Mildly diverting celebration of loserdom.
Like all superior comedies, this one revolves around wonderful performances.
A hard-to-resist, often riotous comedy.
You just won't see a better acted, and better cast, movie than Little Miss Sunshine.
It looks at the all-American obsession with winning and chortles darkly. You still come out of the movie wanting to give your family a hug.
This year's Sideways ... both wonderfully amusing and curiously moving.
It comes closer to the truth about the way people really live -- on the edge of fantasy-driven desperation -- than our sanctimonies permit us to think.
Husband-and-wife directing team Jonathan Dayton and Valerie Faris balance the eccentricity and darkly funny, offbeat events with some searching moments but they never linger too long in sentimental territory.
Family-on-the-road comedies rarely burrow so deeply into their characters' personalities or delineate their messy domestic arrangements with such care.
Little Miss Sunshine triumphs with acting performances that are, across the board, poignant, smart and real.
A comedy that is both hilarious and bold.
To the extent that Little Miss Sunshine works, and you probably gather that its schematic cartoonishness didn't always work for me, it is because directors Jonathan Dayton and Valerie Faris genuinely like these people.
So winning, it's easy to forgive it for its too-sunny outlook on dysfunction.
It's difficult to convey the sheer joy of watching these characters interact.
This is truly one of those "fun for the whole family" type of things, despite the fact that they say "****" all the time, which makes this an R instead of a PG like it should be. Take the kids anyway.
entertains across socio-intellectual boundaries and runs a Chaplinesque gamut
Someone once said that comedy is a tragedy that happens to someone else and this movie demonstrates that theory to perfection.
The 25-minute setup is truly excruciating. However, once you make it through the first half hour the film is relatively entertaining.
The exceptional cast, solid directing and a briskly paced story help to raise it to the level of one of the best comedies of the summer.
It's got a little bit for everyone, an easily identifiable premise that makes anyone who thought their family was the nuttiest feel a little closer to normal.
It's got more style than all the competitors at the Little Miss pageant. It's like a refreshing cool breeze in the stagnant summer season of movies that are okay, but not spectacular.
The kiddie beauty pageant replays all the lessons that have come before: Such competitions are superficial, and displays of love come in all shapes.
A Sundance-tested slice of American Domestic Dysfunction proving, once again, that no matter what Tolstoy said, sometimes unhappy families are unhappy in very familiar ways.
It may appear to be another insignificant Sundance offering on the outside, but Little Miss Sunshine is an enchanting, rewarding picture that should not be passed over.
Consistently fresh and gut-bustingly funny.
A liberating little ode to dysfunctional family unity and nonconformity that may occasionally make you cringe, but will ultimately touch your heart.
an expertly made comedy with a cast firing on all cylinders and a fireworks display of an ending.
A raucously entertaining slice of slapstick dressed up as domestic satire.
Pulls off the trick of the feel-good movie in a way movies haven't managed in a long time. [Blu-ray]
It helps to have a cast stocked with ringers with the chops to play comedy as drama and drama as comedy.
...the laughs build as it progresses, as does our affection for the characters.
Co-directors Jonathan Dayton and Valerie Faris not only make a long dinner scene interesting, but an interminable drive through a visually boring landscape also never gets old.
Sets a new standard for the tried-and-true dysfunctional family road comedy.
Sorry, folks, but these are not organic characters; they're walking, talking catalogs of screenwriter index-card data.
Little Miss Sunshine employs razor-sharp humor and a deceptively realistic style to satirize a corrupt society that heroes of low status must navigate by their wits alone.
The characters in the Sundance hit Little Miss Sunshine are so adeptly drawn -- and superbly played -- that you can easily forgive the film's sometimes forced kookiness.
Little Miss Sunshine isn't the kind of movie you want to beat up on: It's sweet-tempered at its core, and even when it's trying too hard to reinforce its own quirks, the charms of its actors filter through effortlessly.
Little Miss Sunshine is a dysfunctional-family comedy with a crucial difference -- the function progresses, hilariously, from dys to full and loving.
There is nothing inherently sunny about Little Miss Sunshine, and that's part of the fresh and clever lunacy of this deliciously dark comedy.
What makes husband-and-wife directing team Jonathan Dayton and Valerie Faris' hilarious debut such a great family film isn't that it's suitable for the whole family (it's not), but that it speaks a simple truth about what it means to be part of one.
This is a feel-good movie that is not dependent on gags or stupid gimmicks, but on intelligently observed, slightly cockeyed people and their interactions. It is positive and uplifting, and a grand time is had by all.
The casting is flawless. Kinnear has never been better suited to a role; Richard's gradual surrender of his ego is sweet and totally convincing. Arkin has the best lines, and delivers them with the timing of a vaudeville pro.
Mining humor from subjects like suicide, drug abuse and bad parenting, the picture isn't going to win any congeniality prizes, but it's amusingly bitter. Consider it summer fun for pessimists and misanthropes.
A smart, dark road comedy about a dysfunctional family that had them rolling in the aisles at this year's Sundance Film Festival.
Little Miss Sunshine is saved by an ace -- its cast.
For the first time in a long time I was absolutely consumed by a film.
This is the coolest, smartest, funniest movie I've seen so far this year.
It is a credit to feature film debut directors Jonathan Dayton and Valerie Faris that they have taken such a diverse ensemble of actors and seamlessly blended their acting styles together.
Little Miss Sunshine has not a hint of exploitation about it, and it's sentimental only in the best sense of the word. Like its heroine Olive Hoover, it wears its heart on its sleeve and assumes the best about everyone.
This bittersweet comedy of dysfunction takes place at the terminus of the American dream, where families are one bad break away from bankruptcy.
Like the shambling VW van its hapless characters steer from Albuquerque to Redondo Beach, Little Miss Sunshine is a rickety vehicle that travels mostly downhill.
Little Miss Sunshine often emits the dulcet quirkiness of such vintage road comedies as Harry and Tonto and Melvin and Howard.
There's something mildly endearing about the film's joyful celebration of loserdom.
It takes a deft hand to fashion a feel-good movie with plenty of laughs and an upbeat ending out of a story that includes drug addiction, a suicide attempt, a death, Nietzsche, and Proust.
So brilliantly, hysterically perfect that the graceful message beneath it hardly registers: we're laughing so hard we've literally stopped breathing.
The last act is a spot-on send-up of kids' beauty pageants, a portrayal both proximate to reality and one of the creepiest things I've ever seen.
[Little Miss Sunshine] offers a surprising mix of dark humor and heart, with rich performances from a strong cast.
Sunshine is diverting and often funny enough, largely thanks (as is not unusual in cases like this) to its cast.
Little Miss Sunshine is an enchanting anthem to loserdom -- a dark comedy that piles on setback after setback and yet never loses its helium.
Little Miss Sunshine, a slight but charming movie, is a modest winner.
This remarkably balanced ensemble is comfortably loony, in just the right places and to a degree that serves up satirical hilarity.
A very funny and touching family drama about the wisdom that often comes not with success but with failure.
Co-directors Jonathan Dayton and Valerie Faris, along with first-time screenwriter Michael Arndt, have fashioned an enjoyably quirky, highly perceptive film that slaps a newish spin on family dysfunction.
A wry, raunchy, engaging, adult-aimed comedy about a delightfully dysfunctional family - a real crowd-pleaser.
With great humor, this movie is both parody and homage to family.
This indie, a sweet, tart and smart satire about a family of losers in a world obsessed with winning, is an authentic crowd pleaser. There's been no more satisfying American comedy this year.
The movie plays broad, but not because it waters itself down to a point where the lowest common denominator can stomach it.
Family comedies aimed at grown-ups just don't get better than this.
Shrewdly balancing the ironies of the morbid inclinations of the film's Hoover clan and an underlying tenderness that steers away from obvious sentimentality, Michael Arndt's script shines with the support of the superb cast.
It's good for some laughs, though I don't see it holding up to multiple viewings.
...screenwriter Michael Arndt, along with Dayton and Faris, have taken this "dramedy" and infused it with a rare humanity amidst the gay porn jokes and corpse gags.
The destination is a pageant that will demonstrate, in grotesque, stomach-churning detail, that beauty is skin-deep and that you don't have to win to be a winner.
A beautiful picture punctuated by a top-notch cast and a laugh quotient that exponentially grows right up to its satiric punctuation mark of a climax.
A brainy blend of farce and heart, this is one of those movies that veteran moviegoers complain they don't make anymore.
just when you thought the concept of dysfunctional family has been exhausted along comes this enormously likable if structurally flawed road comedy that has the potential to become a hit beyond the indie milieu if picked by the right distributor.
A quietly antic dysfunctional family road trip comedy that shoots down the all-American culture of the winner and offers sweet redemption for losers -- or at least the ordinary folks often branded as such.


@highlight

Little Miss Sunshine succeeds thanks to a strong ensemble cast that includes Greg Kinnear, Steve Carell, Toni Collette, Alan Arkin, and Abigail Breslin, as well as a delightfully funny script.