The characters are too underdeveloped to leave an impression.
The Blackcoat's Daughter layers on the dread until it's almost physically challenging to keep watching as shadows grow ever more oppressive and the school ever less welcoming. Something wicked this way comes, indeed.
The movie's brooding score and its somber, snow-covered images leave little doubt that something awful will happen before the film concludes.
While The Blackcoat's Daughter is intriguing and seductive at the start, in the end it doesn't quite live up to the insinuations it made in the beginning.
A motion picture so intensely layered, so fastidiously detailed, so remarkably constructed, so suggestively atmospheric, and so emotionally resonant it earns its place as a modern work of art.
Another month, another overhyped horror flick that ultimately represents much ado about nothing.
There are creepy moments throughout The Blackcoat's Daughter that stick with you, truly adding to the stylistic, haunted-house atmosphere of this whole narrative.
A unique and compelling take on a pulpy, well-worn subgenre of horror.
None of it makes one lick of sense and it quickly becomes clear that Mr. Perkins couldn't care less.
Quiet and creepy, devoid of histrionics, and with a payoff that feels earned instead of crammed down our throats.
The Blackcoat's Daughter aims for lofty satanic thrills, but gets lost in visuals that oversell a barbed but tangled nightmare.
... despite some intriguing characters and concepts, the slow-burning approach doesn't offer enough chills as it builds to a mild payoff.
It's an atmospheric slow-burn that's heavy on moody insinuation and light on overt gotcha scares.
Never routine, exquisitely savage, it is an artfully disquieting experience equally terrifying in both innuendo and flashing blade.
"The Blackcoat's Daughter" is a self-contained tale of evil that knows exactly what it's doing.
The film's ultimate horror is in complete isolation...
Yes, it's a horror movie (the murder scenes suggest that the director has watched "Psycho" more than once), but even its most brutal acts pulse with inchoate sadness.
The film feels determinedly old-fashioned, awash in a hypnotic ambience that's only occasionally punctured by violence. Like his father, Perkins makes his jolts count.
The Blackcoat's Daughter may not be everyone's kind of horror movie, but it sure is mine: unsettling, atmospheric and stylish as all hell.
Pointedly lacking jump-scares and jolts, the movie is instead something to stew in, its dark magic working your nerves while denying the catharsis of a good scream.
"The Blackcoat's Daughter" connects the pieces and ends strongly, though Perkins smartly spends more creative energy on crafting creepy situations than on pointing toward the payoff.
Although very little happens in the way of traditional horror-movie jump-scares, "Blackcoat" builds and builds toward a profoundly disquieting sense that something really bad is coming.
[Perkins] shows a lot of patience for a first-time director. Let's hope the audience stays with him throughout.
Few horror debuts unnerve and fascinate as much as this one.
Cryptic, under-explained and under-lit thriller that never amounts to much more than its tone.
The Blackcoat's Daughter is a clammy hand on the back of the neck, a chill running down the spine, a shot of ice water straight to the veins.
In spite of some compelling performances and a consistent mood, the film fails to ground any of these aesthetic flourishes in story or emotion.
These characters remain aloof and sketchy. They do not earn our sympathy or concern in a thriller where horror filmmakers simply try too hard.
The photography is good, but it is at odds with the story telling.
Oz Perkins exhibits a committed understanding of the cinematic value of silence and of vastly underpopulated compositions.
The son of "Psycho" himself, writer/director Osgood Perkins, rejuvenates the 80's slasher film with an art house template, a slow build soaked in atmosphere delivering serious creeps.
It is perfectly content with its obvious and easy twists and never fully builds a deeper reasoning or logic to them. It is creepy mutterings and indistinct voices and ominous dialogue used in service of little more than their own existence.
Vaguely supernatural and wholly psychological, The Blackcoat's Daughter is a brooding, haunted and hypnotic movie experience.
The Blackcoat's Daughter is part of the new-wave horror that diverges from the assembly line and strays from overpitched archetypes.
Tthe story is slow, quiet and deliberate in its delivery and as a result, requires a lot of patience from those watching. However, if you are willing to give it a chance and stick it out to the end, the outcome just might please you.
If you're into to strange movies, this meticulously elaborated film that requires a deeper analysis, is certainly for you. [Full review in Spanish]
A remarkable horror film with a tense atmosphere and gory slasher moments that are very well executed. [Full review in Spanish]
A film is that seems to be cooking a good psychological thriller, but unfortunately this never happens. [Full review in Spanish]
An entertaining film, between psychological thriller and horror, that requires extreme patience from the viewer. [Full review in Spanish]
A pleasant and unexpected surprise debut from Osgood Perkins. A film that has a haunting atmosphere with an unusual narrative. [Full review in Spanish]
There's surely an audience for his effort, especially those who enjoy slow-burn terror productions, but it's difficult to get excited about the feature's crawl of creepiness, which doesn't reward concentration with a particularly memorable conclusion.
Evoking some unholy cross between the satanic classic Rosemary's Baby and Lucile Hadzihalilovic's uncannily eerie Innocence, with an inky dash of Lost Highway, [Osgood Perkins' film] represents a remarkable debut.
This film's biggest strength: its pervasive, unrelenting aura of unease.
Osgood Perkins has managed to single himself out as a horror director with a unique and terrifying voice.
Fans of slow-burn horror are rewarded for their patience as what thaws out is going to shock the living Hell out of them.
A stylish exercise in dread, teasing out its slow-drip horrors with precision, and building a deliriously evil presence that hovers along the fringes.
February is a chronicle of loss. It's scary because loss is scary. It's poignant because it understands that it's scary enough to explain all the sorrows of the world.
The movie offers three babes, a creepy old house and a malevolent possession all within a sumptuously crafted indie feature, so what the hell am I complaining about?
February doesn't understand the difference between foreshadowing and giving it all away.
Feburary is chilling in a way that mainstream scare flicks aren't. It relies on atmosphere and character, not loud jump-scares or laughable clichés.
February worked my nerves. I found myself actually squirming a bit in my seat, downright uncomfortable by the rising dread that Perkins creates.
A truly misguided and tedious piece of work...
Osgood Perkins impresses - and scares - with his chilly debut feature about young women and dark forces.
Setting a bunch of people loose on the screen and telling them to mope until something supernatural emerges, then calling it a tone poem about loss, is no way to keep an audience entertained.

@highlight

Slow-building and atmospheric, The Blackcoat's Daughter resists girls-in-peril clichés in a supernatural thriller that serves as a strong calling card for debuting writer-director Oz Perkins.