One of the better films of the infamous J-horror remake onslaught. Relatively speaking.
Even the most forgiving fans of supernatural horror will balk at Mirrors' cookie-cutter characterizations, predictable shocks, and ridiculous, punishing plot.
Brutal horror movie offers little to reflect on.
Kudos to you if you can figure out what in god's name that ending is supposed to indicate, because I'm lost at this time...
Sutherland's natural stoicism does make the more risible developments and dialogue a bit easier to stomach (a moment when he goes all Jack Bauer on a nun comes to mind).
Alexandre Aja must have thought that just because he's basing a film around mirrors acting irrationally, he can proceed to remove logic from all aspects of the film.
Clunky dialogue sets up the film, unlikely backstory drives it along, and it all concludes in a ludicrous cataclysm of cinematic hyperbole.
As Joe Bob Briggs used to say: "too much plot gets in the way of the story."
...often far more entertaining than it has any right to be.
I love a good horror movie, and this offered something different from slasher remakes and zombie flicks.
In SUSPIRIA, Udo Kier says that "Bad luck isn't caused by broken mirrors, but by broken minds"-Well after making this silly movie, director Alexandre Aja might think otherwise
When we should be feeling fascinated by the unfolding mystery and creeped out by things acting up nastily, we instead find ourselves thinking too much and asking questions.
Jack Bauer can disarm nuclear weapons without breaking a sweat, but he apparently can't locate a script worthy of his real-life alter ego.
Faint praise alert! Mirrors is nowhere near as bad as the initial reviews - and poor box office - portend.
ena remake poy oso pio polla soy leei, toso pio ilithio fainetai
In the end, the story fizzles out, with the second stanza bordering on the downright farcical.
The unfeasibly large number of scenes where Sutherland must swap lines with the title characters makes the wait to get to the good stuff feel like an eternity.
An unexpected twist elevates this well constructed supernatural thriller whose chilling concepts and vivid imagery make it a scary experience.
Despite some creepy scenes and superb special effects, Mirrors is let down by a ludicrous script and some dodgy acting, though it remains watchable on a so-bad-it's-good level.
Te story is efficient but strangely uninvolving and not nearly as scary as the Korean version.
But High Tension director Alexandre Aja's disappointingly low-tension Hollywood studio remake is a pale reflection of its Korean original.
Some credit for this stylish screamer goes to Sutherland, forming his doughy-handsome features into an emotional punchbag. More credit goes to Nemec, sowing a harvest of dark invention in the vast spaces.
On reflection, Mirrors may have been better going straight to the DVD shelf.
This lame supernatural horror screams straight-to-DVD, with little in the way of scares, but yawns aplenty.
The script fails to come up with a convincing reason for the mirrors behaving as nastily as they do, and the final twist is effective only if you don't, as it were, reflect upon it.
There's a crippling sense of familiarity about the whole shebang that no one seems remotely bothered about fixing. Let's hope they all get seven years bad luck.
Entertaining dross, but could be another seven year's bad luck for Keifer's big screen career.
Kiefer Sutherland's bad days in 24 are frolics in the park next to the nonsense he endures in this scandalously poor supernatural horror.
The remake retains the sensationally creepy ending and it's all reasonably done, but no real chills.
There are a few effectively grisly moments, but no really new ideas.
It's not the worst entry in Hollywood's catalogue of Asian horror remakes, but is Aja's most disappointing film to date.
This is without question the dumbest horror movie of recent years. There is simply no way to piece together its fractured shards.
The main problem with Mirrors is its truly clunky screenplay, which fails to support the often stylish visuals.
Not since Star Wars' furry Chewbacca has a male screen character made as much pointless noise as Kiefer Sutherland - either in this movie or as Jack Bauer in 24.
An ultimately uninteresting work that serves as a potential low point for one of the more promising genre filmmakers in recent times
at some point Aja appears to have decided that he cannot be bothered with all this remake malarkey, and instead he just goes completely ape with his plotting...could well go on to become a cult classic.
Mirrors is a minor success, meaning it's a pretty big failure as well.
The ground zero for ghosts here is a burned-out luxury New York department store, making this yet another thriller with post-9/11 associations.
The director, Alexandre Aja, knows how to reflect the fear in people's heads, but he gets too ensnared in a backstory that's just gothic business as usual.
Sutherland does a passable job of clenching his jaw grimly %u2014 lest it, too, be torn from his skull, perhaps.
Mirrors isn't going to do Aja's burgeoning stateside career any favors.
Aja...apparently thinks that metaphysical speculation is for wimps; his audience wants red meat, and he's going to give it them, no matter how inappropriate it is.
...the mystery of the mirrors is too complicated and too quickly solved...
The plot makes absolutely no sense but I loved the ending
If you found Aja's previous films repellent, vile and stupid, this may make you rethink your probable decision to dismiss him as Eli Roth with a French accent.
How could horror be so dull?
Inane, dull and about as scary as a drippy bottle of Windex, Mirrors is a rip-off of The Shining that substitutes a deserted department store for Shining's hotel and a strung-out Kiefer Sutherland for strung-out Jack Nicholson.
Kiefer and costars Paula Patton and Amy Smart spend most of the film looking at their own reflections and getting freaked out by seeing their faces CGI'd into a gory mess.
Audiences won't be crazy about what they see in these Mirrors.
Filmmaker Alex Aja is a dab hand with the gore, and it's only too bad you've already seen most of the movie's good stuff in the trailers and advertisements.
An empty enterprise that provides a few moments of goofy fun, Mirrors reflects back nothing.
Mirrors is too lugubrious and misconceived to reflect the talent of those involved.
I suppose Offscreen Spring-Loaded Cats is in active development even as I write.
A minor chiller and major downer from the talented Alexandre Aja.
Alexandre Aja keeps the suspense tight for most of the movie, only to fritter it away in an overblown ending.
This remake of a South Korean movie ultimately provides fewer scares than the average aging baby boomer feels every time they look into a reflective surface.
At nearly two hours, Mirrors is overlong for a summer horror toss-off, and the movie's three or four false endings make it seem even more of a haul.
Alexandre Aja's inability to delineate credible or interesting characters results in 110 wasted minutes for anyone unfortunate to wander into an auditorium where this is playing.
[Aja's] pedal-to-the-metal intensity only serves to heighten the film's fundamental ridiculousness.
Aja's way with gristle and grue makes for a number of arresting images, and the second half, in which the secret of the mirrors is gradually revealed, is actually stronger than the first.
Really doesn't have much up its sleeve other than parlor tricks and gimmicks.
The concept isn't the problem here, it's the execution. Never campy enough to qualify as a guilty pleasure or consistently scary enough to work as pure horror.
tedious ... like an "unrated" DVD version of itself
this is a film that starts out strong, but turns silly once you bring the lights up on the plot.
Supernatural troublemakers and psychos under glass in an endlessly dreary, disappointing remake having less to do with keeping you awake at night than struggling to stay awake during viewing.
From making the terrific HIGH TENSION, director Aja should know better, but it seems that he has been seduced by Hollywood to make shallow remakes for the rest of his career.
It's too bad that other elements of 'Mirrors" lack the brilliance of its visual artistry.
Ranking far below the adaptations of "The Ring" and "The Grudge," this Asian horror film re-make is simply ludicrous.
It's so ridiculous that it even makes The Exorcist franchise films seem more sensible.
Mirrors reflects little beyond Splat Pack auteur Alexandre Aja's desire to push his genre into less punishing and more profitable territory.
By the time he pulls a gun on someone pivotal to the mystery, it's not that the movie is doing 24. It's just that the movie has no motivation for that character to be involved, so they force it, via his Jack Bauer moves.
Alexandre Aja proves once again that he is the best horror movie maker working today.
A slab of shoddy, hollow rubbish that can't be bothered to concoct imaginative frights or even tenuous bonds between its supernatural terror and its characters' human drama.
There's no denying it has its moments. There's also no denying it doesn't have enough of them.
The combination of Sutherland's beyond-the-call gravitas, director Alexandre (High Tension) Aja's demento visual sense, and a spookily lyrical ending earns it at least a short-term stay in the Halls of Yick.
Alex Aja has not only made the worst film of his career in Mirrors, he's made possibly the worst film of the year.
Kiefer Sutherland plays a variant of his Jack Bauer character--except that this time, it's the audience he tortures, and he fails to defuse the bomb--the movie, that is.
Mirrors have served as wonderful props and symbols in various genres, but in this poorly conceived and executed remake of the Asian horror flick, French helmer Aja doesn't fully exploit their potential for spooky effects.
At the goofiest point, a pane of glass actually bites Kiefer Sutherland. He yells at it, but the mirror doesn't listen.
If you're looking for another The Sixth Sense, The Devil's Backbone, or The Others, then Mirrors will definitely disappoint; however, if you just want to see some wild, wicked witchery and trippy trickery, you will get your money's worth.
Mirrors isn't a total wash of a horror film, but it is not unreasonable to expect more from a filmmaker who has delivered stronger, more confident works in the past.
While watching it won't necessarily lead to seven years of bad luck, it does make for a fairly aggravating 110 minutes.
It skirts along the edge of greatness, but for every one thing it does right, it does another so inconceivably wrong.
With Aja slathering on the cheap boo scares, overseeing rancid performances, barely investing in his screenplay, and showing questionable gorehound taste in violent imagery, Mirrors eventually reflects absolute tedium.
Aja attempts to take a slow-burning ghost story and turn it into one of his over-the-top gorefests and loses the essence of the story in his endeavors... before wasting any money on this at theaters, you should probably reflect on it a bit...


@highlight

Inconsistency and listless plot make this K-horror remake a less-than-frightening time at the movies.