Modernization is a double-edged sword as this superb documentary illustrates.
Up the Yangtze drips with irony, something only the rich can afford.
Yung gets to the broken heart of a dying culture by conveying the impact of the dam on two individuals affected by, and participating in, the government's vision for 'progress.'
Very visually documents the human cost of the abrupt changes in the Chinese economy, and intimately into the sociological changes wrought by the astounding Three Gorges Dam.
A cruise on the Yangtze, site of the Three Gorges Dam (the largest hydroelectric project in the world) is a fitting metaphor for the promise and cost of China's rapid modernization.
Up the Yangtze is a reminder that every little family matters and that economic miracles are zero-sum games.
Chang's fluid camera captures the river's vanishing beauty, as well as the dichotomy between Yu Shui's rural poverty and Chen Bo Yu's urban lifestyle.
[Induces] culture shock at discovering [an] unseen world...
Though it is a bit slow-moving, this documentary feature is visually stunning.
A searing lament for China and the eradication of its historic farming culture, Yangtze is a stunning documentary that details every gut-churning step of inevitability.
floats across the screen, leaving indelible metaphoric imagery of China's rapidly changing way of life
If Up the Yangtze makes you think, 'How can a film so lovely be about something so horrible?' then it has done its job.
Like all the best documentaries, Up the Yangtze shows us something we've never seen before, with insight and meaning. Up the Ynagtze goes down in movie history as a work of lasting value
The movie never editorializes; it simply presents. It is tragedy, not statistics.
This, the film argues, is the way of the future: One form of poverty-stricken squalor replaced by a tackier, more plasticized life of similarly deadend subservience, all in the guise of economic progress.
Myth and reality, past and present, tradition and progress go head to head in Yung Chang's remarkable documentary about China's longest river, Up the Yangtze.
The tone is finally one of wistful resignation.
Up the Yangtze provides a devastating view of top-down, broad-stroke social programs.
There's plenty for the director to focus on. Examining the dam's environmental impact alone would take another whole movie. Instead, [director] Yung trains his lens mainly on the cultural impact.
Visually stunning, this documentary by Chinese-Canadian filmmaker Yung Chang is part travelogue, part social critique of China's economic miracle and the sweeping cultural changes it is forcing in its wake.
China is on the world's mind. The once-mysterious communist "enemy" is now the economic friend of all the essential profiteers. Up the Yangtze is a new documentary that expounds upon China in transition.
Up the Yangtze is a beautifully crafted documentary. Chang displays artistry in the way he assembles his material. He captures China at a crossroads where he finds both guarded hope and epic sadness.
Up The Yangtze goes from sleepily hypnotic to riveting over the course of 90 minutes.
Chang's sensitive observational style allows the contrast between the unreality of the ship and the crushing hardship of the lives of Yu Shui's family to develop naturally
What Chinese Canadian filmmaker Yung Chang achieves in his documentary Up the Yangtze is remarkable.
This is a sad film to be sure, but highly accomplished and very effective.
In his masterful and haunting documentary Up the Yangtze, Yung Chang shows the old China drowning helplessly under the weight of the new.
In doing so he photographs a landscape and country going through profound change on an almost unimaginable scale, all of it building to a final scene that's chilling in its Joseph Conrad-like uncertainty.
In personalizing Mao's gargantuan Three Gorges Dam project, Yung Chang enables us to connect emotionally ... with the millions whose homes and livelihoods have been snatched out from under them ...
almost unbearably intimate
Its range of subjects and emotions cuts a surprisingly wide swath.
One of the real pluses of Up the Yangtze, aside from its empathy with its subjects, is its striking visual quality.
Up the Yangtze shows us the individual impact of a big picture that is changing the lives of millions.
By journey's end, Chang has found, in the Yangtze, a brilliant natural metaphor for upward mobility in modern China: Whether they hail from the lowlands or the urban centers, everyone here is scrambling to reach higher ground.
No one (as far as we see) died. Progress advanced. A sad, slow lament in the music ebbs away.
Filmmaker Yung Chang finds a sad and beautiful way to glimpse the big picture of dislocation through an exquisitely poised small study.
Yung Chang is a Canadian director whose grandparents came from China, and his witty, lovely and profoundly unsettling documentary Up the Yangtze takes him back to the legendary river of his grandfather's homeland, now transformed beyond recognition.
China's public image suffers another blow with Up the Yangtze, a docu mentary by Chinese-Canadian Yung Chang.
No words could be more eloquent or descriptive than Chang and cinematographer Wang Shi Qing's amazing footage.
An astonishing documentary of culture clash and the erasure of history amid China's economic miracle.
Should not be missed.
Far too many disparate themes are never woven together to explain the underlying purpose of the film's journey.
Just where is China taking us besides up the Yangtze River? Mr. Yung's film does not even pretend to know, and that is its great strength as it plunges more deeply into the truly unknown.
Chang gracefully juxtaposes the country and the metropolitan to express the knotted-up mixture of anguish, anger, hope, and trepidation of those in the dammed river's wake.
The most effective scene is Chang's brilliant time-lapsed filming of the Yangtze River rising and engulfing the embankment.
With all these lyrical elements in play, [director Yung] Chang's extraneous voiceover narration is baffling, and all but unbearable.
Yung Chang's always illuminating, often heart-rending, documentary.
For all its tranquil pace, Up The Yangtze captures perfectly a sense of frenzy and discontent that permeates everything.
[Director Yung Chang] and lenser Wang Shi Qing use powerful images, subtlety and a little humour to apprise the viewer of the human and cultural issues at stake.
A gloriously cinematic doc of epic, poetic sadness.



@highlight

Up the Yangtze is a visually stunning meditation about the changes confronting modern China.