Instead of attempting to create a unique thriller, the filmmakers chose to make a typical one with bland characters and lackluster twists.
it's hardly worth sticking around for the routine climax of this toothless thriller just to see the ocular sweets get all chewed up and mangled.
One dry hump of almost thrills that are incredibly lackluster and void of any sort of suspense or tension.
the direction of the film is fraught with problems, and one feels that the promising young cast deserved better than this.
A storyline that unimaginatively rehashes countless pivotal elements from other stalker-themed movies means that the whole production is a dull and pointless exercise that twists and turns in precisely the manner you expect it to.
It might be genius compared to Single White Female 2: The Psycho, but know that The Roommate is ultimately about as sensitive as that dtv sequel sounds.
It is as bland as movies get. There's not one single nod or wink to the audience and it never manages to develop even an iota of suspense. What's really weird is its complete reliance on a slick modern rock soundtrack that never seems to stop.
More fun than getting stabbed, at least.
... a Miss Teen "Fatal Attraction" ‒ with baked kitten replacing rabbit stew on the menu.
Christainsen chooses a teen-friendly rating over cheap titillation and his uneven tone squanders all the ingredients for a good horror movie completely.
Christiansen's witless, badly acted thriller is a throwback to the early 1990s.
Bunk.
A disaster from start to finish.
Elicits snores and guffaws thanks to workmanlike 'shock' moments and obvious twists.
The biggest jolt the film can muster comes when the viewer's head hits the back of the chair after nodding off
You could spend the entire movie texting your friends and not miss a thing, which I suppose its target audience may consider an asset.
The plot never picks up steam, there are gaping implausibilities and the characters are achingly dull, with the exception of Billy Zane's hilariously smarmy and sleazy professor.
There are some interestingly nasty moments and some chills, but it's predictable and derivative.
The Roommate can't be taken seriously - for all Meester's genuine efforts, it's basically moronic games with the mentally ill - but it also misses the opportunity to go for broke, into a zone of full-tilt trash that might at least have been some fun.
Billy Zane's toe-curlingly awful turn as a preening design professor turns out to be the main entertainment value on display.
Lacking any suspense or twists, it's entirely predictable, with every step telegraphed in advance but none of the scenes played out with any conviction.
Let down by a lazy script, a lacklustre leading performance from Minka Kelly and a frustrating tendency to cop out of the expected nasty moments.
This is trash of the tamest variety which elicits a few mild shudders at most.
Covering tediously familiar territory, this is only enlivened by the appearance of Billy Zane's fashion guru in a grey check tam-o-shanter declaring his love of Yves Saint Laurent.
Lazy, ugly, boring, inept, brainless, pointless, bloodless, tension-less, idea-less, suspense-less, naked-less, acting-less.
You can follow every dull detail and predictable plot device without ever glancing up from your cell phone.
The clichés come thick and fast in this ponderous thriller.
Cat lovers may be unnerved, but fright fans will just yawn their way to the exit.
The Roommate has the seed of a promising thriller in its premise yet never taps into the anxiety of discovering that the person designated to share your space makes you uncomfortable.
The blandest thriller unimaginable; it's like watching the vacuum of outer space on a screen for 93 minutes. The story and direction are so lobotomized, only some evil computer, using commercial-formulas and genre-algorithms, could have manufactured it.
As interesting as its title.
Evict this roommate.
A timid psychological study with no plausible psychology at work, the film is remarkable in its emptiness.
...an uneven, disappointingly tame entry within the otherwise solid blank-from-hell genre.
A thrill-free thriller...which dredges up every cliche of the genre and then bungles each and every one of them.
'The Roommate' is kind of a 'Single White Female' in a college setting. And it's not rated R, but PG-13, so the young woman demographic can enjoy getting scared.
The saddest thing about The Roommate is how the filmmakers exploit the clearly ill Rebecca, turning her into a co-ed version of Jason or Freddy Krueger.
So scare-free it's likely to find its destiny as a My First Horror Movie for tween-girl slumber parties.
Further impediments to this film's credibility are the facts that all the actors appear too old to be playing college students and the characters live on a campus that is eerily deserted.
This almost straight knock-off of 'Single White Female' is told in a colorless, A-to-Z manner with very little suspense, no clever twists, and no visual style.
Roommate in need of eviction.
A poorly directed and even more inadequately imagined exercise in genre calisthenics.
It would be presumptuous to declare that in the first weekend of February, we've already found the worst film of 2011... but The Roommate encourages that kind of presumption.
Lookalikes Meester and Kelly co-star in this frightless thriller. It is all predicable and has been done to death in many previous movies and TV shows.
Kelly and Meester hit their marks and look pretty doing it, while supporting players Cam Gigandet, Billy Zane and Aly Michalka fade into the background so blandly that viewers will never remember they were there.
The movie is exploitative schlock; both its  stars -- particularly Meester, who has something, although she herself has  perhaps not yet figured out what -- deserve better.
A suspense thriller sans the element of suspense is apt to disappoint even an audience arriving with low expectations.
No scares, no gore, no boobs, no anything: The Roommate plays like a thriller that's already edited itself for airplanes.
Lukewarm, sexually tinged thriller has some bloody scenes.
"The Roommate'' is dumb about psychology and suspense.
Don't bother.
It explores that roommates can be, you know, like a total drag sometimes.
The Roommate - the umpteenth uncredited remake of 1992's Single White Female - sucks bad, real bad.
Apparently the filmmakers didn't realize pretty faces, blood and alcohol don't automatically make a good horror movie. Well, at least they got a decent soundtrack out of it.
none of it adds up to much, as should be expected from a film that can't even get a good laugh out of Billy Zane playing a college professor
The suspense isn't suspenseful. The plot twists are transparent. The pacing of the film is rocky. And the movie has the subtlety of a gorilla with a jack-hammer.
It's efficiently-produced padding that can be used to fluff out the resumes of a few young Hollywood members.
We could not possibly care less.
The Roommate is a thriller with no thrills. Those hoping for compensation in the way of tasteful semi-naked scenes with the beautiful young cast can forget that, too.
It's exactly what you thought it would be: A plagiarized, campus-set Single White Female pitched to teens, The Roommate traces over scenes from Barbet Schroeder's sleepover classic with no notable improvement.
It's the stuff of a late-night channel-surfer's dreams. The film's sure-to-be-brief theatrical release is a mere stopover on the way to basic-cable eternity.
What's most memorable about this plodding thriller are the copious amounts of foundation and lip gloss.
Plot wise, the script is super generic, but the first act, as the two coeds get to know one another, moves at a nice pace.
Unfortunately, The Roommate is too timid to make an impression of any kind.
A master class in ineptitude.
Its most fiendish moment comes when one girl yanks out another's bellybutton ring. Not that -- anything but that!
In the theater where I saw it, the tedium was broken only by the sound of Angry Birds being played on iPhones.
With few scares and minimal characterization, The Roommate is really just a far-below-par thriller that desperately wishes it were a different movie -- a longing it shares with the audience.
If ever a thriller were to inspire a collective "eh," it's got to be "The Roommate." It's not a good movie, by any means, but it's also not bad enough to have fun hating on.
Without tension or suspense, the film is too gloomy and chaste to be a naughty exploitation picture but also too brainless to work as anything more real.
Innocent young college girl moves in with psycho roommate. You know the rest.
A dull, unpleasant thriller with no pulse, no thrills, and no soul. Staring into an empty movie theater with a black screen would be more appealing.
Won't evict "Single White Female" from its top-floor residence among psycho-roomie cinema.
It's a lazy, bloodless, pointless, boring piece of work, lacking even the conviction to deliver a little cheap exploitation.
A would-be psycho-thriller without one camera angle or line of dialogue to jolt you. It is awful, yet probably needs to make a ton just to earn back its lip-gloss budget.
How this meek thriller manages to cycle through so many titillating elements, without producing any actual titillation, is something of an accomplishment.
Labeling The Roommate a psychological thriller is like calling the Twilight films horror movies because they have vampires and werewolves in them.
The Roommate is Single White Female for the CW set, but even more so, it's a naked depiction of beauty as the key to attaining everything, and thus something to be coveted with murderous tenacity.
You want it to be satisfyingly stupid, and it is. A sense of humor about garbage like this goes a long way.
I can sum it up like this: no boobs, no blood, no point. Walk away from this one please!
Not only does the film fail to deliver one single chill, but it also looks dreadful -- cinematographer Phil Parmet delivers a constant dull murkiness, as though he filmed everything through a used coffee filter.
Danish director Christian E. Christiansen does nothing remotely chilling iwth the visuals or the tempo, so the movie leans heavily on John Frizzell's strident string-heavy score. Even efforts at playing the titillation game with his stars feel meek and PG.
Just about as inspired as its title.
The Roommate isn't just one of the worst films you'll ever see, it's one of the worst films you'll ever see directed by an Oscar nominee.
An unimaginative, unbearable moviegoing event...Crazy bitch, PG-13-o-nized cinema deserves a more captivating representation than these two wet-lipped paper dolls.

@highlight

Devoid of chills, thrills, or even cheap titillation, The Roommate isn't even bad enough to be good.