Pavich makes great use of the legendary and massive Dune flipbook Jodorowsky touted around Hollywood in the mid-'70s.
Considering the reaction to the Lynch film, the legend of Jodorowsky's Dune may prove more impressive than a finished film.
[Frank] Pavich has constructed one of the most exhilarating documentaries I've ever seen because his true subject is creativity.
For lovers of visionary films, this one is a gem.
An entertaining documentary exploration of what might have been, but also what came to be, thanks to the way the unproduced film ended up having a seminal impact on the future blockbuster landscape.
Not just for fanboys, the documentary is both an entertaining portrait of a unique pop-culture endeavor and an ebullient salute to the creative spirit.
Pavich shows us many images from the storyboard, and even treats some to a simple form of animation to suggest how the movie might have looked.
Herbert's tale is twisted into a barely recognizable rush of pretentions made entertaining by Jodorowsky's glee in describing them. At age 85 he remains a madman with immense personality.
When is a failure not a failure? This isn't a riddle or a trick question, but rather the unique scenario we're compelled to ponder while watching Jodorowsky's Dune.
Even if Jodorowsky's movie never got made, his wide-eyed belief in the medium is refreshing in an age when cinema's possibilities feel frustratingly limited.
From Star Wars to Alien to Blade Runner, without Jodorowsky who knows what science-fiction would look like today.
Jodorowsky's Dune may be indulgent, slightly made and steeped in idolatry in its ode to the imagination, but as wild stories unravel, it swiftly becomes apparent that no other approach would have been possible.
Jodorowsky's Dune ends up somewhere between the haunting imagery of missed opportunities and a long lunch with a chipper cult leader happy to explain what you missed.
Somehow more inspiring than disappointing, this account of Alejandro Jodorowsky's doomed effort to bring Dune to the big screen still manages to be a testament to artistic insanity and tenacity.
This affectionate documentary from director Frank Pavich tells the story of that lost film, offering copious storyboards and conceptual art, and yet it wisely makes the lively 80-something Jodorowsky the centerpiece.
[The documentary] has, in Alejandro Jodorowsky himself, an amazing, one-of-a-kind storyteller, whose enthusiasm for the film he didn't get to make is electrifying and magnetic.
Buffs with a love for cinema's secret history must make tracks for this extraordinary documentary ASAP.
Easily one of the most enjoyable documentaries about doomed film productions since Lost in La Mancha...Far from changing the way sci-fi would be, Jodorowsky's Dune could well have been a disaster that could have killed the genre.
Failure has rarely been told with such entertaining dedication.
Jodorowsky's worthy of this film, all on his own, but his Dune is certainly a worthy recipient as well. We'll never see it, but we have this.
The year's must-see doco for movie buffs.
The phantom film is, by its nature, always rich with possibilities.
This hypothetical hype-fest is alternately gonzo and tedious, though Jodorowsky can be an engaging self-promoter. There are some nice touches but it's all a bit much: too much of a muchness; too much hypo-hype; too much obsessing over what will never be.
Jodorowsky's 'Dune' could probably have never been as good as 'Jodorowsky's Dune'-- a thoroughly entertaining and inspiring movie.
It's a fascinating glimpse into the creative process, told from the points of view of the people who worked so hard on the project 40 years ago.
a true triumph
Will make you wish Hollywood would have given Jodorowsky everything he needed (or that we could at least Kickstart the difference).
This is the ultimate cinephile 'what if' story...
No one knows exactly what kind of film Jodorowsky's version of Dune would have been like. But what's for certain is that Jodorowsky's Dune is in itself an entertaining, fascinating portrait into what could have been.
This film lives and breathes on the enthusiasm of its main character. Jodorowsky's passion for his craft is infectious and inspiring. Otherwise, it's a strictly routine affair.
Why did it leave me so oddly happy, this story of a beautiful dream that never came true? Perhaps because there's beauty in the dreaming itself.
Aside from Jodorowsky's Dune being spectacularly entertaining and intriguing, as well as flat-out surprising, it also contains wonderful themes, worth carrying into any aspect of life.
Coulda been a contender: the Dune that never was
A funny, fascinating rumination on art, ambition and the fickleness of fate. It's also unique in the history of film: a documentary that goes behind the scenes of a movie for which not a single scene was ever shot.
Frank Pavich's new documentary on the obsessive Chilean surrealist's projected epic masterwork is very nearly as marvelous as "Jodo"'s adaptation of Frank Herbert's novel might have been.
Jodorowsky's vision of Dune still exists from whence it sprang: the realm of dreams, where its visionary power is still pure potential energy.
This documentary version of Jodorowsky's "Dune" is probably more entertaining than what Hollywood would have done to it, with a clearer message: Our lives are like sands though an hourglass, so dream the impossible dream.
Entertaining from its first outrageous pronouncement of messianic intent to its final concept painting of a reticulated spaceship spilling outer-space spice...
The story is something that could only happen in the 1970s. This was a time where Hollywood - and the world at large - were taking some significant risks.
That's the beauty of a documentary like Jodorowsky's Dune. It does a fascinating job of playing "what if?" without ever having to fully give in and realize it.
A deeply moving testament to single-minded, indefatigable commitment of creative vision and to an almost spiritual ability to let that vision go, thereby allowing it to exist in the world in an entirely unexpected form.
A fascinating and inspiring documentary that offers a tantalizing look at what could have been.
Imagining what if can be fun, especially when you consider the talent and vision the cult director envisioned for Herbert's interstellar epic.
The evidence presented in this film does suggest that, at the very least, Jodorowsky would have made a hallucinatory, one-of-a-kind epic that, for better or worse, would still be heavily discussed to this day.
An upbeat celebration of movie love and the creative process, brimming with entertaining anecdotes about 1970s Hollywood and what it's like to work with a mad (but very friendly) genius.
The most enjoyable behind-the-scenes look at moviemaking to come along in ages. It's even better because it's about a movie that never was.
'If you fail, it's not important. We need to try.'
Jodorowsky is a mesmerizing presence in director Frank Pavich's engrossing picture. He was 84 when much of it was shot.
This entertaining, uncritical documentary looks at a visionary director's quest to create the ultimate film from Frank Herbert's novel.
Jodorowsky's Dune gives you a good sense of what might have been, and judging by what we see, the picture might have accomplished what the director ultimately intended: "To mutate young minds."
The highlight of [the film] is the sheer enthusiasm of Alejandro Jodorowsky who viewed his acquisition of Frank Herbert's Dune as less of a film project and more as a life changing event.
Jodorowsky's enthusiasm is infectious, and the movie makes a strong case that his ideas, though never realized, ended up permeating later sci-fi movies.
... it's nice to dream, and Jodorwosky certainly offers up a wondrous image of what might have been.
What an extraordinary dream it could have been.
A movie about the greatest movie never made, and the man who never made it.
It leaves you wondering about how many artists are working on such wild dreams these days, and hoping it's more than you think.
"distinguishes itself by finding true inspiration in the shattered fragments of what was left."
minor hyperbole
Few of us get to change the world, but fewer still have the vision and ambition of Jodorowsky, and it's a heady thrill just to be in his orbit for a little while.
A taste of what might have been--and even if you doubt that the completed film would have been as remarkable as Jodorowsky and his admirers are inclined to claim, it's a tantalizing taste.
It's an outstanding combination of genius and missed opportunities.
Somehow it only makes sense that one of the best making-of-documentaries ever made is about a movie that actually wasn't (made, that is).
The epitome of a movie nerd's pipe dream.
The best way to watch this movie is as an account of an eccentric visionary maverick who could not be stopped or influenced by reason ...
We get an idea of what could have been via the colossal illustrated screenplay still lovingly held by Jodorowsky, who is every bit the dreamer in his 80s that he was in his youth.
Jodorowsky's Dune isn't just a movie about an aborted adaptation of a cult science-fiction novel, it's a documentary that offers the missing link between modern sci-fi spectacle and the drug-induced psychedelia of the 1960s.
Is Alejandro Jodorowsky's "Dune" the most influential movie never made?
Employing a mix of lively talking-head interviews and trippy animation based on Jodorowsky's sketchbooks and storyboards, Frank Pavich's documentary paints a tantalizing picture of the movie that might have been.
Fascinating. But calling it "the greatest movie ever made"? Fanboy, please...
85-year old Alejandro Jodorowsky lights up the screen with his still-young sense of humor and the obvious passion he still holds for the project that never was.
The film is a wealth of anecdotes ... told by people who are still enthusiastic about the project and still in disbelief that it failed to come to fruition.
We're free to imagine what might have been, and in doing so, Jodorowsky's Dune is fun, occasionally mind-blowing hooey.
Frank Savich's diverting documentary lets the 85-year-old filmmaker revisit a saga from the mid-'70s: his stellar two-year failure to adapt Frank Herbert's Dune for the screen.
A great seminar on creativity.
His stories feature an impressive roster of would-be collaborators (Salvador Dali, Orson Welles, H.R. Geiger, and Pink Floyd), and some of the set pieces he describes sound pretty neat.
Pavich's movie is more profound as a tribute to the imagination of visionary directors who can't realize their visions.
"Jodorowsky's Dune" is a lovely little tribute to a major league "What if?"
Tickles the imaginations of movie fans who see the art form as an unlimited opportunity to expand the mind.
The best parts of Jodorowsky's Dune explain just how a mad genius like Jodorowsky almost made the impossible possible, just by declaring it to be so.
A fascinating and depressing documentary about a visionary director and his impossible dream.
Pavich is clearly in awe of Jodorowsky (who wouldn't be?), but he still treads a fine line between buying the director's notions of a spiritual quest at face value and soberly detailing said journey's particulars.
Fascinating. (The film) helps to illuminate the tension-fraught dance between ambition and commerce that endures in Hollywood to this day.
Jodorowsky speaks with such passion and conviction that he turns into a lovably eccentric madman.
This documentary represents the righting of a wrong, finally giving a dreamer his due.
If you enjoy sci-fi, cult cinema, or messianic quests by quixotic lunatics, you will love this movie.
While it overplays the poor-misunderstood-artist angle, though "Jodorowsky's Dune" does at least give the filmmaker a stage.
I suspect that I would have lapsed into merciful sleep at some point in a four-hour Dune, but I had a very good time with Pavich's documentary and I believe in its magical vision.
Cheerfully partial and unapologetically deferential to its subject's operatic self-promotion, "Jodorowsky's Dune" makes you wish that he had scraped together the final $5 million needed, we are told, to realize his dream.
Frank Pavich's feature documentary is as close as we're ever going to get to seeing what might have been one of the great movies of the late 20th century.
'Jodorowsky's Dune' is, in a sense, activist filmmaking, trying to resurrect this film, even as an animated project, or at least get the storyboard book published.
For those with any interest in cult cinema or just the bizarre behind-the-scenes stories of any film production, Jodorowsky's Dune is a fascinating document of one of the most legendary films ever not made.
...like the ne plus ultra of blu-ray extras for a film that was never made.
We may never know if the midnight movie maestro's "Dune" would have been a game-changer or a head-scratcher. (Or both.) But the documentary about it is speculative catnip for cineastes of all stripes.
...essential viewing for fans of the fantastic.
Jodo, now 85, is such a magnetic, life-affirming presence, it's clear Hollywood wasn't ready for his "Dune."
The message to take from Jodorowsky's Dune: movies once had brains and balls, and lost them.
It's an ode to what it means to make a film with unbridled creativity, without limits and without concern for commercial calculation.
"Flash Gordon" probably looked cool at the storyboard stage, too. If "Jodo" was such a genius, why didn't he make some other masterpiece instead?
Catnip for those who like to pore over forgotten pop-culture footnotes, this documentary gets plenty of mileage out of its grand question of what-if.
Fascinating and perversely uplifting ...
Pavich's fun documentary captures an unbowed, exuberant Jodorowsky, who recalls his team of "spiritual warriors" with the camaraderie of a battle-scarred veteran.
[VIDEO ESSAY] Documentarian Frank Pavich struck cinematic gold when he got the blessing from Jodorowsky and "Dune's" former producer Michel Seydoux to make a movie about Jodorowsky's journey to make the film.
A lively slice of exploratory nonfiction portraiture [that] serves as a reminder... we can be celebrated for the manner in which we conduct ourselves in noble defeat.
This is a film that is largely about Jodorowsky himself... but also about the way sci-fi movies have grown, changed, and mutated over the years.
Director Pavich, his first time at bat, has crafted an unalloyed pleasure of a documentary, especially for those of us who care about Dune, about sci-fi, and about the value and power of creative passion.
A must-see for filmmakers, aficionados, dreamers, doers and 'warriors' of all ilk.
A sublime documentary that asks the renowned helmer, proud artist, and part-time madman to walk the audience through his vision for the greatest cinematic epic that never came to be.
...an intriguing and frequently fascinating documentary...
The documentary suggests the collaborations and creative ferment Jodorowsky fostered leave a legacy that lasts to this day.
In an interesting coda, many examples are cited that may or may not be instances of the creative team recycling designs and ideas in other films.
if you've got that Jodorowsky T-shirt aping the Judas Priest logo, you may as well start lining up now.
Highly entertaining.
Director Frank Pavich's entertaining documentary makes the case for this overblown epic as a legendary lost masterpiece.
Hailed as one of the great films never to be made, its content and structure have been much debated by Dune and film fans, but with Frank Pavich's film the truth behind the deliriously bold plans are finally revealed.

@highlight

Part thoughtful tribute, part bittersweet reminder of a missed opportunity, Jodorowsky's Dune offers a fascinating look at a lost sci-fi legend.