It's slow, atmospheric and rather good, with the underlying sadness that Williams brought to most of his serious roles. Still, at least he leaves us with a smile on his face.
[The] Boulevard becomes predictable, despite [Robin] Williams' strong, controlled performance.
[Robin] Williams's dedication to Nolan's late-in-life awakening makes it worth the effort.
A flimsy, contrived drama, sure - but as Robin Williams' sensitive final lead performance the story gains a weight it scarcely deserves and a resonance nobody ever wanted.
Boulevard is a tender portrait of a man about to shatter an illusion he's created for himself.
[Williams] is enormously likeable as Nolan, a man with secrets that no one is interested in hearing. Baker is an especially strong performer. But all deserve a better script.
This dark, introspective drama hinges on one of Robin Williams' final film performances before his death in 2014.
Like its protagonist, this is an almost painfully shy and unrevealing film.
There is nothing exceptional about Boulevard but it is sincere and Williams invests his character with a touching sense of weary, wistful sadness.
It's a lugubrious, creaky affair, as Williams squishes up his face and droops his shoulders with a coyness that can be downright embarrassing.
Robin Williams' final released film is built around one of his finest performances.
Quietly heartbreaking.
Williams could exude charisma on screen like almost nobody else, but here he just exudes sorrowful introspection.
A plodding misfire.
Williams is completely believable as a man who's allowed life to pass him by, never stopping to question what it is he really wants or who he really is.
It reminds you that Williams was a born empathiser - even more so, perhaps, than he was a born comic.
There's no emotional eloquence.
A less than worthy denouement to Robin Williams' fine career.
The late, great Robin Williams brings great nuance to the anguished Nolan's inner struggle in a slight but sensitive story about a man facing a life-changing choice.
The final starring role for actor Robin Williams is an uncharacteristically reserved performance in what proves a disappointing swansong for the late comedian.
Montiel serves his material with quiet proficiency, without ever exhibiting the affinity that powered his acclaimed 2006 debut A Guide to Recognizing Your Saints.
It reminded me of how just good this Oscar winning actor could be when he shed himself, on screen, of his unique comedic gifts. He is certainly missed.
Boulevard is a dramatic representation of it never being too late to live the life you want to live. Robin Williams sculpted this complex performance and it just so happens to be his swan song. It's a distressing, but elegant note to go out on.
A sincere and compassionate performance by Robin Williams in his final role can't rescue this bittersweet coming-out drama.
While it's tempting to read a deeper subtext into this story of a desperately unhappy man trying to claw his way out of his stifling life, the undercurrent of melancholy always informed [Williams'] performances.
It's a wonderful thing to see Robin Williams in full again, one of the generation's great actors transporting us into the depths of a wounded soul.
Boulevard itself moves toward an obvious conclusion with no surprises along the way; it runs out of steam after about an hour.
While it's all too clear that Nolan is unhappy - he also has an ailing dad to care for - the thoughts inside his head remain stubbornly opaque.
Boulevard was Williams's last movie, which means its melancholy lands a little harder than it would have otherwise.
This is certainly a believable story, but it's one we've seen before, and neither screenwriter Douglas Soesbe nor director Dito Montiel has found a way to elevate it into something that challenges or inspires.
[Williams] remains a presence of grace in a film that is otherwise not up to his very particular talents.
Unfortunately, the movie plods; you can always see where it's going or trying to go. It also feels incomplete.
Montiel almost ruins the somber ambiance with hysterics, but it's Williams (and co-star Kathy Baker) who hold interest, portraying a complex study of self with exceptional humanity.
Boulevard is nonetheless a fitting final film for Williams -- flawed but confirming of the breadth of his talents.
I wanted Williams to go out with a bang, not a whimper.
a story far too fraught with convenient coincidences to be much more than a vehicle for Williams' considerable depth and humanity
Williams' protagonist is so weak and eager to open his wallet, you just feel sorry for him.
Williams delivers a performance of mannered, sometimes heart-wrenching restraint. But something closer to cautiousness tamps down the film.
A relentlessly dour, mopey character study with little to set it apart.
Williams does a terrific job portraying Nolan's ambivalence, the mix of fear, guilt, and excitement that grips him and the gradual change he undergoes in the ensuing weeks.
In Dito Montiel's treacly, programmatic film, Williams succumbs to a recurring neediness, earnestness, and sentimentality.
If the movie is cheesy at times, it more often presents an understanding of life's contradictions and compromises.
Nolan is inconceivable as someone anybody would want to be married to, and it's impossible to believe he could maintain a friendship. In scene after scene, his co-stars put out energy and Williams absorbs it, reflects on it and gives back sadness.
Here it is, the late Robin Williams' last onscreen appearance to be released, and it is difficult to ignore the face of a man who appears to just want to end it all...This is the type of Indie film that mistakes relentless misery for high art.
Boulevard is a sad, hesitant little movie about a sad, hesitant little man. That may be a far cry from the Robin Williams roles we knew and loved, but it's not a bad one on which to go out.
[There is] a strange restraint that's rare for [Williams], but in the jarring way.
Though straining credibility, this movie testifies once again to Robin Williams's ability to play serious roles.
Even if the movie stumbles over a few clunky plot turns, Williams' final live-action performance is a powerful one, still and deep, calling on limitless reserves of pain and longing.
Williams and director Dito Montiel are in tune with a pervading sense of tenderness, as the movie distinctly ruminates on connection, not love.
Robin Williams has done better work and there are movies where the story is somewhat more fresh, but there is still an undeniable strength to Boulevard.
The entire film, although it deals with a man's burgeoning passion, ultimately feels as mousy as Nolan himself.
All in all, it's just a sad story, sadly told. And here's the saddest thing of all - it's one of the last stories Robin Williams will ever give us.
The movie is mapped out too easily, but Williams carries the movie. He brings a palpably forlorn desperation, and a clear desire for inner peace.
All the film's problems are secondary to Williams himself.
There is never a moment in "Boulevard" when you can't feel Williams trying to push through the labored script to the bitter truth of Nolan's agony.
It isn't especially well directed or incisively written, and its ending is frustratingly vague. The main attraction is Mr. Williams's relentlessly dour performance.
Boulevard is a movie that feels at least a decade past its sell-by date, if not two.
A frustrating ending to a stellar career, a cramped and melancholy film about a cramped and melancholy man.
A frustrating mixed bag of a film, but one that does more good than not.
As Robin Williams' final film, it tolls a wonderful bell for the legacy of a distinguished career.
"Boulevard" consistently evokes the road not traveled, but doesn't particularly stand out alongside other dramas that have explored the same terrain.
I spent the movie aching for its star, not its characters.
Boulevard is as empty and anonymous as its eponymous stretch of road.
Boulevard is just sad, in more ways than one.
A celebration of little words that can make a big difference.
Boulevard is a little too afraid of noise, a bit too intimidated by its own lechery.
[Boulevard] is well written, acted and directed, and yet somehow never manages to surprise. That approach has its advantages, however.
Williams summons a low-simmering sadness in a bittersweet turn that makes you rue all the roles we'll never get to see him play.
The best thing about Boulevard is to once again witness the depth and subtlety Robin Williams was able to give to a performance.
Tender but unsentimental.
Robin Williams delivers a moving performance.
Robin Williams' downbeat final film is well-intentioned, well-played, but thin, predictable and seriously dated.
Downright dull.

@highlight

Boulevard features a richly layered performance from Robin Williams, but that may be this dour drama's sole distinctive feature.