This undistinguished French drama limps through familiar workplace-hell territory without yielding much in the way of laughs or thrills.
It is strange how un-French the film really is: Roman Polanski would have had a field day with this material.
Despite the odd false note, Love Crime's depiction of corporate backstabbing is scarily believable, yet it's as a perversely twisted modern film noir that the film delivers its biggest pleasures.
While the second half is no stronger or weaker than the first, what it does confirm are any earlier suspicions that this is no more than a piece of competently executed French popcorn cinema along the lines of 2008's Anything For Her.
This French dramatic thriller is so gleefully trashy that it's rather entertaining, as long as you don't try to take it seriously. Sleek and seductive, it's a pungent tale that plays out like a particularly lurid corporate soap.
Implausible perhaps, but the twists on Working Girl and All About Eve are intriguing and strongly acted.
What a disappointment.
The central performances are compelling but the two American characters are wholly unconvincing.
[P]ure nefarious fun, as a satire of office politics and corporate sociopathy, for one of the most cleverly executed crimes I've ever seen on film, for its base feminism... for all the definitions of base.
Corneau paints the business scenes with brushstrokes that aren't always credible but is better at the psychological battle between the two women, aided by very watchable performances from Scott Thomas and Sagnier.
The interplay between the two very different leads and the involving, increasingly dark story keep things moving along nicely.
This is an ingeniously plotted film, and the two superb performances at its centre compensate for any implausibilities.
A tepid and unsurprising drama that overstays its welcome.
Love Crime has some intriguing touches, but a good deal of hammy acting as well, and the crucial murder scene is bafflingly accompanied by an ill-chosen Japanese-flavoured dinner-jazz soundtrack that kills the tension.
A great thriller may yet be made about women competing in the workplace, but this French trifle from Alain Corneau ain't it.
All About Eve gone Gallic? Pretty much ...
Quite watchable, sustained by the mechanics of an intriguing murder plot rather than convincing human drama.
Enjoyably trashy, subtly subversive Euro thriller with a strong script and a pair of terrific performances from Kristin Scott Thomas and Ludivine Sagnier.
This chillingly acted thriller is convoluted but compelling.
We can only hope that Brian De Palma's forthcoming remake, Passion, is a lot more satisfying.
It is less fertile territory than what has gone before but no less satisfying for mystery fans and Sagnier shines in a role that really does allow her to run the gamut from innocent victim to femme fatale.
Engrossing for about half its length, thanks especially to the icy Thomas, who switches back and forth between seductive charm and cold-blooded psychological cruelty, and between English and apparently flawless French.
And you think your last performance review went poorly.
This often predictable mash-up of "All About Eve," "Disclosure" and "Fatal Attraction" is elegantly twisted enough to keep one's mind from wandering.
The film's cleverness is undeniable -- and it's not every day that you find two performers like Kristin Scott Thomas and Ludivine Sagnier pitted against each other.
Love Crime may not have much to do with love, but the crimes are meanly delicious.
The movie veers off in a different direction about two-thirds of the way through; the shift is initially jarring but eventually rewarding.
Love Crime is a slick French cinema croissant filled with sweet and sour revenge. It may not leave much of an aftertaste, but while you're experiencing it, it's savory.
Would anyone really perpetrate a scheme as complicated and risky as Isabelle's? Not likely - but that's why we go to the movies.
This is a ridiculous movie - a thriller so indifferent to suspense, so above mystery that one character literally stabs another in the front.
Ludivine Sagnier gives one of her best performances in this seductively nasty "business-world" thriller.
Love Crime deconstructs the genre by showing how to put together a mystery in order to deceive and manipulate those who would try to take it apart.
Every office scene feels so blatantly like an actor trying to create an approximation of what office work and banter feels like, that it amounts to spending the entirety of a marionette show watching the puppeteer and not the puppets.
Hell hath no fury like a woman scorned. Especially one in a power suit, who knows how to work a room.
Alain Corneau once again looks at female friendship between mentor and protege in the workplace, where power struggles become all, but unlike "Fear and Trembling," ..."Love Crime" is a cross between a Chabrolian murder mystery and "All About Eve."
One of the best thrillers to come along in a while.
If the prospect of having the rug pulled out from under you repeatedly sounds appealing, then it's a big "oui."
On the one hand, you have to admire such obsessive mise en scene; on the other, there's something wrong with a suspense film when the sets are more interesting than the characters.
Corneau, a veteran of police procedurals and workplace dramas, skillfully plays out the scenarios of gamesmanship and humiliation, backstabbing and catfighting.
The craftsmanship lifts this genre exercise above the routine.
The two lead performances make it work, even if the plot eventually seems devious for its own sake.
It's all tease in the first half, and all implausibilities in the second. Still, Thomas is always worth watching, in French or in English, whether her mood be chilly or tropical.
In the first scene alone, there are plenty of boundaries broken between senior executive Christine and her protégé Isabelle to give any human resources manager a heart attack.
A sexy exploitation film that mixes the audience into a clever torte of intrigue with a frosting of Schadenfreude.
I'm already looking for an excuse to see it again.
The two-handed duet at the center of Love Crime radiates, but the parade of easily parodied men who stomp in and out of their corporate offices just seem like script rejects from Mad Men.
It is a bit of dark fun before it turns preposterous and unsatisfying, piffle dressed up in steely sang-froid.
Has the cool, understated tension that marked the suspense films of Claude Chabrol as well as [Patricia] Highsmith's examimations of human malevolence. If their works are to your taste, this should suit it as well.
A twisty French drama about office competition and revenge that's the final film from director Alain Corneau, who passed away last year.
A super-cool thriller in the style of Alfred Hitchcock and Claude Chabrol.
More cold fish than cold-blooded, director Alain Correau keeps his movie buttoned up and predictable.
Without a plausible backdrop, all that's left of Love Crime are the power games between two duplicitous women and the serpentine plotting that results. And even that, under the slightest scrutiny, frays like a thin layer of tissue paper.
A delicious thriller that gets under the skin à la "All About Eve," albeit with a twist: The craft here is still theater, but of the workplace rather than the stage.
It is interesting and ingenious, even if some of the kinky, queasy fascination that had been so intoxicating in the earlier scenes ebbs away.
A brisk, messy, and wholly laughable take on cutthroat business politics
Corneau got his start directing simple, effective cop movies and Love Crime's second half is sort of a return to form.
There are definitely enough ideas in it to create a good picture, but a complete lack of empathy leaves Love Crime as just an exercise.
While Corneau delivers a slick, well-acted piece with a surprising mid-movie twist, Love Crime is too thin and too on-point to deliver the jolt he and co-screenwriter Nathalie Carter most likely intended.
Pretty good French suspenser, as elegant and yet somehow forgettable as a nouvelle cuisine repast at the hot bistro of the moment.
Love Crime soon plummets into a flashback-laden mess, a shame since it was marginally stronger as a psychosexual game of dominance.
A delicious puzzle: not a whodunit but, rather, a story in which you try to figure out how she's going to get away with it..smart, vicious and oh so tasty.
Even KST is left floundering as the misconceived, underwritten totem of today's amoral, power-mad executive, wearing flowing trousers and medallion necklaces not seen since Faye Dunaway demanded a meeting in Network.
Ludivine Sagnier and Kristin Scott Thomas are the reasons to watch Alain Corneau's overly convoluted tale of corporate one-upmanship and murder.
The action comes from interior forces within highly intelligent, accomplished people in a battle of wits. It doesn't come from chasing a perp or a vic down the Champs-Elysees.
A highly focused and well-directed French psychodrama set in the corporate world where power plays and competition can lead to disastrous events.
The backstabbing endemic in office politics becomes exquisitely literal.
[VIDEO] "Love Crime" is a meaty little corporate thriller that pulls the rug from clichés of the genre. A great French thriller never gets old. This one promises to age very well.
Unfortunately, Alain Corneau's film lacks the camera movements and swelling soundtrack to make this classic melodrama in the grand tradition. It's more akin to TV soap opera.
The elaborate schemings which occupy the second half are really quite implausible. It's enjoyable enough on a certain level, but not a very high one.
With actors as accomplished as Scott Thomas and Sagnier, the film could hardly be dull, and it isn't. Sagnier's performance is superb, and a tribute to Corneau's skill with two very fine actors.
Rather than contemplating the tension of performance, we are resigned to watching the elements of the story click mechanically and rather drearily into place.
Office politics take a deadly turn in French thriller.
Employing laborious black-and-white flashbacks in the formulaic second half, Love Crime begins to feel strained, and while there are a handful of thrills, they're too few and far between.
A thriller about relationships as a lever to power and influence
Ambition at any price is the theme of this riveting psychological thriller in which Ludivigne Sagnier and Kristin Scott Thomas go head to head in a tale that is a study in tension
It's a competently told tale, though vanilla to the point of being sterile, particularly early on. But it is also a film that ratchets up the tension nicely.
...so staid, and stuffy, there's barely any room to delight in its potentially devious pleasures or forgive the implausibility of its increasingly strained plotting.
...an utterly misguided (and surprisingly unwatchable) piece of work.


@highlight

Director Corneau's swan song, Love Crime is smart and typically well-directed, but too thin and formulaic to overcome its melodramatic trappings.