How much one remains held by all this probably depends on how much one is interested by the case-book aspect of Carol's story, but at least there are ample visual compensations.
The young Catherine Deneuve (she was 22 at the time of filming) gives a performance so unsettling and so precise, I can barely believe she grew into such a confident screen presence.
Roman Polanski takes us on a deeply disturbing, hallucinatory trip into Catherine Deneuve's mental breakdown in this British psychological thriller,
Deneuve gives an astonishing, clinically accurate performance ...
Deneuve, as the woman whose fear of sexual contact is at the base of her neurosis, has seldom been less like her icy self.
A film that expertly shows without ever telling, even while the symbolism is a mite heavy handed.
There can't be many other films which so plausibly show an entire, warped world created from a single point of view.
Polanski makes us psyche-cine intruders, able to come and go as we please. It is this that makes the film so unsettling and perversely enigmatic.
It's been an inspiration ever since for films about claustrophobic hysteria, but not necessarily in a good way ...
Filled with indelible images and punishing sound design, Repulsion casts a shadow over everything from Eraserhead to Black Swan, but there's nothing quite like the real thing.
A peerless Freudian nightmare, frequently revisited but seldom matched in its desire and terror, its visual-aural flow, and its queasy voyeuristic pleasure in seeing a frosty princess picking at her own skin
Repulsion is a masterpiece of horror that is not to be missed and can be open to many interpretations.
As psychological horror films go, there are more than a few that get the psychology better than this, but almost none that come within spitting distance of the horror.
You may feel the urge to laugh out of sheer need to break the tension, and Polanski knows it.
Its ability to conjure monsters from its heroine's id remains unparalleled.
Repulsion wastes no time before plunging its audience into the frighteningly disturbed mindset of its central character.
a riveting horror thriller, one that cuts through the simple and comforting categories of good and evil
The director deploys suspense techniques with surrealistic touches -- both of which would seem dated today were they not so sharply weaved together.
Polanski dares the viewer to plunge into that eye and through the psychic rabbit hole that is its owner's increasingly unhinged personality. [Blu-ray]
... a masterfully conducted portrait in madness...
Although it cannot quite live up to its reputation, Polanski's startling psychological horror film is a bona fide genre classic.
Haunting and ominous from first frame to last, Polanski's first English film is a masterpiece, a subtle horror tale about the descent into madness of an isolated, sexually repressed woman, stunningly played by Catherine Deneuve who was only 22 at the time
A story of sexual repression of such magnitude necessarily treads on Freudian ground but Polanski resists any urge to plumb the psychological depths of his tortured protagonist.
Roman Polanski's first English-language film is still a creepy little horror masterpiece.
Roman Polanski's1965 psychological thriller uncoils like a primordial poisonous snake disguised by unfathomable beauty that conceals its deadly feminine bite
its ability to conjure monsters from its heroine's id remains unparalleled
At second glance, or as often as a moviegoer can bear to peek through his knotted fingers, it is a Gothic horror story, a classic chiller of the Psycho school and approximately twice as persuasive.
Roman Polanski's first film in English is still his scariest and most disturbing.
If hell is in the details, Roman Polanski has captured it here in his disturbing portrait of falling into psychosis.
An intense psychological thriller from the master of the genre.
Deneuve, without much dialog, handles a very difficult chore with insight and tact.
Roman Polanski made his international name with this genuinely frightening black-and-white nightmare.
A methodical but fairly repellent exercise in claustrophobic horror.
A potent cocktail of sexual repression, madness and violence, this chiller is one of Roman Polanski's best.
Its two-way prism of audio-visual embellishments intuits a woman's fractured psyche and catches super-cool flashes of the audience's perverse cine-desires.
The ordeal we and Polanski craved for Deneuve turned out to be just a sport, and we were the ball -- just as we'd hoped.
Still perhaps Polanski's most perfectly realised film, a stunning portrait of the disintegration, mental and emotional, of a shy young Belgian girl (Deneuve) living in London.
This is Roman Polanski's most microscopically focused tale of paranoia, and arguably his greatest achievement.
Polanski retrata a ruptura psíquica da protagonista de forma genial, utilizando não apenas a bela performance de Deneuve, mas também os movimentos de câmera e cenários.
A masterpiece of psychological horror
Polanski displayed a much more troubling kind of thinking, forever banishing the possibility of safety for his characters.
Polanski's best by a wide margin. The walls! The walls!
Prepare yourself to be demolished when you go to see it -- and go you must, because it's one of those films everybody will soon be buzzing about.
If it's the sense of isolation that gives Repulsion its greatest resonance, it's Polanski's astonishing control of the medium of film that makes it all work.
A fascinating if slow-moving study of the onset of madness.
One of the most frightening and disturbing pictures ever made.
A contemporary audience might find the horror in Repulsion occurring too little, too late, but the fun of the movie is in the details, the careful etching of the mind of a woman cracking under the strain of her alienation.
A film that seems as fresh as the day it was released.
Repulsion is perhaps Polanski's and Deneuve's finest hours.
Repulsion is a frightening, fiercely entertaining experience that holds up to time.
Deneuve gives a scary and believable performance as a young woman who has never been completely integrated and who loses all sanity while we watch.
This is an austere, scary, and timeless Grand Guignol work -- one with little dialogue.
The beauty of this film is that as it carries us along we see how Carole's every reaction makes sense, even whilst occasional glimpses through the eyes of others show clearly that she has completely lost it.








@highlight

Roman Polanski's first English film follows a schizophrenic woman's descent into madness, and makes the audience feel as claustrophobic as the character.