Overall, Lost River isn't worth its rental fee, unless you absolutely must see Gosling's effort for yourself. Otherwise, take my word for it-wait until Ryan Gosling makes another movie.
Lost River is little more than "cool shots, bro."
While 'Lost River' might not be a model of narrative efficiency, it's got more striking moments and memorable images than a season of studio product.
Either you will hate it for being pretentiously artsy or love it as a mesmerising mess.
Lost River is a hugel y impressive debut, even if it is ultimately flawed. It feels like a first feature, and that's OK, and displays an art and eye from Gosling you might not have thought he possessed.
That Gosling is so serious about his inconsequential pronouncements, makes this mess more of a mess.
It all descends into blood and fire as Gosling sifts through his Blu-ray collection to share the images and moods he loves. Does it work as a movie? Nah, not really. But as cinematic mix tapes go, it's kind of cool.
Lost River is absolutely not going to be for everybody but that's precisely why it's worth your time. Gosling's first outing is hopefully not going to be his last.
Writer-director-producer Ryan Gosling creates one of the most unwatchable films in years. "Lost River" is a noir nightmare that desperately tries to channel David Lynch, but fails miserably.
Everything ... is painfully obvious or patently nonsensical.
Ryan Gosling's stylish and evocative directorial debut shows some potential even if his script is a muddled and incoherent mess.
Ryan Gosling has taken many great visual skills from his time with director Nicholas Winding Refn, but unfortunately his writing still has a long way to go, turning Lost River into an aimless and bland experience to rival Refn's own Only God Forgives.
Indulgent and movie-like, Lost River is Gosling's weird, let's-do-this-thing folly. If it is a statement, it is one made by borrowing the vivid styles of the actual filmmakers he seems to admire ...
Designed to daze and confuse, and succeeding, Ryan Gosling's directorial debut is a stunner in visual terms alone.
Nothing wrong with a bit of hero-worship/homage, but Ryan Gosling's writing/directing debut is a little too self-Refn-rential for its own good.
Stylized drama about poverty has some disturbing violence.
...what might happen if David Lynch were ever to shoot a nature documentary.
While Lost River isn't some misunderstood masterpiece, neither is it as awful as advertised.
Ryan Gosling's directorial debut is avowedly arty and rich to the point of bursting its seams.
Ryan Gosling is a tremendously talented actor, but he should really leave the storytelling to someone else.
Worth a gamble. Hell, you might love it.
Gosling may craft the occasional moment of strange, demented beauty, but his reliance on dream logic and over-use of the sub-Terrence Malick-style imagery that has pervaded American indie cinema in recent years doesn't convince.
It's presumably a labour of love, yet it doesn't give you any sense of a personality or imagination behind the camera.
When it premiered at Cannes last year, Gosling's urban fairytale was greeted with jeers. It should have been met with cheers.
Lost River is a bit of a mess, yes, but it should not be dismissed outright. There are some interesting ideas here, and although it is never pleasant or easy to watch, Lost River isn't a lost cause-it's just uneven.
De Caestecker is the real star of this show, with an effortless performance full of heart.
"Lost River" is one of those weird films that I think some people will absolutely adore, grabbing on to its performances, imagery, and ideas, without really caring that they haven't been stitched together in an interesting enough way.
Gosling isn't making "Lost River" to be loved. He's purging demons here, scratching film appreciation itches, demanding a type of adventurous moviegoer who can digest the random and celebrate the insane.
A pretentious burlesque of a film in which you are never entirely sure what Gosling is trying to say.
An often dazzling and always thought-provoking modern fairy tale that's never less than beautiful to look at.
"Lost River" is indeed a mess, but it's the best mess possible, an evocative grab-bag of images and moods with a heartfelt sincerity and conflicting impulses of romantic melancholy and hardscrabble hopefulness.
Ryan Gosling's directorial debut is a misfiring, wildly self-indulgent affair, but with flickerings of brilliance along the way. Individual sequences play like short films in their own right.
[Gosling] seems to have dug up some lurid offcuts from a Nicolas Winding Refn movie, and mashed then up with David Lynch and Edward Hopper.
Gosling is clearly angling for a parable on American consumerism, but he's more concerned with arresting fantasy-noir visuals, surreal dreamscapes and weird atmospheres than a coherent story.
At heart, "Lost River" is a midnight movie for those ready to find it and go with the flow.
The movie owes a sizable debt to David Lynch and to Nicolas Winding Refn, who directed Mr. Gosling in "Drive" and "Only God Forgives," but it reveals Mr. Gosling as a filmmaker with a poetic sensibility of his own.
If you're willing to go with it, it'll sweep you away.
Mediocrity, in this instance at least, denotes complacency, and Lost River exhibits on every level a "will-this-do?" quality.
Lost River is a film whose reputation precedes it. Viewers have decried it as a mess or lauded it as an artistic achievement ever since it premiered at Cannes 11 months ago. Ultimately, the film is really neither.
Plays more like a curious, sincere experiment of a promising new storyteller rather than the egotistical self-indulgence of an A-List actor.
Where Gosling goes wrong is in the priggish bombast. Instead of Refn and Lynch's self-contained worlds, he attempts Serious Commentary about the American Dream. But the actor shows no understanding of how poverty works.
With his writing-directing debut, Ryan Gosling shows audacious skill as a visual artist but never quite manages to recount a story that grabs hold of the audience...
Everything in it passes before the eyes before seeping out of the memory, which, given how ugly some of it is, is just as well.
The film proves that Gosling has refined taste in movies, and that he's a quick study, but not that he has much to say as an artist. Not yet, anyway.
Lost River comes across as the work of a poseur, but it's not that far away from being the striking, left-field cult vision Gosling clearly hoped it would be.
Gosling gets points for style but Lost River proves he's not quite ready for prime time as a filmmaker.
It comes across like the college coursework of a film student trying to convince the girl of his dreams that he is 'deep' and that he 'gets stuff'.
The story, more a tangle of violent, symbolic gestures, regards economic exploitation with fetishistic, impossibly overdetermined abandon.
"Lost River" is no misunderstood masterpiece, but at its best it makes you hope Gosling takes what works here and develops it into something stronger next time.
For half an hour, you have no clue what you're watching. Is it Malickian myth-making, a Lynchian bad trip, or Refn-style violent revenge? Then you realise Gosling has no idea either ...
An often risibly pretentious film that seems relentlessly drawn to the incomprehensible.
Lost River is a daring film that wears its influences with pride, but there's something missing as Gosling leads us into a dark abyss of Gothic clubs, dancing Aussies, and underwater mysteries.
At its worst, Lost River is a film to be looked at, not experienced, but at least it always looks intriguing.
After a strong, visually striking, resonant start, Lost River quickly descends into a fugue of memorable imagery signifying little and regularly abandons its established motifs for others.
It's fitting that in the credits [Gosling] thanks Guillermo del Toro, though perhaps he really should thank David Lynch.
A gruesome fairy tale of evil banks and sunken dreams, Lost River is a fantastically awful misfire from actor turned writer/director Ryan Gosling.
Any five minutes of the film would be well-suited to a cool music video, with only the last fifteen minutes or so threatening to become genuinely, giddily unhinged.
These days models turn designer, footballers become managers - and actors direct. Why not? Lost River, Ryan Gosling's directorial debut, is why not.
The film is ultimately kind of juvenile and dumb, and there are more moments where you'll roll your eyes rather than inwardly applauding.
It's an oneiric hymn to destruction, an Armageddon anthem - a movie to see, if at all, under the influence.
To say that Ryan Gosling's directorial debut feels more like a practice run than a true first feature sounds like condemnation, but the result of his experimentation is a striking and often mesmerising muddle.
For Gosling, Lost River has treacherous waters indeed.
Ryan Gosling wanted to make an art film and, despite some dull patches, pretty much succeeded.
A chimeric stroke job that leaves you utterly unfulfilled.
It's the work of a surprisingly confident and experimental young filmmaker, even if he's not yet confident enough to move beyond his influences.
An over-cooked affair that lacks much needed wit and humour to go alongside its self-aware art intentions.
For "River" read "Opportunity" or "Any Sense Of Proportion Or Humility" or maybe just "Mind".
A film so mind-bogglingly pleased with itself that the words "five stars - a masterpiece - Ryan Gosling" might as well appear on the poster.
A visual and aural sensory bath that shows some real flair but feels madly derivative at every moment.
Ryan Gosling makes an altogether inauspicious debut with this risible slab of Detroit gothic.

@highlight

Lost River suggests that debuting writer-director Ryan Gosling may have a bright future as a filmmaker, but it doesn't hold together well enough to recommend on its own merit.