Well-etched character piece about a high-spirited philanthropist (Richard Gere) with no family...writer/director Andrew Renzi keeps things straightforward and gets terrific performances out of Gere and especially Theo James.
All three stars are left adrift in a dull drama filled with good intentions and not a whole lot else.
The only good thing that makes this movie worth seeing it's Gere's performance. [Full review in Spanish]
Believe me when I say that not even a single scene in this film works. Gere is terrible here and the plot goes on and on to nowhere. [Full review in Spanish]
A film that could have been a lot more, like a good comedy or an exciting thriller, but it ends up being absolutely nothing. [Full review in Spanish]
Not even Gere's performance is good enough to recommend this terrible movie. [Full review in Spanish]
Everyone, especially Fanning, gives fine performances. But Andrew Renzi, making his feature debut, directs and edits this television-style drama as if it were a Hitchcockian thriller, leading to expectations of a payoff that never arrives.
Presented in a rather unique way, without feeling contrived when doing so.
Gere is watchable but constrained by a rushed screenplay that never gives us a proper handle on the man. The potentially intriguing character dynamics fail to splutter into life.
Gere is very good as the larger-than-life Franny but the film is too slight to do his performance justice.
The Benefactor loses whatever anarchic spark it may have had, leaving us with an increasingly empty symphony of its star's repertoire of heavy breathing, blinking and out-of-context laughing.
Fanning (criminally underused) and James have so little meat to their roles, they end up as ciphers while Gere has a ball as a drug-addicted tycoon on the verge of a nervous breakdown.
The price of Gere's good looks is his acting skills don't quite match them.
Renzi provides a platform for Gere to act in barnstorming fashion but can't work out what to do with any of the other characters. They tend just to stand embarrassed on the sidelines as Gere holds forth and steals every scene in which he appears.
The Benefactor is a character portrait in search of a movie.
Gere is committed but his character becomes increasingly annoying, with a one-note tortured past, and the script leaves him and his underwritten co-stars stranded with a pat ending.
The Benefactor is both a bad film and a thoroughly inexplicable one.
There's a richness to the cinematography that, along with the central performance, hearkens back to a character study from a few decades prior.
Has Richard Gere been hitting the bong?
Despite great cast, melodrama has little to say; drug use.
"A compelling portrait of a man on the verge.... Suffers from a sense of rigidity that somehow both fits its themes and stymies a greater sense of realism."
If the conclusion is a little too sunny, that's a small flaw in an otherwise compelling film about the hazards of trying to buy emotional connection.
A run-of-the-mill story of a junkie.
As a memorable work of cinema, it misses every important mark by a mile.
An unconvincing melodrama indicting money's power to manipulate as the root of all evil.
Richard Gere gives an annoying performance in 'The Benefactor' -- and it works!
... hints at an intriguing character study, yet despite some solid performances, the script derails its momentum with generic and predictable third-act twists.
Gere is predictably fantastic, but in the end, The Benefactor just too dull and sloppy to deliver a story a character like [his] deserves.
Gere, an actor capable of great nuance, hams it up so mightily you'd think the film was sponsored by Boar's Head.
Bumbling addiction melodrama, revolving around guilt and generosity...
Fanning has little to do beyond grasping her prosthetic stomach, but James is a decent foil for Gere, who gives form to the highly topical subject of how pain meds destroy lives.
Gere delivers a performance so self-consciously ACTORISH it often takes us right out of the film.
The movie, unfortunately, doesn't live up to the performance at its core.
I drove myself crazy trying to find purpose in this story. It plays like a thriller whose thrills have been edited out.
One of those what-were-they-thinking projects in which good talent is on very bad display.
What begins as an intriguing psychological thriller devolves ... growing less interesting as it proceeds and giving costars Dakota Fanning and Theo James little to do.
Richard Gere is brilliant as ever. Too bad his strong work is in the center of a plot that can't quite seal the deal.
Mr. Gere's flamboyant performance is the sole raison d'être for this melodrama, written and directed by Andrew Renzi. Its other elements are given short shrift.
Gere's deft showboating, with Fanning under-compensating beautifully at the other end of the seesaw, is quite enough to carry a movie whose potency surely depends on not spelling things out.
An off-kilter film that leaves too many promising elements behind to make room for more capering and raging from Gere.
It rarely makes a substantial impression, yet "The Benefactor" is alive, powered by a special nervous energy that can only emerge from Gere.
The only remarkable thing about it is Gere, who really should stick to filmmakers worthy of his talent.
Why hire Fanning, a gifted performer under the right circumstances, and then waste her presence on a nothing role?
He's all brass and bravado, his poor little rich man at once generous and self-gratifying, pained and also a pain to the family-to-be he forces his favors onto.
Worth watching for the second-half, which features some riveting acting by Gere.
Old silver-fox Gere looks great. He's almost embarrassingly charming - which is the point - but there's not much else here. We're left waiting for shocks which never come.
Sadly, The Benefactor proves less rich and engaging as it settles into its actual genre: It's yet another troubled-dude-starts-pulling-it-together tale.
Writer-director Renzi treats unfettered wealth as a hyperbolic playground through which to explore masculine insecurity.
With "Franny" we get a character study of a character almost entirely composed of screenwriting conveniences and actorly flourishes.
At the core of this clumsy debut feature, there is still the vital insight that philanthropy in America can be an addiction for the rich who seek cleansing and approval, and vent their fury when they don't get it unconditionally.
The movie ends in a more conventional place than the one where it begins, yet it still marks a surprising and graceful first fiction feature for writer-director Andrew Renzi.
A wonderful showcase for the actors and little else, Franny was entertaining if not frustrating.

@highlight

The Benefactor has Richard Gere and Dakota Fanning, but no clear idea of what to do with either of them, resulting in a drama that never comes anywhere near its intriguing potential.