An action film so cack-handed it borders on parody.
Overall, Safe is terribly glum and resolutely average.
It ain't too smart, it ain't too sophisticated, but it does have its charm and is entertaining enough for what it is: an action-packed, B-movie experience.
Character development and storyline are treated as inconveniences to be tossed aside at the earliest opportunity.
Safe is an exceptional Jason Statham B-movie that managed to sneak through the cracks during its theatrical release.
Perhaps one of these days Statham will stop making the same movie over and over and try something new.
Editing is wonky, and the story leaves much to be desired, but Jason Statham genuinely shines in this rugged, violent action-thriller, with a body count that rivals classic John Woo.
Jason Statham's latest actionpalooza "Safe" is unsuitably hilarious, although that's probably not the film's intended reaction.
Overcomes its formulaic concept and delivers the best damned film of Jason Statham's career.
[Jason] Statham blasts his way through his biggest body count in this satisfying, one-note action film designed very specifically for Statham fans who know his acting limits as well as he does.
Has a distinctly old-school Steven Seagal-circa-Out for Justice vibe.
The usually stone-faced Statham actually emotes a bit here and there. You kinda get a nice warm vibe right before he kills about 20 to 30 people. Then, repeat.
Had the product (and Safe is, above all else, Hollywood product) reached a little higher, its title might have seemed coolly ironic. Instead, it inadvertently represents truth in advertising.
Easily one of the best action films I've seen in a decade and firmly cements Statham's status as this generation's coolest, kick-tail action megastar.
The mechanics make sense, what's going on fits within the confines of the narrative structure, making what's going on within both surprisingly fun and shockingly engaging.
Statham's character is complicated and interesting, and the '70s feel comes from a sense of hopelessness in the face of corruption.
Not only does Safe feature bone crunching, nut busting, gun popping action as dispensed by one of the genre's great practitioners, but it does so with fresh energy and creativity that is enough to distract from its more stale elements.
I want and action film to be bad-ass, well directed, and to give me an adrenaline rush. And on those terms, this film more than succeeds
Like so many action films these days the film is over-edited and under-plotted, and we've seen Statham's tough guy character many times before.
In any language this is exhilarating stuff.
Safe is so ham-fistedly BAD on every conceivable level that it bordered on entertaining.
It's the imposing Statham's badass grimace and combat acumen that primarily elevate Safe above your average direct-to-video genre work
The energy peters out when rote plot mechanics about barely hidden corruption in not-so-surprising corners gain prominence.
Bullets ricochet, punches fly and the body count mounts in this Jason Statham actioner in which the Triad, the Russian Mafia and corrupt cops come to blows.
You can't make silk Speedos out of thick ears.
We have Weepy Statham, horribly unconvincing as a tender-tough guy in any regard, and the whole edifice of Safe comes down around him.
Fans of The Stath will find themselves very much at home with this well-acted, stylishly-shot actioner which boasts more depth than one would reasonably expect.
Jason Statham is one of a kind and makes exciting movies every time.
Nothing much changes in Safe or is original, only the language has got more colourful, with Yakin delivering up Statham gold for fans once again.
The massive body count is no compensation for a coherent story or memorable action.
Jason Statham cuts a swathe through New York with fists, guns and one-liners.
It's tough delivering an action performance with heart. Statham's cracked it.
In a film whose pleasures are mostly confined to the sound of guns being assembled at speed and bad dialogue being delivered with glee, polish is beside the point.
Profoundly trashy and violent, Safe clatters along with a thrilling seat-of-its-pants propulsiveness.
Only half as dumb as it kids on, Safe is still a cut above the average actioner.
A formulaic action/crime thriller that's all too familiar, forceful and ferocious.
This is pure nonsensical escapism - and you can be safe and sound just knowing that.
Watchable, albeit fairly routine and laughably preposterous, thriller that succeeds thanks to pacey direction, some decent action sequences and a reliably solid, ass-kicking performance from Jason Statham.
Safe may not be as bugnuts insane as the Crank films, but it does pack a similar wallop.
Where it sings are the searing action sequences, sublimely choreographed setpieces engagingly linked with a narrative choc-full of lippy one-liners.
Terribly glum and resolutely average.
The occasional efficient action sequence means that 'Safe' never gets truly dull, but even Statham aficionados might feel short- changed by this one.
With Yakin's all-action plot operating like clockwork, an on-song Statham proves anything but expendable in a genre he dominates. Predictable, sure, but equally pleasurable.
The thoroughly mediocre Safe provides little more than an excuse for Statham to do what Statham does better than anyone else: look stern while punishing bad guys. That's just not enough.
not a bad film, nor a good one. . . and while the story is predictable and the direction is competent but unremarkable, it has a star who can almost, but not quite, toss the flick on his brawny shoulders and carry it all by himself.
Jason Statham, yet again hewn from solid machismo, strives to entertain us by kicking multitudes of ass in a fast-paced action thriller that can't let go of a proven formula.
A rough, exhausting, exhilarating action picture with a payoff which would have delighted Sam Fuller or Howard Hawks.
The 'Safe' in the title could refer to a plot point or the career choice Statham made by picking this movie.
It sets the stage for the best cop drama since Heat... and ultimately proves unable to meet those expectations.
...the tension drives the film and the stunts are impressive,...the bad guys are really hateful, which makes their comeuppance from Statham all the more satisfying.
Well-executed dreck.
It's like another "Transporter'' installment trying to be something slightly more - and not quite delivering the goods.
There's obviously a market for mindless action movies, but even by Statham standards--which are exceedingly low--'Safe' is an underachiever.
Despite some impressively gritty street-level action, Safe plays it far too safe.
The latest in a long line of generic Jason Statham thrillers...
The chaotic storytelling would be obnoxious if the film didn't noticeably have its tongue planted firmly in its cheek.
Jason Statham's fine ferocity, coupled with an old-fashioned if foul-mouthed gallantry and that pell-mell pace, makes Safe more than simply a safe bet.
The convoluted, goofy B movie lets down its hardworking star.
It's a knuckle-dragger that requires earplugs for certain dialogue exchanges, yet Safe packs an enormously satisfying punch, refreshing Jason Statham's marquee value for a few more years.
It sets Jason Statham loose in a world where he's the bowling ball and almost everyone else is a pin..,Leave your brain at the door and you'll have a good time.
Yeah, "Safe" is a long way from perfect. But rented, in a few months, it'll go great with a six-pack and a hold-the-anchovies special.
It's hard to swallow Statham, who spent the Crank movies supercharging his last minutes of life, as a suicidal sad-sack, just as it's painful to see him yoked to a cute little girl in an obvious attempt to soften his image.
The New York thriller Safe is Jason Statham with a unique twist or two -- and that makes it more interesting.
The plot first strains and then assassinates credulity, while Yakin's handling of the action/mayhem runs the gamut from the merely dull to what-the-hell's-going-on.
Jason Statham's still a safe bet for B-movie action.
This whip-smart, brutally funny and gleefully nasty film is one of the year's best surprises.
There are zero surprises, but it looks good, moves well through a trim running time and wields its clichés with defiant aplomb.
It never feels like more than a second-tier video game brought to life.
Barrels through cliché after cliché and hurdles from borough to borough with a welcome abandon for logic, morality, and mortality alike.
When the bullets really start flying in the second half, much of the actor's fighting charisma evaporates. (Full Content Review for Parents also available)
A product fashioned from an assembly line of formula, cutout characters, and bits of dialogue that really must be heard to be believed.
For better or worse 'Safe' has some plot-twists that are absolutely preposterous, but restraint is hardly the name of the game for this sort of thing.
Yakin's slick direction, marked by quick cuts, unstinting energy and a lack of sentimentality, makes the action scenes satisfying. But he's a better director than writer.
If only someone would offer this actor a project worthy of the full range of his talent.
None of this bears much or any resemblance to the real world, but the violence crunches, the editing snaps and the humorous one-liners pop at well-timed junctures.
The trouble with Safe is that you know where it's going every step of the way.
Safe is safer than safe - it's so relentlessly kinetic that it ends up being dull.
It's hard to imagine a die-hard action fan being disappointed.
None of this trash deserves to lick the boots of other movies capable enough to be called average.
Safe winds up being a B-movie with A-movie credentials, and all the more entertaining for it.
Yakin gives his star plenty of room to look mean, think fast, drive faster, punch, quip, mow down and charismatically bond with the most imperiled child character in screen memory.
This formulaic but entertaining action flick, about an ex-cop who guards an orphaned girl from gangsters, packs a punch with high-adrenaline stunts and shoot-'em-ups.
It's not just laziness - although it's a fair cop - that prompts the observation that Safe is both the worst movie title and attitude for Jason Statham at this stage of his career.
The movie's too heavy for its own good, even for a strongman like Statham.
Held on the shelf for a while until the marquee was (briefly) clear of action dramas, "Safe" arrives filled with bombast and sneers but barely any thrills.
Yakin wants you to feel (and hear) every broken bone, snapped and cracked skull.
Let the bullets fly. Let the bodies fall. Let a man who was grieving and suicidal rise up and wreak rough justice. And boy is it rough. And ever so satisfying.
The best Jason Statham outing in some time.
The plot gets downright byzantine fast... [But] who cares where this narrative is going? Getting there is all the fun, although if you're not a Statham fan to begin with there's nothing particularly fun about it.
Story, setting, style and supporting characters are all beside the point. Just bring on the fights.
A better than expected, ruthless crime drama with a few unexpected twists.
From its implacable hero and thoroughgoing cynicism to its electrified pace and fairytale conclusion, "Safe" is both a slavish imitation of cinema gone by and a movie for our time.
Yakin, who wrote and directed the film, keeps things moving with ever-inventive ways to kill and maim.
It may satisfy Statham's fans, but they - like he - would do well to enlarge their expectations.
[Statham] continues to punch, kick, shoot and crash cars in a satisfying, gritty fashion.
Yakin makes us wait for the fisticuffs, an inspired choice that allows the rough-hewn Statham to show off his primo brooding abilities.
What we have here is basically an American "Transporter," with Statham caught up in the most jaw-dropping, quick-cut fights you've seen in years.
Yakin's sleek, visually witty direction elevates his undeniably dopey script.
"Safe" is the worst Jason Statham movie since the last Jason Statham movie, carrying on the bargain-budget action star's tradition of building a body of work out of, well, dead bodies.
[A] viciously cynical dark fantasy that fashions a new mythos of post-9/11 New York unlike anything we've seen... The utter lack of sentimentality in a story ripe for it only adds to its conviction.
What starts out crisp and promising gives way to a conventional shoot-'em-up.
Jason Statham is the best thing going for a movie full of bad cliché-driven writing which offers absolutely nothing new to the action genre.
[VIDEO] As far as Jason Statham action movies go, writer-director Boaz Yakin's Manhattan-set effort rolls with the best of them.
An effectively stirring action flick that makes it easy to see why Statham has developed the following he has.
It boasts an unstoppable, adrenaline-fuelled energy - from street-level chase scenes to shoot outs in hotels, bars and restaurants. Coupled with Statham's gruff machismo, it makes for a surprisingly satisfying slug-fest.
Like too many of Jason Statham's recent star vehicles, "Safe" is an adequate solo act in need of better accompaniment.
The theme seems to be 'a man's redemption,' but this is merely an excuse for little more than a filmed shooting gallery.

@highlight

While hard-hitting and violently inventive, Safe ultimately proves too formulaic to set itself apart from the action thriller pack -- including some of its star's better films.