Does justice to this significant event in modern history by resisting the urge to deliver a final verdict on how or why it happened.
I started crying when I was writing this review. It is a tough movie. You are going to cry, but I urge you to see it. And when was the last time you saw or read something that made you feel positive about the human race.
. . .after that big opening sequence, the sudden and disorienting shift in focus feels odd; the movie very quickly acquires the predictable feel of an episode of ER.
A questioning artist neutering himself for the sake of uplift
A tentative mixture of tearjerker and disaster movie, cautious due to the requirement that it bear witness to the true-life heroism, staying within the tonal range that is sanctioned for American films depicting 9/11.
World Trade Center is not a great film. It barely passes as a good one. For a film that should have hollowed out its audience, I walked out strangely unmoved.
For all its noble intent the film brings to celluloid life makes just about every fear anyone had about a Hollywood treatment of the 9/11 tragedy.
No particular reason to exist other than to garland itself with medals for telling an Uplifting True Story About Good Men.
A loving, respectful, much-deserved tribute.
Stone rolls out the victim card minus historical context.
It's 9/11 ingeniously structured as the basis of a Beckett play.
An emotional and gripping two hours plus that rarely flags.
I began to feel as if Stone were singling out the 'decent' people of America and making this story theirs alone.
A movie that's dull, plodding and extremely conventional.
What did Oliver Stone make me think about? In a nutshell, he made me remember that this country was built on the hearts and resolve of it's citizens.
It's plainly evident that all of the filmmakers approached the subject matter with appropriate honor and respect. (In other words, this movie is no Pearl Harbor.)
To sit before the film is to participate in a ritual of solidarity and redemption, to which the flimsiness of two-thirds of the movie is irrelevant.
There are no histrionics, simply strong storytelling, involving us in the lives of two men, their families, and by default, the many whose lives were touched by this unforgettable tragedy
So factual and earnest that it misses the chance to say something meaningful.
(Director Oliver) Stone has concentrated on one of the catastrophe's stories and has fashioned it well -- with almost palpable physical detail, and with performances that never sink to exploitation.
click to read full review in Greek
These are voices that deserve to be heard and that there are filmmakers like Stone willing to hear them is more important than anything that might follow.
It celebrates the courage of the rescue teams and the fortitude of their families while giving you a visceral sense of what it was like to be among them.
It's almost as if Stone wants to ingratiate himself with the mainstream public that rejected his historical blockbuster Alexander and win the approval of his right-wing critics.
It's a reasonably entertaining movie, but it comes nowhere close to the sheer, heart-pounding terror of the ultimate 9/11 film, United 93.
Even without his box of political tricks, Oliver Stone remains the foremost cinematic shrink for America's distress.
Well-made and frequently harrowing, but the powerful sequences and strong performances are counter-balanced by an overdose of flag-waving sentimentality and some sub-par dialogue.
Destiny pervades the project, and anyone who expected Stone to toe anything other than the company line was gravely mistaken.
Despite being true, it feels fictional: a distillation of human values rather than an objective chronicle. That's not necessarily a bad thing; to tell the truth, it's rather comforting.
Port Authority policemen John McLoughlin (Nicolas Cage) and Will Jimeno (Michael Peña) were two of the first responders after the attack on 9/11/01. When the buildings collapsed, they were trapped beneath the rubble while a search and rescue was attempted
I'd have preferred a more Crash -esque collection of vignettes that explored a wider range of the 9/11 repercussions.
This felt like an overwrought TV movie -- I don't care if that's unpatriotic, hey, I defended "Alexander"!
The movie's real mistake is to take as its focus the single least unusual aspect of September 11--the fact that the murdered and wounded loved their families and were loved back.
Perhaps Stone's greatest triumph is in his seamless recreation of Ground Zero. Stone rises to the occasion, achieving greatness by creating the illusion of reality within the most surreal of environments.
Strip away its 9/11 backdrop and Oliver Stone's "World Trade Center" is little more than a primetime domestic potboiler about a couple of NYC cops buried under rubble.
As much as I tried to resist it, I found World Trade Center to be genuinely affecting, even if Stone relies too heavily on the soaring soundtrack at times.
Perhaps the least likely candidate among American auteurs to make this particular 9/11 movie, Oliver Stone delivers a satisfying portrait of Americans' ability to weather the storm.
Whatever hints Stone might be dropping, he has at least done a superb job of capturing on film what that awful day was like. There are missteps along the way, but for the most part, it works.
Well, World Trade Center delivers the piercing pathos and reminds us once again that Stone can make the transitional move and be both inventive and viably affecting.
It's an unabashed, feel-good Hollywood movie, but sometimes that's just what we need.
leaves a sour aftertaste: It's too little, too soon. ...even accomplished actors, sensitive screenwriting and impressive visual effects can't compete with the heartbreaking horror of the real world.
Just who the hell does Oliver Stone think he is? [...] [W]hen a director who routinely hits everyone over the head undertakes a movie about the world falling down on men's heads, how can we not want to see what he makes?
'World Trade Center' carries a gigantic emotional impact and seeds a bed of uplifting pride for the people of our nation.
The whole movie has a Lifetime Movie of the Week feel.
Stone really does stick to basic storytelling here and is content to focus on just a few people caught up in the maelstrom of 9/11 and leave the rest up to us.
The fact that we all know what's about to happen does not diminish the effectiveness.
...emotionally resonant and thoroughly compelling...
By personalizing the tragedy of 9/11 and checking politics at the door, Stone mounts a first-class tale of strength and courage.
World Trade Center is likely the one summer release you least want to see.... But the fact is, [it's] the one film you don't want to miss.
I look at the screen and I don't see John McLaughlin. I see Nicolas Cage with a moustache and an awkward New York accent.
... our perspective is filtered through the anger and pain that comes when we are asked to remember that life wasn't always like this.
In fact...World Trade Center is one of the few cinematic efforts that wants to accurately recreate the confusion and chaos that derives from unexpected disaster.
Replace the real-life characters with two fictional guys trapped in a collapsed building, and what you're left with is a 1970s-style TV movie-of-the-week, the sort that invariably starred the likes of Christopher George and Lee Majors.
Stone's talents (and his occasional profundity) lie in juxtaposition and bombast, in a breathless, ragged montage.
World Trade Center is about 9/11 in the same sense that Gone With the Wind is about the Civil War.
[World Trade Center] doesn't pretend to encompass the entire catastrophe of 9/11, and that is its great negative virtue.
Stone isn't cut out for making big, simple affirmative statements.
The images of the smoking towers are already planted in our heads, but the hope and courage that enabled the cops' recovery are not as well-known. Stone deserves credit for leaving the conspiracy theories to others.
Sometimes, hokum works pretty beautifully.
The resulting film plays more like a made-for-TV movie projected on the big screen than the product of one of America's most dangerous filmmakers tackling a day of infamy.
The world may not make sense anymore, but Oliver Stone, a warrior still, celebrating courage and endurance, has, in his own way, come home.
Collapses under its own weight of jerrybuilt melodramatics ... In Stone and Berloff's emphasis on "uplifting" survival, the momentous 9/11 attacks are reduced to an innocuous event, complete with a happy ending.
... a remarkable, restrained document of a galvanizing moment in American history
Packs an emotional wallop. Thankfully, it's all earned and justified.
There's an over-earnestness at work here that's beneath Stone and that this story is powerful enough to do without.
World Trade Center is moving, tender, and disappointingly shallow.
World Trade Center is a well-crafted, beautifully acted piece that's better judged on its own terms than as, say, the definitive recounting of 9/11. That film has yet to be made.
[Stone] curbs his fanciful historical imagination here and concentrates on a character study of the four major characters. It is one of his best efforts.
They aren't superheroes. They are afraid. It's OK to be afraid - to not be afraid would be stupid or insane. Courage is feeling the fear and acting anyway, and that is what these men did.
It manages to find the best in people in the worst of times. You gotta love that.
Stone paints a grim and claustrophobic picture of the men's nightmarish confines, but beautifully captures their bond and passion to survive.
It's a beautiful movie, this despite the horror it depicts.
Shines a welcome light on a group of everyday heroes who, in risking their own lives to save others helped turn America's darkest hour into their finest - and ours.
Stone demonstrates great deftness and restraint, along with tremendous compassion, in telling this story.
It is a movie that is both melancholy and uplifting, one that American audiences will embrace.
With so many lives affected, and so recently, by the tragic attack on New York's twin towers, there are the obvious questions of taste and timing, as well as the notion that you can't possibly pay tribute to so many people. Yet it is precisely these obsta
Stone doesn't shy from bawling wives, gauzy sentimental flashbacks or rousing musical cues, but there's little doubt that he could have gone more overboard.
Karnes' announcement is an outsized, quintessentially Stoneian moment, burdened with mythic meaning and, not incidentally, reintroducing the political context the film has so strenuously resisted.
Solid, respectful and moving.
If you hold it up against Stone's masterpieces or United 93, it can't help but feel disappointing. But on its own, it's a gripping and emotional film.
Truth is stranger than fiction -- even in Oliver Stone's hands. 'World Trade Center' is an honorable film.
A tragedy in a vacuum, a story where two twinkles of hope blot out darkness, a tale of triumph that's hermetically sealed and packaged for maximum feel-good consumption.
[T]here's much discussion about whether audiences are 'ready' to see a mainstream movie about the events of 9/11... That's your choice, but you'll be missing one of the best films of the year.
a nearly pitch-perfect film that celebrates the ordinary heroes of 9/11
Underscored by the fragility of a plinking piano and well-timed flourishes to uplift, this heroic heartstring-tugger is...unexpectedly affecting, so much that it's able to hide its true face as a glorified movie-of-the-week.
I had the shapes of eight little crescents embedded in my palms after I saw "World Trade Center." Because I was so riveted, so moved, that I actually dug my nails into my own hands.
In the end, all Stone really seems to be up to is using Sept. 11 to again mourn the loss of mythical white American innocence for what one assumes will be a predominantly white Boomer audience. And no doubt turning a pretty penny doing it.
Stone may be the bluntest instrument in Hollywood's arsenal, but watching his new film about the collapse of the Twin Towers, I found myself nostalgic for his chutzpah.
The story of what they experienced is gripping and inspiring, but however true it is to their lives... the way it's told restricts what the movie can say about the larger tragedy.
Despite my strong reservations, World Trade Center is strongly acted and has sequences of undeniable power. At its best it shares with Stone's finest work a feeling for the imminence of death and salvation.
Even working within the restrictions of a PG-13 rating, Stone brings fresh immediacy to the horrors of Ground Zero, and Cage and Peða use small, telling strokes to make their characters come alive.
...in muting his personality, Stone has ended up with a TV movie %u2026 a particularly well-made, moving TV movie, but a TV movie nonetheless.
Polls since 'JFK' show a rise in the number of people who attribute Kennedy's assassination to conspiracy; will polls in the wake of 'WTC' show a bump in the percentage of Americans who connect Iraq with 9/11 (even though the film doesn't make the link)?
In an amazing turnabout ... Stone fills the screen with a film from the heart instead of his conspiracy-filled mind.
Somber and life-affirming, intense yet respectful, it marks the five-year anniversary of the terrorist attack.
There is one scene of true brilliance and shattering impact as a mother waiting for news of her son (Viola Davis) recalls that the last time she saw him she scolded him for missing dinner.
World Trade Center is a movie packed with emotion. Guaranteed, no one will leave the theater dry eyed.
Stone hasn't made a movie for a 2006 audience; he's made one for 2036
The movie may falter a little in the middle, but the courage [of the 2 men] and the rescue attempt in the final act are what you'll remember and what makes this movie worth seeing.
The one proactive character in the movie is Dave Karnes...THAT'S the guy I want to see a movie about.
... opts for a discreet, quiet and dignified way to show the tragedy and to take away from it something that was uplifting.
When it sticks to the first-person account of its survivors, it is at its most riveting.
Oliver Stone has gone against his famous character to make a syrupy and gruelingly flat cinematic ode to two brave policemen (John McLoughlin and William Jimeno)...
Beautifully acted and thoroughly myopic, the film manages to strip 9/11 of its context and scope, boiling it down to an intimate story of decent, ordinary people dealt a staggeringly bad hand and dealing with it, each according to his or her nature.
If duty is the operative attitude here, inevitability is the inescapable result, and World Trade Center ultimately finds itself as pinned down as McLoughlin and Jimeno are.
It shortchanges audiences when it comes to dramatic revelations that could have resonated on a deeper level. It telegraphs its emotions loud and clear, but somehow they don't reach us.
Noble intent and adherence to real events don't necessarily add up to success onscreen; it's also often tedious and schmaltzy.
Stone does everything he can to do justice to the real-life people he's depicting, and yet nothing he does can cover up the film's single but overarching weakness: The personal story he uses to portray the larger event is limited in scope and impact.
Salutes the courage and lovingkindness of those who reached out in the darkness to help others on September 11.
we need to have these kind of movies come out to remind us what happened on that day
Grueling but ultimately uplifting, World Trade Center tells the true stories of Port Authority police officers John McLoughlin and Will Jimeno, who went into the World Trade Center to save people and ended up needing to be saved themselves.
Given its topic and its timing, World Trade Center had to be great to deserve your attention. It is.
Riveting.
Director Oliver Stone's surprisingly conventional 9/11 film acts as an inspirational counterpoint to United 93. There were many stories of courage that day, but Trade Center tells one of the few with an uplifting ending.
An expertly crafted, respectful piece of inspirational filmmaking.
Rather than manufacturing suspense, [WTC] creates consensus and catharsis, and is deeply moving in ways that recall the unity and decency we witnessed that day.
WTC is very Hollywood in the best ways: straightforward storytelling, artful performances, fantastic production values and camera work that serve the events being depicted above all rather than the director's often loony aesthetic whims.
World Trade Center isn't about foreign policy or hatred or even patriotism. It's about the bravery and resilience lying dormant in all of us.
It's an affecting tale about the bonds between family, spouses and friends, and the will to survive.
It displays optimism, patriotism, emotional frankness and faith. Detractors might call it sentimental. Most of all, it exhibits no political slant whatsoever, injecting only heartfelt empathy for the day's many victims and heroes.
Obviously, living through 9/11 even at a televised remove, we felt overwhelmed. Now, sitting through the re-creation, we feel something altogether different and yet faintly familiar -- underwhelmed.
A highly effective, old-fashioned, bigger-than-life American melodrama, full of heartbreak and heroism, tragedy and triumph.
With its Hollywood-ized (read: sentimentalized) look and feel and a script that plods along in places, Stone's safe Center is just a fine film -- instead of a great one.
World Trade Center is beautifully acted down to the smallest role and exquisitely crafted -- it is all but impossible to tell the difference between the computer-generated imagery and live-action sequences shot in Manhattan.
If you didn't know better, you'd swear that World Trade Center came from another, more straight-forward filmmaker, such as Steven Spielberg or Ron Howard, instead of Oliver Stone.
Stone defies those who think of him only as a provocateur in making a compact and emotionally charged story that illuminates a Sept. 11 tale few of us know -- and he does it with a respect bordering on reverence.
World Trade Center approaches drama's potent promise, finding in the story of two individuals and their families uncommon valor and common ground at ground zero.
Some comedies appeal to our inner child, while some horror movies appeal to our inner masochist. Oliver Stone's World Trade Center poignantly appeals to our inner patriot.
The storytelling is admirable, the focus is just right for anyone who prefers, if they have to revisit that day after all that despair, to see something good come out of the whole mess.
Five short years after the attack, our wildly varied emotions - shock, sorrow, anger - require no manipulation. They're too big for that - and maybe too big for any movie to contain.
In ten years (or even next week), I don't know that this will be seen as anything more than an average TV movie about a not-so-recent disaster.
Stone is unapologetic in his tribute to these people, and to his credit generally doesn't allow any of his usual directorial ambition or stylistic excess to distract from it.
Oliver Stone has made an honorable film, in other words, and almost the best thing I can say about it is that it doesn't feel like an Oliver Stone movie.
You sense that Stone is genuinely amazed by the resilience of these two men, and that helps temper the difficult subject matter.
Stone taps into great reserves of undiscovered subtlety.
Do I recommend seeing WORLD TRADE CENTER? Yes, with reservations. It is a flawed film ...
... elicits our sympathy, our sorrow and even our tears. Yet the movie offers very little in return. Which raises the question: Is there value in suffering by proxy?
This account of the horrors of 9/11 feels counterfeit, compromised, and flat -- sadly, it is an ill-conceived and generally unaffecting tribute.
It's 9/11 as soap opera, and while some will undoubtedly find that to be okay I for one was more than a tad disappointed.
There were all too many stories that day that didn't end happily. This isn't one of them.
More for the ages than the times in which it was made.
One thing would have made World Trade Center better - having Ann Coulter next to me being forced to watch the new Sept. 11 dirge with her eyelids taped back and her hands shackled to the seat - a la Stanley Kubrick's A Clockwork Orange.
World Trade Center eventually stops feeling like a remarkable story of survival and more like a Hallmark Network presentation.
Stone's message--shrewder than other liberal campaigns of the last five years--is undeniably political.
The film's sincerity makes it impossible to toss around accusations of hokeyness, either "on paper" or in one's own mind; context is everything, and in this context blunt assertions of heroism and near-sainthood are easy to swallow.
Sometimes this kind of writing can evoke unaffected sincerity; other times, it seems merely trite, perhaps reflecting the inexperience of first-time feature screenwriter Andrea Berloff.
The movie means well, and we can appreciate the sentiment; it works on the level of heartbreaking spectacle, but it doesn't add more to our wisdom.
Who wants to feel good about 9/11? I sure want to feel good about 9/11!
Are we ready for the feel-good 9/11 movie of the year? Mawkish, corny and brutally effective -- I liked it more than I feel comfortable admitting.
For all its crude effectiveness as a true-life melodrama of survival, World Trade Center doesn't do much with 9/11, except to sentimentalize it for popular consumption.
It's not too soon for a 9/11 movie, but it IS too soon for one that brings it up for no reason.
In a sense, it is blatant, clichéd hero worship, but Stone earns this impassioned interpretation through his care and respect behind the camera for the characters and the gravity of the situation.
A failure at the most basic levels of cinema and its inability to make me feel ANYthing, when any single still image of that day can induce the fear of God, is inexcusable.
Top praise should go to Stone. After the overblown failure 'Alexander,' he made a wise decision to shoot an up close and personal script. Less proves definitely more.
Stone has delivered a beautiful, heartfelt and touching movie that celebrates the heroes of September 11th and will leave everyone in the audience with a lump in their throats and a few tears in their eyes.
There's no questioning the importance of this story, but it is a shame that Stone has chosen to be so manipulative with our emotions.
Stone slyly sneaks virtuoso moments into his story, bringing a modest elegance to a script that frequently feels creakily old-fashioned.
The old Stone was not exactly a bargain, but he was never this pious or this conventional.
The filmmaker and his colleagues have brought the sensibility of an old-fashioned Hollywood disaster movie, and a mediocre one at that.
Stone takes one of the most tragic events of this century and focuses on the hope, humanity and determination that also held sway amid the darkness.
With this unflinching account of that day, Stone has made the most important film of his long career.
Even when Stone is clumsy, he at least seems to recognize that he can't possibly re-create the experience of these policemen: The best he can do is put it onstage, reminding us that this happened to someone else and not to us.
It's a straightforward, respectful, carefully upbeat survival story and tribute to the victims, survivors and rescuers of that day five years ago that changed our world forever.
[A] humanist movie of enormous empathy.
Stone and Berloff give us time to meditate on this disaster, finding optimism in its aftermath. No filmmakers will put together the whole puzzle surrounding that dreadful day, but they've handed us a crucial piece.
Weighing in on "World Trade Center" is difficult; it's well-crafted, but it's also sluggish and meek.
I think they ought to just give Maggie Gyllenhaal the Oscar right now. She's that good.
Despite what you may have heard, World Trade Center isn't entirely apolitical, just understated in its commentary.
There is no Oliver Stone in "World Trade Center" with the exception of an ill-advised appearance by Jesus Christ in lieu of his usual Indian shaman.
World Trade Center is a film of hope set within a hopeless day. Stone treats it with sincere reverence ...
Although the conclusion is heavily sentimentalized, Stone finds the common ground Americans can rally around for relief from the devastation: We are, in the final analysis, good people.
World Trade Center feels like the respectful and tender beginning of a dialogue between filmmakers and audiences about a subject most would rather not revisit via their entertainment.
It looks at the tragedy on intimate, personal terms, with a sensitivity and restraint the macho provocateur has rarely revealed before.
Oliver Stone has taken a public tragedy and turned it into something at once genuinely stirring and terribly sad.
World Trade Center hits us where we live. And it reminds us how lucky we are to live, and love, and even struggle.
It is the humanistic approach of Andrea Berloff's screenplay and Nicolas Cage's powerhouse performance that determines the fate of this highly anticipated drama.
World Trade Center moves a little too slow - the pacing's not quite right - but otherwise it's a decent film and one that's a fitting tribute to the best in people during the worst of times.
It's easily the best movie of the summer.
Stone and his superb team make us feel the scale and 'body heat' of the event, the storm wave of panic, the enshrouding sense of a world gone lunatic. They have made an amazing visual and visceral homage to ground zero.
World Trade Center delivers to its audience a calculated dose of uplift and gooses us along to feel suspense here, compassion there and hope at the end.
World Trade Center is a commemoration of everyone who lost his or her life in the wreckage of 9-11, but also something more. It's a celebration of living, against all odds.
[A] modest, powerful film.
No who, why or how about the terrorist attacks but plenty on home-life in New Jersey.
World Trade Center comes close to being the self-serving Hollywood production many had feared.
It's about Americans doing their jobs. It's about Americans seeing each other only as Americans. It's about the real promise of America, fulfilled.
The movie's gradual build-up from the mundane to the unimaginable contains some of Stone's most evocative and searing filmmaking.
World Trade Center is the second major studio picture to weigh in on the events of Sept. 11, 2001. It is a more limited achievement: a comfortably unsettling drama.
World Trade Center is selfless filmmaking at its best. Here, without frills or bombast or politics, is the day the world turned upside down. Our faith in each other, Stone's movie tells us, is what helped right it again.
It is not too soon for films about 9/11, but it is never the right time to diminish the weight of tragedy in order to make it easier to swallow.
(T)wo hours of watching head shots of two men buried and immobile in rubble?
A life-affirming celebration of humanity -- of the possibility of kindness, teamwork, selflessness and love under the most horrific circumstances.
The surprising thing about this commission job, directed from Andrea Berloff's script, is not its factuality but its restraint.
A READER'S DIGEST "Drama in Real Life" composite picture, its epiphanies minor and its execution pure movie-of-the-week.
There are some painful moments, but they are soon swept away by glimpses of the human spirit and unrelenting hope, something we all need to hold onto these days.
[Oliver] Stone gives us an old-fashioned suspense story that pays homage to bravery and survival.
Mr. Conspiracy Theory himself brings us a conspiracy-free story that is absence of any villains ... and full of politically-correct anger.
With a combination of painstaking detail and tactful emotion, [Stone and Berloff] keep Hollywood sentimentality at bay to depict an event that is overwhelming on its own.
A tedious and often emotionally manipulative opportunity to stand on a soapbox and wave the flag.
Well-intentioned but equally disappointing...United 93 is harrowing and authentic; this picture is earnest but old-fashioned, obvious and curiously plodding.
Not the conspiracy theory rant one would expect from Stone, not at all. It's not a great film, but a good one that was made with love.
Banal, TV-style dialogue threatens at times to sink a visual stunner.
World Trade Center is Stone's most potent motion picture since Platoon, and may be the most accessible across-the-board since Wall Street.
There's been talk of World Trade Center bringing people to tears. After seeing the film, it's hard to believe that they're not tears of boredom.
Oliver Stone's take on one of history's most notorious and devastating days is white-washed with the sentimental veneer of the Lifetime Channel.
A different, and more focal, jumping-off point for the sort of spiritualism Stone has tackled in past films. It's occasionally voyeuristic and ineloquent at its conclusion, but it's an honest story of human connection with great performances.
Their film is gripping -- and should be: It has its tentacles around you from its stark title on. It's a title that means so many things to so many people.
Will & John: A fantastic story, beautiful & hope filled, one that should be told, but the set up of the film and title itself subtract from the power of the storytelling here.
When asked my opinion after a screening of World Trade Center, I was momentarily at a loss for words, a testament to the film's potent impact...Ranks second only to the devastating United 93 as the most powerful film of 2006 to date.
isn't just a fitting tribute to the specific people involved, it's also a celebration of grace under pressure, and what is worth preserving from the chaos
This is the right story that, I have a feeling, was told for the wrong reason$.
Rather than re-awakening and focusing our feelings from September 11th with its recreation, it plays on them to elicit a sentimental response.
The discipline of the factual scenario laid out by the guy who lived it makes it worth seeing.
Literally, everything United 93 wasn't.
If I hadn't known that World Trade Center was an Oliver Stone movie, I never would have guessed it; in fact I might have ventured Ron Howard as the man behind the camera.
A powerful movie experience, a hymn in plainsong that glorifies that which is best in the American spirit.
The script, by newcomer Andrea Berloff, who worked with both couples to get the details right, has the sting of reality to work against any sugarcoating.
Piercingly moving and utterly unpolitical, World Trade Center holds us in a fierce grip.
This as uncomplicated a movie as Stone (Born on the 4th of July, JFK) has made, and one of his most powerful.
As a tribute to those who died, and survived, on Sept. 11, World Trade Center is a scrupulous and honorable film.
WTC could provide a mass catharsis for American audiences much as United 93 did for those who saw that earlier film.
... World Trade Center yields lovely and touching moments but proves a slow-going, arduous movie experience ...
The most controversial element about Stone's film is how conventional and simple it is. This is not necessarily a bad thing since the drama was consciously made as a celebration of cherished American values: courage, risk, strength, and faith.
This is the movie about which you will ask, "Am I ready for this?" And the answer should be, "yes." It is a movie about hope as much as it is a movie about loss.







@highlight

As a visually stunning tribute to lives lost in tragedy, World Trade Center succeeds unequivocally, and it is more politically muted than many of Stone's other works.