None of this would matter if Red Sonja was the least bit exciting, or sexy, or even funny. Instead, it`s lumbering, oddly prim and laughable.
This is a sword-and-sorcery adventure for those who like their action fast and furious, their dialogue ropey and their acting filled with more ham than a butcher's shop.
If you are rapt by swollen muscles, heaving bosoms, swordplay and a tirade of hammy, fantasy claptrap, the woefulness of this film won't put you off.
The title sounds as if this movie is about a communist spy, or maybe a new flower. No such luck.
The film is at least as good as Conan the Destroyer. Which is faint praise, indeed.
Sure, there are a few funny moments here and there with several obviously intended jokes, but director Richard Fleischer never milks the elements of self-parody for what they're worth.
The dialogue passages don't exactly play like Noel Coward, but this is a movie that succeeds rousingly well on its own humble, Saturday-night terms.
Red Sonja returns to those olden days when women were women and the menfolk stood around with funny hats on until called forth to be whacked at.
Worst of all, there's a charmless brat prince for Sonja to take under her wing.
It's a truly horrible concoction, filled with stiff, overly serious dialogue, wretched performances, bad lighting and a lazy score by the otherwise great Ennio Morricone.
Unwatchably bad sword-and-sorcery nonsense.
...pure silliness, but not silly enough to qualify as amusing. Face it; it's just dull.
Hilariously awful
No, he's NOT Conan this time!
Mr. Fleischer brings absolutely no playfulness to what might, at least, have been enjoyably light. And he brings out the worst in a cast that was ill-chosen to begin with.
Horrible spawn of the mediocre Conan the Barbarian.
Arnold's last barbarian role -- worth it for that if nothing else.
The scene where Nielsen stands at the molten river border of the 'land of eternal night' looks particularly good.
Fleischer could have directed this movie from his living room via speaker phone and achieved the same result
Incredibly stupid







@highlight

Dull, poorly directed, and badly miscast, Red Sonja is an uninspired conclusion to Schwarzenegger's barbarian trilogy.