Feeling more in line with a blasé made-for-TV-movie, the film coasts mostly on the strength of the stellar ensemble's performances and Nice's gorgeous scenery.
A true crime story of money and power and sex and betrayal and missing persons and the mafia, André Téchiné's French Riviera-set film stars Catherine Deneuve as a casino owner and still somehow manages to be dull.
Late Téchiné is restrained; late Deneuve is not. The standout performer is Adèle Haenel as the daughter who goes missing: she's a lively wire.
Not even Catherine Deneuve can save this dramatically inert soap opera of corruption and obsession, which does not even resolve its central mystery.
... a desultory mash-up of tones and styles. It doesn't really succeed as either melodrama or mystery. Téchiné's pacing is off and potentially incriminating information is jack-hammered into place.
It lowers the stakes on murder and betrayal to the point where they're about as riveting as a parking ticket.
Tells a lurid, fact-based story in a curiously understated, reticent way...intriguing but emotionally rather dessicated.
Engrossing material, with a very watchable trio.
A compelling true-crime film noir and another fine Deneuve-Techine collaboration.
More disappointing than the film's inertia and amorphousness is its sacrifice of the real-world themes of class, money, corruption, and power. Unable to decide what story he wanted to tell, Téchiné hedges his bets and loses everything.
A ponderous and misshapen true-crime tale from France
Catherine Deneuve Still Has It In This Dramatic Mystery
It has its true-crime fascinations, and, until its misbegotten 30-year flash-forward to Maurice's trial, it has a silky allure of sun-kissed depravity.
Although it's disjointed, "In the Name of My Daughter" is gripping, with enough troubling turns of plot to help forgive its awkward conclusion.
'In the Name of My Daughter" is one of those French films that leave you going "huh?"
It's a pleasure to take in the lush settings, to hear the delicately ominous score (by Benjamin Biolay) and to watch these actors circling each other.
A fascinating, suspenseful story about obsessive love, money, the Mafia, and murder.
Tawdry tale gets complex, layered treatment from French master Andre Techine.
The ongoing trend of real-life French wrongdoings inspiring lengthy film dramas reaches a wearisome peak here.
A woman whose casino is floundering financially and a daughter whose marriage has foundered both come to rely on the same attorney, one for advice and one for love. But what are his motives?
"In the Name of My Daughter" has good intentions of taking a sensationalistic riddle and turning it into a human story. But the pendulum ultimately swings too far, leaving an explosive tale behind in favor of one that fizzles out.
The personalities and conflicts make for engrossing cinema, but final scenes are anticlimactic.
A missing-person movie becomes just a missing movie.
It doesn't help that the characters caught up in this fact-based melodrama aren't particularly engaging. Or that Téchiné doesn't seem to have much of a feel for the material.
The characters' intense desires are framed within a sedate, workaday context, so that even though the characters' passions drive the action, director Andre Techine lends the film an appealing illusion of calm.
Lacking action to the point of seeming immobile, Mr. Téchiné nevertheless amasses a catalogue of anger, desire and sex, enhanced by stunning landscapes of villas and a parade of the rich and glamorous haut monde at play.
This sinister French movie starts as an ordinary drama about a young divorcee returning from Africa to live near her wealthy mother on the Mediterranean coast. Then it turns into a sexy, sickening and gripping thriller.
We're left with Mafiosi and l'amour fou, neither of which is as compelling as a mother's love.
None of it is quite satisfying, especially when old-age makeup takes center stage.
While by no means misfiring, Mr. Téchiné is definitely capable of finer orchestrations.
While it's generally a pleasure watching Catherine Deneuve, the grande dame of French cinema, sometimes the material just isn't quite up to snuff.
It's the presence of the unflagging, always compelling [Catherine] Deneuve [...] that is the added value here.
Like any good prosecutor, Téchiné gives us enough information to render a verdict without bullying us into agreement. His gift to his viewers is the space to think for ourselves.
You get flashes of good melodrama involving a passionate l'amour fou and clash between mother and daughter only for things to blur
Téchiné displays a cool, clear-eyed intelligence, though not the wit of the late Claude Chabrol.
Can such a film be anything other than exciting? Yes.
A mobster movie without whackings, a thriller without suspense and a courtroom drama without resolution, this turgid retelling of an unsolved missing-persons case functions mostly as a portrait of a young woman who loved too passionately.
While the film has infinite problems, casting is key among them.
André Téchiné is a past master at creating narratively complex films that have the stimulating density of novels, and page-turners at that. When it comes to true crime, however... he's on less firm terrain.
The true story of a late-seventies murder case, which is well-known in France, is a ready-made classic melodrama.
These characters are so richly drawn, and inhabit such a precise milieu, that they deserved a less perfunctory, anticlimactic fate.
Five years after The Girl on the Train, André Téchiné tackles another real-life cause célèbre in which the central transgression may never have occurred.
This adaptation is to concerned with narrative fidelity and formal objectivity to pierce the veil of power dynamics that largely comprises the film's concerns.
In his seventh collaboration with Catherine Deneuve, director André Techiné focuses with amusing results on both romance and politics--on a young woman who loves too much, and a casino owner's enemies determined to wrest control from her of a casino.
A French thriller revolving around the theme of betrayal by those you trust
Haenel and Deneuve, puffing on cigarettes at every turn, aren't given enough material to make their characters identifiable as human beings worth empathizing over; their bourgeois, petty squabbles over money increasingly difficult to care about.

@highlight

Perplexingly less than the sum of its dramatic real-life parts, In the Name of My Daughter doesn't do enough to support its story -- or Catherine Deneuve's performance.