Keaton is earnest, sentimental, a little goofy. But the flibbertigibbet routine is getting tired. Meanwhile, Douglas chews the scenery as a modern-day Ebenezer Scrooge. The movie is bland at best, more often boring (and, at times, offensive).
Whatever the reason, And So It Goes will probably go out with a whimper instead of a bang. It's a quiet film that means well, but good intentions won't pave the way to box office heaven in this case.
It's slightly wince-worthy that lesser talents are funnier than Rob Reiner these days. He needs to get the eye of the tiger back or hang up the gloves and throw in the towel.
Dreadful.
The pairing of Michael Douglas and Diane Keaton in a love story for grownups yields a dose of feel-good refreshment that merits the price of admission - especially for the age 50-plus crowd.
... has some modest charm but overall remains mired in obvious plotting and cheap sentimentality.
Everything seems to work out so perfectly here that the film is less about life's rich rewards and more about light-hearted convenience.
...a pedestrian narrative that remains both predictable and uninvolving at virtually every turn...
Hollywood seems to have belatedly realised where a lot of disposable income is located.
When not saddled by the awkward narrative, Keaton and Douglas reveal a pleasing chemistry, though neither are doing anything new: Douglas growls while Keaton smiles, cries and sings.
It's great to see another romantic comedy/drama pitched at older audiences (they're often overlooked) but And So It Goes fails to creates something that is both memorable and meaningful.
Douglas and Keaton do just as well with the romantic angle, mostly because he's so adept at dispelling any whiff of mawkishness. Oren's essential orneriness remains, no matter what, and the film turns out to be a lot of fun because of him.
I was absolutely appalled at Michael Douglas' performance in this and I thought he was really so unconvincing but... I think this screenplay is so bad that it's hard for any of those actors to make anything out of it.
Whatever happened to Rob Reiner?... [He] seems utterly disengaged as he ploddingly assembles a film whose potential is never realised.
These legendary stars don't disappoint in their first screen teaming, and Reiner should have trusted them more to completely take over the film a lot more quickly than he does.
The easy going charms of Michael Douglas and Diane Keaton blend beautifully in this discerningly funny rom-com with a pedigree
Hilarity ensues. Or not.
Lukewarm romcom has some drug content, swearing.
Perhaps it's unfair to compare cinematic schmaltz like And So It Goes to Reiner's best work, but he and everyone involved have proven capable of so much more.
Douglas flails in search of a credible comic tone and Keaton doesn't so much play a character as wear a succession of signature getups. This is wrinkle porn at its laziest, cheesiest and most braindead. And so it blows.
While it's a reasonably entertaining movie, it's one that will be enjoyed more by women than men, who might start to fidget after a while.
Where former A-list actors go to end their movie careers. Next stop, a really bad alphabet network TV series.
Engaging, yet forgettable....it's aimed at a senior-citizen audience and should enjoy a long life as a DVD.
Everything about the movie is as uninspired as the title.
How you react to "And So It Goes" depends entirely on your appreciation of Diane Keaton. The movie is so Keaton-centric it might as well have been titled "La Di Da, La Di Da."
The best reason to see the film lies in the performance of good ol' Frances Sternhagen...her smoky delivery really is priceless.
[A] depressingly monotonous Rob Reiner-directed comedy starring Michael Douglas and Diane Keaton.
Manufactured out of old movie parts by people who either don't care or were just looking to make their next movie.
And So It Goes may touch the frayed heartstrings of some older viewers, but it's pretty bad - the failed attempt to Heimlich a venerable movie genre.
And So It Goes never goes quite far enough, in any direction.
This film is the cinematic equivalent of comfort food.
As generic as its title.
Director Rob Reiner's 'And So It Goes,' offers more than juicy leading roles to stars Michael Douglas and Diane Keaton
Curmudgeon Finds Humanity
We get little flashes of story beats, but then it's on to the next thing - never enough to make us really invested in what's happening to these people.
A sitcom-like blob of sentimental geriatric gloop.
Thirty years to the week after "When Harry Met Sally,'' Rob Reiner directs the excruciating, mawkish and interminable romantic dramedy "And So It Goes'' with shocking ineptitude.
The tragedy is that neither Keaton nor Douglas nor director Rob Reiner can find anything better to do.
The script is a series of familiar tropes.
"And So It Goes" does what it needs to do for its target audience in thoroughly sufficient, mediocre ways.
Adequate perhaps for a matinee on a dull weekday - but only if the senior discount applies.
None of this is remotely funny. It's actually kind of sad.
If director Rob Reiner's AARP-aimed comedy stumbles on several fronts, at least it provides a stage for some seasoned pros to strut their stuff.
Can anyone involved with the film have imagined that it would be clever, original, entertaining, or interesting? You know we've seen movies before, right?
What a condescending movie this is.
And So It Goes hits the right notes to satiate an audience keen for sight gags and the un-PC rants of the over-60s, in a light 90 minutes that never strays too far from the established rules of the romantic comedy.
The kind of movie that pops up on the Hallmark Channel around Christmastime. Only with Oscar winners.
A movie as generic as its title, And So It Goes is about a cranky old man who gets to know and help a child in need and becomes a happier, better person. Yes, I know. I gagged a little when I wrote that, too.
The movie is mush, featuring a two-dimensional turn by Diane Keaton and a truly atrocious performance by the usually dependable Michael Douglas.
Douglas and Keaton triumph over the limitations of the material, making us believe that the greatest love in our lives may still be waiting for us.
Pure schmaltz masquerading as life wisdom, it pairs Michael Douglas and Diane Keaton for no apparent reason other than that they fit the elder baby boomer cohort the film is squarely aimed at.
In a different movie with a better script, Douglas and Keaton might have been charming together, with his dryness balancing her feathery ramblings.
For most of the film the tension revolves around whether Oren will manage to sell a house for $8-million or merely $5-million. I was on the back of my seat.
It's a clichéd premise no doubt, but thankfully Reiner and cast play up the comedic angle and make what could have been a flat, Lifetime weepy something springy and possessed of an intermittent joy.
Relatable doesn't have to mean routine, but Mr. Reiner doesn't always bother to tell the difference ...
What keeps this mature romantic comedy from being a winner is a script by Mark Andrus that starts out vapid and barely rises to mediocre.
The pieces of this would-be feel-good movie sink into place with a depressing thud.
A little too corny to endorse fully, but no one should be discouraged from seeing it.
Even with these star wattage pros, Rob Reiner's senior citizen romantic comedy is about as engaging as a drooling nap on a porch.
It does not do much of anything, beyond lulling fans into a glum reverie during which they can recall better films that its Oscar-winning stars made en route to this one.
...good actors are wasted on a clichéd script.
"And So It Goes" looks like it was shot on outdated video equipment and has a forced, jokey script by Mark Andrus.
It's the derivative, too-familiar cinematic version of a shrug and a sigh. Oh, well.
There is very little on the screen to capture your attention.
as stiff and unpleasant as an elder's sciatica.
There's a dumbfounding lapse of continuity, suggesting Leah can turn white wine into red while telekinetically moving it from her right to her left.
If cranking out this kind of mediocre, head-scratching blarney is the only option available to Hollywood veterans like Reiner, we have some friendly advice: Open a haberdashery.
By no means is "And So It Goes" a great romance. But seeing two seasoned pros like Douglas and Keaton together on-screen for the first time, even in an otherwise predictable effort, is pretty great.
The plot has the odor of sitcom conventions, but it's less cloying than you might think.
And So It Goes is harmless. But it's also a clumsy bore.
As generic as its title, this comedy aimed squarely at "mature" audiences may find itself roundly rejected by seniors, if they have any taste.
Keaton and Douglas, both Oscar winners, have pumped the silver screen full of charisma many times before, but not here and not for these characters.
Old people still go out to movie theaters, God bless them, though the meaty fare they enjoyed back in the 70s has given way to soft foods like The Bucket List, Last Vegas, and this senior-citizen rom-com by Rob Reiner.
The enervated pace is like cinematic sedation; it's a wonder the film found the strength to finish.
The movie deserves credit for putting itself in the hands of acting craftsmen.The story just feels awfully familiar.
In a picture about people, it's telling that the most poignant detail included here concerns a real estate transaction.
Romantically uninspiring and comedically unstable, And So It Goes is a poor excuse for a rom-com, even one that continually plays by the rules of the genre...
And So It Goes is betting that your familiarity with the characters will, by their sheer force of presence, "win you over". I say: stand your ground.
It's like watching Oscar the Grouch turn into Mister Rodgers in ninety minutes.
Well, at least it has more laughs than Woody Allen's latest.
Remarkably flavorless and tasteless, which should never be confused for being the same thing.
And So It Goes is a mediocre movie, starring two great actors who've certainly done worse, that benefits from baseline competence and lowered expectations.
Rob Reiner's inability to elicit some sort of spark between his two leads continues to prove that his best days are behind him.
Douglas and Keaton conjure just enough empathy and optimism and cozy charm between them to make us believe that anything can happen at twilight.
It pairs Diane Keaton with Michael Douglas to simulate the sort of second-chance AARP romance that's intended to stimulate grizzled audiences who see one movie in theaters every three or four years.
...the film is a bore.
For all of its 93 minutes, you never feel anything significant is at stake for anyone - save for a paycheck.
Despite the utter predictability of the plot, the picture wins you over. It starts off clumsily but grows more engaging as it continues.

@highlight

And So It Goes aims for comedy, but with two talented stars stuck in a half-hearted effort from a once-mighty filmmaker, it ends in unintentional tragedy.