This is a grand and grown-up film that shows Payne back at the top of his form.
Minimal in its delivery but brimming with heart and bittersweet moments.
Moving at its own pace, this is a fantastic study of Mid West America, where time almost stands still.
Nebraska manages to maintain a perky outlook, while still being bleakly realistic about ageing and the experience of living with persistent regrets and disappointments.
... its beauty lies in its simplicity.
Well, if this is a movie about some place he likes, I'd be interested in seeing what he does to a place he doesn't.
Nebraska speaks of the wisdom of years. The last 5 minutes are the best Payne has ever done. [Full review in Spanish]
Forever typecast as nutjobs and con artists, Dern's Woody Grant is a little chubby, a little bewildered, and a lot unkempt. He's grizzled, resigned, and wonderful, and so is the film.
It may take some time to realise how special this gritty and unsentimental examination of family dynamics and Payne's home state is, but Nebraska is worth the patience.
Dern's line delivery alone - all of his lines are delivered as if he was just awakened from a deep sleep, a flashlight thrust in his face - is worth the price of admission,
Mr. Payne has already achieved a batting average rivaling Pixar's, but here he has finally established himself as a visionary.
I got angrier at Nebraska the longer it trudged on.
Everything about Nebraska feels secondhand. It's a gimmicky sitcom script gussied up with 'artful' affectations borrowed from the New Hollywood heyday of the early '70s.
There are insights into old age, pearls of wisdom and gags galore, all wrapped up in a coating that's more akin to a bitter lemon than sugar.
It's a surprising performance from Forte, tasked with much of the heavy lifting opposite a tight-lipped Dern.
"Nebraska" is Alexander Payne's best film, bar none.
Nebraska, despite a few pleasures, strikes me as Payne's most cartoonish, one-dimensional work.
This may very well be one of the most powerful movies ever made about the misfortune of growing old and fragile.
A nice mix of arthouse quirk and genuine heart.
The sky extends forever across the flat land, never suggesting expanse, but lowering, confinement, pushing small, human figures to the ground.
A surprisingly talented Will Forte plays the son of a cantankerous old drunk, the fascinating Bruce Dern, as he takes a road trip to claim a million-dollar sweepstakes prize that no one thinks he's won. This is Alexander Payne at the top of his game.
Accompanied by a sleepy music score from composer Mark Orton, Nebraska is another wonderful feature film from director Alexander Payne.
Nebraska is undeniable; agonisingly hilarious, unyielding in its paternal love and devastatingly authentic to the ache of life closer to its end than the beginning.
There's a joyful tension that infuses every moment and makes this one of the most compelling, memorable, essential films of the year.
If you see only one black and white film disguised as a road movie this year or next, make it Nebraska.
Payne's most accomplished and emotionally affecting movie since his masterwork, About Schmidt (2002)
It's funnier than some of the comedies I saw in 2013 but I prefer Payne's films when they're tragic and sad too.
Veteran character actor Bruce Dern gets his day in court as the grizzled centrepiece of director Alexander Payne's artfully composed, beautifully filmed black-and-white dramedy about an old man, his dream and his withering, yet defiant sense of self.
Swiftly and smartly, Nebraska becomes an ode to small hopes, big leaps, and the texture of life in all its uncertainty and melancholy.
It's exemplary business as usual for Nebraska, a beautiful, bittersweet comedy-drama.
No film aficionado should miss 'Nebraska.'
There is a sentimental aspect to the concluding stages of the film: it's not as broad or astringent as Payne can be. But there's also something intriguingly dreamlike about its tone.
Alexander Payne is back in prime, prickly form with Nebraska, a marked improvement over his soggy, false-feeling melodrama The Descendants.
In Payne films, as in the films of Jean Renoir, there are no "goodies" or "baddies"; everyone has their reasons, and that makes his work distinctly different from most mainstream American films these days.
Alexander Payne proves the modest stories can be the most powerful
A simple road trip that becomes something much bigger, much broader, and much deeper-a tale of fathers and sons and families and the many shades of grey in the wide spectrum of love.
Full of little riches of observation, character and irony, Nebraska is a gem of a film from a master filmmaker
This is a beautiful film filled with melancholy, regret and longing and whose delicacy lingers
A loving ode to the American wheat belt, told with lashings of candour and wit.
A very entertaining and beautiful tale about life's fleeting opportunities, and the burden that can be the people we love.
[A]n odyssey into the past, into missed opportunities, and into the complexities of an everyday family of malcontents.
(Bruce) Dern is the reason to see "Nebraska." He shuffles along with a determination you grudgingly come to admire. He takes no guff, speaking his mind and brooking no opposition to his goal.
The simple beauty of the entire package is well summed up by Phedon Papamichael's beautiful black-and-white cinematography, which makes everything at once all the more modest yet majestic.
A film that reminds us that old people were once young, and that their youthful passions and dreams are still at play behind the wrinkles.
Low-key, wistful, and disarmingly droll...
I am wearying of Payne's world view. I am beginning to wonder if he is capable of embracing anybody or anything with the sort of depth of feeling that real art demands.
The staging is mostly spot-on, especially when the father and son visit some cousins who can barely muster a moment's attention for their long-lost relatives before their eyes return to their television set.
On surface level, Nebraska is a road movie about discovery. But through brilliant performances, stunning cinematography and most of all, a wonderfully well-told story, it becomes a bittersweet portrait of family.
Payne and Dern find Modest Nobility in "Nebraska"
It's a tribute to Payne and Dern's teamwork that Woody's journey touches us so deeply.
Dern's somber performance anchors Payne's latest foray into the Midwest
Nebraska is an about-face for Payne, and, although it is an improvement over the indulgent Descendants, it does not resonate as resoundingly as his earlier work.
Director Alexander Payne, working from Bob Nelson's economical script, and employing Phedon Papamichael's stunningly bleak black-and-white cinematography to great effect, produces a slice of gritty, uncompromising but also deeply human satire.
It's touching and, at times, very funny.
Bob Nelson's script is a mine of mordant humor and wry insight, and director Alexander Payne carefully brings out the best in the script and his actors.
A refreshingly unsentimental tale of family bonding that unfolds at the leisurely pace of a lazy Sunday afternoon.
[Payne has] made an "American Gothic" for 21st-century, post-recession America. Who needs a pitchfork anyway, when you can have an ice cold bottle of Bud?
A career performance by Bruce Dern destined to be remembered during awards season!
Funny and touching in equal measure. The warmth of Nebraska makes you feel all good inside.
The most overrated film of 2013. An implausible, relentlessly heart-tugging tale. It isn't a bad movie, but it also isn't a legitimate awards contender.
Um filme cuja melancolia é construída não só pela falta de cores, mas também pelos modos sem vida de seus personagens.
Frequently hilarious, and the kind of balanced portrayal of small-town life that you rarely see. It's just too bad the dull construction made it feel like it was trying to give me seasonal affective disorder.
NEBRASKA is measured, sad, funny, and in its simplicity impressively well written.
An almost perfect blend -- sometimes alarmingly bitter, sometimes sadly -- and amusingly -- sweet.
On a road trip with his son, the past catches up with a man of few words. His son learns there is a lot more to his father than he ever knew in this warm, funny film that shows the best and worst in people.
Bruce Dern's face might be the most resonant effect of Nebraska, a movie that offers any number of beautiful views-wide Western US vistas, horizons stretching forever, trucks and saloons and skies.
Nebraska is gentle, heartfelt, and strikes an emotional chord that falls right in line with director Alexander Payne's other recent works.
A poignant and amusing black and white filmed road trip that brings an estranged father and son together.
... more than a gift of a gorgeous film with an unforgettable ensemble cast. Through Woody and David, [Payne] opened a door to relationship redemption that anyone who sees Nebraska can walk through.
The year's best movie. Period. And finally a best actor nod for Bruce Dern and add a nod for June Squibb who does the year's best supporting performance.
In profiling a man who frustrates everyone around him, the film is as realistically ambiguous as it is satisfying.
Nebraska is The Last Picture Show (1971) without the picture show.
Payne just doesn't make bad movies. Until now.
The deft achievement of this movie is that it has a hardness that doesn't delight in the meanness of mockery as the Coens often do.
Dern's performance feels transported from the 1970s, when least likely characters inspired memorable movies, with open-ended, meaningful payoffs.
Tis the season of misanthropic condescension. First "Inside Lleywn Davis" and now this hateful mess.
A must see that will spark conversations and please the viewing audience.
Nebraska tunes its bittersweet "personal journey" riffs to the plaintive waltz of picked guitars and lyrical fiddles, played out against a backdrop of fading midwest towns and long, lonesome interstates.
Less a movie involving a specific state and more a film evoking a specific state of mind.
Quaint but depressing
Nebraska is an absolutely enchanting film, so funny, so touching, ringing true - for me right up there with the year's best.
Droll and poignant, if a little overextended.
Dig down beneath those wintry grays, and Payne's latest is a wonderful and quietly life-affirming film about a dysfunctional family trying to get its act together
After travelling to Hawaii with George Clooney for The Descendants, Payne returns to middle America for this gentle, enjoyable exploration of family connections.
There are insights into old age, pearls of wisdom and gags galore, all wrapped up in a coating that's more akin to a bitter lemon than sugar.
I love that Bruce Dern's Woody does not fall into the depths of codger-cliche.
Dern's portrayal of Woody takes on new shades, and its impossible not to warm up to him, just as the emotional resonance of his story sneaks up on you.
Though taken from an original script by Bob Nelson, the result could hardly be more characteristic of Payne if his name were watermarked into every frame.
Bruce Dern is back and better than ever, playing a stubborn-as-a-mule senior citizen hell bent on a fool-hearty mission in the bittersweet road movie, Nebraska. Affectionate and heart-warming, this is an absolute joy.
In iconic black and white, the brilliant, empathetic Payne ("Sideways") delivers another fully realized road movie - and Oscar contender.
A bittersweet road movie about the joy and sadness of ageing directed by the great Alexander Payne.
Think of David Lynch's The Straight Story and subtract colour and élan.
Beautifully shot and superbly written, the latest film from Alexander Payne is an engaging, bittersweet drama with a terrific central performance from Bruce Dern that merits some awards attention.
A tale of family, history and the middle aged man trying to make sense of it all.
Craft, care, and the cast keep predictable sentimentality mostly at arm's length in this affectionate picture of life, accepting it and its end drawing near.
A priceless gem of a comedy drama...
A pitch-perfect performance from Dern graces Alexander Payne's latest roadmovie - another bittersweet meditation on the sad, comic futility of life.
An intimate road movie about one family that also lingers on the landscapes and fabric of an old-time, dying vision of the American Midwest
A charming road movie that develops into a full-blown study of life and roots, offering a beautiful insight into the way families migrate and change.
The authenticity of Nebraska washes over you in this wave of how every road trip you've ever taken was just captured in slightly less than two hours.
These people are mostly meat-and-potatoes, what-you-see-is-what-you-get, and Payne and screenwriter Bob Nelson frequently portray their Midwestern brethren with disdain and a lack of compassion.
'Nebraska' works for a lot of reasons, but most of it has to do with the performances.
Forte is a surprising fount of melancholy and frustrated ambition, while Dern takes a tough part -- a man of few words who might not be all there -- and masterfully controls his body to convey Woody's inner depths.
It is very, very clear from the evidence of the film that Payne loves Nebraska. It's Nebraskans that he apparently has a problem with.
Payne's compassionate, surprisingly upbeat and mordantly comic black-and-white film about a dying way of life and the people still living it has a familiarity bordering on intimacy.
"Nebraska," it turns out, isn't as bleak as it first looks.
Payne delivers a portrait of small-town America as observant as Picture Show, and a poignant/fun road movie that serves as a companion to the similarly toned Sideways.
A desolate comedy-drama about fathers, sons, life's highways and missed off-ramps.
Rendered in wide black-and-white shots that make the Midwest feel vast, empty and timeless, "Nebraska" is suffused with a rich melancholy, a slow waltz to laconic Americana banjo and fiddle music.
"Nebraska" is a wonderful comedy shot in black-and-white and told in shades of gray.
If you can grin and bear [certain] eye-rolling situations...there's found poetry in Nebraska's slow builds of respect and its deeply understated emotional climax: a father and son crossing past each other as they switch places.
It traces the vanishing of middle American small towns and the importance of having a dream, even if it's a goofy one.
One of the best films of the year ...
Payne remains a deeply humanist filmmaker: He loves people no matter their flaws, and he once again conveys that sympathy through a beautiful, haunting film that initially feels slight but grows large in your memory.
Payne's road movie emphasizes sincerity more than thrills. But its stark beauty and earnest characters provide a memorable excursion.
A special film with a rich sense of character, developing the director's fascination with average people taking unexpected chances with their routine lives.
Sad? At times. But also very, very funny in other instances.
It's Dern's show ... all the way, and he knows it.
It's clear immediately that Payne is going for a nostalgic, unabashedly old-school feel...
Another brilliantly conceived examination of the human condition by the modern master of such fare.
... a rich character study about an unlikely bond formed between father and son through an incident that causes them to remember the past and ponder the future.
A slate of characters the Coen Brothers would admire.
These are not the kind of people you want to spend any time around, so why would you want to sit through a two hour film about them?
In a career-refining performance, Bruce Dern gives us a character in Woody Grant who's hardened by booze, hard to like and -- if his bad-dad tendencies don't cut too close to your bone -- pretty durn amusing.
Like the road trip that fills the bulk of the story, it's a ride that feels awkward and even pointless at first, but one you're sure glad you took by the end.
The pain and hope and sense of loss are all there in Dern's eyes, in Woody's stolid willfulness, his shaky gait.
While Dern's character at one point brushes off Mount Rushmore due it looking unfinished, most everything regarding 'Nebraska' feels complete and just about right. (Full Content Review for Parents also available)
These people, who start off as caricatures of a generational gap, become achingly real in their pain...
A moving little slice-of-life gem, unassumingly big in existential significance.
A potent balance of the heartfelt and hilarious, Nebraska is a small gem and one of Alexander Payne's best films yet.
There's no lying or condescending from this director. "Nebraska" feels pure.
Alexander Payne has crafted an ornery American comedy with a brusque Midwestern edge and a core of authentic feeling. It provokes wise, wary laughter even as it makes you choke back tears.
It's ideal material for Alexander Payne, a director with great affection for the interstate.
Removing the colour from the film also removes any hint of contemporary glamour or digitized studio syrup, and boldly places us in new dimension where we're forced to look and listen to people who look and sound a lot like us.
Dern as Woody is a fascinating portrait of opacity.
Payne has never before been this melancholy, or this sincere. Nebraska looks into America's soul and finds a troubling emptiness.
Nebraska is the work of a great director hitting his stride.
It has moments of uncanny grace, made all the more beautiful by their dryness: a family, briefly, pulling together; a son suddenly understanding his father's dream; a tiny moment, at the end, of unexpected triumph.
"Nebraska" bears Payne's trademark combination of low-key humor, poignancy and an overall feeling of Beckett-esque resignation.
Great work by Dern, but I don't understand the director's need to denigrate Midwestern and/or lower-class people, and depict them as a tribe of slack-jawed morons.
Alexander Payne's excellent drama offers its own brand of quirky joys, including a transparently earnest performance by Chicago native Bruce Dern.
I said that Alexander Payne makes no mistakes, and that is true here. This is a road picture, but beautifully self-contained and sure-footed.
There's a deep sorrow here about the way families frequently fail to communicate, even when death is staring them in the face.
Payne, shooting in widescreen black and white with cinematographer Phedon Papamichael, elevates the material with images, simply composed, of serious and paradoxically ordinary beauty.
Just trust this: see it. You'll be treated to some laugh-out-loud humor, a lot of heart and some outstanding performances.
Maintains a wonderful balance between sentiment and satire...almost magical in its mixture of humor and poignancy.
These characters demonstrate that just because your search was fruitless doesn't mean the trip isn't worthwhile.
Payne never shoots for big, wacky moments, but if you can allow yourself to get into the film's deliberate rhythms, it offers a trove of honest observations and satisfying (and, admittedly, occasionally acrid) laughs.
"Nebraska" is a slice of Americana that is amusing but also quite poignant.
After a summer of far too many loud, but ultimately empty superhero films, Nebraska is a blessed relief.
Filled with the director's characteristically sardonic humor, but it's fundamentally a serious movie interested in the intricacies of the human condition.
Alexander Payne once again proves that he is a director who will always deliver meaningful content in his films.
Alexander Payne has the confidence to allow "Nebraska" to unfold at a leisurely pace. I liked it the first time I saw it...
Director Alexander Payne has taken a combination father-son bonding story-road movie and made it feel entirely fresh.... mostly because of the delicate, lovely, bittersweet tone he conjures up and sustains throughout the entire movie.
A deceptively low-key road movie that carries some real comedic and dramatic bite.
Nebraska is an engaging, funny and altogether touching road trip that moviegoers of different ages might want to consider taking.
Nebraska is black and white ninja of sentiment. You won't know what hit you until the damage has already been done.
All the performances are dryly on point.
Payne does not resort to sentimental hokum but offers a poignant portrait of aging with the burden of regret.
Payne shows a great deal of affection for these ornery, not always so soft-spoken Midwesterners, but he also demonstrates a fair amount of disaffection, too.
A beautiful, timeless American film whose story, characters and performances should be treasured. This is one of the year's best films and once again, Alexander Payne has given us a tender, poetic masterpiece.
The performances are what truly accentuate this narrative. Forte carries off every complex quirk, while seasoned actor Dern is uncharacteristically subdued.
More in line with About Schmidt than Sideways, Alexander Payne's latest is a warm and witty look at the relationship between fathers and sons...
Is Nebraska a comedy or a drama? Like life, it's both. Payne takes his time. Deal with it. This is a movie to bring home and live with, to kick around in your head after it hits you in the heart. It's damn near perfect, starting with the acting.
Anywhere else but in this movie, Woody's quest would evidence a high level of dementia. "Nebraska" is far too precious to entertain that notion.
Dern gives a brave and unfaltering performance. But his crusty old coot is a very limited character.
Although Payne has never been a flashy director - he's one of the few modern filmmakers who regularly, publicly puts script and performance first - there are so many lovely, visual moments in this film, shot in wide-screen black-and-white.
Dern makes Woody as cantankerous as he is clueless, bobbing and weaving to avoid his inevitable mortality, but there's a purity about him that'll break your heart.
"Nebraska'' has enough good lines, scenes and performances to make it worth your while, as well as a sufficiently upbeat ending to qualify it as holiday entertainment.
With stunning black-and-white cinematography by Phedon Papamichael and a wistful fiddle score by Mark Orton, its contemplative pace feels just right.
Nebraska captures the same sort of dislocation [as Paris, Je T'aime, but] on a grander scale, overlaying it with relocation-a series of mild or intense shocks arising from Woody's return to his long-abandoned home town in Nebraska...
Summations can't convey the filmmaking delicacy that marries tart-tongued comedy with unexpected warmth in a story that touches on family, memory, getting old and staying alive.
Nebraska is as bittersweet as its black-and-white photography, a cockeyed ode to Midwestern life and an argument for why the state's native son Payne got the hell out of there.
"Nebraska" is a ruthless social satire that proves Payne hasn't lost his misanthropic edge after going gentle with "The Descendants."
Though it features some good laughs and decent performances, the movie never really goes anywhere.
Nebraska is a film of raw beauty and great humanity.
Hard times are part of the picture, and so are hard people.
By the metrics of the heart, "Nebraska" is as big as it is beautiful.
'Nebraska' is one of those funny movies that turn emotional, but it slips in moments of unexpected depth.
...clearly Payne's oeuvre, another road movie and a kin of Payne's superior "About Schmidt." This time a son discovers his father rather than the father finding himself while women continue to be the sexual aggressors.
As in "About Schmidt" and "Sideways," Payne - an Oscar winner for the script of "The Descendants" - finds poetry in everyday, lower-middle-class folks.
There's a gentle tone to Alexander Payne's work, which makes his piercing look at contemporary American life all the more surprising. And, perhaps, revealing.
Nebraska unfolds from a point of simplicity into a deep thread that sews together the best and worst of human nature.
As an ode to fading small towns, and to the state its director once called home, it feels downright disingenuous.
Takes the heartland - a stretch of America that Hollywood flatters as the place where Reese Witherspoon can find herself - and strips the Norman Rockwell off it like cheap aluminum siding.
Haunting middle America masterpiece!
Woody Grant could have stepped straight out of Grant Wood's painting American Gothic. His story, too: crusty old coot from a dying farm town, looking for Meaning at the end of a life that may not have had one.
Nebraska is one of Payne's best films, a near-perfect amalgam of the acrid humor, great local color, and stirring resonances that run through his work.
Alexander Payne crafts a handsome showcase for veteran actor Bruce Dern with this diverting father-son road movie.
Mr. Nelson's observant, detailed script flawlessly captures the mood of what American ennui has done to both old and young men on their way to becoming losers, lending a look and feel that seems like the Great Depression.
... a smart, subtle, stripped-down gem, a low-fi version of what we're used to seeing Payne do.
The film features a number of superb acting performances, none more so than from Bruce Dern and June Squibb.
A surprisingly funny tone poem on roots and separation and disappointment...Dern barely speaks and holds the camera's focus just with his fascinatingly oblique presence.
Shot in crisp black and white, Nebraska seems simple at its start. But it's given incredible depth by its astounding cast.
"Nebraska" strikes at a distinctly American mindset of jealousy, greed, and betrayal that undermines its citizens' equally persistent sense of optimism, integrity, and familial connection.
A wry, somewhat downbeat comedy in the vein of The Straight Story, Nebraska sees Alexander Payne return to the road trip in this affecting story of a taciturn old man with advancing dementia.
The movie is a triumph of an especially satisfying kind. It arrives at a kind of gnarled grace that's true to this sorry old man and the family he let down in so many ways.
A sad, undeniably thoughtful depiction of midwestern eccentrics regretting the past and growing bored of the present -- ideas that Payne regards with gentle humor and pathos but also something of a shrug.
The real "You betcha" belt is exposed in all its raw beauty, with dying little towns, ancient residents and the children they've trapped there with them.
Whereas The Descendants' paradisal locale hid uncomfortable truths, the bleak depiction of the economically-depressed Midwest belies the sweet, sturdy father/son story at Nebraska's heart.
It's probably Payne's most poetic work yet, a quiet, subtle study of the highs and lows of family life.
Aided by Alexander Payne's whimsical humor and poignant, homespun humanity, Bruce Dern delivers a restrained-yet-convincing, career-crowning performance as a cantankerous old coot who's convinced he's won $1 million sweepstakes lottery.
Bruce Dern's towering performance anchors this story set in what urban hipsters call flyover country.
'Nebraska' is in love with its characters. By the end, so is the audience.
Alternately a poetic tale of personal affirmation and a plainspoken metaphor for tenacity in the face of meager hope, "Nebraska" is not just a beautiful or great film but an essential one for our time.
A beguiling and intimate change of pace for Payne.
In the film, Alexander Payne's overview of America is extraordinarily, multifariously profound.
All the hijinks and misunderstandings are rooted in the woes and/or promise of the family's past, present, and future, making the film an especially thoughtful bittersweet comedy.
One of the Most Spiritually Literate Films of 2013 about a son who takes his irritable dad on the road and in the process opens himself to truly honoring his father.
a showcase opportunity for national treasure Bruce Dern.
One of Payne's better films.
A tangle of film school clichés, rampant condescension and woe-is-me, middle-aged-white-guy-problems so juvenile it would blot even a first-time filmmaker's copybook.
A straightforward road trip with an embracing sense of melancholia
The critical consensus from Cannes about Nebraska is that it's "minor Payne." I think it might be more accurate to call it a transitional film, with one foot in his old techniques and one tentatively standing in new ones.
There's a poignant suggestion of a modern-day Don Quixote and Sancho Panza, and it works in a thoughtfully wrought film that feels more built to last than Payne's last feature, The Descendants.
All I can tell you for certain is that Nebraska got to me.
A whimsical minor addition to the Payne canon.
A wistful ode to small-town Midwestern life and the quixotic dreams of stubborn old men.
A bittersweet father-son road trip through an emotionally economically parched homeland.
Payne's latest considers the notion of legacy with quietly heart-wrenching attention to detail, and is one of his sweetest yet most unsentimental films to date.
Essentially this movie is about giving an old man his dignity, which is found through letting him play out an embarrassing misunderstanding, letting someone figure that out for themselves is more respectful than "saving" them from it by stepping in.
Payne directs the film in a relatively uncluttered manner, ensuring the film plays out as a slowly unravelling elegant narrative.
Nebraska has much merit, but for Payne it is a little underwhelming.
There's little heart in Payne's heartland.
Really, Nebraska is a small-scale quixotic adventure about the importance of dreams, no matter how pie-eyed, in which the outlined flaws could all be forgiven, if it just went somewhere a bit more surprising.
Payne can't seem to decide if he's coddling these old-school Midwesterners for their rudely rustic values or sneering at the sheer narrowness of their worldview.
This is a resounding return to form for Payne: there are moments that recall his earlier road movies About Schmidt and Sideways, but it has a wistful, shuffling, grizzly-bearish rhythm all of its own.
A thoroughly sweet and charming movie, and a reminder of Dern's quality as an actor.
A rank exercise in hicksploitation sentimentalism.
A wonderfully drawn and utterly charming portrait of dysfunction that doubles as a curious love letter to the American family.

@highlight

Elegant in its simplicity and poetic in its message, Nebraska adds another stirringly resonant chapter to Alexander Payne's remarkable filmography.