A beautiful and haunting Afghan film about love, devotion, and a woman's 'duty'; a remarkable feminist story from the unlikeliest place on the planet.
As it progresses the woman's story is paralleled with several religious myths and it builds to a conclusion that is terrifying, far-fetched and powerfully-realised. The final moments resonate with a mythic quality.
It's Rahimi's courage as both writer and director that makes this intense and perceptive picture so unflinchingly compelling.
A real one-off.
By turns mysterious, moving, shocking and explicit - and very different from the kind of opaque and quietist cinema we might expect.
A beguiling and perplexing piece of conceptual slow cinema from Iranian director Atiq Rahimi.
Another absorbing lead performance from Golshifteh Farahani in Atiq Rahimi's The Patience Stone
In a war-raved city, a woman sits and talks to her husband. He doesn't say much, since he's been shot and he's in a coma.
It requires a leap of faith, but this handsome-looking film offers a disarming combination of insight, compassion and provocation.
Co-writer Jean-Claude Carrière was Buñuel's screenwriter and this stark story of a life at odds with a society's laws bears the hallmarks of his earlier work.
Exploitational eyes aside, "Patience Stone" can be pretty mesmerizing nonetheless, and it does anything but let the male breed off easy.
The film loses the palpable tension it manages to set up in the beginning
There are surprising developments and revelations along the way, and they all eventually dovetail into a beautiful conclusion.
This visually static and dramatically interior film by Atiq Rahimi, adapted from his novel, is largely a play about two people.
Directed by Atiq Rahimi and based on his novel, "The Patience Stone" speaks for all oppressed women, for all oppressed people for that matter.
There isn't a false step from the quietly devastating Farahani; her tour-de-force performance carries the film through its rocky stretches.
Farahani carries the movie almost single-handedly, and her performance is remarkable.
With a piercing edge, "The Patience Stone" is a cry from behind the veil, where a suffocating woman weaves a new life of her own design.
Farahani's central performance radiates with authenticity.
The bare room where the husband lies helpless becomes a confessional where Farahani pours out the woman's life story in a performance that grabs you with its quiet yet searing power.
A startling fantasy of Muslim feminist empowerment that allows the Iranian-born actress Golshifteh Farahani to put on what amounts to a one-woman show.
Speaking of patience, it will try yours.
An intermittently powerful piece, driven by Farahani's nuanced performance, though eventually its verbosity takes a toll.
The details of the woman's life are like a crash course in the sociology of a country living through turmoil ...
Some movies prove both immediately transformative - altering how we view the world as soon as we leave the theater - and long-lasting, demanding days or weeks of reflection.
"The Patience Stone" has a feminine viewpoint, yes, but it is also an indictment of a culture that would repress women's rights en total.
[A] quietly fierce condemnation of fundamentalist Muslim society's treatment of women ...
The film burns with the collective anger of exiles, unfolding as an indictment of the Islamic customs and religious practices that oppress women in their native countries.
Most impressive, however, is Farahani's lead performance. Though often pitiable, the heroine never registers as a martyr or a victim, but a relatable, multifaceted human being.
It's a little on-the-nose. But "The Patience Stone" has Farahani, in nearly every shot, and in its meticulously paced way her movie-long confessional is something to see.
If Rahimi begins his film in a room so bare it resembles a cell, he ends it in the selfsame one like something out of 'Arabian Nights,' his oppressed wife rendered Sheherazade.
In a searing, provocative, and passionate performance, [Farahadi]performs a virtual monologue with such emotional precision that there is no need for the traditional call-and-response of dialogue driven films.
A genuine political psychodrama that makes its point with a sledgehammer.
From beginning to end, it's a very human story.
Amid these horrors, the young wife retains not only the frailty but also the incandescence, the sheer staying power, of beauty.
A unique, intimately scaled and enormously affecting dissection of patriarchal culture, anchored by a wonderful performance from Golshifteh Farahani.
It's a tragedy streaked with nightmare farce.
Mesmerizing Farahani. . . makes for a very tense film. . .Even with cultural specificity, soberly demonstrates the cruel impact of oppression on women any place, any time.
With so many dramas depicting the varied facets of life in war-torn Middle Eastern countries, none are quite like this intimate depiction of a young woman's existence in The Patience Stone.
"The Patience Stone" is essentially a monologue, and Atiq Rahimi (directing the adaptation of his own novel) doesn't have what it takes to make the story more dynamic.
Speaking truth to power - all manner of truths, to any kind of power - is at the core of "The Patience Stone."
What might have impressed on the stage-an attenuated monologue by the heroine-seems forced in the confined space of the dreary one-room bedroom set.
Life and death circle each other restlessly and then furiously in the Afghan-set movie "The Patience Stone."
Shines a startling, hugely affecting light on the desperate measures so many women must take to survive in the world's most mercilessly patriarchal cultures.
There's only so much anyone can do with a conceit that amounts to a movie-length speech delivered to a coma patient.
The camera observes, quietly. There is a stillness, not only in the images, but in the air itself.
Farhani ... almost single-handedly carries the film; the range the Iranian actor displays here proves that she's destined for bigger things. Fans will just have to be patient.
The movie makes all this single-room, beating-her-breast stuff more punishing than the novel does, and less rewarding as well.
For much of The Patience Stone, Farahani is the movie, and ... her magnetic presence goes a long way toward putting a human face on the film, more successfully than the material around her.
Sensual and horrifying, The Patience Stone plays like a mesmerizing, modern take on the tales of Scheherazade and a parable on the suffering of Afghan women.
Golshifteh Farahani gives a memorable and moving performance in Atiq Rahimi's poetic and politically charged allegory.
A luminous central performance from Golshifteh Farahani distinguishes an ambitious if somewhat monotonously wordy adaptation of a prize-winning best-seller.
Profoundly disturbing depiction of the grim realities and the oppression women endure under the Taliban regime - yet enthralling because of Golshifteh Farahani's performance.
The great Iranian actress Golshifteh Farahani delivers what will doubtless be the year's most riveting series of monologues
An astonishing film about an Afghan woman's close-encounter with sex, power, and female desire after a loveless marriage and years of oppression by all the men in her life.
While Atiq Rahimi's film may peel away the many layers of its female lead like an onion, the end result is still just an onion.
The only ferociousness comes from Farahani... She gives The Patience Stone its gravitas.

@highlight

It may prove frustratingly slow for some viewers, but more contemplative filmgoers will find themselves rewarded by The Patience Stone 's quietly fierce storytelling, as well as a searing starring turn from Golshifteh Farahani.