Insubstantial though it is, The September Issue has its pleasures and even revelations.
The September Issue is a misshapen, mix-and-match affair, an ill-fitting ensemble of individually compelling pieces.
The September Issue is like the world's most perfect accessory; pointless, but difficult not to look at. And look at it long enough, you might actually find you like it.
full review at Movies for the Masses
The War Room director R J Cutler is a serious filmmaker, and while some may think fashion is a less than serious subject (Wintour's daughter Bee being one of them, as we find out in one amusing scene), his film is a riveting insight.
a more perfect representation of the eternal struggle, and even more eternal dependence, of art and commerce, there could not be.
R. J. Cutler's documentary appears to gloss over many pertinent details and the filmmaker has been accused of being too easy on Wintour, but The September Issue is incisive, detailed and somewhat cruel.
Grace, the movie implies, is the genius behind what Vogue really sells, which is romantic aspirational fantasies for women.
sporadically successful, but mostly feels stranded at the surface, possibly because its insider-ism gets the best of the filmmakers by keeping them so trapped inside the Vogue universe that we never hear any outside voices
For some, fashion might not seem like exciting material, but director R.J. Cutler is able to create some genuine suspense and tension, as the days and hours count down to the "close" of the issue.
While it's fun for fashionholics just to watch a movie in which people say "It's a famine of beauty!" and "The jacket is the new coat," the film becomes more substantial as it narrows its focus to two people: an artist and a curator.
A mesmerizing study of the tension between commerce and creativity.
They say that when you gaze into the abyss, the abyss gazes back at you. Looking into the sunglasses of Vogue editor Anna Wintour must be kind of like that. Except that you never think to yourself, "I wonder if the abyss thinks I look fat in these jeans?"
In its way, The September Issue is about expert craftsmen toiling away at a factory, albeit an unimaginably glamorous one.
Cutler takes an often riveting nuts-and-bolts look at what goes into creating the Vogue September issue, and it's a shame that he isn't more focused on the procedural.
Coddington, at least, gives us an appreciation of the talent seeing to it that the grandest fashion magazine of them all still sells the dream of glamour with style.
Grace Coddington, Vogue's Creative Director, is the secret weapon the movie needs. One sits through all the Anna Wintour stuff just to get back to her.
An insider's view of high fashion's ultimate tastemakers proves it's not just for aficionados.
[Cutler] worms his way into subcultures without judgment or probing, preferring to let group dynamics speak for themselves.
Far more insightful than the fawningly impressed The Devil Wears Prada or the weakly satirical Prêt-à-Porter.
Wintour's face, sometimes sans her trademark shades, is often the focus of Cutler's lens. But she reveals little of what's in her heart ... and neither does the movie.
The documentary film The September Issue is enchanting, bewildering, and informing... a terrific merging of fashion and cinema.
Is Anna really any tougher than a man doing this job? I think not!
You're thinking this is the ultimate chick flick? You would be wrong.
It's kind of irresistible.
RJ Cutler had plenty of access, but it's pretty clear that from start to finish it was Anna Wintour who was in control of this movie.
Documentarian R.J. Cutler manages the impossible--revealing the notoriously aloof Vogue editor-in-chief Anna Wintour's personality behind the ice queen facade.
From watching the new documentary 'The September Issue,' it's hard to tell if novelist and former Anna Wintour assistant Lauren Weisberger was unfair to the editor when she created the relentlessly cruel Miranda Priestly.
We should all apprentice under Anna Wintour.
Even if the subject of the magazine doesn't interest you, the mechanics of making it happen will add much to the story of these two women for whom fashion is the world, not just a job.
Cutler's access to both Vogue's often frenetic production process as well as to its elusive editor-in-chief trumps the tsks over financial indulgences the film may elicit.
In director R.J. Cutler's snappy documentary about the making of the September 2007 issue of Vogue editor Anna Wintour exhibits an icy, unflappable veneer.
A slight, if often riveting, behind-the-scenes documentary.
[A] wise, engaging frock-umentary.
It's got everything one could hope for in a movie experience: drama, wit, stifled rage, unbridled glee, pouty adolescents wearing far too much makeup, massive egos and a heroine who is absolutely irresistible.
There's something fishy about a documentary that takes its cues from a fictional movie.
The September Issue really has only as much depth and relevance as fashion itself, but when we travel through the looking glass, it's not usually the simple image on the other side for which we are searching.
Like the sunglasses concealing a big portion of Anna's face, this film conceals more than it reveals. But we still catch glimpses of this iconic personality, often in the reactions of those around her.
Even a haute couture heathen such as I recognizes that to full-blown fashionistas, "September Issue" is nothing short of a religious experience.
A splendid study of the forces and passions behind the world's biggest fashion magazine.
Consistently funny and engaging, 'The September Issue' is also a window onto the top echelon of an industry in which fanciful escapism is deadly serious.
Wintour and her colleagues are well-dressed company, but what's really going on stays behind closed doors.
Director, R. J. Cutler, gradually gets under the surface of this glossy universe, and the resulting film feels accurate and true.
This entertaining movie has no interest in digging deep. Maybe digging deep in a world of gorgeous surfaces is beside the point.
For all the criticisms that the publication has faced in recent years, The September Issue shows that Vogue is a melting pot of creativity and personalities.
While it may not offer the full Wintour, The September Issue is nonetheless filled with vivacity, charm and, yes, beauty...
Wintour steers a tight ship. Coddington reminds her that Vogue has a history based on something more than profit. In the end, they're a winning combination.
Intimate knowledge of designer threads is not essential, and although this won't make you rush out and grab the latest Vogue, it does shake its little tush on the catwalk in a surprisingly agreeable way.
A frockumentary bound to end up on every fashionista's must-see list.
The result is extremely gripping. The office walls of Vogue are the ideal place for a fly; a permanent home for well-timed bitchiness, with Wintour alternating between subtly deflating euphemism and overtly withering straight talk.
It's the relationship between these two intransigent British women that's the backbone here.
A funny and involving new documentary.
It'd be nice (and fair) if Cutler dared ask Wintour about her reasons rather than framing her march to the layout room as though she's a Chanel-suited Darth Vader.
Despite being entertaining, The September Issue fails to find out what makes Wintour tick, with the woman behind those ever-present shades remaining infuriatingly elusive.
A sleek, very entertaining documentary.
Almost nothing of insight is allowed to intrude on the story, the single point of curiosity being the mild tension between the editor and her flame-haired, forthright creative director Grace Coddington.
Glimpsing the emotional chinks in Wintour's armour makes this a fascinating watch as much as the to-die-for frocks, XXL personalities and hilarious fashionista nonsense intoned like papal decree. Eg: 'Jackets are the new coats.'
The world isn't always pretty, and neither is the one depicted here, but it's nice to think the imagination will always have its place. Strike a pose.
A revealing documentary for fashionistas everywhere.
Director RJ Cutler trails the Devil Wears Prada inspiration in the run-up to the magazine's biggest and most important issue he still finds himself with an interesting story to tell.
One is forced to admire Wintour's decisiveness, her unwavering faith in her own instincts, as well as her ability to keep a multitude of creatives in check.
It's the relationship between Coddington and her boss, the icy, remote Wintour -- a genius of another sort -- that makes The September Issue so fascinating.
What emerges is a kind of comic thriller about the insult of having hard work ignored or heartlessly omitted, as Wintour does to several images from one of Coddington's photo shoots.
Because this is an "authorized" (a.k.a. flattering) behind-the-scenes glimpse of "Vogue," it's glossy eye-candy but we never truly know what makes Anna Wintour tick.
Plenty of glitz but precious little substance...an oddly toothless portrait of a bruising business.
The September Issue is an eye-opening, highly satisfying romp.
This seems to be a woman who is concerned with one thing above all: The implementation of her opinion. She is not the monster depicted by Meryl Streep in The Devil Wears Prada, but then how could she be?
What's most conspicuously missing from this ensemble is some input from the advertisers who subsidize Wintour's tyranny, and the readers who are seduced into buying her beautiful four-pound paperweights.
It isn't simply interesting to see how American Vogue is put together, but actually fun, humorous and insightful. Plus, Wintour is really a b**ch sometimes, and that is always good to watch.
Fascinating, frequently funny and highly entertaining documentary.
An irresistible pop culture mashup.
Cutler never mentions animal fur, sweatshop labor or any issues that can make fashion seem less than fabulous. The September Issue is more about surface than depth, much like its subject. And in case you're wondering: Yes, this movie makes you look fat.
Filmmaker R.J. Cutler demonstrates once again that he -- as well as anybody -- can capture the interpersonal dynamics that drive a team of headstrong individuals. Or at least make us think he has.
seems already dated
An excellent documentary that's fast-paced, funny and deeply engaging.
A captivating, lively and slick documentary that's heavy on style, but low on substance.
Can Wintour -- who's reportedly paid $2-million a year and also given an annual personal clothing budget of $200,000 -- keep her job? In the fashion biz, this is what passes for hard times.
The movie offers insights that lift it beyond the realist version of The Devil Wears Prada.
The September Issue has little to say about fashion, the real ins and outs of publishing or the inner workings of the magazine's meanie-in-chief, Anna Wintour.
The September Issue is old news, all the more so given the recent recession-driven transformation of the magazine landscape.
Wintour, apparently, is queen of the universe %u2013 or the fashion universe. Which has as much to do with the real universe as Spongebob does to the plight of the dolphin.
R.J. Cutler's vibrant and mischievous documentary The September Issue is only partly a movie about fashion. At its heart, it's really a movie about work, about the ways individuals compete with, grate against and inspire one another in the workplace.
If a syllable could kill (and it can, can't it?), the movie would be the Texas Chainsaw Massacre of the stiletto-heeled and dagger-toothed.
...mostly a big bore that delivers on few of its promises...Cutler's inadvertent focus on Coddington suggests a conceptual change during filming stuffed into a pre-conceived marketing campaign.
A fascinating, frustrating documentary.
For the past year or so, Wintour's been on the media warpath to win back her image, and Cutler seems happy to oblige.
I came away from The September Issue liking Anna Wintour more than I thought I would, but mostly with an appreciation for her mission: not just to sell magazines, to market clothing and style, but to give femininity its sheen.
What we do come away with is an appreciation for clothing and photography as art forms and the kind of work and emotion that go into each issue, especially the September issue, the largest each year for its fall fashion features.
An engaging, entertaining and exquisite documentary about prima fashionista Anna Wintour's influence at Vogue and on the fashion industry.
Wintour's arctic imperiousness has a way of creating the most masochistic deference, a dynamic that R.J Cutler superficially explores -- and becomes prone to -- in his documentary The September Issue.
Entertaining and revelatory as it is, the docu raises questions of any work that's authorized version, and there's also the issue of context, as it depicts the fashion magazine two years ago and so much has changed since then.
The real Anna Wintour, the perennial editor/dominatrix of American Vogue, is much more fascinating than Meryl Streep's version.
Elegantly photographed, and buoyed by a crackling indie soundtrack, The September Issue occasionally stalls, but is unexpectedly thought provoking.
What makes it worth watching is the often fraught dynamic of the relationship between Wintour and Vogue's creative director, Grace Coddington.
R.J. Cutler's fly-on-the-wall observational tack smartly trusts viewers to track small non-verbal details, and he's rewarded with the sort of carping and back-biting that almost any employee will recognize in their own corporate workplace.
It is complemented by the kind of candour makers of documentaries dream about.
If you do already care, this glimpse behind the dark glasses of the most powerful person in fashion is perhaps revelation enough. Fashionistas: add a star.
It's a fascinating insight.
A documentary portraying the Vogue editor's preparations for her biggest issue, and it demonstrates that if anything, Streep toned Wintour down.
More a snapshot then a full blown insight into either Vogue, its September 2007 issue or its famous editor, Anna Wintour, the film has many positives and a few irritants. But it does take us at leat half way into the world of fashion bible
Intriguing, revealing and thoroughly entertaining, we are privy to a front row seat in the fashion show of the decade
The value of this film is in the way it validates fashion as art.
The people around Wintour are so colourful that we never want it to end.
A disarmingly and deliciously unexpected celebration of matriarchs with attitude.
A far better watch than it probably has any right to be. The audience that dreams of being supermodels or wants to see powerful women at the center of their own universe is a vast one, and in the right hands this movie could do measurable business.








@highlight

This doc about the making of Vogue's biggest issue and its frosty editor-in-chief is fascinating eye candy and light-on-its-feet fun.