A period piece that may play well with those who hate period pieces. [Blu-ray]
Easy Virtue makes subtle comedy look easy. The ensemble is brilliant, and Noel Coward's play-brought-to-film is just good enough . . . .
This British drawing-room comedy feels awfully familiar but is redeemed by some tart performances.
A recent headline declared that [Jessica] Biel "is still trying to prove she's more than a pretty face." After Easy Virtue, she's still got something to prove.
It's only a surprise if you haven't seen his other films.
Awkwardly conceived in a superficial reality that leaves its punch lines without much punch.
Biel's performance lacks the zing needed to jolt this comedy of manners.
Jessica Biel turns out to be up to the task of handling Coward's deliciously acidic lines and is well-matched with an impressive all-British cast in the sparkling "Easy Virtue."
If Colin Firth and Kristin Scott Thomas firing snarky bon mots at people for 90 minutes doesn't sound entertaining, I don't know what to tell you.
...almost undone by the casting of thoroughly modern Jessica Biel.
Easy to like but hard to wholly recommend.
Biel holds her own with the seamless acting chops of Firth and Thomas. The movie benefits from a snappy musical score with familiar standout show tunes from Cole Porter.
Said husband, as well as the family's other members, are as bland and forgettable as the 1920s British cuisine on display.
Echoing the words of the great Porter song, Easy Virtue deliciously misbehaves.
In 1988, Sheridan Morley noted that Easy Virtue "remains of interest chiefly as Noel's elegant, laconic tribute to a lost world of drawing-room dramas." This gleefully inelegant movie tosses even that mild interest away.
Biel is not completely miscast in this role of the Other in the drawing-room midst, but she exudes a thoroughly contemporary air that never jibes with the Twenties tenor of the English manor-born in the decade after the Great War.
Will appeal only to Anglophiles who swoon at the sound of such words as 'codswallop'...
Sporadically engaging, Easy Virtue would do better swapping amusement for a more elusive quarry: truth.
To say that her casting doesn't work is an understatement. And there's not nearly enough of Coward's biting wit on display here.
Stephan Elliott is back with a vengeance. He's also back with a movie that's not only a worthy successor to Priscilla, it may be even better.
These are good actors telling a good story, so the virtue is indeed easy to grasp, and a fine time should be had by all.
Engaging and well acted -- that rare period piece that refuses to yield to predictably stuffy interpretations of what does and doesn't constitute familial screen conflict in times gone by.
Jessica Biel has such a contemporary sensibility that she's more than a fish-out-of-water in Noel Coward's 1920s comedy of manners and moral - she's a feminist-out-of-century.
Biel still appears uncomfortable. She would do well to get more experience under her belt before reaching for a corset. If she caught any break, it's that Easy Virtue only pretends to be upscale cinema.
Easy Virtue has all the elements for a sprightly romp with serious underpinnings, and occasionally it achieves that balance. But it's marred by attempts at farce that are as belabored as they are ill-advised.
A winning, witty fox trot through the Roaring 20s, when men were men, women were liberating themselves and the 'to the manner born' were losing their grip on their manners -- and manors.
Witty but uneven period piece has mature themes.
Jessica Biel gets more publicity for her body and her boyfriend than for her acting ability, but Easy Virtue may be cause for a reassessment.
If Noel Coward had written Meet the Parents, it might look something like [this]: wickedly funny and also (or perhaps therefore) entirely free of poop jokes.
Biel's rather lumpen line readings aside it has enough stylish zest and laughs to make it an easy recommendation.
Breezily compensates for its minor flaws.
Easy Virtue would like us to sympathize with the fresh-faced American, but the bitter, insult-spewing Brits are so much more entertaining that I was rooting for them.
What might've been a scrumptious, chocolatey dessert of a movie -- a Noel Coward delite -- is instead a scoop of lemon ice, not filling, faintly sweet and mostly water.
Full of forced jocularity and drawing-room hissy fits, with its cast parading around in vintage threads and antique cars, Easy Virtue is a close-to-insufferable souffle based on the 1925 Noel Coward play.
It lumbers instead of dazzles, drags where it should feint and jab.
Disappointing.
I know it's a period piece, but the attitudes are dated to the point of being nonsensical. The actors seem to sense this, and ramp up their performances to fill the void.
Stephan Eliott's Noel Coward adaptation hits a lilting comic gallop in '20s era England.
Presumably the first Noël Coward adaptation feature a Billy Ocean song.
While everyone won't agree with the approach...it does result in the sort of mildly amusing, feel-good period piece with an easy-to-swallow message that appeals to today's older audiences.
I'll take a fox hunt over a car chase any day!
The characters are so thinly drawn that the movie lacks the depth we have come to admire from the period pieces of recent years.
The only characters who seem anchored in some form of reality are the hero's parents...all the others, from siblings to servants, are standard-issue eccentrics or the subjects of running gags.
The comedy of manners is loosely based on the Noel Coward play, so it's all fast women and quick Brit wit -- not to mention the gorgeous costumes and settings of an opulent period piece.
A mild comedy of manners set in the Roaring Twenties ... You might think any comedy filled with flappers would be funny, but this one isn't. It deserves no laughs and few smiles.
[Director] Elliott had a choice in Easy Virtue, to turn away from the horror or face it. He takes his time, but he eventually does face it -- and delivers up a good movie.
Full of gorgeous architecture and sightlines but a bit too cold for comfort and with an all-too pervasive air of tedium.
Elliott nearly turns the whole affair into a musical, with characters singing snatches of Coward and Cole Porter songs. But his sense of humor is extremely broad.
I enjoyed Easy Virtue with its witty dialogue, great character acting and the mother-in-law from hell.
What should have been an entertaining diversion for audiences in the mood for an explosion-free evening at the movies instead turns out to be an excruciating misfire on virtually every level.
There's supposed to be some distance between the main character and the family she marries into — but that distance probably shouldn't include acting styles.
Those coming in cold may be forgiven for thinking they've wandered into Atonement remade as a farce.
Easy Virtue has enough traces of Coward's wit to keep you hoping for the first hour or so, but then the film collapses under the weight of too many misguided innovations.
Unusually for a play by Noel Coward, Love struggles while conquering All in Easy Virtue, a subversive view of British country-house society between the wars.
Jessica Biel in a teacup-rattling '20s period piece? With her lewd pinup grin and husky flat voice, she sticks out like a sore starlet in Easy Virtue -- but that's the whole point in this loosely 'freshened up' version of a Noël Coward play.
Funny, but ordinary.
Biel delivers the best performance of her young career.
A comedy that turns into a nasty work condemning the conventions of high society.
Even though the laughs eventually fizzle out toward the end, Easy Virtue nonetheless manages to be unadulterated fun...It's a sparkling, delightfully witty and frothy British comedy with a lively ensemble cast.
A painfully unfunny flop.
Goes down as light and fizzily as a flute of Champagne tossed back in an airy drawing room.
The first Noel Coward play to hit the big screen in more than 40 years, Easy Virtue is a crass, heavy- handed and -- most unfor givably -- largely laugh-free adaptation of The Master's infrequently revived 1924 comic melodrama.
Misses the mark by a wide margin %u2013 because the director thinks he knows better than Coward ... a misfire that will barely make a blip before it disappears.
In its cold-eyed assessment of the English aristocracy Easy Virtue has none of the lurking Anglophilia found in Merchant-Ivory movies.
The elegant barbed wit of Noel Coward bubbling up in a time of Wolverine grunts. I must be dreaming.
Elliott keeps the mood spirited and breezy, and of course, there are lots of great lines, but those little modern touches suggest a lack of trust in the material.
It's pretty and the costumes look great and all of that. It's just disappointing that it takes so many wrong turns, because it starts out with such wonderful pizzaz.
There are moments where I laughed so hard I thought my stomach might burst right in two, Elliott handling all this organized chaos with a determined confidence I can't say I've seen from the director in any of his three previous pictures.
Too often Easy Virtue feels like a rough facsimile of many better drawing-room comedies.
We're primed for an old-fashioned cat fight, but director Stephan Elliot can't get more fangs from Biel than a kitten.
His reliance on and desire to highlight Coward's wit gives him less incentive to use his own intelligence and cunning as a filmmaker, making his film little more than a fan letter.
The fizz falls flat.
Easy Virtue needs a strong center to justify its celebration of American effrontery, and Biel lacks that prideful edge.
Just watching Biel share the frame with Thomas and Firth and not immediately crawl into a fetal position is nearly worth the price of admission alone.
[Jessica Biel] really proves herself here, taking charge of the movie with a breakthrough performance that's charming, sexy and effortless.
The combination of deft direction, good acting, intelligent script and excellent look make Easy Virtue a good bet for mature audiences.
All told, a sparkling, classy and ultimately satisfying experience.
Coward's champagne-fizz lightness has never felt so labored; nothing here comes easy.
[Elliott] tends toward camp, yet respects Coward's light sentiment (and pays homage to Ealing Studios' genteel tradition).
Stephan Elliott's deliciously cheeky screen adaptation of one of the satirist's lesser-known jabs at the British upper crust will charm your pants off.
Stephan Elliott is determined to contemporize a playwright whose rhythms, concerns, and craft are all permanently bonded to the '20s art of British sophisticated escapism, art being short for "artifice."
The laughter found in Easy Virtue requires a sophisticated cinematic palate, but for those who appreciate this sort of motion picture, it's a top-notch creation.
Adaptation of Noel Coward's 1925 comedy reminds us that time has marched on.
A clumsily written, surprisingly foolish and misdirected adaptation.
This cinematic opening of Noel Coward's play should inspire Broadway and Hollywood alike to tackle some more of the playwright's output.
Easy Virtue is not an entirely satisfactory outing; it's too chaotic for that, but it's certainly a great wheeze that blows ample life into period comedy.
It is a sure-footed, entertaining period piece, a revamp of a Noel Coward play from the '20s that never takes itself too seriously, yet never treats its source material with contempt.
There are some very ragged segues but thanks to Biel's sparkle and Firth's unexpected flair for the tango, honesty finally trumps hypocrisy and the pacey ending sends you out on a high.
It's potentially a creaky old yarn but Elliott, working with screenwriter Sheridan Jobbins, has imbued the film with an energy and a beauty that is beguiling.
The often outrageous Steph Elliott is a surprising choice to make a Noel Coward adaptation, and a surprise it is for us too, in the best possible way. Elliott injects two special ingredients: a naughty sense of edgy fun ..and a splendid soundtrack
With a delicious zest for life and a casual disdain for the upper middle class, Stephan Elliott's happy return to directing is piquant joy.
This 1920s play by Noel Coward still dances along like a sprightly flapper, defying the passage of the years, thanks to Stephen Elliott's energetic direction.
While its tone occasionally wavers and there are some wobbly performances, this has moments of true lightness, and a welcome sense of whimsy often missing in the costume genre.
Overall, the film's never less than lively - with Kris Marshall a nifty scene-stealer as the wise butler - yet you do get the sense that greater discipline all round would have made even more of it. As it is, it's fizzy, but variable.
Stephan Elliott's best film since Priscilla, Queen Of The Desert, Easy Virtue should satisfy fans of Coward, despite its differences to the original. A pity then that, despite Biel's sprightly turn, it feels better suited to the small screen.
But worst of all is the incessant, unbearably smug soundtrack that drills its way into your brain like a parasite.
Yet another period movie starring Colin Firth? Er, yes. But hang on. Director Stephan Elliott has cleverly filed down the Cowardy-sharp archaisms and by some miracle made something that seems very now.
Firth and Biel perform a rather elegant tango together, which cheers things up a little, but this is a heavy-footed affair.
If you can cope with the excruciating soundtrack medley (a jazz cover of Sex Bomb?) it's a perfectly jolly bauble.
Easy on both eye and ear, this jaunty little number has many virtues to commend it.
It's playful, it's elegant, it's fizzing with lacerating wit... after the stone-faced dreariness of The Duchess and Brideshead Revisited, it's a welcome jolt of fresh air to see a Brit period piece you can just kick back and enjoy.
It is poorly shot, indifferently acted camp, based on a rightly forgotten Noel Coward comedy.
Fizzing with droll humour, pithy observations on the class system and some brilliantly acidic one-liners, it's wall-to-wall wit on a grand scale.
Easy Virtue might be cute and fluffy but this reviewer thinks it should be extinct.
What did Noël Coward do to deserve Stephan Elliott's cackhanded film of his play Easy Virtue?
Altogether a shambles, and perhaps uniquely in the Coward canon, it features not a single laugh.
A frothy piece of period escapism, this Noël Coward adaptation is as simple and pleasurable as the title implies.
It amounts to much ado about almost nothing. But that may be the result of Elliott's attempt to make it entertaining rather than plausible.
Snappy and enjoyable, this British class comedy has enough spark to keep us entertained, even though the plot never quite shifts up to full speed. But a few terrific performances make it well worth seeing.
...sporadically amusing yet pervadingly tedious...
Stephan Elliott's version of Noel Coward's 1924 play, first shot by Hitchcock as a silent, is sporadically entertaining but not as witty or sharp as it could have been; Jessica Biel is miscast.
Enjoyable British comedy with a witty script, an amusingly quirky soundtrack and a terrific central performance from Jessica Biel.
The champagne wit of Noel Coward's eighty year old play still fizzes and sparkles in Stephan Elliott's jaunty adaptation of Easy Virtue.
A fine cast makes sure Noel Coward's champagne remains bubbly in Easy Virtue, an effervescent entertainment.
A droll and witty delight.
The film is a visual and verbal treat as Elliott prowls a stately home and its verdant, foggy grounds with an eye and an ear for puncturing pomposity in all its forms.










@highlight

A lightweight and pithy Noel Coward adaptation with plenty of sparkle and fizz.