In the film's most emotionally honest moment, De Niro helps himself to a giant bag of money.
It doesn't ask much of the audience, and nor should it: This is a series of pictures of men planning, running, punching, shooting, kicking and scowling at each other.
A cartoony and messy narrative that is mostly style over substance.
"Killer Elite" came close to earning a recommendation, but because of the problems with the script and a bit of a drawn-out storyline, it didn't quite get there.
The Killer Elite is a flabby, cheap looking, mess that has a saving grace in the performance of Deniro.
McKendry doesn't pull off either the action nor the drama to any satisfaction.
While it promised to rock us like a hurricane, Killer Elite instead bores us with action movie clichés aplenty and uninspired action sequences.
It's an extraordinary (and almost plausible) story, and we can only wish that the filmmakers had told it better ... a great cast and plenty of tension, action and gunfire, but unless you know the basic story it is rather confusing, jumpy and jumbled
Fascinating but often frustrating, this Australian co-production rips along at a frenetic pace with edge-of-seat thrills as the action hots up, but loses its sizzle by a jumpy, clumsy screenplay and direction
Far more than just another Transporter clone, and far less than the sum of its parts, the result is an oddity you couldn't make up.
Stale and bland, Killer Elite is an emotionless, assembly-line actioner with little to keep even the hardest of hardcore fans interested.
The movie just sort of sits there, going through the motions, reveling in cliché, building to a strangely inert climax that is forgone as it is underwhelming.
...an uncompromising, better-than-average actioner that gets the job done on an impressively consistent basis.
a theatrical release with the star power behind this movie should have delivered something much better
Even die-hard De Niro fans may be disappointed in his choice this time around. 'Killer Elite' does indeed present an ensemble of terrific actors trying to kill each other. Problem is, this adds up to a serviceable actioner but nothing more.
While not an elite action film, and overall disappointing, its stars compliment a witty script, a couple of cool fight scenes, and exotic locales.
The film works well enough, despite the twisted plot, because of some nice performances by a talented cast and some well-staged action scenes.
[Jason Statham] may be going the way of Steven Seagal and Jean-Claude Van Damme.
Gary McKendry's 1980s period piece is admirably hard-nosed, but hamstrung by its rather routine action sequences and its utterly clichéd 'meaningful' dialogue ('Killing isn't hard. Living with it is,' intones Statham).
Can't even manage the not-terribly-artful task of being a good "Jason Statham growls and beats people up" picture.
The Killer Elite was one of Sam Peckinpah's worst movies, but even that 1975 dud was better than this.
I don't know which is more risible: Clive Owen's mustache, which would have been the envy of any 70s-era porn star, or the fact that someone as tough and charismatic as Owen could possibly be saddled with the name Spike.
The overlong, perfunctory Killer Elite is simply a series of (reasonably well-choreographed) assassination sequences.
I had a perfectly fine time watching the movie and the antics of its three stars.
The big stunts and action sequences simply dull the brain and the Oman angle is lost inside a scarcely-fathomable plot.
Long, muddled, misguided.
Jason Statham (or his stunt doubles) demolishes two men while duct-taped to a chair. The entire movie has that kind of action.
Jason Statham delivers the action as usual but this time he has the support of Owen and De Niro.
A few good stunts, some tolerable brooding and one nice, if silly desert chase. But not essential.
A solid, but mostly forgettable, thriller that has an intriguing plot and solid cast going for it, but isn't particularly well-made.
I had a reasonably good time, on the whole...
The surface is glossy, the body count high, and the events opaque and often risible.
the audience learns that Jason Statham, tied to a chair and unarmed, is more dangerous than men who are both armed and unfettered. Moments like that of pure physicality are too few and too far between
Fast-paced and disposable. For action fans, that will be plenty. For those wanting more, look elsewhere.
If you're a fan of Statham or Owen, you will enjoy the action, but what could have been a classic and the start to a franchise, is instead just another guys and guns movie.
Jason Statham, Clive Owen, and Robert De Niro are the stars, and the movie feels like a vanilla-flavored smoothie of their previous efforts.
Claims to recount true events but is frankly very hard to believe.
"Killer Elite" sticks to the ribs when it sticks to simple skullduggery and Stathamian standards of busting heads. Whenever it strives for warrior poetry, it's more like a Nantucket-esque limerick scribbled in a London pub's bathroom.
Pockets of really interesting action in a sea of tedious exposition.
It's an uneven mix, though it still delivers in fits and starts.
The permanently scowling Statham borders on caricature, while the talents of De Niro and Owen are completely wasted.
Statham, Owen and De Niro all give their best effort, but even they can't conquer a poorly written script.
The violence is over-the-top and becomes superficial. I found it all too boring, looking at my watch more than once.
Jason Statham cements status as top-level action star.
The filmmakers claim their 'Killer Elite' is based on a true story. My bet is everything else about it is phony.
It's not even that the film is an unwatchable disaster -- it's just a big disappointment.
De Niro, in what amounts to an extended cameo, is radically miscast. That's still no excuse for his nonperformance, which is beyond lackluster.
Statham is just good enough to make one wish he'd challenge himself.
Ask yourself: Would The Parallax View and Three Days of the Condor be better with scissor kicks? Are The Conversation and Marathon Man a few dislocated bones short of greatness? Even if you answered yes, you should lower your expectations.
I'm always a fan of more Yvonne Strahovski in my life, but her useless character in the film should have been the first thing to go when they were cutting this convoluted mess down to a reasonable running time.
Killer Elite is a throwback to an era when action movies still had balls, when muscular bravado easily overcame banal screenwriting and corny narrative earnestness.
Despite the presence of some notable acting talent, this not-Elite work turns out to be just another dumb Jason Statham film.
The picture entertains, at times legitimately and at others in a cheesy, '80s action sort of way
Jason Statham is enjoyable enough to watch that he can occasionally make one forget just how silly and dull a movie like Killer Elite really is.
Features characters less three-dimensional than most cartoons doing and saying things that are only done and said in movies. Bad movies. Really bad movies.
Filled with action but not terribly engaging and certainly not surprising, this is a mediocre action film at best. (Parental Movie Review also available)
First time director Gary McKendry adopts a gritty visual style and puts together a solid direct-to-dvd offering that wouldn't have likely seen a theatrical release but for its impressive cast.
While the film has decent action sequences, the film is overly convoluted and very hard to follow at times. Wait for the rental!
The movie's not stupid. And that makes it more than bearable and often a little fun.
This is the kind of clunky, badly-written action thriller that you would expect to head straight to DVD.
I don't think Killer Elite is going to blow anyone away, but it's a solid action movie with a slightly-smarter-than-average script.
Have fun, action junkies.
The only remotely surprising thing about the new thriller Killer Elite is just how resoundingly unsurprising the entire enterprise is and as it plods on and on.
Though the film tries to achieve Bourne-style grit and depth, it lacks the intelligence and flair that made the Matt Damon franchise so compelling.
To be sure, first-time director Gary McKendry keeps things moving at an adrenalized pace, even through thickets of flashbacks. But this is precisely Killer Elite's major problem: motion at the expense of emotion.
The plot is over-complicated, the screenplay limp and some of the subsidiary acting is hardly up to the mark.
When Robert De Niro, Clive Owen and Jason Statham unite for an action thriller, we should be able to expect something special. Or at least memorable. Instead, "Killer Elite" gives us ordinary.
It doesn't care if you like it, which is why I kind of do.
I'll admit that nobody goes to a Statham movie hoping the script will be erudite, but could it at least make a little bit of sense?
Simultaneously silly and overwrought...
Clumsily directed by Gary McKendry and poorly written by Matt Sherring, rookies both, the convoluted movie collapses under the weight of its own clichés.
There is so much testosterone in this movie, women walk into the theater looking like Taylor Swift, but they walk out looking like Chaz Bono.
...ust another middle-of-the-road, choppily edited, unsatisfying mess of an action movie. Think of it as The Killer Mediocre.
A mess from the bottom up.
The fight scenes are brutally authentic while the non-fight scenes are laughably ridiculous.
Killer Elite had potential to be a really interesting, action-heavy political thriller. Sadly, it never really tries to be anything more than another vehicle for Jason Statham.
It's not about aesthetics, and it's certainly not about people, so the film settles on a lot of chaos and whirring bullets. "Killer Elite" is a waste of time and resources.
Comes with enough geezahs!, shootahs! and mouthy nonces! to make the forthcoming Sweeney remake look positively redundant.
Pure punishment.
[A] pileup of sub-Bourne action set pieces, sad laughs and clichés.
Killer Elite has plenty of killing, but the only thing elite about it is the cast.
With a B+ cast and a script full of pseudo-profound moral complexities, its aspirations are lofty and its achievements are trifling.
The plot keeps unfolding beyond the point where you might wish it to end.
Jason Statham is matched with Robert de Niro and Clive Owen in this headcracking hitman yarn, but it's a bit overcomplicated for its own good.
much of Killer Elite is flummoxed by its own make-up
Look closer at Killer Elite, and you'll see an inky portrait of a world that has lost all moral compass. That's stronger stuff than most action thrillers give you.
If you want some meaning with your mayhem, or even a good line of dialogue or two, look elsewhere.
Gary McKendry hadn't directed a feature before this one, and you feel it. Any scene that fails to involve the revving of motors or the breaking of bones is dead.
Mercenaries target ex-SAS agents who committed Middle East atrocities in a confusing, unsatisfying action thriller.
The movie is all attitude, successfully delivered by Statham, De Niro, and Dominic Purcell...
The big names are all present ... but all within an overly complex, erratic thriller framework that has moments of viable tension, but others of dramatic silliness.
The fun of Killer Elite, such as it is, is all in the hardass action. But there's nothing elite about this disposable time-killer.
grunt grunt grunt *glower* [insert mockney swearing] bash crash punch kick [insert closeup of unshaven stubble]
Isn't a terribly convincing movie, and while it's difficult to take lightly, it's best to approach the picture as a brainless creation out to quicken pulses. Accepting any of this as serious business is only going to lead to a headache.
An uneasy mix of hard-charging action and high-minded 'true story' drama
It's an analog thriller that benefits from refreshing injections of low-tech adrenaline.
Its visual and narrative emptiness is almost beyond comprehension, but there seems to be an audience for such brainless actioners out there.
This mucho macho testosterone-propelled action thriller is undermined by its formulaic execution.
Rote and joyless, an exercise in disposability.
Despite having a perfect cast for a title like Killer Elite, Gary McKendry's feature debut comes across as little more than a generic Jason Statham movie with two high-profile guest stars.
The script is a mess.
Killer Elite is too formulaic to overcome a been-there, done-that feel.
[It] purports to be based on actual events, chronicling the sinister machinations of a shadowy military organization. But this clumsy action movie feels too generic to be real.
This is actually a pretty good thriller, based more on character and plot than on action for its own sake.
The movie opens with text telling us that 'The world is in chaos,' which is so helpful ... all of the gunfire and violent revenge would have suggested that everyone's hunky dory.
The glossy topcoat provided by the paycheck participation of De Niro and Owen can't cover up the essential emptiness of the project.
Gary McEndry's espionage thriller isn't bad, but it isn't Peckinpah; all the two films have in common are the title and lots of shooting.
And quite the cliché-ridden desultory mess it is, too...
Clive Owen, as a toneless bad guy in a mindless thriller, has found his natural home.
Jason Statham beats up two dudes while he's tied to a chair. That is satisfaction.
If you're willing to accept "Killer Elite" as a shoot-'em-up action movie with good actors taking the spots of the usual lunk heads (but spouting the usual nonsense), you'll be pleased with the film.
A decent yarn, decently told, a tough guy film built around veteran screen tough guys.
Sigh with relief: at least this terrible exploitation feature, wasting the talents of De Niro and company, is not a remake of Sam Peckinpah's last film of the same title
A serviceable action-thriller that eventually runs out of ideas. What starts as a complex tale with strong action set-pieces eventually dwindles to formula.
When Statham and Owen finally meet in the showdown you've been waiting for, it's rendered in such dizzying, adrenalized style that it's hard to tell who's doing what to whom.
Killer Elite is distinguished by one no-mercy, eye-gouging, testicle-punching brawl, and one whoppingly indifferent screenplay.
A story that goes everywhere you expect it to go, and nowhere worth going at all.
[VIDEO] An unhappy marriage of brawny big-screen talent with a nonsensical script, and a newbie director, make for one very mediocre action movie.
Robust, does the job, but unrefined.
Strives to be a genuinely good film, but unwilling to let go of proven formulas, it falls short.
A top-notch action flick that stands out. Statham's best movie since THE BANK JOB.
While the idea of having three fine actors in an action movie together is certainly promising, Killer Elite proves that it doesn't really matter who you cast if the filmmaking is just more of the same old choppily edited, noisy action crap.
A macho, adrenaline-fix suspenser that plays like the bigscreen equivalent of those pulpy spy novels that once clogged grocery-store checkouts.

@highlight

A rote, utterly disposable Jason Statham vehicle that just happens to have Clive Owen and Robert De Niro in it.