The play's the thing -- the only thing -- here
In attempting to absolve the perverse actions of a teacher on the basis of his apparent tutoring skills, Alan Bennett has created a dubious work of fiction that is beyond empathy or humor.
The History Boys is much less about lighting and composition than it is about Bennett's sharp, insightful script.
The transfer from stage to film doesn't always go smoothly, as it's hard to shake the film's theater roots.
Movies, unlike plays, tend to be just about a very few things, or they feel rushed and overly sweeping, as this one occasionally did. Plays can linger and chew on their themes and keep the audience engaged much more easily.
With the writing way above board and insights fueling the story forward with heart and bawdy comedy, "The History Boys" is amiably off-center, sure, but it finds its core and leaves its mark.
A hugely enjoyable outing of subtle humour, witty words and a keen insight into human nature and the art of learning.
[History Boys] is most potently about the love of teaching, and how the best teachers can help give meaning to existence; and if not meaning in the grand sense, at least an appreciation of what it means to be human.
What lifts this film above the average is the extremely clever, erudite and witty dialogue.
.. gentle and sweet, ..all the more charming for its faith in its presumptive audience. It's heartening to come across a popular entertainment ...not pitched at the dull normal demographic.
refreshing--a film that doesn't insult the audience's intelligence
I was sad when school let out. The characters are so rich I wanted to spend more time with them.
It's too bad that the film loses its way because The History Boys asks some interesting questions about what to learn and how to use it.
In the world of movies, it's a rare treat to find anything as sophisticated and witty as Alan Bennett's screenplay.
The final delight of The History Boys is realizing that these charming young actors... will now graduate to new things.
...despite all the earnestness...the characters and their tribulations never engage our sympathy or interest.
The unique duplication of stage cast to screen cast might be the most exciting thing about this conventional classroom exercise.
The dialogue in Bennett's script is more riveting than the situational developments.
Nicholas Hytner (The Madness of King George and The Crucible) adapts Alan Bennett's hit play with the entire stage cast reprising their roles, and leans heavily on Bennett's sharp-witted dialogue and the school performances.
Taking a production pretty much intact from stage to screen robs it of its surprises. The cast seems to know what's coming, and so do we. There's not a single moment where you sense 'discovery' taking place.
A funny thing happened to The History Boys on the way to the screen. The players are the same, the dialogue is pretty much identical, but the vibrancy of the play -- its exhilarating immediacy -- has been muted.
It forces you to think about complicated issues while still being witty and engaging. You can't even say that about most teachers, let alone most movies.
The film becomes a sermonette on tolerance. But with its one-sidedness, it fails to practice what it preaches.
Character actor [Richard] Griffiths ensures that the film is watchable enough.
Lust, love, death and homosexuality (an inevitable topic in British school pictures) each hold the verbal field awhile, but most of the discussion centers around the nature and value of learning.
The History Boys is a movie that asks questions like 'What is education really for anyway?' and asks them in an altogether witty, brainy way. It turns history into what it really is, the story of our lives.
Full of energy, ideas and fine acting.
During a mock-interview, Dorothy lays out the film's simultaneous awareness and exploitation of its own limits. 'Imagine how depressing it is to teach five centuries of masculine ineptitude.'
A wonderfully literary, wordy, and wise film.
A cleverly entertaining if somewhat acerbic, hyper-paced romp into British academic territory.
Easily compared to Dead Poet's Society, the British classroom comedy is unable to shake its stagy origins, with claustrophobic settings and contrived dialogue.
The History Boys boasts a dazzling verbal cleverness%u2014the gleeful rat-a-tat of snappy banter expertly executed%u2014that doesn't keep it from also being deeply, exquisitely sad.
Lively, witty, and intelligent.
...It's a rare pleasure to see a film that assumes literacy on the part of its audience.
The film feels like a pedestrian delivery system for other people's brilliant work.
There are no spontaneous moments on screen: The characters aren't reacting to each other; they're waiting for the cut to deliver a line they've had memorized since [the play] played the London National.
The History Boys is best when it crackles with the passion of ideas about the function and importance of ... ideas.
Although grounded in the fact-based world of academia, The History Boys offers little of substance.
Bennett's themes are vague, muddled and poorly thought out, the more realistic medium of cinema makes his language contrived (especially when coming out of the mouths of babes) and Hytner's direction is stagy.
It's been quite a while since movies have offered such a nice night out at the theater.
History Boys fails because Nicholas Hytner, who also directed it onstage, didn't rethink it for the movies.
[T]oo stagey, and yet it lacks the vital energy of the stage production it is adapted from...
An intelligent but hardly momentous recycling of an old formula; and as such it's mostly amusing but surprisingly conventional--and ephemeral.
[An] exuberantly free-spirited but faithful movie version of Alan Bennett's masterful hit play about education, class, sex, love, death, memory and that often equally fantastical thing we call history.
This is achingly perceptive writing that director Nicholas Hytner, working with the same superb cast that performed in London and on Broadway, brings to life.
The movie was made while the actors were still performing the stage version, and they modulate their performances for the screen admirably, even if the film is not quite as engaging as the play.
If you take The History Boys as a filmed record of a somewhat unexpected stage phenom foremost, chances are you'll relax into and let some performers take it from there.
... offers a sharp critique of the means and measures of education.
There's a whiff of the canned here; these actors may have played their parts once too often for the camera to register any real freshness.
There's no one today writing English dialogue as sharp as Bennett's, and hearing it delivered expertly is a pleasure worth sitting through some dodgy montages for.
It gave me the creeps.
Though witty and entertaining, Hytner's film is too theatrical and schematic, accentuating the play's anachronism.
Some have compared this film to
Flunks its most crucial test: the need to properly adapt a stage play to the screen medium.
A delightful thought-provoker that will have you questioning what constitutes a good education and a good teacher.
It's chatty, it's wordy, but a passion for the well-written word lies at the thematic heart of the thing, and cinematic flourishes would only clog the arteries.
Though a filmed play, where as would thousands of people without access to The National Theatre or Broadway get a chance to immerse themselves in such witty banter?
A thrillingly smart and immensely enjoyable screen version of Alan Bennett's celebrated play.
It has a flow and an intimacy that the often awkward theatrical version lacked.
The movie adaptation has been lifted from the theater with original cast and director Nicholas Hytner intact; the actors interact as cozily as chums on a playing field.
Bennett captures the racy, joshing, embattled atmosphere inside a British boarding school better than anybody has done since Terence Rattigan's The Browning Version.
The closest mirror image of Republican Mark Foley is Mr. Hector, an unconventional educator with a fondness for groping his students' while giving them motorcycle rides.
While the goal of our heroes may be to make it to university, the film's focus is clearly the journey, not the destination.
The History Boys is hit-and-miss with each scene. There's no through line, in the sense that the audience never really is made to care about the things the characters care about.
It is still an excellent adaptation, Bennett's wit and the fine cast surviving and ultimately triumphing in the transition from the theater to the multiplex.
Surprisingly thin gruel considering all the fuss over the theatrical presentation.
It is hard to imagine what possible point there was in turning it into a movie. Nothing MOVES.
Captures the magic with an almost seamless transition to the screen and only a few lulls that reveal the film's stage roots.
an ably immortalized version of a simple coming-of-age en masse drama that works nearly as well on screen as it would on stage
The greatest adventure and saddest irony--taught alike by teachers to students and students to teachers--is that the big picture of history is writ small and ruthlessly unforgiving in each life--indeed, in every moment.
Having created this moral confusion for the audience, Bennett sweeps it all away with a mushy, sentimental ending that would seem tidy if we weren't all too aware of the pile of dirt the playwright left under the bed.
The History Boys is essentially filmed theater, with minimal, and usually clumsy, attempts to take the action out of the classroom.
Even with multiple trips outdoors and crosstown gropes on Hector's motorcycle, The History Boys is a play pretending to be a movie.
The play, however, has been heavily cut and the boys blend together, as director Nicholas Hytner masses them in groups and Bennett provides only the barest of descriptions.
The History Boys is an erudite, sharply written film with consummate performances, but its origins on the stage are all too obvious.
It's rare that a movie succeeds almost purely on the basis of non-cinematic elements, but The History Boys is such a film.
Alan Bennett's sentimental play about a group of young 'Oxbridge' hopefuls comes to the screen mostly intact, plus a few new scenes written by Bennett himself.
A lively and entertaining disquisition on the purpose and uses of knowledge in a world that cares less about scholarship than quantifiable results.
Disappointingly overworked and mechanical.
Griffiths' brilliantly rumpled academic with recklessly roving hands is matched by the disarming Samuel Barnett as a sad-sack gay student, and the bull's-eye precise Frances de la Tour, a battle-weary standard bearer for feminist history.
The current of intellectual energy snapping through the ferociously engaging screen adaptation of Alan Bennett's Tony Award-winning play feels like electrical brain stimulation.
The movie is brilliant and infectious, much like Bennett's voice: English-deadpan but never snide, and generous to a fault.
The History Boys is alive on the screen.
The heavy lifting is left mainly to the performers, who virtually all make the grade. It's the director that could use a little detention.
The History Boys feels too much like a filmed play, and filmed not all that gracefully.
But if The History Boys arrives at a perilous moment for culture and learning, and if the news it brings isn't all good, it nevertheless instills in you hope for the youth of tomorrow.
The History Boys is one of the best, most reverent, comprehensive and seamless transfers from stage to screen ever made.
Director Nicholas Hytner brings Alan Bennett's London and Broadway smash to the screen with the original stage actors and brings out the frisky best in all of them.
A stimulating, rather unique variation on a familiar formula.
The move to celluloid has defanged the piece, leaving a shaggy, smartassed and sentimental dramedy in its place.
Performances border on the theatrical.
The entire cast are superb - the fact that the boys played the same roles on stage pays off brilliantly because they act like they've been friends all their lives ...
A display of rich, humane, and often daring writing, and some classy acting from the mature folk, that can't wriggle free of its formal, deliberate theatrical origins.
Auds coming cold to this largely faithful adaptation of Alan Bennett's clever but contrived classroom comedy won't be so wowed, given pic's irrevocably stagy feel.
Original, on the big screen at least, and entertaining in spite of its problems, The History Boys remains a fine example of this country's talent both in front and behind the camera.
Think Grange Hill rewritten by WH Auden: slightly fusty but wickedly witty.
[The film] offers a sly mix of broad comedy, tender wordplay and heartfelt subversion.
A bracingly involving school drama that's lively, smart and extremely pointed.








@highlight

While not quite having the impact of its original stage version, The History Boys nevertheless is a witty and involving school drama.