The main plot is insanely preposterous, but it might have worked if the story had taken a more focused and bittersweet bent.
Unfortunately, its noble efforts are hampered by troubled beginnings, which spiral into a very problematic third act that ultimately self-destructs.
... the hour of film that passes until the boy travels and meets his virtual partner on Earth feels like an eternity. [Full review in Spanish]
As 'The Space Between Us' resorts to generic pandering by catering to its core demographic of teens and young adults looking for a date movie around Valentine's Day.
Mostly I was just trying not to fall asleep.
With a late revelation that is as tasteless as the final twist is silly, this wretchedly uneven effort gets significantly worse once the action returns to Earth.
[Britt Robertson and Asa Butterfield 's] chemistry is also non-existent, making their on-screen romance even harder to swallow.
Neither credible nor fanciful, The Space Between Us travels the vast distance to Mars and back, but winds up going nowhere.
The Space Between Us is terrible at explaining itself in any other way than 'Gary Oldman is a genius space inventor!'
Good idea. Badly executed. The film doesn't know to decide if it wants to be a love story, or the search for a son by its father. [Full review in Spanish]
[Director] Peter Chelsom ( ... ) keeps the movie firmly grounded in maudlin mediocrity.
It's a tough task blending teen romance with sci-fi, but director Peter Chelsom concocts a pretty good hybrid in a film that delivers some enjoyable high-concept story ideas while turning the trusty fish-out-of-water convention up to 11.
It's so straightforward that if you've heard the plot...you can probably guess everything about the story, the conflict, and all of the things it's going to try to make you feel, with the end result being you're not going to feel much at all.
Tries to do a lot of things and fails at just about all of them (Splice Today)
The Space Between Us is another youthful romantic film disguised as science fiction. [Full review in Spanish]
The space between us and this excruciating nonsense isn't nearly far enough.
The contrived set-up is squandered on an equally contrived, clumsily handled love story with little of the science- fiction tone implied in the first act. Robertson and Butterfield deserve better than this.
Viewed as a harmless sci-fi-tinged teen drama, it passes the time pleasantly enough.
An interesting premise fails to ignite amid an underwritten central romance and some clichéd plotting. An often eye-rolling ride.
The Space Between Us certainly had potential. However, it fails to reach the same lengths its very characters already had.
The script simply never bothers to develop anything.
A teen audience may appreciate the starry-eyed romance but this space adventure is a disappointingly formulaic affair.
It doesn't help that Butterfield and Robertson have little charisma and even less chemistry. Two hours is too high a price to pay for this saga that goes nowhere.
The space part of the title barely works. But at least the between us moments do.
A special kind of bad movie, borne out of loopy misguided ideas rather than lazy, callous ones (the latter is far more common).
It manages, nonetheless, to shrink all narrative possibilities down into a bitty best-of compilation that's notable only for some horrendously bad science and a career-low performance from Gary Oldman.
A galactic level of schmaltz is poured into this fish-out-of-water story, spelling out how we're meant to feel in a way that becomes irritating long before the predictable ending. Touching at times, but ultimately a bit vapid.
What promised to be an original and alluring idea falls flat from a great height with a stratospheric splat.
It's a wan, anaemic film.
It's as if Nicolas Sparks has written a sci-fi - and honestly, it's just as bad as that sounds.
Houston, we have a problem.
An impressively original drama...
Won't come close to troubling your heartstrings, let alone the space between your ears.
One expects plotholes and impossible occurrences in science fiction films. But this one breaks the mold. The silliness of these scenes is what really keeps this movie from being as entertaining as it could have been.
Transpiring sometime in the not-too-distant future, "The Space between Us" mixes sci-fi drama, road-trip tropes and teen romance into sugary goo that never jells. Yup, Houston, we have a problem.
Chelsom attempts to hurdle the screenplay's cavalier attitude towards science with mixed results.
...a touching teenage love story about a couple literally from two worlds, and with Valentine's Day nearly upon us, a fitting date night at the movies.
The Space Between Us bears faint echoes of other outer-space sagas but carves its own niche because its hero is a teenage boy. It's a sweet, innocuous film nicely handled by director Peter Chelsom.
Teen girls especially ought to love this fish out of Mars tale that features an engaging turn from Asa Butterfield and some nice elements that make for an implausible but entertaining ride.
By the time you get to the money shot of two lovers kissing in zero gravity, you'll either be deep in this movie's pocket or have fallen into a diabetic coma.
Too bad this sweet, teenage sci-fi adventure/romance only achieves a lukewarm launch.
A teen flick that registers less as "YA" and more as "why bother."
It's a shame that this teen romance takes so painfully long to get to the heart of the matter.
A sci-fi-tinged heap of sentimentality.
I've always said that I'll give any film at least one star because it's in focus. This movie was in focus. Do yourself a favor and put as much space as possible between yourself and "The Space Between Us."
The science is sidelined in favor of a Nicholas Sparks-style doomed romance, with cheesy sentiment in place of philosophical and ethical concerns.
We're left with a sweeping teenage romance, which is fine thanks to the film's two young leads, but wastes a pretty spectacular setup.
Every once in a while a movie proves to be truly inexplicable. Not because of the plot, or why the characters do what they do, but because of an ineffable idiocy that can't be explained by conventional lapses of judgment, ambition or competence.
It's all very pretty. And pretty absurd.
In the big cosmic picture, it feels trivial. And maybe it's also this: in the current reality of 21st-century life, we've had our fill of science trumped by sentiment.
Honestly, the only reason the film didn't grate on my nerves more than it did had everything to do with Robertson.
The film is never allowed to breathe. It's rushed, and it's a shame.
The Space Between Us attempts to take young love to literally new heights before crash-landing into an earthbound hash of schmaltzy clichés and romantic absurdities.
Butterfield and Robertson do have some charming chemistry, and Chelsom's workmanlike direction gives them some nice moments together.
Ultimately, this is just a bad movie about a Martian and his girlfriend playing hide-and-seek from some space cops.
... requires an outrageous suspension of disbelief in a strained attempt to be poignant and profound.
The Space Between Us is romantic science fiction with zero gravity and less to recommend. Its space is between its ears, a YA fantasy cribbed from alien fish-out-of-water flicks by the guy who wrote Collateral Beauty. Yeah, him again.
From the title and ripped off plot to Brit Robertson's Rebel Without a Cause routine, awful.
It's taken longer than expected for The Space Between Us to make it into theaters. After now having seen it, however, it is understandable why this film has been dumped in mid-February.
More boring than a six-month trip to the Red Planet. (Full Content Review for Parents - Violence, Profanity, Sexual Content, etc. - also Available)
Fine performances by Asa Butterfield and Britt Robertson make this a pleasing little romantic adventure with a touch of sci-fi.
He is allegedly some kind of genius boy, but he dumbs down in order to play the fish-out-of-water routine.
Teen sci-fi romance is sweet, if not out of this world.
Thematically, The Space Between Us may speak to teens who feel disenfranchised and misunderstood. Ultimately, though, it's a case study of a great concept diminished by a half-hearted effort.
While it's easy to see the potential of the story and what could have been with better direction, better writing, and better acting, The Space Between Us ends up being a massive disappointment on every level.
Despite the multiple genres, The Space Between Us feels thin in its plot, and corny in the telling...
Not as bad as I thought it would be but this aimed at team romance about a kid from Mars is tedious on this or any other planet.
This is a saccharine science fiction romance that doesn't actually concern itself with science fiction or romance; instead, it's the equivalent of astronaut ice cream, lacking in substance and crumbling to bits at the slightest pressure.
A combination of Starman and The Fault In Our Stars.
The young female viewers of The Space Between Us deserve better than stories where their entire identities are obliterated by guys who are so blandly nice that they fall into bed.
As the token adults, Carla Gugino looks concerned, which is understandable, and Gary Oldman shouts a lot, possibly to keep himself awake.
Science fiction meets young adult romance in the mostly forgettable The Space Between Us. The film has an interesting premise, but suffers from poor direction and a meandering script.
Shouldn't a sci-fi love story like The Space Between Us have a little, you know, brains behind it?
Like something Nicholas Sparks might have strung together on a sugar rush after eating too much freeze-dried astronaut ice cream and washing it down with gulps of lukewarm Tang.
Chelsom and Loeb are the kind of filmmakers whose faces should be attached to any number of grievances from nonwhite, nonmale directors having a rough go of it.
I ended up kind of liking it.
You may very well laugh and cry during "The Space Between Us," though probably at the wrong times and for entirely unintended reasons.
A shameless pastiche of Starman's alien-on-Earth sci-fi, The Boy in the Plastic Bubble's medical pathos and any number of young-lovers-on-the-run stories, The Space Between Us may set back the Earth-Mars relationship light years.
It presents a compelling situation, genuinely touching moments and pockets of strong acting ... and dialogue that has people in the audience turning to each other and laughing because it's so absurd.
A bland romance-on-the-run movie that might not actually be based on a YA novel, but sure feels as though it were.
Call it The Unspectacular Now...We're supposed to applaud as these crazy kids flout authority and escape across the country, but since the movie has so easily squandered its intriguing premise, there's little reason to cheer.
Could be a hit with the high-school crowd.
The movie tends to fluctuate between being corny, sappy, and outright ridiculous.
An intriguing premise is repeatedly undercut by clunky dialog and corny plot twists.
It's been a long time since I have seen a movie this confounding. What in the hell is happening here? And who the hell did they think would be the target audience?
Unable to bring anything real or palpable to the artificial heart beating at the center of it.
The plot points feel preordained by horoscope, as though Gardner's astral backyard gave him control over the stars. Yet, Butterfield nearly makes the nonsense feel real.
This corny sci-fi drama abounds with annoying plot holes and product placements, and the 2017 teenspeak ("You ghosted me!") will probably sound dated to anyone watching the movie even a few years from now.
With the disappearance of video stores, there is something heartening about the existence of "The Space Between Us," a cheesy hunk of science fiction from Peter Chelsom that once would have drawn curious young eyes to VHS shelves.
The whole sci-fi narrative collapses into a mess of illogical story beats and groan-inducing quasi-tragic bits right out of Love Story.
There's a sweetness -- not to be confused with a saccharine quality -- to this pic, made all the more appealing by its two young leads and a story that hurtles right along.
The corn is fertilized by a ponderous score and a handful of bland folkie-rock tunes.
It's the kind of processed-cheese tearjerker, completely devoid of shame, that can harden even the easiest criers into heckling cynics. You want to take its lunch money or at least introduce it to better music.
[Screenwriter Allan] Loeb crosses the line from sincere to cornball without a trace of self-awareness...
A simple boy-meets-girl story gussied up with extraneous detail and stretched to an unconscionable two hours.
The Space between Us is what it looks like when a promising premise is betrayed by a dumbed-down, hackneyed screenplay.
Working with a screenplay by "Collateral Beauty's" Allan Loeb that crosses "Roman Holiday" with "E.T.," Chelsom fumbles his film's sweet romance for preteens with preposterous plot elements and shoddy details.
Borderline unwatchable.
If Nicholas Sparks wrote science fiction, he might come up with something like this teen soap in which boys are, like, literally from another planet.
Mars is such a perfectly natural setting for a genre that has wasted millions upon millions of dollars searching for signs of life. Alas, there are none to be found in this otherwise guileless and good-natured YA love story.
This is a film that doesn't stick with any genre, but instead clumsily navigates between three, ultimately leaving the viewer feeling shortchanged in every area.
This movie is ridiculous.
Sluggishly paced and tonally wobbly, the pic, much like its teenage protagonist, suffers under its own weight.
Feels like a series of scenic car commercials, smothered in obnoxious emo ballads by the likes of Ingrid Michaelson and James Bay, or else the screensaver stylings of composer Andrew Lockington.
This sci-fi action-adventure-romance has fine performances and real comic potential but is laden down with excess.
The Space Between Us will keep its target young-teen audience fully engaged. But its need to explain everything siphons some of the wonder out of the picture.
A cloying high-concept melodrama which mistakes sentimentality for actual truths about the human condition.
It's hard not to engage in eye-rolling over what already promises to be one of 2017's worst movies: The Space Between Us spends so much time piling one daffy, laughable plot beat upon another that it never bothers to nail down the characters.
Butterfield and Oldman aren't enough to save this too cheesy sci-fi road movie.
It juggles too many interesting story threads in the air and ends up doing justice to none of them.
The only good thing to come from this is the opportunity for Gary Oldman to impersonate space travel impresario Richard Branson, and even that gets old fairly quickly.
The Space Between Us is a tender love story slog that's built with the best messages, but weakened by "Men Are From Mars" goofball antics.
The Space Between Us is simply disappointing when it isn't trying to browbeat its audience into emotional submission.
It tries so hard, melding so many genres, offering a rare (mostly) positive look at the near-future in the age of "Black Mirror," that you want to hug it and not tell it what you really think.
The twists are just unbearably ridiculous, which drains all the power out of their supposed catharsis.
Sloppy science, sloppier sentimentality
Chelsom tunes it to the wavelength of Gardner's isolation.
It seems unfinished, choppy, the storytelling almost of the after-school special variety.
If you're 13 and have a purple streak, you'll probably be sobbing happily into your box of rubberized nachos. The rest of us can only wonder if we were ever that young while praying for better dialogue.
The movie often delivers on its promises. It is also, however, one clumsily plotted flick, with a screenplay by Allan Loeb that gambles everything on a twist ending you could spot from a galaxy away.

@highlight

The Space Between Us strands its star-crossed young lovers in a mind-numbingly vast expanse of shameless cheese that will send all but the most forgiving viewers eye-rolling for the exits.