Though silly and far-fetched, Baggage Claim remains an enjoyable romp, mostly due to its ensemble's energetic playing and writer/director David E. Talbert's breathless pacing.
The film does not miss a beat with the placement of pivotal characters.
Honestly, I don't know what to say about this movie, because it feels so phenomenally old-fashioned and outdated, so ridiculously conservative and undermining of female independence.
Baggage Claim focuses too much on plot and too little on character.
Dutifully assembles crowd-pleasing cliches and chick-lit tropes as if following instructions from an IKEA rom-com catalog.
A tired and manipulative comedy, this new film is one of the most creatively-inert flicks of the year.
There must be better material out there for [Paula Patton] somewhere.
If the dating process depicted here is humiliating for the character of Montana Moore, it's liberating for Paula Patton: The actress reveals herself to be a sort of sexier Lucille Ball, agreeably sacrificing her dignity in pursuit of laughs.
It's fun in a dumb kind of way, but it sets feminism back several decades.
As the end credits finally rolled, the best review was uttered by a woman in the row behind me: "This is the kind of movie they'll show on Starz in a couple months and you'll watch when you're really bored."
An utterly anodyne romcom with nothing to surprise and less to offend.
Talbert adapted his script from a novel he wrote in 2003, which you have to assume had wipe-clean pages and a squeaker hidden inside the front cover.
A serious contender for the worst commercial release of 2013.
A plot and a script that would be better aired in a cheesy ballad, or even a hairspray commercial.
Patton is sunny and likeable but her behaviour is bonkers and the movie nose-dives towards oblivion.
Romcom fans deserve something with more heart.
Sloppy and predictable, Baggage Claim is a clichéd and unoriginal rom-com, thanks to some mediocre performances and an unimaginative script ...
This is the sort of script you imagine came with little hearts over the 'i's instead of dots. With no jokes to freshen it up, it's cheesier than a ripe camembert in an unwashed sock.
David E Talbert's romcom is the filmic equivalent of a frying pan to the skull.
A romantic comedy that gets its charm from Paula Patton's performance.
If you're the type of person who can offer a three minute impassioned defense of Fool's Gold or more than five reasons why Just Like Heaven is worth grabbing out of a five dollar bin, paying to see this movie is far from a horrible idea.
The film is aggressively shallow and superficial in its attitude toward contemporary romance, and it hardly presents a realistic portrayal of the plight of single women. But at least it's equally insulting to members of both genders.
Patton is best at contagious bliss. She might be the best at it. When she smiles, you smile. You want her to have what she wants even when how she wants it is stupid.
A lame comedy that looks like it was made - and belongs - in the 60's. Despite a game cast this movie is broad without being even remotely believable.
Packs light and plays it safe.
A harmless romance-fantasy that avoids normal rom-com gender double-standards, misogyny, and/or misandry - but with gooey life-lessons that are only partly earned.
Built around unimaginative direction and an even less imaginative script, it's a textbook example of a formula film. Still, there are minor charms to be found.
There's so much sincere sweetness and flighty fun that writer-director David E. Talbert, star Paula Patton, and all involved earn their old-fashioned happily ever after.
"Baggage Claim" isn't so much a movie as it is a pastiche of rom-com cliches.
"First of all, this is the stupidest idea ever," someone says, in Baggage Claim. Unfortunately, nobody listened.
There's no way you will fall in love with Baggage Claim, but there's a good chance you'll like it.
The performers all wring what they can from this lackluster script, but the final result is a dumb if pleasant film.
The worst movie of the year so far. Period.
Baggage Claim should be left behind at the carousel.
A romantic comedy so light and brainless you almost expect it to float away.
Man, "Baggage Claim" is terrible.
Nothing in this movie would actually happen, so what's irritating is that it presents itself as a savvy, "Am I right, ladies?" dating commentary.
"Baggage Claim" is so archaic in its depiction of feminine self-worth-and, frankly, so insulting-it's amazing that it's coming out in 2013, not 1963.
A painfully predictable romance, and a terribly unfunny comedy.
A shrill, embarrassing comedy that insults the female audience for which it is intended.
Paula Patton is one of those actresses who seem to light up the screen whenever they appear, but even her considerable charms can't quite make Baggage Claim tolerable.
Predictable romcom sends iffy messages about love, marriage.
Paula Patton is too likable to take a pathetic role like this!
A few tweaks here and there, and this good movie could have been a very good and even great movie. As it is, 'Baggage Claim' ultimately succeeds chiefly because Patton is so appealing in the lead role. (Full Content Review for Parents also available)
A pleasant, if predictable, romantic comedy trading in the same sort of moralizing and colorful characters of a typical Tyler Perry production. The only thing missing is a sassy, self-righteous, pistol-packing granny in a dress.
Because of all the gee-whiz glitter in your eyes, it's hard - for extended periods - not to be charmed by this largely stupid and personality-free little confection.
Here, the central dramatic question of whether or not Montana will find the right guy is not even a question but a promise.
Isn't terrible and is actually pretty charming - but it feels dated and strictly sticks to the established genre format, playing out like a dusted-off script Jennifer Lopez had sitting on her shelf since the early 2000s.
Paula Patton puts on the well-worn shoes of Meg Ryan and Julia Roberts, ending up with a predictable vehicle perhaps best left in lost and found.
It would have worked better if the silly premise had been played for farcical satire, rather than following the cookie-cutter rules of the romantic comedy playbook.
Convoluted, predictable, and mostly unfunny ...
Predictability and clichés get in the way of comedy here, especially with a lead character who rarely comes across as more than blandly sweet.
Baggage Claim is the lost luggage of rom-coms.
Benign but hopelessly dumb, "Baggage Claim" tries to spin the staples of romantic comedy into a mad tea party (its perfect suitor is named Mr. Wright), but lacks the energy and edge.
This "Baggage" is excess.
Glossy, flossy and blithely secure in its own cheerfully fake worldview, "Baggage Claim" bypasses the intellect entirely, happy to satisfy on a silly, screwball, wish-fulfillment level.
In a year when movies by and about African-Americans jockey for awards, Baggage Claim is a reminder that mediocrity is color blind. It's entirely possible for gifted black artists to (create) sporadically charming but ultimately dumb entertainment.
The results are so forgettable - and, yes, fake - it hardly seems worth the effort required to criticize them.
Occasionally provides a glimpse of a merry movie that's relaxed and funny, with the cast managing to convey charisma. However, Talbert doesn't approve of this clarity for very long, hurriedly replacing natural charms with plastic ones.
A recycled and contrived romantic comedy that suggests that no matter what else she might have going for her, a woman cannot have true happiness without a husband.
The plot is so non-threatening it actually becomes abusive.
There's little chance of finding realism or romance, but the laughs are there.
Baggage that would best be lost
This is one disappointing rom-com bomb, with a talented supporting cast -- Djimon Hounsou, Taye Diggs, Trey Songz, Boris Kodjoe and Tia Mowry-Hardrict among others -- counted among the collateral damage.
Takes the bold position that women aren't truly fulfilled unless they're on the arm of a good husband, a notion that's been ridiculous since cavemen stopped dragging women around by the hair.
A movie strangled by convoluted plotting and an attitude toward women [and] marriage...far less progressive than the filmmakers seem to think.
It would have been better for all concerned if [it] had been consigned to that limbo where lost luggage winds up, never to be heard from again.
For a chick flick that meets the first two criteria of the Bechdel Test (it has at least two women who talk to each other), "Baggage Claim" fails the third (about something besides a man) big time.
Patton, who excels at projecting confidence and cool, can't seem to get a handle on the movie's insecure heroine, and overcompensates with broadly cartoonish gestures and facial contortions.
[A] clichéd romantic comedy by writer-director David E. Talbert.
Writer/director David E. Talbert relents to clichés but doesn't feel confined by them, like an undemanding airline passenger who can stretch out in economy class.
With the year's worst comedic performance (non-Kevin James division), Patton's playing a human-shaped bubble, or perhaps a puppy who switched bodies with its owner.
Writer-director David E. Talbert adapts his own 2003 novel into something as useless as it is implosive.
Patton tries WAY too hard in this cute idea gone wrong comedy.
Baggage Claim is almost masochistically cheesy, with zero surprise. But Patton glides through it like Jennifer Aniston with a touch of Audrey Hepburn.
Talbert's directing is on par with a prescription-drug commercial ...
Enough to make Black Jesus weep in despair at the failure of filmmaking fundamentals.
Painfully unfunny and entirely unromantic, "Baggage Claim" offers a woefully outdated look at the challenges of finding true love, boosted from mediocrity only occasionally by a handful of supporting performances.
Centering on a desperate-to-wed flight attendant, this rom-com gets little mileage from its harebrained premise.
Talbert has clearly studied what makes similar films click, but instead of finding a fresh spin on old cliches, he merely repeats them.
A wildly contrived but pleasantly frothy romcom about a youngish single woman on an urgent search for Mr Right.

@highlight

Baggage Claim hits the same notes as a number of successful romantic comedies without establishing much personality of its own.