The 5th Wave will not be the franchise to replace The Hunger Games, or even Divergent
The film comes across as an underwhelming fan tribute to Twilight and The Hunger Games series.
It's the craziest of the YA dystopia movies by far, taking the premise of "child murder as entertainment" to new, un-dreamed-of heights.
Although it's based on Rick Yancey's young adult novels (two so far, and counting), The 5th Wave feels more as if it were cobbled together from a host of other, better science fiction stories.
With a terrific cast and a director who at least is making an attempt to shake up the literary dystopian status quo, there's really no reason for this one to be as outright terrible as it ultimately proves to be.
The 5th Wave is simultaneously boring and cringingly overwrought, with a bland protagonist, a completely nonsensical story, and another teen love triangle.
The film feels rushed, the parallel storylines aren't equally satisfying and the CGI looks a bit too, well, CGI.
You don't often encounter a mix of pandering and incompetence glommed together this thoroughly.
The 5th Wave, which has echoes of Divergent and The Hunger Games, both of which have strong female protagonists, is too obviously just the introductory chapter.
The following plea is for Chloe Grace Moretz: "PLEASE FIND A NEW AGENT!"
Yes, there are some powerfully riveting moments and hordes of extremely watchable, athletic youngsters, but director J. Blakeson's film is a paint-by-numbers job that also leaves the ending, predictably, just hanging there.
There's no way around the clunky exposition and rampant clichés that make up the majority of The 5th Wave.
Evoking ... almost every YA sci-fi offering, The 5th Wave will surprise nobody, introducing a procession of stock-character types into well-worn narrative arcs.
In a movie like this, I'd expect a grand display of visual effects that sadly fall short, given that whenever they're used (which is sparingly) they feel cheap and poorly made. [Full Review in Spanish]
Too often, characters feel the need to tell us exactly what they're doing and why. And then they take an awfully long time to get there.
Another weekend, another movie adaptation of a young-adult sci-fi novel.
I didn't know anything about The 5th Wave before seeing J. Blakeson's film and assumed it would be a dystopian action thriller. It is, and a solid one at that, but it's also consciously comic.
Insipid sci-fi, a dystopian disappointment...
The 5th Wave ultimately falls right in line with such by-the-numbers young-adult fare as the Hunger Games and Divergent series...
Mostly, the movie evaporates into misty clichés and sentiment. Military scenes play out like first-person shooter games. Cassie earnestly declaims, 'Hope makes us human,' but it's this movie's obvious hope for a sequel that makes it so Hollywood.
Moretz acquits herself well as the no-nonsense Cassie, forced to grow up quickly in terrible circumstances - but it never shifts out of first gear.
It's just another Hunger Games/Divergent/Maze Runner clone, with the heroine torn between two lovers.
Also based on the first in a trilogy of post-apocalyptic teen novels, this thriller feels like it could be a worthy successor to The Hunger Games saga, with its smart story and strong characters.
It's never boring, but it's absurd, ridiculous and slurty. [Full review in Spanish]
Predictable and full of involuntary humor. One of the worst films of the year so far. [Full review in Spanish]
"What's the point of any of this?" asks Cassie. I kept hoping, but no such luck. It's a question that is never answered.
The 5th Wave is not only an endless collection of clichés seen in similar productions, but, above all, it extends to parodic levels. [Full review in Spanish]
A more violent affair than the Hunger Games, Divergent or Maze Runner movies, but also bloodless and even wimpy so as to make sure that its teen audience isn't too scared.
The kids are cutouts, their plots are schematic, and their dialogue is unconvincing.
It captures the attention of the audience, but as the movie progresses it drags too long and becomes too corny. [Full review in Spanish]
The movie doesnt accomplish to concrete any idea. [Full Review in Spanish]
When you thought that nothing could be worst than Twilight, The Fifht Wave arrives. [Full Review in Spanish]
An interesting concept is overshadowed by predictable plot developments and forgettable characters.
Even though the premise had potential, the film wastes every opportunity it had to do something great by showing every cliche of the YA film adaptations we've already seen before. [Full review in Spanish]
It gets into survival mode pretty quick, and turns out that the misfits, the delinquents, the non-conformists in society are those that handle this situation best. I hope they complete this trilogy.
Ultimately squashed by a silly and generic love triangle that makes The Hunger Games look like Casablanca.
Washes over you like tepid bathwater.
A bad film that announces the coming of even more bad films. [Full review in Spanish]
Aimed at teenagers, product of a known formula with a forced plot and weak performances. [Full review in Spanish]
One of the worst Sci-Fi films in recent memory. [Full review in Spanish]
The winning formul of "post-apocalyptiv future + young romance" doesn't work at all in this film. [Full review in Spanish]
A muddy, sappy and laughless dystopian melodrama that bares more of a resemblance to Twilight than Hunger Games.
A blender of the best and previous Sci-Fi movies with no identity of its own. A confusing, dull and limp of a movie.
The storyline is generic apocalyptic science fiction and feels a lot like an uninspired fusion of Independence Day and the TV mini-series "V".
If I didn't know better, I'd say these YA books are written by parents who don't want their kids sticking their dicks in shower holes or sleeping with nerds like they used to.
A post apocalyptic adventure that only works because of the acting talents of its main protagonist. [Full review in Spanish]
Chloë Grace Moretz struggles to keep the film from falling apart, but a predictable story and ridiculous characters makes this impossible to pull off. [Full review in Spanish]
A film that does for aliens what Twilight did for vampires. [Full review in Spanish]
The whole thing appears to have been designed by some crazed Oedipal wing of the N.R.A.
The 5th Wave plays like a Wayans-brothers spoof of movies based on dystopian Young Adult novels. Seriously, it could have been called YA Movie the way it wallows in all the overly familiar tropes of the genre.
Blakeson, who worked low-budget wonders on The Disappearance of Alice Creed, handles the shifts and twists of the plot efficiently enough, but the result remains lumpen and crucially lacking in surprise.
The 5th Wave is an unintentionally humorous excuse for dumbed-down science fiction filmmaking. It's painful to watch and as uninteresting as toenail fungus.
Alien invaders behave intelligently before acting really, really stupidly in "The 5th Wave," a tween-oriented sci-fi adventure that synthesizes "They Live," "The Hunger Games," and countless other visitors-from-another-world sagas.
The death and destruction in "The 5th Wave" can be highly entertaining, but once that's over, the movie must follow its predetermined formula.
J. Blakeson's dull, humorless film plays to the lowest common denominator.
What begins with the giddy prospect of a fun apocalyptic alien invasion movie steadily morphs into yet another futuristic heavy-browed teens-vs-grown-ups movie. As its young, reluctant action star Chloe Grace Moretz (Carrie; Kick Ass) gives it her all.
Assuming viewers are uneducated, or that they simply do not care, the film's off to a swell start.
The film still manages to stand out from the cornucopia of other YA sci-fi adaptations, and its successes are largely down to the excellent Moretz in the leading role.
It becomes increasingly dreary and derivative - and ends in a way that suggests several more mind-numbing sequels will soon be washing over us.
Nothing essential going on here, really, but capable of supplying an effective escapist diversion for those who need it fast.
This is the kind of apocalypse where there's no food or gasoline, but plenty of make-up and hair care products.
Clunky, predictable and not at all engaging. (Full Content Review for Parents - Sex, Violence, Profanity, etc. - Also Available)
As for wit, the only amusing aspect about The 5th Wave is that it ends as if there will be a sequel. That would really finish off mankind.
Starts out as a rote survival narrative before taking a turn for the absurd.
Lazy and trite, with a passive protagonist. It's as if no one here understands the appeal of the postapocalyptic YA genre it is attempting to piggyback on.
It mines a number of familiar tropes, but combined with poor execution, the result is a recipe for disaster and not the cool postapocalyptic kind.
Like the abandoned, bullet-riddled vehicles glimpsed onscreen, this movie is a pile-up of beat-up motifs that clog the story and leave no room for the characters to emote - ironic since it's supposed to be about holding on to humanity.
the only standout in the cast besides Moretz is Maika Monroe (It Follows) as a Goth fighter with no patience for pussies. Jeez, if only Monroe and Mortez had been allowed to take over. Instead, here's another dystopian washout.
Say this for Cassie Sullivan (Chloë Grace Moretz): no matter how bad things get during the alien-wrought apocalypse, her hair looks great.
A horrifying scenario that's played without the horror, almost offhandedly.
An inadvertently funny teen romance so badly conceived that not even Nicholas Sparks could rewrite it.
Low rent knockoff The 5th Wave is boring teenage wasteland.
It's like Lord of the Flies by way of Michael Bay, only not nearly as awesome as that sounds.
Disappointing adaptation has violence, some romance.
If there's anything new under the sun in the YA world, unfortunately, it doesn't appear to exist in The 5th Wave. If you've seen this story once, you've seen it all.
Must've been in the right mood for teen-focused alien-invasion-end-of-the-world-movie. What will be a trilogy of movies -- or more -- is off to a better start than its peers.
When a book is adapted for the screen, there are reasons why some tangential plot points need to go. But Susannah Grant, Akiva Goldsman, and Jeff Pinkner, the screenwriting team who adapted Yancey's book, have destroyed the book's rich texture.
I don't know about you, but when I go to an alien-invasion movie I want to see some aliens invading.
Casting Moretz as Cassie was a smart move. Like Jennifer Lawrence in "The Hunger Games" and Shailene Woodley in "Divergent," Moretz is first and foremost an actress.
The whole thing is just so familiar, so warmed-over.
If you need to take a nap between the 2nd Wave and the 3rd Wave, just let slumber overtake you because your dreams will be much more interesting than The 5th Wave.
Topical ideas on humanity, mistrust and alien-as-immigrant metaphors are a plus, but a laughable romance and a ridiculous wrap-up render the film as only a staging ground for the next two parts of the trilogy to come.
"The 5th Wave" starts off strong, but winds up drowning in young adult cliches. It's not the end of the world, but it's starting to feel like the end of this genre.
The action's pretty fair, and fairly violent, though the quality of the digital photography is all over the place, with some key night scenes descending into visual murk.
It's disasters like this that make you welcome any conquering species, as long as they agree to vapourize Hollywood first.
The 5th Wave is 2016's first flop. [Full review in Spanish]
It's depressing to see Ms. Moretz - so spirited in "Clouds of Sils Maria" and the "Kick-Ass" movies - reduced to constant mooning at Mr. Roe. And yet the source novel is part of a trilogy. Expect sequels.
The whole thing becomes so ludicrous that it's unintentionally funny as it reaches its lackluster climax, which is carefully designed to lead into the next film, assuming there is one.
Moretz is an enjoyably feisty heroine and there is all the fun you might expect in playing "guess the alien".
While scoring highly on pace and atmosphere, many questions remain unanswered.
Moretz is excellent, as are her fellow youngsters, and it's always good to see Liev Schreiber, here playing a rugged U.S. Army commander.
With two subsequent books in the series, can a movie franchise be far behind? Let's hope not.
The sense that children's attitudes toward rampant militarization are being gradually normalized is the film's objectionable given.
A familiar exercise in disaster porn and saccharine storytelling.
This American movie is wretchedly written and badly directed and edited.
Pointedly and joylessly explaining everything turns out to be this movie's favourite thing, I guess because aliens tend to struggle with our human emotions.
Plays like a Disney Channel version of 'Invasion of the Body Snatchers' or 'The Invaders,' the sixties Quinn Martin ABC potboiler inspired by it.
Although I am growing extremely weary of these teen novels being turned into lengthy productions, "The 5th Wave" is not as bad as I was expecting.
How many average end-of-the-world stories must we endure before someone comes up with a real zinger?
A kids-trained-to-kill sci-fi flick that turns mildly subversive right before taking a headlong dive into sub-Twilight soap ...
The 5th Wave makes no secret of its lust to pick up from The Hunger Games and horn in on some of that dystopian Divergent teen love.
At times, "The 5th Wave" comes close to feeling like Paul Verhoeven's great propaganda parody "Starship Troopers," but this film is sorely lacking in irony - if there is any camp or humor to be found (and there is some) it's mostly unintentional.
Bolstered by the sublime Chloë Grace Moretz and a surprising refusal to cushion the brutality of its setup, this dystopian detour is entertaining and engrossing despite its familiar parts.
Unfortunately, the fate of the world can wait when cute guys are around.
It's written to a machine-tooled formula, with two more episodes naturally planned to gouge cash out of the fanbase, and whatever interest this film has dies about five minutes before the closing credits.
It soon becomes apparent that these spunky teens, no matter how much they flirt with each other while brandishing firearms, are only running themselves in circles.
...The 5th Wave is a fun ride to take. It's got thrill, suspense, the classic love triangle and an end of the world scenario that we can't keep away from.
The 5th Wave represents a trend of movies that care more about their follow-ups than their individual selves.
as The 5th Wave proves, mediocrity at the middle of any adventure leads to a distinct feeling of displeasure once the "to be continued" conceit rolls out
You'll be more than ready to wave goodbye.
This picture stands as the best argument yet that the YA dystopia cycle has passed its sell-by date.
For most of its running time, "The 5th Wave" functions as a passable time-waster. But the finale - or lack thereof - proves the filmmakers had little interest in crafting a picture as much as a franchise.
Everything that comes after the confident, dangerous first half-hour just makes you pine for what could have been as this devolves into ten-a-penny teen-lit sludge.
The apocalypse, in its effect on Cassie, mainly takes the form of a been-there, done-that checklist of Young Adult story tropes, and none of these are very scary or original, or bode very well.
A movie with a very high bodycount but a very small amount of grit, either emotional or literal.
Like "The 5th Wave," I believe the children are our future. Unlike the movie, I have trouble believing teens can be made to do their algebra homework without whining, let alone instantly cohere into a precision army to repel an alien invasion.
Chloë Grace Moretz and some cool alien destruction set the film apart from other young adult novel adaptations.
The screenwriters so excessively telegraph each plot twist that the entire script may well have been written in Morse code.
Have you ever dreamed with your eyes open? Have you ever sat in a theater wondering who keeps snoring, only to wonder if it might be you? There are new experiences to be had here, not experiences that you'd want, but experiences.
'The 5th Wave' comes with its own standardized set of recent-yet-worn clichés about brave teens, the power of love, and a heroine who, despite a mild charisma deficiency, still manages to find herself torn between two of the hunkiest men on the planet.
For viewers not already committed to the series, The 5th Wave is painfully dull and shallow, hobbled by paper-thin characters and a generic mush of a story.
The efficient script hides its secrets well, with Moretz an ever-watchable presence.
No amount of 'hard PG-13' atrocities and leftfield homages to John Carpenter's 'They Live' can save a film that, in trying to be more than a YA movie, becomes one of the worst.
The 5th Wave finds a way to make the most of Moretz's talents, with the emotionality she showed in If I Stay and the utter physical chutzpah of her Kick-Ass films.
Seriously, if you're not five steps ahead of "The Fifth Wave," you need to have yourself tested.
There are some clunky or abruptly compressed revelations, and Evan's flashback story is dispatched far too quickly. Yet the situation that develops... is an intriguing one.
An effectively decent post-apocalyptic, young-adult, world-in-the-balance survival thriller.
Another week, another plucky teenage girl with the fate of the world on her shoulders, buffeted by smoldering glances from two strong, yet sensitive, young men.
A movie that's as generic as it sounds, complete with a just-as-standard alien invasion plotline thrown in.
[The] leaden scripting from heavyweight scribes Akiva Goldsman and Susannah Grant refuses to spark into sequel-sustaining life, instead offering formless melodrama and breathy romance juxtaposed with kids-in-combat action sequences.
Unfortunately, the only outstanding thing the film's got is Chloë Moretz.

@highlight

With unimpressive effects and plot points seemingly pieced together from previous dystopian YA sci-fi films, The 5th Wave ends up feeling like more of a limp, derivative wriggle.