It is typical of Bujalski's finely wrought observation of their lives that the film ends, as it began, with a moment in which Lauren is poised, indecisively, on the cusp of a decision.
Ultimately a dull story about dull thirtysomethings whose dull issues are conveyed in a prying, cinema verité style, implying drama and meaning in the mundane details of their dull lives.
Andrew Bujalski ought to be more than a critical darling by this point.
Don't expect intensity of any kind in Bujalski's films; the emotions range from mild annoyance to bemusement, but within that minimal palette he's a master.
Beeswax can be summed up by one lingering shot, where the camera focuses, for no particular reason, on Maggie Hatcher's armpit hair. Like armpit hair, Beeswax is sweaty, unpleasant, in need of cutting, and without a point.
The primary appeal most mumblecore films hold for me is the comfort of knowing that I have never met any of these people and probably never will.
A collection of small moments and awkward interactions, this low-key drama has a home-made feel to it. But it's so rambling and aimless, with characters that aren't particularly likeable, that it's difficult to find much resonance in it.
It's weirdly gripping, an authentically banal slice of life. Mumblecore must die. But maybe from its ashes will come something spikier, stranger.
A relentlessly talky and meandering slough of claustrophobia passing itself off as an intimate life study.
More than ever, Bujalski comes across like the natural heir to someone like Eric Rohmer, an artist who creates intricate, perceptive and artful cinema that rejects unnecessary style and contrivance.
It takes real talent to make something so studied feel this soufflé-light, especially in the Hatchers' charming naturalism.
A step forward, but a sluggish one.
This amazing little gem simply blew me away with its loving voice of reason.
It's rambling, doesn't really go anywhere, and is not necessarily about anything beyond its own sense of place. But it's mildly diverting nonetheless. It's about mood, not plot.
Makes up in depth for what it sacrifices in breadth.
Provides no interesting challenges for its characters or profound thoughts about life.
Beeswax reminds viewers that in talkative films much can go unspoken. For writer-director Andrew Bujalski these betwixt-between, hem-haw spaces are the places to be.
if Beeswax doesn't feel as significant as his last film, Mutual Appreciation, it's that movie's equal in terms of lovingly gnomic characters and very real anxieties.
Everyone is a full-grown adult dealing with all which that entails, and both the characters and the film's easygoing rhythms are, remarkably, true to life and love lost, or found.
...self-conscious first-time performances, often mumbling into their hands, are distracting and often took me from the moment.
There are viewers and critics who simply can't abide mumblecore. But give this movie a chance: Bujalski has a serious talent for finding resonance in the mundane.
A change of scenery to Austin, TX, shows a distinct lack of mumble...These characters may still be a bit unsure of themselves, but...have become a whole lot more articulate and sexually confident.
A crayon-colorful comedy steeped in colloquial American English.
I've seen all three of Andrew Bujalski's feature films... and I think they just keep getting better and better (they have grown warmer).
Bujalski is very much interested in how people -- in his instance, quite intelligent, civilized and articulate twentysomething individuals -- cope with life's everyday challenges, finding naturalistic drama in what may initially seem pedestrian.
A good introduction to Mumblecore.
Precious in its realism this film is so plain is threatens to slip off the screen. Kudos for the honesty but the entertainment is lacking.
A mildly engaging, low-key drama that's somewhat lazy, bland and ultimately underwhelming.
Beeswax ranks as one of the most mature mumblecore exercises yet, a sure sign that the movement will live on despite its misguided detractors.
Bujalski has an unusual gift for spotlighting small moments and underplaying large ones.
At first glance a modest, ragged slice of contemporary life, turns out to be a remarkably subtle, even elegant movie. Its leisurely scenes and hesitant, circling conversations conceal both an ingenious comic structure and a rich emotional subtext.
Beeswax is probably Bujalski's best film to date, and curiously it feels both spontaneous and carefully guided, deviously tilting the audience in favor of one of its characters while it subtly builds an equal and opposite critique.
It's the polar opposite of Hollywood slickness and that counts for something.
surpassingly fascinating
Bujalski's funny, diverting character piece has a lived-in quality that's no small achievement.
This warm, graceful and fundamentally optimistic movie snuck up on me, in the best possible way.
If it's rare to see sisters at the center of a smart, mature, and artful movie, it's even more surprising to see them so keenly in tune.
There are fine, fresh observational moments, but the film is much ado about not so much.
You work very hard for tiny rewards. Only a cinema-illiterate could mistake this for an advance.
Bujalski has always been good at making closeness feel exotic, and awkwardness seem natural.
Andrew Bujalski's third film is another memorably natural character piece evoking the spirit of Rohmer, Cassavetes and Woody Allen in a uniquely young American style.
Although Bujalski's spin on the legal thriller lacks narrative tension, it ambles on pleasantly enough, buoyed by the twins' refreshingly forthright screen presence.
Talky analysis of modern-day relationships and insecurities can't quite shake its self-satisfied air of modish inconsequentiality.
With Beeswax, Andrew Bujalski continues his project of crafting intensely observed, dialogue-driven character pieces that make use of nonprofessional actors and privilege the seemingly empty moments in conversation.
[A] quiet backyard-story from the reluctant figurehead of mumblecore, Andrew Bujalski.



@highlight

Andrew Bujalski's third effort will test the patience of some filmgoers, but it represents a warm, funny, and honest introduction to the mumblecore movement.