...not a biography by any conventional definition but an impressionistic survey of the artist, his art, his interaction (and at times collision) with the culture he both grabs onto and flees, and the mystery that still surrounds Dylan.
Since much of I'm Not There falls short in the lived moment, its individual threads don't lead back to Haynes's larger concerns.
I'm Not There is a very special kind of life and times. It leaves ordinary musical biopics like Ray and Walk the Line and Beyond the Sea in the dust.
Haynes' film has no straight lines, it is all collage and pastiche and an endless series of intersections that all, quite improbably, lead to a startlingly accurate (if abstracted) vision of the many faces of Dylan.
Where is the defiant, sensuous expansiveness of Dylan's songs?
I'm Not There is coy and fatuous, but it also can be intriguing and thought-provoking. But I'm Not There makes us consider Dylan with new eyes.
Abstract expressionism, paying tribute to its hero in a fashion every bit as enigmatic and chameleon-like as the man himself. Is it a faux-documentary? Is it a biographical drama? At times, it is both. In the end, we are left with an ambitious misfire.
Full of Dylanology, Dylanography and Dylanerbole... if that's your thing
The director's disappointment in Dylan's downward metamorphosis from outlaw poet, prophet and political idealist to cynic, egotist, wasted stoner, Jesus freak and recluse, is palpable, with a symbolic dirge for a body that has outlived its art.
Haynes is brilliant at tearing off the top of his own head and giving audiences a peek into his pop obsessions.
Not particularly entertaining or enlightening, but it is slow-moving and long.
Uma das cinebiografias mais atípicas e, por isto mesmo, mais fiéis ao espírito criativo de seu biografado que já tive o prazer de assistir.
Director Todd Haynes takes an artistic leap, I just don't want to catch all of the finished product.
So self-aware and dull, you wonder what's the point of Haynes being experimental if his experiment doesn't yield something that's compelling or, at the very least, entertaining. Insight might have been a goal, but there's no insight here.
Perhaps the whole weird, scattershot thing might play better when you can skip-search to your favorite bits.
It doesn't strike me that this multi-metaphorical experiment succeeds in illuminating a soaring talent who keeps his private life private and has always denied the hungry press any hints about the meanings in his songs.
I'm Not There becomes another boomer ode to the cultural supremacy of the sixties.
The iconoclastic film about the idiosyncratic artist is truly an inventive film but not an easy one to come to grips with or instantly enjoy.
There are those who will applaud what Haynes and his actors have accomplished, and I can understand its appeal on an intellectual level. But I am not a supporter of film without form or art without structure.
By mirroring Dylan's concepts with his music and avoiding both the biographical route and the songs-tell-a-story route, Haynes creates the most provocative, electric examination of an artist in years.
...a kind of filmic Dylan song, allusive and evocative and purposefully, poetically ambiguous.
It's brilliant, demanding, exasperating; it's undramatic but absorbing, more enigmatic than revealing, up itself and wildly inventive.
A crazy film which shouldn't work, but for most of the time does.
Not a lot of fun.
This works so well that long before the end you don't merely accept the use of these wildly diverse personae, but you may also even wonder whether Dylan's story could properly be told any other way
There are also some great performances from Heath Ledger, Christian Bale and, particularly, Blanchett. But director Todd Haynes works under the misapprehension that everyone who sees this film will have a detailed knowledge of Dylan.
This drama, a surreal, fractured examination of the mercurial singer-songwriter comes closer to revealing the man behind the music than anything that's come before, but still preserves his essential mystery.
A fascinating work for cinema and Bob Dylan fans alike. Haynes has painted a perfect picture tribute to the musical icon that only misses a beat in the final quarter. One actor simply couldn't do the man justice.
It's not your average biopic but it's unforgettable all the same.
Haynes, astutely perhaps, has created a biopic with little time for "justice" or indeed any of the reverence and piety of recent films such as Walk the Line or Ray.
A powerfully reverent exercise in remystification, an attempt to waft some of the clouds of glory back around the great man, clouds that might have dispersed in recent years.
One of the sexiest pieces of cinema I've seen at a festival.
A multifaceted diamond of a film. Todd Haynes joyously freewheels through the times of Bob Dylan.
You'll have your work cut out keeping track of Haynes' dotty intentions, but there remains something compelling in his mercurial art.
Of course, the big question is whether all this tricky stuff adds up to anything or is simply narrative razzle-dazzle.
Exactly as weird, deep, nonsensical, rambling and wheezy as Dylan's music. Haynes could have cut his movie in half, then reordered the scenes at random, and what he'd have would be no less cohesive than the product as it stands.
An extraordinary attempt to encapsulate the many faces of Bob Dylan that plays better to the convert than the sceptic. Like the nasal twang of the man in question, the film finally beguiles more than it irritates.
an intricate exercise in synthetic cubism
Todd Haynes' masterful portrait of Bob Dylan scrutinizes the musician-poet-actor-artist-husband-father-outlaw and leaves him at once as mysterious as ever and yet somehow knowable.
Well-acted, mature Dylan biopic for big fans only.
You may know little more about Dylan than when you walked into the theater, but you'll have some interesting food for thought as concerns Todd Haynes' imaginings about Dylan.
The movie is not so much a biography as a fragmented tour through Dylan's various personas and psyches.
Some of it is freakishly brilliant, other parts no so much, while the majority of it is so oddly surrealistic and unusual I equal parts couldn't take my eyes off of it while also scratching my head in bewilderment wondering what it is actually all about.
takes us laughin', spinnin', swingin' madly across the screen with Dylan metaphors and anecdotes
Haynes's much praised film lifts a concept Todd Solondz used 2 years ago for (the superior in my opinion) Palindromes...and his idea of breaking Dylan down into the different personas he has played has mixed, albeit mostly intriguing results.
Only devout Dylan fans will be able to derive much sense out of it. Dylan novices can only sit back and surrender to the ride Haynes offers: It's a strange, surreal trip.
I'm Not There is funny, poignant, interesting and nostalgia-inducing, but above all it's a Todd Haynes movie, and that's a good thing.
If [this movie] sounds high-faluting and hard to imagine -- well, that's true to the film. But it's also a lot of chaotic fun.
How does it feeeel? Like a rolling shambles, much of it, and even a second viewing doesn't erase the sensation.
[A] challenging meditation on fame, creativity, on larger-than-life personality, and on whether pop culture can be ever be art, or art pop culture.... [E]ndlessly provocative...
To enjoy I'm Not There you should be just a little bit Dylan-crazy, fascinated by his talent, ornery personality and enduring cultural influence.
ponderous and self-absorbed
Alas, this isn't the first time that writer/director Haynes has created a film with a stunning conceit that never reels in its audience.
Presents its arguments with the imagination of a thesis paper...pleasurable, although exceedingly hard.
A motion picture that's as infuriating as it is inventive.
What I think the film does succeed in doing is offering not so much a portrait of Dylan but rather a portrait of celebrity using Dylan as the perfect example of someone not particularly comfortable with his fame...
There's a 90-minute masterpiece in this film, waiting for an editor to find it.
I think it's really interesting stuff and I enjoyed every aspect of it.
It doesn't all work and it runs too long. But every fragment of Dylan's life, every version of him, from the funny to the tippy, rings true.
It willfully denies one of the sacred tenets of cinematic storytelling, that every movie -- comedy, romance or biography -- is actually a mystery, one the audience expects to see solved.
One of the real pleasure of the movie is the great acting from people who have just a few moments on screen.
Empty, literal nostalgia...Haynes brings the detached cool, making his exercise in self-indulgent nostalgia safe for hipsters.
This audaciously imagined but ultimately surprisingly conventional not-quite-biopic insists on tethering Dylan to politics, to biography, to the 1960s, to 'relevance' and -- most damaging of all -- to nostalgia.
A full-frontal formalist assault on the very concept of celebrity bio-pics... drifting and riffing on contradictions, drop-dead funny, and easily the most go-for-broke, energizing movie I've seen all year.
I'm Not There may inspire great movies, but doesn't have the discipline to be one itself.
A kaleidoscopic masterpiece...The genius of "I'm Not There" is that the Dylan who could answer our questions is left blowin' in the wind.
I'm Not There feels like the most alive work to hit the screen in ages.
Ultimately, though, the question arises: why bother?
[Director Todd Haynes] gives us a sense of how Bob Dylan bestrode (and bemused) his time.
A masterpiece of music, words and images that should get even the staunchest Dylan-haters interested in learning more about the man.
Despite its inventive setup, it lacks a coherent narrative.
Live, breath, sing, obfuscate, exhale: I'm Not There is a kaleidoscopic blur, a puzzle confected from muzzle flash, a tale born on the prairie but with its eyes up on the road ahead.
In a movie loaded with small gems of insight and inspiration, Blanchett's portrayal of the Jude Dylan is a diamond.
Anyone can make a bad movie, but it takes a good filmmaker to make one as bad as I'm Not There.
The missteps don't detract from the thrilling brilliance of the filmmaking (aided by the remarkable cinematographer Ed Lachman), or dim the sense that Haynes was right in deciding that the fractions of the man would add up to more than the man himself.
I'm Not There offers up a daring conceit and then falls apart trying to fulfill it.
What emerges is a speculative, critical essay about the 60s, weighted down in spots by political correctness and a conflicted desire to mock Dylan's denseness while catering to his hardcore fans, but otherwise lively, fluid, and watchable.
The singular haunting beauty of I'm Not There, Todd Haynes' thrilling deep-vision meditation on the music and many lives of Bob Dylan, is that obsession isn't just its fuel -- it's the movie's spirit and subject, its driving force.
There's a lot to like: In an unexpected coup, Dylan granted Haynes the rights to his songbook so the soundtrack is a solid collection of originals and inspired covers. And Haynes has some film-geek fun aping the styles of 1960s and '70s auteurs...
Blanchett is so convincing that when we see a shot of the real Dylan playing the harmonica, I thought, 'Wow, Dylan looks a lot like Cate Blanchett' instead of the other way around.
The film is bracingly original; it's also mystifying, overlong and at times nearly incoherent. Floating at a distance from its audience, it creates its own smoky logic.
This film insists on being taken on its own terms -- the sort of demand, in other words, that defines the best art.
...there's one great movie in here.
I'm Not There has epic length, but it's one bad idea after another.
A vividly imagined homage to the evolving music and enigmatic figure we know as Bob Dylan.
After showing great restraint in Far from Heaven, Haynes gets high on his spectrum of styles: B&W, color, documentary, visual metaphors, surrealism, etc.
Writer-director Todd Haynes has come up with the most interesting psycho-cultural-biographical mix in memory here, managing to make the film reek of the artsy '60s at the same time it unfailingly honors its subject.
A challenging film, one that I suspect can only benefit from multiple viewings. The success of its approaches varies, but its intent is unfailingly interesting.
Todd Haynes' impressionistic take on Dylan manages to equal the artist.
I'm Not There is an uncompromising, beautifully wrought essay on identity, artistic and otherwise.
What Haynes does is take away the reassuring segues that argue everything flows and makes sense, and to show what's really chaos under the skin of the film.
Despite its artistic gambles and the intellectual arguments it's sure to generate, I'm Not There doesn't even have the power of a vacuum. It's all there on the surface.
Haynes's warmest film yet. The thing is infused with love -- not the slavish kind, but a true-eyed tribute to the artist who belongs to nobody and everybody at once.
Forget the six impersonations of Bob Dylan. Ultimately, I'm Not There is all about Todd Haynes trying to be Jean-Luc Godard.
It's frustrating, brilliant, beautiful, maddening, hilarious and tragic, and may ruin me for conventional rock 'n' roll biopics that provide easy motivations and facile answers.
I'm Not There would make a fine exercise for graduate school analysis. I'm just not sure how well it works as a movie.
Simultaneously head-scratching and thought-provoking, Todd Haynes' metaphorical Bob Dylan drama feels more like poetry (or music) than a biopic.
...may not get any closer to the 'truth' than a conventional biopic would, but at least the movie snubs conventional formula in favor of its own, folk-rock-gospel rhythm.
Among its many achievements, Todd Haynes's I'm Not There hurls a Molotov cocktail through the facade of the Hollywood biopic factory.
Cate Blanchett has delivered the most audacious, astounding and entertaining performance of the year by ANYONE, male or female.
I love the idea of this concept as well as the way Haynes carried it out ... I'm Not There always has something to look at, to grasp at, and to think about.
A marriage of surrealism, idolatry, and psychological babbling, I'm Not There is an especially intoxicating witches brew for the Dylan faithful, with enough directorial cartwheeling to keep the rest interested in the journey as well.
This is a film in which the name "Bob Dylan" is never uttered once and yet it still comes closer to getting to the bottom of the man, his music and his myths than anything that I can recall reading or seeing.
Haynes' film, certainly his masterpiece to date and one of the year's best
Too much myth and not enough man.
An exhilarant. Sends you out of the theater just as Dylan (and Rimbaud) would have it: with a riot of perfumes.
It's not a challenge to enjoy it (assuming you know what you're in for), but it is difficult to take it all in at once.
Even if you're one of those viewers who finds Haynes an overly cerebral director (I'm not), [the] music provides an emotional scaffolding that sustains the film.
I appreciate Haynes' craft and ambition. I love the Ledger/Gainsbourg scenes, which are sweet and sad and delicately shaded. And Blanchett's inspired not-quite-impersonation of Dylan is reason enough to tussle with the rest of it.
Haynes does it again with his exceptional new I'm Not There, a deconstruction of the biopic as well as a fascinating look at the cult of celebrity.
I'm Not There is at once experimental and mainstream: Haynes juggles the facts, plays fast and loose, but serves up images, and songs that are as much a part of the collective pop consciousness as anything the 20th century produced.
An experimental film that will delight, amuse and intrigue any Dylan lover.
A showy, if not terribly coherent, film that ultimately tells us less about its inspiration than about the filmmaker's penchant for technical flamboyance.
It's well-acted but also a bit long and will probably be of less interest to those who aren't already fans of Dylan or his music.
A dreamlike and poetically opaque mosaic that, in the end, is a lot like Dylan's music itself, in that it invites analysis but stubbornly defies interpretation.
I'm Not There is brilliant, if often brilliantly surreal, filmmaking.
I'm Not There takes its audience across a Rubicon of moviegoing disillusionment, apathy and sloth: If you are, as you say, so tired of the old, then here is the new. Embrace it, or please shut up.
A rag-tag pastiche of genius, wit and irony.
Tiresome and plodding.
An absorbing, occasionally hallucinatory disquisition on how Dylan has brilliantly eluded his audience's projections.
one of the most inventive and joyous movies of the year.
The superb music and acting is enough to make this experiment a success, but just because Haynes didn't blow up the lab doesn't mean he made a scientific breakthrough.
When it was over, I couldn't move. Despite a couple of slow stretches -- and Dylan has them, too -- I'm Not There turns out to be worthy of its subject. This isn't faint praise. It's a full-on rave.
It makes Yellow Submarine look like a miracle of sober narrative.
Todd Haynes has devised a Bob Dylan biopic that not even Dylan, for all his self-mythologizing, would have had the audacity to conceive.
This is not Walk the Line, or even Ray. It's more like Lisztomania, and other outrageous biographical freak shows created by that cinematic savant Ken Russell.
A feast for the eyes, the ears and the Dylanologist scratching around our minds and hearts.
I'm Not There is very much there in every sense: visual, aural, emotional.
Here is a virtuosic display of Todd Haynes' capacity for reflecting Dylan's forward thinking via a blend of perfectly coded vignettes. It's not a film for lazy audiences.
A kaleidoscopic, non-linear meditation with little coherence, it's bizarre, discordant and surreal - recommended only for Dylan devotees, definitely not a mainstream movie.
Though an original idea, it's not so far out: Haynes does a never-dull job of showing the many personae of a man who has no central core and who is not at all defensive about that.
[Haynes has] made a movie that looks, sounds and feels just like a great Bob Dylan song.
Todd Haynes' bold, unconventional Dylan biopic is an experiment that doesn't always pay off, but there are strokes of genius in both the direction and performances.
Richly textured, with allusions to Fellini and Godard, this discursive meditation on the complex and enigmatic Dylan (and the impossibility of the biopic genre) Is Haynes' most ambitious work to date.
There's a wonderfully adventurous tone to this Bob Dylan biopic that keeps us utterly gripped, even though it's hard to get a grip on.
An intellectual whirligig lacking depth or soul.
It's so daring and so inventive that it feels like a strange kind of treasure.
the multiple actor gimmick is fascinating to grapple with (as is the movies comparably shape-shifting visual identity) but it leads to an uneven ride
An extraordinary puzzle of a biography that's ripe to be decoded.
The most unexpected external fact about 'I'm Not There' is that Todd Haynes got Bob Dylan's permission for this film.
A phantasmagoric trip that explores Bob Dylan as a mystery man and a shape-shifter par excellence
Certainly an enjoyable experiment, but ultimately as fruitless as reporter Jerry Thompson's search for the truth about Charles Foster Kane.
Whether you buy the whole enchilada or not, you'll be in awe of There's editing and photography.
A beautifully shot, brilliantly acted incoherent mess, ranking up there with David Lynch's Inland Empire as one of the most inscrutable films of the year.
I cannot believe this is the Todd Haynes who topped my ten-best list in 2002 with the magnificent, unforgettable Far From Heaven. Headed for the No. 1 spot on my ten-worst list, I'm Not There is a tumultuous disappointment.
Haynes & Moverman find a richness in this 10 year sliver of Dylan's life that is further set throbbing by Haynes' choices as a director.
One can only hope that Dylan fans will get something out of this because to everyone else it's just a disjointed mess.
[It] is not only a kaleidoscopic view of events in the life, music and myth of Bob Dylan, but a critical deconstruction and synthesis of Dylan's various media representations.
Overall, I'm glad I was there.
I'm Not There is so sleek and stylish as to nearly disappear from sight as you're watching it. But at the same time, you recognize the pleasure of the cleverness.
Sit back, and enjoy one of the finest biographical films ever made... This is a fiction about a lie more true than the truth, the story of the story, with metaphors writ large on the screen, metaphors about the smiling simile that is Bob Dylan.
Lacks a narrative and a center, much like the "ghost" at its core.
Inventive and very unusual account of the life and times of Bob Dylan.
Incorporates and represents everything I hate about Bob Dylan, which is what everyone loves about Bob Dylan, so this is emphatically a movie for those who worship the man.





@highlight

I'm Not There 's unique editing, visuals, and multiple talented actors portraying Bob Dylan make for a deliciously unconventional experience. Each segment brings a new and fresh take on Dylan's life.