Nonetheless, this is a rigorously drawn account of a remarkable coup that delves shrewdly into the machinations of political marketing.
Given the charnel-house atmosphere of Tony Manero and Post Mortem, it's striking that Larraín concludes his Pinochet trilogy on a note of near-giddy optimism.
What makes No so fascinating is that it sets out to prove the substance of substancelessness, and it provides an all-too-rare glimpse at the way logic can act as a deterrent to the political advancement of morality.
The final part of director Pablo Larraín's Pinochet-era trilogy manages to be tense, fascinating and feelgood at all once.
No gives its audience their necessary dose of historical and cultural vegetables, but serves them up in the tastiest way possible.
The most cutting gag is just how much Saavedra's political ads resemble his recent campaign for a diet cola. And the punch line is that they work.
No is an open conversation about the very means by which we understand ourselves and our societies, the way that we internalize advertising and news footage. It's a manifestation of national memory.
Larraín shows how idealism and venality sat side by side, how quickly the brutal circumstances in which Pinochet came to power were forgotten and how little seemed to change once he left.
Gripping and suspenseful even though the ending is already known.
The best movie ever made about Chilean plebiscites, No thoroughly deserves its Oscar nomination for Best Foreign Film.
An incredible and prescient real life story of how a savvy ad campaign brought about real political change.
[Director Pablo] Larrain has substituted the icy-veined harshness of his earlier films and replaced it with a celebratory, robust, truly cinematic sensibility.
Writer-director Pablo Larraín includes much authentic footage from the 'No' and 'Yes' campaign ads, and adopts a complementary 1980s TV-video design.
This is probably the best fact-based account of 1980s Chilean political advertising that I've seen this year.
It features an enormously appealing lead performance by Gael Garcia Bernal, an impressively even-handed approach, and a dynamic visual gimmick.
No reminds us that wherever "freedom" must be sold to the public, a history of complacency, violence, and terror has to be overcome.
No concludes Larrain's trilogy on the Pinochet years, a series of films that suggest the usefulness of oblique angles when braving the minefields of fictionalizing recent history. The filmmaker comes by this sidelong view naturally.
Despite a lack of in-depth special features, No is still easy to recommend for its fascinating story that tells of a country getting the unique opportunity to decide its own future.
For all its flaws, 'No' succeeds because the marketers sell the audience, too.
... like Mad Men, it's a period piece set in the world of advertising and it pays a distracting (and sometimes humorous) amount of attention to period details.
It works as drama. And strangely, considering we know the outcome, it generates considerable suspense.
Despite the light-heartedness, there's a hard, tense edge to the film.
Shooting the entire film on video equipment of the era gives No some visual snap but it is very much a pedestrian, by-the-numbers docu-drama tale, with the emphasis on the former rather than the latter.
NO is an important film - especially for people too young or too far removed from Pinochet's "Dirty War" to remember how horrifying the situation was in Argentina during the '70s and '80s. Bernal's screen presence goes a long way in making the movie work
A bitingly funny, fascinating and moving portrait of Pinochet's fall that's smartly shot and superbly performed.
"NO" is an inspirational political drama in which the people are roused by the visual to overcome the vicious.
... features a fine performance by Gael García Bernal as young ad exec René Saavedra, who didn't, at first, quite realise what he was in for when he decided to assist in the bringing down of military dictator Augusto Pinochet.
No is a great historical document as to how one very important revolution started with a commercial.
The understated performance by Bernal was inspiring, as was the pic.
It's not easy material but it's truly fascinating, and expertly done.
An extremely perceptive and intriguing examination of the effect that media hype and spin have on the political process.
...a bitter and knowing meditation on media manipulation and political subversion.
Larrain deftly mixes social satire and historical drama.
All historical and little drama.
Larrain does a fine job of making No look and sound authentic to its time period, although the VHS-quality photography, all washed-out with colors bleeding together as camcorders did in the '80s, is an occasional irritant.
Silliness is on the side of the angels in a brilliant and highly entertaining film that's part political thriller, part media satire.
It's clear that the language of advertising has become universal, and that political commodities can be sold like soap. But toppling a dictatorship? Now there's a story.
"No" is a picture that perches precariously on the cusp of a paradox.
A reflection of a moment in time, made in the image of that moment.
Bernal deftly explores the layers of the character's complexity, including his political apathy.
"No" is filmmaking of the first order.
Old technology plus the packaging of a revolution add up to a Yes
A canny comedy and cutting critique, Pablo Larraín's No looks back at the 1980 vote to extend or end Chilean autocrat Augusto Pinochet's rule through an adman's eyes.
Freshens up a decades-old story with vibrant humor and a good sense of storytelling.
A cunning and richly enjoyable combination of high-stakes drama and media satire from Chilean director Pablo Larrain.
No continually impresses for its slyness and savvy -- rarely has such an eyesore been so worth watching.
A mesmerizing, realistic and often hilarious look at the politics of power and the power of ideas ...
Larrain fashions an unlikely crowd-pleaser from a historical episode that has its share of tragedy as well as triumph.
A political drama, a personal drama, a sharp-eyed study of how the media manipulate us from all sides, No reels and ricochets with emotional force.
Stirring as a celebration of voter empowerment, No may also inspire pangs of wistful nostalgia.
Fascinating work from director Pablo Larrain and screenwriter Pedro Peirano, who manage to slip into the skin of a beleaguered country and detail the urgency of a revolution, sold one jingle at a time.
Swims upstream against high-definition with a defiantly lo-fi approach that's also ingeniously evocative of the historical period.
Wildly colorful strokes, full of bitter humor.
It's a funny look at the way the media warp public opinion, and a curiously hopeful one.
On every level, "No" leaves one with bittersweet feelings about democracy, love and the cost of compromise.
If you can shake off the inherent grossness of mining the Pinochet years for yet another Mad Man-style deification of zeitgeist-grasping salesmen, this is moderately interesting stuff.
If there are fewer white-knuckle showdowns than in a Hollywood movie, the trade-off is a cool, ironic intelligence that ripples off the screen and up the years to where we live.
It's a fascinating and surprisingly fun look behind the scenes of politics and media.
"No" stands proudly in a select sub-category of historical fiction films that work, completely and satisfyingly, as their own movies.
García Bernal quietly carries this film as a soft-spoken kid in blue jeans and untucked shirt.
An Oscar-nominated win for more than just political junkies.
A worthy and a quite interesting slice of modern international history ...
"No" isn't nearly as definitive or declarative as its title: It leaves viewers wondering whether they should cheer, shrug or shake their heads.
There will have to be a hell of a lot of good movies released in 2013 for No not to make my list of the year's 10 best.
It always retains a level of interest, especially for those of us who don't remember - or aren't old enough to remember - which side won.
Paranoia mixes neatly with optimism in this dramedy about the ad campaign that made Chile democratic.
Nominated by the Academy as the year's best foreign-language film, No grabs you hard, no mercy, and keeps you riveted.
It hangs on three ideas...While each...is intriguing, the execution of all is less than satisfying.
Larraín's script is punctuated by dark bursts of humour, and the filmmaker knowingly navigates his audience to a nail-biting - though never cloying, and fully warranted - climax.
It makes the superficial Mad Men seem like, well, a commercial. Buy, buy, buy.
A fascinating period re-creation if not an especially compelling drama.
Evocative and suspenseful, the film is a fascinating glimpse into recent history and the democratic process.
The film highlights the sad fact that logical arguments don't win political debates or elections. Sloganeering and advertising do.
Using a technique borrowed from cinema verité documentaries, the director succeeds in making us feel as if we're living each moment right alongside his politically-charged characters.
Larraín's unarguable point is that, in politics, if we wait for good to issue only from the pure in heart, we will be waiting a very long time.
[Lorrain has] made a few daring choices here, not all of which work.
A troubling, exhilarating and ingeniously realized film that's part stirring political drama and part devilish media satire ...
Say yes to "No."
It's a perfectly fine movie, but given its fairly radical storyline, the filmmaking tends to hew toward the safe and the familiar.
"No" gives a fresh look at the little known history of a country whose duly elected government under Salvador Allende was overthrown in a military coup led by Pinochet in 1973.
Savvy, often brilliant ...
For anyone fascinated by the political process and the powers of persuasive advertising, No is a resounding yes.
The story of it, while true to the moment, needed - ironically - much more dynamism.
"No" signals a huge spurt in the filmmaker's growth.
An expansive political thriller.
Bernal plays the creative type perfectly. His big eyes always seem to be seeing things that others don't, and through his calm, methodical demeanor, you can sense the wheels turning in his head.
'No' is never a drag to watch, but paradoxically enough, its self-imposed cinematic restraints inhibit it from selling itself as effectively as it might have.
The most unexpectedly riotous comedy in years -- one with more bite than usual.
Largely a gimmick picture: At all times, it looks like hastily assembled news footage shot on grainy videotape in 1988.
Explores the power of popular dissent, and the coordinated persuasions of media, marketing, and targeted advertising in shaping the word no to invigorate a populace pessimistically conditioned to think that nothing will ever change for the good.
Simultaneously uplifting and unsettling.
Deftly appropriates mediated history for fiction.
Chilean filmmaker Pablo Larraín's last in a trilogy of films about his country's political landscape, No is the story of the 1988 national referendum which unseated a dictator.
This witty, double-edged movie is no ordinary exercise in political cinema.
An alluring lead performance from Bernal and a suitably low-key, almost purring soundtrack composed by Carlos Cabezas
It has its dull patches but manages to show with some flair both the awfulness of the Pinochet regime and how Chileans rose against it.
For his third Pinochet-era movie, Chilean filmmaker Larrain has come up with his most breathtakingly original approach yet, telling a story anyone, anywhere can identify with while at the same time never pulling his political punches.
A fascinating case study in basic-level democracy.
No is hugely smart and intricate, but it also comes from the gut.
A terrific and thrilling drama about the power of hope, of optimism, and of bravery in the face of intimidation, and very real and extreme physical danger.
A resounding yes.
No, sadly, is a no-no from Chile's Pablo Larraín.
The clash of ideas is fascinating because they boil down to what makes us human: are we driven by hope or fear?
It's engaging and inventive, although the deliberately distressed video quality of the film can be hard on the eyes.
Initially jarring, the video aesthetic blends beautifully with period footage to give a smart depiction of a nation in transition. A well-deserved Oscar nominee.
[VIDEO ESSAY] Gael Garcia Bernal's television adman-turned-political-commercial-creator Rene Saavedra is such an ethically ambiguous protagonist that "No" falls completely flat as a piece of agitprop cinema.
Neatly combines political conflict with marketing satire to form a vivid look at the 1988 plebiscite that overthrew Chile's dictator Augusto Pinochet
"We have to find a product that's appealing to people!" says Garcia Bernal at one point. And that's just what Larraín's created with this Latin spin on Mad Men.
This battle and this triumph of an ad executive makes NO the first great film of 2013, and Bernal's performance the one that will be the hardest to outshine.
Director Pablo Larrain clearly wishes neither to sentimentalise the past, nor excoriate it with cynical satire; but this trepidation leaves his film feeling indecisive.
This exquisitely assembled film, driven by Larrain's pin-sharp direction and Bernal's rousing performance, turns a potentially dry subject into something uproariously funny and massively involving.
Last of a trilogy of films about Chilean politics, told through the story of an ad man using positive images to persuade voters to reject a dictator.
An often lighthearted, sometimes inspirational, but ultimately unsettling feature.
A singular biopic and a snapshot of a society renewed, No unaffectedly celebrates faith in democracy, and, surprisingly, truth in advertising.
Starring Gael Garcia Bernal, the third, fact-based panel in Larrain's political films about the Pinochet regime, is just as riveting as the previous ones.
the story of how a fascist dictator was overthrown by dopey TV commercials
A fascinating exercise in historical fill-in-the-blanks.
Tense throughout, even for history-savvy auds, but still rich in the sort of Andean-soil-black humor that made Larrain's previous work so distinctive.
"No" is an ugly looking movie - literally - for an ugly time. It's smeary, with little pictorial beauty or detail, but its anti-aesthetic is purposeful and, after your eyes stop hurting, watchable and persuasive.
Larraín has serious form, and his film is at once worthy, skilfully made and hugely entertaining.
The standout entry of the Directors' Fortnight sidebar and the closest thing to a masterpiece that I've seen so far here in Cannes.
Larrain's bizarre decision to make his film blend in with its extensive passages of archive footage by shooting in U-matic - the default TV production format of the 1980s - makes for an uncomfortable cinematic viewing experience.
The film provides a fascinating history lesson in the guise of backstage drama, honeycombed with antique-looking TV commercials full of Lycra-clad dancers and gambolling mimes.
A decisive transitional chapter in Chilean history yields an absorbing account of one country's unlikely route from oppression to democracy
A hearty celebration of hard-earned democracy spiked with just enough of the director's acidly crooked humor to remind us whose house we're in.

@highlight

No uses its history-driven storyline to offer a bit of smart, darkly funny perspective on modern democracy and human nature.