If you'd like to see a beloved classic evolved into a star-studded gem of nostalgia wrapped in the velvet yet stern mamma's voice of Lu'Pita topped off with bravery and love, pay a couple of extra dollars and see The Jungle Book.
Once the distracting songs have faded away, The Jungle Book becomes its own beast. Rather than the zaniness of the original, Favreau and screenwriter Justin Marks reach for moments of majesty.
Though not as thematically uplifting or emotionally satisfying as Cinderella, The Jungle Book is definitely in the "must see in theaters" category. And definitely in 3-D.
This movie is beautiful.
The Jungle Book is a damn good-looking movie (easily one of the best ever), but an average piece of storytelling
The Jungle Book is everything it was expected to be and so much more.
More than anything, the intricate landscaping, masterful camerawork and environment (actually filmed in Downtown Los Angeles) create a delightfully immersive experience. Heartwarming and enjoyable.
Rich, vivid and immersive, this is unlike anything you've ever seen - even surpassing the original.
In parts it's almost like a thriller, save for Disney's musical touches and Rudyard Kipling's moral additions.
Even die-hard devotees of the original will have to grudgingly acknowledge that it builds to a dramatic and well-worked law-of-the-jungle climax. In other words, it's definitely a Jungle Book movie, it's just not my Jungle Book movie.
The Jungle Book is charming from start to finish. Neel Sethi is adorable as Mowgli, and the stunning visuals are completely convincing.
The CGI is the main attraction, but Favreau never once lets the emotions or story take a backseat, thanks to the great casting.
Disney should celebrate the day they first teamed up with Jon Favreau as a national holiday.
I'm not convinced remaking The Jungle Book was absolutely necessary, but Disney's latest navel-gazing foray into its own archives delivers everything it needs to.
Parts of the new film have a goofy, happy-go-lucky charm, a throwback to the Sixties version.
Jon Favreau's adaptation of the 1967 film "The Jungle Book" melds live action with eye-popping CGI and makes an old story fresh again with a refusal to pander to its audience, regardless of age (but especially the younger viewers).
The Jungle Book is just wonderful. Better than wonderful. There's more sheer WOW!!! in this adaptation of Rudyard Kipling's classic than in a dozen superhero flicks.
A must-see spectacle.
Jon Favreau's The Jungle Book isn't just a captivating adaptation of Rudyard Kipling's classic children's novel, but has forever changed the way CGI and real world settings will be integrated in film.
A brilliant voice cast and some moments of real tension make The Jungle Book one of the must-see films of 2016 so far.
it's a thrilling, heart-warming adventure through all walks of animal (and human) life.
A fresh, entertaining and unmistakably heart-warming film which is set to become a classic in its own right.
Was a live-action remake of Disney's 1967 animated hit really necessary? No. That said, does Jon Favreau's re-interpretation make for good watching? Oh yes!
Rudyard Kipling's beloved and much-filmed story gets a new millennium makeover in the latest iteration of The Jungle Book.
This is really the pitfall of The Jungle Book. It's beautiful, adequately performed, but I've seen this film already.
Favreau's experience directing the CGI-heavy Iron Man seems to have paid dividends here, as the animation is of the highest order.
It's the very rare remake that's actually better than the original. The Jungle Book is that rarity. [Full review in Japanese]
Children will love this rippling CGI-scape, with newcomer Neel Sethi as a high-fiving Mowgli. Adults, though, will have seen it all before.
Neel Sethi made (Mowgli) feel so natural that belief was instantly suspended... even Bill Murray's Baloo couldn't upstage Mowgli - not for a lack of trying.
The Jungle Book encompasses vivid illustrations of archetypal stories, and manages to be accessible and pleasurable for children of all ages.
[The Jungle Book] stumbles because the people involved aren't willing to fully commit to either making a near-shot-for-shot remake or going in a completely different direction.
Favreau's film, virtually entirely CGI save for a human child lead, is a serviceable mix of action, computer-provided visual splendor, Disney-approved morality, and fine voice work from its star-studded cast.
Debates will rage about this kids pic's place in film history. Is it the best, or one of the best? That's the kind of a conversation that will thrill the team behind The Jungle Book.
... offers far more than the bare necessities as it combines Kipling's stories and Walt Disney's 1967 animated musical adaptation for a marvelous new version of the classic story of a boy quite literally raised by wolves.
Considering the amount of VFX heavy duds released at a constant rate, The Jungle Book is a triumph of its kind.
A beautifully-told coming of age tale with sublime visuals, aided by some of the best 3D seen since Gravity and Avatar.
Jon Favreau returns to the kid-friendly films he made earlier in his career (Elf and Zathura) and finds he still has a gift for breezy, good-looking, beautifully-paced, and well-told stories.
Favreau's take on The Jungle Book is a revelation certain to thrill audiences for many decades to come.
A lavish rehash of the 1967 Disney classic that takes computer-generated fakery to new heights.
Disney pushes forward with its live-action remakes of animated classics with The Jungle Book, a visual marvel.
Awesome jobs all-round in a blockbuster that's so, so worthy of a sequel.
The story is a classic and familiar one, but the ability the movie has to submerge its audience in both the visuals and story is a remarkable accomplishment that makes it stand out as a worthy blockbuster.
Disney's beloved story about Mowgli-the-man-cub, raised by wolves, befriended by a bear and threatened by a terrifying tiger, has been given a CGI-drenched makeover that will warm the heart of even the most cynical critic.
Interested rather in marshaling code around than providing a remotely compelling story. But you know, that code is marshaled around tremendously well.
Even though it contains a few scary moments, I think this is a movie that parents should take their elementary school-aged children to see.
Told through the amazing use of computer generation, "The Jungle Book" is very faithful to the animated film that proceeds it
It's a wonderfully immersive adventure. Come to think of it, I don't want to know how they made those creatures come to life. Why ruin the magic?
The murky, almost indecipherable action sequence that closes the proceedings confirms The Jungle Book's place as a misbegotten adaptation...
Kipling's tales get the full action-adventure treatment here, providing some thrills, though the cute-animal factor and tame storyline make it more furry family fun than a beastly tale that digs its claws right into you.
Favreau's adaptation of The Jungle Book weaves the technical into the magical, and when it's at its best, the frightening.
Alternately exhilarating and terrifying, The Jungle Book offers a hyper-realistic view of the forest as a place of natural hierarchy, unpredictable menace, and cross-species camaraderie.
This remake of the animated classic is a visual experience that you can't miss. [Full review in Spanish]
The movie is at its best when it reproduces the formal speech and respectful intent of the original stories; it's less gripping when director Jon Favreau allows the fantasy to succumb to Disney shtick...
... a new generation will absorb it cover to cover.
It doesn't treat kids like second-rate intellects, and it doesn't swing too far in the directions of Cute or Crass. As a high-adventure story ... it's 'just so.'
An efficient mix of tradition and technology that's good enough to make some money for Disney. [Full review in Spanish]
If only the story had the same persuasive command as its impeccable and strikingly realistic scenery.
Those who saw the animated version will miss the musical numbers, yet Favreau manages to create a beautiful and balanced film. [Full review in Spanish]
A loyal adaptation of a familiar story, but the unique creative vision and dramatic philosophy makes it necessary to label it 'unparalleled'
Exciting, fun, impressive and beautiful is how I can summarize The Jungle Book experience. [Full Review in Spanish]
An unusual blend lifelike imagery and otherworldly animal action. The visuals are compelling, as is the story. Kudos to director Jon Favreau (Iron Man).
The animators skillfully negotiate that delicate space between animalistic naturalism and approachable anthropomorphism.
What a heavy, mordant affair this movie is.
A visual spectacle that must be seen on 3D, plus the voice work is amazing. [Full review in Spanish]
A round film that manages to balance spectacle, humor and lots of heart. [Full review in Spanish]
Walken as an orangutan equals bliss.
No part of the production ever left the studio lot but you wouldn't know it. The density and detail of the jungle are rendered sensuously by digital effects experts.
Disney scores another victory. [Full review in Spanish]
This film is better than the average "remake", but is a repetition that no one really asked for. [Full Review in Spanish]
This is a new children's classic with genuine substance and care evident in every frame.
Favreau gives us that sense of wonder, something we so desperately desire in these days of one franchise too many. The fact that he does it in a story we all know so well is remarkable.
10/10 for 7 year olds, but while the special effects are spectacular and beautiful, it's a cartoon and how can any adult sit still through this for 2 hours? Save me from any cartoon that lasts much longer than 7 minutes.
A triumph on technique and narrative, visually stunning, with lot's of heart and in the vein of it's animated predecessor, even if it's not better than the original. [Full review in Spanish]
Very few films can be as inmersive as this one, in spite of being completely created on a computer, this crazy Jon Favreau film manages to do that and more. [Full review in Spanish]
When it comes to creating faithful screen adaptations of famous novels all while adding something fresh to the perspective, the movie conquers the summit of those challenges. Just don't expect yourself to get any closer to finding a meaning to it all.
Using remarkably photorealistic animation, this remake of the 1967 Disney classic is warm and enjoyable, with a few moments of suspense for the kids in the audience.
There are some nice comedic touches ... even if over-familiarity with the basic story means it doesn't always feel like the most vital piece of filmmaking.
Bolstered by a voice cast on top form, and punctuated with moments of thrilling action, The Jungle Book is first class family entertainment from a burgeoning master of the medium.
Though The Jungle Book largely was shot in a Los Angeles warehouse, it seriously looks like a beautiful journey through the Indian jungle. Every leaf is too real to be from a computer.
The story by itself is already atractive, but great visual spectacle and a perfect musicalization make it stick with you. [Full review in Spanish]
Jon Favreau directs with style, and Sethi is a real discovery.
It's a risky venture, remaking a much-loved Disney classic, but Jon Favreau has tackled The Jungle Book with considerable enthusiasm.
Without putting humor aside, director Jon Favreau annd screenwriter Marks have rescued this classic story and renovated it in every way possible, while also making a visual spectacle out of it. [Full review in Spanish]
This marks the beginning of a new era for Disney, but probably for the whole film industry. [Full review in Spanish]
Kipling's immortal classic gains new layers in this spectacular reinterpretation. Plus the cast of voices is simply stunning. [Full review in Spanish]
What director Jon Favreau has done here is dazzling and spectacular.
Delightful Production a Tad Scary for Young Kids
The latest incarnation of The Jungle Book -- almost half a century after Disney's much-loved musical cartoon -- is a stunner.
The Jungle Book is filled with some harsh life lessons, and to Favreau's credit he doesn't shy-away from the darker elements; so though there are lovely, cuddly Disney moments, there's also a decent amount of grit and realism.
despite the manufactured world in which it takes place, Favreau is able to sell the drama and the interpersonal (or interanimal) connections
Whilst the scarcity of originality in the film industry remains an issue, it's films like this that remind us of the potential every film has to at least have a refreshing and different take on its subject, even if the subject has been done before.
Full of energy, efficient, fresh and imaginative as well as respectfull to the source material. [Full review in Spanish]
This new adaptation of Kipling's classic makes full use of the technological advances of the time to become a substantial and captivating film. [Full review in Spanish]
A mild yet wild piece of family entertainment.
A rousing adventure set in the Indian jungle about a boy's quest to discover where he belongs.
An exceptionally beautiful film that cannot be missed on the big screen. [Full review in Spanish]
So dazzling it could give "remakes" a good name.
Jon Favreau's attempt is distinguished by some truly spectacular CG animated visuals, a cast of fine star vocalists and a not-too-heavy-handed environmental message replacing Rudyard's racist subtexts.
The most scintillating character is the jungle itself -- a massive set enhanced by fabulous visual effects that throbs with beauty, risk, danger and grace.
Wonderfully told and gorgeous to look at, The Jungle Book is not only a marvellous technical achievement in filmmaking, but a commendable and surprising achievement in storytelling.
A weird movie that wants for so much realism, including the most photorealistic CG talking animals we've ever seen, when there's nothing real about talking animals, period.
Despite the hollowness, it's easy to roll with the beauty
One of the best adventure films in recent memory. [Full review in Spanish]
Everytime you think the movie can't surprise you more, something even more stunning happens to leave you breathless. [Full review in Spanish]
A new masterpiece of artful visual effects.
...The Jungle Book has been the most technologically advanced and fun so far. Favreau has shown that he can make CGI look beautiful and real instead of fake and stiff.
Clean, cleverly judged, and hypercontrolled. It represents, in short, the state of the art. Without disputing that, I would simply ask, What art?
The Jungle Book is a visually impressive adventure. Idris Elba and Bill Murray are utterly tremendous in their roles, but the film drags in between Shere Khan's pursuit of Mowgli as the film's visual flair and enticing charm wears off too quickly.
Thrilling and visually dazzling, but lacks the book's heart and soul.
Jon Favreau has turned a delightful 50 year old disney 'toon into a live action visual marvel of CGI that merges technology with heart and soul.
This remake awakens the imagination with visually-stunning sequences and an emotionally-driven story.
If the movie is barely necessary, that doesn't negate its computer-generated pleasures or the presence of Bill Murray, who continues to be great at being Bill Murray.
The memories from time past are CGI'd into oblivion.
This new Jungle Book, upon closer inspection, may not have what it takes to survive. Still, right now, it looks wonderfully fit.
A treat for all ages.
This is technology with a heart and soul and used in a way that enhances the storytelling to create a grand family adventure.
It all adds up to a hugely likable romp which respects the legacies of both Rudyard Kipling and the House of Mouse, and gives modern audiences ample reason to rejoice in both. Hooray!
The Jungle Book is well-made and deserves recognition as one of the year's best family offerings (thus far).
Somehow Favreau has created a fresh, vibrant new version of the same story, one that is wonderfully emotional and stunningly beautiful.
A thrilling story full of exciting action, heartfelt emotion, outstanding 3D visual effects with one of the scariest villains to prowl across a movie screen make The Jungle Book one of Disney's best live action films.
Jon "Iron Man" Favreau proves emphatically there's no bungle in his "Jungle" -- just laughs, tears and overwhelming warmth for the talkative critters who inhabit it.
By the time its evolution is complete, The Jungle Book has proven itself a minor Darwinian miracle, perhaps the oddest of all species: a movie nearly devoid of human beings, yet one bursting with humanity.
In much the same manner as Kenneth Branagh's enchanting Cinderella last year, director Jon Favreau and scripter Justin Marks have crafted a film that manages to pay tribute both to the original tale as well as its animated adaptation.
This Disney live-action adaptation of Rudyard Kipling's The Jungle Book (1894) is upbeat, tasteful and well-crafted.
Most of the real world challenges that Leo DiCaprio faced in The Revenant, 10-year-old Neel Sethi faces plenty persuasively in The Jungle Book's digitized world.
Not nearly so cuddly as [Disney's] beloved 1967 animated classic, but a spectacularly entertaining family film in its own right.
A fine companion piece to the Disney animated film and a treat for older children who may have outgrown such a candy-colored predecessor.
Favreau's reinvention of a beloved '60s classic... delightfully entertaining... bordering on perfection...
It sticks to the middle of the road, with a dash of danger from the novel and the jaunty feel-good vibe from the '60s.
Simply put, The Jungle Book 2016 is a real swinging time in the jungle.
Swinging into theaters, 'The Jungle Book' is almost as lively and animated as Walt's cartoon classic.
It's fair to say the The Jungle Book fully delivers on both sides of the expectative created: It will satisfy fans of Disney's animated classic and please those who are only looking great visual spectacle. [Full Review in Spanish]
Director Jon Favreau fills it with so many memorable moments that Bill Murray/Baloo's terrific warbling of "The Bare Necessities" almost becomes a footnote in a movie simply swarming with pitch-perfect and major celebrity voices.
An absolutely awesome treat, particularly in 3D!
The steroidal approach is pretty scary at times, but the movie is well-made and some of the voices (especially Bill Murray as Baloo) are fun.
On the whole, The Jungle Book is remarkably effective, a canny update of a Disney classic utilizing the best digital storytelling the industry has to offer.
Where this Jungle Book really soars is the computer animation of the animals and their jungle surroundings... That visual splendor ultimately puts this Jungle Book far above its predecessor.
It's all very nicely done, but just a little bit joyless.
The Jungle Book is one of the most effective blends of computer-generated imagery and live action in recent memory.
Where the level of technology in The Jungle Book has historically been used for maximizing the wow factor in Michael Bay explosion-packed action flicks, Favreau makes the case for special effects that actually affect.
The Jungle Book is kinda awesome.
The Jungle Book is undoubtedly the best Disney live-action adaptation to date.
Disney's vibrant 'Jungle Book' a visual delight.
Charming, funny and highly entertaining.
This one has moments of undeniable splendor, but it hasn't uncovered enough new material in the stories to really justify the effort.
The computer-made anamorphic animals -- Mowgli's wolf family and best friends bear and black panther, and his enemies the tiger and python -- are astonishingly fur-and-blood real.
It needs to be seen on the big screen, and the biggest and the best screen possible. This movie is why we have movie theaters.
The computer-generated effects are extraordinary; the jungle and its menagerie of beasts and critters looks positively lifelike.
The Jungle Book is magnificent - honoring its literary and animated roots with thrilling action, groundbreaking effects, and heart-warming drama.
A spectacular adventure that keeps the heart of the story intact while making us have a good time. [Full review in Spanish]
The film captures the spirit of the lessons about human nature planted in the original book. [Full review in Spanish]
It's entertaining, but also suitably surreal: A fever dream from childhood where dark forces lurk in the blurred edges of the frame, but don't always manifest in the way you imagine.
Tyger, Tyger, burning bright indeed. Elba's voice work is one for the ages. Marvelously cast and visually lush.
Set in the most immersive fictional world the movies have seen since "Avatar" (2009), Jon Favreau's "The Jungle Book," an update of Disney's 1967 animated favorite, is an instant classic.
Fangs and fur fly in visually dazzling but intense update.
Disney is embarking on a new golden age.
The movie is an odd beast: A powerful exploration of the cruelty of nature in which the animals occasionally break into song.
Just the bare necessities.
Jon Favreau's "The Jungle Book" is an exquisite movie-going experience --- his combination of live action and CG is breathtaking to behold.
Favreau has masterminded a film destined to be a classic, something moviegoers will clamor to see again and again.
Those visuals, though. You will spend half this movie wondering what is real and what isn't while marveling at the individual hairs on Baloo's back or how Baheera moves perfectly or how the fat on King Louie is disturbingly realistic.
With an impeccable mix of live action, CGI and a stampede of adventure, "The Jungle Book" proves Disney is once again king of the jungle.
A fun-for-all-the-family film, but with retractable claws.
This could have been a bald cash grab. Instead, The Jungle Book is an instant classic.
Favreau turns out to be the ideal director as he's used to dealing with special effects, while presenting the characters as something more that just tricks for the camera.
...a movie that families can enjoy and cherish.
Gorgeous, inspiring filmmaking -- an instant family classic.
A thrilling, frightening series of chases, battles and characters facing the ultimate demise at every turn. Then, they sing The Bare Necessities.
The story has never been more captivating.
A visually stunning and highly dramatic movie that pays only brief homage to the music of its predecessor and whose threatening characters and scary moments would surely have given Walt the heebie-jeebies.
A film that will be celebrated, and rightly so, as one of the year's best family films. It's the rare remake that gets things right, and Favreau makes this "Book" a genuine page-turner.
The reason to go see Favreau's The Jungle Book, instead of just watching the animated one with your cubs, is how gorgeous the jungle looks.
Is it an improvement on Walt Disney's original? Yes, yes it is.
With a screenplay that actually added dimension to the familiar characters instead of just giving them more things to say, this could have been a massive achievement instead of just a good one.
It's one of the few films in which the 3D enhancement is justified. Each scene captures the essence of each animal so vividly that children in the audience were reaching out to the screen to try to "touch" the fur.
Magical filmmaking and the new definitive work of Favreau's career.
It's hard to imagine a film that can do justice to Kipling's story better than Favreau's "The Jungle Book" has done.
Overall, "The Jungle Book" is enjoyable. But, it would have been better if - like last year's live-action "Cinderella" - it had downplayed the animated aspects of its earlier incarnation.
Director Jon Favreau sure doesn't monkey around: The pacing is sure-footed, Mowgli's big faceoff against Shere Khan is exciting, and the story goes straight to the heart.
The Jungle Book gives more than the bare necessities when it comes to the elements that make a movie special.
Mr Kipling would be exceedingly pleased.
The combination of live action and computer-generated imagery works an absolute treat, and director Jon Favreau (whose eclectic CV includes Iron Man and Chef, in which he also starred) teases a nigh-on perfect performance from young Neel Sethi.
Wonderful to look at, this is a more adult, more complex affair than its animated, and more entertaining, forebear. Still, it's Disney's best live-action adaptation yet.
An unnecessary sequel that becomes a perfect homage to the animated classic. [Full review in Spanish]
"The Jungle Book" is the kind of family film calculated to make even those without families wish they had one to take along.
The new Jungle Book proves movie technology still has the power to create a sense of wonder.
The real jungle may be a fragile place full of endangered species, but in the eyes of a man-cub it is everything, encompassing heaven and hell in equal measure. That's a wide and appealing canvas for a director. No need to colour outside the lines.
The plot is episodic, sewing together several tales by Rudyard Kipling, yet Favreau skillfully covers up the seams by increasing the pressure from Shere Khan.
Studios are in the recycling business, and while this "The Jungle Book" is lightly diverting, it is also disappointing, partly because it feels like a pumped-up version of Disney's 1967 animated film, with more action and less sweetness.
This is a match made in movie heaven, given that the critters in Kipling's stories speak and behave like human beings, perfectly suited to Disney's anthropomorphic tradition of walking and talking animals, which began with Mickey Mouse.
The film itself is technically innovative while also being thoroughly, satisfyingly traditional.
Near seamless in its reproduction of the mythical Indian jungle of Rudyard Kipling's 19th century stories on Hollywood sound stages and hard drives, Disney's latest take on The Jungle Book has a sense of momentum that mostly succeeds.
Boasting stunning photorealistic CGI, the 3-D visual effects are nothing short of incredible. Right down to the droplets of water nestling in the animals' fur, every detail is perfect.
Walt Disney Studios' splendid new version of The Jungle Book is utterly charming, absolutely gorgeous and perhaps too terrifying for the youngest and most impressionable children.
Though darker in tone, and more suitable for older kids, Disney's new take retains the undeniably fun spirit of the earlier film.
Favreau has proved he can make big studio contraptions seem warm and nearly human - he's the Baloo of filmmakers - and the great strength of this "Jungle Book" is how busy it is with personalities and incident.
The latest attempt to bring Rudyard Kipling's Mowgli to the screen is a triumph - a painstakingly crafted digital 3D movie whose astonishing visual effects are complemented by very sure-footed storytelling and tremendous voice-work.
It's dazzling - almost no one will dislike it. Its director, Jon Favreau, knows his audience, and he has enough skill and honest enthusiasm to win over all but the most determined skeptics.
For all but the most timid of moviegoers, this live-action revival of The Jungle Book serves cherished memories, while offering much more than just the bare necessities of entertainment.
Disney's return to the jungle is lovingly executed, emotional and exciting, with eye-boggling effects and fully engaged voice-work. Bears and original Book-lovers can rest at ease.
Favreau's Jungle Book fills us with something rare in movies today - a sense of wonder.
This is a gorgeous, sweeping entertainment that combines the epic - a rain-whipped ascent through muddy hills is particularly awe-inspiring - with the intimate and the offbeat.
[A] remarkable film achievement. It's visually breathtaking, emotionally thrilling... [T]he best Disney live action adaptation...
The film creates a clear sense of right and wrong; violence and greed are blinding forces that threaten a delicate balance upon which all depend.
The new production, computer-animated except for a living, breathing boy at the center of the action, isn't pretty or sweet but utterly stunning, as well as very funny.
The Jungle Book could be a much tighter movie, both narratively and thematically, and yet emotionally, it has a lot of heart.
The real question, as for any remake, is simple: does it hold up? In the case of this Jungle Book... yes, and yes against all odds,
You won't care it's been done before, because it's never been done like this.
Jungle Book merges these astonishing visuals with classic Disney story conventions to create a movie that stands on its own achievements, while paying musical homage to Disney's 1967 original Jungle Book.
Disney's return to the story of The Jungle Book might feel bigger and look better than anything that's come before, but at its core is a very human tale that resonates just as strongly no matter how spectacular its visual wrappings.
Although its stumbles are odd and baffling, "The Jungle Book" approaches greatness often enough to be worthwhile.
It is a banquet of storytelling delicacy, exciting light drama, athletic action and computer-generated imagery that is more hyper-real than real. After every delicious scene, I wanted seconds.
With its combination of state-of-the-art technology and old-school charm, "The Jungle Book" should thrill children and adults alike.
It all works well enough, despite the hiccups and especially as a marker of where CG technology is at the moment.
After two outdated live action and one beloved animated versions, director Jon Favreau crafts a marvelous hybrid, practically a one-boy show with CGI animal-ated realism. This Jungle Book on screen may look exactly as Kipling imagined.
You will believe that animals can talk. Director Jon Favreau...has conquered the artificiality of CGI with a team of artists who have recreated an environment and its animals with startling realism.
The Jungle Book is one of the stronger of Disney's live-action adaptations. It's a true family-friendly adventure that's smart and often thrilling.
It's hard to see any of the Disney remakes as standalone experiences, not living in the shadow of classics. This atmospheric, evocative, and above all, powerful Jungle Book at least makes an effort to come out of those shadows.
A pretty conventional if consistently engaging boy's adventure story [that's] a breathtaking visual feast.
This story is a new look at a narrative that was already ancient when Kipling wrote 12 decades ago.
Like all classic Disney productions, "The Jungle Book" possesses its share of fear, suffering and loss. But somehow the audience comes out whistling - in this case, with joy and quite a bit of awe.
This Jungle Book works, because Favreau has both a sense of humor and a sense of spectacle.
Wow. Just, wow.
Through it all - action set-pieces, eco-subplots, a few frights - Favreau drives the plot like a man with a machete, clearing the way for us to be swept along, dazzled, delighted.
With this outstanding upgrade to yet another childhood classic, Kipling still gets a writing credit, but Disney--as it usually does--again gets the final word.
Engaging and entertaining from start to finish. (Full Content Review for Parents - Violence, Scary Stuff, etc. - Also Available)
Old-fashioned in the best sense, full of wonderful spectacle, charm, and heart.
Disney surely has a hit on their hands here, but there is room for improvement in the Jungle Book universe.
Employing some of the most photorealistic computer-generated visual effects ever put to film, "The Jungle Book" creates a fantastic world alive with all the wonder and possibility one's imagination is capable.
Talking animals have never looked so good, which is a bigger feat than it sounds.
It's amazing to think that throughout this nearly two-hour film, there is just one flesh-and-blood character who spends more than a few seconds on screen, and he's arguably among the least defined.
Favreau's fundamental decency and relatively light touch serve him well. He has a knack for straight-ahead pacing and for tightening the screws (the movie is 81 percent life-and-death peril and 19 percent comic relief) without being maniacal about it.
The film moves us swiftly from one breathtaking scene to another: a dramatic mudslide; a climb up a near-vertical rock face (by a bear who'd really rather take a nap); a fairy-tale-misty lagoon, where water blends seamlessly with sky.
Goes right up to the bleeding edge of cinema to tell a story that is strapping yet simple, and hugely appealing. Disney found a good reason to redo an old film.
The tone is an awkward mix of savage jungle naturalism and cuddly animal antics, and it only confuses things further when the filmmakers throw in a couple of songs from the original movie.
Such is the immediacy and authenticity of The Jungle Book's spellbinding imagery that you barely notice the storytelling never quite comes together in the same satisfying way.
Stunning animation and big-screen thrills, but be warned that this is a much scarier movie than the animated 1967 version.
The Jungle Book is a visually stunning adventure film.
Disney did pretty much everything right here. Favreau and screenwriter Justin Marks created a winning foundation, and Disney certainly cast the right voice actors.
While cartoon panthers, bears and orangutans singing, dancing and fighting is the stuff of pure joy, watching lifelike animals do the same thing isn't nearly as pleasurable.
The Jungle Book is one of those rare beasts; a loving update to an enduring tale that actually works.
The point where it breaks loose is when the movie shifts mood and tone in order to reprise the cheesy pop songs from the 1967 animated film. Way to renew copyright, Disney!
'The Jungle Book' transports you back to childhood games surrounded by a photo-reality that commands awe with every frame.
A dazzling, charming and utterly immersive 3-D experience, it's sure to capture the imagination of moviegoers of all ages.
There were times during The Jungle Book when I was rooting for the tiger.
The second film in a row from Jon Favreau that makes me want to hug the director.
Jon Favreau draws heavily on his film's animated predecessor for plot, characterizations, songs, and set pieces, but doesn't know how to fit these familiar elements into his own coherent vision.
It's warm in spurts, intermittently humorous, but always eye candy, creating a successful new take on old material.
The Jungle Book features some of the more astounding visuals in recent film. For a film that's overwhelmingly digital, there's a remarkably tactile quality to so many of the film's setpieces.
The better these talking beasts look, the more the film resembles a gorgeous screen saver. You admire The Jungle Book, but you can't lose yourself in it.
This remake's technical miracles are so impressive that, oddly enough, they end up being almost negligible, lost in a sea of confused decisions.
Favreau has crafted a movie that, contrary to the fears of Disney purists, in no way betrays Uncle Walt's vision. Rather, it honors it -- and even enhances it.
The four-legged stars are more Discovery Channel than Disney Channel but it's the old school art of voice casting that makes this astonishing spectacle really sing.
Disney's latest take on "The Jungle Book" has the bare necessities, but not much more.
Favreau and Marks have obviously put some thought into the film's visual approach and the messages...: the animal kingdom's unexpected threats and opportunities...the work Mowgli puts in to come of age...his casual kindheartedness...
It's the first talking-animal movie I've seen where CGI seamlessly bridges the uncanny gap between fantasy and reality. It's also one of the few 3-D movies that actually benefits from being in 3-D.
Bill Murray's Baloo is the best part of the film. The end credits are amazing, It takes a little while to get things going, but when it starts, the movie flies by itself. [Full review in Spanish]
The Jungle Book is the kind of awe-inspiring experience that turns children into cinephiles, who remember the first time a movie made them feel something more than fleeting entertainment.
Thanks to director Jon Favreau's visionary guidance and some of the most impressive blends of live-action and CGI we've yet seen, The Jungle Book is a beautifully rendered, visually arresting take on Rudyard Kipling's oft-filmed tales.
Disney's The Jungle Book, is Favreau's masterpiece.
Doesn't try to be anything more than a well-known story retold simply, but we're reminded even a painfully familiar tale can, when done right, still bring the magic.
Its visuals are so undeniably convincing and intricate that the sheer wonder of how they achieved any of this will be enough to distract -- from the story's missteps and even the film itself.
At its best in moments of visual splendor.
Disney's 'The Jungle Book' is an incredible cinematic experience that will dazzle children and adults.
The story of this film is its consummate technical achievement.
The Jungle Book manages to take an old story, presented in a traditional, earnest way, and still make it feel fresh and exciting.
If only all blockbusters could be this exciting, engrossing, and beautiful.
The film is never content to use our affection for its voice actors as a storytelling crutch. These are strong, simple, clearly motivated characters, not movie star cameos wrapped in CGI fur.
A terrifically enjoyable piece of old-fashioned storytelling and a beautiful-looking film: spectacular, exciting, funny and fun.
Elba's villainous and calculated turn stands up there proudly with the Jeremy Irons' ("The Lion King") and Pat Carroll's ("The Little Mermaid") as one of the best ever witnessed for a Disney villain.
It's a remake that honours the original and makes its own way.
A film for the whole family that has slapstick comedy to powerful messages. [Full review in Spanish]
Go see it on theatres, this is a magical experience that might get lost on your computer or tv screen. [Full review in Spanish]
It's the feel good cinematic experience for the whole family. [Full review in Spanish]
The storytelling is as immersive as the technology.
Favreau has achieved the near impossible, managing to stay true to both Kipling's tales and Disney's revered 1967 animation, while offering something entirely new.
There are so many wonderful scenes.
Disney's live-action reimagining of The Jungle Book might not be quite as small-child-friendly as the 1967 animated version, but it is still a solid family movie.
The art and the story are so intertwined, it would be wrong to sing the virtues of one without praising the other.
The visual display in this film surpasses by much what Kipling had in mind... and Disney too for that matter. [Full review in Spanish]
An immersive, visually breathtaking family adventure and a welcome addition to Disney's new spate of live-action reimaginings.
It's a perfect mesh of subject matter and special effects ... by and large it is a beauty to behold.
This is one of those rare moments when a remake can be called a complete success.
Forget about your worries - this is the jungle VIP.
A fresh, entertaining and unmistakably heart-warming film which is set to become a classic in its own right.
As if the bedrock of Kipling has been infused with the gorgeous textures of a Graeme Base illustration.
Diversity rules - and Donald Trump's wall-favouring immigration policy drools - in Jon Favreau's timely update of Rudyard Kipling's The Jungle Book.
'The Jungle Book' is a remarkable achievement and yet more reason to be optimistic about Disney's "turn an animated classic into a live-action feature" sub-genre.
Shot beautifully, and with a fantastic sense of wonder within the world being created, which translates to big-screen magic
The film could have easily passed muster as a dry technical showcase, but Favreau gives it real analogue earth-under-the-fingernails charm.
A storybook come to life with the essence of old school Disney and digital effects that open a new chapter in cinematic enchantment.
Might lack the post-vaudeville razzamatazz of its predecessor, but director Jon Favreau and a team of effects wizards plunge us into one of the big screen's most engrossing artificial worlds since Avatar.
Visually stunning and entirely engaging.
Jon Favreau brings a welcome lightness of touch to this visually immersive adventure story.
[A] faithful but fun movie [that should] still appeal to families ...
Idris Elba's Shere Khan is the best villain of the year so far.
A landmark effects film, maybe the most unnerving one since Forrest Gump erased the idea of archival footage being trustworthy

@highlight

As lovely to behold as it is engrossing to watch, The Jungle Book is the rare remake that actually improves upon its predecessors -- all while setting a new standard for CGI.