There's much in Jones worth seeing and considering-for those who can stomach the war violence.
The interrelations between characters may be superficial and there's a  wearisome didactic element, but this new film contains some powerful  scenes...Free State doesn't fail to generate interest, even if it lacks any cinematic distinction.
Director Gary Ross treats the movie like a glorified history lesson complete with shockingly amateur and inept filmmaking decisions at every corner
A tad too long and tad too inconsistent, the only respectability that Free State Of Jones retains is thanks to Matthew McConaughey's performance.
It's a potentially fascinating piece of Americana but McConaughey gives one of his vainer, more posturing performances in a film that eventually outstays its welcome.
Free State of Jones is too boring to be bad in an interesting way and too infuriating to be bad in a fun way. It can best be summed up in four words: Whitesplaining the Civil War.
What does not play so true is the production value of Free State of Jones. So often the acting and enacting are wooden, the make-up a few smears of mud on a face. The film could have used subtitles.
Essentially, it's a messy movie about an even messier stretch of ugly American history that would've fared better as a prestige miniseries.
Free State of Jones contains so much story that it might have been better served in a longer format. But as it is, the film is a mess.
The picture is, if nothing else, a fascinating historical footnote. Major kudos to McConaughey for using his post-Oscar clout - and for having the courage (and the ego) - to bring this little-known story to light.
While all the performances are solid, there's too much of a distance from the setting of the story to truly create an immersive experience between the audience and the film.
Free State of Jones is a worthy experience, both instructive and provocative -- a lot of what goes on here is starting to look too familiar for comfort.
McConaughey plays Newton Knight in one key, the key of righteous indignation, just what the story calls for.
It's a plodding and dry story that feels like something only a History Channel-addicted dad could love. And it's surprising how bad it is given the players.
A must for Civil War buffs, Free State of Jones is a ripping fictionalised drama about true events long hidden from history's spotlight.
Absolutely nothing but a history lesson, presented in what feel like deliberately uncinematic terms.
Anyone visiting Free State of Jones merely hoping to learn more about an interesting anti-slavery rebellion will likely come away sated, but those looking for an exciting, vital piece of filmmaking will have to wait for another opportunity.
By covering so many events in one go, Ross's episodic and exhausting history lesson wastes the remarkable story of Knight's wartime escapades.
A surprisingly enlightening film.
This is textbook filmmaking, and that's the problem. It literally plays out like some history book edition lacking any cinematic panache.
Free State of Jones stars Matthew McConaughey, with his smooth Southern lilt and cool demeanour, as Newton Knight, a battle-weary Confederate soldier who deserts, deciding that he no longer wants to fight for the rights of slave owners.
Not the story we want, perhaps, but one we need, told straight.
The story and performances carry a film that history buffs should enjoy.
McConaughey gives a stereotypically intense - cough, slightly worthy, cough - performance but Mahershala Ali steals the show with his dignified, quiet turn as slave Moses Washington.
A fascinating and genuinely important period in American history is underserved here by an inelegant structure and unwieldy running time.
Free State Of Jones is an American Civil War-era saga that would surely have worked better as a box set TV drama than as a feature film. There is just too much information to pack in.
Since its true story is still so timely after some 150 years, we can forgive this film for being somewhat dull in the way the events are recounted.
Ultimately, the film tries to try to do too much and as such loses its impact.
A biblically bewhiskered, burning-eyed McConaughey rises to the occasion, inspiring his compatriots with fluent rhetoric which is all the more persuasive for being delivered in the actor's mellifluous, musical Southern tones.
Although the film feels a little disjointed and confusing at times, the blend of a great story and McConaughey's on-screen dominance (he's in virtually every scene bar the flash forwards) makes this a compelling couple of hours.
It's dramatically compelling and sensitive to the racial complications of the era.
A great story, galumphingly told.
Rarely have I so wanted a film to finish, with so little evidence that it was about to oblige.
The film too rarely confronts Knight with the vital difference between his predicament and theirs. It's guilty of sanctifying his struggle, and sidelining the people whose future it was for.
There's a compelling story in here somewhere, but it's buried under a mountain of moral grandstanding and white guilt.
As multiplex-bound awards bait, stillness and seriousness just aren't in this film's blood.
McConaughey - having risen from the ashes of many a rubbish romantic comedy in the noughties - here again demonstrates the kind of deeply dug intensity that can elevate a merely average film to greater heights.
The film would have been stronger if Ross had focussed on one aspect of the life of Newton - whose piety is never questioned - instead of trying to cram most of it into feature length.
It sounds the kind of story that should fire the blood and excite great passion but it is workmanlike and too worthy for its own good.
It's a movie that with enormous confidence operates outside the traditional story arc.
McConaughey brings more gravitas and intensity to the role than the role probably deserves. But what he can't bring is complexity, as there is none.
As flawed as it certainly is, Free State of Jones still remains a worthwhile investment of anyone's time.
Too long, arduous, lecturey and patience-testing for even the all-new Matthew McConaughey to rescue.
After a visceral opening battle, endless speeches dull good intentions, and the characters lack depth.
McConaughey conjures, and Ross extracts, a haunted and complex performance, honed with dexterity, restraint and relayed with finesse.
Free State of Jones is a bumpy, imperfect tale of a troubling time in U.S. history, but it doesn't burn with the urgency of say, 12 Years a Slave or Selma.
Ross manages the similarly rustic set-pieces with considerable visceral style, helped by McConaughey's haunted, intense presence.
I've never walked out of a movie in my life (and I saw City of Angels in theatres!), but if I weren't reviewing this I would have been out.
A deserving and instructive film, that even though is too stuck to historic and biographic data, it's entertaining. [Full review in Spanish]
A harsh issue such as racism requires more guts and daring. [Full review in Spanish]
A sincere film that manages to avoid the stigma of being another homage to the savior of slaves. [Full review in Spanish]
A film with an amazing staging and great performances. [Full review in Spanish]
This rich piece of civil war history has become oddly desiccated.
Matthew McConaughey is at his charismatic and compelling best
A gripping drama about a lesser known aspect of the civil war, with McConaughey as unknowable and absorbing as we have come to expect.
Clearly, the film has been a labour of love for Ross. I just wish a little more of his passion had found its way on to the screen.
The historical drama Free State of Jones isn't everything it might have been, but it tells a good story, and that's half the battle.
McConaughey nails his difficult role with ease. The actor not only delivers a vital portrait of a man of honour, but also a portrait of an impulsive and ornery man who was sometimes his own worst enemy.
Impassioned and brave, Free State Of Jones is a towering piece of leftist American cinema...
The bloody, brutal American Civil War continues to be the source for some exceptional stories, interesting both historically and socially, and like this one, with a very long tail
A well made movie but the only problem about it is its length. [Full review in Spanish]
A film made for fans of the main actor and for those who love history lessons. [Full review in Spanish]
An interesting and a sometimes moving historical drama which tells the true story of a remarkable character, but fails to offer the weight or the cinematic grandeur needed to tell it right.
The real problem with Free State of Jones isn't that it plays like a dull history special, but how it tells its story with ignorance and colorblindness.
An airless history lesson whose educational value doesn't outweigh its aimlessness.
If there's one underlying unifying theme [here], it's this: 'How do white men feel about racism, and how does it affect them?' This is very low down on the list of concerns about racism...
It still doesn't leave an indelible impression or stir any heartfelt emotions. And that's truly sad and a waste of a talented cast.
Horror of war and the fight for freedom combine in sometimes-rousing history lesson.
A better film would have muddled the clean white-savior narrative with an actual exploration of what the racial politics of a mixed-race insurgency in the South might have been like.
I give Gary Ross a lot of credit for doing a lot of research and being so dedicated to bringing this story to the screen. This film is a good history lesson, but as a screen drama, it doesn't quite work.
Go ahead and dedicate 139 minutes of your life to The Free State of Jones. There are absolutely redeeming elements.
McConaughey Brings History to Life
The film has all the makings of a fascinating drama but the half-baked plot turns [out] to be too problematic.
Ultimately, this is a noble effort that fizzles out long before it ends.
It's a true story, with political and racial ramifications well into the 20th century, and McConaughey and Mbatha-Raw are ideally cast. So much for the plus-side of this disjointed, lifeless movie.
Whatever principles Newton Knight once pursued, and however noble Gary Ross' revisionist history might be, Free State of Jones leaves unresolved-and worse, unasked-a series of vital questions.
It's a true epic that should sit alongside films like Glory.
The problem is, almost every "journey" McConaughey takes feels like it is being told from a different directorial approach, but there's no logic in how all these tie together
There's a good history lesson here, along with the hero turn, and thankfully it's not totally covered up by the Hollywoodization of the subject matter.
It certainly looks and sounds right, and probably smells right too -- these gunky Mississippi battles and unwashed soldiers feel authentic. The problem, as with McConaughey's performance, is that you always do feel it.
Knight's legend has a lot of cinematic juice -- it's just a shame it's been distilled down into dull, preachy melodrama.
This may be one of the most honest American films about slavery, the Civil War and Reconstruction ever made.
Brilliant film-making combined with historical accuracy. Pay no attention to the "Rotten" reviews here. As someone who has written 25 articles on the Civil War, I consider this the final word on racism's vicious legacy and how good men fought it.
This 'Braveheart'-like reenactment of a Civil War uprising by a swamp-squatting commune of poor whites and escaped slaves, led by proto-socialist Newton Knight, is rather good.
A Southern farmer and believer in armed rebellion raises a small army and becomes a formidable freedom fighter.
An overdue history lesson about an important chapter in America's long march to freedom.
If you think you know 19th century American history, think again. This drama reveals the sordid truth about the so-called Reconstruction Era in Mississippi.
The director and screenwriter Gary Ross illuminates immense historical spans with the true story of one man's revolt during the Civil War.
Free State of Jones is a fitful product of mutual "jonesing around."
While "Free State of Jones" offers some action, it is woefully bogged down in simple and clichéd bromides about freedom and equality.
Given the degree to which it bungles its information, perhaps this is the one time when it's perfectly acceptable to shoot the messenger.
A suppressed US history of guerrilla warfare rural revolution reignited now by Occupy, Black Lives Matter, and youth in economic crisis fueling the emerging rebel impulses defying the current election. Intimating as well the roots of Dem election rigging.
...feels like a cross between an illustrated lecture and a television miniseries edited severely for a theatrical release.
Free State of Jones" indulges in too many well-meaning liberal impulses, but it's compelling and admirably fact-based.
Ross bit off more than he can chew... the story lolls and wallows in wartime violence and the rebellion, then rushes through the horrors and trauma of Reconstruction.
A harrowing, illuminating portrayal of a time in American history that I frankly did not learn in school. It's the perfect illustration of how there's always a fight at every point in history, no matter how much progress we think we've made.
Some explosive action sequences and a dynamic performance by Matthew McConaughey elevate this long, but interesting, cinematic piece of Civil War history.
A glossy picturebook recollection of an important man who did something really important - we kind of know who and sort of know what. But forget about understanding why.
'Free State of Jones' is, on a surface level, perfectly acceptable: handsomely mounted, reasonably well-executed, sensitively acted. But at the service of what?
McConaughey unleashes that thousand-yard stare, and we wait for someone to say, "I am Spartacus." A misguided misfire.
A Civil War rebellion becomes an enervating movie by Gary Ross.
As inherently astonishing and powerful as this little-known episode is, it has not been well-served by Ross' lumpy, ill-conceived script, which ends up wasting Matthew McConaughey's terrific lead performance and other strong acting contributions.
Civil War drama is eye-opening, brutal, overlong.
Free State of Jones is well-crafted and tells a worthwhile story, but makes for a better history lesson than moviegoing experience.
It's a powerful story but, as written and directed by Gary Ross, it has a by-the-books straightforwardness that sacrifices nuance for homiletics.
Free State of Jones is a gritty, well purposed Civil War drama. The approach is heavy handed and preachy, but the film has a mountain of substance to deliver.
It's just what happens when Americans make movies about the Civil War: They fall over themselves to make it feel holy, definitive, important, something akin to religion.
Free State of Jones features a handful of moderately powerful moments that don't add up to a powerful overall experience.
Supposedly a "true" story. While debate rages, the movie is pretty good and it's an interesting view of the Civil War from people who thought everyone ought to be free.
Matthew McConaughey is so virtuous in Free State of Jones he can even make adultery seem really cool!
A powerful performance by Matthew McConaughey and an earnest urgency drive the fact-based story... alas, those good qualities are undermined by a confused and overlong script.
Much of the material feels shortchanged and not given its cinematic due. (Full Content Review for Parents - Violence, Profanity, etc. - Also Available)
It works best when it dips into documentary with dramatic reenactments. But the odd tone of the film that vacillates between traditional narrative story-telling and historical nonfiction will be jarring to some viewers.
Yes, Free State of Jones is messy, but so, too, is the past -- and, for that matter, the present.
Instead of captivating us with swagger, McConaughey chooses to go grim and dogged. Director Ross does the same.
Call it a civil bore.
Mixing elements from documentaries, biopics, war flicks, and Hallmark romances, Ross' film is a living history tour, but with gory special effects and a smoldering smattering of sex appeal.
Evocatively conveys the hardscrabble lives, the literal and spiritual grit, the desperation and conviction it inspires.
The audience simply watches as things unfold in lackadaisical fashion and waits for Newt's next speech about right and wrong.
I don't feel qualified, as a non-historian, to weigh Free State of Jones's merits in terms of accuracy or fairness. But as a moviegoer, the film teases a rich and varied meal -- only to ultimately give us the same old meat and potatoes.
In the film's second half, as the war ends and Reconstruction begins, the narrative flow falls apart as Ross resorts to title-card historical markers and a 1940s subplot involving one of Knight's descendants.
If you think a thick, juicy slab of Civil War history can't be boiled down to 145 minutes of speechifying, stultifying cinema, then grab a seat. Even McConaughey is sucked dry of his usual acting panache.
The Civil War and reconstruction were messy, and Free State of Jones wants to tackle it all. In the end, it's too much for any one film to handle compellingly with such specificity.
The ponderous 140-minute runtime begins to feel like a week-long miniseries on The History Channel.
The movie's visceral battle scenes feature some of the bloodiest cinematic carnage since "Saving Private Ryan."
Ross' well-intentioned film gets off to an intense and absorbing start, but halfway through he loses the grip on his story and it all becomes a unmoored, overreaching mess.
Rarely rises above the level of a well-staged history lesson.
This screenplay is so arid in its didacticism, so pallid in its would-be passion, that it defeats [McConaughey's] efforts and our involvement, however much we may want to cut the film some slack for being about things of consequence.
Strong work from McConaughey as a charismatic leader, but the film's meandering historical scope will test your patience.
A riveting visual history lesson, whose occasional didacticism is integral to its power.
With its epic sweep and powerful performances shedding light on a little-known chapter of American history, this would have seemed like prime Oscar bait for an autumn release.
A noble, quiet, solemn and slow historical drama -- polite words for saying it's duller than dirt.
Free State of Jones is a great opportunity lost.
Free State of Jones is a film with undeniable heart, but more than a little narrative fat.
Ross generates excitement in the skirmishes and stand-offs as the story builds to its climax, but he then kills his own momentum by cutting away at various times to a courtroom in the 1940s.
It just lies there, inert, like the notes you need to study from for a History midterm
Overreaching, patronizing and preachy. But it comes of a lot better than you'd expect.
The movie works hard to make Knight a righteous crusader for justice, often at the expense of effective character development and storytelling.
'Free State of Jones' is a film that's well-intentioned at best and uncomfortably ignorant at worst.
Is it too early to remake this thing?
Alternately hair-raising and clunky, Free States of Jones doesn't pack its story neatly into a box.
If McConaughey's performance is a little too jut-jawed and noble, the script has plenty of force.
Despite Ross' good intentions, pertinent political points and a fascinating story plucked from obscure American history, Free State of Jones moves with the forced weightiness of epically challenged, made-for-cable films.
Instead of building to a crescendo, the movie trails off. By the end, serious-minded adult moviegoers may find themselves longing for another product from the well-oiled sequel machine.
"Free State of Jones" is a deeply strange movie, but that's fine - so is the history on which it's based.
In terms of cinematic narrative, one may consider this to be dry - and it is, to a noticeable degree - but for a largely unknown, not to mention incredibly fascinating chapter in American history, this approach is appreciated.
The Free State of Jones is an anti-war film with a commie message that still glamorizes southern pride, hard work and the Good Book. It's a nuanced message far too rare in our current political state.
This ambitious and well-researched movie often trips over its own feet while translating its knowledge into a dramatic tale.
American history is a mutable thing, shaped by our evolving sense of ourselves as a nation, which is why this Civil War drama, based on the little-known story of Newton Knight, seems so vividly modern.
An earnest but inert and unwieldy historical drama that, in its commendable attempt to rescue a forgotten figure from obscurity, too often looks and feels like "12 Years a Woke Dude."
This is no history lesson, but it's mainstream Hollywood entertainment that respects the history and seems to invite discussion and debate.
Surprisingly dull but very well acted.
From its war-is-hell opening to an anti-climactic ending, the lengthy film, director Gary Ross, and star Matthew McConaughey likely would have been better served with a History Channel miniseries.
The movie works as a quasi-historical ramble, thanks largely to Matthew McConaughey as Knight and the quietly valiant Gugu Mbatha-Raw as his second, common-law wife, the freed slave Rachel.
It's clear [director Gary] Ross was very sincere about not making this just another reductive prestige picture. But his ambitions got the better of him.
"Free State of Jones" aspires to greatness but fumbles badly.
"Free State of Jones" is a well-intentioned slog through a potentially fascinating bit of Civil War history, brought to life only by Matthew McConaughey's performance, and then only occasionally.
McConaughey's star turn is straight-up and persuasive. Gugu Mbatha-Raw is earthy and believable as Rachel, the slave Knight falls for and has a child with.
A heavily didactic tone and the weight of good intentions bleed much of the dramatic life out of Gary Ross' well-meaning but increasingly turgid docu-drama.
"Free State" can't settle down and concentrate. The effect is sometimes exhilarating, but covering several decades of Southern history turns out to be an energy drain.
It's not nearly as good as it should be with the pedigree of filmmaker and star involved.
Free State Of Jones is a strange colonial Robin Hood that ends up being a historical retelling without any emotion, intrigue or focus.
The film is often unwieldy, narratively speaking, but it's also not without passion, telling a story that is frequently more brutal than inspiring.
From camera composition to production design, everything looks and feels fresh-scrubbed and somewhat staid, and you don't quite believe what you're seeing.
Free State of Jones has a story worth telling, it just doesn't know how to effectively do so.
Didactic rather than rousing.
Ross hopes to impart ideas on inequality and honor, but he's found the least interesting way to do it, keeping "Free State of Jones" obvious and glacial.
The last third of the film, as it stuffs more and more in, feels less like a movie and more like cramming for a history exam at 2 a.m.
A well-meaning but ultimately disposable Civil War drama.
In trying to be a jack of all trades, Jones becomes a master of none, poorly imitating the scores of epic war films and Civil War dramas that came before it.
After its bracing opening, the film begins to indulge the worst impulses of well-meaning liberal cinema.
As the divide between economic classes widens today, "Free State of Jones" remains as relevant as ever.
It's a good film, absorbing from beginning to end, but it's also important.
Diligent and informative but also fragmented and inert, it plays like a series of scenes and notes for a longer, more fleshed-out movie.
Ross wants to shake up the format ... but like so many directors who have tackled historical social issues before him, he confuses noble, cornball sermonizing for art.
A compelling and little-known story of the Civil War period is studiously reduced to a dry and cautious history lesson.
The movie doesn't entirely escape an arid, educational quality, coming off mostly as a curious hybrid of the best and the regrettable in right-side-of-history cinema.
Flowing like a miniseries that's been cleaved down to 145 minutes, and shot with the boxed-in functionality of basic cable television, it would be a misfire even if it weren't completely tone-deaf to the current climate.
"Free State of Jones" is one of those historical dramas with a script that's big on crowning lines of moral fervor and not so big on nuts-and-bolts detail.
More history lesson than compelling narrative, "Free State of Jones" could be taught to future film students as an example of what can happen when honorable intentions outpace vision or execution.

@highlight

Free State of Jones has the noblest of intentions, but they aren't enough to make up for its stilted treatment of a fascinating real-life story.