What it lacks in hard aesthetics, The Savages makes up for in exquisite human moments.
We could say that The Savages is a social-problem drama about senile dementia and nursing homes, but that's a little like saying The 400 Blows is about school truancy.
One rummages vainly through tics in search of genuine emotion
The Savages is a labored labor of love about an estranged brother and sister, who have to deal with a frail and fractious father.
Exploring ground laid out many times before, The Savages is at times frustrating and at times emotional film that could have used a re-write.
Linney and Hoffman are both terrific, and Jenkins's script is pointed and perceptive, but the film's arc is a little flat.
Jenkins fans looking for the irreverent humor of Slums need not apply.
Having the talent of Laura Linney and Philip Seymour Hoffman isn't enough.
It could have been shortened a bit, I didn't think the material was enough for almost two hours, but if you enjoy dramedy's like SIDEWAYS, give it a try.
Tamara Jenkins's film tackles the difficult subject of facing up to an ageing parent's mental and physical demise with overt sensitivity but no punches are spared.
This film is immensely rewarding and in its own way exceptionally beautiful.
Oddly being marketed as a comedy by its distributor, The Savages is best approached as a drama with an intermittently light touch that's generally more of a curse than a boon.
A wonderful black comedy that has gotten a tad lost in the recent sea of excellent indie pictures.
While writer-director Tamara Jenkins (Slums of Beverly Hills) lets things get a little mushy towards the end, the film brilliantly portrays a difficult family moment made even more complicated by her characters' overweening narcissism.
The Savages proves there's a rich vein of humor to be mined from the darkest of themes.
Hoffman and Linney bring a credible blend of ease and exasperation to the sibling relations, which show concern and competition in roughly equal measure. [DVD]
There really doesn't seem to be much of a bright side about a brother and sister who are faced with putting their father in a nursing home, but Jenkins manages to mine humor and heart out of the bleak circumstances.
The Savages is the sort of film that, while ringing with laudable authenticity and an admirable lack of maudlin sentimentality, prefers wallowing in misery to reaching for transformation.
Call me hokey if you want. I just would have liked more heart in there somewhere. But the acting is superb and it's worth seeing just for that. By no means watch this over the holidays but pursue its scholarly merit on safe ground.
Most of all about recovering, about picking yourself up, dusting yourself off, and plugging on. It also just happens to be, in its small, astutely observed, delicately bittersweet way, one of the best films of the year.
It's billed as a comedy. You may or may not find much to laugh at.
Jenkins' superlative work proves her first film was no fluke; let's hope it doesn't take another nine years to hear from her again.
There are resonant moments of elderly vulnerability and strong acting from Hoffman and Bosco, but Linney's overly familiar exasperated-woman performance and Jenkins' been-there, done-that-better story sink "The Savages.
Screenwriter/director Tamara Jenkins (Slums of Beverly Hills) is smart enough not to try to redeem any of these people - at least not in the traditional, cinematic sense.
Jenkins' brushstrokes of her characters are too exacting to move us more than a lifelike painting of a basket of fruit. We can be awed at the techniques, but walk away empty.
Two fine performances, a subject close to all our hearts and a screenplay that manages to be both brilliantly witty and almost unbearably poignant add up to the best family comedy-drama since Little Miss Sunshine.
The pleasures are small but intense and the spell cast in one of the most surprisingly moving films of the year is captivating.
In Tamara Jenkins' brutally frank and occasionally funny look at lives shaped by disappointment and fear, their love for each other binds them through the worst of times.
Jenkins's solemn comedy may be 389 jokes short of a Woody Allen classic, but there is a tenderness about these flawed heroes that is profoundly touching.
A powerful, incisive, often very funny look at aging, ailing family dynamics, superbly acted by two of the best in the business.
A richly nuanced American comedy, with two acting talents working at their absolute peak.
The latter half suffers from degenerative indie-itis, that epidemic syndrome whose main symptom is unwarranted interest in the ennui afflicting well-read urban misfits.
Hoffman and Linney make a great comedy team, even though the movie they're in is a sometimes grim affair...
Two wry, sad, occasionally funny but always unflinching hours.
The fact that "Savages" looks at an ordinary and often inevitable part of life shouldn't obscure the fact that this is a beautifully written and wonderfully played film, capturing the nuances of family dynamics as assuredly as any film I've seen in quite
...bitter and heartbreaking, an unsentimental examination of human needfulness that allows for traces of grace amid the ashes.
A black comedy that frequently goes down like the most bitter coffee imaginable.
The moral is: Don't get sick and don't get old.
It could almost be accused of 'middle-class whining' -- something Linney's character frets about -- if not for its sharply observant conversations and strikingly personal performances.
More often than not, it's a film that rings true and has much to offer.
...Hoffman and Linney ably step into their complex, sporadically unlikable characters.
The Savages, writer/director Tamara Jenkins's second film, is easily the best comedy of the year.
Hoffman and Linney's great skill shows in their picking up on the nuances of sibling hierarchy and habits borne of years and familiarity.
It's just a shame the script doesn't push the humour further; brief, amusing put-downs aren't quite enough to make this a bonafide comedy. But if you're looking for a well-performed drama about dementia, you've got it.
Jenkins is a provocateur to be sure, but she also has a heart, which is why her films don't come across as mean even when dealing comically with issues of death, debilitation, and emotional trauma.
Painfully poignant, earnest, sad, witty and beautiful. Pretty depressing up until the final, uplifting scene.
Hoffman, Linney and Bosco together generate such magnificent performances projecting a richly textured sense of the agony and ecstasy of a family in complicated meltdown, that it feels about as close to shared DNA as you can get.
It is the very particular humanity of the characters involved that makes it a successful and unique work of art.
dark, tart, and oddly joyful
Powerful, painful and yet unerringly funny as it points out our emotional and physical vulnerabilities, this is a film that finds the humor in tragedy while keeping both omnipresent.
The Savages not only boasts Oscar-worthy performances from Philip Seymour Hoffman and Laura Linney as a self-absorbed brother and sister, its attention to detail makes it sweetly funny and genuine.
A comedy of discomfort, The Savages is a brilliantly acted film about people who are kidding themselves, a state of being that is as funny as it is sad.
The Savages isn't cheery holiday fare, ... and yet Jenkins makes her film unexpectedly uplifting, in a small-scale, real-life kind of way.
An acerbic, wonderfully acted comedy-drama about family ties and mortality.
The film is savagely funny about the indignities of old age, yet optimistic that it's never too late to have a happy childhood.
The Savages isn't so much about plot as about moments, and this film -- thanks to Linney and Hoffman -- is filled with keepers.
Reality wounds but also heals in The Savages, writer-director Tamara Jenkins' cuttingly funny-sad family drama.
---- a biting, sometimes hilarious drama ----
This is a movie that is actually better upon a second viewing.
Affecting and dangerously close to home.
In the end it's worth a look, but you might wish you had some of Wendy's happy pills that she ripped off from her father's dead girlfriend.
The dynamic that operates throughout this film is fantasy versus reality, not just in the lives of the characters but in American life in general.
Tamara Jenkins has made a movie about something that lots of people are going through but nobody wants to deal with, not even in life, much less in entertainment. And she's done it fearlessly, with the right mix of humor and horror.
The movie greedily uses its rich cast.
Director Jenkins handles this tricky material with tact and a nuanced touch -- there are laughs, but the circumstance is real enough to resonate with anyone who's experienced the confusion, guilt, and disorientation that such a circumstance imposes.
In the end, we were bored. In the end, it all seemed pretty trite.
The humor in The Savages is born out of the performances by Linney and Hoffman, two actors who can convey as much about their characters as the ones around them with a seemingly effortless, instinctual ability.
Jenkins couldn't have found actors more suited to straddle the delicate, subtle line between detestable and sympathetic.
Smartly written and beautifully played.
Both Linney and Hoffman are so specific in creating these characters that we see them as people, not elements in a plot.
Writer-director Tamara Jenkins ... allows the movie its real-life bitterness without pushing it over into despair.
Its astringent humor is not funny ha-ha, it's funny-ouch.
Predictably unconventional, indulgently metafictional, and hesitant about going for its alluded intentions.
The sad reality of aging and the picture of adults who still need a push in the right direction are rarely so keenly observed and honestly delivered.
Assured and sharp, The Savages is only Jenkins' second feature-length film. You'd never know it.
Grimly funny and brazenly unsentimental, it has an ordinary, humdrum grit often missing even from indie movies.
Extremely powerful,unsentimental and bleakly comic story of a brother and sister entering middle age, but not fully adult, coping with their father's dementia and entry into a nursing home.
One of those genre-defying hybrids that are sometimes called dramedies, The Savages tiptoes along a particularly fraught emotional tightrope, balancing observant humor and deep sadness with uncommon grace.
Although the story may sound as dismal as Buffalo's weather, it's surprisingly funny. Not gag funny, but observation funny -- the absurdities of real life, seen and presented.
Excellent performances mark "The Savages," with Linney and Hoffman each navigating characters who could have become unlikable had they not been shaded with nuance.
The Savages is a precious, pitch-perfect little film that finds humanity and mirth in the darkest of places.
So darned depressing in its observancy that it's no stretch to assume that writer/director Jenkins might have experienced something entirely similar first hand.
The script is kind of a bore and when it's not a bore it's dead set on simply being miserable for the sake of being miserable.
I wouldn't call the film inspirational - it is too well observed to succumb to easy sentiment - but its realism is patiently engaging and subtly insinuating
Both a delicious exercise in great acting and a richly refined comedy-drama--tangy and touching in equal measure.
The film stuck, and even now almost a month later I can still savor and relish so many of the picture's minute delicacies as if I had just witnessed them for the very first time.
Walking precariously between real world gravitas and the far too isolated and idiosyncratic, The Savages is a wonderful premise undermined by some unnecessary pretense.
It's an exemplary film, and far less depressing than it sounds.
Affecting adult drama has mature themes, content.
With the help of acting giants, [director Tamara] Jenkins turns The Savages into a twisted, bittersweet pleasure.
Tamara Jenkins returns with a story that squarely addresses the concerns of middle age, treating them with the gravity they deserve but also the forbearance and humor they often demand.
It's the clarity with which Jenkins sees it that makes the film extraordinary.
Sharp, funny, and acerbic...Movies that are as truthful and observant as this one are rare.
One of those small, perfectly crafted, bittersweet family dramas it touches on so many truths it's almost painful to watch at times.
Eloquently makes the case that Philip Seymour Hoffman and Laura Linney are the most dextrous actors of their generation.
It's obvious that Jenkins is inspired by the work of Canadian writer/director Denys Arcand ("The Barbarian Invasions"), but she doesn't dig deep enough to capture the complexities and nuance that the material demands.
Hoffman and Linney sadly never click, in spite of their strong performances...
The name of the movie is one of those insufferable cutesy puns...but don't let that deter you from a film that achieves the rare balance of being both hilarious and tragic.
[Bosco's] performance as a senior going through the motions of aging is hypnotic, heartbreaking, and dead-on. It's the kind of performance awards were created for.
Exactly like I thought it would be for about 96 of its 113-minute running time.
Lacks the ideal clarity that best supports what is incredibly caustic material. It's a misfire for Jenkins, but an interesting failure.
The movie also comes with the wistful sadness of a maturing filmmaker who understands that in matters of death, sorrow and black comedy often walk hand in hand.
A fine middlebrow addition to the end-of-year sweepstakes, as good as expected, as bad as feared, and gone without a ripple.
The Savages does a good job keeping things in perspective by pointing out the "what can you do?" absurdity of it all. We all face mortality, and we can all laugh at it too.
Although The Savages is a better film for not being a cloying, schmaltzy tear-jerker, that doesn't mean that it's a movie you will necessarily enjoy.
How unfortunate the film with none.
The film successfully navigates the tricky waters of family dysfunction. A savagely funny/tragic/hopeful portrait of the way we are circa 2007.
...dual character study of two alienated siblings with an ironic interdependency. If the film ultimately feels small, Linney and Hoffman, two of our great actors, always keep it interesting.
The frequent outbursts of comedy help alleviate a tone that's appropriately muted and sad, and Jenkins should be credited for refusing to tack smiley-faces onto a tough, possibly lose-lose situation.
An engrossing family drama about old age, nursing homes, dementia, death and siblings trying to forge a new bond with each other.
At its best, The Savages captures the lunacy that comes with coping with sorrow.
While The Savages is a story about decrepitude and death, and chronicles a family whose wounds run too deep, it never has that claustrophobic, trapped-in-a-nightmare feeling of some dysfunctional family flicks.
[Director] Jenkins gleefully rubs the more graphic symptoms of dementia in our faces. But the movie also comes with the wistful sadness of a maturing filmmaker who understands that in matters of death, sorrow and black comedy often walk hand in hand.
While exploring the frustrations of middle-aged siblings dealing with an ailing father, 'The Savages' also spotlights moments of humor, warmth and tenderness.
An awfully well-made film. Brilliant performances are most typified by Bosco's often perfectly incoherent portrayal of a man slipping farther and farther out of touch.
One of the best independent dramas of 2007 connects very resonantly to one of the best independent dramas of 2000.
The Savages is funny in the if-you-didn't-laugh-you'd-cry way and superbly acted by all involved
Laura Linney and Philip Seymour Hoffman never disappoint, disappearing into roles which fit like gloves.
These are fascinating, three-dimensional individuals brought into the foreground by a pair of today's finest actors.
If any film comedy prior to The Savages so fully earns the characterization 'painfully funny,' I'd like to know about it.
Despite its dark humor, The Savages tackles the tough topics of aging, frailty, humiliation and death. All depressing stuff, to be sure, but Jenkins handles it with a delicate, relatable touch, and without being maudlin.
Tamara Jenkins' writing and direction are superb.
One of the best movies of the year so far.
Ordinarily, Linney plays annoying characters. This one is a lot less annoying than most of them.
The actors have found mutual subcurrents to their characters that project familial affection even when they are at each other's throats.
To everyone's credit, this film faces these issues bravely and humorously, eschewing any hint of emotional manipulation.
Philip Seymour Hoffman and Laura Linney are typically superb as a brother and sister brought together to care for their aging father in Tamara Jenkins' acute, if sometimes sluggish, follow-up to Slums of Beverly Hills.
The Savages is the perfect comic offering for a season when family Pandora's boxes come swinging open like so many must-return gifts.
Darkly hilarious, Tamara Jenkins' The Savages captures the cruel demographic joke facing many boomers who are forced to take care of aging parents at a point when they haven't entirely figured out their own lives.
Yu's analytical documentary has an intentionally narrow view of human narratives, lumping together the misguided journeys of four men to highlight the conceptual parallels between them.
Linney and Hoffman have a tremendously rewarding, difficult (sibling) rapport.
Tamara Jenkins's The Savages is a beautifully nuanced tragicomedy about two floundering souls.
Featuring some of the best writing and acting on screen all year, The Savages shouldn't be missed.
Draws its strength mainly from the complex, familiar character of the sister, as written (and directed) by Tamara Jenkins and played expertly by Linney.
Sharply unsentimental and very funny
This is not a Sam Shepherd play; it feels more like HBO.
Jenkins walks this dramatic tightrope with breathtaking ease. The humor is never forced but always springs from the characters and situations naturally.
The Savages naturally invites comparisons to Away From Her--all of them unflattering.
Vital, honest, and engaging.
The Savages is a delightful movie -- the perfect companion piece (and antidote) to the year's other superb convalescent-dementia picture, Away From Her.
This bittersweet X-ray of American family dynamics may not be a Hallmark-card notion of a holiday movie, but it's one any son or daughter can take to heart.
Astute and empathetic, it's a heartfelt, touching, coming-of-middle-age drama.
The excellent natural performances by Linney and Hoffman, make this a special film... .
Humorously shows how a parent in second childhood helps his immature son grow up quickly.
The Savages is terrific -- a movie of uncommon appreciation for the nature and nurture that go into making us who we are, a perfectly calibrated drama both compassionate and unsentimental.
Like the bitter medicine your mother used to give you, The Savages can be quite effective, even if you secretly hope you never have to endure it again.
Jenkins scripts and directs a warm, heartfelt character study with tons of great little moments
Emotionally engaging, sharply written and superbly directed drama with terrific performances from Philip Seymour Hoffman and Laura Linney.
Linney and Hoffman deliver two more creatively textured performances in this story about the strain and comfort of family relationships.
Hoffman and Linney are wonderful -- underplaying so perfectly that crumpled, bittersweet truths continue to surface.
A small, intimate look at a family... but it is, within its own boundaries, nearly perfect.
Tamara Jenkins' sophomore outing is sharp, clear-eyed, uncondescending; a non-stop, non-guilty pleasure.
Suffused with clever lines, characters with neurotic tics and a pervasive, jocular black humour, The Savages is more about craft than art, but the craft, especially in the writing and acting, is at a high level.
There are no easy answers in dealing with aging and dying parents, and Jenkins doesn't try to give us one.
Smartly written, perfectly delivered dialogue, accompanied by a sunny, hopeful ending.
Director Tamara Jenkins focuses on the largely unexplored relationship between brothers and sisters, and she does so beautifully, thanks to the extraordinary talents of Hoffman and Linney.
Tamara Jenkins excels more at maximizing individual moments here than at developing a meaty storyline. But a great many of the moments are choice.
Finds its humor in the real-world, encapsulating the emotions that many 30-somethings must experience when their parents start to get older.
Jenkins makes a huge leap forward in her sophomore film, a serio comedy that effortlessly blends humor and pathos in a tale of a dysfunctional family in which the two misfit siblings are splendidly played by Laura Linney and Philip Seymour Hoffman.









@highlight

Thanks to a tender, funny script from director Tamara Jenkins, and fine performances from Philip Seymour Hoffman and Laura Linney, this film delivers a nuanced, beautifully three-dimensional look at the struggles and comforts of family bonds.