Clearly fascinated by the power of new technology and the fact that anyone is able to broadcast their thoughts, Egoyan has made an engrossing movie with an intriguing, original plot.
Adoration spins an intricate weave of deception, an avatar maze in which almost every character is revealed to have more than one persona.
In Egoyanland it's always winter, but that can be reassuring.
Uneven enigmatic social drama that's framed like an imaginative mystery story.
A chilly intellectualism sucks the dramatic life out of Canadian auteur Atom Egoyan's Adoration.
Though Egoyan, as usual, frequently strains credibility he at least manages to weave all of this into a fairly absorbing detective story that explores the roots and damaging implications of prejudice with unexpected grace.
Without the constrictions of an adapted text, Egoyan's creativity turns towards intellectual exercise.
Unfortunately the elaborately unspooled plot delivering these ideas in dramatic form is so scraggy and effortful it defeats the cast and rather compromises our involvement.
The most positive thing you can say about Atom Egoyan's latest film is that it is well-intentioned. But the most honest thing that you can say is that it's a painfully misguided and pretentious folly.
A pretty fatuous equivalence, made much more implausible by the clotted structure, some wince-makingly unconvincing scenes and truly terrible acting.
Atom Egoyan is up to his old tricks with this fractured, elusive drama, resembling but never measuring up to the ones which launched his career.
Populated with rich, complex characters, Adoration's impressive array of ideas is matched by its visual beauty and narrative ingenuity.
If you can buy into the improbable, this ultimately pans out as a wise and rather poignant story.
A complex, compelling brew, enhanced throughout by Egoyan's hypnotic style. Sadly, it's also weirdly remote and agonisingly slow.
An ill-judged crack at a mainstream thriller.
A characteristically skewed but cerebral look at a dysfunctional family in a movie much easier to admire than actually like.
Theme is all-powerful, with characters verbally fondling their histories and identities - and, in one typically po-faced scene, intellectualising vomit.
Egoyan has hold of serious material...but it is untidily stitched into the narrative, crushing any illusion of spontaneity and loading the dialogue with heavy-duty didacticism.
But when he turns from intellectual debate to the way human beings actually speak and behave, you might feel that he'd be better off writing essays himself.
Too self-conscious by half and often unnecessarily complicated. It's as if Egoyan, who wrote and produced it as well as directed, has so much on his mind that he can't sort it all out.
A stylish, muddled but oddly interesting movie/moral debate, this is ultimately a reflection (I think) on post-9/11 hysteria.
Seamlessly marrying the personal and the political, Adoration plots a labyrinthine course through all manner of millennial issues...
The main thrust is a desire to say something -- anything -- about terrorism and the 9/11 attacks, but Egoyan's idea makes no sense.
A stylish film with a solid cast and equally solid acting. But it feels like an exercise film, the kind of filmic monologue one might produce for an assignment not unlike the story that the young hero concocts.
Steeped in relentless (and often clumsy) symbolism, and hamstrung by a frustratingly disjointed narrative, it's puzzling for all the wrong reasons.
Cinephiles who thought Atom Egoyan went off the rails with the tawdry cheese of "Where The Truth Lies" will be happy to see "Adoration," which shows the Canadian filmmaker once again in fine, austere form.
The movie's fractured structure and contrived subplots obscure a potentially affecting story and do nothing to advance the debate on any of its incendiary issues.
It will likely test the limits of some viewers, though those with patience may find a few things to like. There's definitely no shortage of ideas, that's for sure.
...a complicated and not altogether successful rumination on identity, technology, terrorism and the nature of truth.
As thoughtful, calculated, somber and cold as a heavily footnoted term paper...
Adoration is rich with political themes about ethnicity, a complex story about family history, a thoughtful young protagonist and a fascinating look at the way we communicate through the latest social-networking tools.
A gimmicky, sad and beautifully acted mystery that keeps its secrets even when it loses its grasp of the logical.
After a promising start, this ambitious but ultimately clunky and unwieldy movie dissolves into a pile of ideas in dire need of dramatization.
Adoration may be driven by Egoyan's usual weighty concerns, but too often it operates on cruise control.
A pretentious, naval-gazing pity party thrown for condescending, affected blowhards.
Egoyan's ham-fisted commentaries on religion, terrorism and xenophobia are so needy they make Crash perpetrator Paul Haggis look subtle.
Egoyan is nothing if not low key; and as dramatic as passages are here, he keeps the tone under control and the story believable.
Bostick turns in a quietly mesmerizing performance, capturing Simon's sense of loss without slipping into pathos.
The film offers up a tidal wave of ebbs and flows, things deftly moving between past and present, truth and fiction, with magnetic ease.
No one else would have made a film about these people, exploring these ideas and taking these kinds of mysterious risks... but it all amounts ambiguously to being either the best of Egoyan's weaker films or the shakiest of his good ones.
Another well-wrought and intriguing drama by Egoyan.
It never adds up to a satisfying whole.
In Atom Egoyan's disconcerting and unpredictable Adoration, a young man's attempt to make sense of himself and his family's history turns strange when his re-imagined version of that history becomes a combustible topic for online chatter.
Adoration is a delicate rumination on how innocence and truth evolve in the aftermath of catastrophe, as people stake emotional ownership in tragedy.
Egoyan's pacing is careful, deliberate, as it must be, because he's pulling together a complex tale, playing with time to reveal details piece by piece.
Those who make an effort to respond to its challenges will find it an absorbing and haunting experience.
Egoyan is always in complete control of the material, letting us know details only when he chooses to reveal them and only when it serves the right purpose in the timeline of his story.
Once all the pieces of the story are assembled, the whole thing turns out to be not that big of a deal.
When all is revealed at the end, it becomes obvious Egoyan has cheated audiences with a batch of fake clues and false paths.
Adoration's ending may feel a little too artificial, a little too idealistic, but there is still something lovely about where these people end up.
Egoyan's most affecting film since The Sweet Hereafter.
I'm always going to be something of an apologist for a filmmaker like Egoyan, someone so true to his characters and his concepts that he sometimes doesn't know how to manage them into a completely successful screenplay.
Scott Speedman gives a piercing, intelligent performance.
Why does Egoyan weave a tangled web? Because his characters are caught in it.
Because of the allegorical nature of its people, "Adoration" never fully brings them to life - especially, and most crucially, Simon and Sabine. They are mouthpieces before they are human beings.
Takes a powerful, simple subject and mucks up its exploration with elaborate stylistic complications and moments of pure over direction.
Whatever mystery is here is not a function of the story but of how Egoyan chooses to tell the story. Once all is revealed, the reaction is, 'So what?'
Writer and director Atom Egoyan is a cinematic master at creating incredibly sad and affecting tone poems to life's morose moments.
This is one of those films that isn't nearly as interesting as the conversations that it may inspire.
Watching Adoration is like juggling three tennis balls, a porcupine, and a graduate thesis, but eventually it finds a unifying theme, that of tolerance melting away racial and intergenerational hatreds.
Under the violin swells of Mychael Danna's enveloping score, Egoyan weaves the personal, the political, and the technological into an immense yet intimate comment on our troubled times. In doing so, he stumbles back into relevance again.
...the epitome of an Atom Egoyan movie, with its themes of technological influences on human communication and finding the truth amidst family secrets.
After arty flashbacks and brouhaha around larger social issues, slowly, quietly comes down to one family touchingly healing. Fine acting surmounts didactic plot construction.
An intelligent, well-nuanced and provocative drama that maintains its gradual suspense and intrigue throughout.
The ideas Egoyan explores test dangerous waters of cowardice and courage, prejudice and forgiveness, and unknowable truths that divide and devastate.
Adoration, which hinges on a number of coincidences, contains some really fine performances, including a surprising one from Canadian utility player Scott Speedman as the student's rough-hewn uncle and guardian.
When we look for illumination, all we find is chaos and darkness.
Although the intent is clearly to keep us off balance as to what's real, it also unbalances the movie, hampering its ability to build suspense or involve us in its characters.
Best you "feel" the film as it presents itself. Then engage it intellectually. That is what an Egoyan film is all about.
Once again, Egoyan has created a film that descends from ideas rather than experience, driven by theme rather than character, and he does both very well.
Egoyan draws strong performances from the entire cast, including a solid performance from Scott Speedman, sporting a heavy beard, as the uncle raising the orphaned Simon, a sort of everyman embodying Western liberalism who is flawed by his own insularity.
Adoration is a profound and provocative exploration of cultural inheritance.
A compelling character-driven drama about family secrets, imagination, and the technological toys of modern society.
Moody, provocative and intellectually ambitious, Adoration is primed to elicit impassioned discussion among audiences.
overbearing and muddled... laborious and earnestly weighty.
With his usual themes of memory and technology, Egoyan tells a provocative and deeply emotional story that centres on current issues. It's a little heavy handed, but still thoroughly involving.
Egoyan will continue to make some of this generation's most provocative and enduring films; Adoration just isn't one of them.
Atom Egoyan's latest glum puzzle is a meditation on post-9/11 hysteria, but it's too much 'What's the meaning of terrorism?' cud chewing too late.
The time-jumping narrative and self-consciously somnambulant mood undermine the writer-director's zeitgeist-inspired thesis.
As for Mr. Egoyan, he remains an auteur at the highest level of cinematic creation, and even one of his lesser films, like Adoration, deserves to be seen.
As with all of Egoyan's films, "Adoration" is a forward-thinking exploratory work of cinema meant to invigorate audiences into social discussions beyond its narrative structure.
A movie considerably more absorbing to talk, write, and think about afterward than it is to actually watch.
If Egoyan's elliptical narrative flirts with pretentiousness, the director nonetheless encases his action in an affecting mood of regret and longing.
Egoyan is so concerned with packing as much narrative and thematic material into his film that he doesn't quite know what to do with it.
Egoyan's finest in years.
Celebrated Canadian filmmaker Atom Egoyan ingeniously merges themes of family history, human psychology, politics, prejudice, terrorism and technology into an intriguing and intelligent drama that also works as a mystery.
After some flops, Egoyan is back with a film that explores a central theme of his work, the impact of the media and technology on interpersonal communication and identity formation.
Effectively combines themes of coming of age, technology's effects, and political friction in a cerebral, wistful work of art.
Typically dense and complex drama from Atom Egoyan that's as satisfying as completing a jigsaw puzzle.
Though the plot borders on the abstruse, it's also the director's best film in a decade.
The stories here are thin, unnecessarily complicated and glibly cryptic; some sections are difficult to follow, even annoying in their self-consciousness.
Some find [Egoyan] obtuse and overly intellectual; I like the chances he takes with his films, and his unique way of examining the mundane and tying it to larger issues, and he does that very well in Adoration.
A fascinating muddle. Folding all sorts of post-9/11 questions into a very Egoyanesque miasma of elegantly fractured chronology and provocative ideas.
A haunting meditation on the nature of received wisdom and how it can warp individuals, damage families and even threaten society.
Moody, gliding filmmaking and ripples of quizzical humor save it from being a lugubrious game of therapeutic musical chairs.
...ultimately overcomes an almost disastrously plodding opening half hour to become a slight yet somewhat engaging piece of work.






@highlight

A complex and thought-provoking work, Atom Egoyan's Adoration works well as both mystery and engaging drama.