A vicious and brutal parable on human cruelty in the Jack Ketchum tradition...
The hero in Red doesn't want revenge. He wants an apology. This isn't your ordinary vigilante film.
...a deliberately paced and downright thoughtful piece of work.
An elegant and deceptively straightforward dramatic thriller.
A movie that's completely out of its tree.
A low-key but compelling thriller that refuses to follow the traditional vengeance movie template.
The movie's escalating series of tit-for-tat revenge ploys becomes a bit tedious even at 95 minutes, but Cox and a rich (if not always well-served) supporting cast that includes Tom Sizemore, Amanda Plummer, and Robert Englund keep it more than watchable.
A final quarter sentimental streak clashes with the masochistic pleasure of watching middle America close ranks against a victim who can't even bark in his own defense.
Begins promisingly and then swerves into absurdity.
What makes this movie worth seeing is the acting, which is superb throughout.
Along with Shotgun Stories, Felon, and a few other recent 'indie pulps,' Red is part of a wave of low-budget genre films that turn injustice into an abstract force ripping decent folk apart.
Once Avery's mission assumes a Freudian dimension, the allegory loses its moral force and changes from a meditation on justice, power and inequality into a gory melodrama.
As Diesen fades out with a pat, artificially full-circle ending, we still appreciate how Red danced on the edge of the Movie-of-the-Week abyss and, thanks to Cox and the careful tending of Jack Ketchumâ(TM)s original novel, never fell in.
The lesson to be taken away from Red is that, after some killin', the only thing that can make someone feel better is a new puppy.
Somewhere along the line someone should have taken a long, hard look at the excesses of the ending and changed course.
This powerful, elemental drama hits all the buttons, probably to a fault, but it's helped along by fine performances all around.
The film's climax ultimately seems less an example of its protagonist's irrational fury than of cockeyed storytelling.
It's Brian Cox's powerful but low-key performance and an abiding respect for animals that can't defend themselves that invest this simple, straightforward narrative with an understated passion that is unforgettable.
This movie has a humungous amount of problems, but I think that its absolute worst sin is that it'll make you think that the Jack Ketchum novel is some sort of Oprah's book of the month reject.
Animal lovers may or may not like the way that the principal character gets revenge on a young man who killed his dog.
[Cox] inhabits Avery like a force of nature, drawing the audience to him and eliciting sympathy, even when his acts become morally dubious.
Cox's performance is more than enough to make the film worthwhile.
A well-made, neo-Western from Norwegian directors.
A simple tale of how love and affection can sometimes inspire some of the nastiest human emotions imaginable.
The idea that a man would go so far over the death of a dog is a little hard to buy into.
Screenwriter Stephen Susco communicates with a wisdom beyond his years, injecting moments of profound introspection, both spoken and silent.


@highlight

This vengeance film leans heavily on attack-and-avenge scenarios but performances by Brian Cox's and Tom Sizemore's take the stink out of any weaker scripting.