The film is a tad too long but nevertheless is well acted and rather moving.
American Pastoral is boring at best, but it will play well to one audience-white suburban parents.
The whole production feels verged on the perch of camp.
The film gets to where it's going by the midpoint and then just sits there, grinding your face in its (or Swede's? or Roth's?) hatred of the 1960s.
Not only does the book defeat McGregor, the neophyte director; it also defeats McGregor, the accomplished actor.
Philip Roth remains without a Nobel and without a film to the height of its work. [Full review in Spanish]
It's far from perfect, but it's not a bad stab at tricky material.
McGregor and Connelly are good as dad and mum, Hannah Nordberg and Dakota Fanning even better as, at different ages, Merry.
A film far from perfection, but its visual smoothness and the narrative rhythm of a powerful story allows moments of true inspiration and a heartbreaking beauty. [Full review in Spanish]
McGregor's lack of experience behind camera can be seen in the scarcity of visual resources that replace the vigor of the written language of the novel. [Full review in Spanish]
Despite of being disqualified in a certain way by its difficulty to meet expectations and with some deficiencies, mainly in the performances, I recommend this film. [Full review in Spanish]
American Pastoral, the debut film of Ewan McGregor, lacks the brilliance of the Pulitzer-winning novel on which it is based. [Full review in Spanish]
The performances are stilted for the most part, with most scenes feeling melodramatic when meant to be tragic, flat as a pancake when meant to be funny.
A film where there is a constant struggle between the original text, the script and the way in which McGregor intervenes but manages to carry it out with sobriety. [Full review in Spanish]
Ewan McGregor chooses an adaptation of Philip Roth's Pulitzer Prize-winning novel for his first directing gig, and it's not a total disaster, especially considering the scale of the book.
The care and attention Ewan McGregor has given the film is admirable and he deserves credit for giving it his all, but this is a story better read than watched.
American Pastoral is a strong reminder that not every book is destined to be translated onto the big screen effectively.
It's a competent production with an intriguing trajectory and unsettling, poignant conclusion, but American Pastoral the movie is, like poor Meredith, missing that vital, intangible something.
It's honourable, it's well-intentioned, but it's lame.
Nothing much happens beyond one defining incident relatively early on.
There's a crippling lack of emotional depth and honesty - it's hard to decide which is more stridently melodramatic, the bombast of the score or the shrill performances.
Ewan McGregor has been judged unworthy of adapting Philip Roth in the US. But his directorial debut is finely crafted, and powered by visceral emotion embodied in one of his best performances.
McGregor's character paradoxically gets too much and not enough. Swede feels clogged with sentiment for his daughter, with little room for other emotions.
It is, however, a heartfelt and painstaking attempt at dealing in filmic terms with the complex and ambiguous subject matter of the book.
A turgid lump of narrative and not much else.
[McGregor] never does the richly-layered book justice, starting brightly but increasingly flailing as the narrative becomes overwrought when it should understate.
Ewan McGregor's directorial debut doesn't do justice to Philip Roth's great book.
American Pastoral is a flawed film that lacks inspiration, but it has its moments, and the story might strike a chord with parents.
Inevitably the film simplifies a good deal of the book's complexity but McGregor's biggest mistake is to cast himself in the leading role.
McGregor's performance has sincerity of a frowningly oppressive kind, but the whole thing is tinged with self-pity.
The best thing I can say about this movie is that I hope it inspires people to read, or re-read, the novel.
Roth's book, which attends with horror and dismay to the forces ripping America apart in the second half of the 20th century, has suffered a treatment that mechanically extracts its guts.
By mid-film, American Pastoral has all the anticipation of watching water circling around a drain that quickly disappears.
[The film] roughly sticks to the plot points of the novel but sheds its nuance.
The core issue with American Pastoral is the inclination to cover so much ground, and scrutinise over a myriad of themes.
It's hard to begrudge such an earnest endeavour, but this is missing the wit, nuance, and insight of a book thought by many - correctly, maybe - to be unadaptable.
The direction of the film is so matter-of-fact, the storytelling so obvious, the lack of nuance so palpable, that it seems to actually take its alarmist and patronising attitudes towards change at face value.
Features several strong performances.
Adapting Philip Roth's Pulitzer Prize-winning novel was always going to be a tall order for any director. In first-timer Ewan McGregor's hands it's entirely unwieldy.
Florid and flawed, compressing Philip Roth's Pulitzer Prize-winning novel into tawdry melodrama.
The book is dense and by turns unwieldy and lovely and troubled. Streamlined into a screenplay by John Romano ("The Lincoln Lawyer"), the narrative loses much of the complexity, and the resulting film borders on family melodrama.
The film doesn't really go deep enough -- and niggling details subvert its veracity.
McGregor's directorial debut is a well-crafted drama but lacks the depth of Roth's masterful book.
American Pastoral is a confusing failure of a movie, but not baffling enough to warrant a recommendation
As Swede, McGregor evokes an overwhelming sadness that deepens until he seems to become an emotional black hole from which no lightness can escape.
A top-heavy, tasteful, overstuffed film.
Is McGregor a bad director? Lord knows he's not the first to swing and whiff at Roth. I'll give him a mulligan here.
American Pastoral is as powerful as any movie that uses war as a catalyst for the story. It shows that emotional scars can be created in a myriad of ways.
I haven't read the book, but I'm guessing Roth brought more nuance and authority to its story of a New Jersey family in the 1960s and '70s than McGregor and screenwriter John Romano have with this cultural cartoon.
It might have fared better as a TV mini-series, where novelistic plot strands can be unpacked at length. McGregor is simply wrong for his role: He's too young, too modern, too smart.
McGregor, in his directorial debut, does well to juggle both the family drama as well as the bigger events playing out in the background without resorting to preachiness or a need to tie everything up neatly.
a tough watch despite the odd moment of inspiration
Sorry fellow critics but you are WAY off on this one. American Pastoral gets it right and becomes one of the best Phillip Roth adaptations ever.
The actors emote deeply and energetically, but there's a disquieting sheen of artifice.
The movie feels flat and small, lacking the novel's energy and expansive ambition.
Once you peel away the layers, "American Pastoral" is at heart a father-daughter love story. McGregor, all furrowed brow, is persistent in his portrayal of Swede, but from behind the camera he's as lost as Merry.
Solid performances, but the screenplay is a clunky, contrived and stilted mess.
It's a remarkably committed effort that takes a few seriously misguided turns along the way, even as its actors lunge at psychological depth with every scene.
"American Pastoral" is an earnest first effort, but the source material may have been a bit too much for a director's debut.
American Pastoral is a good novel and now a very bad film.
This is a movie of glossy mid-20th century New Jersey surfaces and Vietnam era America-in-turmoil clichés.
Pastoral, however, belongs to its two leading women. Connelly shows enormous range... Fanning hauntingly suggests a living ghost, a leper who only occasionally sees sunlight.
There was reason to expect more from American Pastoral, and just as much reason to figure it was doomed from the start.
It's a grueling movie, and a thin one.
The subtle, haunting quality of the source material is largely absent from a film that can be admired more for its effort than its execution.
There's so much to like here, and the film ends with a punch. For Roth's sake -- and McGregor's, for that matter -- you almost want a do-over.
In the end, it's too polite and considered a portrait of a rude and chaotic world, but as with most Philip Roth adaptions, there's plenty to talk about afterward.
Talented cast can't save mature, disappointing adaptation.
Even considered entirely separately from its source material, American Pastoral is hopelessly weak.
The performances are so deliberate and overworked they might as well have the script tattooed on their faces.
You can empathize with their pain - or at least you can imagine it - but these are not performances that do justice to the couple's shifting disbelief, grief and sense of self.
This story is best left on the page.
Even McGregor's palpable sincerity cannot obscure the film's smug misogyny.
Although it's not possible to argue that Philip Roth's 1997 Pulitzer Prize-winning book couldn't be made into a powerful, compelling film, this isn't it.
While fastidiously made, McGregor's film is dramatically inert-a pretty but shallow rendering of Roth's novel.
Not a desecration but a severe diminution of a complex literary masterpiece.
'American Pastoral' the novel is a primal scream. "American Pastoral" the movie is a whimper.
The result is a movie -- about a father's futile willingness to sacrifice everything for his daughter -- that evokes practically no emotion.
The actors capably hit their marks but rarely illuminate the interior torment of Roth's prose. The direction and cinematography are similarly workmanlike but unremarkable.
"American Pastoral" may tell the heartbreaking story of Swede Levov, but a firm grasp of who he is and what he means remains maddeningly elusive.
It gears up to go important places but never arrives.
There's a lot of yelling, too little nuance, and even less humour.
A haunting, engrossing, often eerily timely adaptation. It's a movie that makes you think and feel - and then think some more.
Not one frame feels authentic, from terribly Photoshopped images of the young Swede (McGregor as a football hero? Right!) to laughable old-age makeup in the later years.
Gorgeously dark with heartbreaking moments, American Pastoral isn't smart enough to have the prestige factor it's clearly going for.
What Ewan McGregor's "American Pastoral" does to the Philip Roth novel it adapts is the cinematic equivalent of unslinking a Slinky.
"American Pastoral" is ambitious but it's also a mess, a colossal one at times.
The better the book, the worse the movie is a sad-but-true rule of thumb. And first-time director Ewan McGregor's calamitous take on Phillip Roth's Pulitzer-winning 1997 novel is awful enough to cement the rule in stone.
The acting is good, but there's something missing - the fire of the turbulent 1960s in which the movie is set, which consumes the family at the center of the story but never ignites the film itself.
American Pastoral tries to be loyal in its adaptation, but the material is film-resistant and flat as cardboard.
Chalk this one up as a close one, a bold attempt by a McGregor, but a near miss.
"American Pastoral" is a pale imitation of the real thing - pastrami without mustard, briskets without onions, life without guilt. It's so busy trying to provide answers it forgets the questions are the most important thing of all.
A flat and clumsy paper-doll melodrama that even some gorgeous cinematography and a raft of gifted, great-looking actors can't save.
McGregor stages good and bad scenes, but almost all are mannered, lacking the brawling confidence of Roth's prose.
I found myself strangely emotional by the time the credits rolled.
A two-dimensional reworking of Philip Roth's novel that reduces a complex story to a Lifetime movie.
McGregor catches the elegiac grandeur of Philip Roth's 1997 novel but filters out its bitter irony, historical sweep, and psychological complexity.
A correctly narrated film that will make you want to read Philip Roth's novel. [Full review in Spanish]
The film looks great, the performances are fine and it has plenty of moments that sing.
Nowhere near a perfect movie but it navigates Roth's cloudy waters surprisingly well ... and there are moments that are absolutely heartbreaking.
Adaptations must be their own thing, but not by losing the core of the work. Which is exactly what happens here.
Ewan McGregor's inert adaption smooths out the Philip Roth novel's eruptions of self-loathing and doubt.
It's all so manipulative that the stakes play as though a game. You can say his emotions destroyed him, but without onscreen evidence it's a hollow sentiment.
One of the most perceptive novels of the 20th century becomes one of the most ill-conceived movies of the 21st as Ewan McGregor tries his hand at directing with this ruinously streamlined adaptation of Philip Roth's 1997 masterpiece.
Ewan McGregor shows no hint of inspiration behind the camera.
McGregor swings for the fences in his portrayal of an anguished father, but the only thing he hits is an obnoxious metaphor about how the 60s killed America.
The filmmaking is prosaic when it should crackle with tension and disruptive undercurrents ...
Ewan McGregor's directorial debut is as flat and strangled as Philip Roth's novel is furious and expansive.
American Pastoral doesn't quite nail its tone, but it's a compelling enough adaptation with a few truly inspired moments.

@highlight

American Pastoral finds debuting director Ewan McGregor's reach exceeding its grasp with a well-intentioned Philip Roth adaptation that retains the form, but little of the function, of its source material.