If you like "Lifestyles of the Rich and Famous," you'll like this film about fashion icon Valentino. But it's an absorbing, fly-on-the-wall documentary regardless.
It's ultimately difficult to envision all but the most ardent of fashion fans finding much to embrace in Valentino: The Last Emperor...
It's interesting to a degree, but without a strong knowledge of the fashion industry, a novice will be left out in the cold.
It does pull back the curtain on a traditionally withdrawn public figure. For that alone, the documentary is a fascinating glimpse into a mind that's always on the go.
The documentary film crew gets remarkable behind-the-scenes access to Valentino's fashion empire.
Frothy doc on the iconic fashion designer Valentino.
You don't have to be a fashionista to get something out of this unique documentary about the famous designer, his way of working, and his long term relationship with business partner Giancarlo Giammetti.
An antidote to weepy tales such as "Philadelphia" and "Brokeback Mountain". Yes, Virginia, gay people can enjoy long-term relationships.
What a nice surprise to settle in for a fashion documentary and find a touching love story hidden within its glamorous folds.
The film successfully paints a picture of how this relationship worked so well as a business; it's less capable of penetrating the emotional story.
Stays firmly, admiringly, on the surface of things -- which is where all fashion kings should reign.
From naked models draped in fabric, to private jet passengers draped in dogs, Valentino is a warts and all, fly on the wall insight into the life of one of the great fashion designers. Unfortunately in this flick there are more warts than all.
Matt Tyrnauer's documentary about the venerable Italian fashion designer, Valentino, has been billed as a love story, and so it is.
The unique behind-the-scenes profile Tyrnauer has achieved makes this more than just another excuse to look at beautiful models in pretty frocks, and a film not only for fashionistas.
Mostly compelling documentary, though there are aspects to the fashion legend's story that are unfortunately neglected.
We're as fascinated by his eccentricity as we are impressed at his high standards and taste.
This remarkably intimate portrait, made with less formality than you might expect, gives a real insight into Valentino as a living, working phenomenon at the end of his career
A wonderful documentary that allows us to peek at the excess but stays real by its candid fly on the wall approach. It's riveting, insightful, funny and enjoyable as we go on and behind the catwalks and glimpse the public and private Valentino Garavani
It's like the death of true creative fashion happening before our eyes. The insight into a fashion house like Valentino is illuminating.
More reality show than fashion show, it's slight but still as fun as it is fashionable.
By glossing over much of the Italian designer's past, Tyrnauer assumes a certain level of familiarity with his subject from his intended audience. If you can't tell Valentino from Versace, you ain't it. That said, The Last Emperor isn't totally ina
So enamored of its subject, legendary Italian fashion designer Valentino Garavani, that it almost loses sight of explaining why he's so great in the first place.
This up-close portrait delivers all the runway glamor and backstage gossip that fashionistas crave, yet it's also unexpectedly poignant.
The director only skims over the historical material. In taking for granted that this background is familiar to all, the film drives home the fact that high fashion is made by the few for the few.
There's only one monarch mentioned in the title of Valentino: The Last Emperor. But Matt Tyrnauer's breezy and entertaining look inside the world of high fashion is very much a two-man show.
Superficial but giddily entertaining.
Frequently this doc plays like a real-life Fellini movie, filled with beautiful people and bizarre incidents. And ultimately it's an unexpectedly touching love story.
If I really wanted to indulge in stargazing, I'd just as soon hook up a telescope in the backyard and aim it at the night sky.
As Valentino's team of seamstresses pore over a sequined white dress, entirely hand-sewn, and finally premiere it to the designer in its flawless, couture glory, it's all you can do not to gasp with pleasure.
If Valentino doesn't reveal much about the man, it argues convincingly that the elaborate gowns, like the vintage one Julia Roberts wore to accept her Oscar, will outlive him, anyway.
The rich may be very different than you and me, but you have no idea how different until you see "Valentino."
[Director] Tyrnauer and the movie seem blinded by Valentino's stardom and start to lose their way. As a result, the documentary is unfocused.
In a time where fashion is reduced to tawdry reality shows, Valentino: The Last Emperor reinjects the sophistication and elegance in what some say is a lost art form.
It has little to say about humanity in general, or even Valentino specifically, but it is fun and glitzy.
Garavani's remembrances, and those of lifelong friend and manager Giancarlo Giammetti, evoke the smoky opulence of mid-20th-century class.
What we're left with is a touching love story, an outsized spectacle and a glorious bit of color in an often all too drab world.
Together these two competing threads wrap one around the other to show us images and people we seldom get the opportunity to see, their competing agendas taking on an emotional subtext that's extremely fascinating.
Lovely to look at, perhaps, but in the end there's not much to it behind the surface glamour.
You wouldn't necessarily want to be Valentino, but this sprightly film may make you nostalgic for a life you've never lived.
Above all, Valentino is a celebration of beauty and love, and the ways in which one begets the other.
[A] frothily entertaining documentary.
The film feels as glitzy and superficial as the fashion industry itself, a bauble in full regalia, and it's likely your interest in the documentary will depend largely on your prior interest in the subject matter.
True to the Valentino prerogative, it's beautiful -- sad, too: a dream life moving into the unknown.
This documentary, chronicling two years leading up to his spectacular 45th anniversary gala in 2007 by the Colosseum in Rome, is as much about the brand and harsh realities of the fashion biz as the man himself.
In this time of economic distress, watching the twilight of Valentino's enormous success, and the extravagant lifestyle it funded, doesn't feel like it's worth a lot of tears.
From Valentino Garavani's imperious carriage and diva fits to his coterie of tiny dogs, the subject of Tyrnauer's doc comes off like a fictional character, scripted by a writer with a weakness for cliché.
This love letter to Valentino from director Matt Tyrnauer seems intended for the already smitten.
A thoroughly entertaining look at the preparations for Valentino's last haute couture show and how, indeed, he represents the last of an era of highly trained couturiers who are being swallowed up by mergers and acquisitions.
It's a celebration worthy of the Sun King and a fitting way for both the designer and this unexpectedly involving documentary to literally and metaphorically bring it all back home.
Seldom has a film explored such exotica as Valentino's world -- the gowns, the galas, the villas, the private jets, the redundant pugs...with such a sense of momentous drama behind the glitz.
A beautifully observed portrait of a power gay couple that is as entertaining as it is illuminating.
Part celebrity dish, part business journalism...illuminating 2008 documentary.
As exciting as clothing bought off the rack at K-Mart and less informative than even the weakest episode of "Project Runway."
The filmmaker's access was impressive, the results moderately entertaining.
Valentino: The Last Emperor is a documentary with privileged access to the legendary designer in his studio, workshop, backstage, his homes, even aboard his yacht and private jet.
Matt Tyrnauer's sharp-eyed documentary Valentino: The Last Emperor follows the luxury-loving pooh-bah and his indispensable, since-forever lover and business partner, Giancarlo Giammetti, through a season of magical dresses and minor diva snits.
Those previously unfamiliar with the work of Valentino will find it to be sporadically interesting. Everyone else, especially fashion aficionados, will find it to be superficial, unprovocative and bland.
Valentino: The Last Emperor makes no attempt at being a definitive portrait of Valentino. It is content to be a breezy look at the designer's twilight years.
Lively and affectionate, Matt Tyrnauer's documentary is made for those who believe, as he does, that the work of fashion designer Valentino is worthy of the most respectful chronicle.
Watching Valentino: The Last Emperor is a little like gorging on chocolate and Champagne.
A genuine Felliniesque procession of the rich, powerful and over-awed.
Beautifully organized.
This splendidly eye-filling documentary about the last of the grand couturiers is as seductive and glamorous as high fashion itself.
Awash with celebrity, the documentary is a rubbernecker's delight.
Tyrnauer's [film] extols Valentino's extreme lavishness as a kind of honorable, defiant stance (sneaking away to Gstaad as investment bankers take over his company), but demurs from searching for its subject's gravitas.
Now is not the time to venerate kings.
Tyrnauer succeeds in making a documentary in which man and his creations are one and the same. Yes, Valentino lives in opulence, but his gowns exist in that stratosphere too.








@highlight

Valentino: the Last Emperor utilizes its access to the fashion icon to the fullest, and the result is a glitzy, dishy, and insightful documentary.