... rarely are stupidity and absurdity so hilarious. [Full review in Spanish]
There may be no good reason for such a surreal and crazy story about a sponge living in a place called "Bikini Bottom" with a starfish as a best friend to be quite this funny or endearing.
People who love the TV series do so for the silly details, hilarious villains, the awesome cameos and the way Patrick shows that ignorance can be bliss. As long as we get that, it is fine.
Delightful and funny in a cheesy, silly way, [the film] is a kind of cinematic sugar rush.
The second feature film based on the long-running animated series, Paul Tibbitt's The SpongeBob Movie: Sponge Out of Water is actually much better than it looks.
SpongeBob fans -- children, sober and non-sober adults alike -- will be singing the theme song together by the movie's end.
The gags are delivered to rapid fire, so you're only half way through groaning at one before the next has made you smile.
This is SpongeBob's second outing on the big screen, and this time the filmmakers employ some glorious new 3D animation to give the sponge a little twist.
A time travel sequence is an eye-searing mind-melter, while the scene in which Plankton literally enters SpongeBob's brain mixes the sickly sweet esthetic of the Candyland board game with the nightmare surrealism of 1938's 'Porky in Wackyland.'
Sponge Out of Water strikes an effective balance between goofball humor that will entertain the kids and adult-targeted humor of a more wink-wink nature.
This elaborately plotted family film takes that goofily optimistic, bucktoothed sweetie SpongeBob SquarePants out from the animated briny depths of Bikini Bottom and up to the real, or at least fantastically computer-generated, reality of dry land.
I was surprised by how watchable I found it.
Tibbitt and his crew cleverly blend ink-and-paint animation, CGI and live action, and the result is great fun, slyly calculated to convulse the kiddies and keep their parents alternately chuckling and laughing out loud.
The true take-away: fast-food-obsessed sea animals don't fry-cook up a sizzling comedy. Too much of the film lacks zip, invention and anarchic fun, offering instead forced and strained silliness.
If there are two words that best describe this often surreal serving of a movie, those would be "playfully deranged."
It often feels like a whole lot of episodes strung together.
A wall-to-wall delight peppered with gags for adults, Spongebob 2 absolutely holds up to a second viewing.
Bonkers laugh... like a colourful, senses-pounding rush. The Spongebob Movie: Sponge Out Of Water offers far more craziness than David Hasselhoff could in the first film.
An animated Monty Python movie you can take the whole family to.
The live-action sequences, in which Antonio Banderas chews the pirate scenery, may not live up to the Looney Tunes madness of the cartoons, but for sheer head-scrambling craziness this is hard to beat.
The prolonged live-action sequence is great fun, but ends too quickly. It seems like a lost opportunity.
Intermittently, SpongeBob's latest feature is very funny indeed, even for non-devotees of the original series.
Sponge Out of Water has a frenetic, Looney Tunes pacing and a head-spinning, surreal story that makes you wonder whether it's aimed at children or stoners.
Absurdity abounds in this odyssey of groan-worthy punning, new ways of defying cartoon physics, epic food fights, trippy time-travel, and superhero sendups.
SpongeBob SquarePants has always been aimed much more at childish adults than actual children, and this deranged comical adventure is no exception...
Under the expert guidance of TV series writer/director Paul Tibbitt, sophisticated adult gags jostle with inspired childish silliness, each element dovetailing for increased inventiveness.
Almost every line is a zinger, which can be appreciated in a state of total sobriety: it's a non-stoner stoner film - and very funny.
The film moves like a pyjama case full of angry weasels, and finds ingenious ways to cram every scene with just one more loopy, disposable gag or slapstick thwack. It may not be the year's best animated film, but it's almost certainly the most.
There's a streak of madness running through The SpongeBob Movie: Sponge Out of Water, elevating it above the usual run-of-the-mill animated fare into something that, at its best, is inspired lunacy.
In praise of teamwork, this second SpongeBob movie in 3D with its combo of adorable animated characters and integrated live action is bright, amusing, clever, naïve and hugely inventive
It's a simple premise with proven appeal, giving director Paul Tibbitt and his team freedom to construct a film where just about every element of the storytelling exists to be parodied and undermined.
What it delivers is what it promises: a battery of deliciously daft, fast-firing, self-mocking, flavour-rich gags, flung with such zest you don't mind if they're disposable.
For the most part, Sponge Out of Water provides decent-sized doses of wacky animated fun; it's packed full of hilarious one-liners, pop culture references and colourful characters that should keep both adults and kids entertained.
A film of rare ambition in family filmmaking, the obvious result of passion and care.
Psychedelic, colorful and in-your-face, you'll want to soak up the latest from Spongebob.
I never know what I want from commercial animated entertainment, but I do know that I like being able to suspect that -- by the standards of the competition -- its makers might be outlaws and lunatics.
The SpongeBob Movie: Sponge Out of Water finds a reason to come off the TV and onto the movie screen. More than fifteen years since his debut, he feels fresh once again.
Why a movie about an unassuming cartoon sponge felt compelled to adopt the register of a summer blockbuster is beyond me.
It's tough to hold a lack of narrative ambition against any 'toon so eager to lob bit after bit of psychedelic surrealism at its audience, be they wee tykes or stoned adults.
Business as usual for the irrepressibly cheerful, pineapple-dwelling sea-creature.
A nominal theme—complete with theme song—of teamwork. But really, Sponge Out of Water is about little more than fast food and ice cream, with the same promise of empty calories.
Silly, surreal and squeezable, SpongeBob scores again.
Laugh out loud funny, visually engaging, and entertaining for anyone of any age, Sponge Out of Water proves that Spongebob has plenty left in the tank and is bound to allow us to visit his pineapple under the sea for many years to come.
...a labor of love by all involved and for those that have been with the franchise since it made its first appearance on the Nickelodeon channel way back in 1999.
While the sequences outside the ocean will attract the most attention, the most endearing segments are those that keep the characters bumbling and bickering close to home.
Ask A Five-Year Old: Q: What was your favorite part? A: When SpongeBob pulled down Patrick's pants.
The SpongeBob Movie is essentially a kid-friendly stoner comedy, but also one that's clever and inspired enough to keep SpongeBob fans entertained.
This is not just a good SpongeBob movie - it is a genuinely great use of cinema as a visual medium, funny as hell and utterly random in its dream-logic
Sometimes, certain kids' movies are so flat-out weird that they eventually become cult classics for viewers who take pleasure in not being able to quite believe what they're seeing.
To the many devoted followers of SpongeBob and his underwater friends, this may come off as snobbish, or even sacrilegious, but, unlike many animated characters, I found nothing remotely funny or redeeming about these cartoon denizens.
But after a few minutes, the movie abruptly switches to full animation, and rather primitive animation, at that. You could practically hear the collective sigh of the audience.
Fun, goofy SpongeBob movie is as trippy as the show.
It's big, loud, choppy, in-your-face, and absolutely, positively glorious.
Not the most gripping narrative, but the frenetic pace and nonstop gags will please young fans.
An exercise in fun. There's no deeper meaning to it. Just a lot of nautical nonsense thrown at the map by some creative people who are still in love with their creation. (Full Content Review -- Sex, Profanity, Violence, etc. -- for Parents available)
Though some parents and older non-parents are into Sponge Bob the concept is really aimed at little ones. A 90-minute film is painful for them - and us - to squirm through.
"The SpongeBob Movie: Sponge Out of Water" remains true to the surrealism of its animated television roots. But it also tries to force a live-action element which isn't as comfortable a fit as a certain pair of symmetrical trousers.
A funny sequel too slow to get to what the entire audience wants and has been promised.
Even childless (and sober) I still had a pretty good time, and if you like silliness with a sprinkling of surrealism, you will too.
The SpongeBob Movie: Sponge Out of Water mostly nails what has always made the character, and his brightly coloured underwater world, so endearing: the abundant innocence, the welcome lack of cynicism and the out-and-out stupidity.
While less fluid and fresh than its 2004 predecessor, the new film displays enough nutty writing and sheer brio to confirm the stamina of its enduring and skillfully voiced characters.
Teamwork is the theme here, but the SpongeBob team wouldn't dream of preaching, instead pushing imaginations to their limits.
Deliriously silly story, tender-hearted and cheery.
For my part, it's the most laughs I've had at a theatre this year.
The bulk of Sponge Out of Water stays submerged, hand-drawn and Banderas-free, still delivering the coy wit, surrealism and absurdity that come hand-in-hand with SpongeBob's frivolous, childish whimsy.
All of the strangely charming cartoony undersea nonsense of SpongeBob that's delighted kids and stoners for year comes to the surface in "The SpongeBob Movie: Sponge Out of Water." Prepare to giggle.
Maybe we shouldn't have expected too much from "The SpongeBob Movie: Sponge Out of Water."
A goofy gag-filled surf-and-turf romp that will entertain adults with its ridiculous lunacy as it delights kids with colourful fun.
This animated movie isn't about anything, really, so don't look for morals or thematic undercurrents. But even at its most mundane, it's still pretty trippy.
clearly enjoys the times when it can push the boundaries of its 15 year old idea and bring a new perspective to the participants and their problems
There's something about this project that, despite checking all of the requisite plot and sensibility boxes, doesn't convey as an organic work of SpongeBob-ishness.
Even kids will smell something phony about the repeated cheers of "Teamwork!" And any grown-up who thinks the obvious puns are somehow clever or subversive has been smoking seaweed.
You can tell the script is short on punch lines by how often it resorts to poop and fart jokes, the last refuge of the desperate gag writer.
[The film] runs a reasonable-sounding 92 minutes. Yet those 92 feel like more than enough.
The film strives to be weird as often as funny. But it's such a good-natured kind of weird that the viewer can't help but succumb to this barrage of 'nautical nonsense.'
A breezy, colorful, giddily zany return trip to Bikini Bottom.
Children may be delighted, and perhaps also addled.
"The SpongeBob Movie: Sponge Out of Water" weaves a silly - and often funny - spell. It's a scrappy little B-movie that zips along rather entertainingly.
The spirit of the series remains true: cheerfully random jokes, blink-and-you'll-miss-them references and, above all, a silly, stubbornly sentimental streak that only the crabbiest cynic could dismiss.
While the outcome is intermittently funny, it's also watered-down and hyperactive.
Director Paul Tibbitt takes all of the visual humor and presents it in both sparkling traditional animation and stunning computer-generated sequences for dry land.
The story is just a pretext for sustained, rapid-fire gags, many of them hysterical, that range from movie parodies to Gary Larson-worthy flights of cartoon weirdness.
It's amiable goofiness, delivered at an emphatic, feverish pitch.
The plot is straightforward, predictable and slight, no more intricate a plot than a 15-minute TV episode would have. It's the freewheeling madness of its execution that makes the movie such a trip - as in acid trip.
Nothing new or exciting for Spongebob fans. It's even more painful if you're not a fan.
There's no heartfelt, overarching message here-even teamwork, as much as it's mentioned, doesn't seem to stick with anyone-but that doesn't detract from the fun.
This megadose of Spongeyness is laugh-out-loud funny. A lot.
It's consistent fun, with the franchise showing little sign of fatigue. Perhaps a hesitance to sequelize is present, but once the film gets rolling, it's hard to recall the decade-long distance since the last animated extravaganza.
Ultimately, for the show's fans, it may not matter if "Sponge Out of Water" shows a hint of mildew.
If you like the yellow guy on TV, you should have a good, squishy time here, too.
Although moments of playful wit abound throughout, Sponge Out of Water is often so nosily frenetic, it verges on being assaultive.
['SpongeBob'] really is the 'Three Stooges' of the modern day (albeit less violent and with more good vibes), where the jokes don't have to be great (and especially don't have to be sophisticated) but just have to keep coming.
Not remotely original, but loopy and small-fry friendly.
Its dedication to the transgressive power of frivolity remains the franchise's greatest weapon.
It may not be be the smartest animated flick out there, but with all the wildly weird happenings, and impressive 3D effects being flung out at you, it is absolutely entertaining. Simply put, SpongeBob rocks!
Eight-year-old me probably would have found SpongeBob's antics vastly more entertaining, but alas, I now need my seagull poop jokes coupled with something more substantial.
This is primarily an exercise in hyperactivity meant to spark glee in kids and draw chuckles from adults. The effect is admittedly ephemeral, yet while the film is running it is altogether effective.
While it has plenty of zany moments, SpongeBob's second feature outing proves less absorbing than the first.
Preserves the sweet, surreal charm of the long-running Nickelodeon cartoon series and adds a bit of novelty by mixing some 3D live action in with its 3D animation.
At times there's a genuine sense of daring to the film's freewheeling anarchy, its refusal to stick to a central theme or impart any sort of lesson.
You certainly don't have to be a fan of the show to find yourself enchanted by the goofball humor.


@highlight

The SpongeBob Movie: Sponge Out of Water won't win over many viewers who aren't fans of the show, but for the converted, it's another colorful burst of manic fun.