The film's almost constant tight focus on the mystery kept my palms sweating and my mind racing to try to interpret the clues myself.
I'm just going to say this up front: The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo is the best female epic revenge saga since Kill Bill.
... for many the original Swedish take offers the definitive screen versions of Lisbeth Salander and Mikael Blomkvist. [T]he Swedish TV mini-series presentation offers the most complete screen version of the story.
Rapace goes out of her way to insure you never forget her Lisbeth Salander, a diminutive gal with a colossal chip on her shoulder.
A clever story of murder and mystery interspersed with various acts of cyber-crime and corporate intrigue, it's the most refreshing thriller in recent memory.
full review at Movies for the Masses
The final result is an adaptation that's just about as successful as its literary predecessor, with the film occasionally exceeding the book in a few areas...
... The rare film that lives up to the hype preceding it.
So exquisitely crafted and the final result is a good treat for anyone who enjoys the journey of movies.
Dragon Tattoo is from the beginning far more about it's hero's than it's villains which is a pleasant change. It's dark and dismal and beautiful and human and everything a crime film should be.
Witless, suit-and-tie porn posing as Great Art.
Stieg Larsson's ... millions of fans [were] waiting to pounce on any missteps ... Fortunately, director Niels Arden Oplev has got things right.
Do people love the original book so much they're willing to forgive a film that is sorely lacking in substance, motivation, action, tension, ambiguity and style?
Graphic sexual violence in thrilling subtitled crime drama.
Usprkos toga to je Larsson i kod nas ario i palio po knjiarama, hrvatski distributeri dosad nisu imali razumijevanja za vedsku trilogiju
It's really quite ingenious in a rather basic way.
Very few murder mysteries are as dark as this one. Fortunately, there is also some light in this movie to offset all that darkness.
An overlong, gestating, and sadistic version of a Murder She Wrote episode, The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo is all hype, confusing shocking imagery for thrilling storytelling.
Met with much success throughout the world, and one must wonder if its rather old-fashioned mystery feel had something to do with it.
Fans of the book have been disappointed in this workmanlike adaptation, but coming to it with no expectations it is quite involving...
It's not surprising David Fincher has put his hand up for the remake, as the subject material is right up his alley, a la Seven and Zodiac but an English-language remake seems so pointless (as usual) given the quality here.
[W]hile the film offers silly fun for a while, its ultimate schizophrenia and self-seriousness become its undoing.
An engrossing and classically suspenseful story
The film version by director Niels Arden Oplev is a faithful adaptation of the novel...perhaps too faithful to work completely as cinema, but well-produced nonetheless.
[S]ee it if you love movies with compelling characters doing fascinating things and overcoming tremendous obstacles to get to an immensely satisfying end.
Director Niels Arden Oplev recognizes Larsson's affinity for the structure of American mysteries, and gives the film a slick Hollywood pacing that keeps it constantly driving forward without ever sacrificing the inherent brains or guts of the story.
A stylish mystery that both conforms to the genre and departs from it in interesting ways.
It may not address every need of a commercially conscious viewer, but those with enough patience will be rewarded with something rich - and revelatory.
An engaging thriller that makes the most of its complex characters, [but] it's still not as good as the book.
Revel[s] in its seedier aspects ... while appropriating every aesthetic trope from the modern Hollywood thriller handbook.
The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo is a handsome thriller, anchored by an arresting performance in the title role by Noomi Rapace.
The film adaptation of [Larsson's] novel is a gut-wrenching, propulsive thriller, packed with emotion, horror, and fascinating characters. And running through it all, like a slender thread, is a harrowing sense of reality.
A well-acted, visceral story of an avaricious family that includes three Nazis and a serial killer.
Nothing beats a good whodunit.
The entire third act seems contrived, unconvincing and not compelling.
...while all of the performances are strong, Rapace owns this movie and this character, to the point that casting anyone else as Lisbeth seems ridiculous.
I'll happily sit for two more movies featuring this pair; I only wish there could be more.
The movie takes its time entangling a reporter-turned-investigator and a hacking punkette into its multigenerational family mystery, but once it gets there it becomes a solid, old-fashioned slab of detective fiction.
A chilling detective tale, a horrific sexual abuse drama and an overlong, emotional, tie-up-every-loose-end melodrama that is sure to be half an hour shorter when Hollywood remakes it without Swedish dialogue and probably without the cool Swedish edge.
The Swedish thriller 'The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo' miraculously causes the adjectives 'convoluted' and 'implausible' to become positive
A haunting and relentless film ... But for the scenes [of violence, rape and torture], I would recommend [it] without reservation.
A Hollywood version would have gone right for a blood-spattered prologue, while this Swedish version (faithful to the best-selling book by Stieg Larsson) slowly builds its chills, creating an overwhelming feeling of dread.
The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo takes one on a journey down the icy roads to hell, with a dogged, investigative journalist and an avenging punk angel -- an odd couple par excellence.
The picture, reduced to a black-and-white kind of manhunt, is visually black-and-white as well. It's set in the snowy landscape of rural Sweden, where the self-effacing and pale-faced Blomkvist blends into the wintry scenes.
A lurid, painstakingly rendered episode involving the 'girl's' sexually abusive probation officer is redundant and suspect; it offers a chance to identify with a leering abuser even as it encourages a lust for revenge.
Reminiscent in tone and execution of a well-worn Agatha Christie novel, as it should be.
None of its 146-minute running time is dull, each turn of the plot makes sense, and the outcome of just about everything is extremely satisfying.
It's a rare phenomenon on American screens: a paranoid, vigilante-glamorizing left-wing vision. I just wish its heroine had been given emotional shadings beyond suffering, rage and sullen endurance.
... a sensational, spine-chilling thriller that will leave you clenching the arms on your theater chair until your knuckles turn white.
The film belongs to Noomi Rapace, who creates one of the most fascinating screen creations in recent memory
Built in the Hollywood tradition, it's a dark and relentless thriller, and one of the most engaging and accessible foreign films to come along since Tell No One.
Rapace's haunting, enigmatic Lisbeth is the element that leaves you eager for the next two installments. She's fantastic, and so is the movie.
A slick thriller with a surfeit of craftsmanship, rather more entertaining, perhaps, than it is memorable or "good".
The storytelling intelligent, and the two leads are endlessly watchable. The casting is impeccable.
A bracing survey course on the mystery genre set in a Scandinavian landscape as cold as a killer's kiss.
Appreciation of the film relies more on the performances than the problem-solving, and Rapace delivers a complicated and deliciously contrary performance that tattoos Lisbeth Salander straight onto the brain.
Director Niels Arden Oplev and two credited screenwriters have trouble resolving all of this and putting a somewhat happier spin on the story and characters at the end.
Hacker meets journo and pleasure meets pain in this complex screen adaptation
The film becomes a mish-mash of television crime dramas, albeit a stylish one.
Even shorn of many of its darkly evocative subplots and characters, this adaptation of Swedish novelist Steig Larrson's lacerating thriller is true to the story's bitter heart.
Salander is one of the strangest and most eccentric female heroines you will ever encounter.
Lisbeth's actions essentially communicate that two wrongs make a right. But after you see what she goes through, her strength to fight back makes you want to cheer.
Good detective stories need a solid mystery, sure, but they also thrive on unusual characters. The Swedish Girl With the Dragon Tattoo has a whopper.
You don't mess with Lisbeth Salander. And you'd do well not to miss her, either.
The story that was so compelling on the page, about the disappearance of a teenage girl 40 years earlier, feels simplified and literal.
A clever mix of classic noir themes and commercialized filmmaking techniques.
It's the tender rapport that develops between Lisbeth and the older Blomqvist that sustains our interest in this violent, overlong film.
One of the best whodunits in quite awhile. Despite the length, you want the story to go on after it's finished. Hope to see these characters again. A great film! Paul Chambers, CNN.
The mismatched leads make a compelling pair, and director Niels Arden Oplev keeps the action relatively tight.
"Girl" is very much a movie without concession or restroom breaks: go prepared. The downside is that too much is not enough: the relentless - frequently unlikely - rush of events may astonish, but doesn't allow much emotional involvement.
A heady brew, but a largely satisfying one.
The acting, cinematography and production design work well without being overstated. We aren't treated to Dutch Angle abuse to falsely inflate tension. Instead, the story and the characterizations drive the suspense.
Intense and indelibly gripping thriller
An engrossing, well-directed and superbly acted mystery that could be the thriller of the year.
The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo grapples with far more than "whodunit." And it does a handy job of answering that question, too.
This is not your mother's murder mystery, unless... she has an appallingly bleak vision of modern society that occasionally fixates on the historical misdeeds of the corporate/industrial world and the correction thereof.
There's a lot to revel in, be provoked by and obsess over.
all a little too much like an entry in the Ilsa, She-Wolf of the SS series.
For a full 152 minutes I sat in the theatre spellbound, and while I knew a lot of time was passing not once did I ever want to leave my seat as I was for all intents and purposes glued right to it.
Oplev focuses on the characters with grim intensity, simultaneously delivering a suspenseful thriller spring-loaded with shocks.
Highlighted by Noomi Rapace's terrific performance, this is a good mystery, albeit with graphic scenes of torture and sadism, despite often illegible subtitles.
The violence in this movie is so intense and upsetting and... I don't think actually serves the purposes of the storytelling or the points this movie wants to make.
An intriguing and sometimes disturbing mystery that works reasonably well as a stand-alone film.
Danish director Niels Arden Oplev faithfully and intelligently transfers the first volume of Stieg Larsson's hugely popular detective trilogy to the screen.
Director Niels Arden Oplev finds visually compelling ways to convey something as cerebral as puzzle solving, building an intriguing mystery with surprising twists and turns.
It's efficient, and it builds up the tension as we cut between the dangerous life of Lisbeth Salander and Blomkvist's investigation on a wintry northern island into what happened in the mad, bad, sad Vanger family 40 years ago.
Stieg Larsson's best-selling crime novel has all the makings of a cinematic thriller. As directed by Niels Arden Oplev in Swedish with English subtitles, Tattoo is mesmerizing.
This is a capable, engaging thriller, which ties up one mystery even as it asks another about the past of Lisbeth Salander. The screen has a new avenging angel.
Newcomer Rapace is captivating as the heavily pierced and tattooed femme and resourceful anti-authority avenger. At the same time, she is also able to successfully convey her complex character's more vulnerable, emotionally wounded and softer side.
The characterisations are only half-deep, and some of the coincidences almost ridiculous, but the twists and turns are the main game.
An intriguing, intelligent and suspenseful thriller boasting a radiant, captivating performance by the scene-stealing Noomi Rapace.
Noomi Rapace throws herself into the title role, but something about the conception of her character, and about the far-reaching urgency of the sociopathic shocks behind the killing, smacks of a filmmaker pushing too hard.
Barrels beyond a pastiche of classic mysteries by paring down a very exposition-heavy novel into a very visual thriller that doles out the revelations for maximum suspense.
[A] strong contender for thriller of the year.
Noomi Rapace more or less looks the part that the filmmakers don't let her fully play.
Noomi Rapace offers up such a strong, sexy and determined presence that to watch her kicking ass both literally and from behind her computer is to watch a star being born right before your eyes.
Lisbeth Salander is a lady with an intellectual capacity and determination for revenge like no one we've ever seen. Noomi Rapace captivates us with that, and a mercurial beauty that fulfills Steig Larsson's image precisely.
The author is a sharp social critic, so what his characters uncover isn't just crime, but a whole dark side to Swedish society -- not least a terrible, sadistic misogyny.
A great piece of natural indie noir film making that entertains for all of its 152-minute run time.
Lisbeth Salander is the first heavily punked-out, mentally unstable heroine in the mystery-thriller genre, and she's a kick-ass wonder to watch.
A stylish thriller with real complexity, people with interesting faces, a sensational actress cast as an ambisexual Goth hacker heroine -- the news about The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo is nothing but good.
A finely plotted, stylishly photographed and brilliantly acted whodunit that clocks in at 2 1/2 hours but never seems long.
It's the rare 2 1/2 -hour film that doesn't make you look at your watch once. The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo is such a film.
After "Shutter Island" and "Red Riding," a scary British trilogy sure to find a cult following on DVD, the Swedish thriller "The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo" arrives, and it's a perfect addition to the horror show.
Rapace, whom I've never seen before, captures those contradictions so magnetically that whenever she was off-screen, I found myself wishing the movie would just stick with her.
There's nothing calming about director Niels Arden Oplev's style, which is fast and furious and smartly mirrors content.
Those who stick it out will see an especially dark murder mystery that presents Swedish society as corrupt and profoundly antagonistic to women.
Everyone has secrets in the The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo, a mind-bending and mesmerizing thriller that takes its time unlocking one mystery only to uncover another, all to chilling and immensely satisfying effect.
Rapace, a brooding beauty who won a Swedish Oscar for this performance -- and also appears in two more forthcoming installments of this series -- invests Lisbeth with a powerful, wounded dignity; she's much more than a Lara Croft-style cartoon.
Like a respectable TV pilot ... lays the groundwork for an intriguing series and succeeds best in introducing its key characters.
If you ignore The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo (from the global bestseller by the late Stieg Larsson) because it's in Swedish with English subtitles, you probably deserve the remake Hollywood will surely screw up.
A densely plotted 2 1/2-hour saga, with enough mutilation, serial homicide, S&M rough stuff, cold-blooded violence and frank nudity to spice up the saggy bits.
Told with a jolting, lurid energy, The Runaways feels oddly off-balance.
The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo is rife with nightmarishly violent and horrific behavior. It's intense, graphic, frightening. And, yes, exhilarating.
...a dark and twisty thriller that would have benefited from a bit more style and less fascination with the seamier aspects of the story.
It's easy to forget how dissatisfying so much Hollywood trash is until you see a good imported version.
A long and drawn-out Swedish crime-drama.
Rapace -- while not mapping exactly to the book's physical descriptions -- owns the role so thoroughly that one can only hope the role doesn't end up owning her and limiting her opportunities.
A poisonous gem, in large part thanks to fearless performances and an unwaveringly graphic sensibility that doesn't flinch at the most horrific parts of Larsson's story.
Although The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo doesn't overcome all of its genre's clichés (particularly in the unnecessary romance between its leads) it still shakes off most of the cobwebs that have for years been creeping into detective films.
The film is at its best during the first hour or so, as the many threads of the central mystery are slowly, but surely woven together.
Imposingly violent, tightly plotted, and the superbly acted, the picture is an intriguing introduction to these acidic characters and world of abuse, taking viewers on quite a ride.
...a quality translation, comparable to what Ron Howard could have done with his Dan Brown films had the source material been worthy.
more of a compressed miniseries vomited onto the big screen, an experience that feels like it has had some critical information cut out of it rather haphazardly.
The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo is exceptionally well-acted. But I've sort of had it with this stuff, whether it's American or Swedish.
The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo is a compelling thriller to begin with, but it adds the rare quality of having a heroine more fascinating than the story.
It's over-long and almost pathologically detailed, but it's also an extremely effective and well-made thriller.
Veers from Visconti's The Damned to Jonathan Demme's The Silence of the Lambs without the decadence or the thrills of either. In this case, the victim is Larsson.
The cluttered narrative leaves little room for character development, though director Niels Arden Oplev does manage to accommodate plenty of gratuitous torture and rape.
The film makes excellent use of the cold Scandinavian landscape to emphasize the story's gloomy loneliness. And Rapace and   Nyqvist have compelling chemistry.
Can we please have a moratorium on serial killer, Holocaust and child-abuse combos?
When it gets going, Oplev's film delivers but it's way too long (at around 150 minutes) and will test the patience of many audience members.
Every so often, you get the gift of watching an under-the-radar actor bloom into a critical-mass phenomenon before your bloodshot eyes...
Catch it before the inevitable U.S. remake.
Supremely efficient in its storytelling, it's also acutely atmospheric and suspenseful...
It's hypnotically watchable and tense as a drum.
Their dynamic is the main strength of the film; it's just a shame so much reverence has been paid to the novel's many twists and turns. It's paced more like a TV mini-series than a cinematic experience.
It's an intriguing, dramatic and sometimes frightening mystery, well worth a look for lovers of gritty thrillers.
If the whole trips up with an ordinary first few chapters, Rapace, Blomqvist and Oplev ensure that it delivers in the end.
It's an enjoyable peek at the nasty underbelly of society.
It compresses the twisting, complex plot into a darkly compelling thriller in which all the elements have room to breathe and nothing feels rushed or oversimplified.
Director Niels Arden Oplev deftly weaves together the unusual mix of mystery, disturbing psychodrama and offbeat romance, keeping the action taut and engrossing from first scene to nail-biting climax.
It's an exhilarating ride - well paced, gripping and with an intelligently crafted narrative, meaning it will without doubt have appeal beyond its already established fan base.
This overlong but absorbing murder mystery, adapted from the first of a best-selling trilogy by the late journalist-turned-crime writer Stieg Larsson, dabbles in some pretty dark material.
It is more stolid, more Swedish, but moves along cleverly. And there is a compelling incongruity - like Judge Brack trying to comprehend Hedda Gabler - in the plainness of Niels Arden Oplev's direction, contemplating the infinite wheels of human darkness.
Powerful, graphic, funny and disturbing, an astounding piece of cinema.
Rapace's performance is altogether more thrilling than any that can be imagined from Kristen Stewart, Natalie Portman or any of the mooted co-leads in the promised Hollywood remake.
"The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo" is a sophisticated piece of exploitation cinema that announces its identity as such early on.
This film is probably too long, and it's only after the first hour that the narrative engines are properly revved.
The story demands we swallow numerous implausibilities, including scores of killings going undetected over several decades.
Stieg Larsson's blockbuster crime thriller is brought successfully to the screen, with its quirky Scandinavian details intact.
Director Niels Arden Oplev builds the tension masterfully, the chilling sub-plots delivering shock after shock, while Rapace has an enigmatic presence that burns through the screen.
If only The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo provided the food for thought the novel gave us, it would be a far better film.
Played with an unrelenting intensity and lithe grace by Noomi Rapace, Salander is the driving force in this down-and-dirty Swedish language adaptation of Stieg Larsson's international bestseller.
A breathless, edgy, entertainingly pulpy genre picture.
Steered by director Oplev's firm but fluid hand, the plot remains logical and credible, even during its most brutal revelations.
The pace may flag at times, but the potent and authentic characterisation of Mikael and Lisbeth does wonders for the stamina.
For fans of Larsson's books this could be the highlight of the cinemagoing year - for the rest of us it's a solid, enjoyable but emotionally unengaging detective story.
The effect is a diminution of the book's giant reputation, which, on reflection, may not be such a bad thing.
Despite some flaws, it's worth seeing this well-executed, well-acted Swedish murder mystery, which broke box office records; you're not likely to face such a tough, outrageous (anti)heroine in any American film
You watch this slick, headache-inducing piece of trash in constant awe of how much lower it could possibly go.
A ballsier than thou babe who really knows how to rescue her timid man from danger and relishes retaliatory rape in reverse, delivers potent screen enigma in the masculinization of a profoundly sexually damaged female psyche.
Brilliantly directed, beautifully shot and superbly written.
A dark vitality fuels this cold case in the cold north of Sweden.
The eponymous "girl" is the only reason to see this dull, misconceived drama that centers on a defamed male journalist who takes a job with a rich industrialist.
A dark and brooding story that only gets more disturbing over the course its 152 minute runtime.
Weaves a dark, complex tale...an engrossing, extremely well-made movie
...a movie as lush, dense, character- and story-driven as the lauded novel.
slyly inverts all manner of gender conventions by having its narrative orientation gradually shift from a rather unengaging, anodyne hero to an altogether more dynamic and self-reliant heroine (the girl of the title)
Gives a relatively faithful idea of the novel's ingenious construction but only glimpses of its scathing portrait of Sweden as a corrupt, bankrupt and misogynistic society.
It unfolds not with the breakneck velocity of a typical movie of this sort, but with the gradual, unforced, character-based focus of a novel.
This action/art-house hybrid miraculously manages to be faithful to Larsson's novel without seeming slavish.
Moves like a Maglev mystery train, operating with speed, sharply drawn characters, and enough secrets and turns for an HBO miniseries.
The mystery holds our interest, surprise sex scenes grab our attention and the well judged tone is superbly maintained from start to finish.
The film is conventional but compelling, and tries not to get too cheesy. Its biggest score is the casting of Rapace, who here redeems an otherwise demographically ingratiating character and launches a sensational movie career.
The slickly plotted mystery... and the relentless pace of the leads, clues, revelations and cliffhangers make for a brilliantly satisfying whodunit.
While this is a good murder mystery, it is an even better film about a strong woman who refuses to be a victim. Rapace gives a stirring performance as the weird, disadvantaged woman helping Mikael.
When it wants to, this Dragon definitely breathes fire.
Satisfying mix of mystery, detection, psychosis, weird romance and social criticism.
It's long but this is a film that is as permanent as any tattoo.




@highlight

Its graphic violence and sprawling length will prove too much for some viewers to take, but Noomi Rapace's gripping performance makes The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo an unforgettable viewing experience.