If you are willing to turn a blind eye to the inherently hackneyed nature of "The Burning Plain," though, the film turns out to be somewhat rewarding.
What's that smell? The plain isn't the only thing that's charred in screenwriter Guillermo Arriaga's directorial debut; subtlety goes up in flames too.
Deep-seated emotional problems are examined in a complex movie that, as ever with Arriaga, refuses to fit into a straightforward narrative.
Knowing ... that it's a 20-year old story, one can only conclude the idea behind the film would have been best left unfilmed, an unfinished step toward greater things.
Babel director shows his hand too soon
Arriaga's multi-narrative format got the best of him. Rather than deliver a sense of shock and awe, it's swallowed up by complexity, leaving you to wonder, "This is it?"
When so many cinema releases are instantly forgettable, The Burning Plain clings to the memory...
A melancholy but also profoundly uplifting film by the talented Guillermo Arriaga. Storytelling is an artform and Arriaga is a master
I think Ariaga needs to find another structuring device: this is way too complex, and Arriaga is so busy time-shifting that it takes quite a while to figure out who the characters are, and the way their relationships come together.
It's a hard film to love, partly because of its air of deadly seriousness.
Even if the film is a little contrived, it's quite a haunting experience...
Once it all clicks into place and viewers are left to engage with the characters, the heavy misery and self-importance of the piece becomes overwhelming.
None of the characters breathe... They're knocked helplessly, lifelessly around in the service of the oh-so-serious story.
Charlize Theron and Kim Bassinger star in an intriguing drama where past and present are brought together to reveal how you can be redeemed through love
A dreary mess directed and written by Guillermo Arriaga. Since it is Arriaga's first directing assignment, he can only blame his screenwriter for this uninvolving melodrama.
All of these seemingly disparate stories are related, but Arriaga connects them more slowly than an alert viewer can on his or her own.
It wearily limps along with its joyless obvious tale of loss, guilt and redemption.
Theron continues her string of terrific and daring thespian performances. She lays bare her body and soul in this unforgettable heartbreaking turn.
The film isn't entirely believable in some places, but I did admire the skill of the storytelling and the neat way all the pieces come together.
It lacks whatever Inarritu brought ... something like a joyful playfulness to leaven the dolefulness of Arriaga's literary vision.
Just because a movie has over-sexed blonds, lusty teens, roasted birds, a fire, a plane crash, self-mutilation and Charlize Theron's breasts doesn't mean it won't be bad. But it shouldn't be boring.
Throw in enough symbolism to choke an English-lit major and you have a film challenge that too often feels like a chore.
If Arriaga had allowed us to spend more time with the key characters in this extended tragedy, or had spent some time punching up the plot, The Burning Plain might have had a chance.
Arriaga just sets his cast on mope, with nary a smile present, and the actors slog through the misery as best they can.
Suggestions of a potential smash keep the audience hoping this film will come together but in the end it is too much and too little.
Possibly the stories fit too neatly. If so, it's hardly a fatal flaw.
This undocumented north of the border crossing in reverse romantic drama, likewise crosses borders in a kind of Americanization of the telenovela, with mixed results.
The Burning Plain is missing a surprising and compelling story that packs an emotional punch, so Arriaga uses his signature style to distract you in the same way a magician would use the old sleight of hand practice.
It's serious stuff, intended for serious movie people. The only problem is, serious movie people have already been there, done that.
The result is confusion, not catharsis.
Arriaga bounces around in time and space, a strategy that seems intended to demonstrate his own complexity rather than to serve the story.
To its credit, The Burning Plain grapples with some of the big questions human beings face, but its reach exceeds its grasp.
The film is strikingly photographed and intensely acted, but the tone is overwrought melodrama.
Initially, the puzzle structure and a pair of Oscar-winning actresses distract us from the dark vacuum at the center of this enterprise, but when it implodes, it doesn't reverberate.
Arriaga is a prolific and talented screenwriter as evidenced by "Babel" and "21 Grams", but he falters here.
Men, I ask you this question: can a film where both Charlize Theron and Kim Basinger appear naked be a downer? The answer is yes, surprisingly.
Others may try, but no one can top Guillermo Arriaga for constructing grandiose watchtowers of pretentious pathos, crisscrossed by a melancholy emotional circuitry that nevertheless reassures us that, yes, we are all interconnected, if only in our despair
The scenery (prettily captured by There Will Be Blood cinematographer Robert Elswit) is littered with heavy symbolism (fire! rain! dead birds!); the performances are merely heavy.
A monotonous, suffocating experience with no payoff or purpose, other than noting bad decisions have consequences and pain lasts a long time.
A beautifully made film with arresting performances, but it's pointlessly solemn and disjointed.
Initially intriguing with solid performances and impressive cinematography, but its suspense and poignancy diminish as the anachronic plot structure eventually feels unnecessary, gimmicky and tiresome.
Arriaga's film beats his audience over the head with the pain of its characters but provides no release, no lessons, and no relatable humanity. It's film for masochists only.
The elliptical structure of the narrative can't cover up its overheated, half-baked banality.
Poignant story of infidelity, loss, remorse; not for kids.
Arriaga's achronological, everything-is-connected screenplays lost their originality and surprise, and started to become more like shtick.
That fractured structure worked well for Arriaga in his scripts for other directors. Here the characters aren't compelling enough to ask viewers to give their brains a workout to determine exactly what's going on.
I sat in the theater quietly letting it all sink in, the trickle of tears flowing steadily upon my cheek ones I hesitated to wipe away.
I'll give it one thing though. This may be serious Charlize, but at least she still shows her boobies.
Arriaga's affinity for the humanistic ... propels The Burning Plain.
The emotional elements in all the plot threads are tremendously earnest, but Arriaga's manipulation of time and his abrupt shifts in focus ultimately detract from the knotty narrative puzzle.
transitions so fluidly from an unremarkable multi-narrative to abhorrently over-sentimentalized trash
Told chronologically, it might have accumulated considerable power. Told as a labyrinthine tangle of intercut timelines and locations, it is a frustrating exercise in self-indulgence by writer-director Guillermo Arriaga.
The film cuts back and forth over more than a decade, weaves its way through two settings and winds up at a place heavy on symbolism and melodrama but empty on ideas.
A multi-narrative film that explores the challenges of coming to terms with the past and putting it behind us.
Intricacy of construction takes precedence over depth of meaning or characterization, and the work entailed in figuring things out isn't rewarded by any emotional insight.
For all the pretenses of roiling or suffocated desires, the cast appears to have been ordered to deaden all sensation (except for Basinger, who frets away in an underwritten part).
The Burning Plain marks Arriaga's behind-the-camera debut, and his obviousness is staggering.
An emotionally naked performance by Theron, an actress who knows how to reveal herself without making a big deal of it. It's a showcase role, but not a showy one.
A convoluted, cinematic jigsaw puzzle of Shakespearean proportions!
The film groans with shoddy ironies and overbearing serendipity.
Erotic and haunting, filled with fateful concepts and indelible imagery.
Blonde-haired white women are omens of doom in screenwriter Guillermo Arriaga's arduous directorial debut.
It's not really a who-done-it, it's more of a when'd-ya-guess-it and a who-cares.
In The Burning Plain we follow three-or maybe four-different stories that ultimately converge in ways that are both utterly predictable and completely preposterous.
A cautious, mixed recommendation; Arriaga's film evidences all of his old tricks, but generally ranks out among the better of his works, due to some solid performances. The big strike? A bit of curious overwriting.
Despite high caliber cast (Charlize Theron, Kim Basiner), Arriaga's feature debut is a disappointing mystery that plods along, lacking genuine dramatic interest and relying heavily on his familiar narrative devices.
It's a perfectly adequate way to squander two hours, though I dare say Terminator Salvation will better expand the mind.
Fate breeds fatalism in a tale that Guillermo Arriaga masterfully writes and directs. It's realized so beautifully and viscerally that - I hate to say it - Alejandro Gonzalez Inarritu now seems a little obsolete.
A classic melodrama about thwarted desire, failed relationships, and unrealized dreams, Plain delivers solid turns from a stellar cast.
[Arriaga] has an uncanny understanding of damaged human beings. He needs to step away to let them live.
As if Arriaga filled a balloon with hot air and then just let it go.
A striking feature of the movie is the cool, practical temperaments of the three related female leads. It's a line that adds credibility to a movie of tremendous maturity and restrained passion.
Arriaga's attempt with poignant reconnections at the end can't strike the emotional footnote it wants at the fade as he's muddled it up trying to get us to make all the obvious connections from the previous 100 minutes.
...possesses the feel of a fairly standard drama...
The pacing of the first half is tediously slow, and while this was probably a deliberate decision on Arriaga's part, it does have the effect of dragging the film ...
Despite an OK-to-good cast led by Charlize Theron and Kim Basinger, plus a handsome tech package, this remains an elaborate writing exercise with few emotional hooks.


@highlight

This heavily symbolic, melodramatic multi-narrative drama lacks emotional resonance.