Sudeikis and Brie also bring an astonishing amount of charm, sensuality and real emotion to the proceedings, elevating the film far beyond its rom-com premise. This might go down as the year of the dramatic sex comedy.
A tough watch, sluggishly paced, but youll be fighting off the tears by the end.
George's plight is both heartbreaking and chilling and his time spent in waiting areas, hostels and subway trains inspires a greater sense of both tenderness and thankfulness.
This is a tough, honourably made drama with a poignant performance from Gere.
You'll share George's sense of weariness as he searches for a simple night's sleep, but more importantly you'll believe in the cold world he inhabits, and the complex plight of those around him.
Everyone listed in the final credits - especially writer- director Oren Moverman - should feel proud of their involvement.
Richard Gere is a quiet knockout in Time Out of Mind, the Oren Moverman film that has for some reason remained as below the radar as its invisible (to the rest of society anyway) central character.
Oren Moverman's film is entirely reliant on Gere's acting qualities, which is rather like relying on the Titanic's buoyancy qualities.
Oren Moverman's observational drama about the day-to-day life of George (Richard Gere), a homeless man in New York, is made with delicacy and insight.
The film eventually reels you into its rhythms and the payoff, while slight, is surprisingly rewarding.
It's a drama about the struggle for self-respect in the most parlous of circumstances, providing an ultimately convincing and affecting glimpse into a situation that few will ever face by choice.
Rejoice, fans of silver foxes and Eighties love-gods. A week after Richard Gere scorched the screen as a billionaire morphine addict in The Benefactor, he's back, and this time he's on camera for nearly every frame.
A compassionate and worthwhile work.
Moverman's screenplay boldly rejects conventional plot structure, instead showing us George's life in breaths and snatches. It's all soundtracked by the city itself: a great clamour of engines and voices, disembodied and indistinct.
It peters out on the home stretch, but there's so much here that's impressive.
It's clear that this is a filmmaker with an eye for telling powerful stories in nuanced detail - even if Time Out of Mind may be a little too nuanced for its own good.
Social workers and policy makers talk about people falling between the cracks, and Time Out of Mind is the view from that space that the system isn't built to get into.
At the risk of shattering its delicate creation, Time Out of Mind maintains its detachment and adheres to the confines of George's meandering life.
The film captures the alienated state of homelessness so completely that by the end the average citizens strolling by seem foreign.
Clearly the subject matter compels him-Gere's activism is well known-but this isn't your usual social drama of our culture's down and out.
is a fun little chase flick
Director Oren Moverman doesn't seem all that interested in the grimy horror of homelessness except insofar as it gives him an opportunity to show Gere in the midst of an identity crisis: who am I, and how do I fit into the world?
Another painstaking portrait of an American man in crisis from writer-director Oren Moverman.
"Time Out of Mind" is consciously disoriented and slow, to its own ultimate detriment.
Time Out of Mind takes some patience to watch, but it turns out to be worth the trouble.
Life-affirming in a way that I didn't expect.
Richard Gere stars as an elderly man forced out on the streets of New York City. There isn't much more to the story than that, but for the talented writer-director Oren Moverman it's more than enough.
Ultimately, this is a haunting look at a life, like many, very much on the edge.
It's mildly affecting, but nowhere near where it should be.
I began thinking more of photography than the characters, a situation possibly made a bit worse by the movie's two-hour running time.
Powerful.
If Gere and Moverman get Oscars for it, they deserve them.
Oren Moverman's understated film about a father's struggle with mental illness avoids your typical narrative trickery. No revelatory ups or downs, just a fragmented Richard Gere searching for the words.
It's an almost dreamy piece of work, with very little preaching about the state of homelessness today and instead a deep pondering of existence, surfaces, and identity.
Moverman and cinematographer Bobby Bukowski let their shots linger long, almost uncomfortably so. But that's the point. This film forces you, like George's character, to wait for something to happen.
Richard Gere disappears into the role of a disturbed homeless man on the streets of New York in this bravely unconventional, utterly realistic drama.
The writer and director, Oren Moverman, makes homelessness harshly immersive.
The sound design is equally concerted: this is the world that thrives around a man who is losing his awareness of the world in which he moves, haltingly.
Time Out of Mind is powerfully compelling because it tempers the real life sense of helplessness with everyday examples of the inherent kindness of humanity.
Fascinating, both for what it is and what it does.
As a document of homelessness, it's well done, and Gere is incredible as George. But as a movie with a dramatic arc, it's not engrossing or captivating, so on that level it fails.
Like George, the movie sometimes dillydallies, but the unhurried rhythms ultimately have a hypnotic effect.
Its intense subjectivity marks it as more of a thorny character study than a therapeutic feel-gooder.
Even though Time Out Of Mind's two-hour run time can be tough to sit through, Gere gives a subtle, layered performance as a man barely existing on the edges of society.
Too enamored of its own stylistic tics to be a truly successful film.
Time Out of Mind unfolds slowly, but mostly rewards the viewer's patience.
Gere, in a fearless performance, embodies George, slowly letting us learn about the man and why he is in such dire straights of life.
Moverman's experiments are wearying-they deplete your emotions rather than rouse your empathy.
The filmmaker's good intentions and great ambitions go unrealized.
... deliberately paced but rewards patience, trying to capture the plight of the homeless with a gritty verite style that's both sincere and effective.
...worth seeing for Gere's performance, but the film itself is a meandering tone poem.
A humanist filmmaker whose credits include The Messenger, Moverman has made an urban survival story in a highly watchable semi-documentary style.
Gere is extraordinary here, and it says something about his disciplined, inward-facing performance, and about the movie's subtle visual strategies, that he's in almost every frame of Time Out of Mind, but only rarely at the center of it.
Given what it attempts, "Time Out of Mind" should be considered a success.
For long stretches, Time Out of Mind proves so attuned to its protagonist's haziness and his loud, busy, and yet lonely milieu that it proves a gripping example of experiential cinema.
Time Out of Mind is about a homeless man named George wandering the streets of New York City, but the movie's masterstroke is that he is almost always in the background of his scenes.
It's memorable in the sense that it has an unsettling and disorienting and even educational effect, yet as a work of drama, it's often an exercise in drudgery.
Time Out of Mind is not sentimental or overly plotted. It's just a sober, emotionally direct film of subtle observance on the road to Hell.
Gere, who has shockingly never been nominated for an Oscar, is intuitive and indelible. Maybe it's naive to think a movie like this can heighten our awareness, even change things. So what. Godspeed.
This earnestly rendered film about the indignities of homelessness is just plain dull.
The film casts a forlorn mood that is evocative when it isn't wearying.
Richard Gere's George rarely speaks and just barely reacts. It's a turn of some inevitable movie star show-offing but mostly of doing lots with next to nothing.
A poignant portrait of a homeless man who has fallen from grace and is struggling to survive.
Moverman is attempting something hugely ambitious with Time Out of Mind: a socially conscious, existential-displacement art movie. I think it would have worked better with a little less rigor and a little more intimacy.
This movie's best and truest quality may be its wandering, episodic rhythm, which is intriguing in its own right and reflects the experience of the main character.
Watching "Time Out of Mind" is not like the ordinary experience of watching a movie; it's more like being in a public place and deciding to allow the scene around you to become a drama.
Gere uses the opportunity to strip himself entirely of artifice, and it's a marvel of antitechnique.
Though it's hit and miss for audiences trying to forget Gere's screen history, Moverman ably serves a slice of homeless life, dramatizing a problem we've contended with further back than we can remember.
While Gere is very good in "Time Out of Mind," he doesn't have the kind of character arc or bravura scene necessary to put over this very well-meaning drama - which is too often content to preach to the choir on an important social issue.
Never less than powerful. Without sentimentality or gloss, it illuminates a part of city life that far too often is lost in the shadows.
Time Out of Mind is an experiment in empathy, an examination of bureaucracy and streetlife mundanity, and a movie that many will find a tough sit.
Mesmerizing and extremely moving. Moverman's audacious directorial technique is trying to teach us how to look toward those backgrounds and into the corners of the frame of our own lives.
It's compassionate work with all the good intentions in the world, but Moverman refuses brevity, transforming what should be an unforgettable education into an indulgent slog.
While this is the kind of role actors yearn for - I suspect audiences will yawn. Tedious and freewheeling, it's an underwhelming movie-going experience.
A transformative actor could use our expectations to his advantage, but Gere never comes off as more than an actor researching a role on homelessness.
...an intriguing yet underwhelming cinematic experiment.
The extremely slow pace that felt a little mannered in Moverman's The Messenger works well here, rhyming with George's generally unscheduled existence and unusual relationship to time.
Time Out of Mind challenges audiences to accept Richard Gere as a homeless man who has been living off the grid for nearly a decade.
Demands a lot of the viewer, but it's one of the most sobering American films ever made about homelessness. Richard Gere is incredible.
Richard Gere delivers a career-best performance as a homeless man in a film that doesn't pander to stereotypes about society's lowest echelon.
Something of a slog, in no small part because it casts Richard Gere, of all actors, as a drunken vagrant.
Gere is earnest, but at least he's not being warm and fuzzy. The actor's unshaven face puts a face on a problem that the public has grown accustomed to ignoring.
Moverman and Gere have made a topical, "issues" based film because of its humanity. Since life isn't tied up with a neat bow, neither does our time here.
Tedium quickly sets in and is only sporadically relieved in this labor of love that simply doesn't reward even the patient attention of sympathetic viewers.
A haunting piece of urban poetry that further confirms Oren Moverman as a socially conscious filmmaker of rare conviction and authority.

@highlight

Time Out of Mind demands patience, yet its noble intentions -- and Richard Gere's committed performance -- are difficult to deny.