It offers you a look at a totally dysfunctional relationship that allows you to look at the relationships in your own life and breathe a sigh of relief.
a sweet, modest, unremarkable film, propped up by seasoned actors playing quirky and "real."
The potentially one-joke premise is given depth, complexity, darkness and pathos by the offbeat execution and the honest performances.
A man battles with his girlfriend's son in this realistic, understated comedy filled with the awkwardness of real life.
... A very fine comic-psychodrama that eschews prat falls and flippancy for a more intimately realist and considered rendering of manchild madness and its antecedents.
An amazing human drama played out by actors at the peak of their profession: and who could want more than that?
The visual style transcends lyricism to achieve a kind of free-verse poetry, aided in large part by awe-inspiring mash-ups of montage and voice-overs
...a well-acted yet wholly uninvolving (and downright unconvincing) piece of work.
Cyrus will appeal to the same audiences that have admired the Mumblecore directors and their work, even though it's more polished.
...this muted farce benefits from the pitch-perfect performances of its cast.
... has the dubious distinction of being the first mumblecore comedy to come out of a major studio, complete with an A-list cast.
full review at Movies for the Masses
A totally cringe-inducing movie. Stay away from it unless you enjoy gawking at severely damaged personalities.
The acting is superb by all three main characters, especially Jonah Hill, who is really the key character in this film.
Lacks energy and seems more creepy than funny.
Cred points are on offer from the film's observational/improvisational style that bros Duplass bring along with them, but they've neglected the most important part - making the film interesting.
Cast and crew seem committed to making a simple point: "unhealthily close" relationships can be enriching. And the result is a movie that feels both small and deep.
Benefits from the cast teasing out the hurt and humanity from co-dependency's emotional battlefield.
It's funny, but edgy, too: you feel as if something very bad could happen at any moment.
Rooting awkward chuckles in freaky family ties, the Duplasses then spin our sniggers by planting parallels between John and Cyrus. Just who's the biggest man-child?
The Duplass brothers enter the mainstream with a touching, original and supremely funny film.
There are very few films, of whatever type, that actually surprise us, so when one does come along it's tempting to whoop.
Instead of all-out family farce, this goes for naturalistic acting and wry observation, and doesn't quite give us enough of anything.
It all adds to the growing suspicion that Mark and Jay are two of the most exciting filmmakers working today.
A fresh approach to the relationship comedy that will reward repeat viewings.
This film has its admirers, but I found it not-quite-funny, not-quite-insightful, and altogether oddly weighted.
A welcome change from the increasingly irony-enriched fare we've come to expect.
Simply by treating these characters as real, with all the uncertainty, emotional baggage and bad decisions that entails, the Duplasses expertly expose the hypocrisy of the airbrushed all-American ideal.
Well observed and very well acted, it's a shame the end feels like a cop-out.
The three central performances are excellent, Hill in particular is brilliant in the title role.
While it may not sound like a romcom, it's a textbook example of how to do one properly, given that it's painfully funny and surprisingly heartfelt.
Watchable relationship comedy with terrific performances from John C. Reilly and Jonah Hill and a handful of darkly funny moments, though the script is frustratingly slight in places and refuses to explore its central relationships in any depth.
The Duplasses ultimately get shy and curl away from the darker, riskier aspects of the premise.
This twisted variation on the romantic-comedy takes a sharply funny look at male relationships.
It won't blow you away, and in some respects it feels like a missed opportunity, but there is something genuine about the Duplass' film that is pleasing to see.
Domestic love triangles, empty nests, dysfunctional mommy fixation and smitten loons, while Jonah Hill does Oedipus Wrecks.
It's hard to imagine how no-budget filmmakers Jay and Mark Duplass could have made a better transition to the big leagues - or at least the Triple A league of indie filmmaking at Fox Searchlight - than with "Cyrus."
Never amounts to anything more than a limp drizzle of well-that's-awkward improv
The filmmakers manage to capture a world of lived-in homes (not quite urban, and not quite suburban), tired old cars, and tired people.
I haven't spent a more tedious 90 minutes in a theater since the last time I sat through something labeled 'mumblecore.'
A brilliant small film that deals with big issues in a beguiling way.
It is funny, it is heartfelt, it is nicely written, beautifully acted -- and it is the Duplass brothers' most mature, most complete film yet.
Cyrus a humorous look at the pitfalls of love.
A humorous experiment in social discomfort.
About the only dishonest bone in the body of black romantic comedy Cyrus is the fact that Jonah Hill is dressed up like a plus-sized J.C. Penney catalog model circa 1992, complete with Dockers and a haircut primped for school picture day.
More drama than comedy, 'Cyrus' is about the love triangle that includes a man, his lover and her son, the unlovable title character.
The real revelation is Hill. Usually cast as a scruffy type, here the portly actor is fastidiously clean-cut and well-groomed, a façade of normalcy that makes his anger and insecurity all the more disturbing.
Marisa Tomei and John C. Reilly give depth and weight to comic neurosis
... short and, in its way, sweet.
...a strange way of comically celebrating the otherwise complicated (and often hurtful) topics involved.
Co-screenwriters/director Jay and Mark Duplass are smart enough to balance the darkly comic elements with equally effective dramatic moments.
As a romantic comedy, Cyrus ranks just ahead of Henry: Portrait of a Serial Killer.
Wonderfully acted, kind of creepy, drolly funny and quite content to be unlike most stories out of Hollywood.
No comedy, this superbly directed film deals with a serious subject, producing top notch performances by O'Reilly, Hill, and Tomei.
Cyrus feels stretched even at 92 minutes, yet that feels nice with a quiet, well-acted film in a summer of noise.
John C. Reilly gives his most naturalistic, human-scaled performance since his '90s work with P.T. Anderson.
[M]ore of the same old sh*t roughed up around the edges to disguise its utter tediousness and depressing conventionality.... [D]reary and pointless...
Oedipus wrecks!
A brilliant little big studio gem that sparkles with indie sensibility by straddling the fine line between laughter and discomfort.
For all its edginess, this isn't a cruel comedy by any means.
In part, 'Cyrus' is about the weirdness of families -- the behaviors, secrets, humor and traditions that might be hard for outsiders to understand.
Even at its most troubling, Cyrus is powered by a deep vein of humanism, one that offers hope to even the weirdest among us.
This could have been a killer black comedy without a whole lot of rewriting, but the Duplasses opted for the awkward social comedy that doesn't deliver the consistent laughs one might expect.
A shrewd and subtle film about two men who are more alike than they know.
Jonah Hill plays manipulative-possessive-needy to good sly effect as the strange-funny Cyrus.
Cyrus is not the jokey, polished production you would expect from its Hollywood cast and LA setting, but audiences who are comfortable with discomfort should find it "funny."
Cyrus sounds like the sort of comedy in which people end up dropping buckets of paint on each other's heads, but the Duplasses treat the characters and their dilemma with utmost seriousness, a technique that gives the movie its uncomfortably comic vibe.
The [Duplasses] manage to take a premise that begs for broad gags and instead gift it with an innate sense of characterization and a peculiar sense of humor.
Nobody can play beaten and amusing better than Reilly, and no one is better at playing broken, accessible beauty than Tomei.
Delightfully demented and unique.
A movie that melds creepy and comic so seamlessly that almost every laugh is undercut by a cringe.
With a half-baked story involving characters that deserve more exploration than is offered, and a third act that folds in on itself like John C. Reilly's forehead, the film ultimately disappoints.
Cyrus would be a richer, funnier film if it made the effort to figure out all three of its main characters, but it is still an entertaining comedy. I guess two out of three ain't bad.
Cyrus is heartening: as a genuinely charming romance, as an opportunity for a leading man who doesn't get enough such breaks, and as a calling card for the Duplasses, who have hit the ball quite hard on their first at-bat in the majors.
Although Hill certainly has been good in previous roles, this goes beyond what we've seen.
Cyrus stays with you for a while after it's over; like an odd, unexpected party guest who nonetheless leaves an indelible impression.
The byplay between Reilly and Hill is sublime.
The anti-Hollywood Hollywood romantic comedy, naturalistic and acerbic rather than slick and saccharine.
I was dogged by the feeling their title character isn't just edgy, he's in need of treatment.
Mark and Jay Duplass have created an oddly original yet weird and natural film that interestingly balances out comedy and drama.
A heartbreakingly real and hilarious character study about a man trying to put the pieces back together and discovering one of the new ones in his life doesn't quite fit. Don't miss it.
Disturbing, heartening, and with a cautionary vibe and a compassionate heart, this is a film designed to fuel debate and to provide the blessed release of a good laugh when things hit too close to home
A distinct improvement over the previous efforts from the Duplass brothers and not just because there is no Greta Gerwig on display to offend the senses.
What some will relate to as authentic and real, others will dismiss as sluggish and meandering. But in a summer besieged by empty spectacles and plastic sitcom lameness, Cyrus emerges as a daring, disarming alternative.
The questions here are good; it's the answers that feel like a cheat.
Jonah Hill delivers a craftier comic performance than anything in his box-office hits, but what really elevates the story above its shticky premise is the combined neuroses of all three characters.
Cyrus is very funny, and Keener's supporting work as John's divorced ex also amuses. A pat conclusion nevertheless negates the strength of the restive narrative that precedes it.
a movie caught in some weird, in between place that makes the viewer feel a bit icky inside.
Cyrus" also often plays like a Judd Apatow comedy stripped to the bone. Although the Duplass brothers are credited as the screenwriters, most scenes feel as if they were largely improvised with Reilly and Hill especially forced to use their wits, which th
The comedy works, in large part, because it is void of a mean-spirited tone, and Cyrus never passes judgment on either John or Cyrus.
With some extra oomph and daring, this could have been a small comedic masterpiece. As it stands, it's good, but you can't help feeling it's been held back a bit. (Parental Review also Available)
Even when we feel as if we've seen it all before, there is a distinct realness about the narrative that lifts things above the mundane.
Proceeds more like a mystery than a rom-com.
The Duplasses are showing how modern Americans think, talk and live.
A comedy of discomfort that walks a wonderful line between reality-based emotional honesty and engaging humor, it demonstrates the good things that happen when quirky independent style combines with top-of-the-line acting skill.
The Brothers Duplass find humor and a lot of truth in those moments between spoken words, when the flick of an eyelid, the pulse of a vein or the purse of the lips can betray things that might otherwise not be stated.
It's too slack to shock. The film has its moments, but it shows the Duplasses poised on the edge of the big time with nothing to say and no real interest in risk.
Sits precariously on the border between life's potential for happiness and disaster ... The moments between [Reilly] and [Tomei] are some of the year's most blissfully romantic.
Elliptical, nuanced, and non-judgmental, with hilariously genuine dialogue and exquisite performances, all of it observed with the probing eye of a Frederick Wiseman documentary.
The movie doesn't eagerly jump from one payoff to another, but attunes itself to nuance, body language and the habitual politeness with which we try to overlook social embarrassment.
The Duplass Brothers demand your undivided attention. Thanks to their sincere way with words and experience with examining distressed relationships, you will gladly give it to them.
Another entry in the funcomfortable genre of awkward comedy, this one would make a great anti-nice double feature with the Ben Stiller-starring Greenberg.
First and foremost an actor's dream, CYRUS proves to be one of a slow year's rare delicious comedic treats.
I think all these performances are struggling to fill in the margins here.
This one's a disappointment, though, even with a valiant A-list cast.
Too sunny, and too kind, to be classified as a black comedy, Cyrus chooses tidiness and warmth over any truly biting message or frank appraisal of its characters.
The oblique final scene seems intended to leave the viewer in a state of delicious suspense, but it feels more like a frustratingly underwritten limbo.
Moment to moment it's miserably enjoyable and true, especially Reilly's turn as a regressed adult who slowly learns to be the man his woman deserves
Cyrus begins to feel exactly like all those indie movies we desperately hoped it wouldn't turn out to be like -- quirky, talky, and yawn-inducingly familiar.
It's outrageous, twisted fun when boy meets girl, plus one.
Cyrus slows down by the end, and even before then it's often too mopey for its own good. But there's an original comic temperament at work here, and that's rare.
Cyrus is strong enough to free them from their tiny corner of deep-indie cinema. But today's films have so little interest in exploring character that it's worth lamenting when one of the last champions of character specificity undershoots the target.
Despite their indie cred, the Duplasses are mainstream, hence the movie's status quo finish. "Cyrus" is more finely tuned than their earlier movies ("The Puffy Chair, Baghead), but it shares a similar, almost aggressive lack of ambition.
The picture is funny, but it has stalker-flick overtones that are unsettling, and the deft assurance with which Hill navigates the ambiguous narrative is impressive.
...still had me guessing at the final fade, which is something I can't say about any other Hollywood comedy so far this year, and something I wish I could say more often.
Domestic love triangles, empty nests, dysfunctional mommy fixation and smitten loons, while Jonah Hill does Oedipus Wrecks.
We all have routines, but the characters in Cyrus have complicated systems for dealing with things, and watching them smash into each other is endearing and often hilarious.
What's here is good enough to make you wish the Duplasses had gone even a little further.
Thankfully an increase in both star wattage and finances has not distracted the brothers one single bit, their darkly acerbic comedy one of the better %u2013 and funnier %u2013 motion pictures I've had the delight to view this year.
Indie romcom swaps raunchiness for quirkiness.
A darkly comic drama that honors the mysteries surrounding human nature, the complexity of intimate relationships, and the bounties of friendship.
Above all, it deftly captures the ambiguity and absurdity of human relationships. With improvised dialogue and performances that go from uncomfortable to honest, Cyrus is an off-kilter charmer.
It's fascinating to watch the directors navigate the tricky course they've set for themselves, particularly when the narrative road splits definitively between black and light -- if exceptionally emotionally attuned -- comedy.
It wants to be a serious movie about relationships, but it also has a responsibility to the boxoffice, so at times it reaches for an outrageousness that betrays its attempts at humanity.
Cyrus successfully walks the line between dark comedy and scary movie, thanks to the performances by Hill, Reilly, and Tomei, which are uniformly great.
I've seldom seen a film in which three intelligent, articulate people make so many penetrating observations about themselves, and address their bizarre situation so directly, without providing, or indeed possessing, the slightest clue...
A comedy of discomfort that walks a wonderful line between reality-based emotional honesty and engaging humor, it demonstrates the good things that happen when quirky independent style combines with top-of-the-line acting skill.
This engaging, provocative little movie is a reminder that sometimes the person that scares you most is the person most like you.
... a witty relationship comedy about maneuvering through fundamental connections in order to form new ones. Hill shows off new facets in this gem of an ensemble.
a compelling and enjoyable ninety minutes
Once again with the Duplasses, there just isn't enough of anything: not enough funny lines, not enough variation of mood, not enough plot.
A more sedate, straightforward comedy of discomfort and jealousy, Cyrus is a mixed bag of dramatic speeds, with the filmmakers struggling to locate a soul to a one-joke premise aching for a more profound funny bone.
Despite their weird interrelations, these mismatched folks do seem like people you might know for real, the players in another of life's random acts of kinkiness that help to keep our curious species fresh and interesting.
This adroit squirm comedy never escalates to the slapsticky level the Hollywood version would. Rather, the Duplass brothers find humor in the real emotions of the situation.
Cyrus may on some level be a stunt, yet the Duplasses' slightly sluggish, low-budget, mumblecore style allows this story to flower as both light-fingered lark and drama of suspenseful dysfunction.
Although the film is labeled a comedy, it hovers on the dark side in so many shadows that it is rarely amusing. Yet it never has the courage to fully explore the havoc a real Oedipus complex can wreak on the lives of real adults.
Neither Reilly nor Tomei have ever seemed so effortlessly funny, and whoever thought to cast one of Judd Apatow's regulars as a dysfunctional, disturbed manchild should be dubbed a genius.
A freakishly engrossing black comedy about excessively mothered men and the women who enable them.
What makes these Duplassian experiments work is the way their characters are willing to share their feelings.
Romance and horror of personality don't jell in this skimpy drama.
The Duplass Brothers have taken up the challenge to break through from indie obscurity to the mainstream without compromising their ideals or sacrificing the quality of their character-driven storytelling.
Engaging and emotionally edgy, families don't come more dysfunctional than this one.
"Third-act failure" hobbles what could have been a rewarding black, or at least dark, comedy...
Jay and Mark Duplass inch closer to successfully infusing comedy-of-awkwardness with pained pathos in Cyrus, a big-studio mumblecore hybrid of Mr. Woodcock and the Martin Short-Charles Grodin vehicle Clifford.
Another quirky, original panel (this one really dark comedy about mother-son peculiar bond) in the growing body of work of the gifted indie directors.
Step aside, Sophocles. This Oedipal story is funny!
The Duplasses' sensitivity, which is genuine, yields too much tepid relationship-speak, and Marisa Tomei, one of the most appealing actresses in Hollywood, is left with little to play.
This darkly comical look at the human condition is guaranteed to earn the Duplass brothers an entirely new audience.
The best we've seen from Jonah Hill and yet another in the long line of wonderful performances from John C. Reilly.
It's easy for a swingin' ladies man like myself to appreciate why a less fortunate character might project gratitude at the generosity of a compassionate companion. I assume that's what one might relate to if one has lived through those feelings.
If the plot development lurks on cusp of credibilty, the characters feel genuinely complex and are given a real sense of humanity by Tomei Reilly and Hill.
Takes a broad comedic premise, gets laughs out of it, then somehow manages to treat it realistically, too. What could have been a silly farce is instead a down-to-earth, highly enjoyable film.
a highly entertaining, even somewhat moving comedy
All the improvised dialogue, herky-jerk camerawork and social discomfort of previous Duplass films is here, along with name actors playing damaged but ultimately human characters.

@highlight

While it may strike some viewers as slight, Cyrus is a successful hybrid of mainstream production values and the mumblecore ideals of directors Jay and Mark Duplass.