The sloppily made suspense thriller was deservedly ripped by most critics and was a financial flop.
Excessive violence, hysterical directorial overkill and a cast of mostly glamorous non-actors make this relatively short film seem much longer than it really is.
There's nothing particularly deep about this film -- and Harlin's efforts to jazz things up do occasionally go over-the-top.
...for all its pseudo logic, Mindhunters is just as implausible as any Halloween sequel.
Its every brain-dead move is designed to cover up the implausible story's beehive of inconsistencies.
A cool, scrappy B movie with no pretentions
.
Somewhat of a self-fulfilling title.
The best thing that can be said about losing 106 minutes to the brain-numbing Mindhunters is that you have a really stellar excuse to grab the nearest bottle of Finlandia afterwards to forget it all. You may need more than a twenty-sixer, though.
More so than any other action director, Harlin is able to take mediocre and often outlandishly stupid scripts and punch them up into endlessly watchable guilty-pleasure gold.
A killer thriller exploit that will hold some appeal for audiences that tense up in enjoyment at every fresh spurt of blood and ask for little more.
The spirit of Agatha Christie hovers over 'Mindhunters,' a suspenseful mystery with plenty of suspects to keep viewers guessing about the identity of a serial killer.
I came away thinking how uninventive the story was, and how a little imagination together with a quick read from any issue of Ellery Queen Mystery Magazine might have helped.
the more I think about the logic of Mindhunters, the less I like it
Harlin treads a line between well-orchestrated suspense and death porn, even underlining his carnage with anti-smoking and anti-gun messages.
The question is supposed to be, 'Who is the killer?' The question that actually emerges, though, is 'Why we should care?'
Garbage of the potential camp-classic kind.
For what it is -- another stalk 'n' slash -- "Mindhunters" has a few moments of intelligence.
It was supposed to open in the spring of 2003, but they kept pushing back the release date. They should have kept pushing.
The movie contains a laughable premise and too many plot holes.
How much fun you have depends on whether or not you can warm up to the idea of Agatha Christie done in the wildly overbaked style of Deep Blue Sea.
Judging by the end product, my guess is after the second or third go-round, he threw up his hands and tossed the footage into a Cuisinart.
There is no necessary tension, no memorable characters, and no sense of fun. Instead, Renny Harlin just lines up his cast and knocks off their boring asses one at a time.
If the filmmakers won't waste the brainpower, why should you?
LL Cool J is a puzzle the film cannot solve.
We've been waiting two years for THIS?
Evidently, these young FBI geniuses were just on a collective undercover assignment to infiltrate the Melrose Avenue club scene, because their disguise consists of half-grown (or half-ungrown) beards, shaggy hair, [and] insouciant wisecracking attitudes.
...a movie in search of a brain.
Director Renny Harlin ignores logic or coherence, intent on stylishly showing people dying in the most creatively gruesome ways possible.
As effective as a movie can be and yet still be 100 percent forgettable.
Renny Harlin directs Mindhunters in a slightly grungy, B-movie style that satisfies the subject matter, while doing nothing to elevate it. The performances, too, are adequate, but unexceptional.
It didn't take much mental power to come up with the plot.
Harlin's brisk pacing leaves little time for reflection, but the whole house of blood-spattered cards dissolves upon even cursory reflection.
The illogic of the situation is so extreme that the final confrontation plays like an afterthought.
At least it's better than Harlin's last film, that dreadful Exorcist prequel.
In general the screenplay lacks wit, and certainly fails to convince us that the trainees are the super-smart cream of the FBI trainee crop.
[Miller's accent] isn't Sir Michael Caine in Hurry Sundown bad -- still the worst Southern accent ever attempted by a future Oscar winner and knight. But it's awful enough to call attention to itself in the middle of a movie smothered in awfulness.
The climatic shoot-out is laughingly ridiculous, as is much of the dialogue.
The story and characters make no sense.
In a way, the movie title refers not only to the characters, but also the audience. Enduring this harrowingly derivative tale, viewers will wonder where the filmmakers' minds were.
Yeah, it's pretty bad.
You'd think these agents' training would kick in, that they'd analyze the situation, deduce who is behind the killings and put a plan in place to stop it. You'd be wrong. They panic like ants after their hill has been stepped on.
There is something inherently mindless and preposterously silly about the whole exercise.
No one with any kind of mind should waste it on this film.
It's just so ludicrous, so completely unbelievable, that you can't help but snicker -- if not outright howl.
On the way to its finale, there's plenty of mayhem to keep you guessing.
Surpasses all other Christie knockoffs.
The movie can't even have campy fun with the foolishness in Wayne Kramer and Kevin Brodbin's script.
Mindhunters may play better on the small screen, but viewers who enjoy these kinds of cinematic mind games will have a good time.
... promises a sophisticated "C.S.I." meets Saw thriller, then shatters that illusion with four words: directed by Renny Harlin.
The test of a true mindhunter would be to search out the one smart line of dialog (we're not even sure it exists).
Mindhunters has the dumbest whodunit thriller plot and the least plausible moves of any film I can think of.
Schlocky and fun.
The murderer may not be obvious because the script breaks every law of probability, and 'ridiculous' is too mild a word to apply to the deaths.
The cinematic equivalent of a corpse left out to rot.
This is a roller coaster that's actually fun to ride.
If Mindhunters weren't so repellant, Kathryn Morris' performance might have been her career breakthrough.
"At the end of the day, building a better mousetrap is just mechanics." Within that comment is the philosophy of director Renny Harlin...you'd best lower your expectations.
Maybe Paul Schrader can... re-shoot director Renny Harlin's Mindhunters - an atrocious mess that could hardly stand to be dis-improved upon.
This is a tight, mix-mash of genres that work well as a popcorn flick.
Despite having its release date postponed numerous times over the last two years, Mindhunters turns out to be much better than expected.
This flick has been collecting dust on the shelf for over two years--and now we know why.
Go into Mindhunters with the right expectations and you might find yourself pleasantly surprised.
One-time action wunderkind Renny Harlin proves once again that coherence is not his forte.
As far as preposterous, imbecilic thrillers go, it's a fun one.
The good news is that Paul Schrader's Exorcist prequel is finally going to hit theaters. The bad news is that Mindhunters is going to beat it by a week.
It is not that the film is goofy; I would have loved to see goofy. Instead, it is simply stupid, hopelessly dense and never for a second self-aware.
These clowns couldn't get jobs as dogcatchers, let alone FBI agents.
Mindhunters pulses with style and confidence, even when it doesn't have a clue how to figure itself out.
Mindhunters is a quintessential Renny Harlin film: a big, dumb, loud action movie.
Corny? Oh, yeah. But it's also reasonably good fun.
It's cheap, dirty fun that doesn't stay to cuddle.
With too many twists and false alarms, chances are not too many people are going to care.
A thudding dud, crammed with clunky dialogue, bad acting and gruesome but unpersuasive gore. Mindhunters will pass muster with only the most undemanding horror fans.
A contrived, unpleasant and very drawn-out affair.
The mystery, when it is solved, is both arbitrary and explained at great length. The killer gives a speech justifying his actions, which is scant comfort for those already dead.
Primarily, the film is an exercise in stupidity. You don't have to be an Einstein for it to insult your intelligence.
The intriguing set-up, some sharp performances, and director Renny Harlin's capable staging of action and suspense make this a passable thriller, if not a memorable one.
The hoariest picture of the year.
The movie's title, I guess, alludes to the student profilers' ability to put themselves in the mind-set of a murderer. In this witless exercise, however, Mindhunters more accurately suggests that all parties concerned have lost theirs.
Imagine 'CSI' meets 'Lost'...only bad.
A thoroughly compelling suspense film. That doesn't mean it isn't kind of dumb, or largely ridiculous -- it is both -- but here dumb ridiculousness has been elevated to an art form.
Profilers are supposed to outsmart their foes. But the only brains in evidence are the ones oozing out of head wounds.
There's also a quaintness to Mindhunters because it's a whodunit, a style of thriller we don't get much anymore.
A tiring exercise in time-biding sadism (versus wit or suspense), inflated with shock editing, noisy effects and an angry score, like a thriller with road rage.
Manages to be expertly ghoulish and exceptionally dumb at the same time. Even your goosebumps will feel a bit stupid before the end.
Mark my words: Mindhunters will do for psycho-thrillers what Showgirls did for stripper movies.
It's not about the characters, or the dramatic tension, or any kind of believability. It's about how cool the death scenes are, and on that score, Harlin is a champ.
Kilmer and Slater come out firing in the flick's opening stanza, but then disappear to collect their paychecks and let the nearly anonymous worker bee actors carry it home.
It's not hard to see why this movie lingered on Dimension's shelves for long.
Plays like Ten Little Indians for GamePro subscribers.
In true serial-killer-stalks-victims fashion, the first hour is tense and the last hour is terrible.
For a movie that's been sitting in Miramax's storage bin for well over a year, Mindhunters isn't the train wreck one would have assumed.
The revelations bring no more satisfaction than consulting an answer key.
Unintentionally hilarious on the one hand and scarier than it should be on the other.
In an era of wall-to-wall CSI, Mindhunters' ghoulish forensic hubbub not only feels tiring but hopelessly redundant.
Mindless...a tedious, pedestrian gorefest with neither the slightest degree of inventiveness or wit, nor the remotest sliver of sense.
The latest Harlin flick is a gore-filled, thrill-filled, ratchet tight roller coaster ride with an interesting assortment of characters and actors.
The picture is not without its occasional cheap thrills, which should prove to be more cost-effective in the form of a video store rental.
Iit is Renny Harlin's hand that compels a sneaking admiration for Mindhunters.
Marred by a bunch of undisciplined idiots we're asked to believe are FBI agents and annoying "CSI"-type extreme closeups, I was hoping they'd all be killed quickly.
Saying super-hack Renny Harlin is no Agatha Christie might be the understatement of the millennium.
A thoroughly silly exercise in cinematic excess that will nonetheless provide a certain breed of trash-movie lover with a few hoots.
...enjoy the film for what it is, which is a dark, blazin', thrilling, stylish kill-ride that doesn't mind winking at a few other films, as well as...
A film that betrays itself by not following its story through to a believable and psychological conclusion.
Standard B-movie horror much like Harlin's previous outing.
Brandishes some scary plot maneuvers and builds suspenseful momentum, with a masterful mix of psychological stress and perverse imagination.
Slice 'n' dice seamlessly woven into a cop story.
An excellent addition to the genre... genuinely original, surprising and wholly exciting..the twists are never-ending










@highlight

A retread of Ten Little Indians that lacks the source material's wit.