Forget the mob, the MacManus brothers should be more worried about Duffy ruining their reputation.
[Norman] Reedus pretty much captures the entire film with his signature line: "Let's do some gratuitous violence."
For fans of the original underground hit, the sequel we were all wishing for has arrived.
"There's not a bigger '**** you!' from Hollywood than when they say: 'Eh, we're not going to release this film,'" "The Boondock Saints II: All Saints Day" star Sean Patrick Flanery said in an interview.
If you liked the original "The Boondock Saints," you won't want to miss this one.
The plot is an afterthought, the performances given with a wink and a clip-emptying flourish.
Idiotic style over some sorely needed substance....comes across cringingly rusty; a glorified fan film that only manages to make the popularity of the original picture all the more bewildering.
It would be a disservice of an almost, you will pardon the expression, sinful nature to mistake it for anything deep, or anything more profound than the hellzapopping fireworks show that it is
Trash--grubby and nonsensical, with lame dialogue, wretched overacting and clumsily staged action sequences.
Imagine Quentin Tarantino if he got his brow lowered.
You can't call Duffy's film style original. But he's clever in what he steals.
All I can really say is that if liking a movie where two guys swing off of ropes tied to a building into a window with guns blazing and proceed to slide across the floor on their knees while shredding mobsters up with bullets is wrong, then I don't want t
Bold prediction: At his current glacial pace of progress, Troy Duffy is likely to write and direct the great Irish-American payback movie sometime in the year 2049.
The only good thing to say about this brutal and brutally boring bit of blarney is that it is so relentlessly unpleasant and unappealing that we may never have to endure the likes of "The Boondock Saints III: Get Boondockier."
It's as if writer/director Troy Duffy threw every idea he had at the wall, creating a very messy wall.
Writer-director Troy Duffy needs to YouTube himself a new idea or two, because his variations on themes provided by Quentin Tarantino and Guy "RocknRolla" Ritchie are pure mold.
Can you fly forward through the air while firing two heavy-duty handguns without your arms jerking back and smacking you in the chin? Would that violate one of Newton's laws? Just askin'.
The sequel is just as overlong, filled with gay jokes, gay panic, racial slurs, Keystone Kops humor, ethnic pride, self-satisfied dialogue, and misguided biblical references.
Earns points only for being remarkably unself-conscious about its across-the-board ineptitude.
Fans of the first film will definitely find much to love this time around.
I will not defend it as a good movie, but I have to say, I had a pretty good time at it.
Indulges in extreme movie love.
Let's just say it doesn't make me feel like Riverdancing.
Mindlessly entertaining on occasion, but lacks the refreshing pizzazz and clever surprises found in the original. Its pretentious editing style and wooden performances get frustrating rather quickly.
All Saints Day comes across as more of a spoof than a sequel to the action-packed, dramatic and even endearing original.
This sequel is a bit more comedic, a bit more convoluted and a bit more everything than its predecessor, which is a heady thing for eager fans of the stillborn cult flick, and fairly irrelevant to just about everyone else.
Now comes Troy Duffy's flatulent sequel, "The Boondock Saints II: All Saints Day." Ten years in the contemplation! It doesn't feel quite that long to sit through in its wretched entirety, but I still can't imagine any but the most easily entertained being
The only truly ugly side to this self-consciously grimy movie is the streak of Neanderthal humor. Operatic overacting is funny. Racist and homophobic jokes? Not so much.
[R]iotously awful and simultaneously vile, this orgy of sexualized violence with no point except to give itself something to jerk off to...
A throwback picture that returns you to the late '90s, when every third filmmaker thought he was the next Quentin Tarantino.
Time may have healed some of Duffy's wounds, but it hasn't made him a better Tarantino knockoff, unfortunately.
Personally, I loved it.
[It] isn't art but it is an improvement: a scurrilous, lowdown, sub-Tarantino action comedy that, unlike the original, doesn't make you want to claw your eyes out. How's that for praise?
The film's style mirrors that of the original, which was already late to the Reservoir Dogs ripoff party and feels doubly dated now, with Duffy still relying on his old trick of cranking up the heavy metal and techno music to boost excitement.
If Duffy's decade away has proved to be a humbling experience, you wouldn't know it from this bloated follow-up, which tonally goes all over the place, but its primary direction is over the top.
I find enough to keep me in a satiated stupor here.
All signs at the end of All Saints Day point to a Boondock Saints Three, and why not, in a world that makes room for Smokin' Aces 2, American Pie Presents Band Camp and Bring It On Again?
You'd think Troy Duffy would have learned something in the decade since he blew his golden ticket with The Boondock Saints.
There's a good reason why it's taken Duffy this long to secure funds for a sequel to his D.O.A. meal-ticket: It was never funny in the first place.
Cloaking vigilante justice (not to mention casual racism and homophobia) in religion eventually turns Boondock Saints from merely a bad movie to a distasteful one.
Duffy orchestrates the resulting carnage like an inebriate spinning fourth-rate Peckinpah tales.
Duffy is still chasing his perfect slide-and-shoot, except now with more self-satisfied posturing, awkward pop-culture referencing, casual homophobia and racism, and the most vulgar co-opting of religious iconography this side of Dan Brown.
Duffy is a smart filmmaker who knows what his mostly male fanbase will want to see in a sequel, while also wearing most of his obvious influences on his sleeve.
The true abiding love affair here remains between Duffy and QT.

@highlight

This sequel to the cult favorite The Boondock Saints is more of the same -- unoriginal, absurd, violent, over-the-top, and occasionally mean-spirited.