... I can barely remember anything about it except that I'm annoyed that I wasted my time.
... it's not that bad. But it ain't good either.
Movie rule 12: Mistrust anything bearing a '2' in its title - particularly when it's not a sequel. But 2 Guns proves a totally unexpected exception.
Pair their back and forth with a hilarious cast of periphery players and 2 Guns pretty much has everything you'd want from a summer action comedy.
If 'Lethal Weapon' and 'Midnight Run' were billiard balls, Kormákur's directing is the cue ball hitting those two and smacking '2 Guns' straight in the corner pocket. Classic.
By the climax, in which the duo literally shoots their way through torrents of falling cash, we're left to wonder if the whole film was engineered for that moment.
Washington and Wahlberg have a good time robbing banks and blowing up buildings and barreling through military security checkpoints and double-crossing people and shooting each other because none of it really means anything.
What it lacks in robots and superheroes it more than makes up for in laughs, gunplay and personality.
Generic, by-the-numbers buddy-action flicks don't come much more generic than this forgettable project.
Like the Eighties never went away.
A buddy-cop movie on steroids, 2 Guns fires off smart-alecky one-liners and bullets at equal rates -- as the stars make a convoluted and overwritten script work.
That a movie this fleet and lean succumbs to action-blockbuster bloat in the home stretch is both disappointing and predictable, although the director deserves credit for keeping the climactic shootouts slick and spatially coherent.
Mark Wahlberg reunites with Contraband director Baltasar Kormakur for an action movie that's even more cynical and sadistic than its predecessor.
The slack screenplay stumbles over loose ends, and director Baltasar Kormákur fails to find a consistent tone.
Two hours of brainless action packed with some great laughs and featuring two actors clearly enjoying their time together.
Watchable but empty
The worst-directed action film since Guillermo del Toro's Pacific Rim...yet another serving of action mulch where you simply do not care where the bullets land. (Sigh. Where's Steven Seagal when you need him?)
Washington and Wahlberg are excellent but this collaboration is squandered
The first pairing of Mark Wahlberg and Denzel Washington (two charismatic actors of different styles) and the entertaining, quote heavy screenplay from Blake Masters makes it work so well.
Kormákur lets the solid story, some neat surprises and its A-list stars do the work.
2 Guns is that rare popcorn flick that succeeds at being fun and breezy, and features just enough twists to entertain without getting too complicated.
Washington & Wahlberg drop wisecracks and bad guys from one side of the Mexican border to the other in this playful cop-buddy action thriller.
The best scenes involve Washington and Wahlberg arguing and trying to get the better of each other. If you're a fan of either actor, you're likely to enjoy this.
There are actually 111 guns in 2 Guns, but that sum doesn't include concealed weapons, so we'll never really know the truth.
Iceland's Baltasar Kormákur warms to the task of delivering a fun filled action thriller, with writer Blake Masters freely commandeering the Tarantino signature of quirky banal dialogue in the midst of action
Washington and Wahlberg are great together - bullish and brash with a twinkle in the eye as they improvise and fly by the seat of their pants, even when things have supposedly been carefully planned
Kormakur and his merry cast blast their way through an absurdly silly and very funny comedy of errors, as one defence service inadvertently wages war on another.
With Washington and Wahlberg sparking off each other splendidly, 2 Guns works best when it is channelling the playful spirit of such 1980s buddy movies as 48 Hrs and Lethal Weapon.
The film may be as formulaic as the prosaic title suggests, but the name also reflects the fundamentally straightforward and undeniable appeal of it.
...a promising buddy comedy that fizzles out to a hopelessly depressing degree.
... wallows in formula, right down to a contrived finale that showcases a true Mexican standoff, along with a title that really undersells its weapon count.
Oddly took some advice not intended for movies: 'Be specific but not memorable. Be funny but don't make 'em laugh.'
In this age of never-ending franchises and pointless reboots it's quite refreshing to see a funny, action-packed film that's so utterly disposable.
Movies that aim for the middle often fall short.
America's public agencies come very badly out of this slick thriller.
Washington and Wahlberg are an effective double act in an intermittently exciting thriller with more twists than it needs.
...a convoluted mix of violence, not-so-witty humor and spaghetti western, with a tad too much tomato sauce thrown on top by director Baltasar Kormakur.
There's plenty of hot spice in this enjoyably silly graphic novel adaptation about two undercover agents unwittingly working together.
Director Baltasar Kormakur keeps the pace and patter loose and lively; the result is almost refreshing -- a run through a sprinkler on a summer movie-season lawn cluttered with junked blockbusters.
This class of sleek bickering comes along all too rarely.
Wahlberg gives Washington levity; Washington gives Wahlberg resolve.
It's all complete nonsense, entirely predictable and feels like it is going to last for ever.
What looks like a rather standard buddy action comedy is elevated by a smarter-than-normal script, skilful direction and surprisingly offhanded chemistry between Washington and Wahlberg.
You'd think this might be a shocking, even paranoid scenario, but instead it comes across as too ridiculous to be even slightly believable.
Not much firepower.
Enjoyable, pacily directed and pleasingly old fashioned buddy cop thriller enlivened by a witty script and engaging chemistry between Wahlberg and Washington.
A fairly indistinct Tex-Mex time-filler that soon gets lost amid memories of cooler, dustier, sweatier tear-ups.
Wahlberg makes lines such as "You know what you are? A misanthorp" so insanely funny you laugh in the way you used to at Eddie Murphy.
2 Guns is at Zen-like peace with the fact that it doesn't matter one bit, and I chucked and gasped through every not-mattering minute.
That it just about gets away with it is down to Kormákur's high energy and Wahlberg and Washington's winning performances, but less plot and more playfulness would have been welcome.
Denzel Washington and Mark Wahlberg are at their best, a fun screen team and something a little lighter in the dog days of summer.
[An] old-fashioned and entertaining action-comedy.
Walter Hill - veteran action director and unofficial godfather of the squabbling buddy picture - might approve of the stripped-down, Ronseal-esque sentiment, even if the execution is over-elaborate.
Denzel Washington and Mark Wahlberg are perfectly matched as mis-matched buddies in a violent, funny and entertaining action-comedy.
Wahlberg and Washington strike up a wry anti-bromantic chemistry that single-handedly sustains what's otherwise a breathtakingly familiar brawn-over-brains thriller.
In this star vehicle for Denzel Washington and Mark Wahlberg, the headlights are on full beam but the engine is struggling in second gear.
You can't deny the enjoyment to be had, but it feels all too similar to what we have seen before.
It's very hard to make a "twisty" movie and follow through with this promise up until the end.. 2 Guns does it pretty well. It's one of those movies that you may enjoy but will likely forget all about a week later.
This kind of cop buddy story has been used successfully many times before. It is a well-worn formula, but it works if you have the right combination of actors. Washington and Wahlberg are the right combination.
It's the casting of 2 Guns, which sports as familiar a formula as can be, that keeps it breezy and fun for most of its 105-minute running time.
A standard connect-the-dots heist plot elevated by its Wahlberg/Washington star power.
Two great actors keep the momentum going doubly fast in '2 Guns,' a solid showcase for the talents of Mark Wahlberg and Denzel Washington.
Washington and Wahlberg are two pros who know how to handle a movie of this type.
...an occasionally comic and very violent action film with a wonderfully convoluted plot.
Eh...you could do a lot worse this summer.
It might hit just the right tone of summer escapism for some, but it left me feeling like I needed to escape, indeed. And I'm still kinda upset about those chickens.
The on-screen chemistry between Mark Wahlberg and Denzel Washington goes a long way, although it can't entirely hide the fact that this is boilerplate stuff.
The film's plot does tend to get unnecessarily complicated and you have to pay attention as alliances change and double-crosses crop up like corn in July.
I should be flaying this movie alive, but it's August, and this summer movie season has been particularly exhausting. To use a boxing reference, I'm throwing in the towel.
A fun time at the movies
An abundance of greed, body count, destruction and rip-roaring repartee.
A remarkably unengaging adventure, given its incessant attempt at overstimulation.
Cliché is not a bad thing if it's done right. Like a good jazz improvisation, "2 Guns" leads to the same place but not the way you may expect.
Beyond ridiculous but always entertaining. Washington and Wahlberg are terrific.
A saving grace is still a saving grace no matter how much you blow holes in it. Instead of knocking it for relying too heavily on its Wahlberg/Washington bromance, realize instead that it's leading with its strength and that strength works.
Bang! Bang! Boring.
The pic isn't believable for a second, but is always entertaining, slick and well-acted.
Despoiled by gratuitous violence and irresponsible depiction of death and the effects of a gunshot, even though this buddy movie is entertaining, I can't recommend it as highly as I ordinarily would. Washington and Wahlberg should know better.
Pity that the filmmakers lacked the courage to go all the way in their buddy-cop genre bending.
reminded me of a crappy direct-to-video action movie with a bigger budget and A-list stars
With this cast, it would be hard to mess up 2 Guns.
In spite of some predictable story beats, and stock buddy cop setups, 2 Guns offers plenty of pleasing moments - thanks to a fun pair of performances from its leads.
2 Guns wants to keep you from guessing what will happen next, but it does this by confusing you rather than through clever plotting.
The biggest guns this action flick brandishes are stars Denzel Washington and Mark Wahlberg who have very different acting styles that work surprisingly well together.
If only the story in the Denzel Washington/Mark Wahlberg buddy actioner 2 Guns were as strong as the banter.
... There are two reasons why "2 Guns" is one of the more entertaining action-comedies in recent years: Denzel Washington and Mark Wahlberg.
It's essentially a buddy-cop romp with the usual assortment pack of graphic gruesomeness.
Washington and Wahlberg make a charismatic team and have swagger to spare, as soldiers-of-fortune who are hustling money and drugs on both sides of the Mexican border.
In a summer of lumbering, unwieldy blockbusters sanitized and sucked free of nuance for consumption in China, it's a lively, quirky, lived-in delight.
2 Guns is laugh-out-loud funny, armrest and jaw-clenching intense and -- simply put -- the best action movie done in a long time.
Again, this sucker's just solid. The pacing is good, there are some laughs, there's some action and the plot holes aren't so egregious as to insult your intelligence.
Ultimately a waste of unexpected chemistry between [Mark] Wahlberg and [Denzel] Washington.
The movie has 2 Guns, all right, but nowhere to point them.
...blithely generic, but not...how to put it...entirely unentertaining.
In a summer movie season where everyone is trying to top one another with ever more outlandish visual effects and IMAX 3D setpieces, there's a relaxed confidence to "2 Guns" that's refreshing.
An unremarkable, standard-issue shoot-em-up that rests entirely on the charisma of its two stars.
Everyone seems to be having a grand time, and yet it doesn't feel unduly indulgent.
Banter, banter, banter. It's such fun being a tough guy and killing people.
As drolly cynical as 2 Guns is, it's this very basic sense of chemistry between the leads that really bolsters the film.
Violence, nudity in entertaining-but-cliched action comedy.
In a summer when so many of the hype-heavy movies turned out to be big-budget bores, it's refreshing when a movie like 2 Guns achieves its admittedly modest ambitions.
Such an uneventful outing really seems beneath Denzel Washington and Mark Wahlberg, the latter of whom recently appeared in a film with a dry humping teddy bear.
Washington and Wahlberg excel at doing the buddy movie bit. If only they were doing so in a better film. (Full Parental Review also available)
It is an uneasy mix, but the stars own the fizzy dialogue with such brio, electricity and pure charisma that they provide the real explosive power.
Illogical but great fun.
It may not have an original thought in its head, but it has Denzel Washington and Mark Wahlberg, and they sell the hell out of it.
2 Guns slops over with instantly over-familiar ingredients like bantering criminal and/or crime-fighting buddies, a loathsome Mexican drug lord, and a femme vitale and femme fatale rolled into one comely dame.
[Though] most of 2 Guns resembles any other action comedy with big stars and a good budget, there's something deeper going on beneath this story of two heat-packers who end up collaborating outside the law.
2 Guns won't do anything to endear itself to those who fear a rising tide of violence in Hollywood movies, but at least the caliber of writing matches that of the firearms. These characters know how to shoot off their mouths as well as their guns.
Though individual set pieces are well done, the film inevitably leaves an empty taste behind it once it's done.
2 Guns loses its charm amid multiple incidents of torture and brutality, including animal cruelty ...
Just go ahead and assume that everybody is trying to kill everybody and you'll be relatively clear.
Thousands of rounds of ammo are spent in 2 Guns, a brutal, complicated and sporadically funny movie that still seems slight.
Fast pacing and a high energy level can cover a lot of sins, and nowhere is that more evident than in 2 Guns.
What saves 2 Guns from being entirely forgettable is the chemistry between its stars.
While the story is a bit convoluted, the easy rapport between Washington and Wahlberg makes this well-shot comedy-thriller far more engaging than it has any right to be.
A slick, slippery thriller that taps into the anarchic playfulness that made the best American action flicks of the 1980s and '90s pop.
"2 Guns" is a smidgen off-target.
With the combined heat of its stars, "2 Guns" should have had double impact, but Washington and Wahlberg are only doing this tango for cash.
A buddy-cop action flick with a ludicrously convoluted plot but plenty of energy and good star chemistry.
2 Guns is a late summer season surprise. It also could have been much, much better.
Boasting an enviable cast and a needlessly complicated plot, the movie works best during the easygoing banter between its two stars.
Washington and Wahlberg have the terrific chemistry necessary for a bromance...even if director Baltasar Kormákur hasn't kept his movie as light on its feet as it should be, weighed down by its great, clanking mechanical plot.
"2 Guns" feels like it's all been done before, whether by John Woo, Michael Bay or any number of their CGI-happy clones.
What's the old expression about putting lipstick on a pig? "2 Guns," a busy and bullet-riddled new action movie, has some mighty fine lipstick, but it's still a porker.
Really guys, another mediocre knockoff of 'Lethal Weapon'?
Mr. Kormákur stages a succession of action sequences that are satisfying in their own right and might be better still if they were part of a coherent whole.
This isn't the kind of gangster movie where we root for the least disgusting cockroach to step on the others; we can respect the guys whose point of view we share.
It's a jumbled film with a lazy plot and poorly sketched action sequences, but the natural charm of its two stars, along with some colorful bit players, may put you in a forgiving mood.
Pure charisma is sometimes the best special effect. That's what Denzel Washington and Mark Wahlberg bring to 2 Guns, and after a season full of superhero duds, they deliver a crucial dose of cool.
It's a complete mess, the spectacle of filmmakers blowing up their movie and everything in it, because they can't think of anything else to do.
If you're looking for some mindless escapism and can get past head-in-a-duffel-bag level violence, go ahead and pull the trigger on 2 Guns.
Maybe it's just an expression of relief after a summer of superheroes and fantasy scenarios, but 2 Guns is a refreshing blast.
It's best to forget the plot and simply enjoy this bumpy, bullet-ridden ride.
The biggest surprise might be the explosive chemistry between stars Denzel Washington and Mark Wahlberg, who exchange witty jibes and zesty zingers like gunfire between marksmen.
The Wahlberg-Washington express hits lots of comfortably familiar notes. And more than a few viciously uncomfortable ones, too.
It's going to take more than one film to offset the extreme suckage of this summer's movies, but the crime caper 2 Guns is a good start.
It's disappointing that these frequently charismatic and compelling actors (including Paula Patton as Washington's girlfriend) can't find anything better to do with their talents.
It's not original, but it's entertaining.
You could do far worse than watch Washington and Wahlberg bicker for a couple of hours, pausing every now and then to plug somebody.
He has talent, this director: "2 Guns" isn't necessarily my thing (the jokey sadism is a drag), but Kormakur lays out an action sequence with a swiftness and a coherence missing from many other pictures.
While we've seen plenty of R-rated action buddy comedies before, the stream of amusing banter here comes with plotting that has a few good tricks in reserve.
If we're being honest, Baltasar Kormákur's 2 Guns beats present-day Walter Hill at his own game.
I really meant to at least like 2 Guns. But I couldn't. The movie just didn't make the extra effort.
Kormákur lets his stars balance the buddy-movie levity with just enough dramatic weight, and his directing style seems like a conscious corrective to the disorienting cutting and obvious CGI effects that have come to dominate Hollywood action films.
Denzel Washington and Mark Wahlberg make a winning team in hunt for stash of cash.
This is what a star vehicle should be: a well-written project that works without the big names but shines with them.
I'd like to suggest you take a shot every time Washington and Wahlberg shoot each other knowing glances or suggestive banter. And make sure you have a designated driver.
Denzel Washington and Mark Wahlberg's buddy action-comedy "2 Guns" is an unexpected dog-days-of-summer surprise.
This is what some summer movies should be like - clever in a stupid way, and stupid in a clever way.
Gets us from point A to point B in a journey that, while predictable, is a breezily pleasant ride.
If you're craving some irresponsible and amoral old-school August cinema, with no redeeming social value beyond the message that our government has gone insane and we're all totally screwed, you won't be let down.
They're cute together, these two big stars, but the film around them, a sort of Tarantino lite, is desperately empty.
The stars are grand but the action beats are bland and the plot's a sour muddle.
On almost every level, 2 Guns is content to be as flavorless and forgettable as its title.
Despite its A-list stars, "2 Guns" is a subpar B-movie shoot-'em-up that's lackadaisical, cynical and slow.
For each amusing exchange, there's a gratuitous scene that dampens the proceedings. One of the worst involves the torture of chickens.
For a movie with so many dead bodies, there's still something strangely lively about "2 Guns" - a film which is certainly too much, and often too confusing, but never, ever too dull.
It's been a long time since I've seen a film as deliciously irresponsible as 2 Guns.
There's enough gleeful use of T-N-T in this fun-fare flick to make Wile E. Coyote look like Mahatma Gandhi.
The chemistry between Wahlberg and Washington saves 2 Guns from being a messy, silly, stinker of an action flick, elevating it to a level that falls somewhere in between "glitzy distraction" and "solid time passer."
"2 Guns" had the potential to be something decent, particularly with its leads and good sense of humor, but the foundation is cracked and flawed, and unfortunately nobody bothered to notice.
Goosed along by a pulpy Elmore Leonard vibe, 2 Guns is essentially a B movie classed up by its two A-list stars.
Full of been-there, done-that characters, twists, and action beats that are as familiar as houseguests who have overstayed their welcome, know it, and don't care.
Viewer/character solidarity only holds up for so long, and the film falls hard into twisty, nonsense territory, skipping over its stronger themes in the process.
A fun throwback to eighties-nineties R-rated action movies. This is the kind of movie Don Simpson or Joel Silver would have done in their heyday. Not terribly clever, but very entertaing. Washington and Wahlberg's roles are tailor-made.
It's a messy movie, convoluted and protracted, yet a spark of personality remains with its two stars, who repeatedly rescue a lumpy picture with their puckish camaraderie and comfort with threatening behavior.
When you are done, return your seatbacks and tray tables to their original, upright position.
A surprisingly fun action comedy that you can enjoy in the moment but also one that's likely to play just as well on repeat viewings.
The climax unfolds with all the grace of a herd of bulls storming through a Mexican standoff.
Kormákur could have removed some wackiness and made a gritty action movie or toned down the viciousness and played this off for comedy, but as it is, 2 Guns is neither fish nor fowl.
Charm makes up for ludicrous plotting in twist-heavy crime story.
All you need for a movie are two guys and two guns. Unless that movie is 2 Guns, in which case you probably need a good deal more.
Quickly degenerates into boilerplate Hollywood sound and fury, complete with a climactic Mexican standoff that revolves around a massive, burning pile of money. Irony, thou art lost.
Kormakur shows he knows his way around an action movie better than most, keeping the pace quick, the banter lively and the old-school, mostly CGI-free thrills delivering right on schedule.
For a movie with such pungent characters and arresting locales, "2 Guns" suffers from a plot that gets increasingly complicated in an unsatisfying way.
A film with wit, tension and sheer headlong pace to grab and hold your attention for a brisk 106 minutes..fast and funny, definitely the smartest action movie of the summer.

@highlight

Formulaic and often jarringly violent, 2 Guns rests its old-school appeal on the interplay between its charismatic, well-matched stars.