There's just far too much going on; too much for the film to be believable.
Dead Man Down isn't deeply satisfying but is well filmed and performed - and proof you can make a workable New York thriller with a bunch of Europeans.
An innocuous, unappealing and in the end an absurdly violent revenge gangster film.
Not all of it hits its mark, but when the picture starts to gain momentum at the hour mark, its distinctiveness sets in. And it's almost startling.
The cast does all that they can, but, by the end, Dead Man Down plays as a confused, noble misfire.
It gives us no real themes to marinate upon, yet it gives us very little memorable action in which to revel. It's simply a mish-mosh and a shame.
The plot and characters of pulpy revenge thriller Dead Man Down are pure B-movie stuff, yet stars Colin Farrell and Noomi Rapace lend the film unexpected class and conviction.
While Dead Man Down has a talented cast in Farrell, Rapace, and Howard, it ends up being a rather bland take on the revenge thriller, offering nothing new or stimulating to the genre.
It's more American nightmare than any manner of dream.
Suppose Armand Assante had played the mother, not as a father, as a mother. Suppose Isabelle Huppert had taken the Colin Farrell part. This may be no more than playful, but heaven knows Dead Man Down needs as much of that as it can get.
Dead Man Down is Oplev demonstrating the same great cinematic sense he did with Millenium Series, and that revenge is never a straight line, it's a thorny bramble.
A scatter-brained plot never quite works itself out.
The plot takes a bit too long to get any traction and consequently the film feels rather long. Still, I like the fusion of Hollywood and European filmmaking sensibilities
Colin Farrell and Noomi Rapace are a knockout combination, their relationship grounded on a knife's edge of destruction
There are a couple of decent action scenes but this is just too ridiculous to be taken as seriously as it expects to be. With a slight re-edit, it could be re-released as Naked Gun 4.
It's a modern-day, edgy love story at heart ... The climatic ending ... is pretty spectacular ... Though nothing new, it's beautifully realised and shot.
Needless to say, the whole thing builds towards a big shoot-out, but none of the action is executed with any verve or style.
Dead Man Down is a self-consciously dark movie that's ultimately let down by JH Wyman's script.
As with The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo, Oplev uses darkness to convey atmosphere despite the overt crispness of the movie's digital look. Some old-fashioned celluloid grain would have done it the world of good.
A sturdy potboiler that's directed with a European sense of space and rhythm, accepting of character flaws, and generous with time for characters to breathe and develop at their own pace.
[Rapace] will be enough to send some to this urban thriller but the film will send them away disappointed.
By the time Dead Man Down descends into ultra-violence, you'll be long past caring.
Here's yet another preposterous action movie that's made watchable by a skilful director and an engaging cast.
It soon collapses into violent and boring nonsense.
A lifeless attempt to fuse a taut crime thriller and a complex psychological drama.
You are left feeling sorry for the actors who do their best, including Britain's Dominic Cooper, wasted as a dorkish gangster colleague of Victor's.
Oplev, who made The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo, can do this stuff in his sleep and somnambulism is largely the style here.
This is too dull to function as a thriller and too silly to qualify as anything else.
A disappointingly by-the-numbers revenge yarn unspieled at great length ...
Any film in which Isabelle Huppert is cast and then given absolutely nothing to do is a crime against cinema.
Visual style and strong characters aren't enough to make up for a deeply flawed script that fails to make logical sense.
Scrapes a pass thanks to offbeat performances and a couple of enjoyably preposterous action sequences.
Dead Man Down is gripping.
A way-too-leisurely thriller whose destination is fairly obvious from early on, but to which the talented cast apply themselves with effortful seriousness.
This convoluted thriller's nondescript title is a pointer to its flaws: unfocused and overlong, its swill of criminal characters and sub-plots feel like an unfinished work-in-progress ...
A pleasingly intricate double (or is it triple?) revenge plot anchored by excellent acting, with a terrific burst of action at the climax.
A jagged, unbalanced (in every sense) revenge flick that nonetheless offers up twists and brooding noir-ness.
The brightest attraction in this gripping potboiler is the cast, which is loaded to the gills with high pedigree actors like Isabelle Huppert, who comes just shy of stealing the show as Rapace's comically deaf mother.
When an early shootout erupts with a reggae-beat score, it's clear this director sees carnage as nothing more than an opportunity for music-video production values.
There's a small writing problem.
Once again Farrell is better than the material he is given - so is Rapace.
I'm not sure what the attraction was supposed to be here - plot holes and pretentious patter?
A noirish, rather ugly crime melodrama with pretensions that never get past pulp cliche.
Explores a common ground for noir thrillers before stumbling and imploding in a climax that feels like it might have been hijacked from an Arnold Schwarzenegger movie.
... a dour little crime thriller that, in the end, proves more infuriating than intriguing. A pity. Oplev remains a talent to watch. He certainly deserves another shot.
This is murky stuff plot-wise, but there's something odd and original about the relationship between Farrell's and Rapace's characters, in their mutual vengeance and shared pain.
Easily among the worst movies of the year.
Though rife with elements that will get it categorized as an action flick, this film aspires to be a psychological thriller as well, and it almost succeeds.
While a mob thriller can be as nasty as it likes, what it can't be is silly.
Whoever made the trailer for Dead Man Down is a genius because that quick assembly of moments from the movie is exciting, clear and clever -- all the things the movie is not.
More a dark fairy tale about vengeance than the action-packed crime thriller it purports to be, the film is at times exhilarating, bold, and beautiful -- when it's not busy being ludicrous, fragmented, and just plain stupid.
There's a crazypants crime movie and the damaged-people-find-each-other relationship movie, but together, it's a jambalaya that doesn't work.
Oh, to be Colin Farrell and look simply smashing in a pouring rainstorm, a raging wind tunnel or bleeding profusely from the head. Too bad he can't look good while acting out a bad screenplay. (Complete Content Details for Parents also available)
weird mix of morose northern European arthouse filmmaking with out-of-place Hollywood spectacle
It doesn't help the effort to be serious when the villains are so cartoonish and simple they should've tried to plant their crime ring in Oz
F. Murray Abraham and Armand Assante are criminally underused, but this is an engrossing film that has a well-told story and for that I'd say it makes a good outing at the theater or a great rental option.
It takes forever to get going, unspooling its hopelessly convoluted, unwieldy plot for so long that it loses whatever marginal narrative momentum it possesses.
Dead Man Down is two-thirds of a film for the arthouse/indie crowd with a third leftover for the mindless action-lover.
Dead Man Down is a very serious thriller featuring very serious stars being very serious about the seriousness at hand.
Though the wheels gradually come off the increasingly-preposterous production, all is forgiven on account of the convoluted adventure's compelling storyline, arresting special f/x, and satisfying, if farfetched resolution.
Three great action scenes and stellar acting from Farrell and Rapace make this a very solid thriller.
This blend of Scandinavian gloom and Hollywood hokum never jells.
(W)hat we have here is both foreign and familiar, yet another intriguing, if incomplete take on an age old Hollywood crime genre from someone far removed from it.
Dead Man Down is really sluggish at first, but tends to be really compelling in this overpowering "so bad it's good" kind of way. Good, bad, even "Dead Man Down" can't seem to decide.
Dead Man Down's script falls prey to its own downward trajectory, its unwieldy array of cheap contrivances and half-witted switcheroos amounting to little more than a cut-rate riff on The Departed.
This is, at heart, a melodrama cloaked in action movie clothing.
Oplev loses control of tone and purpose to make things go boom, making it extremely difficult to recall the positive aspects of this unsteady, chunky thriller.
Yep, there's a whole lot going on here, but this is one of those plot-heavy scripts that carries its weight with confidence - the intricate twists don't cheat.
Perhaps if Farrell and Rapace and Oplev had all stayed in Europe - and tried to do a similar script, with half-as-much firepower, and twice as much brainpower - they might have had something worth watching. Instead it's just something worth ducking.
Quite interesting, in an odd way, and as much of a drama as it is a thriller.
The film has been directed in a murky, rhythmless fashion by Niels Arden Oplev, who directed Rapace in the original, and terrific, Swedish-language The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo.
What would be an example of a dead man up? Weekend at Bernie's?
With only the most minimal of inspection, it's clear that J.H. Wyman's screenplay is a convoluted mess...
Dead Man Down is unexpectedly good, smart and compelling even through its rougher patches
Colin Farrell and Noomi Rapace are a pairing made in Hollywood heaven. It's too bad "Dead Man Down" can't quite pull itself out of purgatory.
A revenge thriller that aspires to be more than your average revenge thriller and surprisingly succeeds.
Revenge never felt less sweet.
Random, ridiculous, badly acted. Maybe it would make more sense in Swedish, with subtitles.
A moody twist of hyper-violent vengeance and heartache where death is hand-delivered, mercy is hard to come by and love is never easy.
A muscular action movie that almost buckles under the weight of its inconsequential tangents and convoluted plot.
Oplev composes shots with grace and an understanding of where everything is geographically and how scenes relate to each other in the multi-threaded plot. Like everything else in Dead Man Down, his direction is beautiful and brutal at the same time.
The plot unfolds slowly, obliquely and in some cases backwards, although it's a measure of Oplev's skill as director that we're never lost in the labyrinthine plot.
A derivative collection of brazen plot holes and latenight-cable cliches.
Appealing international cast and brooding noirish ambience can't compensate for this silly and twisted revenge tale, Oplev's disappointing American debut.
The cautionary adage about weaving tangled webs in the process of deception certainly applies to Dead Man Down, an overwrought thriller brought to ground by its own contrivances.
Rapace is eminently watchable, though, bringing the same fire she had in her Dragon Tattoo trilogy.
Neither the on- nor off-screen talent can spark much life into this self-consciously moody revenge tale, which ends up feeling like a strained exercise in seventies neo-noir revivalism.
As a gritty thriller, Dead Man Down doesn't stand out among its bullet-riddled brethren.
Farrell and Rapace are well suited, two quiet performers who hint at hidden depths.
The movie might have been better if its Swedish director, Niels Arden Oplev, had played with the genre clichés stuffed in this turkey instead of going for straight-up action.
The action merely meanders when it should be hurtling forward, running in circles when one expects it to head toward a conclusion or some sense of resolution.
I am recommending that you see this, if only so you can explain to me what the hell just happened.
It's all so much turgid brooding, dialogue underlined with import, and leaden symbolism involving Rapace's white and red dresses, none of which is salvaged by a typically understated Farrell performance.
In the end, a viewer can do little more than appreciate Dead Man's shimmering look and wish all involved better luck in their next endeavor.
The screenplay by J. H. Wyman is squirm-inducing in its preposterous dialogue and haphazard plotting.
I can see people renting this over VOD. I can also see a lot of people turning to the person next to them on the couch and asking "do you want to finish this?"
That crack cast still keeps things involving, especially Rapace's emotionally and physically disfigured Beatrice.
[A] bleak film noir that values character over tension.
Before it devolves into typical American-style action, there's an intriguing, European-style complexity to Dead Man Down.
Before this urban revenge melodrama falls apart in a clatter of plot absurdities and pretensions, it has its loopy charms.

@highlight

While the fine cast keeps Dead Man Down watchable throughout, the film is weighted down by absurd plot twists and a slack pace.