you've seen this movie before
Very violent hostage drama.
This is one movie that would be incomplete without a soda, some popcorn, and a box of chocolate covered something.
Reasonably competent and breathlessly paced.
Mostly a nerve jangling thriller, but you know there's something not quite right about a movie when you're wondering more about why such a plush mansion on fire doesn't have a better sprinkler system.
It revels in a sort of operatic vulgarity. And once the story exhausts its over-the-top cheesiness, there are still a few loose ends to tie up, and so the film drags on.
It's about as meaningful as a pile of clichés.
Estamos ante una historia interesante, en la que los personajes dejan de ser las caricaturas habituales de siempre para convertirse en seres humanos reales.
chaotic and clichéd
Willis manages to be the best thing in the picture, and largely because of him I was willing to overlook the plot's ridiculous loopholes and exaggerations.
O tipo de filme que deveria ter sido estrelado por Steven Seagal ou Dolph Lundgren e lançado diretamente em vídeo e DVD.
Much like Jeff Talley himself, Hostage badly needed a shave.
Movies can be smart movies, masquerading as stupid ones - this may be the smartest stupid movie you see all year. Either way, it's just what you're looking for.
If you enjoyed the die-hard films of earlier years, this should be a big winner for you.
While not high art by any stretch of the imagination Siri, Willis and company create a better movie than the premise deserves and create an entertaining B-movie.
...harrowing and brutal, and, as a result, extremely tense.
An agonizingly heated crime drama.
It's easy to mistake Hostage for a plausible adult thriller that loses its way after the first act. But if you pay attention, it's ridiculous from the get-go.
It's continually exciting, but also exhausting...and filled with moral ugliness.
The premise is overstuffed with unlikely plot twists and absurdities, but it works as an effective thriller despite the flaws ...
Crais created human beings whose natural actions modulated into an ascending, out-of-control vortex of danger and conflict. The adapters lapsed into familiar stereotypes.
Willis co-produced this movie, so we should take it as a sign of his desire to step back into these crime-fighter roles. But without a bigger infusion of originality, the effort is going to die hard.
We've had Die Hard and Die Harder, so why not Die Hardest?
The attention shifts from individual character detail and psychological chess matches to outlandish developments and ludicrous resolutions.
A lurid, exploitative actioner.
Visually stylish but highly improbable.
Hostage is all the pulp thriller Bruce Willis movies you've seen before.
The clichés are flying faster than the bullets.
"Hostage" holds the audience prisoner in its implausible, frenzied, blood-soaked melodrama.
Caffeine, testosterone, adrenaline, gasoline, and a lot of blood add up to one big headache
Hostage rumbles on as aimlessly as an incoherent ransom note written with a streaking crayon...banally boisterous and over-the-top
Hostage asks us to consider what we would do in the exact same situation, and that is what effective filmmaking is all about.
just as ridiculous as most other action movies, but at least it's one with a few ideas in its head
At its best Hostage is a nasty, ridiculously involving white-knuckle B-Movie --acted with pure conviction by the eternally underrated Bruce Willis.
Even with one ending too many, this popcorn-movie delivers tension-filled entertainment.
Ticking-clock thriller takes borrowed parts, gives them a glossy coat of new blood and delivers a clenched-fist bundle of jolts and surprises.
Snatches the sadistic content of a rabble-rousing exploitation film and stashes it within the overblown blockbuster pretensions of a Bruce Willis action vehicle...
The best Willis films treat his heroics with good-natured disbelief, but all that's left [here] are his increasingly weary action moves.
What might have been a nice little potboiler... is done in by director Florent Siri's bloodthirsty glee at exploiting the movie's child characters.
I thought, this is going to be a first-rate thriller, nobody plays that kind of character better than Bruce Willis, he's great at that. And then it just gets more and more complicated and more and more ridiculous.
...a dark, violent thriller whose main goal is to keep you glued to your seat.
A step up from 'The Whole Ten Yards' if that means anything.
The Bruce Willis vehicle Hostage starts nicely, only to shed IQ points at alarming speed.
...we have seen it all before in better more original films. ...the quality of the action seems dated; this would have been perfect in the mid-1990s.
"Hostage" blends "Mercury Rising" with "Die Hard" to create an average, well, Bruce Willis movie
Starts out with a lot of promise, but suffers from a silly plot that gets sillier as it goes along.
This is the action-movie machine, whereby special effects become the story rather than a logical result of the story.
Bruce One-Ups the Genre He Helped to Pefect. Sadly, No one Came Along.
The end, which manages to rip off Aliens as well as every other cheesy crime drama ever made, was just too much for me.
Lots of thrills and chills.
Bombastic, audacious and slick, yes -- but in this genre, those are often good attributes.
It's just unfortunate that the film doesn't give [Willis] that much to actually do, at least until the ridiculous climax, when video-game director Siri goes all out with slow-mo, pseudo-religious imagery and lots of impressive fire effects.
But whereas Woo is a genius capable, at least in his best pictures (Bullet in the Head, The Killer, Face/Off, Hard-Boiled), of generating heart-wrenching emotion in seemingly the briefest of strokes, Siri's attempts come off as laughably ludicrous.
I was a nervous wreck by the end of this suspenseful movie.
A tired formula.
The very thing that makes Hostage so good is the very same thing that may likely kill its chances at the box office: this film goes to some dark places.
Speaking of torture, if you dig it, by all means lock yourself up for two hours with Hostage, which begins by administering electric shocks to your viscera and keeps upping the voltage.
Any potential is squandered by implausibilities and a stunning lack of originality.
It starts as a tensely twist-filled action thriller, but through some serious missteps in logic and clichéd moments, it ends in a bloody mess.
For action movie fans who require just a touch of depth and mystery between gunshots, Hostage could make for a satisfying night at the movies.
I'd call it ugly and I'd be willing to bet that you won't see anyone climbing on a moral high horse in an attempt to shout it down. Someone should.
Brainlessly efficient.
Strictly by the book: It's adapted from an airport best-seller by Robert Crais, and its scenes might as well be preceded with chapter headings.
The grisly death scenes make sense considering Director Florent Emilio Siri's used to direct video games...Yes, video games have directors today. And antacids have calcium.
Not that there's anything wrong with testosterone and senseless destruction as long as they're balanced by some true sense of heart and at least a smidgen of believability, neither of which survive here.
French director Florent Siri deserves good marks for ratcheting up the tension in parts, even if he goes cheesy with the overly dramatic music and too many slo-mo shots. Not bad, but hardly captivating.
The subplots are stacked up and nesting into each other like so many Russian dolls, and seeming every bit as precious.
Naturally, there is no denial by good taste of grisly plot jolts.
Willis plays a man with a past whose nightmare returns when a hostage drama reopens old wounds, blah, blah, blah...
Willis wears the character like an old glove; he's a decent, no-nonsense character torn by the threat to his family but prepared to get the job done.
This just represents one more notch down on Willis' foundering career.
This is, in the final analysis, just another Bruce Willis Movie, albeit one that makes us think a bit more than usual and maybe hope a little harder that all those bullets and explosions will be put to good use.
...a nerve-shredding yarn ... While the ending can't completely sabotage the movie, it certainly doesn't enhance it.
Returns again and again to the scenes built around the threat of a groped or abused child, and pulls still a third teen out of its hat for a gun-to-the-head finale.
If it doesn't wholly succeed, at least it fails in an interesting way.
The result is a tough but frightened guy -- someone who can kick down a door, then burst into tears when he finds a dead body inside. Willis isn't playing a hero; he's playing a man.
The writing and direction are simplistic.
The movie doesn't spend much time on details or characterization, especially of its nonessential female characters (which is to say all of them).
The movie is breathlessly paced, fiendishly constructed and generally involving.
Takes a turn for the worse after its first half-hour, morphing into an overstuffed exercise in gore and stupidity that will leave your ears ringing and your eyes rubbed raw from disbelief.
It's a full-on adrenaline feature.
Doug Richardson's script is as riddled with plot holes as Pollak's house is with bullets.
Tuned in to current politics, narrating the failure of isolationism, as the men imagine can lock themselves up apart from the world.
Beyond the cliches, there's something deeply offensive about the way Hostage exploits our empathy for children in peril.
The film quickly collapses into incoherence with a barrage of bullets, Molotov cocktails and the arrival of a SWAT team.
Hostage" plays so much to Willis' strengths that it could have been called Die Hard 4: Die Even Harder."
A well-intended but perfunctorily overblown feature produced by and starring Bruce Willis, whose emotionally raw performance is the film's saving grace.
By the time Willis's character saves this considerably long day, it's filmgoers who will no doubt feel like prisoners.
It doesn't satisfy in the way a good thriller ought to.
The amazing thing is how dull a movie crawling with gunfire, psycho tantrums and stuff blowing up can be when you just don't care what happens to anyone.
It's a mishmash of familiar themes.
Ultimately comes down to that most tired of devices, a psychotic killer who can't be stopped by bullets, fire or a knife in the face. The big shootout is simply laughable.
Bruce Willis, who feels like a resident of action thrillers, not a visitor, dials down here into a man of fierce focus and private motives.
The script is clever without ever being smart, the violence is showy but not cathartic, and the performances are, to put it kindly, a mixed bag.
In a movie season that has Vin Diesel changing diapers and The Rock singing show tunes, it's nice to have Willis back in action.
Bruce Willis struggles valiantly to have us empathize with his character's effort to redeem himself in his own eyes, but he fails and can only gush tears.
Director Florent Emilio Siri is so caught up in his florid stylings that "Hostage" is somewhat enjoyable on a cheesy level
It brings little new to the table, even by generic 'reluctant warrior' thriller standards.
Gorgeous atmospherics and good performances with a convoluted and overstuffed plot.
Old action heroes die hard. Bruce Willis regains blazing glory in Hostage, an action-thriller with more twists and turns than Mulholland Drive.
Willis travels a well trodden road...screenwriter Doug Richardson...manufactures one obstacle after another for our hero
Although overplotted, too contrived, and seldom plausible, Hostage nevertheless succeeds as a taut, furiously paced and hard-edged variation of Desperate Hours.
Accept Hostage for what it is, and a flawed-but-enjoyable ride awaits. I never once glanced at my watch.
...at least the movie has a tone, and a style, and enthusiasm.
It keeps you interested in the plot, it's easy to follow, and you get to see Bruce Willis kick some booty.
The insanity bound for you in the final reel is a smorgasbord of brimstone and the ugliness of the most tasteless slasher films.
We hate to say it, but an episode of Bravo's Celebrity Poker Showdown featuring Bruce Willis and Kevin Pollak would have been waaay more entertaining.
Contrast between impulsive, hot-headed amateurs and implacable, cold-blooded professionals takes this story above the usual guns and explosions multiplex fodder.
It can never quite make that final leap over its formula.
Like the criminals it portrays, Hostage is a dangerous combination -- violence and no intelligence.
Holding back tears, Willis actually delivers the soon to be immortal line "Yeah, Tommy, Captain Wubba's gonna save Planet Xenon." Now, that sounds like a movie.
There's a gripping thriller between the gaps in logic. Director Florent Siri has a tough style and an unforgiving attitude, but it drowns in the queasy blood lust.
Die Hard from the outside... Ben Foster can't not look like he's going to kill you... And [Willis] has got catch phrases again. Yay! ... I even loved the opening credits.
Made with energetic flair and no small dose of violence, mercifully handled with discretion, Hostage exemplifies taut, confident filmmaking.
The film doesn't follow its own rules.
Typical Bruce Willis fare.
Inevitably, the action has to take over, and the film devolves into a frenzy of fireballs and automatic gunfire.
A pile of blood-soaked toxic waste dumped onto the screen in an attempt to salvage Bruce Willis's fading career as an action hero.
A visceral, sleazily self-assured B movie.
Not that there's anything wrong with trying to inject some solemnity and sophistication into an action movie, but god help you if you don't do it right...
The action is dynamically filmed and Willis is at his best. Suspense is soon hijacked by outright gore and grisliness, though.
The 7-year-old is far and away the smartest character, which is one sign Hostage is an implosion waiting to happen.
Hostage may well be the first action flick cited both for child abuse and audience abuse. In a singularly sadistic and degrading way it has something to offend everyone.
You might feel that the title applies to you.
It's a tossup whether the crying jags are inspired by this jumbled script or by the fact that Willis has made six dreadful movies in a row.
A passable thriller with a lot of borrowed style.
When it's over, you just want to make sure the vise that's been squeezing your head for more than two hours didn't leave any dents or scratches.
Entertainment by force of will, moviemaking by sledgehammer.
Explosions, gunfights and suspense may keep you awake for a while, but not if the movie assaults logic and holds common sense hostage.
Hostage is a hit-and-miss action-thriller. When it is good, it crackles and pops with literally breathless, grip-your-armrest-style intensity.
The last 30 minutes is a terribly busy bore, and does an excellent job of creating a bad taste to a film that isn't a complete washout and a decent genre exercise.
Takes a kitchen sink approach to the thriller genre, throwing in elements from all types of similar films.
This is a masterclass in how to come back after being flushed down the toilet for the umpteenth time
As time capsules of our defeated, misanthropic age go, Hostage is pretty good. As cash grabs go, it's pretty despicable.
Hostage rehashes several films, rips off loads of visuals, dialogue, and plot points, but it also entertains on some level. Wait to rent it.
I'm the leader of the Convocation of Ridiculously Ugly Dreck (CRUD), and I've made Willis my monkey boy.
Every bit as riveting as The Negotiator, which wasn't at all riveting.
An interesting French action pic fights gallantly for dominance over a bulging, American-style shoot-'em-up.
By the film's conclusion, Willis grows tired of the holes in his plot and starts putting holes in the bad guys. This from a guy who swore off action movies.
Siri has a good grip on the tingly tension, but he lets logical and logistical details slip through his fingers on his way toward a climax that goes into cliché overdrive.
For all the gunshots, gore, and Willis' grimace, it's bland. The situations are pat, the characters cliché.
By piling coincidence upon coincidence, the picture, though quite slickly made, collapses under the weight of its accumulated cliches and improbabilities.
A steaming pile of siege clichés and screaming unlikelihoods.
As the story further ramps up the complications, poor plot mechanics run pic off the road.
Director Siri's heavily stylized visual approach translates successfully, at least before everything reaches an overly operatic third-act crescendo.
Aided by a sinister house, this is a terrific, tension-filled action movie, with character development unusual for the genre. Ben Foster creates a scary psychopathic villain.
A Heaven Can Wait DVD figures prominently in Hostage, but there's more hellfire than wit or romance in Florent Siri's thriller.
A brutal and suspenseful film noir.
The makers of Hostage are clearly of the school of thought that believe any scene can be improved with dramatic, swelling music and slow motion action.
It's nasty, violent, artistically barren and kind of fun.








@highlight

Grisly and cliched, audiences may feel they're being held Hostage.