Goodnight Mommy indulges in abstract horror, containing many lucid dream sequences depicting unnatural behavior, and striking imagery meant to keep viewers unsure of what is actually going on before the big third act reveal
The worst thing about it is that it goes on far longer than it needs to: Whatever value it has to the story does not excuse the filmmakers' insistence on rubbing our noses in its sadism.
A much-needed fresh breath in Austrian cinema.
I swear, if I wasn't running late for my second event of the night, I would have stood up in the theater and did a long slow clap after watching the Austrian horror, GOODNIGHT MOMMY.
The tiny cast of Goodnight Mommy is impressive indeed: the naturalistic style is perfect for the slow building tension that heats up to fever pitch by the climax.
Goodnight Mommy filmmakers put viewers through hell with the implicit promise that they'll make it all worth it in the end. The biggest surprise, for me, was that they actually make good on that contract.
If you're squirmish...it may be best to stay away-but we dare you not to.
With minimal resources, writer/directors Severin Fiala and Veronika Franz have crafted an insidious chiller, drawing measured performances from real-life twins Lukas and Elias Schwarz.
Goodnight Mommy is brilliantly unnerving from the outset with a final act that's a twisted little treat.
It is, at times, very exciting and tense. It is also very clichéd.
Goodnight Mommy employs similar psychological tactics found in film noir and the gothic by arousing the same cultural moods of paranoia and mistrust, which have resulted from a disruption to a seemingly, civilized ideal.
A movie that fans of the genre can't miss. [Full review in Spanish]
A great horror exercise filled with intrigue, suspense and a small touch of dark humor. [Full review in Spanish]
Intensely disturbing.
It's an eerie, stylish, oddly beautiful and commendably macabre little film.
It is intriguing, unsettling and extremely nasty with moments that are not for the faint-hearted.
By the third act, you'll be hiding your face in wincing terror.
Take a hike, Jeremy Irons' scary gynaecologist brothers in Dead Ringers. The movieverse has just birthed some new terrifying twins.
Goodnight Mommy has a surreal, almost fairy tale quality.
This is a potent and disturbing nightmare, with flawless performances and a rich imagination behind its grim façade.
Builds and builds and builds in its intensity.
It's creepy, manipulative and, in its dark, quiet way, unforgettable.
Horror fans have their patience tested more than most, but wading through cookie-cutter, cattle-prod fare only makes you appreciate the real deal even more when it comes creeping and crawling out the woodwork.
A disturbingly compelling watch.
A genuinely disturbing Austrian chiller.
Veronika Franz and Severin Fiala, the directors of Goodnight Mommy, leave no doubt that something is wrong. It is horribly enjoyable trying to work out what that might be.
Where others would simply concern itself with the mystery - who's really crazy here, and why? - directors Franz and Fiala are more interested in the human psychology, reflected in a creepily serene coda.
Guardedly recommended.
It's hard to pin it on the horror genre because it also has drama and lots of suspense, and stays tense for the whole 100 minutes of running time. [Full Review in Spanish]
A cruel twisting narrative that too obviously telegraphs some aspects but also keeps a handful of the proceedings mysterious and is all the better for it.
Icily effective.
Every inch of the film crackles with the grim intensity of a funeral pyre and there's a strong sense of foreboding, while both the twins turn in devilishly good performances.
While it grasps at deep thoughts about grief and perversion, Goodnight Mommy feels a specious ruse to show extreme cruelty.
Goodnight Mommy (2015) is an unsettling horror film built on scars (physical and psychological) that upset the connection between a mother (Susanne Wuest) and her sons...
Beneath it all is the nagging and heartbreaking feeling that these boys have lost their protector. That vulnerability-combined with their isolation, their confusion-can be harder to stomach than some of the more graphic scenes.
Goodnight Mommy is not easy to watch, but with elegant cinematography, impeccable pacing and a thrumming sense of dread, Franz and Fiala make it hard to look away.
A haunting and unsettling examination of identity, grief, family dynamics and how parents often struggle, Goodnight Mommy is one of those films where the less you know going in, the better, as the way the story unfolds is nothing short of masterful.
A refreshing and stylish film that reminds us that big budgets for special effects and sets are not necessary to tell an efficient and disturbing horror story. [Full review in Spanish]
Lukas and Elias are the nightmare of any parent, as her mother is for any child. [Full review in Spanish]
Austrian horror flick about 9 year-old twins who have to figure out the awful truth about their abusive mom the hard way.
A creepy tale where paranoia and the darkness of the human mind shine in a this exquisite film. [Full review in Spanish]
Franz and Fiala's clever script doles out context in small, strategic doses, and keeps the audience guessing, even as the strange behavior on both sides increases and becomes more squirm-inducing.
The movie goes great lenghts to make situations happen in such a disorienting way and with a very elemental, direct language, that it becomes nightmarish. [Full Review in Spanish]
A new twist on the traditional tropes of the psychological horror. [Full review in Spanish]
With great performances, Goodnight, Mommy is a psychological thriller you can't miss. [Full review in Spanish]
It stands out because of the patient and confident treatment of psychological horror. [Full review in Spanish]
I wasn't ready for what Fiala and Franz show us in this film. I don't think anyone is. [Full review in Spanish]
The pay off at the end is not quite as satisfying as I was hoping for but it holds up for the most part and does make for a chilling moment or two.
You can't miss this cruel game of cat and mouse. [Full review in Spanish]
Welcome to the new face of horror, an inclusive arthouse film and a cinematic experience you can't miss. [Full review in Spanish]
Goodnight Mommy is a very disquieting, very suspenseful film, but proceed with caution.
Watching these two brats who have nothing interesting, witty or humorous to say, soon becomes tedious.
You won't find a better film to satisfy your Halloween bloodlust than Goodnight Mommy.
It's a movie that needs to be seen and experience for oneself. Then you'll probably want to call your mom, but be afraid to do so.
If you missed last year's The Babadook and It Follows, do not miss Goodnight Mommy. It is a terrific thriller and there will not be a faithful Hollywood remake.
The tension in Goodnight Mommy owes everything to our not knowing who to trust. Things don't always need to come rushing out of the darkness to be frightening.
The obviousness of the story twist doesn't matter: 'Goodnight Mommy' isn't a puzzle to be solved but an experience to be absorbed, thanks to the presence of those twins who motivate every great genre film, horror and beauty.
Intense arthouse splatter pic.
Many a motion picture will attempt to pull the rug from underneath us, but seldom is it yanked with this much potency, or with such a lack of obvious foreshadowing.
It's kind of the love child of Michael Haneke and Eli Roth, meaning that it's basically arty torture-porn, but made on tranquilizers.
Although you might figure out the big final twist in 'Goodnight Mommy' early on-which isn't all that difficult to do-it will probably still fascinate you, as well as creep you out.
...an intriguing and seemingly foolproof scenario that's rendered increasingly irrelevant by Fiala and Franz...
Goodnight Mommy conjures cinematic references ranging from Michael Haneke to Georges Franju, and there are a number of powerful images and surrealist red herrings, but the film is more icky than creepy.
It's the most unsettling identical-twin psycho-thriller I've seen since The Other-and that was back in '72!
The first time you watch "Goodnight Mommy," you may spend the last half-hour watching the movie through your fingers. And then you'll immediately want to watch it again.
The tension never lets up.
A quietly alarming thriller.
Franz and Fiala have pieced together a riveting nightmare.
When we complain about something making a twist too easy to guess, its creators may just be trying to lead you by the nose to a reveal because that makes everything around it psychologically richer.
Here is a horror film that features very little screaming, except from the theater audience.
The trauma is both enticing and disconcerting, elusive and visceral. And so, too, is your experience.
Goodnight Mommy is superficially appealing yet isn't able to establish its own horrifying characteristics.
Despite its weak story, the stunning shots and tense setting make this film unique and one to remember.
For anyone who can handle its uncompromising darkness, "Goodnight Mommy" is well worth a look.
Milks the Euro master-shot style of minimalist filmmaking - entire scenes told in carefully chosen, unmoving long takes; little or no music that's not a part of the action; exposition parceled out gradually and minimally - for tense scares.
It's tempting to call this a horror movie for people who don't like the genre, but it's more accurate to call it a movie for people who like good movies, no matter what type.
File this under "the less you know, the better." That creepy trailer is a bit misleading, but the more you can avoid going in, the better.
Provocation is all this thing is after -- and in all the most predictable ways.
Goodnight Mommy is a stylishly creepy, courageously grisly genre picture. But as a psycho-chiller, it lacks depth and substance.
An arty piece of torture porn. Good luck if you guess the twist immediately as I did.
Fiala and Franz explain all of this in purely visual terms ... with minimal dialogue and an unswerving escalation of tension.
Seriously, 9-year-old boys are hell on wheels. And writer-directors Severin Fiala and Veronika Franz raise the bar on that concept in spinning a twisted tale about Lukas and Elias.
The terror is sophisticated, chilling enough to set the hair of the art-house aficionados' goatees on end, but perhaps not to everyone's taste.
Paced with quiet deliberation, this is the rare horror movie where the mood gets darker as the filmmakers bring more light to the visuals.
Martin Gschlacht's 35mm widescreen images pop and burst and glow with nightmarish vivacity, and intent sound design largely substitutes for a scare score. Dolls, mannequins and masks abound...
There's enough here for several films, yet somehow it doesn't quite add up to one. Franz and Fiala are visionaries; all they need is a vision.
The emotional stuff still lands, and Wuest is terrific in a very tricky role. It just didn't surprise me is all.
Writer-directors Severin Fiala and Veronika Franz keep the tension building throughout and there is a general air of disturbing creepiness, although there are diversionary slips in the script that are a slightly too obvious.
A masterful example of genre filmmaking's ability to transcend its limitations, leaving a viewer not just frightened, but also changed.
Tightly controlled in its depiction of a family dynamic that's a little too late for counseling, "Goodnight Mommy" is sporadically skillful enough to transcend its own open secret.
So intense and harrowing that it probably should have a warning label.
The boundlessness of the juvenile imagination is often treated as whimsical and wonderful, but in this Austrian shocker the fanciful ideas rattling around inside children's skulls grow hideously dark.
There's something here as old as the Brothers Grimm, and the shock still works.
It's a haunting work superbly edited for maximum effect, scored (by Olga Neuwirth) with nerve-jangling precision, and performed with chilling, deadpan seriousness by its cast.
I don't know if I've ever spotted a twist faster. Thin, boring and unpleasant in ways that aren't revealing.
Parents with young children may never recover from what "Goodnight Mommy" does to them. Those without kids will probably want to keep it that way forever.
Cowriter/directors Veronika Franz and Severin Fiala prove themselves masters of misdirection in this psychological horror film in which the less said about the better.
A mystery that will have you watching with the lights on
The most terrifying film of the year with a climax so twisty it begs an immediate second viewing.
Rarely has auteur horror been done so atmospherically and with such deft control of tension.
While it might not work as the scare-a-minute spookfest you think you're watching early on, it redeems itself as a grim, dramatic, emotionally charged tale.
This is deft and daring storytelling that will grip anyone who's willing to be a little uncomfortable - make that a lot uncomfortable - and who's willing to follow it into some dark and twisted territory.
When things go wrong at home, they really go wrong.
[A]s long as it's holding back from the excess that eventually overpowers it, this is an intensely powerful film.
A must see, specially if you're a fan of the genre. [Full review in Spanish]
While it might lack consistent tension, the atmospheric film has plenty of unsettling moments and builds to an effectively bleak and disturbing finale while subverting genre expectations.
Austerely photographed and sparsely, ethereally scored, Goodnight Mommy is a haunting feature debut.
Goodnight Mommy still seems to set its sights on more psychological thriller territory, but by the time that finale (that twist) unveils its disturbing details, the strictures of genre hardly matter in light of the darkness at the film's heart.
...in execution, Goodnight Mommy...fails to cohere as a narrative or deeply resonate as horror.
Those with stronger constitutions will find it to be an excursion to the cinematic dark side that is a million times removed from such recent genre gibberish as "Unfriended" or "The Gallows."
One of the year's best and most psychologically disturbing horror films.
Beginning with a gentle lullaby and ending with a tightly packed wallop, "Goodnight Mommy" is one viscerally chilling, seriously unsettling horror film.
Since 1963, the Austrian birthrate has halved. You can't blame Goodnight Mommy for the trend, but it sure isn't helping.
There's no doubt that many horror fans will delight in this artfully shot movie, thanks to cinematographer Martin Gschlacht. But some will be confused as to what's really happening until the third act.
Brahms's "Cradle Song" might play at the beginning, but that doesn't mean anyone here has the slightest chance of sleeping.
Like professional conjurers, writer-directors Veronika Franz and Severin Fiala are masters of diversion.
Franz and Fiala expertly shift audience perceptions even as they raise the stakes, with some seriously uncomfortable, hard-to-watch sequences.
No spoilers here, just an advisement that you may want to refill your Xanax prescription prior to seeing this one.
Vastly smarter--and more terrifying--than most of the low-budget horror films (sequels and prequels and spinoffs!) being pumped into theatres on a regular basis.
"Goodnight Mommy" constructs an alarming fairy-tale diorama frozen in a state of peril and humanity.
Goodnight Mommy is a rare horror film that delivers exactly what you'd hope - go into this one blind, and you'll ensure maximum appreciation of each vastly different (and haunting) act.
A mad, malevolent adventure through the minds of its three characters and the house they inhabit.
Holds your attention hostage even as the urge to look away from the terror grows within you.
"Goodnight Mommy" delivers a finale you watch all the way through to the bitterest of ends, though it's a high compliment the film's horror cred to say that you might not want to.
Few films craft an atmosphere of suspense as deftly as GOODNIGHT MOMMY. This movie will make you extraordinarily nervous.
Goodnight Mommy runs out of potential thrills an hour in before turning into Hostel Part IV.
Fialo and Franz only finally subvert the viewer's perspective at the very end of the film, which speaks to a goal of crafting a formidable, atmospheric, and surprising work of genre, rather than attempting to transcend such molds.
Honestly, without the festival hype, this would probably be a quickly forgotten number, a low-key bit of horror with a gimmick, that just happens to be from Germany.
A must-see for fans of extreme cinema and those movie-lovers who get off on taut editing, delicately placed sound design and tightly wound storytelling-and a must-never-see for pretty much everybody else.
Writer/directors Severin Fiala and Veronika Franz draw out the discomfort and suspense with plenty of moments that make you squirm... I personally applaud Fiala and Franz for taking me on this ride and nailing me.
Goodnight Mommy plays on the nerves with expert cruelty-so much so, actually, that by the time the film belatedly comes clean about the plot secret everyone has already guessed, you're too pummeled into submission to care.
This insidious tale of a mother-son bond gone haywire is squirm-inducing stuff. It has cult potential stamped all over it.
A hefty part of the suspense stems from the fact no one seems to be behaving rationally: not mommy, not the kids.
Every minute that goes by ratchets up the mystery and the unease.

@highlight

Dark, violent, and drenched in dread, Goodnight Mommy is perfect for extreme horror enthusiasts -- or filmgoers who prefer to watch between splayed fingers.