A melody that, like any refrain of a summer song, is dedicated to reinterpreting the eternal rhythm, and wasting its potential. Or, in this case, that of its protagonists. [Full review in Spanish]
Worth a look.
Be sure to stay to see the artistic staging of the movie's final musical number. It ends up being a wonderful scene to remember, despite the heartache that comes before.
The strong performances are compromised by a crowd-pleasing approach that feels more sanitized than authentically gritty
An unimaginative drama, carried by solid acting ... but let down by an unspectacular script that includes lines such as, "surviving and living are two different things!"
"Urban Hymn" is so carefully and lovingly made by director Michael Caton-Jones and his leads that it's hard to begrudge the British drama its familiar premise, especially as you squint at the screen through tears.
What begins as a gritty, documentary-style dive into the young women's world -- they're introduced as looters during the 2011 Tottenham riots -- quickly devolves into a Lifetime movie.
Music redeems an at-risk teen in "Urban Hymn," a social-problem melodrama whose other major characters don't fare so well.
The fight scenes are nasty, the language is harsh and the three leads are utterly convincing.
In all, there are strong individual performances from a stellar cast, restrained by a narrative that -- though honest and heartfelt -- is regretfully tenuous and jazz-handsy.
Urban Hymn unfolds in predictably schematic steps and flat, stilted dialogue.
The film ends up turning into a mellow protest song that blames bad influences. [Full review in Spanish]
Contrary to the conventions of the genre, the film progresses in a very convincing confrontation of three personages by means of a very american melodrama of personal overcoming. [Full review in Spanish]
Urban Hymn is a movie of noble intention and clod-footed execution.
An impressively rounded character study set against the London riots of 2011.
Urban Hymn also sounds hackneyed on paper but isn't on film.
Good intentions can't keep this stab at social realism from descending into maudlin melodrama.
Urban Hymn may sound predictable but director Michael Caton-Jones holds the attention, showing that these two women with very different lives have more in common than we thought in a film that's well worth searching out.
A mixed bag, but one that comes good in its closing stretch, working its way towards a place of quiet power.
A startling portrait of girls at risk, with a magnificent performance by gonna-be-a-star Letitia Wright. Lovely, moving, utterly unsentimental.
It's heavy-handed, but with such fine performances from the youngsters, aided by the ever-reliable Shirley Henderson, that it's hard not to get sucked into this tragic tale.
One of the most beautiful, heartbreaking and tender films of the year.
Next time, how about the deprived girl from the mean streets has ambitions to be a scientist?
Urban Hymn's strength lies in its strong female leads, particularly Laughland's visceral turn as the volatile Leanne.
Keeping tight control of the tone throughout, Caton-Jones (who describes the film as 'a sort of Ken Loach musical') maintains an effective balance of strong social realism and feel-good elements.
Competent if pedestrian "Urban Hymn" takes a familiar walk down the path of inspirational youth drama.

@highlight

Urban Hymn follows a familiar outline, but does so with enough palpable feeling that it's easy to forgive the film's flaws.