Warner Bros second foray into Bollywood is a brainless masala potboiler.
Insufferable. Burdened with insipid plotting and lame comedy.
Tries to juggle Bollywood musical with martial arts action and slapstick comedy and fails at all three.
This is a fun movie, as well as an interesting peek into what entertains audiences in a different culture.
Chandni Chowk to China is a fresh, invigorating mashup of Bollywood and Asian martial arts epics. Then, it stays around a good half hour too long. Way too long.
An energetic, if uneven, movie masala whose ingredients include broad comedy, fists of fury, dark family secrets and musical numbers.
Packs enough entertaining moments in its 154-minute running time to whet our appetite for more films from the subcontinent, but its sloppy audio and low-rent visual effects will likely prove distracting to American audiences accustomed to more polished fa
A wholly missed opportunity to broaden the Hindi film fan base in America.
Half Bollywood, Half Chinese, all nonsense spectacle. Nikhil Advani's sprawling action-comedy has the feel of great ambition designed by committee.
Any hopes of stylistic experimentation or genre fusion are quickly dashed and it becomes evident that this is simply two films: the first half singing, dancing Bollywood and the second a middle-of-the-road martial arts flick.
If Chandni Chowk to China is any indication, a combination of Bollywood and kung-fu movies is something the world needed without even realizing it.
...so energetically off-the-wall that the sheer novelty alone makes it entertain much of the way.
Chandni Chowk to China never captures our imagination the way those twin Tarantino films did, mostly thanks to a lead character who's too dumb to root for, much less believe in.
Results are wonky, with its detriments mainly attributable to its Indian influence.
Chandni Chowk to China is Bollywood's all-singing, all-dancing, all-Hindi bid to conquer America.
Chandni Chowk is the kind of madness to which you surrender unconditionally or not at all. You'll find the trans-Asian journey from the market street in Delhi to the tyrannized village in China bewitching or bewildering, with little room in between.
Chandni Chowk isn't going to appeal to those not already entertained by Bollywood and kung-fu movie clichés. But it could turn the charismatic Kumar into a global star, making the prescribed happy ending even sweeter for Warner Bros.
Chandni has martial- arts montages and Bollywood song-and-dance numbers. As tacky as the latter are, they're the sweet -- and only? -- draw of the movie. They also give this slight comedy-adventure its epic and unearned length.
If Chandni Chowk to China were a person, it would need Valium.
In fact, at two hours and 34 minutes, CC2C is too much by a half: too much dancing and fighting and too much footage of the Great Wall of China.
If Chandni Chowk To China is not exactly original, it steals wisely, resulting in a movie that moves and entertains (even if it's too long by at least a half-hour).
Chandni Chowk to China is an energetic mess.
Sold as a groundbreaking convergence of Asia's leading cinematic influences -- kung fu flicks and Bollywood extravaganzas -- it can only be termed genre-mashup overkill.
Think of the title of this Bollywood/martial-arts mashup as a riff on North by Northwest. And like that preeminent American entertainment, CC2C is stylish, slick and full of fun.
Chandi Chowk is fun but somewhat exhausting, with several elaborate production numbers, a bullet-proof umbrella that also serves as a parachute, a magical potato -- plus a running time just over 2 1/2 hours, which is short by Bollywood standards.
After a while the film chills out just enough, getting by on the sheer force of its grandeur and good humor.
To appreciate this scenic spectacle requires a leap of faith that will test even die-hard Bollywood fans.
Children and undiscriminating adults may enjoy the flurry of eye-catching activities that storm incessantly across the screen for its 2 1/2 hours, but the reigning stupidity of the enterprise is liable to tire anyone else in attendance.
If you can get into the frenetic rhythm of the thing, it has its charms.
Long story short: There was plenty that I liked about Chandni. But I also couldn't wait for it to end.
The first-ever Bollywood kung fu comedy qualifies as deliriously and endearingly bizarre.
This Indian/Chinese cinematic hybrid is likable and entertaining but overlong and occasionally hokey.
The movie's ostensible distinction is its coupling of Bollywood and kung fu, but it's really a self-realization course dressed up as kinetic comedy.
So, here's the deal. Don't send us any more Chandni Chowk movies, and we won't send you anything with Adam Sandler.
Brimming with talent, technically masterful on many levels, this overwrought Bollywood/martial-arts caper should please fans of both genres ready to be happily assaulted for two-and-a-half hours.
If only it were as much fun as its trailer!
It's a kung fu action comedy played out to a Bollywood beat.
Chandni Chowk to China seamlessly adds kung fu to the usual blend of comedy, dance and melodrama.
This is a pretty entertaining work for the most part despite its unevenness and for those who have never experienced an authentic Bollywood film before, it will serve as a perfectly good introduction to that style of filmmaking.
Spectacular stunts and special effects cannot save this fusion of Indian and Chinese culture from coming across as a movie with little originality or wit.
Chandni Chowk to China supposedly is the 'the first-ever Bollywood kung-fu comedy,' which makes me pray fervently that it will also be the last.
Chandni Chowk to China has something to offer every discerning film taste. And that's its major shortcoming.
Crass, schizophrenic, culturally insensitive, horribly paced, and shameless in its pandering to the lowest common denominator.
If Slumdog Millionaire's success has Hollywood thinking American audiences are ready for the authentic Indian movie experience, Chandni Chowk to China could quickly put the kibosh on that notion.
Less a Bollywood bonbon than a pan-Asian fusion dish, this combination of Indian musical and Chinese chopsocky is, nonetheless, delicious fun.
It will appeal to the large Indian audiences in North America and to Bollywood fans in general, who will come out wondering why this movie, of all movies, was chosen as Hollywood's first foray into commercial Indian cinema.
A deafening, slapstick-drenched, exaggerated bit of hokum, Chandni is an endurance test for the Bollywood uninitiated: a curry-flavored Three Stooges comedy via The Shaw Brothers playbook.
There simply isn't enough Indian spice to make this ancient Chinese recipe fresh.
Chandni Chowk to China is the first Bollywood movie to be released in the U.S. in the wake of the Bollywood-inflected Slumdog Millionaire. Let's hope it's not the last.
There's Hollywood and Bollywood, but Chandni Chowk to China respresents something new--Follywood.
Like the cinematic equivalent of someone appearing on Mr. Blackwell's Ten Worst-Dressed list, the movie is a garish mix of conflicting styles and genres, cross-pollinating overproduced musical numbers, cheesy melodrama, and kung-fu.
Shapeless, shameless, and slapdash.







@highlight

A thin plot is disguised by high octane dancing and action in this Bollywood crossover comedy.