The new Bridget is bigger, brasher, and nowhere near the kind of thirtysomething girl we singletons and former singletons can relate to.
What I can't stand about this film is the way it talks down to its audience.
This film is so appalling that I don't quite know where to begin.
Repeat of first film lacks charm. Not for kids.
There's a big empty space where the heart of this movie should be.
Frankly, I feel like a lot of the intangible 'heart' of the first movie is replaced here with an ongoing conversation about sex.
An over the top, ham-fisted replay of the original.
Director Beeban Kidron spends most of her time re-working the original movie's formulas.
Es casi imposible negar que se quedó muy por debajo de las expectativas.
Se você ouvir alguém dizendo que se identificou com Bridget Jones, meu conselho é: rompa a amizade. Você não vai querer perder seu tempo com alguém assim.
A little Bridget unfortunately goes a long way.
"An unnecessary sequel."
The filmmakers would have been better served letting its predecessor exist undisturbed in the pop culture lexicon...
Bridget is back, but the question is why?
The outrageous character Renee Zellweger has crafted is so dynamic and funny she's able to hold the sequel together.
Instead of laughing with Bridget, The Edge of Reason laughs at her.
If Bridget Jones - a character incapable of learning from her mistakes - is a feminist role model, the movement's in for a setback.
...a desperate and disjointed farcical venture that feels terribly strained. There's no declarative spark or soulful snap to this dull romantic comedy
Oscar winner Jim Broadbent turns up long enough to say, "I wish I was dead."
Bridget Jones: The Edge of Reason is not as good as the original - the Thai prison sequence makes certain of that - but it still works.
Although it is not quite as funny or believable as the first movie, the lovable Ms. Jones just squeaks by on her own (and her returning co-stars') charisma.
If this is what happens to Bridget after finding true love, she-and her movie-would have been better off as a single.
The latest installment of the life of Bridget Jones is tired and sloppy.
A sequel that should have been buried six feet under.
the sequel gives us a heroine who acts like an idiot and then whines about the lack of men in her life.
A little too much like the movie version of a 'greatest hits' package -- only with the originals replaced by engaging but uninspired cover versions of all the songs.
Follow this fun from the streets of London to the slopes of the Alps and the shores of Thailand. Bridget will amaze and amuse you.
The sequel has about as much emotional depth as a sitcom, only without even the latter's meager laughs.
It's testament to Zellweger's likeability and skill that the film is still enjoyable, but it lacks the element of surprise.
[Zellweger's] never allowed to be quite as human, quite as pained. She's only allowed to be ridiculous.
Only the sublimely snakey Grant emerges unscathed
She already had her happy ending. Why should we suffer with her again only to enjoy the same victory?
It's only more of the same but without the spark of originality of Bridget Jones's Diary.
This isn't a very good script. But Renee Zellweger is so charming, and so FUNNY, she makes the movie a joy.
Use the money to go upgrade your original Bridget Jones DVD to the new swanky collector's edition (pick me up one, will you?) and save your money on this movie.
The humiliation of Bridget Jones is done so many times that it's not funny and it's not clever and it's not interesting.
...le fric aussi a ses raisons que l'Âge de raison n'ignore pas.
The best thing about Bridget Jones's Diary was the chemistry between the movie's three stars... The same can be said for the sequel.
Director Beeban Kidron and her cadre of writers have almost completely betrayed the character and everything that made her real and resonant.
Dear Renée: We like your work. But if you put on forty pounds to recreate the moronic character of Bridget Jones one more time, we're going to take it personally.
With the exception of Zellweger, it's a film that has assembled its cast only for continuity of facial recognition and nothing so important as story, characters or emotion.
It may be worth a matinee for a gaggle of girlfriends, but guys should stay away and Helen Fielding, who created the character, should be ashaimed of herself.
Audiences will fall in love with Bridget Jones and Zellweger all over again.
If this were the first film in the series rather than the second, there wouldn't be a second.
I hope the cast - especially Zellweger who apparently has lost and gained more weight in the last three years than Oprah - was well paid, for artistic merit certainly couldn't have been the criteria for taking this one on.
As the British might say, it's bloody awful.
The edge of reason is clearly broached when Renee Zellweger's character starts teaching Thai prison inmates the words to Madonna's "Like a Virgin."
... the cinematic equivalent of leftovers. Even when you liked the meal the first time, the very same dish -- reheated for a second repast -- somehow doesn't seem as tasty.
She conveniently doesn't remember that it's a bad idea to agree to carry fertility statuettes for men just met while traveling
[I]t neither advances our understanding of the characters from the first film, nor does it make you especially eager to see a third entry in the series.
Despite the engaging core players, Bridget's second diary goes over the edge, leaving little reason for a third installment.
The talented cast give the flabby script some much-needed muscle.
The sight of Colin Firth running through a meadow in slow motion is worth the price of admission.
Unfortunately, Zellweger and Firth don't ignite many sparks, and Bridget's neuroses, rather than endearing her to us, can be off-putting.
So clumsy and crass that it makes you doubt the pleasure of the first movie.
It's a pleasing enough romp, and if you're starved for romantic comedy (where have they all gone?) this will ease your hunger pangs.
She's degenerated into a clingy, obsessive, lumpen caricature of her former sparkling self, so witless and galling that Lucy Ricardo seems a steady, self-confident font of common sense by comparison.
Turns the character of Bridget Jones into someone the audience hardly recognizes.
Bridget's is a world of upper middle-class Teflon-coated narcissism, the kind that effectively seals out any concerns other than her own, and those concerns tend to run the gamut from weight to men and back again.
There's a flatness in the writing, a slapdash feel to the directing and an over-reliance on what worked the first time.
A Thai women's prison may be the least appropriate setting for light comedy since Hogan's Heroes.
It's the sequel to one of the best films of 2001 that quickly reveals itself as one of the big disappointments of 2004.
The film is a narrative mess, a cut-and-paste job of random ideas and pointless incidents that are barely related to each other, but this messiness is very much in keeping with the scattered personality of Bridget.
It takes star talent to turn sequel hash into, if not a steak, a fairly tasty burger.
Firth and Grant seem a bit less confident in their respective encores; perhaps they sense that they're repeating themselves.
This is one diary you can skim without missing anything juicy.
It's lazy, charmless, dramatically pointless -- the film's only reason for being is financial, and in every scene, you can detect the silent scream of 'contractual obligation' from the film's exasperated stars.
Zellweger just shines in this role.
Bridget Jones: The Edge of Reason is an amiable enough sequel to Bridget Jones's Diary, but it also puts an exclamation point on the first film's biggest problem: Bridget Jones and Mark Darcy are a really boring couple.
Bridget Jones: The Edge of Reason should satisfy fans because of Zellweger's uninhibited performance, but hardly anybody is going to be demanding a third helping.
I can't remember many sequels as redundant and unnecessary as this one.
Rather than deal with the complications of romantic bliss, though, the makers of this sequel have decided to ignore the question entirely and basically remake the original movie.
Whether waddling in an awesomely inappropriate dress or putting herself through slapstick pratfalls, Zellweger gains our sympathy and love.
Zellweger is cruelly photographed and seems to have lost most of her ability with an English accent between the first movie and this one.
That this new film isn't quite so adorable as the first hardly matters, Bridgetwise, as the whole point of both movies is to allow everyone to revel in Zellweger's assumed-zaftig pantomime.
Her character, a self-deprecating blend of accidental insight and unapologetic girlish emotion, has gone from idiosyncratic to flat-out idiotic.
It's silly, a little same-y, but that snarky British humor peeks through at all the right moments for genuine laughs.
Keeps its head above water because of the sheer star charisma of Zellweger, Grant and Firth.
With her volume knob cranked up to 11 and her cups overflowing with weight gain, Zellweger is often more annoying than adorable.
Don't worry, it turns out Thai women's prisons are pretty fun places to hang out, and all the girls just dance around singing Madonna songs and share boyfriend stories.
For truth-in-advertising purposes, the second Bridget Jones film probably should have been subtitled 'No Reason for It, Except to Cash in On the Success of the First Movie.'
Stale and indigestible.
Uma Thurman and Nicole Kidman might have suffered more thoroughly in recent movies, but no one suffers more thanklessly than Zellweger does here.
Bridget Jones: The Edge of Reason is a jolly movie and I smiled pretty much all the way through, but it doesn't shift into high with a solid thunk the way Bridget Jones' Diary (2001) did.
Even though it was enjoyable, there are big holes in it; there's absolutely nothing that would lead anyone to believe that Bridget and Mark have anything in common.
Bridget Jones has lost her voice. ...The sequel lacks the character's sardonic and distinctly English commentary.
Bridget may not have you on the edge of your seat but there are moments you might be under it - laughing.
While no film that includes Zellweger, Grant and Firth in its cast could be a complete waste of time, 'Reason' wanders dangerously close to the edge of tedium.
It goes for many more cheap laughs than its predecessor, but it gets them pretty consistently and a few instances result in big, hearty belly laughs.
Not only does it rehash the original's elements, its story is one of the most unimaginative I've seen.
Renee Zellweger returns for a been-there, done-that sequel that's content to be more of the same.
Ultimately The Edge of Reason succeeds as a watered-down version of the first film.
[N]othing but a celebration of women-as-morons, aren't-they-cute?...
Much like Bridget's beloved cigarettes, Edge of Reason isn't terribly good for you, but it's pretty delightful while it lasts.
In other words, this is pretty much the same movie as the first, but both the heroine and her story have lost a good deal of their charm.
It's all enough to make me wish somebody would cue up an Aretha Frankin song and make a joke about Bridget's big underpants. Oh, wait...there they both are. Again.
Several of the movie's farcical moments feel forced and strained.
Renee Zellweger is as annoying as she's pudgy in this one.
Why, in other words, should we care about this woman, when the filmmakers obviously do not?
We know she's ridiculous. She knows she's ridiculous. It's just too bad she can't wear it more proudly.
Are women really as shallow as [this film] would have us believe?
Fielding, along with co-writers Andrew Davies, Richard Curtis and Adam Brooks, has turned what I can only believe were Bridget's charmingly human imperfections on the page into a lump of schoolgirl-style boy-craziness and corrosive self-loathing.
While the Bridget of the 2001 original was a vaguely identifiable human being with very real problems, the new Bridget has become a gross caricature of her former self: a goofball who stumbles around the set like all Three Stooges rolled into one.
Bridget Jones: The Edge of Reason is amusing but never groundbreaking.
The sequel to Bridget Jones's Diary makes the first movie look like a masterpiece.
In an opening scene, Bridget, a London television reporter, sky-dives right into a pig pen. That pretty much sums up the film's attitude toward its heroine.
Zellweger once again manages to exude both grace and gravity while baring a self-doubting woman's body and soul -- `wobbly bits,' as Bridget would say, and all.
Since she doesn't like herself, why should we? In the end, it is unclear just what her boyfriend played by Colin Firth, temptation played by Hugh Grant and a third party who shall be left nameless see in her in the first place.
It is, I'm afraid, time to retire Bridget Jones. Send her off to Happily-Ever-After Land with her vodka and Silk Cuts and handsome human-rights lawyer and let her get on with her amiable, dizzy, neurotic and now thoroughly annoying life.
Philosophers say that those who can't remember the past are doomed to repeat it. If you remember Bridget Jones's Diary fondly, spare yourself this one.
Novelist Helen Fielding created a lovable, klutzy, endearing character in Bridget Jones, and Zellweger, diving into the role with gusto, is an ideal match for her.
Cute, cloying and catastrophically predictable.
Misbegotten comedy sequels have a way of resembling souring relationships. All those adorable idiosyncrasies that initially melted your heart can curdle into the very irritating habits that send you packing.
We're left with a protagonist repeatedly shooting herself in the foot for no halfway sympathetic reason.
Another small jewel in the crown of unabashedly commercial, cheerfully middlebrow, eminently exportable British fluff.
News flash: Love ain't easy.
The movie catches occasional fire when Bridget suddenly says what's really on her mind. The rest is silliness.
Has a single saving grace -- Grant in a small role as a salacious reporter.
It's essentially TV for the big screen, but shot well, paced well, directed well, and nailed by Zellweger.
One sequel where a pressing need to find out what happened to the protagonist is absent, replaced by an attempt to cash in on the financial success of the first picture.
Bridget Jones: The Edge of Reason has its problems, but it made me laugh from start to finish, so how bad could it be?
If there's a silver-lining to any of this, maybe the film could become a bestselling educational DVD, under the title, 'Mistakes to Avoid While Making a Sequel.'
The entire original cast is back this time around... the original plot is back, too.
Something for the ignorant boors with the Y chromosome, something for the ignorant boors without it.
Edgier than its predecessor, with zippier quips and more irreverence.
Zellweger enchants but the follow-up lacks charm.
The modest charms of Bridget Jones: The Edge of Reason are a triumph of performance, production, and adaptation over the empty-calorie dither of its source material.
On those rare occasions when The Edge of Reason isn't regurgitating material from Bridget Jones' Diary, it is taking ill-advised excursions into unfunny slapstick and sappy melodrama.
The laziest sort of sequel, lifting episodes wholesale from the first film before spinning off in directions that don't even begin to make sense.
The delightful first picture celebrated Bridget's imperfections. This smug, slapped-together sequel mocks them for cheap laughs.
All this unaccountable admiration is bestowed upon the ne plus ultra of the regressive rom-com heroine, a thirtysomething who displays the rudimentary motor functions, raging id, and darling pucker of a cuddly infant.
The 'singleton' Everygal neuroses of its titular British sweetheart have gone from endearing to downright insufferable.
As good, if not better, than its predecessor. An absolute ripper. You'll laugh till the cows come home.
Clearly, director Beeban Kidron and his four credited writers think comedy is derived from a heaping up of embarrassments.
Though the script tries to replicate the first film's heart-tugging moments, there's a lack of a big emotional arc to tie the episodic structure together. However, on a performance level, the movie is practically flawless.
The filmmakers seem to have missed the point of the first film's success completely, concentrating on all the unlikeable elements.
There are some true moments of revelation, but they're neither substantial enough nor inspired enough to touch the original.
In the strain to explore new territory, the film pushes into areas that that don't fit comfortably into the lightly comic world of Bridget Jones.
If you liked the original, you'll like this one, only not quite as much.
Edge of Reason is less a film than a series of non-stop embarrassments set to a sunny soundtrack.
















@highlight

Edge of Reason is a predictable continuation to the Bridget Jones story, with too much slapstick and silliness.