It is not the blockbuster the (Coen) brothers hanker after, and it is not going to be a critical success, but, for me, it is the best comedy they have managed.
Some wicked pleasures for mature teens and adults.
Hanks is looser and funnier than he has been in quite some time.
The Ladykillers is small and compact -- it doesn't kill, it's just a doodle -- but it's a very pleasant cartoon for grown-ups. It's some sweet fodder.
Despite cartoonish characters, over-the-top hijinks, and occasional lapses of bad taste, any movie that leaves you laughing up the aisle, has to remain well-recommended.
The story, adapted by the Coens themselves, is reduced to a series of hoops the characters must jump through to prove just how strange they are.
While being far from the Coens' finest hour, it remains more intelligent and ambitious than most of what currently passes for Hollywood mainstream comedy.
Good but not great, The Ladykillers is simple, somewhat funny and 'nothing more.'
The picture ranks with the brothers' best mid level output.
A lukewarm live-action Loony Tunes cartoon.
Here's hoping their next project aims a little bit higher.
The Coen Brothers remake of The Ladykillers is a half-baked mess.
... second-tier Coen brothers ... technically excellent and never less than entertaining, it doesn't arrest and stun the way Miller's Crossing or Fargo or Raising Arizona did.
That sophisticated stride that made [the Coen Brothers'] first run of films so remarkable has here degenerated into a sophomoric stumble.
Increasingly, the Coens seem more intent on amusing themselves than the audience. And while they deliver some laughs, it feels like a smug exercise in showing off everything but heart.
This is one of the best-cast films I've seen in a long time.
The Ladykillers contains several gross errors of judgment that must have given the Coens at least some degree of hesitation at some point in the filmmaking process.
Exciting and perplexing at once.
It's both lowdown and effete, a jamboree of whoopee jokes and sick wit.
Everybody in and around this movie is trying too hard.
The Coens have found their stride again.
The film offers several big laughs, some of which are so outrageous, audiences will likely be talking about them after the show.
Enjoyable Coen caper, enlivened by a strong comic performance by Tom Hanks.
Even a less-than-spec Coen movie is a good deal better than the aimless, guileless pap cranked out by mere mortals.
It is neither terrible nor terrific, just... unnecessary.
Si buscan cine de culto esta definitivamente no es la opción, pero no por ello deja de ser divertida en momentos.
...easily my least favorite Hanks performance.
'Frankly, this doesn't have that Coen magic.'
Hanks is a beautiful vintage cartoon of a southern dandy, planted amidst modern Mississipean miscreants of all shades. Hall is a treasure.
It might get a little indiscernible at times, but the laughs and guffaws are there, and there's nobody like the Coens working today who can balance such a peculiar picture so impeccably.
The Coens appropriate their caricatures to serve a greater payoff: The Ladykillers is devised as a morally corrupt treatment of moral corruption.
The Coens play gleefully with death--accidental, deliberate, fatalistic--while catching us off-guard with startlingly funny touches when we least expect them.
...a bit hit and miss as far as the Coens are concerned, but I daresay Hanks has never been so delicious.
The Ladykillers just feels indulgent, without imparting any notion of whom it might be indulging. Everyone in it looks as though they're punching a timecard.
... The Coen Brothers have crafted what may be their funniest film.
It is worth watching just to see Hanks chewing into a juicy, throwaway comic role.
[Feels] like Hollywood execs are trying to get the Coen brothers to cash in on formulas that have proven profitable rather than letting them play.
The Coens have once again crafted a magical look at the Deep South.
[Directors Joel and Ethan Coen] aren’t for everyone, but those who like their offbeat material will discover a new gem here.
The talented but increasingly eccentric Coen Brothers always walk a tightrope between the brilliantly offbeat and movies that are swallowed up by their idiosyncratic mindset
...nowhere near the Coens' funniest or most distinctive or even most endearing work.
The Coen Brothers try their hand at remaking one of the best of the 1950s Alec Guinness comedies. A version that has little to offer anyone who has seen the original.
With a mix of Poe, rap, and gospel, the Coens and Hanks create a fascinating portrait of the modern, Gothic South.
It is certainly curious to contemplate how the combination of the genius, subversive Coen brothers with the talent of the world's biggest movie star could produce a film that feels so thoroughly robbed of its best treasures.
Skimming the surface of its subjects, The Ladykillers is really little more than an acting showcase for its ensemble.
a sharp, funny, smart comedy that draws its humor from hysterical situations, visual jokes and wonderful characters
...a flat and flimsy escapade of a shapeless farce...has all the fizzle of warm root beer in a dirty mug...meager and baseless
The humorous linchpin in the movie rests on a running (so to speak) gag about irritable bowel syndrome. The Coens need to do better than that, but they don't.
Each of the characters is occasionally laugh-out-loud funny, and if you can go into this comedy with low expectations, you may emerge refreshed. Considering what this movie might have been, though, makes me long for the old Coen Brothers magic.
I can think of no good reason to recommend that you buy a ticket to see the Coen brothers remake of The Ladykillers. Unless, of course, you're feeling charitable.
When the Coen brothers are capable of making brilliant stuff like Fargo, should they really be spending their time making pictures like The Ladykillers?
I like the movie, but with the top-notch acting, cinematography and dialogue it has, I should have loved it.
There's a hint of the usual Coen genius here...but only a hint.
The Coens' take on this material is a happy blend of respecting the original and leapfrogging from it with their own inimitable creativity.
The kind of conspiratorial comedy that makes us feel we're privy to an inside joke.
The film is a solid remake and full of new surprises - although not quite the must-see film I'd hoped for.
Pure Coen, endlessly stylized and full of gloriously overwritten dialogue, heartily delivered by an inspired ensemble cast.
... a mean, nasty, mostly laughless 104 minutes spent in dogged pursuit of an ironic cause that's as subtle as a falling gargoyle's head.
There's the mind-numbing oompah rhythm of every gag telegraphed and every joke pounded into the ground.
The juxtaposition of southern Gothic touches, rap and the professor's effete Svengali vibe is ineffectual.
The Ladykillers might improve when it becomes an in-flight movie. With its unnecessary foul language deleted, it wouldn't fall so short of its potential.
Most of this stuff isn't worthy of the Farrelly brothers, let alone the Coen brothers.
Uninvolving and tedious rendition of the 1955 British classic, film is too slow at the gate with longwinded speeches bogging down the momentum.
A mirthful and twisted meditation on crime that's reminiscent in theme to the Coen's Fargo and Blood Simple.
Moviegoers haven't seen Tom Hanks this funny since 'Forrest Gump.'
The fun outweighs the leaden cartoonishness, but not by a lot
It's the Coens being flashy instead of truly funny, and much of the problem stems from Hanks' bizarrely over-the-top performance.
There are a number of enormous, laugh-out-loud moments throughout, enough to mark it as one of the better comedies in recent memory.
To paraphrase Prof. Dorr: "Mene, Mene, Tekel, Upharsin" - it has been weighed in the balance and found wanting. But the gospel soundtrack is a keeper.
A bit of a miracle -- a remake that also is a complete original.
Fits snugly among the Coens' lighter and breezier movies -- the ones you forget after you see them once and begin to appreciate and finally adore the more often you revisit them.
It is a lively, pitch black comedy with blood so dark it could be mistaken for liquid coal.
The remake -- which could have been shot anywhere and probably was filmed on a studio back lot -- has almost nothing coherent to say about Mississippi, though it does recycle a few cliches.
Structured like a Mad magazine parody where there's a promised joke in each frame. It doesn't add up to a movie.
I think you'll find it had some physical comedy that worked and some Coen brothers shticks and caricatures drawn that were zany enough to amuse in spurts.
... [this] update seems bloated and sluggish, packed with outlandish, arbitrarily exaggerated detail. To borrow one of Prof. Dorr's favorite adjectives, it's rococo.
Now why it is the wont of would-be criminal masterminds in things like this to employ morons? Sheesh!
Leave it to the Coen Brothers to do a remake of yet another heist movie that is actually worth your time. One of the funniest films I've seen in years.
Most of the gags are repeated from old time sources, and they're repeated over and over again.
Should give just about everyone who sees it a few laughs. But it will appeal most strongly to viewers who think Tom Hanks, who plays a thief and a potential murderer, can do no wrong.
Although The Ladykillers is a skillfully executed caper movie, the fun lies not in its mechanics but in its characterizations, especially Hanks's and Hall's, and especially when they're together.
Those seeking a quirky and clever comedy should hightail it to The Ladykillers forthwith.
A leaden, tone-deaf remake.
Not quite top-drawer Coen Bros., but good enough to make you wish it were, The Ladykillers is a case of being grateful for small pleasures.
Playing is the operative word since the visual whimsy gets equal billing with a mordant wit that's too much fun to be easily summed up as mere black comedy.
This is the clumsiest, crudest and most pandering of all [the Coen brothers'] films.
Never settles into an assured rhythm, and instead the actors always seem to be pushing, putting the hard sell on an audience that, however distracted by the strenuousness of the sales pitch, still isn't buying.
You can enjoy the Coen-ucopia of doodles.
You may go into this film to see Hanks back in top comic form, but I guarantee you will walk out raving about Irma P. Hall and Pickles.
Tom Hanks and the Coen brothers revisit "The Ladykillers"... you'll either love it or hate it... I'm in the first category.
Hanks delivers a gem of pure comic inspiration.
One of those Coen brothers comedies wherein their elaborate vision takes on a weight that seems to prevent comic liftoff.
One of the most bizarre performances of Tom Hanks' long and illustrious career.
The Coens have taken what's timeless about the 1955 movie, rolled it around in their endlessly inventive comic minds and made it distinctly, and riotously, their own.
With its riotous blowhards, visual gags, inventive camera work and florid language played for laughs, Ladykillers slays.
Suddenly the Coen Brothers, of all people, seem to be playing it safe.
It has all the elements of a classic Coen comedy - the more times you see it the funnier it becomes.
Worth sticking with for Hanks' and Hall's superlative acting -- and a rollicking gospel score assembled by T. Bone Burnett.
[The Coen brothers have] made a broad comedy out of a black comedy and completely lost its charm in the process.
As wonderful as it is wicked.
Always wildly signaling for us to notice it. Not content to be funny, it wants to be FUNNY! Have you ever noticed that the more a comedian wears funny hats, the less funny he is?
If you set your expectations low enough there are real laughs to be had, but coming to the Coens with low expectations somehow just feels wrong.
Those carpetbagger auteurs, the Coen Brothers, have descended again on Dixie and brought back a heapin' helpin' of Southern caricature and racial condescension...
like Hanks' verbose professor, the Coens continue to justify some of the simplest ideas through heaps of complexity.
The Ladykillers is the first comedy of the year that isn't playing down to the teen market.
The Ladykillers may not rank among the Coens' most excellent films, but I bet it still ends up as one of this year's best comedies.
Such a slight effort compared to the original Ladykillers and past Coen works.
The Ladykillers is filled with laughs, great characters and a twisted, black tale that stands the test of time 50 years after it was first conceived.
The Coens have been better, yes, but that doesn't make The Ladykillers any less entertaining.
[A] cheerfully weird concoction...
A comedic tidal wave that gains momentum and mass as it goes along, engulfing contrived story twists and thin characters in an all-out rush.
Pious, earnest, and broadly drawn, Marva is the first black character in a Coen brothers movie to occupy center stage. For a minute, anyway.
...watching [the Coens'] version of The Ladykillers really made me want to see the original again
O Coen brothers, where art thou? Where is your deft touch, your perfect balance between the affected and the authentic?
While the portrayal is an unabashed caricature, Hanks has paradoxically never seemed so at ease in a role ruled by dialect. It's a performance to savor.
For those who share my taste in comedy, this is a must-not-miss.
a miscalculation from start to finish... it just lays there on the screen, flailing sadly and futilely, like a fly trapped in a pool of molasses.
It features a turn from the great Tom Hanks that is so thoroughly unlike anything he has ever done ... that it makes the movie required viewing.
Hanks hasn't cut loose in a comedy like this in years.
For all its idiosyncratic thrusts and jabs, the movie never takes off.
Probably the Coens' best since O Brother. It's certainly their most consistently entertaining film since then.
Hanks appears to be having the time of his life.
Expertly crafted nonsense from an unmistakable source.
Tom Hanks and the Coen brothers team up for a remake that's so much less than the sum of the parts.
Buy the soundtrack now, rent the movie later -- this is minor Coen in a major key.
Hanks comes through with a cheerfully ridiculous bit of scenery-chewing that is quite funny.
Hanks masters the wordy dialogue, and coconspirator Marlon Wayans has several memorable moments, but the cast focuses too much on characteristic mannerisms, which diminish the story.
A cute but insubstantial exercise in stylish silliness that will likely be quickly forgotten.
The Coen Bros. [are] in fine form stylistically ... There's something about the way their work is so polished that it forces one to smile.
It's on par with The Big Lebowski and O Brother Where Art Thou and in many ways surpasses both of them in laugh terms alone.
Instead of feeling cleverly obtuse, the movie ... seems desperately wacky.
Infectious gospel music gets the film in gear again as its droopy pacing and shortage of wit threaten to drag it down to irremediable sluggishness.
The Coens still have enough tricks up their sleeves for a worthwhile outing.
...good fun watching a great actor have the time of his life.
Grounded in caricature and played for loud, unmodulated laughs, the film suffers from the same problems that affected the Coens' other big dud, The Hudsucker Proxy -- namely, little fun and no heartbeat.
The chemistry between Hanks and Hall is the strongest element of the movie. Both are lavishly ornamented characters -- caricatures, really, but not in an off-putting way -- who play marvelously off each other.
In Hanks' ornately, bizarrely funny performance, Dorr is one of the great Coen brothers-created characters, and if the movie he's in isn't as good, it often doesn't matter.
Lacks the subtleties of the 1955 British version but still imaginative with a solid role for Tom Hanks.
It's insulting when such savvy filmmakers expect us to laugh automatically at four-letter words, bathroom humor, and caricatures as crude as they are unoriginal.
The film gets funny reflex laughs as well as a few of the unexpected guffaws that are the Coens' trademark. So go -- but with lowered expectations.
Irritating when it should be amusing, dumb when it should be zany, flat when it should be snappy.
When the Coens are at their most creative ... their movies skip nonchalantly over genre lines and become uniquely their own. The Ladykillers is not one of those.
Hanks traded on his common-man status to reach stardom, but this is the most uncommon acting he's done: He gets deep inside the mind of an eccentric none of us would ever meet in real life and makes us believe in him.
The Coen brothers seem to have relocated to a ZIP code where blander movies are made.
As a Coen brothers movie competing with their own masterpieces, The Ladykillers can only be considered a near-miss.
Already as dark as London soot, the comedy hardly needed work to bring it in line with the Coen brothers' sensibility, but the remake moves to a beat of its own, one unexpectedly in sync with the gospel music dominating its soundtrack.
Only partially satisfying, wait to rent it.
Tom Hanks seizes the chance to play a comic villain with almost indecent vaudevillian glee in this uneven, prankish caper comedy by Joel and Ethan Coen.
You'll have to watch the original film to see it done right.
I'm not sure whether it's been so long since Hanks has done comedy that he just seems fantastically funny or whether he really is. But he's clearly enjoying himself, and so are we.
The movie is anything but concise, and Hanks is only fascinating because you can't quite believe he's doing what he's doing.
[Hanks] conjures up Dorr as a Poe-obsessed Mark Twain as possessed by Frasier Crane.
Hanks is, as usual, on the top of his game.
They may miss the primary point (and joke) of the original, and they tone down their usual corkscrew dialogue and mordant humor, but they still provide some wicked pleasures.
Bludgeons you with cartoonish gags about stupid football players, irritable-bowel syndrome and (for the second Coen film in a row) somebody accidentally shooting himself in the head.
Though there are moments of genuine humor ... they feel hollow without any depth to the characters who populate them.
[Hanks] lends the movie the full, devious force of his bristly spirit.
Wears out its welcome early as an interminably long comedy with a mannered and unfunny performance by Tom Hanks as the leader of a bumbling gang of thieves.
Another offbeat Coen gem, gleaming with verbal and pictorial style, exploding with wit and slapstick.
Hey, guys, let's go back to independent movies.
If you like your comedies dizzying, smart, silly and Coen country-fried, then The Ladykillers is an absolute must-see!
The Ladykillers is funny. Or, as Goldthwait Higginson Dorr would say it, it's an exorbitantly capricious motion picture presentation that has a lithe, whimsical air.
An interesting collection of character work, ultimately The Ladykillers is a disappointment.
Hanks has never been better than he is here, as a Colonel Sanders with fake teeth who constantly uses 40 words when two or three would do just fine.
One's ability to enjoy The Ladykillers is directly proportionate to one's willingness to accept the incredibly broad performances.
A Fargo without that crucial, defining final speech about the beauty of a new day dawning.
In the end, this is a disappointing Coen bros movie.
Has a good chance at being the year's funniest film--and the only one with an English Bulldog wearing a gas mask. Tom Hanks gives the funniest performance of his career.
Smug comedy.
[It] isn't just a misfire, it's an annoying misfire, irksome, tedious, and on the whole, unnecessary.
'The Ladykillers in Big Momma's House'...a film that, despite some inspired moments, is alternately arch and crude.
Imperfections aside, "Ladykillers" is still a great deal of fun: excellent costuming, sweet cinematography, strong direction, and wonderfully crisp quirky dialogue.
Only lip service is paid to the heist, as the Coen Brothers are far more interested in milking the foibles and idiosyncrasies of their cast of lowbrow clowns.
I've been waiting a long time for Tom Hanks to return to comedy. It looks like I'm going to keep on waiting.
A reach for artistic merit gets lost on the way to strained exaggeration.
A productive failure that's silly rather than sophisticated. We're engaged by its oddities, but never really entertained.
Clever? Sometimes. Funny? No.
Joel and Ethan Coen's disappointing The Ladykillers is too trifling to be taken seriously, and too routine to inspire hilarity.
The Coens' remake of a comedy classic flounders amid extreme caricatures and stained humor.
Hanks' first comic performance in more than a decade (and one of the best performances of his career).











@highlight

Hanks' performance in the lead role is inspired, but this is a relatively minor offering from the Coen brothers.