Excellent vocal performances and impeccable 3-D CG animation... [Full review in Spanish]
Sentimentality is unavoidable as this rollicking adventure comes to an end, but it doesn't force-feed a Christmas message.
It may look like a holiday trifle, but it's still a sleigh ride worth taking.
Don't go expecting a sequel, but do go expecting all the unforced festive spirit you could hope for.
Parents may shed a nostalgic tear or two, while their children can enjoy spotting all the witty visual details.
Aimed squarely at children, but painless to keep grown-ups from checking their watches.
It's disarming, imaginative and genuinely funny.
The script (co-written by debut feature director Sarah Smith) is fortified with meaning and smarts and plays well for both children and adults.
Arthur Christmas makes a welcome addition to the holiday movie line-up, because it's a movie that one can watch repeatedly without it becoming as stale as last year's fruitcake.
The comedy works. But there's not much to the characters that proves memorable. It's not a bad movie, but...
An utterly charming Christmas yarn which seems destined to become a holiday staple thanks to its wonderfully detailed animation, abundance of gags and brilliantly drawn characters.
Without a loaded cast, or recognizable character name or brand, Arthur Christmas might be overlooked by audiences. Here's hoping that won't be the case. Some Christmas gifts are worth the extra effort.
It occasionally toes the line of manic hyperactivity, but never becomes shrill or too cloyingly sentimental -- or rife with lazy bodily function humor -- as some overeager family fare can be.
What results has its moments of wily inspiration.
This witty, handsomely appointed 3-D animated feature is the most delightful Santa biopic since Edmund Gwenn donned the fat suit.
The movie runs a bit long and would benefit from fewer pit stops, but the gags are quick and often sharp.
Arthur is at its best during a world tour that takes McAvoy, his granddad and their sleigh from Toronto to the Serengeti. But often it seems familiar.
It's a delightfully funny Christmas tale with plenty of jokes for young and old alike.
A film that kids and grown-ups can enjoy in equal measure.
This animated feature from Aardman and Sony Pictures Animation is a feel-good family film with spunk and originality, the kind that has not been seen since the first of The Santa Clause franchise.
Bah humbug!
A new Christmas classic.
The Aardman animators know a thing or three about sight gags and throw-away lines, and they pile up quickly, here.
Arthur Christmas will snuggle you up into a big, hearty festive cuddle and refuse to put you down until you've hugged it back.
There are moments of charm and it is a sweet story which kids might find entertaining enough, but chances are they will become just as restless as my crowd as the film stretches on.
Arthur Christmas is a smart, funny, heartwarming story that will have you smile from ear-to-ear for the film's duration.
The settings, especially on the North Pole, are deliciously intricate and the characters understatedly quirky.
Original and inspired, this joyful animated frolic is seriously entertaining, audiences of all ages sure to eat up its heartwarming Yule-tied message of family, resilience and togetherness that's as touching as it is wonderful.
The movie's idea that Santa and his elves have turned the distribution of presents every Dec. 24 into a major military operation makes me more than a tad uneasy.
A plucky, clever animated Xmas tale that has much of Aardman's attention to quirky detail (bulbous noses), wordplay, and unconventional heroes (Arthur's fuelled by worry).
In a season unexpectedly full of quality family films, Arthur Christmas may have to fight for the attention it deserves, but if there was ever an example of a film that's a crowd-pleaser without talking down to its audience, this is it.
oi pragmatika aksiologes xristoygenniatikes tainies spanizoyn ston 21o aiwna kai einai etsi sobares oi prooptikes na leei mia sobarh prospatheia tameiaka kalanta gia polla xronia sth synexeia
There are things you just wouldn't see in a Pixar or Disney movie. For example, one of the main elves has an eyebrow piercing, uncommented on. Even more than that: two of the boy elves kiss... each other. It's progressive.
A thoroughly entertaining movie that deserves to sleigh audiences both young and old this Yuletide.
Thank goodness that even the Santas have a mom to help them sort out their turmoils.
Quite brilliant.
A witty and beautifully designed animated film.
Arthur Christmas has charm and a breezy confidence that makes it the epitome of a simple pleasure.
Aardman films' yuletide offering is both a heartwarmer and a sly dig at the gospel of family togetherness.
Arthur may not be perfect, but he cares. The same can be said for the film. 'Arthur Christmas' is full of just enough holiday cheer.
It's as bright and twinkling as a Christmas tree, decked with warmth and humor.
It's busy but buoyant, and it honors the tradition of giving with wit and style.
The action is swift and witty, and the 3-D effects are imaginative and not simply tacked on as with so many animated movies these days.
Arthur Christmas manages to deliver some holiday cheer.
What is most surprising about Arthur Christmas is not that it is beautifully animated... but that it is, legitimately, one of 2011's funniest comedies.
A very pleasant -- if hardly overwhelmingly great -- animated Christmas fantasy with at least two inspired choices for voice casting.
A charming and inventive exploration of the mysterious workings of Santa, his sons and his elves. This animated tale is sure to be popular for Christmases to come.
There's some great stuff here... What's missing is the delightful Britishness of Nick Park's films.
A fairly inventive Christmas movie that might get lost in the current glut of family movies
The film does have a nice ending. It just takes a little too long to get there.
The holiday season is an emotional rollercoaster for many reasons and Arthur Christmas does a neat job of exploring many of them while still being both heart-warming and wonderfully entertaining
The best Christmas movies have a kind of humility about them that's lacking here ...
A scene in which zebras, elephants and other African animals float like balloons in the air after an accidental dusting of Santa's flying-reindeer magic is close to surreal poetry.
'Arthur Christmas' gets off to a terrific start by letting inquisitive viewers know how the guy in the red suit manages to get all those toys to two billion kids on a single evening.
Arthur Christmas an early holiday gift.
The under-10 audience I saw it with were entranced, and, remarkably enough by itself, so were their parents. Huzzah, Aardman!
Here's hoping this becomes another family Christmas classic deserves. A veddy British take on the "monarchy" of Santa, this is an inventive, sweet-natured adventure about the importance of delivering a gift to the one child who was missed by Santa.
...a disappointing Christmas movie that never quite comes together. There just isn't enough Christmas cheer.
The idea of a Santa with a non-American accent will probably irk the same stateside folks who bristle at the thought of a non-Caucasian Jesus, but the mostly British cast has been carefully selected.
Not a bad little Christmas fable. The Aardman Animation wit is in full-effect anytime Bill Nighy's great Grandsanta is onscreen.
This is Aardman and they know better than to go cheap or easy. And by taking the smarter, sweeter route, they've created what should rightfully become a Christmas classic.
It's just plain charming. And between you and me, I got misty at the end too.
The movie fails utterly at coming up with a story that merits all the eye candy.
The animators lure us in with clever jokes and ingenious visuals and then sucker-punch us by revealing the characters' surprising emotional depths.
Arthur Christmas does something few Christmas family movies have done over the last several years: it makes them fun again. Kids will love it and adults will feel like kids while watching it.
Arthur Christmas is more like gift-wrapped plane tickets rather than a hankies-and-undies combo.
For households where Santa pays a visit, this is a delightful addition to the holiday season.
An absolutely disastrous piece of work...
With a clever script that successfully updates many Christmas myths and dialogue that crackles with sophisticated wit, this movie offers the kind of pre-holiday experience that parents and children alike will appreciate.
Although it's somewhat disheartening to see one of the biggest advocates for stop motion trade in their clay for computers, there's no denying that Aardman's distinctive fingerprints are all over this one.
Everything you see in Arthur Christmas is fashioned in the service of telling a story ... brilliantly
It's rare for me to laugh out loud, repeatedly, during a movie these days, but 'Arthur Christmas' gave me that welcome opportunity. It is so ingenious, endearing, and downright funny that it instantly joins the ranks of first-class holiday movies...
Another family holiday flick that disappoints rather than delights.
This is a definite Oscar contender for Best Animated Film. It has a great story, spectacular visuals and a fantastic musical score by composer Harry Gregson-Williams. It bears a striking resemblance to the timeless Christmas classic "The Polar Express."
Santa tale delivers gift of laughter.
quiet and intimate
Fabulous, funny holiday movie about the Christmas spirit.
The results are not only funny and fresh, but represent a new way of tackling the whole yuletide paradigm: Santa as a high-tech hereditary monarchy.
Crafted with authentic joy, performed by lively actors and subtly imbued with jokes for all ages, those who catch Arthur Christmas may find themselves returning every season.
"Arthur Christmas" is sometimes a bit hectic in its execution, but overall it's a fine addition to the pantheon of wacky cinematic speculation about how Santa gets the job done.
Your job is probably to accompany children to this film and they, the target audience, will probably like it very much.
For the kids, the action is always lively and, for the rest of us, the dialogue has a witty and even caustic edge.
The surprise gift of the season: a sharp, savvy holiday comedy that doesn't get its laughs at the expense of those who start to glow in the early days of December. It's a most entertaining package indeed.
Good for the kids, good for the parents, and good for Christmas.
Destined to be our new favorite Christmas movie.
The premise recalls those sophisticated lies parents cook up when their kids start asking logical questions about Santa.
Those who know me know that I am sucker for this kind of thing. So, don't be surprised that I loved the film. (Parental Movie Review also available)
It's not the tightest picture, but the primary elements are well cared for, providing a reasonable green-and-red rush of festive fun.
Unexpectedly fresh, despite the familiar-sounding premise.
An animated kiddie comedy that delivers all the wonder you'd expect in a movie about a guy delivering one package.
Hilarious, fast-paced and superbly entertaining.
The animation itself is beautiful and delightfully detailed, and the 3D is of the rare breed that makes the supposed "gimmick" look to have real value, the bow on top of the already lovely present that is Arthur Christmas.
This is aimed squarely at families, and it plays more sweet than edgy.
Clever and funny.
Equal parts old fashioned heart and new fashioned sass and visual stimulus
"Arthur Christmas" is imaginatively crafted and its computer animation is divine. With its wide-ranging international locations and and seasonal color scheme, watching the film once doesn't quite seem like enough.
Arthur Christmas might be choppily paced, but its bursts of imagination and emotion make up for it.
There is distinctly British sensibility at play, not just from the voice actors, but from the humor, which slips in sly wordplay amid the slapstick set pieces.
I miss the imperfect hand-made quality of the stop-motion movies, but "Arthur" retains Aardman's flair for distinctive character design and voice work.
It would be a Christmas miracle save for one lump of coal: an ear-shattering Justin Bieber song over the end credits.
"Arthur" is so full of clever visual humor and throwaway background jokes that multiple viewings may be needed to take it all in.
Like most of Aardman's work ... [it's] more clever than outright funny, but it's also genuinely sweet, and the complicated relations among Santa's clan are surprisingly believable
The story moves so fast that you might not notice that there's really only enough of it for half the film's running time. But with fun 3-D, witty dialogue and a truly heartwarming finale, you'll believe in Team Claus.
It's a lovely bit of work.
The writing is almost Pixar level with all its clever gags...If only the filmmakers had edited themselves a wee bit
Watching Arthur Christmas is like doing your holiday shopping on Dec. 23: fun and frantic, exciting and maddening. You come away feeling warm-hearted and exhausted, wondering if more forethought might have led to a smoother, more satisfying experience.
I'd be satisfied if Arthur Christmas primed kids for nothing more than expecting nothing less from holiday entertainment than this fleet, sweet-natured film.
Take it as you will: a special Christmastime treat, or a gift-wrapped cross-promotional fruitcake (um, thanks?) from Aardman's Hollywood partners.
Moments of wild inspiration and dry wit help to compensate for the forgettable title character. All the fun is happening around him, resulting in a story that goes from antic to blah and back again.
What makes Arthur sing is that it plays as much like a family comedy as a holiday film.
If "Arthur Christmas" doesn't make you happy, I honestly don't know what's wrong with you.
Arthur Christmas gets a little sappy toward the end -- it is a Christmas movie, after all -- but it otherwise strikes just the right combination of naughty and nice, reverent and irrelevant, holiday-sweet and Aardman dry.
This kind of thing can be disastrous in the wrong hands, but Arthur Christmas maintains a sharp wit that perfectly counterbalances its lovely (and, by the end, fully earned) holiday sentimentality.
The North Pole Control Room may be cold but the emotions are warm, delivering sweetness when it counts.
Both Nighy and Broadbent do wonderful, richly funny voice work.
Deftly blends the sophisticated sensibility of Aardman with the slick spectacle of American animation.
It's good. Frantic, yes, sometimes aggressively so. There's some padding in the airborne sequences built to exploit the 3-D format. But a tender and upbeat spirit informs the writing and the execution.
"Arthur Christmas" stays sweet without becoming overly sentimental and is filled with sly details and smart action sequences.
It's difficult to come up with a new spin on something as established as a Christmas movie, but "Arthur Christmas" does a good job of it.
Bright, witty and delightfully off-kilter, it's a very Aardman Christmas story that even a Scrooge should enjoy.
Cute and clever and there are enough heartwarming moments that will bring a tear to your eye.
Should spread plenty of joy this season but doesn't break any new ground in Christmas-y cinematic concoctions.
Good for a smile and a headache.
The plot may be a little too cluttered for the toddler crowd to follow, but the next age group up should be amused, and the script by Peter Baynham and Sarah Smith has plenty of sly jokes for grown-ups.
Arthur is sort of a dull hero, but the grandfather is classic, hilarious Aardman -- a thoroughly British eccentric prone to weird nostalgic/fatalistic utterances.
The movie is dense with witty visual detail that helps to distract from the somewhat trumped-up moral dilemma at its center.
The traditional Aardman style of witty, detailed, and ingeniously designed storytelling.
Arthur Christmas, a joyful and tremendously funny spin on Santa as a story of family dysfunction.
Like an unexpected Christmas gift, this animated frature is an unexpected delight, revolving around a premise that often concerns children.
Arthur Christmas is a deceptively bland title for one of the best films of the year - no matter what your age or where you are on the Santameter. It is a hero's journey, but it is the funniest film ever made about the hugely popular subject of Santa
Let all your Christmases come at once with this brilliantly funny, inspired animation from the makers of Wallace & Gromit and Chicken Run
Scrooges may take issue with the childish humor and the by-the-book plot, but for those easily swayed by the seasonal spirit, it'll nestle in quite nicely with holiday plans.
Old-school holiday goodwill trumps modern high-tech impersonality in Arthur Christmas.
Well-intentioned and above average for the genre, Arthur Christmas is British enough to play well at home as well as being a universal tale for overseas.
In her directing debut, Aardman veteran Sarah Smith and her co-writer Peter Baynham offer a fresh look at the Santa legend: a flawed Claus.
This seasonal animated offering from Aardman has all the hallmarks of being a perennial festive favourite.
True, it does sag a little in the middle, like December 25 often does. But it is guaranteed to get you in a Christmassy mood.
So thoroughly lacking the distinctive charm, wit and heart of Aardman's best work that it could have been made by anyone.
An odd Anglo-American collaboration that will bring a little brief happiness to undemanding children.
It's playful, observant, sentimental without being slushy, and boasts the kind of jokes that will still sound funny when your children or younger relatives quote them in April.
It is a fun-packed romp, beautifully animated and lacking any heavy-handed 'messages', instead focusing on the joy and innocent delight of Christmas and the pleasures in old-fashioned family values.
A smart script - that sees kids asking why they can't find Santa's North Pole home on Google Earth - wrapped up in some nifty 3D visuals make this a highly enjoyable early Christmas present.
The film is expertly done, as you would expect from the makers of Wallace & Gromit.
[A] entertaining computer-animated comedy that delivers a feast of family fun for the festive season.
This is an undemanding children's movie, with just about enough humour and excitement to keep adults entertained.
British to its fingertips, from the cast to its terrifically droll sense of humour. Oh, and it's also pretty wonderful.
A joyful, simple Christmas movie with a heartfelt message.
Far from a ho-ho-horrible mess, but room to improve.
Children will undoubtedly enjoy it but I suspect this animated gift is merely for Christmas and not for life.
Arthur Christmas feels less insularly British than previous Aardman releases; there's plenty here for all ages and nationalities, including the sly but entirely welcome suggestion that female characters have been under-credited in previous yuletide tales.
This may be Aardman-gone-American, a defanging process much like Bruce Robinson ageing into transatlanticism, but smiles, albeit dentally challenged, strew the way.
Oh lovely movie!... Is there sweet? Absolutely. But it is cut with funny: sometimes wicked, sometimes manic, often hysterical, always clever funny. And a whole lotta poignant, too.
Leave it to the folks who brought us Wallace & Gromit, Chicken Run and Flushed Away to bring a delightful blast of fresh air to the conventional Christmas genre.
Even when the plot stalls in the middle, it's difficult to stop chuckling at the filmmakers' deranged sense of humour.
A guaranteed festive tickler with the magic Aardman touch, complete with some very real characters and issues.
A Christmas cracker.
Arthur Christmas is beautifully animated, has a superb voice cast and delivers its Christmas message in a refreshingly unsentimental way, but it also drags in the middle and isn't as laugh-out-loud funny as it should have been.
This simultaneously cool and cosy tale of families and Christmas spirit will have Aardman's pockets jingling all the way to the bank. And deservedly so.
What makes this festive fantasy engaging is the savvy way in which it debunks cold efficiency in favour of more wholesome values. It's just a pity Arthur himself is so bland.
Arthur Christmas strains so much to be a postmodern Yuletide yarn that it forsakes the much-needed sprinkle of Christmas spirit and concedes too much of the Santa myth in the process.
Like Santa's sack, Arthur Christmas is stuffed with so many surprises and delights that it will repay reviewing over many Christmases to come.
A great, big joy. Even if you're a bit bah humbug, just delight in the supremely clever Aardman comedy.

@highlight

Aardman Animations broadens their humor a bit for Arthur Christmas , a clever and earnest holiday film with surprising emotional strength.