Sinister 2 is an awful movie.
By the tortured end (for the viewer), we are left with the inquietude of another sequel coming. From the mouth of madness, we know this story won't end.
No one expects low-budget horror sequels to be the height of innovation. But it's still a shame, because it left a talented director without much to work with.
If ever there was a perfect example of the misguided nature of the film sequel, Sinister 2 is it. You can commend a sequel for trying to build on and expand the original, but this film seems to have regressed.
In a film where ghostly children attempt to force other kids to watch horror movies only to be repeatedly told "I don't' want to", this somehow manages to be a microcosm for Sinister 2. I don't want to watch any more either.
"Sinister 2" depends greatly on cheap scares.
A lackluster follow up to what was a fairly unimpressive horror entry.
Whilst Sinister 2 at least manages to avoid being a mere re-tread, the final product comes off as decidedly flat.
Ciarán Foy provides a further link to the first film by resolutely failing to generate any decent scares.
The ghost children require the boys to watch home movies of murder; in this way, the film ritualizes the 'aesthetic observance of violence' (to quote one character) that gives its particular bogeyman -- and the horror genre -- life.
Sinister 2 basically destroys everything good the first one did. [Full review in Spanish]
As the ghoul from the 2012 horror hit stalks a new family, this sequel's sharply well-crafted set-up leaves the hackneyed conclusion feeling very disappointing.
The new perspective opens up possibilities, but the story still feels rehashed.
Sinister 2 plays like a sputtering, unnecessary fourth act that lacks the tension and sense of dread of the original.
In most respects, it's an improvement over its predecessor, but it's still more of the same with better characters. Watchable, but hardly essential.
It has a couple of good scrares but it's ultimately forgettable. [Full review in Spanish]
If you're the type of person that thinks horror sequels are a bad idea, Sinister 2 is not the movie to make you change your mind. [Full review in Spanish]
A waste of time. [Full review in Spanish]
The best way to describe this bad sequel is: unnecessary. [Full review in Spanish]
Familiar settings, cliches and jumpscares, theres very little imagination put into it and even less subtelty. [Full review in Spanish]
This sequel has an eerie effect that stays with you long after it's over. [Full review in Spanish]
The script to 'Sinister 2' is a mess. Mostly, it's boring, but it's also a hodgepodge of ineffectual dialogue and setups.
The original Sinister was a passable chiller, but the sequel feels more like a vague attempt to continue a lucrative franchise than to create anything truly compelling or spooky.
This -- and, crucially, only this -- is what's "scary" about Sinister 2: that, only when you most expect it, something may happen on screen that'll make you twitch in your chair.
Not half as terrifying as Norwegian black metal, but still one of the better found footage-gimmicked sequels in recent memory.
Sinister 2 is what its predecessor could have been in the wrong hands: It takes imagery and devices that you've seen before, and makes them feel even more worn down, even more tired, than anything you could have imagined on your own.
There comes a point when you have to say no to these horror sequels. There's no skill or idea visible anywhere, just the sound of money being sucked from your pockets.
Ransone's tone-deaf performance helps validate this knuckleheaded story's portrait of cinema as a potential gateway to pain and suffering.
James Ransome is better than the not-very-frightening horror film they've built around him.
This may not be as scary or cohesive as its predecessor, but the kill films retain their power to shock and Ransone and Sossamon make for a very watchable lead pairing.
"I don't want to watch any more," declares terrorised youth Dylan. We know exactly how he feels.
...yet another rehashed and disposable horror sequel.
Although Sinister 2 continues the story begun in Scott Derrickson's creepily effective Sinister, it feels more like an unnecessary retread than an organic extension of the original.
I'd wonder if the writers even bothered to watch the original film if I didn't know they actually wrote that one too.
Like Roger Corman's The Pit and the Pendulum, Sinister 2 cheerfully tries to make sense of where sadism springs from.
Creepy kids and sick jokes make for meager scares, but Ransone is likable as the film's beleaguered hero.
There are elements of a decent horror parable here, but Sinister 2 lacks the restrained direction and eery mythos of its predecessor.
...the relatively fresh, non-retread atmosphere is certainly a refreshing change of pace from most repetitive horror sequels.
A mostly tedious, would-be scary movie that contains a few decent jump scares, but is undone by a filmmaking team unable to expand on the creepy events of the first film. (Full Content Review - Sex, Violence, Profanity, etc. - for Parents available)
Disjointed, incohesive, and psychologically ridiculous. And actually repulsive on multiple levels in ways that the first film was not.
It's possible to find some appeal here, but the overstuffed Sinister 2 has simply too much cheapness on its plate.
This sequel, as rough as it is, might be more worthwhile than its 2012 original.
The horror aspects are in full force: The snuff films through which Bughuul travels include unflinching looks at whole families being murdered in the most painful possible ways
Yet another chintzy exploitation potboiler from Jason Blum's horror shingle...poorly conceived and ineptly executed.
...if all you want to know is whether my thumb or a different digit is raised, I suspect you've figured that much out by now.
Cargill and Derrickson grow desperate by the second half, playing up child and spousal abuse to rev up suspense during "Sinister 2," toying with real-world horror as they brew their B-movie.
Much like the unstoppable power of supernatural forces, there's a grim inevitability to this horror sequel.
Kids aren't scary. Get rid of them, though, and Sinister 2 might be.
Narratively and formally, Sinister 2 is a lot of the same, old same-old.
It's like "Kramer versus Kramer" versus an evil spirit in this low-rent sequel. The only loser here is the audience.
Nothing in Sinister 2 comes across as believably scary.
The boogeyman is terrifying in prospect - and in glimpses - but so much screen-time is given to his looming bulk that he is divested of all his fear factor.
The kids are great and the change of perspective does offer some different chills to the claustrophobic first movie. But there is no big twist to look forward to. And now the ghosts have stepped out of the shadows, they just don't seem that scary.
That ultra-low Rotten Tomatoes score is misleading: this is better than you think. But at the end of the day, it faces one pitfall too many, stumbling into mediocrity despite itself.
"Sinister 2" isn't without some singularly chilling moments, but it just as frequently goes awry. The result, sadly, is a film that repeatedly reminds how and why its predecessor got so much right that this one gets wrong.
Director Ciarán Foy crafts a tense atmosphere with his hand-held cameras, and the doe-eyed Ransone has a self-deprecating charm, but poor underwritten So-and-So spends most of his time wandering from one jump scene to the next.
Nothing about "Sinister 2" comes close to the feel-bad ode to literally and figuratively dark interiors that distinguished the title-earning original.
The sequel to the nastily effective horror movie Sinister, Sinister 2 loses two of the main assets from the first film: Ethan Hawke and the element of surprise.
Despite Mr. Ransone's goofy charm, "Sinister 2" can't claim the same finesse, substituting pedestrian plotting and a more graphic gore for the original's restraint.
It is odd to report that the film is at its best when it is most like a Nicholas Sparks adaptation.
While nothing about Sinister 2 is especially memorable, it's reasonably entertaining with sufficiently lowered expectations.
A Peeping Tom story rushed through as quiet-quiet-LOUD popcorn-spiller, with replacement players gabbling footnotes to the original legend, and a shoddily edited hide-and-seek finale.
The new chapter features a few scary sequences, especially if you don't like rats.
a lame origin story, a badly executed family-in-peril film, and an equally weak supernatural mystery
Wearisome and stupid and not nearly scary enough.
Not a moment of Sinister 2 is convincing or frightening, mostly due to the uber-stilted child acting and the flat, overlit visual palette, which pales in comparison to what Derrickson and cinematographer Chris Norr achieved on the shadow-laden first film.
Although [the] sequel doesn't reach the bar set by its predecessor, it comes close at times.
There are many lines in the film worth singling out in jest, but the absolute best is Ex Deputy So-and-So yelling, "You're not going to finish your movie!" Let's hope that's the truth and this is the end of Sinister.
"Sinister 2" is so close to being a good movie that everything bad about it seems ten times worse.
The whole thing has a rather goofy feel to it.
Baghuul ... looks like the lead singer in a Norwegian forest metal band.
Just when it looked like Blumhouse was on a winning terror track with The Gift-not to mention the quirky little Netflix item Creep-it got detoured straight into S***sville with this groan-inducing cash grab.
Sinister 2 comes up a bit short on creative resources, although director Ciaran Foy probably gets enough right to entice those partial to the original.
A weak horror film that, thanks to the actors mostly, nearly works as a so-so drama.
A classic case of sophomore slump, where a clever well-developed idea is diluted by trying to expand on it in order to build a franchise.
A serviceable if somewhat redundant horror sequel that dribbles out its secrets slowly, "Sinister 2" doesn't have a particularly satisfying end - it's somehow both too drawn-out and abrupt - but it's got creepiness galore.
Sinister 2 is a disappointing sequel that doesn't earn a majority of its scares, yet we jump anyway. And that's unfortunately all this lazy compilation of homemade horrors strives for.
Anyone who found the original a cut above the average horror pic will likely leave the theater disappointed, if not downright insulted.
Sinister 2 doesn't know what it wants to be, and doesn't add up to much.
A sequel that has no reason to exist is also a movie that has no reason to be seen.
It merely exudes an aura of cheap manipulation by which the audience is simply asked to rank the film's characters on a d-bag scale and root for their survival, or destruction, accordingly.

@highlight

Sinister 2 has a few ingredients that will be familiar to fans of the original; unfortunately, in this slapdash second installment, none of them are scary anymore.