Jokes just somehow hung in the air instead of collecting their laugh and moving on.
It should be good. It's got a well-known, talented cast from top to bottom and the subject of ex-boyfriends is limitless. Instead it has the feel of a straight-to-DVD failure.
Uneven Braff comedy OK, but lacks ex-citement.
This movie ain't all that funny.
All in all, this flick is sure to make even the staunchest movie-goer reassess his or her notions about date movies. It's a "laugh out loud on more than one occasion" kind of movie full of good writing, good acting and characters you'll become invested in
Here's a quirky comedy that has its moments %u2013 many of which we've seen before in previous films.
The whole movie is so generic feeling and such a blatant waste of precious smart-comedy resources, I can't advise anyone to see it. I gave it Network with Snacks because Jason Bateman needs a vehicle for his brilliance wherever he can get one.
Zach Braff brings what he always does -- a basic mopey charm, some sarcasm, even a rudimentary self-awareness.
Similar to Are We Done Yet? this insipid comedy pits the idiotic hero against an impossibly perfect villain. As a result, the movie has no intelligent, truthful or sympathetic characters.
The movie's rhythm is off-kilter and oddly paced. Moreover, the film's script seems truncated at points; a lot of the plot details feel underdeveloped.
Even if The Ex doesn't always work, on some level you have to respect a summer Hollywood comedy that is daring enough to make you want to see the guy in the wheelchair thrown down the stairs.
Mildly amusing but far too timid.
Braff has a natural likability, but the screenplay gives him so many stupid, far-fetched and annoying things to do that The Ex loses credibility quickly.
Though Bateman rolls through the film with sly comic skill, the whole exercise seems half-baked -- a high concept and some funny gags that do not a great comedy make.
The Ex had the potential. The problem is that it just doesn't follow through. Perhaps given the deep cast and the possible exploration on the changing tides of the familial unit I had my hopes too high.
By displaying a little more nerve, the filmmakers could have had a vicious pit bull of a comedy, on the order of Kingpin or The War of the Roses.
What if Zach Braff acted in one more quarter-life-crisis movie, and instead of Sundance it went straight to video? If only that's what had happened to The Ex.
The Ex is a sitcom posing as a feature film.
The film is superficially a necklace of disparate gags, a dozen comedic scenes organized and tied together via a character or relationship study. A closer look reveals that it achieves more than ninety minutes of sufficiently entertaining laughs.
It's the smart dialogue and plain old darn witty ideas at the core of this film that lift it above the average Hollywood comedy.
I quite enjoyed the silly factor of the film -- and laughed a lot. But, I seriously lamented the guts and heart of the thing falling by the wayside.
...an insult to its audience's intelligence.
Destined to land on Comedy Central and make Jon Stewart, Stephen Colbert and South Park fans wonder, "Who ever put good money into that?!"
It's good to have Grodin back onscreen after an extended absence; it's just a shame it has to be in this dreary graveyard of wasted opportunities.
A film that opens with parents-to-be tossing baby names like Doofus and Boobies around -- and thinking that's funny -- is a film that doesn't deserve a review.
a series of achingly predictable situations... Ed Shearmur's intrusively 'goofy' musical score keeps insisting you're watching a wacky farce; after a while, you may need the reminder.
It's not worth ten bucks and parking, but it is a passable DVD rental which is where this sitcom-level script can be seen the way it should, on a 27-inch TV screen.
Aspiring filmmakers should check it out as a lesson plan from Bizarro World: Make a movie that's the exact opposite of The Ex and it could be the funniest film ever made.
About the only person here who seems to be working hard for laughs is Braff. Even Bateman, who was so brilliantly hysterical on TV's Arrested Development, is denied any major comic moments. And that's a crime.
Delayed, re-titled and presumably at least partially re-shot, Jesse Peretz's troubled office-bound romantic comedy The Ex is as half-baked as you'd expect it to be, but the better half -- the office half -- really does cook.
It's really pitiful.
Depending upon your perspective, The Ex is either too offensive to be funny or too stupid to be offensive.
Bringing together a cast of experienced comic actors and a string of funny gags does not necessarily a good movie make.
It's a pretty twisted concept, bordering on offensive. But mostly it's just not funny.
Few filmmakers can successfully mix true outrageousness and warmheartedness. Or rather, two filmmakers: the Farrelly brothers, whose talent shines brighter when others try and fail to do what they do.
If Braff really wants a movie career, he is going to have to do better than this mediocrity. Why should anyone pay to see this when they can catch his act on TV for free?
The result is a wildly uneven movie, with some big laughs here and there. For the most part, though, it looks like the kind of concept comedy that was pitched to Ben Stiller, Will Ferrell, Vince Vaughn or Owen Wilson, and didn't quite make the cut.
The real scene-stealer is neighbor kid Wesley (Lucian Maisel), whose burger-eating trick is either an amazing special effect or a true freak of nature.
The Ex is shrill when it means to be irreverent. It's frustrating to see the lead performers squandering their collective talent in a movie that fails to match the fun and pathos of their TV work.
Like many woeful major studio releases that run under 90 minutes, The Ex seems arbitrarily edited to squeeze in extra screenings before it's killed by word-of-mouth.
Though there are giggles here and there, the film is inexcusably unfunny.
In its cast, especially Bateman, The Ex has better material than it seems to know what to do with.
As it is, The Ex doesn't test your funny bone, only your patience.
Bateman, who played a good guy on Arrested Development, proves rather easy to despise, especially once his malevolence loses its comic edge.
Nothing is more of a downer than a movie that trots out a great cast and stumbles; that tries to be cutesy and fails.
The Ex is extremely, exceptionally, extraordinarily forgettable, just like that stuff on the small screen.
It's a comedy with a few good gags, a completely wasted cast and all the signs of a project that has undergone unnecessary emergency surgery.
Blink and you might miss Mia Farrow, who turns up as Peet's slightly addled mother. She probably should have stayed home.
So much of comedy is in the timing, though, and The Ex doesn't quite know when to quit. Or at least move on.
Braff and Bateman engage in a beautiful comedic, verbal ballet that made me laugh much more than I would have thought I would, given what I knew about the story before watching the film. Both actors display on-target timing.
The next time Grodin attempts a comeback, it would be so great if he avoids movies where he might be upstaged by a sandwich stunt.
It's like undercooked lasagna: lots of layers, but the flavors never blend.
After watching "The Ex" I wondered whether actors are bothering to read scripts anymore before accepting a job. In the case of Jesse Peretz's film, the story is as mean-spirited as it is ridiculous.
No year-end awards but boy did I laugh.
...stars two television actors who have done far, far better work on the small screen. Who needs a movie career if it looks like this?
...there's little doubt that Bateman deserves the lion's share of praise thanks to his scene-stealing work as Tom's hilariously smug nemesis.
Braff deserves better material.
It may be the worst movie of the summer movie season, which is pretty impressive since it just kicked off last week. This one is toxic.
Talented actors can turn a so-so script into something mildly worthwhile, but come on, they're not miracle workers.
However bungled the execution, The Ex still features some undeniably funny material
feels and entertains like a good TV sit-com, especially with the acting talent assembled here, and that shouldn't be taken as an insult.
There must be an unspoken rule in Hollywood that a group of exceptionally talented people must all gather together once in their career and make an exceptionally unfunny movie.
It's incredibly apropos that The Ex contains the line, 'I really only laugh when something funny happens.' Self-criticism at its finest, that is.
Extravagantly expendable.
casts funny actors and provides funny scenarios but rarely matches talent to task
A clunky, lead-footed disaster, the stunning incompetence of its script and direction only exceeded by the shocking array of talented and successful performers who struggle in it as though they are going down for the third time. In quicksand.
An off-key comedy that has all the hallmarks of a desperate makeover...
If you're not a fan of either Bateman or Braff, then nothing's going to save this muddled comedy for you. Their sparks are all that keep it going.
A completely forgettable comedy starring Zach Braff and Amanda Peet, The Ex takes a mix of tired scenarios and combines them in a way that makes the nearly 90 minutes feel much longer.
The best jokes in The Ex a scattershot screwball satire of job insecurity, upward mobility, political correctness and yuppie marital tensions, have claws that leave scratches.
After The Last Kiss and Garden State, not to mention Scrubs (second only to Law and Order when it comes to TV ubiquity), Braff's shtick, his bug-eyed, hangdog, goofy-grin thing, is getting tired.
Jason Bateman's a blast, but this slack comedy's a bust.
If you're looking for Braff's most average movie to date, The Ex marks the spot.
It's conventional, and given the talent involved it could be better. But it isn't half bad, which makes it twice as good as some recent comedy smashes.
One of the opening scenes in The Ex is a food fight, which is an apt metaphor for this comedy: It's a bit of a mess and pretty wasteful.
Plays like a network sitcom with a few four-letter words thrown in that wouldn't make it past the censors.
It's smarter and riskier than most comedies, and that counts for a lot.
As it is, we are left to wonder why neither Tom's wife nor anyone working at Chip's office are not able to see through his machinations.
Jesse Peretz directs, and note how he treats the script (by David Guion and Michael Handelman) in its broadest slapstick elements. Not too well, that's how.
Even likable star Zach Braff can't salvage this clunker.
You can pinpoint the exact moment when The Ex loses its nerve, strangeness and soul.
Though it boasts a few moments of odd, laid-back humor, what distinguishes the picture is that it's not just bad, but perversely bad.
Braff and Bateman make this patchwork just funny enough to be worth our trouble.
It simultaneously feels truncated and interminable, and it grossly wastes the comic talents of Amy Poehler, Paul Rudd, Donal Logue and Charles Grodin, making his first movie in 13 years.
Neither Braff nor Bateman will look back on The Ex as a worthwhile relationship but a one-night stand that left them with a headache and an unpleasant burning sensation.
A stunningly insipid romance, marks an all-time low for actor Zach Braff -- his Gigli, if you will.
Zach Braff is just about the world's most insufferable comedic actor, and The Ex does nothing to diminish that reputation.
The Ex, directed with a breathtaking lack of instinct by Jesse Peretz, is always at least a half-beat off.
There's a prescription for making an effective dark comedy: the film must generate equal parts discomfort and laughter. The Ex offers plenty of the former but precious little of the latter.
The Ex uses vulgarity for its own sake, never to make a larger point, and worst of all, it is shockingly unfunny.
The so-called comedy, which is really only a sacrificial lamb tossed in front of the "Spider-Man 3" behemoth, is about as funny as a foreclosure notice.
The Ex not only surprises in the consistency and effectiveness of its dark wit, but, more importantly, lets Jason Bateman do most of the comedic heavy lifting.
Everything that can go wrong with a comedy like this does.
No less than two Ex-men do battle in Jesse Peretz's dog eat dog comedic career brawl The Ex, and it's all about romantic rivalry, office turf wars, and yet another movie along with Waitress, about dining out.
A half-baked comedy torn between sincere emotion and over-the-top outrageousness.
When it works (which is at least half of the time), this antic romp has the off-the-wall, go-for-broke zaniness of that other great modern screwball comedy, David O. Russell's Flirting with Disaster.





@highlight

The Ex suffers from inept direction and characters that are either unsympathetic or plain unpleasant to watch.