Fugitive Pieces is all about glorifying a state of humorless suspension, where you dwell stoically in the past until, suddenly, you are rescued by a demure, unchallenging version of romantic love. It's depressing.
Distractingly jumping back and forth in time, the film falters badly in the modern era, yet its tale is still a moving one.
Nostalgic, deeply felt, and refreshingly astute, "Fugitive Pieces" is something of a rare bird these days%u2014a big-budget, transnational historical drama that actually justifies its scope and subject matter with more than visual opulence.
Podeswa's confusing, commonplace film lumbers along with a painful sincerity.
Plays out with such daunting high-mindedness it makes The Reader look like Transformers.
Fugitive Pieces reduces the Holocaust and its aftermath to a cosy soap opera.
One of the most delicate, approachable and rewarding Holocaust movies of recent years.
Given the source novel, Podeswa's attempt to adapt Fugitive Pieces is admirable in itself. Yet despite an enthusiastic cast, this fails to transport you in the same way. Tying itself in narrative knots, the end result is stilted.
The movie has little dramatic momentum, and its journey is essentially Jakob's incremental acceptance of his fate. But Dillane and the writer-director Jeremy Podeswa create such a compelling central character that it hardly matters.
His journey towards peace of mind involves lots of lyrical philosophising, which presumably comes straight from the film's source novel, by Anne Michaels, and doesn't lend itself to dramatisation, despite Dillane's typically intelligent performance.
Anne Michael's complex, poetic novel is here adapted into a stolid, somewhat po-faced film, but one that still manages to tease some affecting drama out of its scholarly premise.
Despite a rich premise, the soul-searching of the older Jakob is, at best, curiously colourless; at worst, positively grating.
An intermittently powerful, if not entirely successful, piece.
But while there's life, there's hope, and Jeremy Podeswa's delicate, deliberate adaptation of Anne Michaels' novel follows Jakob's heartrending progress from the darkness to the light.
There are fleeting moments of poignancy and poetry, significantly when the script features narration taken almost directly from the novel, but this is clunkily written and poorly edited.
Jeremy Podeswa's tremulous adaptation of Anne Michaels's novel aches with earnest intent and tasteful eroticism, yet it moves as heavily and lugubriously as a prison gate.
Restrained, worthy and dull.
A slow-moving, fitfully atmospheric drama.
Engaging, well acted and ultimately moving drama.
mia ap' tis pio entimes, katharies ki eilikrineis synaisthimatikes istories poy mporeis na petyheis sto pani, i opoia an hanei kapoy, einai sti dynatotita tis na sikosei to baros ton filodoksion tis
take a dip into this thoughtful and intimate portrait of a man slowly warming to the beauty of life as he shakes off the ghosts of a family lost in the Holocaust.
A sentimental journey through inheriting loneliness and sadness from fathers to sons, and their female fantasies, relieved by beautiful language and cinematography.
This is a film whose mood lingers.
Though the strong performances from the brooding Dillane and the ever-good Serbedzija keep things from getting dull, the film does meander its way to a final act that simply peters out.
Writer-director Jeremy Podeswa, another Canadian, doesn't try to reproduce the talk on film, which is a wise move.
A sumptuous looking film that flits seamlessly between wartime Europe and '70s Canada.
Nuanced, scrupulous and powerful...
Slow moving, torpid and melancholy...it's tearjerker material, but without the tears.
A powerful and emotional journey of a man trying to come to terms with history.
The latter third of the movie sags, the victim of forced profundity and heavy stylization.
An almost strenuously dignified enterprise.
Fugitive Pieces delivers its own evocative poetry.
The great Serbian actor Rade Serbedzija gives Fugitive Pieces its heart.
... defaults to a kind of poetic conventionality that is unlikely to completely satisfy fans of either The Pianist or The Love Letter.
Fugitive Pieces is an often lovely work, haunting its viewer long afterward with its quiet observations on what remains with us.
Ultimately, Podeswa fashions this collection of familiar characters and overworked themes into something unique: a wistful parable about the destructive hold the past has on all of our lives and the absolute necessity of breaking it.
Tasteful, unremarkable art-house fare, rescued from complete irrelevance by Stephen Dillane's bottled-up performance as a writer scarred by the Holocaust.
If Fugitive Pieces has a message, it is that life can heal us, if we allow it.
Fugitive Pieces is often quiet, lyrical, reflective and underplayed. It doesn't minimize Holocaust suffering--far from it--but it strives, often successfully, to unearth the innate good in people Anne Frank alluded to so eloquently.
Everyone in the movie...is fabulous, and Podeswa has an ability to distill history into a few powerful images.
The cast is uniformly attractive and earnest. But the romanticized image of the tortured artist is the stuff of stereotype unless it's leavened with humor, or limned in art. In Fugitive Pieces, neither element appears in sufficient quantity.
Sliding from past to present without an overt purpose, Jakob's story has the grand and aimless sweep of a mini-series
The film can barely breathe, much less move.
The film occasionally gets weighed down by its ponderousness, but despite a few lags, it's always involving.
Sensitively adapted from the achingly sad, luminous novel by Anne Michaels, Fugitive Pieces is a story of unspeakable loss and how it eats at the souls of survivors.
Feels less like a redemptive survivor's story and more like a commercial for some terrific Mediterranean resort.
...a drama about good people struggling to make the right choices in life.
Bit by fragmented bit, it all adds up to a one-note portrait of its protagonist. Granted, that one note is a powerful one.
This lyrical drama about memory and survivor's guilt taps a deep reservoir of emotions.
A generally dull and unmemorable adaptation of Anne Michaels' extraordinary prose-poetry novel.
Well acted but dramatically unyielding.
It's a character study in which the lead participant is the least interesting person in the movie. There's something inherently frustrating and unsatisfying about that.
Fugitive Pieces, however well-meaning, is still pretty much an emotionally distanced slog.
Though much of the film's power is tamped down by the passive storytelling style, Dillane's performance as the adult Jakob is compelling, and Ayelet Zurer is beguiling as Jakob's late-in-life soul mate.
[A] lovely, absorbing adaptation of Anne Michaels' lauded novel.
Like the Holocaust survivor who occupies its wounded centre, Jeremy Podeswa's elegant, stern adaptation of Anne Michaels' novel Fugitive Pieces keeps us quietly, intractably, at a distance.
A demanding, but remarkably accomplished and moving film.
For a tale spiked with so much torment, Fugitive Pieces feels remarkably soothing.
The strengths of Fugitive Pieces are its fluidity and subtlety. Emotional repression may be one of the most difficult conditions to portray honestly, and Dillane's performance of Jakob is a study in the art of creating sympathy by not asking for it.
Once you adjust to the film's deliberate pace and literary rhythms, there are innumerable visual and emotional pleasures to be had.
In many ways, Fugitive Pieces is a beautiful film. But it's a bit too beautiful.
A poignant and heart-affecting screen adaptation of a 1996 novel about suffering and the redemptive power of love.
The best approach to the movie is to stay home with the celebrated novel on which it's based.
Canadian filmmaker Jeremy Podeswa has given it the old college try, but in pursuit of tact and sensitivity, he has hollowed out the novel's urgency.
Nuanced, scrupulous and powerful.
A valuable addition to the treasure-trove of Holocaust films--this one about a Greek gentile who saves a Polish Jew.
If you haven't had enough of Holocaust-related tales onscreen, this is a perfectly serviceable one
The resonant film that results is not without its flaws, but it's ultimately quite absorbing.
Image, like identity, is always coming into focus throughout Fugitive Pieces.
Though pretentious and structurally problematic, Podeswa's tale of a Holocaust survivor is ambitious and occasionally lyrical and powerful, adding another honorable panel to the growing body of works on the catastrophic phenomenon.
...might hold some appeal for those familiar with Michaels' novel...






@highlight

Though the retelling is a bit too subtle, the moving story and solid performances lift Fugitive Pieces beyond standard holocaust tales.