David Gordon Green seems to have used this template as some sort of experiment... Green's method is like a stone-cold killer in a John Woo movie: He makes us laugh, then immediately shoots us in the face.
The party got out of hand towards the end, and we probably should have booked out before we got too tired.
You would have to smoke a great deal of the stuff to make Pineapple Express seem like a good movie, although from the assorted giggles at the Rio Theatre, the audience was ripped and receptive.
High-ly recommended.
Your love of it will largely depend on how funny you find a movie with 85 percent of the jokes based on smoking weed. For the rest of you a lot of it is going to feel very silly, crammed with potty humor and overly long for such a simple subject matter.
Given that cast, crew and audience were and will be baked throughout, Pineapple Express just about earns itself a pass.
This is possibly the first time a blackened, burnt corpse is played for laughs. It all flows by like so much sugar water.
In the end, that feel-good factor overrides occasional moments of discomfort.
The movie runs red with both blood and cherry Slushies ... There's also more male affection on display here than, well, since 'Superbad' and that cowboy movie that people still complain to me about.
Enjoyable, but probably only as funny as it thinks it is if you're as high as Judd Apatow's salary.
Pineapple Express is good for a few laughs but little more; it's low-grade Apatow--I think they used to call it dirt weed.
Pretty bad
I'm happy anyway to see that Green can wield his considerable skill in a completely different form, with the result being such a fun movie.
Definitely can not be compared to Superbad or Knocked Up, but another secure comedy brought to use by both Seth Rogen and Judd Apatow.
More an inconsistent collection of gags and skits than a cohesive feature, but the highs are funny and the lows hard to get worked up about, so we still walk away smiling.
Pineapple Express is funny, but it's not outrageously funny. Such material needs to be outrageously funny to succeed.
Pineapple Express is a highly entertaining, offbeat comedy-thriller that has Future Cult Movie written all over it. Recommended.
Apatow's former confidence about not underestimating the intelligence of his audiences seems to have largely disappeared.
No sooner did the woeful Step Brothers suggest Judd Apatow's comedy empire was starting to spread itself thinner than a banana skin under an anvil, he strikes back with this almost-classic.
The first half-hour floats by on a cloud of mildly funny lines ("couscous - the food so nice they named it twice"), but then slumps into a derivative action caper that's weirdly and unappealingly reminiscent of Eighties dross like Beverly Hills Cop.
The theoretically fail-safe team of the writer/actor Seth Rogen and co-writer/ producer Judd Apatow - the Knocked Up duo - deliver a funnybone- clobbering spree with more energy than wit.
This is a Class A comedy about Class B drugs. It has a Rizla-thin plot but Camberwell-carrot sized laughs.
Pineapple Express descends from patchy comedy to decidedly daft action send-up.
Though there are funny one-liners early on, the script becomes increasingly lazy, while the violence which takes over the second half feels as if it belongs to a different picture.
The Freaks And Geeks boys prove that weedy action men are where it's at. Pineapple Express sometimes zones out but mostly blows minds and inspires some delirious giggles. Like the titular grass, really.
As stoner comedies go, it's of a high enough grade for even Cheech & Chong themselves to put it in a Rizla and smoke it.
Pineapple Express has its fair share of laughs, but it's a fundamentally heartless and unlovable minor work from Team Apatow.
Watching this without having got stoned first is like watching a 3D movie without the special glasses. There are a few moderate laughs (and a nice Jude Law gag) but the full-on gory violence is disconcerting and unfunny.
The problem about being hopelessly stoned is that you also become hopelessly boring. So it is here.
More half-baked than Superbad or Knocked Up but still solidly entertaining, if unnecessarily violent, and with a great performance from James Franco.
But there's still time for a gloriously unexpected coda, a moment of quiet reflection and narrative ingenuity that confirms 'Pineapple Express' as the finest comedy of the year.
Fans of David Gordon Green, you may well leave feeling confused. Fans of daft laughs and James Franco, you're in for one of the funniest comedies of the year.
It shouldn't be funny. It has drugs, immature grown men, car chases, guns - even a modern remake of Mary Poppins would get this lot in nowadays. But you'll laugh.
Another winner from the Apatow factory, this is a stoner comedy that soars.
My companions had varying degrees of a good time (from "not" to "more than expected") but I think if you can love these guys, you can dig this violent bromantic action-comedy.
It's pretty pointless, really, but the characters are so engaging that we can't help but fall for them
A rare thing: a stoner comedy where being stoned isn't a requirement to enjoying it.
One might suggest audience members indulge in a little recreational activity before entering the theatre but I'm not sure that will increase your laugh intake all that much. So I'll advise you to just say "maybe."
A warm and fuzzy sendup of Reagan-era action-film iconography, it's sort of like what might happen if Cheech and Chong played Tango and Cash.
Pineapple Express is a mess, but a wonderful one. It's not the ultimate movie about pot that I was expecting, instead it's a great ordinary-man action movie.
Tied together by a performance from Franco that has the misfortune of being familiar and human in the middle of a lot of low-aspiring blarney.
Cheech and Chong meets Scarface.
Despite the "smoking pot" refrain, PE finds a way to charm. These guys really seem to enjoy each others' company and are happy to welcome you into their little group.
... if you are going to have a couple of dumb asses running around like total idiots, you could do a lot worse than Rogen and Franco.
The guns-blazing, body-count-mounting final act is a wasted opportunity -- and not in a good wasted way.
Movie about the high life provides low level of entertainment
Long on concept and short on most everything else except kinetic energy.
Think of it as Lethal Weapon if Martin Riggs dealt pot from their dingy apartment instead of working for the LAPD.
A stoner comedy, an action comedy, an action thriller, a typical Apatovian man-boy opus or a male-bonding romance. The problem is it's not very good at any of these things.
Produced by Judd Apatow and written by Seth Rogen and Evan Goldberg, Pineapple Express serves up a combination of The Big Lebowski, True Romance, and Hot Fuzz.
Never makes more than a surface impression, albeit a fitfully amusing one.
...an above-average contemporary "stoner" comedy.
Watching Pineapple Express is like sitting dead sober in a room with a bunch of stoned people who are laughing uproariously. They're having a great time. You're not.
...stoner humor is primarily funny to people who are stoned.
I can live without the drug murders and chases, but sitting around over breakfast with some new friends makes for a primo comedy, and another crowd-friendly hit for Judd Apatow.
An odd but intermittently pleasing experiment that might lose stoners with its gore and action fans with its glazed, circular weed chat.
The bromance genre is alive and well and it just gave me a pickle craving.
There's a lot less time available to get high than just laying low, for this chemically disoriented pair. Pineapple Express, a mixed bag of assorted fruits and nuts, with doper loons on the lam waiting to inhale.
Sidesplitting, high attrition-rate, S&M slapstick where you get to savor the sight of characters getting tortured to death about five times each, if that's your bag of grass.
Stoner-based or not, good comedy shouldn't need any help from the baggie in your pocket.
Pineapple Express pulls off the amazing trick of elevating the stoner comedy into something resembling art.
The Judd Apatow workshop turns its full attention to recreational drugs and the result is an enjoyable case of reefer madness.
This is not just a movie for potheads.
The uneven comedy had its hilarious moments.
You're in for a mildly entertaining ride through lowbrow slapstick action violence. Just don't ask for a seat in the non-smoking section.
The latest entry in the stoner comedy fray, Pineapple Express, is one of the funniest in that line, raucously and riotously celebrating the genre while making it fresh and modern.
As appealing as the actors are--and as much as I rooted for the movie to come through--too often it didn't. This isn't a bad movie; it just could have been a lot better.
What do you get when you combine such buddy action movies as Lethal Weapon, 48 Hrs. and Midnight Run with hilarious stoner flicks like Half Baked, Friday and How High? The answer is simple - Pineapple Express.
The noisier and bloodier it gets, the more you notice how uninspired the movie is. If you're high, this might not be a problem. But for the rest of us, it's a bit of a drag.
The biggest surprise in the acting department is James Franco, who is very funny as a stoned drug dealer.
Pineapple Express is so filled with verve and wit for much of its running time that it's depressing to watch it devolve into genuine foolishness and borderline incoherence in its final act.
Gore and yucks are not an easy combination to pull off and Team Apatow simply do not have the skills.
If Pineapple Express works at all, it's likely to be for people willing to slip into the diner booth with these fellows and laugh along with them. The rest of us will often feel like we're merely watching a stoned friend have the time of his life.
...has the slightly seedy look of a low-budget '70s film and an uncanny instinct for the way some people think and behave under the influence.
While one would hardly label Pineapple Express a taut action thriller, there are enough fisticuffs, gunplay and explosions to make one suspicious of the film's dubious parentage.
Assuredly the best film yet by the Judd Apatow crew, and probably director David Gordon Green's flimsiest.
...the movie's pure energy and flawless comic timing make it a quality late summer diversion.
If god had a vajoojoo, Judd Apatow and company think it'd taste something like smoking Pineapple Express. There's no question this is ultimately a stoner film, but the ultimate stoner film? Sorta.
At its sharpest, the script by [Seth]Rogen and Evan Goldberg, who co-wrote Superbad, recalls what made Superbad worth seeing: the sidewinding conversational riffs, the why-am-I-laughing? wordplay.
The result is Green's first watchable movie since George Washington -- even if it's ultimately worthless.
The simple storyline plays out as expected in a series of comically violent chase and action scenes skillfully rendered by another independent film director gone mainstream -- David Gordon Green.
This is an endearingly slovenly, profane movie with bursts of startling violence, but it's all played for nyuk-nyuk laughs, and it has been directed with more care than it might initially appear by David Gordon Green.
The plot is as thin as rolling papers and OD's on graphic violence, but the smokin' cast lights up the screen and scores lots of laughs.
Your love of 'Pineapple Express' will largely depend on how funny you find a movie with 85 percent of the jokes based on smoking marijuana.
It's HIGH-larious.
A beneficiary of low expectations
A wild, raucous, and wacky stoner action-comedy about three losers whose scary encounter with death and danger bonds them together in ways none of them could have ever imagined.
In a sense, this harkens back to the "buddy flicks" so rampant in the 1980s, odd-couple outings like 48 HRS. and Midnight Run.
The rapport between Rogen and Franco is immediately charming...more important, it's pretty funny when they're high together.
A film that is at once elegant and sublimely silly.
Never generates any big laughs, and the chase elements are so intentionally cliched they never take on a life of their own.
Imagine Superbad, but with fear of drug-related homicide replacing adolescent sexual panic as the excuse for male bonding, and you won't be too far off.
Divvied up into YouTube lengths, it'd be awesome. Seen as a whole, it comes worryingly close to the feature-length equivalent of Burt Reynolds slapping Dom DeLuise during the end credits to The Cannonball Run.
Much of the silly, half-baked humor is based on the smug idea that watching clumsy stoners being high is amusing but, unless you're joining them, it isn't.
The swath of destruction these boys leave in their wake seems disproportionate to the prevailing mood of dopey fun.
I'm typically not a fan of the wildly popular Judd Apatow/Seth Rogen collaborative efforts but a pitch-perfect performance by James Franco temporarily sways me in the other direction.
It's some of the most hilarious on-screen fight choreography this side of They Live, though in this case, the laughs are intentional.
Judd Apatow, who thinks that coarse language can substitute for humor, is lucky he's got a funny guy in Seth Rogen. The last ten minutes could be the worst ever filmed.
What keeps the film so engagingly off-balance is the mix of perfectly pitched stoner humor and the visceral punch of the genre mixing...
This by turns inspired, goofy and finally weirdly hyper-violent celebration of male bonding and chronic Peter Panism joins such classics as Up in Smoke and the Harold & Kumar oeuvre in its sunny, raunchy acceptance of its own idiocy.
The aesthetic here isn't homaging 80s buddy action movies so much as just making one. It's MIDNIGHT RUN for the 21st century.
The film has the same unexpected, unabashed tenderness as Superbad, but in the absolute last place anyone would ever think of looking: a fast-paced and extremely bloody crime comedy.
Apatow and Green are just throwing whatever they can at the screen, to see what will get either a laugh or a grimace. More likely the latter, since you'll likely leave the theatre wondering if you saw a comedy or a Sam Peckinpah movie.
A comedy that brings a nicely deflating note of realism to action-film mayhem, as well as being one of the few drug movies you don't have to be high to enjoy.
Pineapple has less on its mind than more ambitious movies from producer Judd Apatow's factory (Superbad, Knocked Up), but it's an entertaining little empty-calorie snack if you have the movie munchies.
It's a funny, mostly harmless and entertaining film with a bad case of dry mouth.
The movie is so wayward and fuzzy that, for the unbaked, at least, there's very little pleasure to be had in trying to follow it. The thing is so desultory and aimless that it seems like work to try to laugh at it.
Never much of a scene-stealer before now, the delightful Franco runs away with Pineapple Express.
The movie's too long -- and the violence and mayhem are unexpectedly harsh and heavy -- but Franco's inspired, looped performance is right up there in the annals of reefer filmdom with Jeff Bridges' the Dude in The Big Lebowski.
This one takes the action comedy to places -- irresponsible, violent, and funny -- that it has never been before.
There are many things to like about Pineapple Express, an old-school action-comedy retooled as a stoner goof, but Franco's return to humor is a cause for celebration.
The sloppy script (which Rogen co-wrote) aspires to nothing more than old Cheech and Chong routines, built around frustrating, circuitous conversations.
Frequently hilarious, occasionally sweet and often graphically violent, Pineapple Express may not be the greatest stoner movie ever made, but it will do perfectly well until we get another hit of Harold and Kumar.
Watching good buds riff wears out its welcome after a half hour, and that's where a story really comes in handy. But when Pineapple goes from ganja to genre, it sours.
The funniest stoner movie ever made -- and, so far, the most hilarious comedy of 2008.
You want to like it. You want to give it the benefit of the doubt. But the longer it drags on, the less certain its tone becomes, and the more oppressive the bloodshed gets.
As it shifts genre gears and cranks up the noise, becomes disappointingly sober and self-serious.
This blood-spattered stoner comedy -- the latest from Team Apatow -- is wildly uneven and at times trying. But even a DEA agent would find plenty to laugh at.
It is uneven, overly long, makes utterly no sense -- but still manages to work as stoner escapism with a lot of pretty explosions.
You needn't be a pothead to enjoy Pineapple Express -- the movie; I mean the movie.
This is a movie with more stops and starts than a rural train on a milk run. Specifically, it's an action comedy that has a terrific accelerator but a really annoying brake.
Pineapple Express is mostly what you expect: bonding mechanics that are unsurprising and feebly unrebellious.
Got a problem? Get some ganja. Light up and we laugh. Ha. Ha. Nothing funnier than a bozo with a bong. And to couch such crap in a comedy and pass these characters and their anti-social antics as cool is unconscionable.
Pineapple Express is a fitfully amusing tale of drugs and crooks and general dilapidation, but the more it goes on, and the loopier it gets, the less it connects with experience. It becomes Apatow's hash-bar version of a cynical action joyride.
The film tries to fuse elements from the Harold & Kumar druggie comedies onto the violent buddy comedy-thriller Hot Fuzz. But it seems like the project was rushed into production before the script was even finished.
The movie's a crazy quilt of pot jokes, sarcastic put-downs and pop culture references both obvious and obscure.
Wildly funny and completely inappropriate, Pineapple Express combines ribald, marijuana-fueled comedy with action and violence.
While this R-rated comedy is oh so lite, it also builds to some endearingly goofball conclusions about friendship and maybe, just maybe, responsibility. Though there's a hazy quality to the latter.
Pineapple Express presents viewers with an oxymoronic experience: the action stoner film.
Here's yet another excellent argument for the legalization of marijuana... it will prevent us seeing more movies like this one...
Not only is this one of the more breezily entertaining flicks of the summer, it's also one of the funniest comedies I've had the pleasure to see this year.
How much you enjoy Pineapple Express may depend on what associations (or substances) you bring into the theater with you. As an action comedy, it's just a bad trip.
James Franco's Saul Silver can step into the pantheon of iconic movie stoners joining Sean Penn's Jeff Spicoli and Jeff Bridges's Dude.
Usually, the laughs disappear when the violence starts getting heavy, but Pineapple Express never ceases to bust the audience's guts, even when the characters onscreen are getting shot in theirs.
The surprise is what a mess the picture turns into.
You'd have to be high to think Pineapple Express is anything but a letdown.
Pineapple Express is one of the best comedies of the year, an original and creative mix of very dark humor, feel-good "best friends comedy," and stoner movie.
The film brings to the fore the tacit assumptions of the buddy movie and winds up offering a useful critique of the genre.
Pineapple Express is very funny in spots, but the action keeps sending it off the tracks.
I can't deny that its appeal will increase a hundredfold if you choose to attend in an altered state of some sort.
Another week, another Apatow movie, another story of lame, pot-smoking slackers up to all kinds of hijinks and discovering the true meaning of friendship. Sigh.
...a hit of "Pineapple Express" is just the cure for the dog days of summer.
Wonderfully vulgar, brilliantly performed, and accented with action reminiscent of an '80s buddy film, Pineapple Express is one late summer success.
The result may well be the funniest movie of the year.
Apatow finally changed up his bathroom humor act and resorted to a violent stoner movie, which works quite well! McBride steals the film with his hilarious performance that even outshines Franco's out of whack character.
A stoner film that actually lives up to all the buzz, both in the press and in the audience.
David Gordon Green's hilarious stoner comedy is to action movies what The Big Lebowski was to film noir.
'Pineapple Express' is a stoner comedy for viewers who haven't fried what's left of their gray cells.
The action and comedy mix has never been an easy one to manage, and unfortunately Pineapple Express fails in that respect almost completely.
Begins as a been-there-done-that stoner romp before turning into an outlandishly silly and graphically violent action-thriller. The tone may be schizophrenic, but the sheer, unabashed showmanship of the whole thing warrants praising.
At last, a Judd Apatow production worth memorizing.
Spider-Man couldn't do it, but PE will make a movie star out of James Franco. The stoned Laurel and Hardy of our time are set for a huge franchise.
Can stoners alone propel Pineapple to box office success? After all, a couple movie tickets is a few less ounces of that sticky icky.
The story is designed to meander, but Green keeps the pace strong, building to an extended slapstick finale.
The movie is a chaotic mess, but, munchies in hand, go with it.
Climaxing with a Donneresque sock-em conclusion, complete with massive gunfire, Korean hitmen, and Daewoo finishing moves, Express has just enough gas in the tank to arrive at its final destination with a sufficient level of fogged goodwill
Franco seizes the opportunity to reinvent himself after a series of bland turns in misbegotten star vehicles.
Funny enough to make a hardened movie critic fall forward and spit on people sitting in front of him.
The new film is more disciplined and less scattershot than Apatow's previous films -- and slightly less funny, too. But only slightly.
More tourist than first class...but the chemistry between Rogen and Franco insures that, as drug trips go, this one isn't bad.
Not since 'Pulp Fiction' plunged a needle in the heart of an overdose victim has drug comedy met drug violence with the pop of 'Pineapple Express.'
Pineapple Express is dopey fun with its pot jokes and lowbrow humor, and the film's target audience should walk away feeling pretty high about this crazy action comedy
Rogen, Franco and McBride are on the march into stoner legend.
The humor in this movie is smart enough that even a moderate level of intoxication or inebriation is not necessary to enjoy it.
An uneven but entertaining action-comedy that answers a question you've probably never asked: What if someone gave Cheech and Chong a shot of testosterone and a couple of Uzis?
Pineapple Express is the unlikeliest comedy of the summer. It's also going to be one of the best-loved.
Murder, marijuana and mayhem. Good times to the max, bro.
Sure, you'll laugh. It's funny. But your memories soon will be fuzzy, a little out of whack, and the next thing you'll know you'll have eaten an entire bag of Doritos. Or at least wish you had.
Guys, you're asking us to swallow a pot farce, a buddy thriller, an action parody, and a touching tale of two men on the run? You must be high.
You don't have to be in an altered state to appreciate the ludicrous humor. The laughs -- mostly crude, profane and drug-addled -- are almost non-stop.
Pineapple Express is the answer to the question, 'What would happen if a movie like this was made by a great director?'
Maybe I'd have thought this buddy-action-comedy was funnier and more exciting if I were as baked as its two heroes.
This is a mightily strange movie, at times very funny; I can certainly recommend it to those who are curious about it. Those who can't stand being around stoners may like it less.
While the pot comedy genre has strived more on memorable characters (Spicoli, Cheech & Chong, Harold & Kumar) than memorable movies, Pineapple Express is the rare exception.
Despite its rusty mechanics and hodgepodge of tones, Pineapple Express convincingly imitates the mode of Midnight Run: on-the-run odd-couple comedy with gunplay and car chases.
An endearingly disjointed film that is funny despite fighting a losing battle with coherence.
Bong-breakingly funny and sparkling with tasty one-liners, Pineapple Express is another dizzying trip through the shenanigans that solidify friendship between dudes.
Pineapple Express is never really focused - that's not exactly the right word for a drug comedy. But Apatow and company certainly ensure it's a lot of fun.
Even though I think the movie gets bogged down with too many pot smoking scenes, stoners are going to think it's the Holy Grail. I laughed quite a bit, but I just wish the film was a little more focused.
As for Gary Cole's menacing bossman, he's a hemp-ty suit, a walking life lesson that, um, 'People who live in grass houses should not throw stoners.'
Pore Judd is daid.
Green naturally has a sure hand when it comes to the dialogue and the smaller moments -- it's his big, violent set pieces that lack any discernible pizazz.
It's empty and formulaic, with plotting that's lazy even by stoner-comedy standards. Without all the yuck-o sight gags, it would be a huge bummer.
You aren't laughing much, but it's bearable.
This is the kind of film that relies on its audience to find four letter words funny. I guess being stoned would help.
The cast delivers, Green's direction is adequate, and the script is, I suppose, adequate. Adequate. That's a pretty good description for what's going on here.
Pineapple Express draws on stylistic and plot elements from '70s martial arts movies, shock horror films, and Tarantino set pieces to generate a new type of irreverent comic cinema in touch with the candid loyalty of a new generation.
Invariably, you may find yourself stopping to wonder whether what you just laughed at was actually funny, and that's a good way to kill any comedy right there.
Forget the puff-puff. Pass on this protracted, problematic comedy with Hot Fuzz aspirations in which neither Seth Rogen nor the grim, leaden violence is much fun at all. James Franco, Danny McBride and Craig Robinson at least salvage the film.
Probably the most artful of the Apatow Factory comedies, but don't worry: It takes being sweetly dumb just as seriously as the rest.
Adding another funny panel to his work, Apatow's wild blend of comedy, action (and dope) has other merits, showing that indie helmer Green can handle mainstream fare and displaying hilarious facets of McBride and James Franco.
Even if you wouldn't know weed from green wool, Pineapple Express works as a fast-paced buddy comedy with lots of laughs and a few hilariously unpleasant surprises.
While its genre-blurring may seem audacious by studio standards, in the end, Pineapple Express still feels too safe, too constrained by buddy-comedy uplift, to have any real bite.
A drug-fueled caper that doesn't stint on chronically loopy characters and ridiculously funny situations.
Pineapple Express is just damn funny.




@highlight

Both funny and scatter shot, this loose-knit action/buddy/stoner comedy bridges genres and keeps a steady tempo of low ball laughs.