[A] queasily compelling documentary.
Often hilarious, poignant and fascinating, The Dog is as entertaining as movies (in any genre or form) get, telling a true story that is far stranger anything a screenwriter could cook up.
It's comprehensive, but that doesn't make it complete.
John Wojtowicz, filmed over a 10-year period before his death, is the star of his own show. A very flamboyant character, he talks about the loves of his life, and there were many, heterosexual, homosexual and transgendered.
"The Dog" is insanely, endlessly watchable, a compelling human-interest documentary and a riveting true-crime exploration all in one.
At its best when Wojtowicz is unleashed
Dubious fame, but without shame
Questions of identity reverberate through The Dog, a documentary by Allison Berg and Frank Keraudren that chronicles Wojtowicz's storied and terribly sad life.
There's surprising tenderness amid the tendencies to teeming madness.
As entertaining as its central subject.
A fascinating cross-section of the personal and political.
Any thought that Al Pacino overacts in 'Dog Day Afternoon' is instantly banished by the screen presence of the gleefully crude and unrepentant real-life Wojtowicz, a leering and self-promoting Priapus.
The movie feels like life: You'll see something about you, and everyone you know, in every frame.
As the moving, sad, riotously humorous documentary "The Dog" explains, the film only captures traces of Wojtowicz's personality, and only tells bits of his story.
There's a brashness to this documentary that sneaks up on you.
Try as you may, however, you can't turn away from this obscure footnote in pop culture history, even at his most aggravating. It's that twisted thing we call celebrity.
Whatever parts truth or delusion or braggadocio, 'The Dog' is an irresistible picture of the man, the place and the times.
A rich dessert served in a slightly too-hearty portion size, The Dog flirts with deeper truths about lives surrendered to the pursuit of fame but never totally punches through.
Wojtowicz is a publicity slut, plain and simple, but that's clearly the darker side of this relatively even-tempered and rather unobjectionable documentary because it highlights the beginning of a modern phenomenon.
I'd recommend The Dog for the quotability factor alone. "I'm like Babe Ruth," Wojtowicz brags. "But I'm the gay Babe Ruth."
As a fascinating pop culture artifact, this film is hard to beat.
The documentary, directed by Allison Berg and Frank Keraudren, is the study of a man in love with his own legend.
Sidney Lumet's Oscar-winning Dog Day Afternoon was based on a true story - and John Wojtowicz doesn't even try to hide his glee in sharing every juicy, crazed detail in revealing documentary, The Dog.
The result does justice to their subject's foul-mouthed charm and braggadocio.
In numerous interviews that careen from profane braggadocio to tender reminiscence, the lustily bisexual Wojtowicz comes across as almost bizarrely self-satisfied.
The film keeps you riveted, yet its achievement is finally more humanistic than cinematic.
[A] portrait of a man who emerges as much more than the flamboyant character Pacino brought to life.
You simply couldn't find a better subject for a movie than this inscrutable man, full of contradictions.
As entertaining as The Dog is, it never quite convinces that its bullet-point review of Wojtowicz's sexual exploits is necessary or that its subject merits the level of attention afforded to him.
As he sits there regaling tales of his youth ... insulting everyone who ever gave him the time of day, and trying to eke fame and money out of an illegal act, I found him a deeply uncomfortable watch.
It'll leave you alternately amused and slack-jawed in astonishment.
"The Dog" is the story behind the familiar story of "Dog Day Afternoon" and it answers any and all questions about the man and his motivations.
What's left of Wojtowicz is merely a story of one day in his lifetime, and maybe that was good enough for him.
Wojtowicz is quite the character and whether one views him as a criminal or an altruist, he's a unique host (who often tries to direct his own segments)...a fascinating look at one of New York City's most notorious and unlikely personalities.
"The Dog" is a humbly extraordinary film.
Outrageous, funny and sad.
A thoroughly absorbing examination of a bizarre - and possibly delusional - personality.
The film is a real "whew"-factor yarn, a hearty soup of thick accents, bold personalities and complicated motives, with an unmistakable taste of charismatic, ornery American hedonism.
The Dog is a funny, bizarre and wholly entertaining account of John Wojtowicz's strange life.
As a portrait of a life lived strangely-and if you asked its subject, perfectly, with no regrets-The Dog is charming.
Part of what makes Mr. Wojtowicz such a fascinating character is that he seemed to rotate identities as easily as other people change socks, and without angst.
The film is loose and sloppy, sometimes overreaching, just like [John] Wojtowicz.
Keraudren's documentary fills in many fascinating details of Wojtowicz's life ...
Directors Allison Berg and Frank Keraudren fill "The Dog" with terrific archival footage that captures the feel, look and sound of a bygone, character-filled era.
For all its eye-opening material, The Dog still feels unfinished, but for students of New York scuzziness, it's an essential addition.
What makes The Dog so compelling isn't Wojtowicz's cinematic imprint but the place in history that was very likely denied him by chance and his own irascibility.
It's informed with a subtle but disquieting subtext that insists on the pitfalls of allowing ideology to steer you away from common sense.
[Wojtowicz] may be crazy and full of himself, but his magnetism is hypnotic, and it makes this modest documentary a delight from start to finish.
Working as both an unofficial Dog Day sequel and unconventional overview of New York gay culture from the past 40 years, The Dog combines archival footage, still photographs, and testaments from many of those who knew Wojtowicz well.
How often Hollywood embellishes. How rare, then, to find a documentary like The Dog, in which we discover that, if anything, Sidney Lumet's Dog Day Afternoon left out much of the incredible story behind its 1972 hostage crisis.
Vintage material and first-hand accounts add to engaging expansion on the true-crime tale.
The true story behind Dog Day Afternoon is fascinating fodder for a documentary, but The Dog squanders this by letting its sociopath subject run the show.
Makes for very entertaining viewing, though it hardly feels necessary.
An unexpurgated blast of gay 1970s New York

@highlight

Fascinating, evocative, and as unconventional as its subject, The Dog offers a colorful window into the real-life story behind a classic film.