Serves up super-geniuses who act so idiotic you want to throw things at the screen.
The film is essentially a far-fetched, sometimes muddled, cautionary tale about mankind being taken over by the machines that they themselves have created, albeit with the best of intentions.
Transcendence is just a mess, and a big dumb one to boot.
What Transcendence tried to do was make us see things in a new light, when instead it only illuminated the faults of the idea.
A love story with the most cheesy premise of a worn Hallmark card, like "my love will be the drop that waters the flower of your life" or something. [Full review in Spanish]
Well-made but just a bit muddy, Transcendence doesn't reach its goal height but looks good trying.
There's no surprise here; no nuance. And without any understanding of its subject matter or any interest in making others understand, either, Transcendence gives you very little reason to care.
Pfister and Paglen are going for emotional intimacy, but they forgot to add enough shading to their ensemble to land any kind of punch.
Transcendence's intellectual reach exceeds its grasp.
It's not just that Depp's character isn't very present, Hall's Evelyn becomes increasingly insipid when her character should be the story's grounding point.
Pfister manages to put up one eye-catching image after another, yet never engages us for more than a moment.
Best-ever depictions of artificial intelligence in the movies: the cyborgs and androids of 'Blade Runner.' Transcend 'Transcendence' by watching 'Blade Runner' on Blu-ray.
Although it may look like a Nolan film from the distance of the trailers, it doesn't walk or talk like one, regardless of how many gentle speeches Morgan Freeman gives.
"Transcendence" gets an "A" for effort, competently melding art-film visual flourishes with a surprisingly intricate story and some pleasing performances.
Transcendence becomes weirdly successful as a sort of cockeyed analogy for the gospel and the painful, tragic, violent beauty of the Incarnation and Christ's crucifixion.
This would all fit better in a Wired op-ed than in a movie.
[Transcendence] is more than just a big budget version of Siri Goes Wild.
At once both convoluted and shallow, something like a feature movie version of a Wired sidebar, and just about as fleet-footed.
Pfister seems afraid to recognize the humor inherent in a story that requires Johnny Depp to become a grim sort of Max Headroom...
It is not only a bad film, it is a rather boring film.
Just think of junk like "Lawnmower Man," and "The Mangler 2," and you pretty much sum up what director Wally Pfister tries to pass off as a sophisticated techno-thriller.
Ambitious, but poorly realized, "Transcendence" is a movie with forward-thinking ideas that fails to gel as a narrative.
While Transcendence starts out with a fascinating premise, it loses its way pretty quickly by turning into a sappy and ultimately silly film that isn't able to capitalize on the lofty ideas contained within.
Parece não fazer a menor ideia acerca das ideias que pretende defender, dos conceitos que quer apresentar ou mesmo da natureza de seus próprios personagens.
With its overriding fears of artificial intelligence and technology in general, "Transcendence" feels like it was made at least 15 years too late.
"'Transcendence' winds up being in the position of being the first - but certainly not the last - big disappointment of the 2014 Summer Movie Season."
Transcendence neither thrills nor illuminates. In fact in many respects it is downright cowardly in its failure to pursue its many themes, with threads of ideas never woven into a whole.
The movie is rhythmless, shapeless, and, with the exception of a few shots, cheesy-looking.
Here's yet another example of a high-concept mega-movie that appears to have gone into production a draft or two too early.
It is streets ahead of most of what we get that is labeled science fiction. It's intelligent. It explains its premise -- within reason. Its dialogue isn't chuckleheaded.
Nevertheless, Transcendence is superior to most other sci-fi films these days; it's briskly paced, consummately made and never boring. Puzzling and occasionally challenging it may be, but it's made with style and imagination.
Transcendence is a film where, when the world's first ever human brain upload doesn't work, the people responsible fix it by turning the computer off and on again.
With a script as loopy as this one, it pays to cast intelligent-looking actors. They can delude you into feeling as if you're watching something interesting.
With actors this good, we'll go almost anywhere, even unto that silliness.
built on a set of intriguing moral and ethical conundrums involving our relationship with rapidly evolving computer technology, but it finds virtually no dramatic traction
A relatively entertaining way to upload your consciousness for 119 minutes.
Transcendence is a movie without villains, thrills or, after Nolan fanboys show up, much of an audience.
What an empty and misguided movie this is.
[A] pallid and self-serious genre trifle.
A genuine artificial intelligence would've completely redesigned this film.
Anyone with a fondness for broad canvas, ideas-heavy sci-fi should ignore the negative scuttle and give Transcendence the benefit of the doubt.
...no doubt there's an interesting movie to be plotted along [these] lines. But for all its pretension, Transcendence isn't it. It's just a big dumb popcorn muncher.
Far too slow-paced to work as a thriller and too shallow to properly challenge us as science fiction, this film is unlikely to please many audience members.
...a misguided failure that hardly bodes well for Pfister's directorial career.
A lighter touch could have produced campy, B-movie pleasures from the material, but Pfister's solemn approach drains the fun from the film. And a miscast Depp, his star wattage surprisingly dimmed, fails to supply the missing spark.
Depp used to be the most reliable actor in Hollywood. Not anymore.
What should have been a brain in a vat just became a brain in a blender.
A giant third-act bellyflop isn't quite enough to spoil it totally.
An ambitious, old fashioned, ideas-driven science fiction film that is never as mind-expanding as its futuristic images and topical, dystopian ideas seem to promise.
An A-list cast and talented filmmaker are wasted on a B-Movie script with pretentions of prescience.
Unfortunately, it ends up playing like Max Headroom Conquers the Universe.
Despite boasting a seemingly ripe filmmaker working with proven actors, the result feels more like a bigger budgeted yet disappointing episode of The Outer Limits.
An intriguing concept that devolves into a somewhat silly adventure tale, 'Transcendence' is overly long and contrived.
As a thriller set in the genuinely fascinating world of Artificial Intelligence, it is a disappointment.
With this cast and these ideas, Transcendence is enjoyable but a missed opportunity.
Pfister should be applauded for making a non-franchise property with ideas and aspirations but Transcendence is nowhere near as grand as its title. Gleaming visuals aside, it's a disappointment.
Remember when paycheck-hungry actors were accused of phoning in a performance? Johnny Depp spins that for millennials in Transcendence by Skpying in his performance.
This is like a heavy-handed and humourless version of Spike Jonze's postmodern comedy Her, mulched in with the old sci-fi novel Donovan's Brain, about keeping someone's brain alive in a tank.
Transcendence is a sci-fi movie that should be daft fun but is, disappointedly, plodding and dull.
Pfister's experience shows in that the film is beautifully arranged; unfortunately, that's the best thing about it.
The only part of [Depp] still genuinely dynamic is his hair. I'm worried.
Transcendence borrows ideas from so many sci-fi sources it turns into a messy cinematic stew that fails to deliver its own unique flavor.
The worst, most portentous, and certainly the silliest big-budget science fiction film since the 2008 Keanu Reeves remake of The Day the Earth Stood Still.
Look, I think it goes so over the top... There are so many twists and turns too. But, look, basically I think this is an entertainment.
The irony for Depp is that the better he is in the role the more thankless it becomes.
The strangest thing about Paglen's script is how out of step it feels with modern technology - it could have been lingering in a drawer since the mid-'90s, so outmoded is its tone.
Unfortunately, this excellent set-up is squandered in a miasma of truly, frustratingly obtuse plot holes and ludicrous gaps in logic.
A decade late and a dongle short.
The performances are fine, as one would expect with this cast, but the writing and sadly the directing in "Transcendence" lacked the vision or coherence necessary to make such a high-concept film fly.
'Transcendence' seems to be simultaneously making a case for and against technology, and while this level of ambiguity can be compelling in a good movie, in a lousy one it just winds up being frustrating.
When it's all over, you will turn on your iPhone and ask Siri to find you a good restaurant for a bite to eat near the theater. And you will have learned nothing.
Rebecca Hall['s] impersonation of grief and a crumbling psyche is by far the most film's most human aspect.
Transcendence aspires to be a philosophical rumination about the future of artificial intelligence, but it's really just an exercise in superficial intelligence.
A techno-thriller that systematically squanders an interesting concept. Overstuffed but underdeveloped, it mistakes serial incident for dramatic connection.
"Transcendence" is a moronic stew of competing impulses - bad science meets bad sociology meets bad theology ...
Depending on how the next few decades unfold, people will look back at Transcendence as either a prophetic or surreal piece of filmmaking.
Did Nolan choose Transcendence for Pfister as his very own Springtime for Hitler?
The ending fails to pack an emotional punch. But Pfister and Paglen have come up with something unusual - a sci-fi blockbuster that's genuinely surprising.
Never transcends into anything much.
Fascinating as it is, Jack goes too far and builds a scenario that plays like a cross between mystical and magical, diluting the film's provenance
has all the audacity of Christopher Nolan's Inception, without the credibility ... ends up as a jumble of style over substance, leaving us feeling hoodwinked,"
While there are hints of interesting ideas lurking along the narrative's periphery, the implausible leaps in logic, inept plotting and sloppy sense of time and scope defeat any opportunity for impact.
Although slow-moving and confusing at times, 'Transcendence' impressed me as a haunting, thought-provoking film.
It's a woefully imperfect movie, but it does look ahead to some brilliant concepts.
Muddled, simplistic, highly derivative thriller that's filled with techno-babble and turns out to be terminally boring.
...in mounting his feature directorial debut, Transcendence, Pfister has chosen to tackle familiarity head on, carving out a new arena for himself while rigging the grounds with pitfalls at every step.
... a muddled science-fiction drama that winds up feeling just artificial instead of intelligent.
Transcendence continually reaches for big ideas. It has a go-for-broke ambition that may mark it as ahead of its time.
Transcendence has some astounding cinematography, but it lacks a heartfelt performance from anyone in the cast. It's like a chunky puree of The Lawnmower Man, Invasion of the Body Snatchers, and the ending to The World's End.
Johnny Depp proves he is no Her as his artificial-intelligence film fails to provoke thought or feeling.
...an intelligent, complex movie about artificial intelligence that delves deep into some of the issues the overrated Her only touched on.
A downright boring motion picture that turns a pretty fun concept into nothing more than a progression of disjointed, academic plot points.
Transcendence is an engaging enough "What if?" that happily reminded me of days spent curled up with a good Michael Crichton book.
Dark, pretentious sci-fi thriller tackles big questions.
Transcendence is full of enough intriguing ideas about the future and humanity's relationship with technology to overlook some of the film's tonal and narrative hiccups.
One of those "control technology or it will control you" sermons that nonetheless enlists the usual heap of technically advanced special effects.
In a way, the relatively balanced approach that Transcendence takes to its subject matter is the most interesting thing about it.
More than 40 years after 'Colossus: The Forbin Project,' they couldn't come up with something better than this?
They must've titled this movie with total irony, because Transcendence stumbles hard in its attempt to rise above.
A technology run amok flick about artificial intelligence that isn't intelligent -- artificial or otherwise.
Transcendence doesn't induce paranoia, wonder, or suspense. It's the most incurious film you could make about something as simultaneously preposterous and promising as Johnny Depp the Internet.
A muddled look at the perils of artificial intelligence
The script by first-time screenwriter Jack Paglen is so full of half-explained cyber-nonsense and wheezy, kneejerk man-vs.-technology clichés, it borders on the ludicrous.
For a movie looking to raise a clenched fist against technology, Transcendence feels more like a limp handshake with the devil.
What is an initially imaginative and thought-provoking concept, instead sings the same chorus of super technology as super evil we've seen many times before.
Moderately entertaining, periodically draggy.
The poster for the film begs for a counter-punch: printed over a gloomy close-up of Depp there is the warning, "Yesterday Dr. Will Caster Was Only Human." To which we might add, "And the Day Before Johnny Depp was an Actor."
The neo-luddite attitude is bad enough, but the movie commits a far worse sin: it's dull. If only it worked as a schlocky pile of pulp nonsense, that'd be something...
Uh, no.
Transcendence is alternately thoughtful and theatrical in too many of the wrong places, as its tale of artificial intelligence gone wrong offers an intriguing, cerebral thriller that lacks the necessary jolt of energy to make it fully compelling.
If Will's goal was for PINN to also experience the full range of human emotions, he failed, for Depp's performance here is cold and robotic.
Depressingly inert. A sad waste of talent.
The whole of "Transcendence" feels more in tune with computers than it does with people. It has some intelligence of the artificial kind, but it could have used some heart.
That the idea isn't new - rather, a rite of passage for HAL-9000, Data and every droid since - may be a demerit, but at least there is an idea.
As a human tragedy of man and monster, of beauty and beast, it has just enough genuine pathos that you wish it were better.
I've always maintained that even the best actors cannot bring life to dead writing. And dead this writing is --- it couldn't be more plodding in its action and narrative.
"Transcendence" is too slow, too technical and ultimately boring.
Pfister proves to be as clever a storyteller as he is a painter of moving pictures.
Depp appears mostly from the waist-up on a computer screen, mumbling in a monotone voice that would lull a cup of coffee to sleep.
...possesses a lot of the same handsome camera work that seamlessly melded with special-effects in Nolan's "Inception" for which Pfister won the Oscar. It is the story and in particular the film's closing act that lets the entire production down.
The Lawnmower Man, Max Headroom and Johnny Depp walk into a bar. They get drunk and decide to make a movie.
The picture doesn't stake out any new genre territory, but it has a warm emotional core-it's really a love story.
Bad, but not uninteresting.
The only truly transcendent element of the film is how Johnny Depp, now 50 years old, transcends all signs of aging!
Transcendence is what Her would be like if Her were made by idiots.
Doesn't transcend the trappings and pitfalls of the genre.(Full Content Review for Parents also Available)
Trolls in the waters of both Philip K. Dick and William S. Gibson (without ever really getting a solid bite).
The directorial debut for ace cinematographer Wally Pfister is always watchable, but the narrative flaws and logical leaps sabotage sustained enjoyment. "Transcendence" looks and sounds like a Christopher Nolan film that got attacked by malware.
The question of whether we're too tied to technology and when or if it will prove our downfall is undoubtedly important and probably somewhat pressing. It certainly deserves a better movie than "Transcendence."
Soon the worlds of technology and humanity collide - super-medicine, super-intelligence, super-ecosystems, super-confusing!
Lost in the land of mind over matter, Transcendence is too much trance and not nearly enough dance.
Transcendence is a movie that sneaks up on you.
The heartbeat of "Transcendence" comes from solid performances in the leading roles.
A throwback to the fear-mongering science fiction of the past...the lab-bound likes of The Andromeda Strain and Demon Seed, circa the paranoid '70s.
Every idea with potential is raised in the first act of Transcendence, never to be heard from again.
"Transcendence" takes itself so seriously that it's absolutely no fun at all. And while the central concept is initially intriguing, it takes forever to go nowhere very interesting.
Bold, beautiful, sometimes confounding flight of futuristic speculation firmly rooted in the potential of today's technology.
It's the simple boy-girl connection between the popularly quirky Depp and the always lovely Hall that holds it all together.
Barely scratches the surface of the fascinating moral and scientific questions it hints at.
An ambitious and provocative piece of work that is intriguingly balanced between being a warning and a celebration.
Present-tense future shock that mashes up an unholy hybrid of movies past and clichés everlasting, notably "The Lawnmower Man" and "An Inconvenient Truth."
Transcendence is fairly ridiculous, but some may prefer its grand, loopy ambition to the small-minded sameness of so many futuristic thrillers.
Transcendence is a big-idea movie, the kind to cause spontaneous salivation in science-fiction fans. But big ideas don't always fit neatly onto the big screen.
Unfortunately, it takes more than grand concepts to make a movie and the lack of cinematic connective tissue is apparent in this poorly focused, meandering, and ultimately disappointing film.
We know, more or less, where this is all leading, so there's very little suspense. And the consideration of the genuinely fascinating ideas buried inside "Transcendence" is facile and fear-mongering.
Samantha infected by Heartbleed.
A dark, lurchingly entertaining pastiche of age-old worries, future-shock jolts, hot-button topics and old-fashioned genre thrills.
Includes some genuine chemistry between Depp and Hall, which puts heart and soul into this machine.
Transcendence has hints of a richly complex story, but too often feels content just dumping the pieces of its puzzle out on the table without doing much assembly - or even making sure all the pieces are even there.
In his first film as director, acclaimed cinematographer Wally Pfister (The Dark Knight Rises, Inception) has made a movie that predictably looks good but has little substance beneath its shiny, digitally enhanced surface.
This is little more than a Lawnmower Man redux, mowing its way through maudlin metaphysics and moral manure.
How can you tell a movie is the directorial debut of a renowned cinematographer? When everything's interesting to look at except the performances.
In his first, and likely last, outing as a director, cinematographer Wally Pfister delivers a garbled, dispiriting, pseudo-cerebral non-thriller.
While it dresses up its designs in fancy high tech speak and struggles to find a way to make its often distant and unexplained characters likeable, it's still just a routine genre take on the old "man playing God" concept.
We may spend years mulling over the source of Transcendence's missteps and shortcomings. Then again, we might casually forget the film ever existed a month after its release.
It's a good thing this movie isn't called "Coherence."
A sci-fi thriller that is carried into our consciousness by Rebecca Hall's heartfelt and nuanced performance.
Ambitious to a fault, this cautionary fantasy about artificial intelligence has so much on its muddled mind, and so little sense of dramatic grounding, that it grows ever more preposterous before lurching to a climax that's utterly unfathomable.
It had an unsatisfying ending, but a popcorn movie that seems genuinely curious and asks interesting questions about the world is rare and wonderful enough that I don't care nearly as much about the answers.
A far-fetched, futuristic snooze-fest that often defies its own logic. Characters' motivations are rarely clear, and allegiances shift with no explanation.
If you programmed an algorithm to figure out how The Lawnmower Man might be retold by Snake Plissken at the conclusion of Escape from L.A., you'd still wind up with a more recognizably human effort.
Transcendence wants to leave itself open to interpretation but it does so in the laziest way possible; by leaving every option on the table and forgetting that without choice there are no consequences and without consequence there is no meaning.
Transcendence wants [...] to comment meaningfully on our current interconnectedness and inorganic lifestyle, but it's screaming too much to have that conversation.
Transcendence can't quite decide what it wants to say about individualism and the Internet, or about true love between a woman and a digitally Xeroxed man.
Transcendence's main problem is that it feels like a film made by a computer -- it knows where all the beats and breaks of an action film have to go, but doesn't know why, exactly ...
Drags science fiction back to the Cold War era, if not the Stone Age.
Aside from a few scenes where he's walking around in a suit, Depp could have shot in his living room while instant-messaging his agent about the next Pirates of the Caribbean movie.
Even when ensconced in a traditional shoot-'em-up, the film still kicks around some heady ideas. If only there were some underlying momentum to energize such poetic, intellectual flourishes.
Transcendence can only muster a sloppy, dull, inept watch that refuses to present a single exciting idea about man's inevitable technological self-destruction - despite Wally Pfister's eye for visual beauty.
Dr. Frankenstein, I presume. Move over, Max Headroom.
A bright idea, disappointingly dulled in the execution.
It isn't a terrible movie, just a frustrating one that is far from transcendent.
The real trouble with "Transcendence" is that it just isn't all that scary - at least not in the way that it wants to be.
"Transcendence" is an ambitious movie, but ultimately there's too much "artificial" and not enough "intelligence."
It's fine to want to explore and just sort of kick ideas around. Too often, though, the movie doesn't feel ambiguous or complicated, merely muddled and wishy-washy.
Often a striking visual experience [but] little more than a modern Luddite fable so puerile in conception that it rivals 'V for Vendetta' in lack of intellectual depth.
...a good approximation of Johnny Depp's career - an intriguing premise gives way to an artificiality that, if not entirely devoid of intelligence, fails to spark intellectual curiosity. He needs a reboot.
Transcendence is the kind of film whose characters speak only in grand, declarative statements about the nature of reality but never give us an inkling about who they are or why we should care.
Glacially paced endeavor that's miscast and mopey, abandoning intriguing ideas on the suction of omnipresent technology to conjure a pedestrian love story that features the occasional blip of suspense.
It's the old story, I'm afraid: the essential boringness of omnipotence as a plot device.
For all of its big ideas ... Transcendence ends up lacking when it comes to translating them into a compelling story.
The film will either grip or bore one to tears, depending on a tolerance for speculative babble.
It's entertaining enough. But the premise promised so much more.
After an intriguing start, "Transcendence" - aka "The Computer Wore Johnny Depp's Tennis Shoes" - offers roughly the same level of excitement as listening to hold music during a call to tech support.
Clever ideas early on go rogue, or go missing, in the gallop toward an action-film climax that then, perversely, doesn't materialize. The movie's intelligence is artificial, its affect solemn.
The film rages, dully and impotently, against a future that has more or less already arrived.
"Transcendence" never grapples with the concepts it introduces, sticking to an absolute-genius-corrupts-absolutely plot that was old back in the first season of "Star Trek," and ending with a muffled whimper.
"Transcendence" traffics in a lot of interesting ideas, but does so in unoriginal ways.
Tosses out some intriguing ideas, and then spends the next two hours completely squandering them.
"Transcendence" is much too lofty a title for a film that is rarely, if ever, transcendent.
Ultimately, the film is a missed opportunity; long on ideas and short on execution.
While its discussions about supercomputers, transcendence and god complexes send red flags flying about the near future, the story's mainframe is faultily wired and in need of repair.
It shows little interest in exploring the potentially tricky benefits of a computer-enhanced intellect; it's not even in the enjoyable realm of starkly ridiculous Cold War thrillers like Colossus: The Forbin Project.
An intriguing start quickly plummets into a goofy sci-fi thriller, never rising from its traditional roots.
In moving between the smaller story of tragic lovers and a greater fable about the dangers of playing God, Pfister's film jackknifes jarringly, with characters inexplicably switching allegiances and fundamentally flipping their ideals halfway through.
Transcendence is a movie that's of two minds. It's well-grounded, but also over the top. It's a man-vs.-machine epic and also an intimate drama. It's quirky-smart yet sci-fi silly. And it winds up being half as good as it could be.
Wally Pfister's film tries to ask big questions but isn't smart enough to answer them.
It's not a horrible premise for a movie, but the execution is exceedingly trite and sloppy.
Pretty damned bad, and another example of 2014 CG used to animate 1974's science fiction ideas.
If you squint, you can almost see the layered, poignant blockbuster that Transcendence wanted to be.
What fresh hell is this?
In spite of its many assorted plot-holes, "Transcendence" is a captivating sci-fi movie, thanks to strong performances by a stable of reliable actors.
Transcendence strains to create the kind of brainy science-fiction adventure that Christopher Nolan pulled off in the more phantasmagoric and lyrical Inception.
Any momentum is swallowed up by its failed attempts at being smarter than everyone in the room, which isn't exactly a good way to keep an audience invested.
Depp doesn't suggest higher intelligence. Perhaps because he hasn't had to in decades.
"Transcendence" is clunky and lifeless. It's like the movie version of a paranoid TED talk.
'Transcendence' lets narrative inertia fill in where the screenplay doesn't.
"Transcendance" offers a keen look at the dangers of relying too heavily on computers for interacting with society.
"Transcendence" is a most curious name for a movie that never shakes free from those hoary old cliches about the evils of technology and the danger by which man plays at becoming a god.
For all its chilly, overdone paranoia about the dangers of unchecked technological advancement, "Transcendence" works better as a subtly mournful love story.
'Transcendence' is a stiff, but one that is produced with enough polish that it almost successfully disguises its true nature.
A sleek, smart techno-thriller loaded with interesting ideas - until it stops being any of those things.

@highlight

In his directorial debut, ace cinematographer Wally Pfister remains a distinctive visual stylist, but Transcendence 's thought-provoking themes exceed the movie's narrative grasp.