"Tim and Eric's Billion Dollar Movie" - I deserve a billion dollars for sitting through it!
Tim and Eric are more tolerable in small doses. When they try to stretch their shenanigans to a feature-length format, the results are even more nonsensical-and even more antagonistic.
If you're one of the many who just don't think [Tim and Eric are] very funny, there's little here that will change that opinion.
a strange cross between Get Shorty and Office Space, yet having its own unique flavor
Everything about this amateurishly made unpleasant gross-out comedy stinks and is degrading.
One of the worst movies I've ever seen.
I laughed, and frequently. There are also images I can now never forget, and kind of want to. Is this what it was like for all those people I introduced, kicking and screaming, to Aqua Teen Hunger Force?
Very weird fun.
As co-directors, [Wareheim and Heidecker] handle the rhythm well and smoothly integrate their trademark 'clip comedy'.
A nauseating child's nightmare of Sisyphean despair.
Maybe I'm missing the joke. Hell, maybe I'm the punch line, since I couldn't find any good ones in this borderline unwatchable motion picture.
Various articles describe Tim and Eric's style as 'avant garde' but we remain unconvinced.
At one point, a character says: "Let the brown foaming mess wash all over you." Whatever you are imagining happening at this juncture, I promise you it's worse.
An unapologetically fan-only experience that might have found more success as a series of YouTube clips than a fully-fledged 94-minute movie.
If the film is intended as a viciously satirical jab at Hollywood gentrification, it certainly hits its mark. It just isn't at all enjoyable to watch.
Not nearly as endearing, nor as funny, as Tim and Eric Awesome Show, Great Job, Billion Dollar Movie is likely to become a cult hit, but nothing more.
It's all too appropriate that this thing is narrated by Michael Gross.
About as funny as discovering that you have cancer, AIDS and a brain tumor all on the same day.
"Billion Dollar Movie" is proof positive that having friends is a lot more important than having talent in Hollywood.
Tim and Eric were reportedly gleeful at mass audience walkouts during a recent Sundance screening, and they probably delight in savage reviews, bearing them with pride. Well, congrats, guys: You suck.
I'll be greatly surprised if anything this bad comes along again this year -- or any other year, come to that.
Zombies would have been an improvement.
Anyone interested in an early visit to Purgatory is directed to this excruciatingly unfunny, frequently repulsive movie.
The laughs dry up even as the gross-out material grows more, uh, fluid.
Had Billion Dollar Movie been just eight minutes on the Funny or Die website, where Heidecker and Wareheim have often appeared, it might have worked.
The vicious mirth is hit-or-miss but contagious.
To quote an SNL sketch featuring costar and producer Will Ferrell, I don't think that legally this qualifies as cinema.
The dead space where laughter should be is like lead.
A shrewdly understated satire of feel-good dramas disguised as gross-out inside jokes, Tim & Eric's Billion Dollar Movie should alternately leave some viewers in stitches while making others quickly leave the theater.
Fortunately, the movie turns out to have more of a story than I would have expected, given the looseness of the TV show, and the plot provides structure and focus.
There are some inspired sketches sprinkled throughout, but the experience is more creepy and off-putting than hilarious.
Needless to say, this freewheeling parade of bizarreness is not everyone's cup of shrim. Chances are good that the people whose cup of shrim it is already know who they are.
It's when the absurdness stops momentarily and turns purely to silliness (and when the film does what any other normal film - not this one - should strive to do: build character) that the movie starts to feel long.
A disposable trifle of fleeting rewards that - like many a feature built around a "Saturday Night Live" sketch - shows its seams after three minutes.
TIM & ERIC'S BILLION DOLLAR MOVIE has its moments, but ultimately it feels like a skit stretched out much too long.
Like "Human Centipede 2," sans the wit, filmmaking skill and quiet dignity. . .
The elements that do work -- like the scabby sidekick played by John C. Reilly, or a gangster subplot straight out of an 80s movie -- will make you laugh so hard you'll risk convulsions.
It would be insulting to refer to "Tim & Eric's Billion Dollar Movie" as amateurish - insulting to amateurs everywhere.
At times, the movie has the look and feel of the cheaply made late-night commercials that it mercilessly, and occasionally hilariously, mocks.
As tedious as it is antithetical.
Tim and Eric's Billion Dollar Movie isn't for everyone, but for the few, the brave, it's extremely strange and hilarious.
The movie gleefully pushes boundaries, but it's a collection of a few worthy skit ideas and lots of non-starters in search of a unified whole.
Their Billion Dollar Movie will not win new converts, and their stretched-out routines demonstrate the old saw about less sometimes being more.
If it's a Funny or Die movie, where's the "die" button?
What works for a two-minute sketch can blunder on the big screen. And for this feature-length comedy, it bombs.
The celluloid equivalent of insanity
Do you enjoy diarrhea and screaming? Is your favorite sound effect the "gooey sploosh?" Then the heavens have answered all of your prayers.
Even with a measly $3 million dollar price tag, Tim and Eric's Billion Dollar Movie feels like the work of comedic outlaws getting away with something.
Tim and Eric's man-child characters, who look at the world with wide eyes and total trust, must be an acquired taste. And while fans of the television show may enjoy this movie, this reviewer did not.
See it in the right sick frame of mind, and "Tim and Eric's Billion Dollar Movie'' can be shockingly and terribly hilarious. Or not.
A lazy assemblage of sketch- comedy raunch, mock-schlock TV ads, and ideas that even the writers of Mall Cop and Observe and Report would have tossed.
Intentionally bad is the basic ambition of sketch comics Tim Heidecker and Eric Wareheim and, if that's enough, then all true movie masochists should adore this steaming pile of the very stuff that inspires so much of their humor.
"Billion Dollar Movie" has the feel of improv that reached for design after the fact, in editing, and never quite found it.
So bad, it's bad.
The picture is tonally and stylistically consistent with what they've done for TV, but those episodes run 11 minutes.
When Tim and Eric's Billion Dollar Movie isn't funny, it's really not funny. When it's funny, it's terrifically deranged.
If the "Billion Dollar" idea was to attract new viewers, someone should get their money back.
They've gathered a cult following by doing comedy sketches that were deliberately bad, and now they've made a movie that is more of the same for 92 minutes, and it must have taken them a great deal of work to maintain their low standard.
Their brand of scatological nonsense may have found its most favorable home on the big screen.
John C. Reilly shows up as choleric man-child Taquito, and the funny begins to kick in.
Fans will love the funny and subversive moments; anyone who didn't "get" them premakeover may simply feel like they've been sitting in a "brown bath" for 93 minutes. Don't ask.
With limitless absurdity comes a kind of glossy-eyed meaninglessness and extreme tastelessness.
I can only imagine the director's commentary on the DVD will a gunshot followed by a thud.
In the race to achieve unadulterated fourth-wall breakage, Tim and Eric's Billion Dollar Movie is the new pack leader.
In every swelling musical cue, Billion Dollar Movie displays open contempt for friendship, family, love, sex, heroism, and everything lofty and beautiful that multiplex movies have reduced to cant.
How much you'll enjoy Billion Dollar Movie probably comes down to your tolerance for extreme gross out humor.
For a pair of comedians who routinely make 11 minutes of television feel like a prison sentence, their debut feature film is surprisingly palatable.
Reminded me of The Jerky Boys Movie. Not right for film.
In a timid comic world, Tim & Eric's Billion Dollar Movie feels genuinely dangerous and transgressive: it makes a virtue of going way too far because other comedies don't go far enough.
Even fans of their Cartoon Network series or those simply familiar with the pair via YouTube will likely find the extended version of their pathos-and-pain-driven comedy hard to digest.
Adult Swim's cult series makes awkward stab at the big screen.

@highlight

Tim &amp; Eric's Billion Dollar Movie is on a gleeful quest to repulse audiences, but sometimes less is more with this sketchy duo.