The biopic rocks. It's all-in on atmosphere, and unconcerned with putting out a laundry list of his conquests or getting things accurate.
All these things-aesthetic, composition, acting-ultimately end up secondary when compared to the dynamic performance at the film's center.
Against all odds, John Ridley has assembled the ideal team to tackle an exceedingly ambitious project, one that bears fruit at nearly every turn.
... an interesting curiosity that takes chances and gets at a certain truth about its enigmatic lead character.
[A] disjointed and clumsily made biopic of rock icon Jimi Hendrix.
André Benjamin does a fair job of conveying Hendrix's languid charisma and grace... But the soapy drama remains about as convincing as the troop of rock lookalikes who file past at intervals.
Andre 3000 makes an A-grade Hendrix, but this biopic sees the legend's legacy fall into a bit of a haze.
The woozy soundtrack and jump-cut visuals add a touch of period hallucinogenics, but the intimate detail never rings true.
Unfortunately, for all Benjamin's fine work All is By My Side is one long string of such cliches and counts as a major disappointment.
Jimi: All Is by My Side takes an approach that more musician biopics should... honing in on one specific period of Hendrix's life instead of providing a rushed tour.
A surprisingly thoughtful meditation on the key year that transformed guitarist Jimi Hendrix (played by OutKast's André Benjamin) from session player to superstar.
What is the point of a musician biopic if you don't get to hear the soundtrack to their life?
Flawed but fascinating in an off-beat, groovy, weird, wise kind of a way.
Benjamin conveys something of Hendrix's gentleness and charm.
Imagine a film portrait of Jimi Hendrix without the drugs that killed him at 27 and the rock that would make him immortal.
Benjamin looks the part, but his stilted performance is pure Razzie-bait, plus he's 39.
Pants. Groovy purple bell bottoms, but still pants.
The fact we don't hear a single Jimi Hendrix song throughout this production proves to be mightily detrimental to the overall piece,
It can be a frustrating film if you are seeking fresh insights into Hendrix but occasionally it ignites ...
The result disappoints, despite its leads' best efforts.
Andre Benjamin makes a convincing Jimi Hendrix in a tumultuous year of the guitarist's life
A texturally rich and sonically dense cultural sampler of the era that may or may not be literally true but feels and sounds like what happened.
Unique biopic focuses on one year of guitarist's wild life.
A hip-looking mess of a movie, made tolerable by Benjamin's spacey-cool Hendrix. Great costumes, few insights.
Jimi: All Is by My Side is an evocative, probing, enlightening, and impressionistic look at the lesser-known period of Hendrix's life.
Benjamin displays the familiar Hendrix quirks (the jaw gyrations, wide eyes and smiles while jamming), captures his wind-blown-kite voice perfectly, and paints the picture of an accidental poet philosopher who defied genre classifications.
Ridley confines his subject to small nightclubs and even smaller apartments, where we hear little music and a lot of talk. Too much talk; all of it in service of a movie with shockingly little to say.
Ridley clearly has some reverence for his subject, and even if the film exists in a gray area between fact and fiction, it deserves credit for creating its own rhythm, much like Hendrix himself.
A stunning turn by Andre Benjamin, an uncanny evocation of a rock and role legend.
Ridley is forced into an anti-drama that feels emotionally honest even when it's spinning fictions.
Throughout the film, you may be thinking about Hendrix's songs. You may even be humming them to yourself. But you certainly won't be hearing them.
It's a risky approach that's bound to frustrate many folks, but it's also quite illuminating in its own way.
You can sense the movie's desire to break free of the demands of the rock biopic, but you can also sense it constantly being pulled back.
As a mood piece, the film captures the essence of a time in music history quite beautifully.
A quirky and appealing glimpse into the life and guitar virtuosity of Jimi Hendrix.
André Benjamin channels Hendrix's sweet, spacey persona with spellbinding precision.
All is By My Side amounts to a series of imagined conversations, with Andre Benjamin struggling to hold our attention through them.
Thanks to Benjamin's performance and the unique quality of the subject itself, the movie's hard to dismiss.
A flawed, ambitious and deeply peculiar portrait of one of the 20th century's most enigmatic musical talents, in the year before he ascended to rock-god status, that resembles no other pop-music biopic you've ever seen.
Benjamin captures Hendrix's nodding swagger, his effortless cool, and most important, his voice - going beyond mimicry into some other, spookier realm.
The film's own spontaneous experimentation provides dazzling context for the musician's impact on the world.
Most of the action occurs below the surface -- genius giving birth to ideas, ambition crystallizing into action -- and, at times, Ridley's direction evokes the inner life with subtle invention.
This isn't a cheap cash-in biopic. It's another, better kind: the type, like 'Topsy-Turvy,' that focuses on a narrow slither of its subject's life, spending time and effort to get one chapter right rather than get the whole story wrong.
One reason "All Is by My Side" works is that the story - with its girl, guy, guitar and revolution - is enjoyable, whether it's precisely true or not.
None of Jimi Hendrix's classic music found its way into "Jimi: All Is By My Side," but that doesn't hurt this moody, mesmerizing film one bit.
No mere boilerplate biopic, the film is instead an immersive, impressionistic snapshot of a small period in Hendrix's life when he was living in London and trying to decide what kind of artist he was going to be.
A strangely lethargic and self-consciously arty trudge that struggles to find a narrative through-line or turn the great Hendrix into a vivid personality.
There's no doubt that Andre Benjamin is the film's magnetic core. His silky-voiced, dangerously volatile turn as Jimi Hendrix is a star-spangled triumph.
Liberated from playing the hits, Benjamin eloquently captures Hendrix's emerging style without having to succumb to jukebox-musical opportunism.
"Jimi: All Is by My Side" manages to keep an aura of mystery while letting us see the inspiration.
[Benjamin's] mesmerizing work saves this unique and somewhat controversial new biopic from a level of entirely un-Jimi-like mediocrity.
André Benjamin, from OutKast, is perfect as Hendrix, nailing his look (the teased-out nimbus of hair and groovy Carnaby Street threads) as well as his space-cadet cadences, his selfish dark side, and the way he comes alive on stage.
To really understand Hendrix, Ridley would have had to reach much farther back.
Think of a famous Hendrix song. For that matter, think of an obscure Hendrix song. Whatever you're thinking of, it's not in the movie. That's a little like making a film about Henry Ford without ever showing a car.
Ridley doesn't present Hendrix's ascension to guitar god in conventional fashion, which is both an interesting and at times frustrating decision.
John Ridley's fractured and narrowcast, unauthorized Jimi Hendrix biopic...wrongly assumes that Andre Benjamin's intuitive inhabiting of the musician's skittish soul will entice audiences as much as it does the women around him.
Even without a familiar sonic presence to provide reassurance, All Is by My Side gets under the skin of its subject, braiding bio-pic convention and considered editorial work to share a sample of Hendrix during his rise to glory.
He wanted to groove, baby, and the movie floats there with him.
Jimi Hendrix: All Is By My Side knows the pitfalls of musician biopics that cram a lifetime into a formula, and it knows that musicians are more than just their hit songs. It also dissects Hendrix into such thin slices that it's hard to see him at all.
Plays like a hazy, half-remembered dream - perhaps faithful to the spirit of the man, but frustrating if you're actually curious about the facts.
A refreshing change from other musical biopics as it shows other sides to the rock legend that we haven't had a chance to see before.
Opting for scenes that tend to be fragmented, flawed snippets from a much bigger story, the film exudes a bizarre confidence in not trying to encapsulate the singer's whole life in 120 minutes.
Despite a decent performance from André Benjamin and its shots at controversy, Jimi: All Is by My Side is a Hendrix origin story that does nothing innovative with the biopic genre.
A monotonously grim portrait that's more rewarding in theory than execution.
It at least has a spark of life to it, and Ridley's decision to focus on Hendrix's first year in London - from 1966 to 1967 - frees rather than limits him.
If you're expecting all of Hendrix's familiar numbers, you'll be disappointed, but you're interested in the human being who made those hits, you'll find your sense of the new rewarded even as your sense of the familiar is let down.
"The Wind Cries Mary," "Fire" and "Manic Depression" were all composed during the time period covered by the film, yet never does Hendrix convincingly appear to be an artist in bloom.
Limited in focus and scope, but thanks to Andre Benjamin, almost certainly the best Jimi Hendrix biopic we could hope for.
A powerful look at the crucial years in an artist's trajectory when the thrill of success begins to yield to the curse of fame.
Andre Benjamin -- better known as Andre 3000 of the Atlanta hip-hop duo OutKast -- is a no-brainer yet still genius casting as the young guitar god, and looking the part is about the least of that.
It's a mood piece, not a biopic, and it works on its own terms.
...a Hendrix movie without the full Hendrix story, seminal Hendrix songs, all in a portrait of a man that doesn't really feel like Hendrix at all.
The lack of original Hendrix music is a serious hindrance, but director John Ridley is far less interested in any onstage displays of flamboyance than more fraught fragments that point to the artist's inner turmoils and frustrations.
Ridley doesn't treat Hendrix as a bio-pic enigma to be explained but simply as an instinctual artist, for better and for worse. The only mystery that remains is where the music came from.
The film's limitations play to its advantage, since Ridley eschews the usual biopic approach, instead taking a snapshot of 12 crucial months in the musician's life, three years before his death.
Intimate take on a slice of Hendrix's life is more convincing than many full-blown biopics.
This is a movie made not with obligatory biopic beats but with verve and freedom, and offhand, I can't think of a better way to honor the genius of Hendrix
Those looking for a nuts-and-bolts biography of Jimi Hendrix will be disappointed. Those wanting something richer and more challenging may well be rewarded.
An unpredictable film, a difficult approximation of a biopic. But it delivers a Jimi Hendrix experience somehow the richer for sidelining the man and subverting his music.

@highlight

It's uneven -- and it lacks the primal power of its subject's classic recordings -- but Jimi: All Is By My Side offers a well-acted alternative take on the Hendrix myth.