Everyone breaks rules in Rodriguez' universe, but his extreme film makes a point about the breakdown of law -- and the moral, ecclesial, and civil consequences on society. The Wild West is back, and what are you going to do about it?
Rodriguez and Maniquis seem to think that trashy aesthetics and a couple of meta-jokes render them brilliantly astute and self-aware film-makers, but remain oblivious to the fact that labelling something an homage doesn't necessarily make it any good.
Though it starts off well, Machete becomes boring and slow towards the end as Trejo's shtick starts to feel a bit stale. Still, you'll definitely find some entertainment here.
First and foremost, this is a badass action film, with not only ever-badass Trejo doing ever-badass things, but everyone in the cast gets their badass moment.
Machete is the coolest revenge-driven, gore-splattered, star-studded Mexploitation flick ever!
Basically what we have here is a very silly exploitation film similar to what Rodriguez did with his half of "Grindhouse."
The end result is a disastrous waste of time that is as tedious as it is misguided...
... 105 minutes of ludicrous fun, but you can see the best parts in the trailer.
At the end there's the humorous promise of sequels, but if Machete is a neat, bloody full-stop on the mainstream Mexploitation genre Rodriguez has done so much to resurrect, it's a fine one.
It may be thin but it's fun and for some that will be enough.
It's taken 15 years and umpteen billion supporting tough guy roles, but Robert Rodriguez has finally managed to make a major studio film starring Danny Trejo.
It's a big, messy, gloppy red bucket of fun, but it falls short of the impact of the Grindhouse punch by this much.
Yes it's a lot of fun and great to see such an illustrious cast get in on the act of making lowbrow cinema with a smile on their face, shame the cult element remains and only fans of the grindhouse genre will be fully engaged from start to finish.
Robert Rodriguez... brings his A game to the Z-grade, revelling in the cheesiness and over-the-top violence.
The lack of subtlety and discipline is what can make Machete a disreputable pleasure and less than a full success.
Social commentary, you ask? Quite how can a film centrally preoccupied with Danny Trejo stabbing and shooting people and having sex with lots of women have any sort of pretension to political currency?
Starts out strong but things get a little wonky toward the finale. Sadly, the film is far too married to the faux trailer footage.
[Robert] Rodriguez's politics are right on the surface and about as complex as the film's revenge plot, a kind-of populist response to the anti-immigration rhetoric...
Turning all known manifestations of the classic western on their heads when not simply decapitating them in droves, Machete detonates the battle around immigration like no Tea Party rally ever could, in this get even bilingual guerrilla warfare satire.
While it's riotously entertaining, there's nothing much to it.
Un entretenimiento crudo, básico, con personajes de una sola pieza, algunos diálogos increíbles y generosas dosis de sangre y desmembramientos. Un homenaje de Robert Rodríguez al cine clase B que tanto le gusta.
The film has some outrageously enjoyable set-pieces, but overall, the convoluted plot and Rodriguez' agenda spoil the fun.
Yet another missed opportunity from Rodriguez who relies on hammy performances from acting legends instead of adequately attempting to recreate the genre he claims to love.
[A] tongue-in-cheek, knife-in-guts action thriller...
This gleefully excessive pastiche of an exploitation picture delivers everything promised by its own faux trailer.
If your taste is for exploitation-style B-movies with an abundance of decapitations then director Robert Rodriquez's Machete is for you...
Machete is a supremely violent exploitation movie that's nowhere near as enjoyable as its trailer.
A loving homage to the B-movies that played in fleapit cinemas in the 70s, replete with oodles of violence, gore and gratuitous nudity.
Basically very silly and wastes the time of some talented celebrities (including Lindsay Lohan, as an addled nymphet). But it has its moments.
All set up and no punchline.
When the movie sticks to being a long-form version of the trailer, Machete delivers deadpan laughs and bloody, tongue-in-cheek action thrills.
The trouble with Rodriguez is that, while full of ideas, he sometimes struggles to balance quantity with quality. For all its manic action, Machete feels strained and oddly familiar.
If only Rodriguez had taken a machete into the edit, this would be the stuff of legend.
Inventive, assured and absurdly entertaining, Rodriguez's latest retro-exploitation movie is a gloriously gratuitous ride.
Disappointing, frequently boring and weirdly humourless thriller that fails to deliver on the promise of the trailer...
May prove that the mock trailers are better left alone as mock trailers...
full review at Movies for the Masses
Rodriguez - king of the stretch-a-budget, DIY mentality - is once again paying homage to all the B-grade schlock that inspired him, and having a hell of a lot of fun while he's at it.
Machite.
In true grindhouse form, Machete will win fans by wearing its action-filled lack of depth on its sleeve whilst still having its heart in the right place.
Machete has more brains than most movies out this year, even if a good portion of them are splattered across the pavement.
The selective charm of this badass brawn-fest might be lost on the non-action crowd after the initial novelty value subsides.
An irreverent and comically bloody tale of revenge and racism on the USA-Mexico border, brought to you by Robert Rodriguez as a parody of 1970's exploitation cinema.
A dreadful effort, a loud and self-satisfied movie that is brazenly short-sighted.
There is excess galore and plenty of gore as well, there's tongue in cheek, a completely original use of entrails but somewhere towards the end it just became a bit too silly for me.
Machete is essentially a fabulously fun cheap-thrill ride of fights, chases, muzzle flash, sexy ladies and over-acting designed to please the genre-loving generation of filmgoers unfortunate enough to have been born after the demise of the drive in.
The exposition-heavy dialogue and barrage of one-liners all fall terribly flat and what should be a fun romp feels more like a cinematic chore
While it's well made and Danny Trejo is an amazing presence on screen, the sustained over-the-top violence becomes tiresome.
A macho picture with a hero who is assailed by every conceivable hurdle and impending death many times, to give audiences a high octane, stunt-driven action thriller which takes no prisoners
The plot with its themes of revenge, honour and power might be a bit everywhere, but there is much to enjoy with this wild, theatrical joyride from Rodriguez, whose enthusiasm is infectious
It?s a pleasure to see Danny Trejo, the bad-ass character actor, take the lead in this homage to ?70s exploitation flicks, but co-director Robert Rodriguez doesn?t take exploitation all the way.
Danny Trejo's Machete is more than just a legendary warrior or a deadly instrument of pain; he's the icon of a gritty new movement in action films.
Machete don't text, but he will hack your limbs off.
Disreputable without being outright sleazy.
It's one joke, sure. But "Machete" is so delightfully ridiculous and over the top that it's actually highly enjoyable.
New film spoofs real-world failures of immigration policies
Supremely self-aware and steeped in the aesthetics of vintage exploitation movies,Machete is a loving, blood-spattered homage to the gritty grindhouse action pictures of yesteryear.
It is hard to call this a good film. But it is tough not to have a good time (your taste and politics allowing).
Machete occupies the space of last year's violent comedy, Tropic Thunder, although not as funny.
"Warped, violent, dark, funny, sexy. Great stuff."
With an all star cast and creative writing Machete is the best film I have seen this year.
a bracing concretion of advocacy filmmaking and raucous hyperbole
The spirit of "Grindhouse" lives on.
What better way to attack a divisive and ridiculous culture clash in the real world than with a similarly ridiculous, testosterone-filled revenge fantasy?
Whether it's a beefy Steven Seagal or a topless Lindsay Lohan, viewers never quite know who or what Machete will throw at them next.
The trailer was better...
"Machete" Makes For Interesting Politics if Not For a Fully Satisfying Flick Due to Problematic Casting.
Alas, not even Lindsay Lohan -- doing a cartoonish riff on her tabloid persona (is this even possible?) -- can bring this rotten egg to a boil.
A surprisingly fun action-comedy mash-up... if you saw Grindhouse, it's more of the same here.
This violently refreshing entertainment functions as a rowdy political satire, sort of a Wag the Dog for fans of hot lengua tacos and cold Negra Modelo.
Rodriguez can't help being who he is, and that is something to smile about.
One of the best action movies in a long time.
There's a lot of action but too much politics in this latest from Rodriguez
This "Mexploitation" action film packs a real action punch while mixing in a heavy dose of political satire. It is very entertaining if you enjoy it in the same spirit it was made.
The movie is ham-handed, repetitive, and rhythm-less -- a mess that's uglier than its hero and nowhere near as likable.
its mixing of the old and the new has an infectious vibe at times, but you can't help but wonder if Rodriguez will ever grow past his obsession with recreating the gutter past
Machete is a day laborer's wet dream that men and women of all immigration and employment status can enjoy together in peace, harmony and wanton blood lust. The only one who might ask for a refund is Shaft.
I have nothing against films that take political stances, but an exploitation flick? It's off-putting. I'd prefer to sit back and bask in the carnage and R-rated silliness.
Pretty damn fine Mexploitation.
The filmmaker, having spent his career making various iterations of the same nonsense, has lost his verve.
A salsa-covered middle finger to racist, anti-Latino factions, the audacious, outrageously fun Machete is pure Tex-Mexploitation with all the gunfire, gore, explosions and two-fisted action that can fit into one film.
Check out that cast of all-stars and never-were-stars and certainly-no-longer-stars. This must be what it's like when the Sheens and the Baldwins have a barbecue.
Robert De Niro, Lindsay Lohan and Steven Seagal all give equally stilted performances, and if you didn't know better you would think all three thespians were losers.
Campy, slice-and-dice, testosterone-fueled homage to violent '70s exploitation pictures - and I don't have to be a betting woman to suggest that men will like this R-rated guilty pleasure much more than women.
I had a good enough time.
For its first hour, Machete really gives hope that the concept, which started as a three minute trailer, could be sustained for an entire feature film.
(VIDEO) There were, what...seven, eight, nine decapitations and two naked women in the first five minutes of the movie? It's kind of hard to dislike a movie like that, but you HAVE to know what you're going to see.
(VIDEO) Machete doesn't need no stinking card to prove his citizenship, and neither does anyone else. You can taste the fury.
Don't get me wrong, there are moments, but Rodriguez found a way to make extreme violence boring.
Machete brings director Robert Rodriguez's career full circle and emerges as one of his very best films.
A fun B-movie. You're not likely to remember it a year from now, but sometimes lightweight entertainment is okay, especially when it's done with a wink, a smile, and a severed head.
Watching Machete is like nodding smugly for 100 minutes in a hall of mirrors, with nothing but fragmented glimpses of hollow satisfaction as a reward.
Like last year's Black Dynamite, Machete deftly walks the border between self-aware parody and legitimate exploitation entry.
With 'Machete,' Robert Rodriguez demolishes subtlety with the same force that Rome unleashed on Carthage.
on the whole, Machete is a fun ride. But it's like me in a pair of skinny jeans... there's just a little too much in there to be comfortable.
One of the most outrageously entertaining, tongue-in-cheek guilty pleasures since Kill Bill---as long as you're willing to check your brain at the door from start to finish.
Funny and violent and propulsively scored, Machete is pure exploitation gold, more revival than satire, and it is tense, dirty fun from end to end
Needless to say, Machete would make for an excellent triple feature alongside Planet Terror and Death Proof.
For about an hour...the silliness works. Unfortunately, the last 45 minutes go south, as it were.
All of this is very cool, but I'm not entirely sure it's entertaining.
Exuberantly and unrelentingly wrong.
Machete is almost completely devoid of any entertainment value. It's trying to be a spoof of low-budget action movies, except it keeps forgetting to poke fun and becomes that which it mocked.
You know a movie is going to be a blast when the credits say, "and introducing" in front the name of 1980s TV icon Don Johnson.
Rodriguez plans "Machete" sequels. Here's hoping the next is sharper and cuts closer to the bone.
The vehemence with which Machete articulates its morass of views makes the 'just kidding' claims very difficult to swallow.
All this, plus Cheech Marin as a gun-toting priest, Steven Seagal as a Mexican druglord and a rolling army of low-riders in the last act.
It's basically a one-joke exercise heading toward the inevitable big battle between vigilantes and Mexicans. There's lots of gore, flesh and fun along the way, but it gets repetitious.
hack-and-slash nonsense
Machete is everything the Grindhouse movie wasn't. It doesn't posture. It doesn't pretend. It doesn't feel like idol worship.
There are film fans and there are film fetishists, and Robert Rodriguez might be the most hardcore film fetishist of all.
After a while, even the most hopped-up moviegoers will find themselves looking at their watches and wondering if it is ever going to end.
If Machete suffers from anything, it's that it doesn't have ENOUGH action, blood and gore.
Worth seeing for fans of Rodriguez's brand of Tex-Mex splatstick. Just don't expect it to be anything more than what it is.
It's perfectly campy, but it doesn't go far enough often enough.
Casting surprises spice up this fully armed, gore splattered, amusing action explosion. It doesn't precisely capture the miracle of Grindhouse, but it's a fittingly head-chopping offshoot, smartly timed to feed on current immigration hysteria.
Rodriguez should petition the Oscars to create an award for the greatest death scene. I was practically in tears trying to comprehend the awesome nature of this flick.
Sorry, mis amigos, wrong decades. The modern B-movie would seem to be devoted to self-conscious fun. More laughs, but fewer real chills.
The pace is swift, the tone playful, the screenplay peppered with one-liners.
In patches, it is entertaining and ingenious. However, the director seems fatally uncertain whether he is making a full-blown action movie or a spoof.
Machete may not be all that original, but it is fresh -- fresh as a steel blade to the gut.
It's a movie that just wants to have fun. To a large degree, it succeeds.
[It] may be a weird combo of speechy and pulpy but it's also what another all-star bloodbath, The Expendables, should have been -- self-aware, flashy and fun.
Machete makes no apologies for its absurdities or silliness, making it an over-the-top thrill ride.
Trejo's dignity gives the movie a soul, telling us that none of this stuff amuses Machete, who takes violence very, very seriously.
When you add in the ample violence...and the over the top action scenes, Machete makes its case as major escapist entertainment.
Brimming with infectious energy -- a well-made movie in the style of poorly made movies.
Machete works because at no time does it ever ask the audience to take any of this too seriously, yet the nudges and winks are never so forceful that it feels like it's begging for your laughter.
The film is proof that even extremely over-the-top films can be monotonous in that their one tone is "ARGH!"
Machete shouldn't be a movie - the idea itself defies Hollywood logic - but maybe that's the charm...Maybe there's a cult movie hiding within? Maybe with the right audience, the right drink, & the right friends Machete would be more exciting?
Machete's as bloody as you want it to be and just as violent as you'd expect.
Its evolution from a quick and to-the-point mockery to an overstuffed and tonally shifting feature has not served the material well.
While clearly not for all viewers, the first few minutes are quite entertaining for those who can stomach the material and appreciate what the filmmakers are trying to achieve. (Parental Review also Available)
Unwilling to consistently push its violence, sex or comedy to the extremes demanded by its grindhouse roots, Machete turns out to be a mixed bag of monotonous exposition and tasteless fun.
Strong and mostly silent, Trejo brings to mind the late Charles Bronson, an underrated actor who made it big as an action star.
An orgy of hot babes, rugged men and blood-strewn weaponry, the picture has been made with giddy, people-pleasing aplomb.
Rodriguez combines sharp satire and timely political commentary with a decidedly B-movie ethos.
Perhaps most surprising is that Rodriguez has done for Robert DeNiro what his frequent collaborator Quentin Tarrantino has done for many far lesser stars...
Robert Rodriguez has expanded that two-minute dose of goofy Mexploitation thrills into a somewhat ungainly, but mostly fun 105 minutes.
Making a parody of bad movies that is itself not a bad movie is a delicate balancing act, and Rodriguez and Maniquiz get it right about half the time.
There's still a lot of fun to be had when he actually does pick up that signature blade and start chopping, but when it comes to Trejo taking the spotlight, we were hoping for more snarly, less sedate.
A loud, giddy, carnal blast from one of cinema's most relentless schlock auteurs.
The whole thing is monumentally gruesome and just as monumentally cynical, a riot of grisly clichés designed to titillate and amuse.
Machete runs out of steam pretty early.
Rodriguez miscalculates his audience's desires at every turn, flogging the material thoroughly until it's as ugly and unpleasant as a movie can be.
Not only doesn't Machete have good taste, it has never *heard* of good taste.
There's a fine line between clever and stupid, as the Spinal Tap lads reminded us, and Machete grinds that line on a razor's edge.
Now we have a full-length Machete movie, and it turns out that, as usual, less is more.
It's absurd, absolutely insane and a lot of fun.
It's hard to think of another film this summer that offers such sheer anarchic fun.
"Machete" is gratuitously smutty, sadistically violent, politically aware and somehow also politically incorrect. Put more succinctly, it is awesome, and delivers every goofy gory guilty pleasure "The Expendables" was supposed to but did not.
The movie's an unexpected end-of-summer tonic: a trash guilty pleasure with a healthy (if really violent) sense of outrage. It's also Rodriguez's freest movie yet, and possibly his best.
Rodriguez's dullest, shallowest, and most self-satisfied film to date
With this cynical, self-conscious exercise in blood, guts and mayhem, Rodriguez goes back to his roots as a filmmaker in the early 1990s (El Mariacchi, Desperado), making a trashy, fast-moving cartoonish actioner.
Robert Rodriguez's unofficial sequel to his half of Grindhouse is a lot like its predecessor--gory, funny and, in the end, somewhat disappointing.
It was Rodriguez's evident intention to make the most tasteless, weirdly cast, wildly irresponsible grindhouse movie of the year, and he's succeeded.
It's often stylish and exciting, but the pile-up of cool kills, hot bodies, and other unprocessed bits of juvenilia doesn't add up to a good time.
Rodriguez emphasizes style over substance, but the sheer audacity of his vision - the energy, the inventiveness, the extremes to which he's willing to take his gruesome sight gags - is his salvation.
Everyone in the film underestimates Machete, dismissing him as some mere Mexican day laborer just as Hollywood has underestimated Trejo, relegating him to supporting roles and villains. But in Machete, he's both the star and the hero.
This unholy mess replaces the artful ambition of The American with torture, blood spray, kinky sex, twisted fun and a bizarro critique of U.S. policy on illegal immigration.
Forget modulation, nuance or storytelling, this is a movie that hits hard from first to last, no questions asked or logic followed.
At this point, I can't tell if Robert Rodriguez ("Grindhouse," "Sin City"), co-directing with editor Ethan Maniquis, is spoofing grade-Z, 1970s-era, drive-in trash or if that is all he can make, outside of "Spy Kids" films.
Pro-illegal ideology won't win any fans at Fox News, but it's the only thing close to a point of view in an otherwise unfocused, overstuffed trip to the grindhouse.
For sheer entertainment value, Machete easily surpasses glossy action features like Takers and The Expendables.
Never fully justifies its expanded status nor does it feel like a movie that anyone's going to relish beyond one viewing, but far more satisfying and effective than The Expendables
At 105 minutes, Machete is at least half an hour too long for its own good.
When Machete yields a weed-whacker as a weapon, there is a subtle beauty to it.
If other movies feel increasingly emo, Machete is heavy metal. This manly feast eats The Expendables for breakfast.
It's disappointing that a film with this many decapitations and naked Lindsay Lohans can be so boring.
See Machete for Trejo, who barely cracks a smile, or even an emotion, but makes grade-Z stoic invincibility cool again.
Robert Rodriguez finally delivers on the promise of 2007's "Grindhouse" with this gleefully campy Mex-ploitation flick about a knife-wielding anti-hero doling out bloody slices of justice.
Trejo has one gnarled, weather-beaten mug, as if he had a staring contest with the sun - and won.
Machete's politics are a cringe-worthy mess but when it comes to over-the-top fun his blade is razor sharp.
You might be surprised by some of the more ingenious ways to deliver D.O.A.s - stiletto shoes, wine corkscrews, and of course an array of badass, beheading machetes that would make Jason Voorhees weep with envy.
If this kind of selfconscious cinema junk is to be enjoyed, it can only be enjoyed by morons.
It's a Hispanic American version of a blaxploitation film of the Super Fly school, with bloody action, titillating nudity and a catch-phrase riddled script.
Trejo brings both playfulness and gravitas to the archly juvenile proceedings, even as codirector-cowriter Rodriguez treats him like a cutaway sight gag...
[T]here's a refreshing nothing-sacred attitude to Machete, which is exactly the kind of eccentricity that this kind of movie demands, and gets exactly right...
The good news for fans: there isn't all that much downtime between the relentless action, which, after all, is what that fake Machete trailer promised, and what the audience has come for.
Silly bloodbath without a soul. De Niro plays Senator Focker and Lohan is ridiculous. She needs an acting coach or a strong director.
Robert Rodriguez returns to the grindhouse with this entertainingly over-the-top, ultraviolent exploitationer.
If Rodriguez could think of it, he has included it in this film. He's a maestro of mayhem, throwing caution - and, occasionally, dramatic logic - to the wind.
Wildly uneven as it doggedly strives (sometimes with obvious strain) to sustain a free-wheeling, anything-goes air of exuberant junkiness.
How often can you see Cheech Marin nailed to a cross or Lindsay Lohan in a threesome with Trejo and the actress playing her mother?
Because there's no real character drama or consistent critique grounding the spoof, when Machete isn't laugh-out-loud funny, it's deadly boring.
Robert Rodriguez loves exploitation cinema but his homages to the disreputable genre are defined by italicized self-consciousness that leaves his humor without any room to breathe.

@highlight

Machete is messy, violent, shallow, and tasteless -- and that's precisely the point of one of the summer's most cartoonishly enjoyable films.