Be Kind Rewind, while erring just this side of too adorable for its own good - it's nothing if not enjoyable for once again showcasing Gondry's ingenious guerilla filmmaking tactics - is still a bit of a setback.
What a foul junkyard of Quirk it is!
A glowing valentine to creativity in opposition to commerce.
Sua natureza auto-referencial transforma o filme numa grande homenagem ao próprio cinema.
Be Kind Rewind should gather dust on both DVD and VHS shelves.
Once the movie starts finding its focus it becomes a very unique experience
A surprisingly quiet and whimsical comedy about a ridiculous and unlikely series of events that turns into a nearly-as-likely miracle. Best bit: the film's own Sweded preview.
An ode to finding one's creative side and the joys of being able to share one's creations with others.
Tackles the hackneyed with the tender hand and heart of writer/director Michel Gondry.
But with a skill that is difficult to pinpoint, Gondry seems to stumble like a fox from this paper-thin plot into a precious little ode to community.
Director Michel Gondry delivers the first great film of 2008.
'Be Kind Rewind' is a whimsical adventure with genuine affection for its characters, but Gondry's story is essentially weightless, a fanciful flight in search of a raison d'etre.
It's central message is that filmmakers are wonderful people, which is pretty much what you would expect filmmakers to say.
The process of Sweding soon becomes a community project, another glance back and ahead at the same time.
Ultimately trades in schmaltz of the unearned kind.
The remake/parody sequences are outstanding, but Black's all-over-the-place mania and Mos Def's bland orphan hero don't quite tie the rest of the picture together. Still, it has heart.
And the film ought to be funny, with Mike and Jerry recreating those films as home movies. But somehow it's not, the laughs are very thin on the ground.
Brilliant ideas dance on the high side of Creative Street, but Michel Gondry's outlandish premise doesn't stretch far enough to go the distance.
The premise of Be Kind Rewind is pure Michel Gondry. The end result is anything but.
quirky
corny, cool and beautiful
The community-produced version of Fats Waller's story leads to a block film party in what may be the most touching ending of Gondry's films.
Let's not go to the videotape.
Be Kind Rewind may be the least ambitious of Gondry's films but is also his most fun.
It falls short in the character development category, relying on a whimsical vibe, the charm of its actors, and ceaselessly inventive movie re-creations to get by.
Gondry has merely used the plot to celebrate community, friendship, love, creativity, making something out of nothing and the power of myth to sometimes be greater than truth.
At best it's a collection of very good ideas in search of a framework, and at worst a dramatically stale film based on a terribly messy screenplay.
One of the most bizarre concepts to hit the big screen unspools erratically in "Be Kind Rewind," an outrageous comedy that offers some clever scenes and more than a few laughs.
The trouble with this movie about amateur film-makers is that the entire film comes across as amateurish.
Nothing can save this overambitious enterprise embarked upon by a couple of idiots, full of sound and fury but ultimately signifying nothing.
Be Kind Rewind, like last year's great Sundance film Son of Rambow, is a celebration of the power of film and the joy of the movies; not just great art, but also great trash.
The greatest idea for a comedy ever... Please understand that this is a Michel Gondry, so even as commercial as it wants to be, it's still an art film.
It's hard to get too cranky about a movie that, at heart, is a tribute to the joy of making things with your friends.
...quickly devolves into quirky boredom.
It truly inhabits the do-it-yourself spirit of independent filmmakers coloring outside the lines drawn by Hollywood.
Alternately so whacked out as to be inaccessible, and so sweet and naïve as to be irresistible.
100 minutes of sweet-natured idiocy.
Will leave you with a huge grin on your face.
A film that's sweet and well-intentioned, but with a heart where its brain should be.
Hollywood showbiz is about the now and the new, so there is something subversive about Gondry pitching his tent in the wasteground of obsolescence behind the gleaming edifice of modernity.
But as weird as it all this gets, the central melodrama is actually quite basic, and for anyone who has ever watched a Frank Capra comedy this follows his standard template almost to the letter.
Takes a clever concept and cobbles a weak story around it.
Communal commitment to a DIY aesthetic is [Gondry's] undoing, particularly when he allows an irritatingly manic Jack Black to run wild and virtually hijack the movie.
Long before the movie ends, it slips right off the sprockets.
Be Kind Rewind declares that the riches of cinema history touch each of us personally. Films become so deep a part of us that we own them that our memories of them, whether faithful or fanciful, become their meanings.
It's hard to tell which is the work of art, the audience or the movie. Because they are both so beautiful.
Give Be Kind Rewind a little time and an open mind, and it just might grow on you. Its premise is absurd, but adorably so.
Thick stew of awful.
A celebration of the DIY aesthetic, and of the universal appeal of movies, Be Kind Rewind is a charmingly off-the-wall little tale.
If it isn't up to his Oscar-winning Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind, it at least has Jack Black and Mos Def around for laughs.
the visual wit, game performances, and overflowing humanity have more than made up for the shortcomings by the time the film finds a final moment that's simultaneously abrupt and magical.
Michel Gondry doesn't understand -- or, perhaps, even care about -- the normal niceties of plausible plotting, thematic structure or satisfying character development. But he does understand joy.
It's inviting, undemanding and altogether wonderful. You'll want to see it again, or at least Swede it yourself.
A surprisingly sweet comedy showcasing a manic Jack Black.
A feel-good film with a gentle comic spirit, a sweet affection for its gallery of silly characters and a sincere love for the process of moviemaking.
Loopy, goofy and endearing.
Eminently likable. And there's something about Gondry's persistent nostalgia that feels contemporary, or opportune, at least.
Whimsy overwhelms this sweetly innocuous tribute to DIY video - which is hobbled enough by its core premise of guys shooting their own versions of popular movies on VHS.
A charming picture about filmmaking all dressed up as a comedy. Exaggerated and wonderfully silly, the movie concerns hilarious amateur movie-making -- but sneaks in a message about community and the transformative power of art.
It's a joyless ode to joy, it's a leaden salute to the silver screen, it's a painful testament to filmic pleasures. Be kind, and don't even begin to rewind.
There's an undeniable sense of wonder to Be Kind Rewind, a belief in both the beauty of the creative process and the magic within all men. It's an unabashed ode to common potential; it's also a lot of fun to watch.
It's not nearly as funny as its premise would suggest, and the movie even becomes a little dull when it tries to make a few points about the differences between commercialism and art.
It takes a special talent to wring so much warm, humane comedy out of such a screwy premise. But the real triumph is how Gondry uses it to champion no-budget indie filmmaking, salute cinema's unifying properties and thumb his nose at the Hollywood system.
I felt positive and genial while watching it, but I didn't break out in paroxysms of laughter. It's the kind of amusing film you can wait to see on DVD. I wonder if it will come out on VHS?
One wants to protect this, but it's hard not to gag on the cuteness.
Rousingly bad moviemaking brings out some of Gondry's most blissful.
A pathetic new piece of whimsy from the cult fantasist Michel Gondry.
This cute comedy is a magnetic movie that will likely attract the arthouse audiences.
It's a happy pill in the shape of a cinema ticket.
[Gondry] seems almost to relish his house-of-cards approach, so much so that the uncharmed critic might reasonably feel it a waste of breath to blow it down. I would agree.
Michel Gondry is a visionary of sorts, but he needs a talented writer to add emotional depth to his child-like creativity if he is going to reach the heights of Eternal Sunshine again.
The director has attempted to construct quite a complex little film here, but only parts of this delicate concoction work effectively. The movie feels like a strange, lightweight piece of ephemeral fluff.
Moments of Gondry inspiration make Be Kind Rewind worth your time, even if you decide to wait for the video.
Lots of heart. But it won't change your life.
I liked the various ways in which Gondry utilized his essentially absurdist conceit as an ingenious way of exploring how people relate in deeply personal ways to the power of cinema
The magnitude of Gondry's visual ingenuity is consistently jaw-dropping.
Michel Gondry's latest cinematic breakthrough Be Kind Rewind grants passage into his magical imagination and proves yet again he's one of today's artistic giants.
The picture is a harmonious callback to low-fi filmmaking and community spirit, allowing Gondry a wide open meadow to let his viral creativity and mischievous determination frolic...It's endearing eye candy.
It's one of those rare experiences that remind us not exactly why we love movies, but how we love them.
...the lack of subtlety with which Gondry has imbued the latter half of the proceedings ensures that the film is ultimately an extraordinarily tough slog indeed.
a brilliant little allegory
Cute but a little empty, Be Kind Remind boasts an original premise without the clarity of writing and character dimension to back it up.
This charming little fairy tale is more than a sweet and heart-warming story; it is a thoughtful exploration of the power of stories, why we are enthralled byhearing and watching them and why we are even more captivated by telling them.
A kid's movie for adults, a charming notion for a time of postmodern ennui.
... a kind of communal folk art spin on industrialized moviemaking and an affectionate tribute to our relationship to the movies of our lives.
The level of foolishness here is simply too high, and the execution so slapdash that the result doesn't seem so much a parody of amateurishness as an example of it.
Innovative auteur Michel Gondry's latest curio is either boring or brilliantly boring.
Quirky Jack Black comedy is sweet and silly.
Be Kind Rewind may exist in a hazy, dreamy time warp, but its artistic impulses are strictly YouTube.
Even though its thin conceit strains and stumbles into being, Gondry's movie somehow ingratiates itself to the dauntless dreamer that lives within each of us.
Gondry, as writer and director, can't stop the creative helium from leaking out of his cinematic balloon.
Apparently intends to tell a story about people's relationships with movies but winds up saying films are impersonal just because they look professional and don't star YOU.
Such a far-fetched shaggy-dog yarn borders on the patronizing. But Gondry's belief in community-based, handmade, DIY culture is infectious, and his cry against big-box homogenization (fewer choices, more copies) is a noble one.
The greatest mystery is how a movie peddling the bliss of moviemaking is absent any hint of joy.
A genuinely original independent film, though one that requires patience and tolerance of the writer-director's style.
Gondry is the first director since School of Rock's Richard Linklater to fully capture Black's truculent charm and actually make it - charming.
Perhaps Gondry realized the sum wasn't going to be greater than its parts and just left it at this: two halves, one more intriguing than the other, that don't add up to a coherent whole.
Gondry invites us to rewind to a time before corporate domination, while failing to realize that 'corporate' and 'professional' are not synonyms.
Be Kind Rewind not only reminds us why we love film so damn much, it pays tribute to those films that may have had a hand in it.
...makes you nostalgic for the early days of backyard moviemaking, before digital video cameras and desktop editing software turned everyone into mini-Spielbergs.
A comedy hobbled by a preposterous plot and a phony finale.
There's just enough whimsical good humour to carry Be Kind Rewind, but Michel Gondry's latest does tend to keep crashing into 'oh come on now, what were you thinking?' self-indulgence.
Arguably the biggest problem with Be Kind Rewind is that Gondry never stops experimenting, even when the experimentation works against the movie's best interests.
The fake-movie vignettes are a delight to watch, and they would have made for great music videos or short films. What they don't do is hold together a movie where the characters are forgettable and the situations are contrived.
Unlike Eternal Sunshine, in which Gondry achieved real poignancy about a different kind of erasing, Be Kind Rewind falls into the same category as his The Science of Sleep: It's too silly, and straining too hard to be weird.
A would-be heart-tugging, inspiring paean to the do-it-yourself ethic/aesthetic and its concomitant community-building powers, the latest film from visual lo-fi innovator Michel Gondry is slight and finally unconvincing, alas.
Be Kind Rewind is, on one level, about the magic that can happen in fairy tales -- and only in fairy tales -- when enough people who like the good old ways band together to keep things simple yet cunning.
Be Kind Rewind explores the meaning of originality, but it's also a fable about art and social change.
A fragile, somewhat precious celebration of DIY filmmaking and cult-film consumption.
Only crazy rubber-faced Jack Black could pull off such a spoofy, overly-eager slapdash of a project.
Most of Be Kind Rewind feels as silly and undisciplined as the mini-movies cooked up by its hapless heroes.
Gondry might think he's parodying dumb comedies in which poor people rally to save beloved institutions from foreclosure -- but too often Be Kind Rewind just resembles them.
In Michel Gondry's estimation, we're defined by our dreams, our art, and our histories, a conviction he once again expresses with whimsical, lyrical inventiveness.
Michel Gondry has taken a stunning leap forward with Be Kind Rewind. It's his most successful film.
It may be full of madcap surrealism and clever-clever meta-cinematic touches, but it is also an unfashionably good-natured film with real heart. Oddball, endearing, and very, very funny...
A people's cinema rough cut heart so squarely in the right place over in Passaic as opposed to Hollywood, that it's pretty much hard to resist.
Not as quirky as Gondry's previous movies but not quite mainstream either. [It] has enough heart in the end to make up for the fact that it isn't nearly as funny as its premise might suggest.
A scruffy, likeable little comedy, even though it's not actually very funny or involving.
Anyone who has ever made a no-budget home movie, replete with exaggerated performances and makeshift props out of The Warriors, will hold a special place in their heart for Be Kind Rewind
A sweet and simple story that aims to be no bigger than it is, a shaggy dog fable about dreams and the transformative power of even the worst movies.
Gondry would seem to have intended Be Kind Rewind more as a generous, sweet-tempered comic fable. But the souffle never rises.
The storyline is utterly improbable, but Gondry thrives in an alternate world of whimsy and conviviality.
A potentially brilliant idea for a movie has been squandered.
One of Gondry's weakest films, this one-note comedy is a short stretched to the limits of a feature-length movie that even pros like Jack Black can't rescue.
For all of Gondry's undeniable talent, it would be hard to imagine him pulling off this delicate and even cornball conceit without his star, Jack Black.




@highlight

Slighter and less disciplined than Gondry's previous mind-benders.