[Demidov's] transformation from committed Communist to compassionate citizen is Hardy's gift to a film that rambles on but works well as a thriller while conveying the bleakness of life behind the Iron Curtain.
The Last Five Years is Anna Kendrick's tour de force, and she sings her heart out, nearly breaking ours in the process.
The two leads manage to carry the day through sheer gumption.
It feels like a music video that refuses to end.
The chemistry between Kendrick and Jordan is what stitches the film together and makes for an entertaining if maudlin watch.
[The filmmakers have] crafted a love story so rife with cliché and stereotype that I was completely disinterested in the central break-up of two people I despised.
The unbalanced nature of the adaptation makes for a basically unsatisfying experience (Jamie, a jerk, gets his way with everything, and Cathy, a sweetheart, doesn't), but there are moments of real delight in the movie ...
Kendrick in particular has never had a better showcase. She's always been a vivid screen presence, but when she sings she's electric.
LaGravenese doesn't seem to have a particular vision for how to shoot or tell this particular story, so he just aims for the most straightforward method possible most of the time, and that ultimately cripples the film in ways it can't recover from.
Richard LaGravenese's adaptation of Jason Robert Brown's The Last Five Years presents an intriguing and compelling spin on the standard musical, and on storytelling in general.
It's a film to bring tears to the eyes of a cynic - in fact, a cynic might relish it more than anyone, since it's the counterpointing of exuberance with unashamed bleakness that makes The Last Five Years so rich.
A musical lives or dies based on the quality of its songs, and though The Last Five Years delivers some solid tunes none of them are earworms that'll stay with you beyond the closing credits.
Kendrick puts across her songs with toothsome charm and conviction but the flashback structure is cumbersome, the music isn't distinctive and Jamie is such a preening narcissist that you can't help but think Cathy is well rid of him.
A patchy adaptation of a Broadway musical -- think The Umbrellas of Williamsburg -- which is elevated but not entirely saved by the presence of Anna Kendrick in one of the two central roles.
Even if this doesn't go down in cinema history as a great musical, it's certainly well worth a watch and a listen.
This is what Fifty Shades of Grey should have been. Only instead of whips and riding crops, the female lead must submit to infidelity and career humiliation.
An unpleasant couple sings ridiculously on-the-nose lyrics about the collapse of a romance that we are given no way to sympathize with or understand. Absolute torture.
LaGravenese's direction remains appreciably intimate, ensuring this project ends up close to where it began: not one for the ages, perhaps, but a pretty good night out nevertheless.
This may not be the "Happily Ever After" movie you wanted on Valentine's Day weekend, but it's the most real movie you'll see about love.
An intriguing study of couples balancing their career with their relationship, but we get lost in the monotonous music, and crave just a proper, good old-fashioned conversation.
Anna Kendrick, of all-round-awesome fame, is singing again in this adaptation of an off-Broadway musical.
Careers and love collide in this cathartic New York-set sing-a-long session that relishes both life's highs and lows, only occasionally hitting bum notes.
Despite tuneless songs, Kendrick's and Jordan's bursting-to-wilting performances are worth the 90 minutes invested in this swiftly moving, set-to-music anatomy of a marriage.
While it doesn't do anything glaringly wrong, neither does it do much to distinguish itself, or to warrant recommending it to anyone outside of the Glee fan community.
The tunes are almost as depressing as the scenario itself.
A heartbreaking and human-scaled musical romance that burns as brightly as its two stars, Anna Kendrick and Jeremy Jordan.
I love that Anna Kendrick is frequently making musicals, and hope she keeps doing so. And that the next few are better than this
It doesn't help that the songs, while solid, become repetitive in melody. And there's not a home run in the bunch. I walked out humming ... nothing from this movie.
The ins-and-outs of love propel the star-making motions of The Last Five Years, a modest, slightly ragged but oh-so-engaging adaptation of the off-Broadway musical about the forward-and-back memories of a relationship all but certain to be dashed.
LaGravenese has pulled off a tricky feat. The Last 5 Years may have a limited audience among musical comedy lovers (since there's nothing blowing up and no witches involved), but they will be appreciative.
It's about the bungled and the botched who want to love, try to love, and make a hash of it all because they are human. It's a lovely film by a lovely man who once had Robin Williams woo Amanda Plummer with 'I have a hard-on the size of Florida.'
Telling the tough truth instead of being lied to with a glamorized version of theatre through rose-colored glasses, "The Last Five Years" establishes Anna Kendrick as a serious singer through Jason Robert Brown's naturally flowing, unpretentious music.
Transferred to film its artificiality becomes oppressive...the realistic backgrounds accentuate the synthetic nature of the piece rather than mitigating it.
It's bland, earnest, and receptive, and in order to capture it, the director Richard LaGravenese thinks he needs more crane shots than Citizen Kane.
Star Anna Kendrick's appeal is stretched to its limit here, and her lover Jeremy Jordan's character is hard to take in large doses.
There's a tendency to try to assign blame in the aftermath of a failed romance, but The Last Five Years won't or, maybe, can't do such a thing.
The best strategy for getting through "The Last Five Years" is to keep telling yourself that the next five minutes can't be as bad as the last five minutes.
LaGravenese should be commended for his vision and tenacity, which has helped to create a piece that should be catnip to fans of the modern musical theatre -- and in these post-Glee days, who isn't?
When The Last Five Years ends, rather than experiencing a sucker punch to the gut, all that one really feels is... nothing.
The Last Five Years is a small, bootstrap kind of movie, obviously a labor of love, and it works well because of the passion, charisma and Broadway belts of the two leads.
An 'indie' musical, not just in its modest production values but also in the emotional intensity of its mumblecore-esque focus on the romantic and career struggles of a pair of artsy young people in a big city.
Despite the considerable chemistry and energy Kendrick and Jordan bring to their starring-crossed lovers, The Last Five Years emerges as a surprisingly inert musical experience chronicling one of the most passive romantic breakups committed to film.
Kendrick and Jordan seem too squeaky-clean to convey the full weight of the characters' psychological baggage, yet LaGravenese's balanced, unpretentious direction allows the material to resonate all the same.
Jordan comes out of this movie respectably, while Kendrick comes out of it a star. In fact, she's potentially the first great movie musical star of her generation.
A very funny, deeply affecting portrait of love lost and found.
As far as I'm concerned, Anna Kendrick can make a musical twice annually for the next few decades.
Great even if you hate musicals.
Spirit is missing from "The Last Five Years," at least a cinematic one.
Try to imagine an episode of Girls, scrubbed of honesty and told in song through a punch-drunk lens.
How delicious that one of the best movie musicals in years -- and one of the best musical adaptations ever -- concedes that the job is almost too tough to do.
Detailing the ups and downs of romance, Kendrick and Jordan enchant on screen.
The songs become repetitive and seem like merely a different way to present familiar material.
The film is an enchanting creation -- a showcase for Kendrick's rising star, but also a bold shot in the arm for the musical genre itself.
Moving and bittersweet, with great songs performed by two very skilled performers.
Kendrick qualifies as the movie's secret weapon - actually not so secret now that she's charmed audiences in both 'Into the Woods' and 'Pitch Perfect.'
Musical adaptation has charming stars; some racy stuff.
Excellent. In addition to the sophistication of Jason Robert Brown's songs, it uses a sophisticated dramatic device...that is pulled off beautifully. One couldn't ask for a better pairing than Anna Kendrick and Jeremy Jordan.
The camera moves with heightened sensitivity, as if on currents of emotion, and Kendrick is infinitely winning. She's that rare thing, a movie star with a trained soprano.
Even though there are relatable hurtful truths found in this uncompromising pair, there isn't enough specialness in the characters or their story to make us feel for them.
This skeletal, near-sung-through study of a broken marriage is so mishandled and basically unengaging that it will do little to advance the case of movie musicals.
...Richard LaGravenese has fashioned a series of compellingly performed musical numbers hanging off of a hit-and-miss backwards/forwards structure and a romance that's more sexual attraction than emotional intimacy.
This bare-bones adaptation is more of a sop to the musical's fans than a fully imagined movie musical.
Songs that tell their story from both their points of view are among the smartest show tunes this side of Stephen Sondheim.
If you're not going to break out of the box when you move mediums with a musical, it is critical to use the box very, very well. Unfortunately, "The Last Five Years" does neither.
The songs are smart and "Company"-era Sondheimesque, courtesy of composer Jason Robert Brown, and director Richard LaGravenese has done a stylish, fast-paced job.
Musical theatre fans will rejoice but those not fond of production numbers as problem solvers will wonder what all the fuss is about.
...The Last Five Years, by tying itself to such a high-concept setup, feels more inevitable than invigorating.
Don't be surprised if, settling into "The Last Five Years" with your popcorn, you hear a large number of people around you singing rather than crunching.
"The film is the least enjoyable among [Kendrick's musical] efforts, its considerable ambitions undermined by charmless songs and a frustratingly cursory love story."
Kendrick sings her heart out and also proves a great reactor, managing to steal a couple of scenes from Jordan even when he's the one singing.
The sublime Anna Kendrick and Jeremy Jordan work miracles, giving glorious voice to their roles, making it easy to overlook the failings in The Last Five Years. Let it in and it knocks you back on your heels. Just like love.
Kendrick does the dramatic heavy lifting here as a woman struggling to break free from her husband's large shadow and find her destiny. She nails the comedy as well ...
Stars Anna Kendrick and Jeremy Jordan are earnest and often appealing in "The Last Five Years," even if the musical romance never completely finds its footing.
The engaging leads make this musical romance watchable
If there's any thought to the screen musical being revived as more than a Broadway brand extension, Kendrick makes the emphatic case that she's the star it should be built around.
Whatever charm or musicality the stage version had, Richard LaGravenese's film adaptation of 'The Last Five Years' is a complete bust.
From moment to moment, this Last Five Years is a robust entertainment, often stirring, sad, and funny.
What's most exciting about The Last Five Years is how, unless you are attuned to small, modern musical theatre, this will be an entirely fresh production, but not an amateur one.
One leaves curiously non-depressed.
For lovers of mature musicals, fans of Anna Kendrick, and devotees of cleverly plotted love stories.
The film mostly skirts any connection to musical theater as though it were faintly embarrassed.
Small in size yet vast in profundity, "The Last Five Years" is a sincere, understated miracle of a musical.
You better LOVE musicals before even thinking of sitting through The Last Five Years.
...a passable musical adaptation that seems geared more towards fans of the source material than to neophytes.
Let's be nice and call this an acquired taste.
As with all great musical performances, it's about range. Kendrick hits the notes, both emotional and musical. She's reason alone to seek it out.
"The Last Five Years" is the full blown musical that Kendrick seemed destined to make, but unfortunately it's too much of a good thing, a film that's ultimately for musical enthusiasts only.
A moving, at times magnificent work, The Last Five Years showcases some pretty immense talents in a fairly intimate setting, combining a witty libretto with memorable tunes and a well-structured story. One of the best musicals in many years.
There must have been some spark of inspiration that made director Richard LaGravenese believe this hermetic construct might benefit from the larger breathing space of screen treatment. But it doesn't.
It's easy to fall in love with Anna Kendrick and Jeremy Jordan in this heart-breaking musical two-hander, as they retrace a love affair from opposite ends.
While Kendrick especially melts the heart, the film adaptation from writer-director Richard LaGravenese ends up being a tad too insular to fully captivate.
These tunes are soulful, funny, and dear god does Anna Kendrick belt them out.
The Last 5 Years has some catchy tunes, a clever structure, and Anna Kendrick. When it comes to breezy romantic musicals, it's hard to ask for much more.

@highlight

The Last Five Years hits a few awkward notes in its transition from stage to screen, but its freshness and sincere charm -- and well-matched stars -- offer their own rewards.