It's the kitchen-sink chapter.
If you've been disappointed with the way the series has been going up until this point, Saw 3D isn't exactly going to change how you feel.
Saw 3D is the seventh Saw I've seen, and maybe the sickest-which is exactly what I said about Saw VI.
The 3D effects don't help at all in this bland and easily-forgettable entry in the long-running series.
Another thin Saw franchise installment. Fans of the series will find plenty of the same horrors to enjoy but the film furthers the series' decline into mediocrity.
If only the people behind this series would watch some of the older horror films to discover what makes them good. Although, after six clones of the same film, it seems unlikely that they'll ever be able to figure it out.
Unlikely to satisfy anyone but its most loyal fans, this brings the series to a stumbling close.
It wasn't the finale I had wanted, relying mostly on unimpressive revisions on previous films attempting to create a series-spanning plot against one man.
Clearly the Producers have no more ideas for this franchise. It's a good thing they are ending the way they wanted to. To bad its not an ending fans will enjoy or deserve.
The novelty has worn off and familiarity has kicked in as the creators show no signs of deviating from a well-worn formula. Now it's the Police Academy of its style.
The epic, game-changing twist of an ending which brings the series effectively full circle, is so ridiculously, even laughably over-the-top and off-the-rails that it feels more akin to the quirky, self-aware tone set by the last film.
The Saw franchise ends with a blood-soaked whimper.
Fast-paced and straight-faced, and full of "ewwww!' moments that play up to the film's effectively cheesy use of 3D.
Saw 3D may just be the Saw-iest Saw film of them all.
Well, I think I've finally seen the final "Saw," this time in 3D.
R.I.P., Jigsaw. Stay dead.
More proof that the MPAA's ratings system is useless: If the level of gory violence in these Chuck Jones-meets-Herschell Gordon Lewis set-pieces doesn't demand an NC-17 designation, what does?
Hate...HATE!!!
The filmmakers continue to regurgitate the same pile of puke each and every year for us to lap up. Sure, those chewed chunks of bile-soaked carrot are now in "eye-popping" 3D, but that certainly doesn't make them taste any better.
It's kind of amusing in the sheer silliness of its splattery shenanigans. I don't think that was intended, but I'll take whatever value I can get out of the thing.
The 3D is barely-there, the clanging machine-rock soundtrack is merciless, and the traps are decidedly ho-hum. Even running its final lap, Saw still oozes mediocrity.
If this is actually the last gasp for Saw, it goes out on the same note it's played for years -- screaming bloody murder.
One Jigsaw that should never be put back together.
This repetitive round of mind-numbing, stupidly-elaborate traps will have you pleading for your soul to be saved by Tinkerbell, not Tobin Bell.
Any of the flair and invention still left over from the previous six films is used up in the extended opening sequence.
The alleged final installment in the death-game series goes out with a whimper -- and the 3D visuals, apart from a few screen-popping squirts of blood, do little to accentuate the gore.
Where is the "x" rating when we need it! Violence is often more pornographic than sex.
Aside from the clever engineering of the traps (and perhaps one two-timing trollop that had it coming), the story is formulaic at best.
Stop. Please, just ... stop.
I don't get the entertainment of having someone's lower intestines spill on the floor if we're never asked to understand, relate, care or even laugh about the person involved.
A gory, slapdash entry that ditches some of the somberness of its predecessors, yet again finds its narrative adventurousness drowned out by flat staging and unimaginative direction.
Though the film hardly ends the series on a triumphant note, it still qualifies as one of the better entries.
Like a stumpy limb requiring quick cauterization via steam pipe (our first cringe), the Saw series is begging for closure.
Say what you will about the tediousness, acting ineptitude, and infantilism of Saw 3D, but you can't say it doesn't go all the way.
Strange, dumb, and sometimes even fun.
This series never cared for filmmaking. It never cared for human life. Now it doesn't even care for its audience or itself, scraping together the gist of the other movies, simply in order to have something to sell for Halloween.
Saw has shown a ferocious unwillingness to evolve.
...sure to leave the franchise's followers thoroughly satisfied (and, of course, clamoring for more)...
Slasher flicks have never been big on story, but the "Saw" franchise sets the art of screenwriting back to the stone age. Good horror movies scare you, this one just puts you in a bad mood.
The ad campaign has stressed that Saw 3D is the last Saw movie ever. Strange, cos the film ends with a twist that sets up yet ANOTHER flamin' sequel.
With all the money this series has behind it, couldn't the studio have hired a director and writers who had the ability to set a little mood? Make at least something of an effort? Obviously, not.
Mostly stupid and has a crudely whipped-together plot that is in no meaningful way different from the series norm; some grand finale.
The same old putrid corpse.
I'm grateful that I (presumably) never have to see any more of these ever again.
I would have preferred a better written film with relevant action that hinged on Jigsaw's original spirit than this mess of a splatterfest.
The ostensibly final movie in the increasingly preposterous Saw series offers neither much drama nor horror, unfortunately for audiences.
Saw 3D suffers from deja vu. Not only are they running out of new killing-machine ideas (too many seem to be merely some sort of elaborate drill apparatus), they're running out of reasons to kill people.
Be aware: if you see the film in a theater equipped with RealD 3D and Dolby sound, you'll come away with a pretty good idea of what it would feel like to have flying body parts hit you in the face.
Cinema's premier torture-porn franchise at long last comes to a grisly end with Saw 3D, its seventh and possibly most meritless entry. And that's saying something.
Saw 3D is sicko-exploitative, viscera-spewing trash, but at least it has a lean and mean pace and focus, and it isn't clotted with backstory.
There are a scattering of infallibly cringe-making horrors, but on the whole Saw 3D could do with more depth.
You know things are bad when you've started feeling sorry for your villain.
All Greutert had to do was keep the film on par with the rest. Sadly, not only did he fail miserably, but he had to take all of the other six films down with him.
I was actually rather bored by this listless and, if you'll excuse the pun, lifeless sequel, and if it is the concluding chapter in my humble opinion it is a final cut that couldn't have come soon enough.
It's unfortunate that the creators killed off their villain so early in the series, since Mandylor's Hoffman is an exceedingly bland stand-in.
At least for non-fans, the sole mercy shown by Lionsgate's latest Saw is that it's billed as the last and plays that way, wrapping things up without the threat of making another killing after this one.
Isn't in the least smart or scary; even worse, it's deadly dull.
a sloppy, subpar slasher flick
Lackluster 3D effects will dampen the trick-or-treat holiday enthusiasm.
Saw 3D is the dumbest and most illogical entry in the Saw series -- quite an accomplishment, given that the Saw movies are the dumbest, most illogical series of horror films of the millennium.
The 3D is bad. The acting is bad. The kills and torture sequences are mediocre. The ending is underwhelming. Do you really want to spend $15 dollars to see this movie?
My most not favorite Saw film. I don't know that I'll watch it again but I'll at least keep the ending in mind as I rewatch my more favorite Saw films and show them to my kids.
The combination of convoluted storytelling and often grueling-to-watch death traps will make you say, 'Thank God that's over!' ... and you may as well be referring to the entire franchise at this point.
Fails to do anything memorable with its alleged "last chapter" status. Rather disappointing.
One can only hope that someone or something kills off this series before 4D becomes the theater circuit rage. (Parental Review Also Available)
It's all bunk and has been for years.
The central storyline is starting to feel really played out, but there's a palpable sense of actual fun to this alleged final film.
They're just going through the motions, only this time they try to compensate for a lack of ingenuity by having the guts splatter in three dimensions.
Um, lack of multi-dimensional flying body parts wasn't this series' problem.
Goes down in history as the most unnecessarily convoluted horror franchise of all time, and that's the nicest thing you can say about it.
This grisly anticlimactic offering is bound to piss fans off.
I passed on the special Saw 3D glasses. That was my first mistake. Maybe the special Saw 3D glasses filtered out the suckiness.
I want to know how a madman has the time to manufacture all these robot puppets on tricycles and still make room for his nightly Hot Pocket and DVRed episode of Two and a Half Men.
Incomprehensible story, cheesy dialogue, poor execution, cheap production value - Saw 3D hits for the cycle of bad filmmaking.
As a fan of the series, it was impossible not to be bothered by how little time was spent with either Jigsaw or Gordon, the characters that mean the most to the series at this point.
What SAW VII doesn't have: a decent plot, characters you care about and an ounce of credulity. This is so over-the-top and convoluted it's goofy.
For what it is, Saw 7 is serviceable.

@highlight

Sloppily filmed, poorly acted, and illogically plotted, Saw 3D leaves viewers trapped in the most lackluster installment of the series.