It takes awhile for the action sequences in Snitch to offer payoff for the building tension, but when they do, they aren't obligatory, and they carry more meaning. That may also be why they feel so much more realistic, in spite of an exploding car or two.
This frowning, mostly funless effort logs the action with bluntly defined secondary characters.
"Snitch" is passable thanks to a sturdy second act and a decent performance by Dwayne Johnson, but it's never captivating.
Effectively illustrates the great heights we occasionally rise to for the ones we love.
Snitch runs close to two hours, and it's a credit to Summit Entertainment that they didn't reduce it to 90 minutes of Mexican drug loons trying to run John's truck off the highway.
Although hardly original, this tightly paced story will keep you invested through to the end
A pseudo-serious hand-wringing action drama that uses social importance to disguise its unoriginality.
It's intense and involving from the start, even when it turns preachy.
Snitch wants to be Breaking Bad. When the camera's on Johnson, it's just bad.
Teeth are gritted, shaven-heads stroked, families hugged, moist-eyes blinked - but it's the sight of big things getting smashed to pieces that endures, and ultimately bores.
Its smaller, quieter moments instill hope that Johnson can stretch even further and become worthy of much stronger material.
Dwayne Johnson tries to flex his acting muscles in this smarter-than-usual action movie, based on a true story that gets under our skin.
Directed by stuntman Ric Roman Waugh, Snitch is also a surprisingly thoughtful affair.
If Snitch ultimately perishes from over-ambition, at least it's an honourable death.
Good intentions are all but submerged in nonsense.
Spurious isn't the word. Po-faced anti-drug film based on the silliest legal loophole ever.
Neither clever nor stupid enough to work.
Overall Snitch aims to entertain and yank a parental heartstring but events unfold, it lessens the effect and cultivates in a forehead-slapping ending that does raise the odd snigger.
Johnson has the acting chops for this more dramatic fare and the story is exciting and thought-provoking.
Consider it time well served.
The script can't quite decide whether it's a serious emotional drama or a pumped-up action flick and it ends up disappointing on both counts as a result.
Overall it's a solid thriller that hints at a life beyond blockbusters for its leading man.
What's undeniably credibility-cracking is the idea of The Rock as an Ordinary Joe in jeopardy.
Works well as a logistical crime-drama that sometimes veers into far-fetchedness.
[Director Rick Roman] Waugh is self indulgent in his approach to the material, and the dialogue occasionally bogs in preachy rhetoric. Once one moves beyond these annoyances, Snitch works as a simple and enjoyable action thriller.
Snitch should have been called Bait and Switch.
In a welcome change of gear, over-sized action man Dwayne "The Rock" Johnson puts aside his usual repertoire of grunts, wisecracks...and rampant machine gunning for a more downbeat, dramatic performance in this solid, fact-inspired tale. And it works.
The Rock looks like a superhero, and that undermines this film's multi-pronged approach to making a more 'grounded' Dwayne Johnson vehicle.
An unbelievable tale of a good dad who has to work with the bad guys to save his son from jail.
Delivering above expectations, Snitch ratchets it up beyond the average superficial action thriller in its portrayal of a gritty slice of life, being the consequences for actions taken in dire circumstances
Less of a mindless, violent action film (which we've had enough of, at least for a few months) and more of a suspense thriller-- and not a bad one at that.
While not the balls-out action movie the marketing suggests, this Rock-powered family drama is not without its moments.
Part of the problem is that Waugh, who comes from a background in stunt work, can't keep his fingers out of the cookie jar of macho action clichés.
Makes its point, bluntly.
A thoughtful, slow-boiling, politically charged thriller. It takes an hour for Dwayne to become The Rock, but it's worth the wait.
This surprisingly gritty drama stars Dwayne Johnson, not wrestling star The Rock, which may disappoint those looking for a meat-headed action flick.
Snitch's storyline has distinct echoes of Breaking Bad but it's hard to say where to place it on the proverbial TV dial due to its sometimes clumsy shifts between Lifetime-style earnestness and a tougher sensibility better suited to FX.
I haven't decided whether Mr. Waugh is actually on a fool's errand or merely charged with a thankless task, but the film doesn't really work in either intended capacity.
During the 95 minutes of undemanding viewing you'll spend with this film on an upcoming Saturday night, you'll easily pretend that the lone "good guy with a gun" is a thing that can actually combat evil...
A U.S. attorney cannot authorize the set up of a civilian drug sting. Can you imagine the liability concerns if something goes wrong? And, because this is Hollywood, you can bet plenty goes wrong.
Dwayne Johnson actually almost emotes in this thing.
The scene where Matthews searches for "cartels" on Wikipedia is as (unintentionally) hilarious as Michael Bolton looking up "money laundering" in the dictionary.
...this is probably the most impressive performance that Johnson has given on film.
Snitch is a movie that doesn't play its marquee star cheap. Dwayne Johnson leaves his preening pro wrestling persona at the door, never doffing his shirt or lifting an eyebrow while playing a guy in way over his head.
Serious and suspenseful, as Dwayne Johnson uses brains, not brawn to protect his son.
The film tries to paint in shades of gray with vague criticisms of the war on drugs, but the absurdity of its he-man Everyman plot ends up turning its moral palette a muddy brown.
"Snitch" will offer a handful of excitement, but nothing that is worth rushing out for.
Has a sobering message underneath its action-movie surface-and behind the marquee power of its muscle-bound leading man.
Taut, suspenseful, insightful, and relentless, Snitch lets Dwayne Johnson display some acting chops and places Michael Kenneth Williams squarely on any casting director's radar.
Dwayne Johnson's gives his best performance yet in this true story of a father's love; "The Rock" is now a name of the past.
When I saw this film I was reminded of a documentary film I saw last year called 'The House I Live In' which explores the disaster of America's War on Drugs. Based on a true story, 'Snitch' explores some of the same issues.
Contrary to the suggestion of its misleading trailer, it's not really an action movie but a slow-burning and legitimate neo-noir -- the type of dark but not despairing feature that might have starred Glenn Ford in the 1950s.
In the end, this is a movie that lives or dies on Johnson's performance, and luckily, the actor is perfect ...
The action feels awkward and incomplete while the dramatics are drawn out to the point of preposterousness.
I certainly don't want to oversell the film ... Still, moviegoers finding themselves between The Rock and a hard place -- say, an auditorium showing the new Die Hard debacle -- might agree that a switch to Snitch isn't a bad idea at all.
The action thriller "Snitch" is more thriller than action.
Snitch is not the action movie that some viewers might have been expecting but that's not a bad thing - it delivers a surprisingly engaging character drama instead.
I was pleasantly surprised that the film is more than just a nearly two-hour, dumbed-down, testosterone-fueled collection of cinematic mayhem. (Full Content Review for Parents also available)
Snitch isn't anyone's idea of a great film, but it aspires to be a good one.
Snitch is not your typical Dwayne Johnson action movie. For starters, there's hardly any action in it. It also has more going on inside its head than you would expect. The movie turns out to be a very pleasant surprise.
Yes, this is a film where The Rock Wikipedias "drug cartels." But somehow it works.
Dwayne Johnson officially leaves his Rockness behind in the thoughtful, gritty Snitch
Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson isn't an 'ordinary man.' That's why he has a nickname and looks like a real-life superhero. That's just one problem with this film.
It may not mean much in terms of action, but what Snitch lacks in explosions, it more than makes up for by delivering a message that needs to be heard.
[Dwayne Johnson] may not be doing Hamlet any time soon, but he keeps trying to stretch himself, which may be why he is the most interesting of the current action stars.
The incredibly moronic premise has no heft or momentum. Not a moment is believable and the whole thing just hurts.
Far from Rock-solid.
Fact-based thriller paints harsh picture of drug trade.
Dwayne Johnson really tests the limits of his acting ability in Snitch. Its stale dialogue, the way emotion and action seems to be milked until the very end, and unintentionally humorous dialogue confine the film to its average restraints.
Oh sure, the film's about 20 minutes too long, the pacing is all over the place and the movie's star Dwayne "The Rock" Johnson couldn't carry a dramatic scene in a paper bag. But I say again, not terrible.
Despite its apparent compromises to noble finger-wagging (initially) and requisite fist-pumping (eventually), Waugh has fashioned a sturdy character-first entertainment out of Snitch.
Dwayne Johnson tries so hard to be taken seriously in the ponderous and preposterous drama Snitch that it hurts to watch him in much the same way it hurts to watch the weightlifting competition at the summer Olympics.
Ultimately, unfortunately, this is a property that probably would have been better as one of Johnson's old, less ambitious films - straightforwardly violent, and crammed with two-fisted revenge - than as this more polite, issue-oriented thriller.
What a pleasant surprise.
When the list of the year's most eminently forgettable films is drawn up at the end of 2013, "Snitch" will likely be near the top.
"Snitch" is protein-and-starch filmmaking at its utilitarian -- and belly-filling -- best.
A bit of editing down and a lot less self-importance could have made this not only a compelling drama, but a compelling argument that Johnson could be more than just an action star.
Unable to fall back on his default strongman setting, Johnson is more human than we've seen him before.
Serious action thriller filmmaking for a change in Hollywood, bristling with the strange connection between drug cartels and the US government when it comes to the draconian drug sentencing laws on the books.
Since they were fictionalizing it anyway, why not give it a little life?
It is easy to fault Snitch for trying to be two seemingly incompatible films at once. I, for one, am deeply grateful that Waugh does a passable job of juggling when too many filmmakers have trouble keeping one ball in the air.
While this is an extremely unlikely and farfetched scenario, I'll be damned if it doesn't work.
A fun concept brought down to stultifyingly low levels by an interminable running time and a musical score that never changes its tone.
Seeing as Snitch begins as a naïve social commentary, it's perhaps only fitting that the movie ends with simplistic, chaotic bursts of violence.
a preposterous, thoroughly unrealistic scenery-chewing drama masquerading as an action movie
The bulk of 'Snitch' is a lumbering drag, a sanitized PG-13 rendition of a season of 'The Wire' that feels rushed even as it refuses to end.
Dwayne Johnson has his best performance yet as a father fighting to save his son from a grave injustice.
Its greatest crime is that the film goes on for way too long and loses momentum halfway through the proceedings.
Isn't just a pleasant surprise, it's also the first 'get up and go see it!' movie of 2013.
Dwayne Johnson doesn't just want to be The Rock. And perhaps he is more after all. Despite his professional wrestling fame, "Snitch" is Johnson's plea to be respected as a true, dramatic actor.
It's broad and brawny, dealing with a subject matter that requires a fine touch of intimacy and stillness. No amplification was necessary.
There is little room for denial that "Snitch" means well, but there also isn't anything to give it those extra shots of immediacy, grit and verve it so desperately needs.
Dumb as it sounds, it zips along. Taking a stand against mandatory minimum sentences seems to have provided the director, Ric Roman Waugh, and the actors with a sense of purpose.
There isn't much to dislike about Snitch, but it's not the most subtle of movies.
A thriller that hints at gangbusters action, but delivers some of the weakest, most ineptly photographed action scenes in memory
Snitch makes entertaining work of entwining elements of family drama, raw action and a message movie without feeling trite or heavy-handed.
The dialogue is preachy, the drama too earnest and the action kind of sluggish, though it's hard not to get a jolt when Johnson jumps behind the wheel.
Based on a true story, it has the weirdness of real life, which is good. But also like real life, it has that funny way of not making much sense or being all that enjoyable.
We never feel the sense of peril that would create some tension, and we miss the expected sense of satisfaction when no cans of whup-ass are opened.
In its focus on an ordinary family facing a nightmarish scenario, Snitch is a terrifying but relatable story.
There have been worse movies this year, but none that are so miserably tedious that an actor's facial hair steals the show.
Mr. Johnson's screen presence, however charismatic, is out of sync with the rest of the movie.
By focusing on the story and dramatic elements, "Snitch" sacrifices more action than necessary but after sitting through "Die Hard 5", any story that makes sense is a welcome change.
"Snitch" can get slow at points but what it lacks in action it makes up for in story, and right now that seems like a fair trade.
Whatever lizard-brain fun might have been had in watching Johnson do battle against a drug cartel is weakened by the occasional hard tug at the social conscience. The film winds up divided against itself.
In "Snitch," Dwayne Johnson delivers a strong, disciplined performance as an ordinary civilian trapped in a Kafkaesque corner of the legal system.
"Snitch" takes on the demeanor of its star: It's earnest, genuine, likeable, a bit of an underdog.
Someone please get director Ric Roman Waugh a tripod!
Its nominal outrage over the severity of our nation's sentencing laws for first-time drug offenders is quickly subsumed by a jacked-up narrative of a father going to extremes to save his son.
A surprisingly gritty, low-key thriller. Highly recommended
Father infiltrates drug cartel to rescue his son from prison in a thoughtful Dwayne Johnson vehicle.
The dearth of new movies at the multiplex and Dwayne Johnson's draw may make for a lucrative opening weekend but not beyond.
Snitch is a decent little crime thriller that pokes into some of the uglier nooks and crannies of the mandatory minimum laws for drug offences.
Ultimately, the social-issue element of the movie gets buried in the wreckage, but it's comforting to know it's there.
Roman Waugh alternately hits his audience over the head with plot points..and fails to convince with others...But the real problem is that John [Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson] is never sympathetic...
Nobody is going to confuse a Dwayne Johnson movie with "Les Misérables." But "Snitch" gets a decent amount of drama (and action, of course) out of the argument that there's paying for a crime, and then there's overpaying.
For all its lunkheadedness, "Snitch" is a shockingly deeper, less action-oriented affair than one would expect ...
It settles for contrivances, melodrama and absurd action that comes completely out of left field and feels studio-mandated.
Williams, Bernthal and Pepper ride to the rescue of the marquee talent, and also to Snitch.
Earns points for dealing with a serious social issue...but by trying to pass muster as a conventional action movie while delivering its message, it comes up a mite short.
A glorified TV movie ...
An engrossing balance of drama and thriller, "Snitch" introduces a minefield of compromised morality, where every action taken or not taken could lead to a worse predicament for its hero.
The B-movie action version of an advocacy doc: It tries (with some success) to show the inequity in a system in which a first offender on a drug charge can, in many cases, spend more time behind bars than a rapist, or armed robber, or even a murderer.
Half crime thriller, half family drama, with a bit of legal and behind-prison-walls suspense thrown in, "Snitch" is like watching an elephant on ice: inelegant, but you admire the effort.
We could overlook the anachronisms if the story moved fast enough.
When The Rock falls, he falls hard.
The movie doesn't convince us that any of this stuff went down this way, but it did make me want to see the PBS "Frontline" episode that details what really happened.
In its modern way, Snitch is almost Dickensian in its intent, missing no opportunity for melodramatic confrontation as it puts a (baby) face on a social ill.
Unfortunately, Snitch is torn between being an ideological drama and a more traditional action film -- and Johnson's presence only contributes to the confusion.
I can say, with all sincerity, that 'Snitch' is not bad.
I think the movie actually made my heart beat slower.
"Snitch" is more of a dramatic thriller than an action movie, and director Ric Roman Waugh fills it with close-ups, dark interiors and tense faces.
"Snitch" has a way of keeping you guessing about the next turn in its story, and a way of keeping Johnson's character compellingly at the mercy of others.
It builds into a moderately engaging character study of men driven to dangerous extremes by desperation ...
This movie executes two missions: A) to entertain us; and B) to put some big exclamation points on a couple of messages about certain drug laws in this country in need of a thorough re-examination.
An incredible human story filled with tension and drama that leaves you thinking in a way we rarely get from typical 'action movies' these days.
Waugh is more interested in inspirational melodrama and clumsy social commentary than in rousing action.
Snitch is the latest in a long line of films whose sole purpose is to flatten a major social problem into a pulp ideal for self-serious spectacle.
A straight-no digital chaser actioner, with the most subtle Dwayne Johnson performance ever.
Dwayne Johnson continues to develop as an actor in this well produced thriller, which quite effectively blends conventions of actioner, social problem film and family melodrama.
Designed to make empathetic citizens question the system, this strangely compelling issue pic plays less to auds' hearts than to their craving for testosterone ...
The film's first half is weighed down by clichéd dialogue and clunky drama.
Unusual for this sort of thing, Snitch is a film for which you remember the characters and actors more than the big action moments.

@highlight

Though it features one of Dwayne Johnson's more thoughtful performances, the presentation of Snitch 's underlying message is muddled by lackluster storytelling and some tonal inconsistencies.