It might not make any sense. It might not even matter. But it's a blast while it lasts, and it brings the most perfect of endings along with the sunrise.
That "After Hours" fails to satisfy, that it derails, that even its own director tires of the material halfway through, would disappoint no one if the name of Martin Scorsese didn't appear above the title.
The film is riddled with cryptic mysteries, not to mention Cheech and Chong, and it plays as an urbane older brother to David Lynch's psychosexual masterpiece Blue Velvet.
As absurdist angst-ridden comedy, "After Hours" isn't flawless. As Martin Scorsese's way of using art to cathartically shake off bugaboos, exorcise demons and bounce back stronger after major dream-project setbacks, it's its own sort of masterpiece.
The more bizarre and frantic the material, the more I felt the strength and sureness of Scorsese's directorial hand, taming the screenplay's goblins and rendering them harmless.
After Hours is dazzling movie making; you could get a giddy kick just from cinematographer Michael Ballhaus' shot as a set of house keys floats down toward the camera, tossed from a top-floor apartment.
One of the best self-conscious black comedies to come along in a long time, Martin Scorsese`s After Hours is a film that delivers humor and anxiety like a smack in the face with an amphetamine pie.
Like many of Scorsese's earlier pictures, After Hours has a fascination with the bizarre. But the new film is lighter in spirit than any Scorsese film, with the possible exception of Alice Doesn't Live Here Anymore.
It's weird, wonderful and wildly funny.
It's not that they don't make comedies like After Hours anymore. The fact is there's never been a comedy quite like this one.
It's his most-un-Scorsese-like film, and it's an overlooked gem.
...never quite generates the comic flow its story needs.
This is one of Scorsese's best, and one of my favorites of his.
[Scorsese's] tendency toward hollow showboating has rarely been more in evidence ... Ends as a tolerable but annoyingly atonal exercise made by artists with little if anything on their minds.
The result is a delirious and challenging comedy, a postmodern Ulysses in Nighttown.
Martin Scorsese's take on NYC puts a hip spin on Joe Minion's cleverly constructed nightmare.
During the 80s there was a slew of yuppie revenge flicks where film-makers visited horrors on the heads of young urban professionals and this is probably the best of that mini-genre.
Anxiety-ridden picture would have been pretty funny if it didn't play like a confirmation of everyone's worst fears about contemporary urban life.
Scorsese's orchestration of thematic development, narrative structure, and visual style is stunning in its detail and fullness; this 1985 feature reestablished him as one of the very few contemporary masters of filmmaking.
Inventive film-making of the first order.
A SoHo version of Ulysses? A male rendition of Alice in Wonderland? In Scorsese's noir comedy, a bored, repressed Everyman becomes an alien in his own town, subjected to one surreal nightmare after another, mostly by women.
I love it for its unrelenting inventiveness, its constant motion and its curmudgeonly glass-half-empty outlook.
Scorsese's directing is at its best.
After Hours is not, ultimately, a satisfying film, but it's often vigorously unsettling. In this season of homogenized pap, that should be read as praise.
After Hours is like one of those stories about a driver from out of town who takes the wrong turnoff on a big city expressway and winds up having an awful but memorable story to tell the folks back home... as long as he survives.
A Kafkaesque drama about paranoia and urban living.
Scorsese's showmanship ends up enhancing the film's dreamlike, surrealist sense of encroaching hysteria.
Darkly comedic and delightfully manic, After Hours is a fresh, funny look at one man's downward mental and emotional slide into an evening of unmitigated SoHo hell.
Quintessentially New York
Scorsese's masterpiece of uncomfortable cinema
Scorsese's mortgage payment was due.
a comedy that's both uproariously funny (often in a most uncomfortable way) and deeply disturbing at the same time.
A wickedly funny black comedy.
It's one of cinema's greatest freak-outs.
One of the most desperately uncomfortable and uncomfortably hilarious dark comedies ever conceived, After Hours is unlike any comedy you've ever seen - and one you won't soon forget.
One of Scorsese's very best films. A dark parable of The Wizard of Oz, with neurosis to spare.
This is the work of a master filmmaker who controls his effects so skillfully that I was drained by this film.
This film is so bizarre that not only is it absolutely hysterical to watch, but it's also tense and frightening and one could probably benefit from a small break halfway through the film just to collect yourself.















@highlight

Bursting with frantic energy and tinged with black humor, After Hours is a masterful -- and often overlooked -- detour in Martin Scorsese's filmography.