A blood-dark satire of futuristic videogame culture that will push all your buttons.
Just spinning pictures on a string until they make a new picture and give you a bit of a headache.
Like so many movies, the set-up and presentation of Gamer is awesome. The story, characters and writing... not so much.
Wait for this one on Cable... jeez I'm saying that a lot. What is really going on in 2009?
Neveldine and Taylor simply spray their venom across the screen with little vision, once again making a friendly trip to the multiplex feel like undeserved torture.
What to make of short-attention-span artists satirizing a short-attention-span world? [Blu-ray]
Incoherent and interminable...
At times striking, and at others silly, and and yet at others sickening, but never too stupid, at least not compared to so much else flash and pop peddled to the masses these days.
a big, loud mess that loses its few good ideas in a morass of convoluted storytelling that it has, sadly, confused with stylish innovation
A streak of genius runs through this dystopian vision of a world in where VR games are played with real people ... it touches some exposed nerves before retreating into clichés.
Gamer feels like a video cheapie that just time warped in from the 1990s . . .
Like the 'Crank' films, this is an absurdly exaggerated, outlandishly crass and alternately inventive and appalling depiction of a man violently fighting to liberate himself from the forces that seek to control him...
An injection of adrenaline straight to the eye - which isn't entirely a bad thing.
If you are a gamer, and like shooters, science fiction, action, and wouldn't consider gratuitous boob shots gratuitous, you won't feel short-changing on leaving the cinema after watching Gamer.
Can I get back the ninety minutes of my life that I squandered sitting through this miasmic upchuck of techno sludge? What was the story again?
With its nano-technology synching different brains together, spyware programs attached to DNA, and a double dose of bad taste served up with a side-dish of splattered brains and skull fragments, Gamer is still mad, bad, and dangerous to know.
It won't win points for originality or depth, but the Crank boys are still on their game as far as sex, violence and sheer unapologetic excess go. High concept, high octane, highly likely to end up a post-pub staple.
While packed with guns, girls and gore, there's none of the gleeful knowingness that made their earlier films such guilty pleasures.
Crank was at least fun: this is ridiculous and grim, and in its critique of the gaming world, it bizarrely serves only to take potshots at the few people who'll actually want to see it.
Edited with the finesse of a toddler on a sherbet dib-dab rush, the film dashes from one over-stylised battle sequence to the next.
The action sequences are disappointing, there's a distinct lack of wit or invention in the direction and it's also impossible to care about the characters when they're so thinly sketched.
The film is a cacophonous mess without a single interesting character.
The best that can be said about Gamer is "straight to DVD". It's a mind-numbing dud of a movie that in reality is nothing more than a big budget computer game splashed across the silver screen with an all star cast.
Mark Neveldine and Brian Taylor deserve some credit for being upfront about their desire to deliver purely adrenaline-driven action cinema and for making it look brilliant.
Were Stanley Kubrick and Russ Meyer alive and their minds merged "Being John Malkovich"-style, the clash of their ids and egos might yield "Gamer." It will make you feel putrid, but it's satire that's sadistic, salacious and audaciously entertaining.
attempts to lure audiences in with its fast-action but also provides a surprisingly thoughtful commentary on control and freedom and the means some will go to achieve it.
Puts the viscera in visceral but a thought-provoking exploration of our increasingly disconnected society in drag as mindless action.
Takes itself far too seriously, saying nothing of timeliness or value in a banally overblown fashion.
Mark Neveldine and Brian Taylor have slowly started garnering actual critical consideration for their Crank movies; with Gamer, they make another good case for taking them seriously.
Poor editing makes Gamer overlong, and the negative portrayal of gamers is as hard to swallow as the cheesy plot.
A profound assessment of society's dangerous potential, made by people who are part of the problem.
It is, in the end, a migraine in search of a movie-goer, one that hypocritically berates pop-culture's bloodthirst even as it eagerly quenches it with a sadistic barrage of severed limbs and crushed skulls.
Perhaps the most deliriously demented film of the year. I say that with honest admiration for the deliriously demented.
A lot of good actors waste their time and talent in a very disappointing movie
In the press materials Mr. Butler informs us enthusiastically that the movie "has all the hallmarks of Neveldine's and Taylor's sick, yet genius minds." At least he's half right.
Bodies and buildings blow up but this is carnage of the most lacklustre sort, with any momentum petering out long before it's "game over."
It's a deeply cynical and joyless point of view, completely lacking in the winking visual style that made Crank worth a look.
Crass, nonstop action triumphs over narrative and character in this movie-length simulation of a video game.
As the brutish Kable, Gerard Butler must find out who's pulling his strings, but it's the audience whose chain gets yanked by this headache-inducing techno-violent mishmash.
Directors Mark Neveldine and Brian Taylor were responsible for the delirious Crank and Crank 2 but left the magic behind.
Add an element of interactivity into the hyperkinetic, repetitive action, plodding narrative, and stupefyingly obvious social commentary, and the potential might exist for something entertaining.
The game sequences are all familiar flash, and zero tension.
It's visually incomprehensible, emotionally empty, thematically nihilistic, almost entirely plotless... and it thinks those are virtues.
A cautionary tale issuing a dire warning about the prospects for humanity in a world where machines lead and people follow.
A virulently ugly, unpleasant movie to look at as well as an incredibly stupid one, an insult to the eye as well as the brain.
I happily anticipated seeing what the writer/director team of the two 'Crank' movies would come up with next.
A mindless and tedious sci-fi action film that's high on style while low on substance and palpable thrills.
It's a mess of a film mainly because the "CRANK"-style of filmmaking doesn't really fit with the material because for the most part, the movie is played straight. It's a real shame cause the premise sounded ridiculously fun
About as gloomy as looking into the head of a hacker.
For starters, it's just plain goofy.
Gamer scratches at the shameless energy of the Crank films occasionally, but it mostly goes, as if on rails, to the inevitable conclusion.
A dull slog of endless action and sex, trying so hard to push the pleasure centers on the brains of its adolescent male audience that it wears itself, and the audience, out
The action scenes are a giant blurry glob of explosions, sudden attacks and spontaneous graphic deaths.
Where Neveldine/Taylor lose their way is by trying to marry their no-shot-lasts-longer-than-five-seconds style with overstuffed storytelling.
...it's clearly intended as comedy - the two filmmakers play a constant game of "can you top this" in a manner that suggests they dared one another to make each scene loonier (and more solidly R-rated) than the last.
...a film that isn't merely offensive but borderline irresponsible, and all the more so because the filmmakers might consider that description a compliment.
This was never going to be much, but it could have been more than this.
There's plenty of violence, but the movie's already-passe fear of a Web-based world is standard-issue.
Shoot-em-up auteurs Mark Neveldine and Brian Taylor straddle the line between aping and perfectly executing violent action movies.
Butler is perfect as a piece of barbequed beef, Kyra Sedgwick plays a sexy talk-show host and there are small roles for John Leguizamo and Chris "Ludacris" Bridges.
It's clear that Neveldine and Taylor could have come up with something deeper, darker, and better for their third act. Instead, they lean on the easy cheat codes of conventionality, somehow forgetting they're better at exploding them.
Literally playing an action figure, bulky Butler doesn't deliver a performance so much as a workout routine; the best that can be said for him here is that he shows endurance.
While it's a decent and sometimes effective thriller, the guys have done better -- a lot better
Parental Content Review
Gamer is a laborious bit of sci-fi grimness that dully updates The Running Man for the 21st century.
Neveldine & Taylor have finally attained a level of crazy previously only displayed in Richard Kelly's Southland Tales.
In the space of ninety minutes, we get a body count that has to be in the triple digits, loads of T & A, and even a full on musical number
At what point would we resist an opportunity to indulge our desires in a supposedly guilt-free setting? Kudos to Gamer for managing to be both action-packed and thought-provoking.
When they open a Bad Movie Hall of Fame, there'll be a display case waiting for Amber Valletta's shorts.
There's a reason Neveldine and Taylor have been heralded by action junkies as potential saviors of the genre -- after years of interchangeable formulaic entries, they're giving audiences something different yet familiar at the same time. Is it perfect? Ha
Stunningly impersonal and underdeveloped, Gamer consists of pawns posing as people going through the motions of directors Neveldine's and Taylor's ugly orgy of style over substance.
It should be ridiculously easy to have fun with a concept like this, but the joyless, coarse, bordering-on-hostile way this whole thing is put together just smacks of contempt for not only the audience, but storytelling in general.
Neveldine & Taylor certainly have no shortage of ideas but their fundamental flaw is that as filmmakers, they have no idea of how to properly execute them.
Unfortunately, most of the ideas Neveldine and Taylor use to create an alterna-world in "Gamer" were already used to better effect in the brilliantly crappy "Crank."
click to read the full review
Gamer grabs you by the back of the head and runs you through a minefield with internal organs flying at you around every corner...It's fast, mean and dirty as all hell.



@highlight

With all of the hyperkinetic action and none of the flair of Mark Neveldine and Brian Taylor's earlier work, Gamer has little replay value.