This amateur film looks more like a TV show than a movie.
What we found is a bleak, but interesting look into a world where the line is blurred between good people and bad. Judith Ivey's performance is the real jewel of the film.
It plays like a walk on the wild side dreamed up in a Starbucks.
An almost constantly surprising coming-of-age film with a dark twist that manages to take the high road with what is well-exploited material.
Assisted by the harsh immediacy of digital video, writer-director A. Dean Bell puts forth his material with utter objectivity.
Candidly unsentimental yet utterly human.
It neither glamorizes nor demonizes truck-stop whoredom; it merely depicts it, with little of the internal strife that ought to accompany it.
The film's somewhat light-hearted tone is wholly inappropriate in what is, in essence, a story of sexual predators.
Ivey delivers a sassy, no-nonsense performance and Grace shows herself a sensitive young actress, but neither overcomes Bell's pretensions or digital-video limitations.
A fine merging of means, material and ego -- a nicely acted, simple little road movie vacuumed free of any indie scene smugness or self-satisfaction.
There's something fresh and honest here.
This digitally-shot feature never seems aware of its subjects.
A solid character piece that deftly probes the complicity of both sides in a morally dubious relationship.
Ivey is fascinating, cooing nonstop in a cozy Southern accent, friendly and accepting, but also observant and oddly unknowable. It's a performance that even gets better on second viewing.
Sweet, suspenseful, funny, poignant -- and adult.
A modest but pungent slice of interstate life.
Bell forces us to see characters from the proverbial wrong side of the tracks in a distinctly human light, neither ennobling nor pitying.
What Boogie Nights did for porn stars, What Alice Found does for truck-stop hookers
The whole thing smacks resoundingly of student film, from the youthful protagonist to the road-y premise to the jejune fascination with trailer culture.
a lesson on how a life-changing story arc makes a character-based drama work so well
The movie looks like TV from beginning to end, and accentuates the other major compromise of its meager budget.
A rough-hewn, modest little road movie of sorts, elevated by a trio of compelling performances and a desire to take the narrative road less traveled.
This deep journey is worth experiencing.
Newcomer Grace seems born to the part of an unformed young woman whose character cries out to be shaped, but it's Ivey's unobtrusive skill that shapes their onscreen relationship into something thoroughly convincing.
What Alice Found, a small, finely wrought drama about a naïve young woman who gets lost on the American highway, gives that wonderfully salty New York stage actress Judith Ivey one of the chewiest roles of her career.
The screenplay by director Bell is packed with surprises, and the acting is excellent.
It so deftly tweaks your presumptions at every turn that you feel, by the end, that you've traveled somewhere -- and not just along several southbound interstates.
Sandra, Bill and Alice emerge not as a newfound family exactly, nor as villains and victims, but as three ever-vulnerable human beings doing the best they can to survive.
It's a modest, independent drama that turns out to be a gem!
Bell stays focused on the interstate milieu, but it's difficult to believe a frame of it.
A fine debut performance from Emily Grace in a new spin on the road-and-buddy genre.
Heavy with self-importance and dolphin symbolism.
[A] refreshing road movie.
Features a compelling performance by Judith Ivey.





@highlight

A modest, nicely acted road movie.