It's worth seeing, and hands-down it's one of your better options at the cineplex right now, but there's no urgency.
Haywire is always interesting, it just isn't compelling and it needs to be.
It may seem like this is merely an exercise in style and to be honest, it is. Soderbergh's clearly fascinated by the physicality of Carano as a fighter and Haywire's sole reason for existence is to highlight those skills.
Soderbergh rocks this genre and Carano gives any male action star a run for his money.
I bet Soderbergh secretly considers this one of his favorite films.
A maze that keeps leading to surprising places.
Steven Soderbergh continues his occasional practice of using actors as found objects in his perfectly enjoyable formula action-thriller Haywire.
Mixed martial-arts star Carano puts major muscle, if minor acting ability, into this enjoyable action flick.
A lean and vastly entertaining picture.
Haywire rips along at a fair old pace, crunches all the right bones and is capable of drawing sharp intakes of breath during the fantastic fight scenes, so in that regard, Steven Soderbergh can call it a success.
"Don't think of her as a woman. That would be a mistake," says an s.o.b. late in this sexy, jazzy exercise, and he couldn't be more wrong. The action film as a love letter to a lethal goddess.
Haywires shortcomings don't detract from the minute to minute onscreen ride - featuring Carano's fresh (and uncompromising) action work.
[Soderbergh] may be unpredictable but his command of movie making is exhilarating and lord knows he's never dull.
The film does have style, but unfortunately the focus on that element seems to have come at too much of a cost.
Haywire is a Bourne Identity-inspired spy vs. spy action flick that isn't quite the kick in the head it should be.
It's impressive that something so utterly familiar can feel this refreshing. This is Le Samourai for the Steven Seagal crowd.
Gina Carano manages to display swift blows and quick thinking as well as masterful kicks to the guts of her enemies while retaining a sensuality that is just bold and absolutely irresistible.
Steven Soderbergh devised the film especially for his kickboxing champion leading lady Gina Carano, who kicks her way through a line of leading men, all coming off a poor second best.
If you're a fan of the action-thriller genre, Soderbergh superbly nails what thrills it takes for those films to work so well.
The movie is really only bursting at the seams during its fight scenes. Instead of rapid-fire cutting to accentuate the danger, the camera just stops and pays witness to the action.
... we just wait for her to click back into fight mode. Her body language tells us more about her character than any dialogue exchange.
Haywire is a tired spy thriller that meshes the three styles of Steven Soderbergh - pop, clinical and indie - into one messy, sometimes dull B-movie.
While it remains to be seen where Carano goes from here in her film career, she certainly makes a memorable and quality first impression.
If you were to look at it as an assembly of tough (non-action) leading actors being lined up to have the crap beaten out of them by Carano - then it's a total success.
Gina Carano has a face that can hold a Hollywood close-up and a fist that can hold your nose until it comes clean off.
If you want to see a female action star in the making convincingly kicking the crap out of a succession of photogenic boys, this is the ticket to buy.
Soderbergh has delivered a hugely entertaining revenge thriller that has no right to be so dazzlingly-realised.
It's a fantastic minimalist action film where you actually get to see what is happening.
Haywire is as entertaining as a skillful cartoon. Gia Carano is Road Runner, and her adversaries are a bunch of Wile E. Coyotes.
Carano an action star to reckoned with in Haywire.
As with 'Contagion,' Soderbergh's arthouse cool does more to dampen the appeal of the genre material than to validate, elevate, critique or refresh it. Somebody show the auteur a Cynthia Rothrock movie, stat.
Haywire feels like a lot of people aimlessly running around for 90 minutes, kicking each other to the whimsical jazz score.
The story's been done to death but not since the days of Harry Palmer has it been told with this much style.
HAYWIRE is a pared-down, almost simplistic action movie, mostly designed to showcase the beauty and power of Soderbergh's new star, female mixed martial arts fighter Carano.
...an action film with a female protagonist played by an actress with the cred that she could actually accomplish what she's shown doing, and it's a lot of fun.
This spy action film features some great fight scenes and stunts. It is edited right down to the bone and the production is about as slick as anything in recent years. Emotionally, however, it is on the cold side.
There is no fat here, no extra material in need of being excised. The movie begins with a furious frenzy finding Mallory extricating herself from an altercation in a tiny roadside café and then moves backwards from there.
The limitations of the film aren't Carano's fault: Admittedly, her emoting borders on the wooden side, but she does have charisma and a natural screen presence, neither of which should ever be underestimated.
She's not much in the acting department, but Gina Carano can punch, kick and pounce, all of which is more important than acting in Steven Soderbergh's action flick.
Do you ever get the feeling a director is just messing with you? Just because they can? It's not unusual to get that feeling during a Steven Soderbergh film, especially when he moves away from the intellectual driven art fare he favors.
a slight genre exercise built on a spare, straight-to-video backbone and fleshed out with Soderbergh's experimental attitude
You might think you've seen this movie before-but you haven't seen it like this.
Soderbergh takes the opportunity to write a trim visual essay on attack and retreat.
Gina Carano can't act, has no on screen presence and the fight scenes looked fake.
Despite some thrilling combat choreography executed with flair by MMA champ Gina Carano, Steven Soderbergh clearly phoned it in here.
I'd like to recommend it on the basis of Carano's skillz alone, but the remaining 80 minutes are just too dull.
Fierce and ferocious, filled with relentless, kinetic, if senseless, violent mayhem.
Standard spy-fi fare presented in a very atypical style.
Carano is strong, fast, relentless. She's not much of an actress yet, but Soderbergh hides her weaknesses well...
Some of the most uncomfortably fleshy action sequences in recent memory... with coffee pots and flat screen televisions breaking in ways guaranteed to make all but the most strong-willed wince.
Soderbergh's approach is a little too stripped-down - when you're making a conventional genre movie, the absence of conventional genre elements becomes distracting in itself.
There's a good deal of pleasure to be had in the clockwork precision of her hand-to-hand combat, which Soderbergh often shoots in profile to showcase her wall-climbing backflips.
Even in the midst fighting off a battalion of protective-gear-clad law enforcement officers, Carano has a businesslike confidence.
The perfect heir to Ripley. Fassbender's scenes give the movie an alarming erotic jolt. You actually believe this woman can fight a man and win.
Haywire may simply be a genre exercise for Soderbergh, but few directors are able to flex their cinematic muscles as effectively.
Carano is nothing special as an actress - but darned if it matters when she's supported by a killer screenplay, a sharp cast, and Steven Soderbergh's unmistakably sly, mordant direction.
in one memorable sequence she strangles a man, with only her thighs, and stares him down as she does it...it's a moment that can be taken many different ways, from high camp to trenchant observation on how the genders interact
... a made-to-order vehicle for Carano ... Soderbergh's latest is a jazzy, ultra-cool espionage-payback thriller that makes up in pure adrenaline what it lacks in narrative heft.
...a compact thriller with more star power than the script requires and lots of action.
An electrifying film of hand-to-hand combat with spatial clarity, a sensual charge and splendid fight choreography. Simple pleasures, those, but ones rarely found in today's onslaught of CGI-augmented battles and incomprehensible editing.
Hey Hollywood, here's your Wonder Woman!
A punch or kick from Carano looks and feels like it has real weight and power behind it, and the impact is a visible and visceral experience for the audience as well as for the poor guys onscreen.
Hobbled by bad pacing and an anemic script, Haywire should've been a fun popcorn actioner showing off Gina Carano's wonderfully brutal talents, which deserve a far more energetic and inspired vehicle.
Ultimately what the film looks like is...that a bunch of actors really wanted to get beatdowns from an MMA fighter.
Soderbergh does for this genre what he did with the heist movie in Oceans Eleven and its sequels.
A wafer-thin pro-feminist spy thriller that thrives solely because we haven't seen its like before.
There's not much substance to the script beyond its adrenaline-fueled mayhem, but Soderbergh still manages to assemble a top-notch cast and employ a stylish visual approach that make for an exciting ride.
Decent, but not original enough to match Carano's big screen debut (Full Content Parental Review also available)
Steven Soderbergh's Haywire has all the trappings of an "A" movie, including a big-name cast and impressive international locations, but it never rises above the level of a "B."
Formulaic thriller. At least the fight sequences are cool.
Superior genre pic.
Soderbergh describes it as 'a Pam Grier movie made by Alfred Hitchcock.' I'd say it's more like an espionage-driven Coffy as directed by Steven Soderbergh.
Finds Soderbergh keeping it simple, stupid, by filling the story's hollowness with kick-butt action and elements of style.
Wow, what a movie! "Haywire" is a terrific action-packed adventure. Paul Chambers, CNN.
Having grown accustomed to waif-like "action heroines," it's refreshing to witness an actress who can deliver a knockout blow - and take one - with some credulity.
Move over Angelina Jolie. Machismo feminine style got an upgrade. Gina Carano is beautiful. Built and bad. I'm totally in love. And guys, I don't think I'm alone here.
Carano and Soderbergh have actually created a possible franchise in the character - like a tangible Lara Croft...
It remains to be seen whether Carano can do more than kick ass. But for now, she's a compelling candidate to join the pantheon of female action stars.
If "Mission: Impossible - Ghost Protocol" was a fancy top-shelf cocktail, this is Polish vodka, neat.
With Carano, Soderbergh has created his own version of a Girl with a Tattoo without all the needless plot diversions, a Hanna who's all grown up and past fairy tales.
Soderbergh attempts to battle predictability with predictability, though it's hard to argue with the movie's sporadic concentration. When Haywire wakes up, it's a blast.
Haywire may not herald the arrival of the next great female action hero, but it's a nifty bit of escapism from the January doldrums.
A taut action thriller that is as briskly efficient and muscular as its heroine.
A typically uneven effort from Steven Soderbergh...
Like The Limey, also written by Haywire scribe Lem Dobbs, it's the kind of film that hearkens back to lean-and-mean revenge movies like Get Carter and Point Blank.
I really had a blast with Haywire.
For a director who jumps across genres and styles, some of Soderbergh's most satisfying moments come when he time warps to the '60s and '70s for inspiration, just like he's doing here.
Carano's skill is the centerpiece here, although everyone adds a bit of sparkle to the brilliance.
Carano may not be a great acting discovery, but she suits this role just fine. She's entirely credible as an action hero.
The genre gives the filmmaker a new jolt of energy; he, in return, gives it a crackling intelligence.
The violence is effectively tailored around Carano's undeniable skills...
Though Carano isn't without a certain glowering charisma, her flat line readings and apparent discomfort with dialogue-heavy exchanges make her seem like a refugee from a different, schlockier movie...
One of the benefits is Carano's screen presence and an ability to kick booty approaching that of Jason Statham.
While Carano steals the picture in every scene she's in, there's not much left for the heavyweight male cast to get their teeth into.
If things work out, Carano will become a great big action superstar, and Haywire is an extremely auspicious debut.
Hand it to a wily indie veteran like Soderbergh to find a fresh twist to an old genre: The fighting isn't faked, but the acting is.
While the plot is routine and familiar -- Carano is framed by other spies and targeted for extermination -- the overall visceral effect is fascinating.
Carano acquits herself admirably, but the storyline eventually feels like a pretty weak excuse to hang a half-dozen action set-pieces from.
"Haywire" isn't a by-the-numbers action vehicle, it's a crafty thriller that works to undo beat-em-up clichés. In short, it's a livewire.
"Haywire" stays true to its low-rent B-movie principles, right down to the fast, strong and quietly competent heroine at its center.
'Haywire" is a wannabe, or rather a wanna-B, and that B is for "Bourne."
It's sheer escapism as we watch a gang of pros playing one tough guy after another. Tough guys who will all drop like dominoes when the toughest one in the bunch ... is the one wearing the skirt.
Finally, finally, women have a truly powerful, kick-ass, take-no-prisoners, authentic female action star.
Gina Carano's attitude-free performance more than merits top billing.
Most importantly, the film announces the arrival of a bona fide action star in [Gina] Carano.
Beautifully conceived and executed and featuring a star whom it is virtually impossible to tear your eyes away from (even as she is tearing away at the eyes of others)
Without Gina Carano, there'd be no use for such a familiar, threadbare film to exist at all.
Wrong-headed in every way, it fails both as a spy thriller and as a throwback to '70s exploitation flicks.
Top-class MMA star Gina Carano takes on the ass-kicking duties and boy, does she kick it well.
There's an awful lot of dreary and incomprehensible exposition to get through, and Gina Carano is not a charismatic leading lady.
A vigorous spy thriller that consistently beckons the viewer to catch up with its narrative twists and turns. Bordering on convoluted, it works best when in combat mode.
"Haywire" is a lean, clean production, shot and edited by Soderbergh himself and utterly free of the incoherent action sequences and overcooked special effects that plague similarly scaled Hollywood pictures.
You don't love movies if the sight of Gina Carano beating up every guy in sight doesn't make you laugh, get happy and feel as if you're getting your money's worth.
As with any great action movie, what we're really here to see is the star showing off whatever skills got them on screen to begin with. And Haywire never disappoints.
Can Carano act? Well, she can express herself quite effectively by snapping a man's neck with her knee.
For what it aims to be, 'Haywire' is certainly a success. A pity it doesn't aim to be much more than a brisk, mindless action flick with a butt-kicking heroine.
It feels like somebody turned down the volume on a hard rock album so as to hear the details better -- for which relief, much thanks.
Haywire is an arty grindhouse flick - now there's an oxymoron - that would nicely fit on the bottom half of a double-feature bill. Too bad double features are extinct, and instead drive-in prices we pay megaplex prices. Haywire isn't worth that.
A breathless, bone-crunching espionage thriller distinguished by its female protagonist, Mallory Kane, played by mixed martial arts star Gina Carano.
A star is born. Well, almost.
"I don't wear the dress," explains Mallory Kane as she ponders the details of her next job. If she did, she'd probably strangle someone with it.
Watching Carano kick, spin, flip, choke, crack and crush the fiercest of foes - mostly men about twice her size - is thoroughly entertaining, highly amusing and frankly somewhat awe-inspiring.
Five minutes of Carano fighting, 85 minutes of half-baked espionage plotting that nobody, not writer Lem Dobbs or Soderbergh, seems to care much about.
The pleasure of this small, eccentric movie is the natural way Carano hurts people - by, say, walking partway up a wall and climbing onto a man's back, by sprinting toward the camera and flying into the human target standing in the foreground.
There's no deeper meaning to Steven Soderbergh's thriller than what meets the eye, yet its lustrous surfaces offer great and guilt-free pleasure.
If Soderbergh wanted to showcase the possibilities inherent in Ms. Carano's buff bod persona, he's done a fine job
From start to finish, serious fun.
While she can't out-act Angelina Jolie, Carano definitely looks comfortable onscreen. And she's a lot more credible kicking butt.
This is the best kind of action film: One in which we're actually granted the pleasure of watching bodies move.
Yet-another tightly-directed, expertly-made work from a director who seems to know no other way.
Fun, low-tech action with a starmaking turn by Gina Carano.
Steven Soderbergh has mashed, fermented and distilled a range of familiar Seventies revenge-movie tropes into a cask-strength action thriller.
Carano is her own best stuntwoman, but in the dialogue scenes she's all kick and no charisma. The MMA battler lacks the conviction she so forcefully displayed in the ring. She is not Haywire's heroine but its hostage.
It's all style and attitude, a snarl of a movie that begins in the middle of something and ends in the middle of something but gives us a ton of adrenaline-fueled pleasure in between.
You need a diploma in Gobbledegook to know what is going on, never mind to care.
Carano is cool and in control, even after running, in real time, several blocks and pummeling a guy in an alley. But "Haywire," clean and no-fuss as it is, needs more action scenes to match Carano's game.
Aspires to be a spy-action thriller but instead limps along as a ponderous, convoluted art-house film.
It is self-consciously and aggressively trivial, a feast for formalists who sentimentalize the gloriously cheap B-movies of the past.
What if you combined sex, lies and videotape, moody synth music and a butt-kicking babe?
Haywire comes close to achieving Soderbergh's goal of creating "a Pam Grier movie made by Alfred Hitchcock."
What makes this film stand out from the crowd is its insistence on making sure that the action is grounded in human physicality, internalised drama and the laws of gravity.
Stylistically it has some things going for it, but the characters and plot are so slipshod that you won't really care after about a half hour what's going on.
Carano may not be a born or a natural actress; she is, however, an undeniable and heartening rebuke to the skinny-Minnies Hollywood favors over real women with curves.
Carano is wonderfully athletic, which is just as well, because she spends most of the film being wonderful athletic.
Right up to the film's comically abrupt ending, it's all about Mallory's strength, speed and uncanny ability to survive. A dismissive cop, early on, refers to her as "Wonder Woman"; turns out he's not kidding.
It's [Dobbs] and Soderbergh's idea of lizard-brain entertainment, and its pleasures are remarkably distilled.
Haywire is really just a vehicle for Carano to demonstrate her action chops, which she does with a vengeance, set to David Holmes' buoyant and badass score.
When Carano gets a good grip on one of her victims, it's impossible to peel her off; she's like lethal duct tape.
Haywire is the kind of lucid thriller Paul Greengrass might make if he ever invested in a tripod.
If only the structure of the story was as robust as Carano, this thriller would have been hard to beat.
At least it feels fresh to have a kick-ass, intelligent woman in the leading role, who can take on and beat men at their own game.
"Haywire" feels like minor Soderbergh: zippy, hugely entertaining and well-crafted as always, but not one of his more important films in the broad scheme of things.
'Haywire' is a pulse-pounding and fast-moving thriller.
Carano projects an intriguing aura in her dramatic-acting debut - part smoky, dark-haired sexuality, part bruiser, with an uninflected alto voice that cuts through crap.
Soderbergh plays with the action genre by planting a real fighter in the role of butt-kicking protagonist, and Carano rises to the challenge.
Undoubtedly worth seeing for the terrific fight sequences, but it's badly let down by a paper-thin plot and a script that, perhaps wisely, chooses not to test Carano's acting abilities.
Once you get over the novelty of watching mixed martial arts fighter Gina Carano beat up her male co-stars, the film has practically nothing else to offer.
A go-for-broke action thriller that only gets more exciting the more grounded and real it feels.
This is not "great" Soderbergh, regardless of whether one considers him as an auteur or a mass market entertainer. But it is "good" Soderbergh, and that's more than enough.
Nifty spy actioner featuring impressive big-screen newcomer and martial-arts expert Gina Carano as a high-level, high-kickin' intel operative for hire but not to mess with.
Where so many sporting champs turn out to be dramatic chumps, this is a supremely confident debut from a talent who packs charisma like punches. She'll go far.
Steven Soderbergh is becoming increasingly strong on convolution and weak on connection.
If you just want a high-impact movie that lands every punch it throws, "Haywire" will more than satisfy.
As cartoonish live-action and photorealistic cartoons reign at the multiplex, all but obsoleting the laws of gravity, Haywire puts the impact back into screen violence, brings it back to earth.
This walloping(literally; everybody gets walloped) spy-action movie is built around Carano, but the real fun comes from the international adventure and dream supporting cast.
The whole point of this time-wasting farrago of idiocy is that women can cut, kick, slash, burn, maim and kill just like men -- and make bad movies that are just as stupid.
There's shockingly little thrill in watching Carano bounce off walls and pummel antagonists.
Gina Carano is the real deal, holding her own against male counterparts like Channing Tatum, Michael Fassbender, and Antonio Banderas, and giving Haywire a whole lot of punch.
Don't worry about the convuluted plot: see it for a kickass performance by women's martial arts champ Gina Carano.
Only Steven Soderbergh could produce a slick, modern, cineliterate deconstruction of the Hollywood action caper that also manages to be a rollicking good ride.
Haywire doesn't just start 2012 with a bang; it sets the bar very, very high for every action film that's going to follow in its footsteps this year.
A jet-propelled action-thriller that has little time for wasted motion...intense and intensely lean...It's that rarity - an action movie with intelligence.
There's a lot of fight in Haywire, but very little punch... [A] movie called Haywire should have more energy, more exuberance than this. There no sense of play to be found...
Although the movie is nothing more than a flashy debut showcase for the charismatic Carano to show she can act and kick butt, that reason alone is sufficient for much popcorn to be consumed.
Nice to see Ewan McGregor and Michael Fassbender are still getting work.
A fresh, muscular payback movie shot through with Soderbergh's mischievous indie-spirit.
If anything, Haywire is most closely linked to last year's Contagion, a kindred effort in style, theme, and value-marring detachment.
Haywire is about the simple joys of action film virtuosity, and Soderbergh delivers.
This isn't just the best action film since Bourne, it also exudes the sort of flair and cool of a 60s Bond movie. A class act.
Uma Thurman and Angelina Jolie move over, Gina Carano, a new riveting action star is born in Soderbergh's Haywire, a globe-trotting spy thriller, which is silly and movieish but delivers the basic goods.
Steven Soderbergh's action-filmmaking chops get a swift, vigorous 92-minute workout in Haywire.
Hard, fast, brutal: Soderbergh's sucker-punch return to action knows what it's about. Not subtle or substantial, but it gets to work with flab-free focus.
Gee, isn't it cool how exciting a static shot with wonderfully composed action in it can be? The climax creates awesome out of such simple presentation, it's indie basics as Hollywood blockbuster at work.
Though Haywire is very much the sort of slick, sassy Soderbergh we've come to expect from the prolific director, it's bogged down with a poor sense of story development and some less-than-clever plotting conceits.
The script makes no attempt to assert its plausibility or realism; it is, instead, refreshingly frank about what it is, a simple, workable framework for the melees and mayhem.
This uber-stylish treat may have low nutritional content, but the kinetic hand-to-hand combat fight scenes and Soderbergh's lethal skill are simply seductive.

@highlight

MMA star and first-time actress Gina Carano displays ample action-movie chops in Haywire , a fast-paced thriller with a top-notch cast and outstanding direction from Steven Soderbergh.