I'm not sure that the genre has produced such an irresistibly funny film.
This is a really bad cop movie, maybe the funniest ever.
The mockery it makes of our corrupt law enforcement agencies is the mockery those agencies make of America itself.
With Alexander Skarsgard and Michael Pena playing the inevitably maverick, rule-breaking pair of cops, McDonagh seems oblivious to how many times this sort of ultra-black, ultra-violent comedy has been done before. And done better.
Without a doubt, it will meet the basic demands of those who seek an easy laughter, whether they know Andre Breton or not. [Full review in Spanish]
It seems unlikely that, in an America ravaged by police shootings and generally teetering on the edge of authoritarian dystopia, audiences will be endeared to a pair of gleefully corrupt cops who resort to violence for kicks.
War on Everyone is a mess in every conceivable way.
War on Everyone is neither only a parody nor only a joke. It's after something far weirder.
Crass, senseless, and relentlessly talky, War on Everyone mostly seems like a movie at war with itself.
Someone could easily take McDonagh and his film to task for its flippant approach to police brutality, but the film simply isn't good or bad enough to expend the energy. It's just a duck that eventually stops quacking.
Without much depth outside of all the outrageous mischief and mayhem, it's more exhausting than amusing.
So hackneyed, tired, labored and overstuffed with contempt not only for all of its targets but also its own self that one gets the feeling that the talented Mr. McDonagh has gone mad with rage.
We don't need or want War on Everyone to go soft; we want its war on decency to rage on.
A buddy-cop movie that's been dropped on its head.
If this is still your bag all these years later and you wish the 1990s had never ended, however, then everyone wins.
Mr. McDonagh's palette and spleen remain mostly intact, but here he's neglected to include a story or point.
A fast and ferocious pileup of highbrow allusions and lowbrow insults, shoehorned in between intense episodes of coke-snorting and head-smashing.
Meant to be broad, nasty, and sarcastic, but its lack of interesting characters and story make it difficult to endure, clinging to style and tiresome quirk just to get by.
One day, perhaps, murderously corrupt police officers will once again be a viable source of comedy. At this particular historical moment, however, a movie like War On Everyone has its work cut out for it.
Demented and hilarious. Alexander Skarsgard's best role to date.
Much of it feels inconsequential compared to his previous films, but McDonagh's unflagging anarchic energy keeps it juicily diverting in the moment.
Even when it strains too hard to be offensive, this buddy-cop comedy delivers its fair share of pitch-black laughs.
The film is in love with the tropes it ridicules, and it doesn't take long for that love to dwarf any possibility of critique.
Having given us two noteworthy black comedies with The Guard (2011) and Calvary (2014), maverick writer/director John Michael McDonagh strikes out with this clumsy though admittedly diverting dirge about two corrupt Californian cops.
A failed Tarantino take-off and an ad hoc fiasco.
Think Starsky and Hutch remade for the post-True Detective age, complete with the back-and-forth banter and philosophising the blend suggests, and a dash of awkwardness too.
There is plenty of entertainment to be had from all this. Skarsgard is especially mesmerising... But the film is far from being top-flight McDonagh. His home turf suits him best.
The film barrels along from one violent encounter to another without inviting much audience involvement.
Stylishly executed and ruthlessly paced, it's got a giddy shoot-the-works spirit and, yes, a moral compass buried deep in its cold, black heart.
Remarkably tone deaf and quite awful.
The Irishman has a wicked way with words and a wideranging sense of humour -- in War on Everyone, there are jokes-within-jokes-within jokes. But McDonagh's first film to be set in America lacks the humanity of his earlier works.
Polarising by default, and pretty sussed about how to get a rise out of the most jaded viewers, this two-bit Tarantino knock-off is not without its guilty-pleasure merits if you're in the right mood.
...it just doesn't ring true.
The witty, sharp dialogue between Alexander Skarsgard and Michael Pena's renegade cops flies faster than bullets in this black and wildly incongruous action thriller, although to its detriment, the plot scatters everywhere
A throwback to the buddy cop movies of the 1970s that remains too true to its title that it essentially becomes a war on the audience.
WOE indeed.
It was probably inevitable that the Tarantino revolution would lead to this.
There's so much going on - too bad not a single encounter feels plausible or the least bit dangerous.
It's not for everyone, certainly, but War on Everyone is a riot of bad behaviour.
It's never actually as funny as it thinks it is, or as smart as it wants you to believe.
It is fun enough, but it lacks the richness and complexity of McDonagh's earlier work. It also lacks a conspirator like Gleeson, whose spirit, heart and substance is missing here.
I hated it.
unlike Tarantino, McDonagh draws as much from mythological and philosophical writings as from genre films. The results are a supersmart existential crime comedy.
War On Everyone is more a series of comic sketches than it is a coherent movie.
McDonagh is clearly having a ball skewering every last genre cliché in the book, yet the bizarre, off-kilter world he creates is mostly just surface.
Although lightweight and silly with the best sight gag in recent memory, War On Everyone, for all its bile, strikes a surprisingly feel-good chord. Fun for all the delinquent, rainbow family.
This surreal black comedy is populated by immoral, irreverent cops and grotesque villains and wears the influence of Quentin Tarantino and Elmore Leonard like a badge of honour.
You'll have a good time -- but even those not easily offended may also leave with certain reservations.
Beneath its thin veneer of hipness and cynicism, War on Everyone is smug, obnoxious, conventional and contemptible -- a film with no redeeming features.
That title's fair warning at least, but it's hard to engage in any rewarding way with a film in which not a single word is meant or felt - unless McDonagh really is the worst kind of reactionary.
If you thought the era of woefully misconceived attempts at aping Pulp Fiction was mercifully over, then best duck and cover.
Has almost no redeeming features beyond providing empty entertainment for a couple of hours, which it mostly excels at doing.
It's all like first-draft Mamet, or Tarantino in a pissy, self-sabotaging mood: neither clever nor funny, but convinced it's both.
Good, crude fun. But not much more than that.
A noisy, funny but fatally glib and self-regarding comedy thriller.
A thinking person's Bad Boys, this off-kilter indie crime comedy introduces two deliriously warped lawmen to the screen. Here's to a Cuba-invading sequel.
The unlikely pairing of Alexander Skarsgård and Michael Peña proves irresistible in this ramshackle crime caper from Irish writer/director John Michael McDonagh.
Do you want to see a dark comedy that opens with corrupt cops Alexander Skarsgard and Michael Pena running over a mime? Do I even need to ask you that question?
McDonagh blends the outrageous with the profound, where quick witted one liners and choice variety of curse words sit comfortably alongside discussion on the philosophy of right versus wrong.
John Michael McDonagh's (JMM) War on Everyone is a buddy cop parody that feels like Shane Black doing Bad Lieutenant.
As War on Everyone elbows its way through clichés to a blood-soaked finale, it reveals an unassailable penchant for morbid absurdity that is totally McDonagh's own.
War on Everyone is like The Naked Gun with big, hairy balls.
If [McDonagh's] not growing much, he's sure having a great time staying where he is.
The influence of the buddy comedies of Shane Black is obvious, but the film never reaches the heights of a film like Kiss, Kiss, Bang, Bang. War on Everyone is always funny, but it could have been so much more.
War On Everyone is a pitch-black, nihilistic riot, like a pissed-off teenager spinning atop a mountain with two outstretched middle fingers pointing in every direction.
If this kind of pitch black humor has a way of tickling your funny bone, however, then you should prepare to see one of the most hysterical films of your life.
War On Everyone is so over-the-top that some viewers may struggle with it, but it's one of the funniest films I've seen in a very long time.
The era-defying costumes, the old fashioned cars, the funk-music score, and retro horizontal wipes and canted angles all give War on Everyone a place outside of time that helps some of the more abrasive comedy go down smoothly.
A noticeable step down from the highs of [his previous films], War on Everyone is still only McDonagh's third effort and nonetheless a bold, lively endeavor.
The melancholy is not as well-judged as McDonagh managed in either of his last two films, as there was a distinctive pathos to both The Guard and Calvary which worked in conjunction with the outlandish comedic style.
"War on Everyone" - it's a movie composed entirely of asides, and "Everyone" is just too broad a target.
A comedy drunk on its own supply, War on Everyone is so intent on having fun that its plot feels almost secondary.
McDonagh writes his clever, coal-black heart out, delivering another firecracker script ...
There's fun to be had in the shtick, but the point? It's missing, presumed dead.
Misfiring buddy-cop comedy is a less than lethal weapon.
War On Everyone is essentially a clothes hanger for smart one-liners, verbal and visual, and its success will depend partly on how folks like the look of the clothes hanger.

@highlight

War on Everyone boasts just enough dark humor and infectious energy to make this somewhat middling entry from writer-director John Michael McDonagh an entertaining diversion.