All this is mighty silly, but there's something to be said for watching a French movie that, for a change, isn't about l'amour, existential angst, or madness.
Laugh-out-loud funny.
... when all else fails, [Jean] Dujardin's smug grin and oblivious conviction in his every knee-jerk prejudice makes the character work.
Time to retire OSS 117's license to kill before any more innocent people suffer.
The tenor, tone and immaculately lampooned art direction often make up for shtick that gradually grows thin in the belly-laugh department.
Stupid, racist, sexist and yet weirdly lovable, bumbling detective Hubert de la Bath is back in O.S.S. 117: Lost in Rio.
It's generally friendly and enjoyable, but it sags a bit.
Can't overcome the fact that it's sending up a 007 series that -- with the exception of 2006's superb Casino Royale -- already plays like a parody of itself.
Strutting around like a rooster in a thin-lapeled suit, 117 isn't much different from other comic Bond figures, but the movies find a fresh and exceedingly rich vein of comedy in his airy sexism, racism, and colonialism.
By sacrificing the knowing anachronisms of its predecessor, Lost in Rio also sacrifices most of its wit.
Sequelitis is apparently not purely an American phenomenon.
The story is lame and the action is flaccid, but as Hubert would be the first to tell you, the French have a word for those who can't take a joke: c'est la vie.
I sort of liked the 2006 film, and I sort of like this one, too. I may like it a little more, because Dujardin grows on you.
A Berretta that is a few shots short of a full clip, Michel Hazanavicius' lightning jabs at the spy super-hero fantasy are disjointed. Too little, too late?
A reasonably pleasant surprise.
It's larky, snarky fun.
Dujardin has flawless comic timing as the hero who may stumble but -- with the arch of an eyebrow and a flash of a grin -- always rises to the defense of the République.
...a truly funny spy spoof that delivers its comedy goods and pokes fun at everything and anything, especially OSS-117.
..hands down the funniest movie of the year to date
The part is tricky, but Jean Dujardin does it well, greeting every woman with a cocky Jean-Paul Belmondo smile, and every foreign disaster with calm. Thank heavens France is here to help!
Director Michel Hazanavicius loves his sublimely naive bigot, and so do we
Hilarious, often silly French hit is the latest in a franchise that spoofs the James Bond brand, in the spirit of "Get Smart" and the Pink Panther films. The Yank audience is out there, but can it be uncovered?
Mr. Dujardin, a skilled comedian, deftly embodies the spy's combination of cluelessness and condescension, but it's an act that eventually wears thin.
A winning spoof of the earlier 007 films...liberally peppered with funny bon mots and character bits.
I don't know about you, but I look to French films for stylish love stories and potent social dramas. I definitely don't look to Gallic movies for slapstick comedy, a genre at which the French are especially bad.
A very funny French comedy of a variety that usually doesn't make its way here.
I don't know that we actually need Agent OSS 117, but the world is a slightly better place with him around. And the film itself is a harmless trifle -- make that truffle, chocolate of course.
In fitful bursts, Lost In Rio reaches further than its predecessor, delving into a loopy absurdism.
This is like a subpar Naked Gun feature cooked up by Eisenstein and Godard during a drug-addled lost weekend. Where's Leslie Nielsen when you need him?
It is Dujardin who wins the day -- and eventually, of course, the gimlet-eyed girl -- as the perfect, preening fool.
Lost in Rio wins giggles only when rubbing its spy milieu up against sheer randomness, but the sight of Dujardin's self-absorbed mug carving up a rubber crocodile for survivalist sustenance can only do so much.
Spouting enough racist and anti-Semitic platitudes to incite unrest across the planet, this knockoff Bond's sheer delight is sorting out sinister political grossout swipes and brutal historical truths, from all the just plain silly fun.
Bolstering its rejuvenation of the '60s French spy spoof franchise, this sequel to "OSS 117: Cairo Nest of Spies" (2006) walks a fine line of non-politically correct comedy that grabs precarious laughs just before the gags hit the floor.
What's really lost in Rio is the participants' sense of humor.
May well be the second funniest spy spoof ever made.
Less raucous than CAIRO, NEST OF SPIES, this new adventure for the suave but bigoted French super-agent is still extremely good fun, with its amusing script, hilarious characters and astonishingly detailed production design.
Atmospheric, with authentic 60s/70s capering all over Brazil.
It's the grooving to composer Ludovic Bource's fab xylophone beats and Dujardin's hyena laugh and heroic self-regard you'll remember.
Not only is it funny, it looks and feels fantastic, thanks to its duplication of the breezily kitsch cinematography and direction of Sixties spy flicks, right down to the Technicolor wash.
Just as before, I found myself grinning sheepishly when I wasn't laughing, though the gags are less plentiful than before. This naughty, silly and wildly non-PC film, looks to me easily the equal of the Clouseau adventures.
There are good riffs about how to track down Nazis in Brazil, and Dujardin trying to spit-roast a crocodile is good value. But it's too often crass and laboured, this time.
The gags are packed in tight and are a satisfying mix of those you can see coming from far over the horizon and those that jump out to surprise, although there are few real laugh-out-loud moments.
Essentially recycling Nest of Spies with different locations and less reliance on historical events, part three will require some fresh ideas, but until then this is a good joke worth the repeating.
Writer-director Michel Hazanavicius amusingly sends up the genre's visual and verbal codes, and relishes satirising OSS 117's sexist and anti-Semitic views by pairing him with a beautiful female Mossad agent.
The chief glory is the way its director, Michel Hazanavicius, manages to copy the thrillers of the time while taking the mickey out of them - this is funny, mischievous and sly.
Michel Hazanavicius's parodic return to the 1950s espionage novels of Jean Bruce is sharp, uproarious and outrageous enough to overcome its minor lulls and flaws.
It's puerile slapstick for the most part, energetically performed and shot in period style (splitscreen effects, garish decor) - but nobody will mistake it for a milestone in spoof.
An amiable, Mel Brooks-style spoof that mercilessly satirises the gallic Bond's racism and breezy misogyny. Glamorous locations, expert production design and sly nods to the Swinging Sixties setting are all endearing.
Thoroughly enjoyable, frequently hilarious spy spoof with a terrific comic performance from Jean Dujardin.
With its shaky camera zooms and ridiculous abundance of split-screens shots, it also nails once again the stylistic quirks of the pop films of the 1960s in a way that's more astute than Austin Powers and funnier than recent Hollywood efforts.

@highlight

Led by another appealing performance from Jean Dujardin, this sequel offers more absurdly fun action -- and more politically incorrect humor -- for fans of '60s spy films.