To fully appreciate the pleasures of Pascal Chaumeil's debut feature, Heartbreaker, it helps to know-and love-Dirty Dancing.
Like "How to Lose a Guy in Ten Days," only funnier, fresher. And French.
This is fun, frothy screwball stuff that won't demand much more cerebral participation than reading the subtitles. But, like Duris, it should charm your pants off.
A romantic comedy with a decidedly French twist ... There's bound to be a Hollywood remake, but you can be sure it won't have anything like the same élan.
The formulaic feel of (this) enjoyable rom-com leads one to suspect the French are now making films with a clear view to being Hollywoodised.
In being farcical instead of cute, Heartbreaker reveals itself as a welcome treat. It leaves you knowingly happy.
While it opens with a promising start, this quickly becomes a vacuous and formulaic romantic comedy.
A romantic comedy that is charming and light as a souffle.
A light and fluffy internationalised French rom-com, stripped of any quirkiness and with little heat generated between Vanessa Paradis and Roman Duris as romantic leads.
At its core, the film fails to convince us
A funny and utterly charming romantic comedy
Heartbreaker really isn't terrible - there are a few moments of manic slapstick and the actors are charismatic even when their characters are boorish. But it's a movie for people who think movies are about wasting time.
"Unapologetically silly."
Heartbreaker is a French attempt at an American romantic comedy. At this endeavor it is a total success - in the sense that it's as trite and contrived as most of our romcoms.
It ain't all "Breathless" and "Jules and Jim" in Paris, apparently; they can churn out glossy, formulaic entertainment like "Heartbreaker," too.
Manages to be such a pleasant little soufflé of a movie that it's hard not to like it on its own terms.
Hollywood should sit up and take notice of how to revitalize the romantic comedy with the fresh and original spin from director Pascal Chaumeil in his feature film debut.
"Heartbreaker" has some amusing moments and gorgeous settings (the Riviera), but it never achieves the smooth slickness director Pascal Chaumeil aims for.
What "Heartbreaker" lacks in suspense it makes up for in charm, especially when Duris and Paradis start re-enacting numbers from "Dirty Dancing."
Pascal Chaumeil's debut rom-com gets by with a little help from Romain Duris and the enduring beauty of Vanessa Paradis. He may not be so lucky next time.
Romain Duris (Paris) is ridiculously engaging... If only the film had trusted in its own premise, instead of succumbing to the blandness of the conventional.
It sparkles like champagne. It's not the good stuff, but it'll do the trick.
If Heartbreaker were made in America, it would probably star Dane Cook and suck. But, instead, it's French and delightful.
It has neither a cynic's conviction nor idealist's perseverance, and its ideas about what a woman wants seem cribbed from bad paperback fiction.
Romantic comedies are generally not my cup of tea but this French film goes down a little easier mainly because lead actor Roman Duris is so much fun to watch.
In his first feature, TV veteran Pascal Chaumeil demonstrates a flair for schmaltz and pratfalls, evoking nostalgia for a time when French cinema wasn't a farm league for American studios.
James Bond meets Don Juan in this charming French romantic comedy.
Not a complete waste of time, but close.
Chaumeil shows talent, and the performances, especially by the leads, are universally solid but it just isn't enough.
Chaumeil's comedy cum scenery -- mainly Monte Carlo -- gives the mercurial Romain Duris a chance to show his chops as an homme fatal.
Alas, it turns out to be just as bad as any routine French romantic comedy -- illogical, inconsistent and sloppily written, a charmless, tasteless, witless waste of time.
Skips along with a funny, stylish flair that only adds to a brisk yet breezy romanticism.
The travelogue component of Heartbreaker is its best selling point.
A lighthearted sitcom with enough slapstick and sheer silliness to generate laughs galore for the duration.
A refreshing, pleasantly diverting romantic comedy that offers plenty of laughs, escapism and charm.
Yes, Heartbreaker is diverting, intermittently charming and occasionally funny, but it is also a jumble of jammed-together notions.
This is a big screen movie, a whipsmart twist on a particular kind of romantic comedy typically associated with charmless big-budget American studio films.
A sweetly ingratiating fuzzy navel of a movie...
...convoluted and with inferior subtitles, a farce depends mightily on the music to frame the action and this score isn't up to the task.
Slick entertainment is rarely as, yes, slickly entertaining as it is in Heartbreaker, a French romantic farce that is commercial cinema at its most successful.
Heartbreaker relies far too heavily on the charm and attractiveness of romantic leads whose chemistry is lukewarm at best to sell a groaning collection of rom-com clichés.
Labors to channel old fashioned Hollywood sophistication as unsuccessfully as any average 21st century rom-com, it just has subtitles and gorgeous Monaco locations to distract you along the way.
The kind of romantic comedy that Hollywood doesn't seem to know how to make anymore...a soufflé of a comedy, airy and tasty at the same time.
If this bright and nimble French comedy about a romantic mercenary hired to break up an engaged couple can't break the stunningly talented Romain Duris as a star in America, it's hard to see what could.
Heartbreaker is like a caper comedy meets The Bodyguard -- it's winsome and accomplished fluff.
Louis Garrel had better watch out -- there's a new Gallic heartthrob in town.
If the ultra-annoying Hitch happened to be a French film (Le Hitch?), it might be welcomed with the same double standard as this slapsticky rom-com...
There's trouble in Paradis-and in a script that prizes frenzy over any actual feeling.
Heartbreaker's best ideas come courtesy of There's Something About Mary, while its worst are ripped straight from the rom-com boilerplate.
Evidence that the French know more about romantic comedy than Hollywood, Pascal Chaumeil's tightrope act of cliché-baiting makes the most of its talented co-stars.
Jet-paced, funny, classy, graced with moments of pure magic.
full review at Movies for the Masses
Techs are first rate, especially veteran lenser Thierry Arbogast's fine photography, and as frolicsome as the happily-ever-after story.
Leave it to the French to treat an old genre like a familiar, fine but playful wine while Hollywood churns out plonk.
Heartbreaker boasts stunning locations, a snappy script and bubbling soundtrack, merged together in an irresistible romp that proves the search for true love is fraught with misunderstandings.
It isn't surprising that Hollywood is thinking about an American remake of Pascal Chaumeil's smash hit French rom-com. It looks like an American film already, smart and sassy but without much depth.
A little Gallic charm goes a long way in this engaging romantic comedy.
Even though it's as predictable as you'd expect, it keeps the characters grounded in reality. And their dialog is peppered with truly terrific lines.
Worth seeing for Duris' athletic, charismatic and quick-witted performance, not to mention his snake-hipped recreation with Paradis of Dirty Dancing's pas de deux. And yes, he does dance like Patrick Swayze.
It doesn't take a road map to work out where this is going, but Duris and Paradis spark well enough and the film makes effective use of an extended tribute to Dirty Dancing to win over all but the most hard-hearted of viewers.
Duris keeps everything on track, oozing sex appeal and displaying a gift for physical comedy. Heartbreaker is ripe for an American remake but you pity whoever has to follow in the gossamer footsteps of quicksilver charmer Duris.
For the most part, though, it's way too broad, and its tacit assumption that the heroine is too stupid to twig she's been played is fairly monstrous. Perhaps you just have to be French.
Duris is an engaging mixture of clown, matinee idol and working-class boy made good, while Paradis has a lovely, gap-toothed smile and a radiant intelligence.
Bright, breezy and just a little forgettable.
A mix of sharp dialogue and some truly wonderful slapstick, this film is a real treat when it is playing for laughs.
Duris shows us his comedy chops and his very useful dance moves, and this might even get a Hollywood remake. But the deja-vu factor is a little too high
An American remake is already on the cards, though it's hard to see how it could improve on the original -- sparkling, elegant and wafer-light, if you could bottle rom-com, it would taste like this.
It's so smart, well-acted and fast on its feet that the journey trumps the final destination.
Duris and Paradis are a perfect physical match in this topsy-turvy environment -- her severe, spiky, almost-masculine features contrasting with his soft, feminine vulnerability.
There are many laugh-out-loud moments -- one featuring Dirty Dancing is brilliant -- and the film is a delight from start to finish.
It might feel a little bit too cute at times, but there is rarely a dull moment.
The heartbreaking team show impressive dedication and resourcefulness, and there are plenty of surprises along the way, but the outcome is never in doubt.
Heartbreaker is stylish, funny, woozily romantic and effortlessly sexy, in a way that Hollywood or British films cannot match.
As Fromcoms go, Heartbreaker isn't quite in the same league as last year's wonderful Priceless, but it's well acted, effortlessly charming and delivers handsomely in terms of both romance and comedy. Highly recommended.
There's a winningly playful nod to Dirty Dancing (Duris even manages to repeat Patrick Swayze's moves) and the whole caboodle glides effortlessly towards a denouement you knew was coming but rather look forward to anyway.
When 'Heartbreaker' goes for real romance, it falters. When it goes for laughs, it hits the mark.
A romantic-comedy that packs charm, humour and warmth in spades.

@highlight

While definitely on the fluffier side of French comedy, Heartbreaker benefits from never taking itself too seriously -- and from the performance of the ever-charming Romain Duris.