Enduring the non-thrills of Devil's Due makes one thing clear: "Found footage" movies have passed their sell-by date.
Tiresomely and implausibly shot entirely as if found footage, this female-written horror is Rosemary's Baby for the Paranormal Activity generation.
Devil's Due is the latest entry in the found footage horror genre, and while it does have its fair amount of creative visual effects, the thrills are hardly thrilling in this paint by numbers occult chiller.
For the most part, Devil's Due unfolds more like a scripted reality series than a horrifying tale.
Devil's Due, the latest from the filmmaking team known as Radio Silence, is a perfectly serviceable horror movie with some rather neat mythology that unfortunately gets lost in the trappings of its own storytelling format.
Virtually a found footage remake of Rosemary's Baby, but it's a pretty fun version of that.
'Devil's Due' is pretty much a found-footage version of the classic 1968 Roman Polanski movie 'Rosemary's Baby.'
A better-than-average found-footage thriller...
A cheap rip-off of "Rosemary's Baby" has little in the way of chills.
A by-the-blueprint Prenatal Activity stalking a boring white couple as Satan's spawn gestates in her womb. But it's the ubiquity of cameras that seems most infernal--is there anywhere a lens won't follow? Forget hell--it's more like eternal HAL.
[T]he small achievement of Devil's Due is how much it both exploits the video-cam approach and overcomes some of its limitations.
When told that space would be tight this week I asked if I could review Devil's Due by simply saying, 'Trust me, folks, this thing sucks a moose.'
Distressingly locates evil in ethnicity: A scene in which the wife marvels at the lovely 'whiteness' of her nude husband sleeping among snowy sheets seems more troubling than cute after the couple falls victim to dusky satanists in the Dominican Republic.
"Due" Should Never Have Been Found
It's certainly not the worst of the found-footage subgenre, but it's a far cry from its Sixties- and Seventies-era cinematic inspirations.
The movie's found-footage conceit never creates a proper atmosphere, something essential to any horror film but particularly one involving the occult.
The camera-eye view is treated more as an obstacle to be overcome than a tool for storytelling, raising the question of why not just scrap it altogether.
As more and more films use this conceit, the premise of someone filming at all salient moments becomes more and more strained, until the device itself becomes not just derivative, but positively cumbersome.
Throw in an abandoned house in the neighborhood that is suddenly occupied, a vanishing obstetrician and a first communion ceremony that goes terribly wrong, and the chill factor quickly rises.
The Devil may have all the best tunes, but this really is the worst sort of cinematic karaoke.
A disjointed and unconvincing movie that is also embarrassingly derivative of "Paranormal Activity."
Dredging up horror movie favorites like random nosebleeds, a traumatized priest and a mama-to-be with a yen for raw meat, Matt Bettinelli-Olpin and Tyler Gillett direct with competence but a dispiriting lack of originality.
While horror newbies may find the unfolding incubus antics moderately scary, others will be distracted by the frankly terrifying levels of recycling ...
At least there's a credible premise in "Devil's Due," an otherwise feeble exercise in the found-footage form.
How many more of these can we watch and still enjoy the impact of "The Blair Witch Project" or "Paranormal Activity"? I'll try to forgive those films for spawning such boring evil but "The Devil's Due" is due no forgiveness whatsoever.
It's so derivative they may as well have named their heroine Rosemary.
...Devil's Due, does its best to inject some freshness into a scenario that seems to blanket movie screens week in, week out. Sadly, it comes up hard against the limitations of both the format and the genre, and can't ever overcome them.
A cheesy riff on the 'Rosemary's Baby' and 'Omen' template, deserving of nothing more than rotation on the SyFy and Chiller networks.
...movies about innocent women being impregnated by satanic forces are frightening enough without all that jittery s*** to stress you out.
like watching the Pamela Anderson and Tommy Lee sex tape... without the sex
The feature-length debut of two thirds of the directorial troupe Radio Silence scrambles to find any excuse to cut to a new angle or shoot traditional coverage while debasing a potentially compelling story with every found-footage cliché in the book.
With a weak finish that doesn't exactly live up to the suggested satanic baby mama drama, Devil's Due will leave hardcore genre fans yearning for much more "bite," as even the "bark" is a tad bit weak.
We have to assume, even hope, that a movie this bad will finally wring the death knell for found footage horror... but sadly we'd probably be wrong.
Consider this one stillborn, and put your faith in better horror offerings to come. The real devil is ever having to view this movie.
Devlin's script tips its hand so early on that Devil's Due lumbers toward a woefully flat, predictable ending, and the unwelcome promise of something truly demonic - sequels.
Offers precious little in the way of real scares or engaging characters, and even less in original ideas.
Boasts a bellyful of unintentional laughs.
It makes such gumdrops as "The Devil Inside" and "The Last Exorcism Part II" seem borderline competent by comparison-that is, if anyone watching it could stay awake long enough to make the comparisons.
Only the dog has a clue about when the "Devil's Due."
The film flirts brazenly with the clichés of the genre, from covens to creepy clairvoyants, and is contrived and inconsistent.
Devil's Due, while another predictable retread, is - I am pleased to report - actually effective as a cheap drive-in style boo-gotcha thrill ride.
Stale, derivative, and largely uneventful, testing the patience of moviegoers as directors Bettinelli-Olpin and Gillett elect to conjure a sense of rehearsed reality, only to skip any justification for the images on the screen.
Relies upon dread over cheap scares, and for an extended period the film flies above and beyond the expectations of a cold-opening January horror release.
An ordinary, forgettable horror film. Even the Devil deserves more than this.
It is very derivative -- but it has been made with diabolical amounts of energy.
It's as substantial as seeing The Exorcist redone on Snapchat - and let's not even consider the implication of casting black and Latino performers as Satan's minions, because clearly its makers haven't.
While it's generally well made and pulls off a couple of decent jumps, it's also riddled with plot holes, painfully derivative and lacking the requisite chills.
While it plays by the occult numbers too frequently to create any real sense of dread, the filmmakers summon up enough fresh fiendishness to sustain the interest.
As far as originality goes, Devil's Due is a formula product on a level with Friday The 13th Part VIII.
The found-footage genre means anyone can now make a horror film. Whether anyone will want to watch it is another issue. This one, allowing for Rosemary's Baby borrowings, is medium-crafty and well crafted.
Oscillates between the jolting and the absurd, bottoming out with a nonsensical coda ...
From poor conception through to shoddy delivery, Devil's Due is a tedious and wholly derivative horror experience.
This bunch of found footage should have stayed lost.
It rarely feels original or even genre-challenging enough to really mark itself as a fresh look at the horror film.

@highlight

Derivative and mostly uninspired, Devil's Due adds little to either the found-footage or horror genres that it's content to mimic.