It's a meticulous dissection of the Fox News network, its politics, methods and overall ambitions. . .
I'm Shocked, SHOCKED to discover Fox News is conservative!!!
[A] home-run smackdown of the Australian mogul who dominates the American media scene...
This basic dichotomy of honest, urgent intentions and desultory, cheapskate expression marks OutFoxed from a fairly early moment and never really changes.
The most scrupulous, most focused, most thorough, and arguably most important of 2004's wave of activist documentaries.
Not about anything except the lead-balloon revelation that Fox feeds rage and fuels disinformation with questionable journalistic tactics.
This is a big story, but there's not much coverage of it, except in this movie.
Greenwald has fashioned a fine attack dog, and he's sicced it on a deserving subject.
Fox News eventually comes off as a circle of buffoons yapping catch phrases. The movie hammers its points and, like a Bush campaign stop, there's no room for dissent.
Powerful stuff, and deserves to be seen -- by both sides of the political spectrum.
The kind of broader analysis that makes "Outfoxed" worthwhile viewing even for those who don't have Air America as one of their preset stations.
Outfoxed is a must-see for any Fox News aficionado interested in understanding what occurs behind the curtain.
Taken for what it is, Outfoxed is still worth watching, especially for the politically active.
Pure partisan warfare of the liberal stripe, to be sure, but that doesn't make it any less disturbing when discussing such a major shaper of public opinion as Fox, whose motto, judging from this film, more accurately should be 'You retort, we deride.'
An eye-opening look inside television news. The big lesson seems to be - don't believe everything you see on television (and probably only half of what you see at the movies).
Makes a crucial argument that has less to do with conservatives and liberals than with the coarsening of political discourse and the sinking standards of journalism and news -- subjects that go far beyond any particular news operation.
Fights bias with bias.
As hugely entertaining as it is informative.
The little brother to Fahrenheit 9/11. Each will divide their audience based on their political beliefs, despite not being particularly well made.
If you believe, as Greenwald does, that Bill O'Reilly is an immature, pathological liar, then watching the filmmaker expose him provides for great viewing.
chief flaw is that the film gets so hyperfocused on showing us how awful Fox News is, it forgets to put it in any kind of historical context
The entertaining "Outfoxed" comes to the ourageous conclusion that Fox News is not fair and balanced. Gosh, who knew?
If Michael Moore is the shaggy dog hero of the Left these days, then Robert Greenwald is the pit bull.
A damning and thorough indictment of Fox News's dishonest reporting
Succeeds in hoisting Fox News by its own petard. Greenwald's approach may not be balanced, but it seems pretty fair.
Good if obvious indictment of Fox News, but I would've liked more on how the network has hurt other journalists' efforts to find the truth.
Outfoxed manages to be political without being sanctimonious.
Hammers home the point that media mogul Rupert Murdoch's Fox network has never been anything more than a mouthpiece for the Bush administration.
Chutzpah is best defined by Fox's claim that it is 'fair and balanced' . . .
While Outfoxed surely will appeal more to liberals than to conservatives, its value to its self-selected audience lies not in upending anyone's expectations, but in taking the uninitiated down the Fox News rabbit hole.
This is an op-ed polemic, and it's refreshing to see one so skillfully produced by filmmakers with a shoestring budget and meager access to mainstream distribution.
As one-sided as Fox News is, but at least it doesn't pretend to be otherwise, and it's much more fun to watch.
Those with negative opinions of Fox News probably never watch it and may find the ample clips on display here eye-opening.
For independent thinkers and those who think of journalism as a profession of accuracy, fairness and ethics, there's more than enough to chew on.
An often grave but sometimes hilarious picture of a hugely powerful network.
Seems as if it were recorded on a camcorder and narrated by a guy sitting in his kitchen with a microphone. That doesn't negate its effectiveness, however.
A rush job, and it shows.
A frontal assault on Murdoch and Fox.
Outfoxed is effective at undermining the no-news-all-screaming FOX News Channel and giving it a taste of its own medicine.
Required viewing not only for media watchdogs and future journalists, but those who are concerned with how news is disseminated.
The most damning evidence of this exceptionally damning film comes not from its covey of liberal commentators but from the mouth of Fox News itself.
A fast-paced, brilliantly edited indictment that's as hard to turn away from as it is infuriating to watch.
Fox News is a right-wing biased news network? Duh! Now tell me something that I don't know!
A hard-hitting and frightening expose of 'Fair and Balanced' TV news.
Undeniably entertaining and eye-opening, Outfoxed shows how Fox works, but not why.
Unlike the target of its scorn, Outfoxed does not attempt to hide its bias.
Apesar do péssimo projeto gráfico, o filme impressiona por sua pesquisa de imagens, que leva a própria Fox News a ilustrar sua absoluta falta de ética jornalística.
When those talking heads metamorphose into familiar ranting heads, it becomes another mesmerizing right-wing horror show.
With cheesy graphics, an overwrought announcer and far too many talking-head interviews, Outfoxed has an amateurish look and feel.
Greenwald's central thesis rings true.
Methodically works to disarm the ready-made accusation that it is outfoxing Fox by stooping to its methods.
Like so many documentaries this season, such as Fahrenheit 9/11, it preaches to the converted
Unlike Michael Moore, Greenwald does not interject himself. Instead, he hangs Fox News with its own words.
This necessary work records in-depth how unreliable the news is on Fox.
Provides stimulating evidence of how thoroughly news can be skewed, political agendas served and a climate of fear created.






@highlight

Neither fair nor balanced itself, Outfoxed offers an often entertaining indictment of the Fox News Channel.