Much in a Denis work depends on players' silences instead of monologues or dialogues.
It's the kind of public self-exorcism a director can only get away with once in a career. And even at its most overdetermined, it still reflects its maker's signature love for intractable contrasts and unresolved ambiguities.
Denis shoots this grisly-erotic roundelay in her distinctively woozy and elliptical style.
There's possibly no other living director as in sync with the politics of touch as Claire Denis.
A uniquely sensual metaphorical dramatization of sexual obsession that spends a bit too much time on its fairly ludicrous plot.
Shock values may tempt an art-house talent into producing what she (Claire Denis) hopes will be box-office. What comes out, though, is simply badly handled pretentiousness.
Vincent Gallo is right at home in this French shocker playing his usual bad boy weirdo role.
The film is an odd little piece, one in which its malaise disposition persists to engender the cinematic thrill that subcultural viewers hope for.
A tone poem of transgression.
A haunting and exasperating tone poem of revulsion and regret, a come-on and a turn-off that is troubling in every way.
Denis is an extraordinarily reticent storyteller.
Trouble Every Day is a success in some sense, but it's hard to like a film so cold and dead.
It's an odd show, pregnant with moods, stillborn except as a harsh conceptual exercise.
There may have been a good film in "Trouble Every Day," but it is not what is on the screen.
once she lets her love depraved leads meet, [Denis'] story becomes a hopeless, unsatisfying muddle
Even horror fans will most likely not find what they're seeking with Trouble Every Day; the movie lacks both thrills and humor.
Here the love scenes all end in someone screaming. Maybe there's a metaphor here, but figuring it out wouldn't make Trouble Every Day any better.
Skillfully weaves both the elements of the plot and a powerfully evocative mood combining heated sexuality with a haunting sense of malaise.
I'm not sure these words have ever been together in the same sentence: This erotic cannibal movie is boring.
Watching Trouble Every Day, at least if you don't know what's coming, is like biting into what looks like a juicy, delicious plum on a hot summer day and coming away with your mouth full of rotten pulp and living worms.
Narratively, Trouble Every Day is a plodding mess.
A hysterical yet humorless disquisition on the thin line between sucking face and literally sucking face.
Ultimately, the message of Trouble Every Day seems to be that all sexual desire disrupts life's stasis.
Rarely has skin looked as beautiful, desirable, even delectable, as it does in Trouble Every Day.
[Denis'] bare-bones narrative more closely resembles an outline for a '70s exploitation picture than the finished product.
Though it goes further than both, anyone who has seen The Hunger or Cat People will find little new here, but a tasty performance from Vincent Gallo lifts this tale of cannibal lust above the ordinary.
... a film that is profoundly disturbing, yet hauntingly unforgettable.
Nothing Denis has made before, like Beau Travil and Nenette et Boni, could prepare us for this gory, perverted, sex-soaked riff on the cannibal genre.
The story of Trouble Every Day ... is so sketchy it amounts to little more than preliminary notes for a science-fiction horror film, and the movie's fragmentary narrative style makes piecing the story together frustrating difficult.
Rippling with ideas, Trouble Every Day is cinematically astonishing in ways we just aren't used to anymore.
Purposefully shocking in its eroticized gore, if unintentionally dull in its lack of poetic frissons.
An awkwardly garish showcase that diverges from anything remotely probing or penetrating.
The characters search for meaning in capricious, even dangerous sexual urges. The irony is that the only selfless expression of love may be the failure to consummate it.
What one is left with, even after the most awful acts are committed, is an overwhelming sadness that feels as if it has made its way into your very bloodstream.
The increasingly diverse French director has created a film that one can honestly describe as looking, sounding and simply feeling like no other film in recent history.
Hardly a film that comes along every day.
Had the film boasted a clearer, more memorable, the creepiness would have gotten under the skin.
What's needed so badly but what is virtually absent here is either a saving dark humor or the feel of poetic tragedy.
[Denis] might be off her nut, but she can sure make an interesting film, a la Davids Lynch and Cronenberg.
The picture emerges as a surprisingly anemic disappointment.











@highlight

An erotic thriller dulled by a messy narrative.