Both actors are sorely wasted, though they each try their best to enliven the lumbering script.
It is all good knockabout fun. But the real treat is the bonkers James McAvoy.
Nowhere near as torturous to endure as last year's I, Frankenstein, but it's bland, dull, and forgettable
There is some spectacle here... but the story never achieves lift-off, and with McAvoy eventually over-doing the mad-scientist stuff, it crashes and burns somewhere in predictably storm-swept Scotland.
It's not weird-that's actually part of the problem-it's just bad.
Even though you know how the story goes (mad scientist creates monster out of dead body parts, with horrifying consequences), there are some great twists in this version.
It's when the movie widens from this core group of characters that it stumbles fatally.
An unneeded shallow adaptation of the Mary Shelley classic, trying desperately but unsuccessfully to put a new spin on the familiar Gothic story.
There isn't enough emotional backstory given to McAvoy's character to care about whether or not he manages to bring the monster to life.
Look for your esprit de corpse elsewhere.
It's just not a very good movie, and much of the time, it seems like a colossal waste of McAvoy's considerable talents.
Comedy, tragedy, horror, fantasy, romance... all of this is part of Victor Frankenstein, and yet it feels like it lacks all of that. That's bad. [Full review in Spanish]
Occasionally [spikes] into dopey fun but mostly [drags] the lake of Frankenstein adaptations past for story beats that are beyond well worn.
Maybe it's time to create new monsters instead of trying to bring back the ones we know, sadly, I think everything that we could do with them has been done. [Full review in Spanish]
This so-called 'regeneration' is a real hotchpotch.
Victor Frankenstein is certainly entertaining and even ambitious, but it's uneven plotting and execution, plus the fact that, at the end of the day, it doesn't really offer anything new - only some rather over-the-top action sequences.
What slightly elevates the movie (but doesn't quite redeem due to its almost 2 hour leght) are its costumes and overall production design. [Full Review in Spanish]
It is as if they spend so much time getting the monster looking scary that they forgot the whole point of the film was to tell a story.
[This] schizophrenic lump of stitched-together cinematic remains hardly deserves the moniker 'alive.'
Any time you watch a "reimagining" of a story in the public domain, you do so at your own peril.
It has so many illogical elements that it becomes an involuntary comedy. [Full review in Spanish]
In spite of being a great production wih a great cast, the movie falls appart due to a bad script. [Full review in Spanish]
Unfortunately, the end result has neither the subtlety of Sherlock nor the intellectual rigor of Mary Shelley's novel - it's a hammy, clunky misfire which largely squanders a strong core concept.
...exciting, visually spectacular, and well acted. [Full review in Spanish]
The screenplay for this movie is tedious, boring and hard to believe. [Full review in Spanish]
The only time the movie comes to life (so to speak) is during its climax, when Victor succeeds in bringing his creation to life and must deal with the subsequent rampage... After slogging through 100 minutes of tedium to get there, it's hard to care.
Add the film to the disturbingly long list of dreadful adaptations of a source that deserves better.
Old Meat.
Victor Frankenstein lumbers and lurches rather like the monstrosity that the title character jolts to life with a bolt of lightning from the heavens.
This new version adds little to nothing to the story we already know and have seen so many times. [Full review in Spanish]
The film repeatedly loses its charge, falling back on dull, franchise world-building for sequels that will probably never be made. What a shame.
It is a strange mix of intentional and unintentional laughs.
Like the spark of life itself, it's hard to identify the elusive missing ingredient that prevents this ragbag of potentially likable body parts ever earning the accolade "It's alive!"
This is not your dad's "Frankenstein," more is the pity, and time would be better spent watching the marvelous 1931 original.
Unfortunately, - just like the monster in question - the latest offering from director Paul McGuigan (Lucky Number Slevin) is a bit of a lumbering mess.
A riff on the Hollywood conventions of a story we know very well already, with little new to say. James McAvoy's mad scientist is fun to watch, though.
You say "goes completely off the rails" like it's a bad thing.
Daniel Radcliffe continues to demonstrate the dignity that seems to inform almost all of his performances. God knows what he must have been thinking while observing the mayhem around him.
Director Paul McGuigan and screenwriter Max Landis possess an ambition far beyond their range, attempting to graft together pieces of gothic horror, dark comedy, costume drama, existentialist philosophy and CGI adventure.
A B-movie with a beating heart, if not an entirely functional brain.
Most of the comedy seems intentional and primarily comes from McAvoy's manic performance as Frankenstein, frequently engaging in hyperactive rants, spittle flying from his mouth in a most entertaining fashion.
Much like the murmuring creature of Shelley's novels, Victor Frankenstein is a lot of ideas sewn together, that emerges without ever really knowing what it is.
Worst film of the year? Possibly. Worst Frankenstein adaptation ever? Definitely (and considering that Aaron Eckhart's egregious 2014 action flop I, Frankenstein is also in the running, that's impressive).
Taken as a lurid, B-movie-style pantomime fantasy, the film is quite fun but it is vexing to see actors of the calibre of McAvoy and Radcliffe reduced to such abject mugging.
Fantastically silly but enjoyable ...
Crackling with energy and fizzing with ideas, this fresh take on Frankenstein is a thrilling adaptation that reinvigorates a well-worn tale.
Blunders at random between leaden Hollywood cliché-ese and florid Russell Brand-style methinksery without landing on a single memorable line or interaction.
The inexplicable lack of set pieces and monsters means that it's ultimately a disappointment.
There's enough here that is both fresh and keyed in to the heritage of Frankenstein legacy to make Victor Frankenstein very worthwhile. That it also has something on its mind is even better.
So bad it's good. It's hard to hate a movie that features a sparking electro-monkey-monster named Gordon.
Director Paul McGuigan says Mary Shelley's 1818 novel is 'dull as dishwater,' so he's jettisoned it for something dumb as dog dirt: an action bromance apparently inspired by Guy Ritchie's Sherlock Holmes films.
Fun enough, but not the lightning-bolt-to-the-heart update we hoped for.
What in hell were the makers of this monstrosity thinking?
McGuigan would have been wise to take a cue from director James Whale, who told his 1931 story in a concise 70 minutes. This one is far too long. As a result, it loses some of its impact and pace. However, the last 30 minutes are good.
McAvoy's high-energy turn will keep you watching, at least, but only just.
There's a real sense of adventure to this playful endeavour.
Over-produced with a stilted, silly screenplay and an over-the-top performance by James McAvoy. Can I get some cheese to go with all that ham?
Some movies only make sense if you've been a 13-year-old girl, and Victor Frankenstein is one of them.
James McAvoy is great fun in this unique and visually-exciting adaptation of the well-known story.
Aside from a few woeful jump scares, the film is too consumed with showcasing dreary digital effects, and photographing its players amidst gears and gadgets and funhouse-mirror glass, to bother crafting suspense.
Victor Frankenstein does nothing to justify its existence. It's lifeless.
Not a great movie by any means, but still enjoyable in a cheesy sort of way.
There are nods to the 1931 Frankenstein as well as a shout-out of sorts to Mel Brooks' 1974 Young Frankenstein (although, sadly, no one exclaims, "What knockers!"). There's also an extended cameo by Dawn of the Planet of the Apes' scar-faced chimp Koba.
The movie never really quite works and its faults are many. [Full review in Spanish]
Even though it sets the stage to open the limits and moral dilemas of science to be discussed, the director is more worried about the way everything looks rather than actually fleshing that part out. [Full review in Spanish]
A good and enjoyable surprise. [Full review in Spanish]
Victor Frankenstein has too many ups and downs and it never defines what it wants t be, its a mix of comedy, action, drama and even has some hints of horror, but it never mixes them well. [Full review in Spanish]
McGuigan's visually vivid Victor Frankenstein races to its lightning-storm finish, running over the solid (if not electrifying) acting of McAvoy and Radcliffe.
To avoid the accusation that it's an unnecessary remake of an oft-told story, screenwriter Max Landis has reduced Mary Shelly's cautionary tale to a bad comic book, bereft of soul and intelligence.
It's hard to give Mary Shelley's classic tale a new spin, but at least this movie has a great time while doing it. [Full review in Spanish]
A worn out concept has been done about 75 times. Most are bottom-feeder bad and this one is close to the bottom of the bottom feeders. Worst movie of the year so far.
Victor Frankenstein is an entertainingly kooky, but otherwise messy and slapdash re-imagining of the Frankenstein mythos, for these reasons.
By the time Frankenstein's monster shows up to raise holy hell in the last act, you're not even that interested, because its lumbering violence is just no match for the intriguing story of its makers.
A cute idea, but a bad one.
When it goes wrong you get something like... well, you get something like Victor Frankenstein,/i>.
Pus-siphoning? Electrified monkey corpses? I'm making the movie sound better than it is.
Tedium soon topples the effort, which fights to make a viable movie out of a grab bag of ideas.
"Victor Frankenstein" goes uphill ... for a bit before plummeting downhill fast.
Sharp and enjoyable, like a breath of air that's both fresh and, due to the subject matter, fetid at the same time.
The latest resurrection of Mary Shelley's horror classic has a tech-era vibe that adds to its modest appeal.
Only Radcliffe escapes unscathed, lending Igor a convincing psychology despite the ham-fistedness of the material. But he's not enough of a reason to resurrect this story again.
Those first two-thirds are a delight.
Ironically, Victor Frankenstein is such a Frankenstein's monster of different tones and plots inelegantly stitched together that it never finds a life of its own.
It spends so much time winking at the audience that it's amazing the camera stayed in focus.
VICTOR FRANKENSTEIN is an enjoyable - if more than a bit silly - take on the classic story.
McAvoy's performance is good for a few laughs, but the doctor never seems capable of sustaining a serious thought, let alone creating life.
The film is fleet and funny until the stakes are raised, Frankenstein's ultimate creation an unfortunate anticlimax.
It has a wide range of elements: slapstick, gothic horror, romance, meta in-jokes, action, and fiery spectacle. But it stitches them all together into a loose, shambling creation that feels like it was never entirely meant to live.
Its patchwork of genres initially strikes a bolt of lightning into a familiar story. But in the end, it winds up dead on the table, another failed experiment gone wrong.
Despite McAvoy's terrific performance, the movie looks confused, rather like Igor's first self-image.
Better to be an overachieving B-movie than a disappointing headliner.
Isn't by any stretch of the imagination a good movie. But...it offers a goofy but sporadically amusing take on the familiar tale.
As is only suitable in a film about creating life, the action is lively, the tone not quite tongue-in-cheek, and the dialogue pugnaciously impudent. McAvoy is the embodiment of it all.
Did you say, Eye-gor? More like eyesore.
Give me Boris Karloff or "Young Frankenstein" any day over this tonally confused genre pic. (Full Content Review - Sex, Profanity, Violence, etc. - for Parents also available)
Outside of McAvoy's performance, the movie isn't anything more than borderline adequate in any area, and despite the supposed fresh take on the material, it never shakes the feeling that it's unnecessary.
Despite half-hearted moves towards providing a new take on a classic story, Victor Frankenstein is less "aliiiiiive!" than trapped in a coma of its own making.
It's got terrific set design, and some striking performances. But like the creature seen all-too-briefly at the end, it's a rough thing of patches and pieces, crudely stitched together.
I expected the latest iteration of the Frankenstein franchise to be bad, but would it be enjoyably bad? Then, in the first scene, we see Daniel Radcliffe capering about as a hunchback in clown makeup, and I thought, "Go on . . . I'm listening."
Its litany of human freaks and animal monstrosities are meant to distract from the superficiality of its psychological and intellectual concerns.
The first words spoken in Victor Frankenstein are "You know the story," and anyone who simply mutters "Yep," gets up, and heads back to the box office for a refund will be well ahead of the game.
Thin as a halfpenny, "Victor Frankenstein" has nothing to offer on science and the mysteries of creation, but it does reaffirm the grip that Shelley's story retains on the imagination, no matter how far afield it's taken.
This un-terrifying film tries to find an interesting twist on the classic Frankenstein tale, but horrifically fails.
A kind of mad coming-of-age yarn embellished with lightning bolts and monsters made of cadaverous flesh.
Enjoy it for what it is: Sanitized, family friendly popcorn entertainment with a few laughs and a modicum of excitement.
Igor now has a movie of his own, but like Igor himself, it is merely a footnote in a richer, more meaningful tradition of Frankenstein.
Director Paul McGuigan's reimagining is a bad movie, but it's one that's lucky enough to have James McAvoy in the lead role.
For much of the movie's running time, I wished I were watching Mel Brooks' classic take on Shelley's yarn, "Young Frankenstein." At least that one was intentionally funny.
It's worth seeing, in large part for McAvoy's performance.
These changes, rather than inject new life in a story told innumerable times, underscore what it is that works so well in other, better iterations.
Even though there are some very good bits floating about, it gets to be too much of a crazy thing.
Nods to Jack Pierce's iconic, Karloffian monster design of 1931, Victorian opium consumption, and even Mel Brooks' Young Frankenstein pop out all over the place, nicely placed and often when you least expect them.
Like Frankenstein's new creature, this movie stumbles about, never finding its footing or knowing what direction to go.
A potential vein of revisionist sex politics isn't nearly enough to warrant sitting through the drearily animated efforts of Victor Frankenstein.
As Radcliffe says from the beginning, we know this story. Since we already do, the longer this particular version of it continues, the more we wonder why we're bothering to sit through it.
Go watch "Young Frankenstein" again, rather than venturing out to this one on a stormy night.
McAvoy might be able to make himself froth at the mouth while screaming "It's alive!" but no one concerned ever manages to make the movie feel like the same thing can be said of it.
[Victor Frankenstein] is a bit like the most famous iteration of The Monster itself. Bluntly stitched together from an assortment of parts, it lumbers about causing great dismay to all unlucky enough to to make its acquaintance.
Two of Britain's most adorable and adored acting exports, in '80s hair metal coiffures, vamp away at the Frankenstein legend. They just don't vamp enough.
Although the mad doctor (played by James McAvoy) gets title billing, the star this time is his faithful assistant Igor (Daniel Radcliffe), a circus sideshow freak whose hump turns out to have been a really big zit (no, seriously).
It essentially repeats, with a few uninteresting new details, all the same stuff we've seen in the other 457 Frankenstein movies.
Paul McGuigan directs, but apparently without a clue as to what kind of story he's trying to tell.
'You know the story,' Daniel Radcliffe's Igor purrs in 'Victor Frankenstein''s opening seconds, then gives us time to groan before it removes all that was great and, more important, fun about an ageless brand."
It's alive, I suppose. But just barely.
Whether you call it a hybrid, an origin story, a prequel, spinoff or "regeneration," the stitched-together monster mashup that is Victor Frankenstein is in one sense a perfect specimen: It exemplifies the more-is-less school of moviemaking.
Feels as stitched together as one of the title character's monsters, flirting with horror, action, comedy and even romance but committing to nothing but loud messiness.
This Grand Guignol riot of rotting animal and Godless creations is great fun.
A bleak, tedious enterprise, shot in earth tones and Gothic gray and blue.
Despite director Paul McGuigan's eccentric attempt to add a fresh vision to the story combining melodrama and black comedy, he has, in effect, written a chapter of "Mary Shelley for Dummies."
This skewed take on Mary Shelley's classic never shows enough sparks of life to justify reanimating its nearly 200-year-old source.
Victor Frankenstein isn't imaginative enough, scary enough or crazy enough.
A bloody mess, and a needlessly loud one as well.
What exec thought this was what people wanted around the holidays? Or ever.
McAvoy creates an ambitious, obsessive and unscrupulous character that's also charming enough to interest the audience and Radcliffe doesn't fall behind with an Igor you've never seen before. [Full review in Spanish]

@highlight

A re-imagining without the imagining, Victor Frankenstein plays at providing a fresh perspective on an oft-told tale, but ultimately offers little of interest that viewers haven't already seen in superior Frankenstein films.