So stylish that no one seems able to bring themselves to say exactly what's happening.
How many times does one come across an intelligent and effective adaptation? [Full review in Spanish]
[There's] a brilliant and unnervingly timely exchange.
It drags on a little long, but you can't look away.
A Most Wanted Man is a rare feature: a relatively smart take on the war on terror that doesn't devolve into ideological score settling.
As their entire mission rests on the most minuscule of actions, Corbijn has crafted a smart, slow-burn thriller.
In a spy flick, we want to see action. We want to see Jason Bourne jumping off a roof. We want tension, not realism-not smoking and meetings and yakking.
A bittersweet curtain call for the late Philip Seymour Hoffman.
Cobijn doesn't totally conquer le Carré's complicated plot
Kudos to Hoffman in this good-enough le Carré spy tale
The end result may look good but it never feels distinctive despite the wealth of talent involved in front of and behind the camera.
Hoffman's last leading role is it own kind of spy film
It's an engrossing, unsettling, and highly provocative film, and you certainly ought to see it if you get the opportunity.
Hoffman's an actor who could do just about anything, but being authentically German is not one of them.
Anton Corbijn's new thriller is perhaps the best so far to tackle the war on terror, thanks to an ingeniously twisty and deeply cynical storyline, plus a towering performance from Philip Seymour Hoffman.
One of the countless sad things about losing Hoffman is the realization that we'll never get to watch him single-handedly elevate an otherwise OK movie again.
Perhaps it accurately conveys the more mundane side of the war on terror, but that doesn't make for an entertaining film.
Hoffman heads an impressive cast and the plot is well crafted, even if the characters and moral uncertainties seem very familiar and the message remains the same.
Somehow Hoffman manages to create a man of iron resolve, who nevertheless carries the vulnerability of knowing that he has failed before. That's what makes the whole film absorbing and the final scenes so unbearably tense.
"A Most Wanted Man" allows Hoffman to go out with not only one of his best performances, but one that epitomizes his strengths.
Without the goneness of Philip Seymour Hoffman hanging over it, what would A Most Wanted Man be worth?
This is the sharpest, most reasonable tale of espionage and intrigue since John Boorman's Tailor of Panama.
Watching "A Most Wanted Man" now, knowing that it's the last time we'll see Hoffman explore such an imperfect soul, just makes the experience that much more engrossing.
This one is well-acted but bleaker than usual, thanks to an uninvolving story, a shortage of sympathetic characters, leaden pacing by director Anton Corbijn, and washed-out, dreary cinematography by Benoît Delhomme.
Hoffman is in fine form here and, despite a long murky stretch, the film works.
A Most Wanted Man deploys its tangled case of surveillance and counter-intelligence with elegance and grace.
This quietly intense espionage thriller can be hard to follow due to the sheer density of its info-heavy plotting. That it never becomes an impenetrable experience is all due to Hoffman's immovably centred performance.
Ultimately, we are welcome to marvel at A Most Wanted Man, but it'd be nearly impossible to revel in it.
Corbijn... has found richer genre material for his gray, gusty aesthetic than 2010's supremely well-styled but emotionally vacant thriller "The American."
A Most Wanted Man is exactly what you'd expect from the director of The American, and while that assessment will mean different things to different people the film remains a meticulously crafted adaptation of John le Carre's bestselling novel.
The other shame of Anton Corbijn's version of John le Carre's novel is that it's not much good.
Hoffman intrigues by keeping his cards clasped firmly to his chest. It is a restrained, controlled performance from one of the most talented screen actors of his generation. He's so good it's heartbreaking.
No doubt the doom-laden setting and tragic denouement are true to the reality of these situations, but the audience would appreciate some surprises.
All minor reservations aside, the movie must be counted as a great success.
The film's confident tonal control is a compliment to Corbijn's skill, but it's also recognition of Philip Seymour Hoffman's wonderfully controlled central performance. You don't realize how stunning the whole experience really was until it's over.
It is a commanding performance from Hoffman, and an overwhelmingly satisfying note for this actor to end on.
A political thriller, sure, but mostly a study in sad, defeated obsession ... and how goddamned cruel the world can be.
A Most Wanted Man concludes on a bleakly prescient note, not only in offering an extraordinarily trenchant critique of American foreign policy but also as a moody send off to Hoffman himself.
A Most Wanted Man is a mercurial puzzle; it's espionage done right from the right source material.
With casting like this, I'd rather see the movie than read the book. At least in the case of one spy novelist.
In one of his last films films to be released, the late Philip Seymore Hoffman gives another of his pitch-perfect performances in this twisted spy yarn set in Hamburg, Germany.
A poignant glimpse of the war on terror and the vulnerability of a burnt-out German intelligence operative.
A smart, classy, slow-burn thriller made up of the stuff of authentic spy work and plenty of bitter irony about modern geopolitics.
... manages to challenge preconceived notions about terrorists in a way that doesn't pander or offend.
...a total failure on almost every single level...
Doesn't do too much wrong, yet struggles with the weight of expectation.
Um thriller de espionagem feito por e para adultos.
It was shot in dark, lurid, vital Hamburg; Hoffman is the star; and I was completely held.
Hoffman's performance is filled with exasperation at a world that refuses to see things the way he does, and he gives profound voice to this commonality amongst us all.
Superbly plays out as a backstreet atmospheric subtle topical cat-and-mouse espionage game.
Photographer-turned-filmmaker Anton Corbijn continues to show striking maturity with only his third movie (after Control and The American). Based on the John Le Carre novel, this thriller avoids cliches to become a brilliantly tense spy drama.
The air of paranoid mistrust rings true, evoked most eloquently by Hoffman's world-weary face, which speaks a universal language.
A Most Wanted Man's a fine swan song for an actor who could do more with a look and exasperated outburst that many of his contemporaries.
Moody intrigue is the tone of this slow burning espionage thriller from John Le Carre in which Phillip Seymour Hoffman's solid presence as a scotch-drinking, chain-smoking, crumpled German operative leaves an indelible mark.
There is no real sense of urgency here. Anton Corbijn's chilly, detached directorial style doesn't help.
The finale, when [Philip Seymour Hoffman] reacts to everything that has gone before, is the year's most remarkably cinematic moment.
A Most Wanted Man is Hoffman's film. He doesn't just dominate the picture; he wears it like a scruffy but well-fitted suit. It's an honourable last bow.
Anton Corbijn's new thriller is perhaps the best so far to tackle the War on Terror, thanks to an ingeniously twisty, and deeply cynical, storyline plus a towering performance from Philip Seymour Hoffman ...
As a mood-piece it has lovely spells.
Watching the late Philip Seymour Hoffman as a drained, despairing spymaster in A Most Wanted Man, it's hard not to find the shadow of his tragically early death hanging over his character.
Everyone becomes a pawn in a much larger game as this muted, low-key thriller weaves its tangled web.
For all its chilled intelligence and topical ambition this is a bloodless adaptation, but worth seeing for Hoffman's deft and ghostly presence.
A thorny, welcome reminder of the mainstream media's short-term memory regarding the abduction, extradition and torture of innocent Muslims under the Bush administration and beyond.
Adrenalin junkies may have to look elsewhere but this dark, wintry slice of post 7/11 espionage packs its own punch in admirably singular style
Corbijn may tend to favour vague, vaporous stylings, but Hoffman brings focus that snaps the film out of somnabulism.
Given the deadly stakes, this should be gripping, but the film gets sucked into academic plot details, trudging through each rendezvous and stakeout.
Even through Bachmann's exasperated sighs, surreptitious swigs of booze and shuffles through clouds of cigarette smoke, Hoffman manages to be utterly magnetic.
An old-school spy thriller, Corbijn's taut le Carré riff does its genre proud. Hoffman commands every second.
On the evidence of A Most Wanted Man, one of [Hoffman's] final films, our loss is all the greater as he's simply magnificent in a gripping espionage thriller.
A Most Wanted Man is primarily a showpiece for Hoffman, who turns in the most controlled performance in his often-overwrought career.
Directed beautifully, Hoffman seems to have the whole film under lock and key, but pads around cagily, watchfully, as if prowling the perimeter to stop an imminent burglary.
The immensely slow-building tension of the piece grows irresistibly suffocating.
Will hold us until the next le Carré rolls out.
This is a fantastic film ... Corbijn dispatches each scene like a maestro snooker player sinking balls, with power, style, and, most importantly, absolute precision. See it on the big screen.
The all-time great actor has given audiences one last parting gift: The chance to experience a performance unlike any he'd ever given; to see him again, anew.
Hoffman hasn't a lot to say in A Most Wanted Man but with his curt asides and air of casual authority he's always a commanding presence.
This slow-burning film about surveillance asks moral questions regarding how long we must contain our racial and prejudicial impulses before acting on our suspicions.
It's difficult to separate A Most Wanted Man from its central performance, to watch the film without seeing it as an affirmation of Hoffman's singular gifts, of his ability to create a fragile yet powerful character caught between dedication and despair.
A contemporary tale of terrorism and intelligence gathering that is as thrilling as it is relevant.
Le Carre flips the script and reinvents himself too, from the Cold War to the War on Terror in this coincidentally ripped from the headlines Euro-spy thriller. In this cat and mouse CIA and now NSA by implication face-off, redefining heroes and villains.
May not be in the same class as The Spy Who Came In from the Cold or The Constant Gardener, but it earns its keep by featuring yet another excellent turn by the late, lamented Philip Seymour Hoffman.
A measured, intelligent film that doesn't overplay its topicality or its anti-terrorist theme. As a showcase for Philip Seymour Hoffman's mastery of nuance, A Most Wanted Man also serves as a tribute to a singular talent taken far too early
A cliched and frequently stodgy affair...pales in comparison to [Corbjin's] previous effort, or indeed, other recent le Carre adaptations.
If you are looking to drown out the real world, this ain't gonna be your flick. But I can't deny its craft and its professionalism. (Full Content Review for Parents also Available)
Hoffman immerses himself in the character the way he usually did, giving Gunther Bachmann a tragic streak of frustration and righteousness
Philip Seymour Hoffman brings the gravitas needed to add nuance to some conventional machinations.
He [Philip Seymour Hoffman] is cast as a German intelligence operative and there are times when the precision of the accent combines with his husky baritone to bring his dialogue close to poetry.
Every glance and line of dialogue pushes the scene forward, every scene pushes the story forward, and if your attention wanders, there's a good chance the ending will just pass you by.
A fitting showcase for Philip Seymour Hoffman's tousled talents ... and a sad epitaph of a title for one of Hollywood's most talented character actors.
The puzzle-like premise of A Most Wanted Man is a fabrication, but you cannot escape the fascination of Hoffman waiting for despair to be confirmed.
The drama is low-key, the theme of short term pain versus long term gain is intriguingly explored, it may not have the gung-ho action that some audiences demand but it is a solid well-made thriller.
It wants to be more than it is, but it's still good and contains a strong performance from Philip Seymour Hoffman.
An intelligent slow-burn thriller. Philip Seymour Hoffman knocks it out of the ballpark. Your patience will be rewarded. It wouldn't be surprising if he were nominated later this year for a posthumous Best Actor award.
Director Anton Corbijn has admirably captured the tenor and flavor of John le Carré's long, boring, wordy books by translating his 2008 novel into a long, boring, wordy movie worth seeing only to view McAdams cavort in the tightest jeans in movie history.
It's a fun ride that also offers moments of profundity concerning the less than heroic way we fight the war on terror.
It's confident in its approach and doesn't shy away from its central purpose. It's a morality tale that engulfs your conscience with terrifying and difficult questions.
This dark, complex and ultimately mournful look at intelligence officials aiming to take down a financial supporter of terrorism features one of Philip Seymour Hoffman's best performances.
[The film feels] cobbled together like a bad shoe from a book by John le Carré.
Challenging, intelligent, it emcompasses the best and worst of human nature with unflinching precision and wistful melancholy
Please know that it all adds up to a seriously gripping, always thought-provoking narrative for our cautious times. Ironically, it includes one last enormous performance from one of our most trustworthy actors, an unfortunate gift to us all.
[Bovell's screenplay] effectively strips down le Carré's narrative to a tense exploration of espionage in a world of constant fear, where the appearance of keeping people safer may be more important than actually keeping people safer.
In Corbijn's hands the material finds a true ally because the former music-mag photographer's gritty esthetic lines up with le Carré's seemingly random -- but highly structured -- tone.
[Hoffman] scales his performance to Olympian heights, yet he elevates all his collaborators, too.
[Screenwriter Andrew] Bovell and director Anton Corbijn keep us guessing about motives, especially Karpov's, until the last moments.
Intelligent filmmaking is rare enough these days, and intelligent films taking an ethically probing approach to the war on terror even rarer.
Hoffman, bloated and flushed, does not look well in this film. But he is such a consummate actor that whatever infirmities he may have been fighting become a part of his performance.
With his sharp instincts and exhausted wisdom, the character of Gunther offers us a bittersweet reminder of Hoffman's gifts in what is his last completed film.
"One of the best spy thrillers in recent years."
Precise and moody, and a terrific look at how misplaced priorities and ingrained racism and xenophobia thwart intelligence machines that can operate with such frightening efficiency.
A Most Wanted Man doesn't snap into focus until the last 15 of its 121 minutes. But until then, director Anton Corbijn serves up plenty of good, foggy, rainy ambiguity.
Drinking, smoking, grimacing and muttering in a thick German accent, Hoffman owns Bachmann.
Corbijn confidently keeps the balance between the larger cat-and-mouse game and Bachmann's own, personal risk; the movie's final moment may haunt you for some time.
It's hard not to want A Most Wanted Man to go on forever, if only to spend time in the company of Hoffman - one of the great actors of his, or any, generation.
Corbijn keeps the action of "A Most Wanted Man" at arms length or greater, never finding the heart of the piece despite mostly solid performances and strong production values.
The story unfolds slowly, with the filmmaker's own fascination with process at center stage.
Hoffman brings a balance of fierce obsession and weary resignation to the role, and ends on a howling note that's so deeply human it brings shivers.
To spy, to lie, to seduce, to deceive, to try to do right, to destroy - that is the current that runs under everything in le Carré's fiction, and it courses through Hoffman's veins as Bachmann in A Most Wanted Man.
The screenplay by Andrew Bovell ... is not as concerned with matters of plot as it is with the mysteries of morality and justice playing out behind the scenes.
[A] crackerjack thriller, at once brooding, claustrophobic and unbearably tense ...
A movie that tries to cover many facets of the post-9/11 period, though it doesn't quite make up for the fact that a great cast is sometimes wasted.
A rather sad movie about the potential futility of doing good, or at least taking the difficult path, in a complicated world.
Hoffman's accent sounds like no German I've ever heard, but he sticks to it and makes it work by sheer force of will.
Most Wanted can often be a chilly bit of business, but it's no less gripping for its emotional distance, thanks mostly to a superb cast led by the late Philip Seymour Hoffman.
A Most Wanted Man retains a cogent narrative and le Carre's weary outlook. Rather than choke the narrative with details, the filmmakers keep the story lean while adding evocative visual and aural details.
"A Most Wanted Man" is not a guns-and-motorcycles spy story but a shadowy walk down a dark alley.
I wish I could say that the film gives a great actor a worthy role, but the truth is otherwise.
The cat-and-mouse games, while entertaining, feel familiar. What elevates the movie is Hoffman's performance as a man pouring his soul into the only work he knows.
Who will make these arrests and when? It's hard to develop an intense involvement around the question, and heading toward the who-cares resolution are lots of scenes paced with maddening slowness.
Had Hoffman never played a role other than Günther Bachmann, he would still have been one of his generation's greatest actors.
Hoffman shines in a role that demands not showmanship, but a kind of complexity and contradiction that can be rendered only through the kind of dull character details that he excelled in, accumulating them from the inside out.
Smart and filled with twists, as you might expect, if a little on the slow side. (OK, a lot on the slow side.)
The great pleasure of le Carré-land - for some, it's the frustration - is that one's own moral certainties are quickly stood on their head.
The plot twists and turns are genuine John le Carre and, I have to admit, I did not see the end coming. And neither did Gunther.
To some, Corbijn's movie will feel moody and complex. But anyone looking for fizz or flash will spend most of the movie engaged in a hearty game of Watch Check.
"A Most Wanted Man" is the rare film that will remain on your mind long after you've left the theater.
If at first [Hoffman's] German accent seems unnatural, trust in the actor, whose low guttural enunciation exhibits an ear finely tuned to the idiosyncrasies of the language.
Anchored by Hoffman's superlative performance, the story, based on a John le Carré novel, is low-key, brooding and engrossing.
Hoffman leaves us with a quality film that showcases his tremendous depth and range as an actor.
The story by Andrew Bovell, who wrote "Edge of Darkness," feels true to the novel by John le Carré, with perhaps more emphasis on Hoffman's spy chief.
The joys of Hoffman's performance are evident on first viewing.
A Most Wanted Man has a veracity most spy thrillers lack, and the suspense is of the intellectual, not visceral, kind.
elegant, sparse, and scrupulously acted but dramatically stunted
The pacing of A Most Wanted Man, a movie without any real dramatic crescendos, can get tedious without complete attention that the movie earns.
A smart, bluntly effective adaptation of John le Carré's post-9/11 political passion play about good, evil and the sins committed in the name of national security.
This adaptation of a John le Carré novel works smashingly as a suspense film, a mood piece, and a vehicle for the late Philip Seymour Hoffman.
It's in color, but it feel black-and-white, as washed-out as its hero is burnt-out.
Forget divining who's predator and who's prey. Everybody's chum here.
As sluggish, or perhaps concentrated is the more accurate description, Man is, it does stick its landing, paying off semi-stasis with shocking dramatic accuracy.
Philip Seymour Hoffman is excellent in this simmering espionage thriller.
Corbijn gives "A Most Wanted Man" the momentum of a thriller but Hoffman's subtle performance gives it the depth of a melancholy character portrait.
The last full-scale Hoffman performance - and it's a master class in acting - comes in A Most Wanted Man, Anton Corbijn's tense, twisty and terrific spy thriller, based on John le Carré's 2008 novel.
This magnificent thriller is thrilling not just for being one of Hoffman's final (and best) performances, but also for how Corbjin uses Hoffman as a thespian bomb that explodes at the narrative meeting points.
Contains a strong sense of how difficult/necessary it can be to watch and wait rather than act and arrest.
The movie is good, solid le Carre. It's chilly yet humane, and human-scaled ...
Corbijn handles this surfeit of plot with ease, skillfully preserving the mystery of Issa's motives and creating an atmosphere of pervasive distrust.
The details aren't always compelling enough to compensate for the movie's slow pace, but they build to a satisfyingly bleak conclusion.
Densely plotted, with everyone spying on everybody else, the movie is fraught with labyrinthine details more complicated than Egyptian hieroglyphics.
If Hoffman's splendid, subtle performance might not be the apex of his wide-ranging career, this intelligent, engrossing film proves a fitting finale to it.
The first time we see Hoffman's hand graze Hoss' shoulder, it's almost like a bomb has silently exploded, so graceful and engaged is this so-small, so-refined physical exchange of these two splendid actors.
A naturalistic thriller that gives itself over to the tremendous, hushed force of the late Philip Seymour Hoffman.
More than 100 minutes into "A Most Wanted Man," a CIA officer asks, "What are we trying to achieve here?" Viewers can be forgiven for replying, "If you don't know, why should we?"
A Most Wanted Man is The Spy Who Came in from the Tepid.
Classic le Carre, with one last great performance by Philip Seymour Hoffman
A Most Wanted Man is a smart, gripping thriller that carefully navigates its way through subtle twists and delicious ambiguity.
Having one of the world's finest actors in a near-perfect role for him goes a long way to create a character and plot-driven film that pays the greatest homage to the author's work.
By the end, Corbijn and screenwriter Andrew Bovell have laid bare all of these unknowable men. The answers satisfy - sometimes they're even heartening.
This is Le Carre's world: the one where everyone is only somewhat knowable, and probably to some degree dangerous.
A Most Wanted Man is a cold film that examines its characters from a clinical distance, but its iciness gives way to raw emotion in a powerful final sequence.
[VIDEO ESSAY] Anton Corbjin's unconventional post-9/11 spy thriller (based on John le Carré dated 2008 novel‬) remains an engaging experience in spite of myriad aspects that weigh it down.
Anton Corbijn constructs a stifling world of shadowy surveillance and intersecting national interests, building on John Le Carré's sense of moral and emotional exhaustion.
A secret shadow warrior, chain-smoking and overly fond of drink, Hoffman's Gunter Bachmann takes all the clichés about the aging spy and makes them new again.
Crackles with a jigsaw-puzzle intelligence and features a superbly subtle lead performance from the late Philip Seymour Hoffman, who single-handedly gooses the post-9/11 procedural through some of its slower patches.
Stylish, dense contemporary spy drama about a suspected terrorist on the loose in 2008 Hamburg has the late Philip Seymour Hoffman again delivering an exceptional performance, here as a rogue German agent determined to stamp out terrorism.
Curiously tense throughout despite a paucity of physical action.
The tragic loss of Philip Seymour Hoffman resonates through Anton Corbijn's challenging but ultimately rewarding thriller.
Philip Seymour Hoffman dominates as German spy-master Gunther Bachmann in Anton Corbijn's old-school espionage yarn, based on John le Carré's 2008 novel.
Hoffman is a lovely fit as one of Le Carre's dilapidated, disappointed anti-heroes, whose post-ideological bafflement regarding the point of what he's doing feels wholly convincing.
The narrative gets severely bogged down in the boring minutia of spy work, showcasing the smallest details of Gunter's investigations, all the while muddling up the plot and any sense of character development.
It is on Philip Seymour Hoffman's shoulders that much of the film sits, and his disheveled, cigarette-fueled German spy character provides another of his inimitable sad-sack characters that he brings to the screen better than pretty much anyone.
Slow-paced and brooding, A Most Wanted Man won't be to everyone's tastes, but it's a must see for Le Carré fans.
Another pot boiler with a great cast and a story that emphasizes facts, figures, and mood while leaving character in the background.
Not as arty as The American or Tinker Tailor Soldier Spy or as soapy and quickly paced as its small screen counterparts, A Most Wanted Man is left somewhere in the middle.
an interesting yarn, but while watching it I was unable to shake that it was so ... freaking ... slow.
Philip Seymour Hoffman plays a German intelligence operative in Anton Corbijn's steadily absorbing John le Carre adaptation.
This admirably textured thriller rooted in Eastern immigrant-laden Hamburg will prove absorbing to attentive audiences internationally who don't need everything spelled out to them ...
Like the best works of le Carré, it takes you on a sly and acerbic trip, full of both triumph and failure.
Strangely uneven but Philip Seymour Hoffman is a le Carre natural.
It's a professional old-school espionage outing, intricate as clockwork and acted with relish by the ever-watchable Hoffman.
As ever, le Carre subverts the spy genre in a major way.

@highlight

Smart, subtle, and steadily absorbing, A Most Wanted Man proves once again that John le Carre books make for sharp, thoughtful thrillers.