Proof that any movie can get made somehow.
Characters are not developed enough. You don't feel for them. Result being, you end up as mere spectators instead of well-wishers. While the film preaches 'passion' for whatever you do, it is exactly what seems to be missing from it.
Not only does it fail to use 3D, with its rapid edits, but the dramatic stuff is poorly edited and sound mixed as well.
Despite the reasonable dancing scenes and passable acting by singer Chris Brown, Battle Of The Year is a string of clichés, stock characters and unbearable melodrama.
Even when a dance movie is following the formula as closely as Battle of the Year does, occasionally something you won't get to see anywhere else slips through.
Josh Holloway tries his hardest, God bless him, but Battle of the Year 3D can't even be enjoyed as a blissfully dumb entry in its genre.
I didn't think it was possible, but "Battle of the Year" is more pandering than the entire "Step Up" series combined...
Dismal, cliché-ridden stuff.
What could've been a fun '80s throwback ends up more frustrating that it's worth.
Battle of the Year would rather use crowd-shot cutaways to convince you of the dancers' prowess than focusing on the stage.
Like those it imitates, the film includes some energetic dance sequences and formulaic plotting that culminate in the obligatory final competition.
If director Werner Herzog can do it with 'Rescue Dawn' and 'Little Dieter Needs to Fly,' why can't director Benson Lee?
In particular, as mentioned, the dance sequences are a mess, which is the kiss of death for a film in this genre.
Battle of the Year is no Step Up 3D. But then, what is?
Filled with fancy, if frenetic footwork but weighed down by all-too-familiar plot/characters/dialogue.
Athletic dancing and a patriotic theme make this movie better than it should be.
Introduce female choreographer. Explore misogyny for 15 seconds. Become uncomfortable with ideas. Disappear female choreographer.
After months of patient waiting, 2013 has finally produced a movie that's so bad it's good.
Everything else in this pedestrian dance drama is either absurdly corny or just plain moronic, though the feature does win points for being so earnest with its hopeless pile of clichés.
its dramatization of a U.S. dream team's journey to the international showcase is leaden with predictable character types and storytelling clichés, neither of which its well-executed but oddly infrequent dance sequences are able to overcome.
Eschewing shaded characterization and often basic sense, while establishing what should be the high-water mark for most crotch-grabbing in a single film in 2013.
There's not nearly enough quality material to make Battle of the Year recommendable to anyone other than the most hard-core of dance fanatics.
The bar for urban-flavoured dance movies has already been set pretty low, but Battle Of The Year effortlessly leans back and limbos on below it.
The actual dancing scenes are occasionally electrifying, if far too sparse, but other than that and the welcome sight of co-star Chris Brown getting clocked in the face, the film barely gets off the ground, much less sticks the landing.
Passable drama has great dancers but no originality.
A dead-in-the-soul cash grab of a movie set in the competitive world of B-boy dancing that thinks clichés, phony melodrama and product placement can substitute for real storytelling and actual characters.
Battle of the Year clearly features lots of brilliant dancers, and I'd be lying if I said I didn't enjoy watching them move. But you wish there were more dancing here.
Should satisfy the planet of b-boys and girls to whom it thoroughly preaches, while amusing anyone else who simply can't ignore the promise of an all-corn buffet.
The movie's inability to showcase its greatest asset, the grace and control of its dancers, is its most conspicuous failing.
The 3-D is a pain, and the excitable editing, slo-mo and speeded-up action frustrate attempts to watch the athleticism on display ...
This screenplay makes the "Step Up" dance films come off like Shakespeare in comparison. (Full Content Review for Parents also available)
A film steeped in the streetwise hip-hop culture should have an edge, but Battle of the Year is safer and softer than Drake's last album.
The miracle of the new 3-D dance film "Battle of the Year" is how it can be so relentlessly boring while there is so much frenetic activity on screen.
The raison d'être of popping-and-locking scenes is trumped by tired team-building bathos, whose flagrancy is anything but conducive to spreading the film's hug-it-out bro-love.
The story is a derivative quilt, patching together cliches from every sports movie since 1976.
This 3-D spectacle is less the dance movie that's going to make b-boying cool again than a shill for sponsors' gear.
At the risk of sounding 100, I think it's regrettable this film had to be shot in digital 3-D.
A frenetic mess that makes Breakin' 2: Electric Boogaloolook like a Fellini film.
Battle of the Year is too inept to make this tired premise sing.
If you can get past the mountain of cliches and poor acting and hackneyed story lines and the fact that someone let Chris Brown be in a movie, "Battle of the Year" is actually ... still pretty awful.
Fatally frontloaded with endless training montages, awfully written, indifferently acted drama, sports-film platitudes and jaw-dropping product placements that only the hardiest of viewers will make it through to the payoff.
Bland and boring are not the adjectives you hope for from a movie starring Josh Holloway as an alcoholic coaching a team of young breakdancers to the world championship (in 3D!).
Chris Brown gets punched in the face, so it's not a total wash.
so familiar that you half expect Julia Stiles and Channing Tatum to show up and start hoofing
Everything about Benson Lee's predictable dance flick "Battle of the Year" strikes me as old.
Destined to please only bad movie buffs desperate for a fix of awful dialogue, blatant product placement, and clunky exposition.
It isn't good by any stretch of the imagination, but B-movie lovers who like their dance movies flashy, fun, and spectacularly dumb shouldn't mind.
Battle of the Year crams so many clichés into its 109 minutes that you just know it will end with a sports movie freeze-frame. And it does!
It's undeniable that the good-natured "Afterschool Special" vibe here plays to the film's corny strengths, and the dancing is impressive. So much so that it's almost impossible not to cheer during the final round.
Not badly executed, but not the least bit original either.
The dorky, jingoistic charm wins points just for daring to dress the team in red, white and blue Kangols while the judges scream, "Korea strikes back with an aerial assault!"
Remarkably, the highlight of Benson Lee's film, essentially a fiction reboot of his Planet B-Boy, isn't the scene where Chris Brown gets punched in the face.

@highlight

With a hopelessly hokey plot and unintentionally hilarious dialogue, Battle of the Year is flimsy even by the standards of the dance movie genre.