[Kate] Beckinsale doesn't seem very interested in being in the film.
... seems both stripped down in complexity for a new audience as well as cut into a bite-sized chunk to more easily swallow... neither of which is going to draw new fans to the franchise or keep current fans interested.
It really adds nothing to the already dull mythos of the vampires war with the lycans...
As stylish and flashy as the action is this time around, I can still only recommend Underworld: Awakening to diehard fans of the series.
This was a film that was so soulless and so lifeless that it had not made a single bit of impact while it was playing.
if you are looking for an intelligent movie you may need to look elsewhere.
Underworld: Awakening boasts some fun stylized action, and Kate Beckinsale back in that skin-tight outfit, but it also continues the franchise's streak of frustrating mediocrity.
What begins as a promising reset ultimately settles into a too much of a retread, however watchable it may be.
... a blur of generic exposition, random plot twists, vaguely maternal instincts, sloppy CGI animation, and Stephen Rea looking like a waxwork ...
We can never tire of watching Kate Beckinsale prance about in that tight leather outfit I tell ya. Never!
If you just accept this one as a bloody popcorn movie and don't look for much complexity, you'll undoubtedly be happy with it.
Pitiless, puerile, pointless and perfunctory -- and those are just the "P's."
Awakening has the mentality of a straight-to-video sequel, the body of an ADD child and the pulsing veins of a meth addict.
full review at Movies for the Masses
he vampires and werewolves are at it again. No, Twihards, you haven't missed another "Twilight" episode. This is indeed part of a franchise, but a far different, more violent one.
I LIKEanthroped it.
I don't think this was meant to be funny, but I found it pretty darn amusing.
Also missing... most of the so-called Lycans who, their appearance in a few respectable action sequences notwithstanding, are now nearly extinct. So is this franchise.
A sloppy, messy, frankly dumb action/horror hybrid, but at least it moves quickly and delivers the goods.
There's even an Evanescence track to close proceedings, for God's sake.
UNDERWORLD AWAKENING is definitely gory, but someone forgot to also make it scary, exciting, sexy, and/or fun.
It's too soon to name the worst movie of 2012, but this one sets the bar pretty high -- er, low.
A swift, brutal, and thoroughly competent actioner that doesn't balk at a bit of bloodletting. Arriving between parts one and two of Twilight's interminable swan song Breaking Dawn, nothing could be more welcome.
More creature feature than vampire movie, this fourth edition of Underworld tries to emulate the stylistics of Len Wiseman's 2004 original, with Wiseman leading the writing team
Selene's return is a welcome one as far as I'm concerned, and if the Death Dealer feels the need to dole out some more justice a couple of years hence that possibility wouldn't bother me in the least bit whatsoever.
The directors ignore the hokey and increasingly busy mythology of past entries to serve up a nonstop bloodbath: The violence is surprisingly extreme, goofily absurd and gratifyingly coherent.
It's not awful, merely functional and lacking an identity now that the lore of previous entries has been abandoned.
The Underworld series hits a palpable low with this absolutely interminable entry...
'One day,' Kate assures her daughter, 'you, too, will grow up to dress like a restaurant server in San Francisco.'
A typical vampire of the future film, but Beckinsale looks great in leather
Kate Beckinsale looks great and she certainly can "off" werewolves like nobody's business. But, the "Underworld" films are all pretty much alike, lots of action with a throwaway story. "Awakening" is no different. Paul Chambers, CNN.
Twilight: Breaking Dawn - Part 2 is coming out later this year, right? So at least this will only be the 2nd worst vampire vs. werewolf movie of 2012.
Brief but bloody and best enjoyed in zombie mode.
If you liked the earlier Underworld films, or if you haven't seen them but enjoyed the Resident Evil movies, then you'll like this one too.
Once again, Beckinsale brings an impressive physicality and subzero cool to her portrayal of Selene.
Kate Beckinsale's "Selene" remains one-note, but it's a wildly entertaining note.
Hopefully next time the filmmakers will throw enough cash Scott Speedman's way so that they won't have to resort to these cheap tactics to distend their hokey mythology.
The combat quotient, to the movie's credit, is way up, with narrative folderol kept to a minimum.
The reason the Underworld series works is Kate Beckinsale's portrayal of the all black clad, baddass Vampire Selene is just cool. She doesn't whine, moan, or sparkle she just kicks the butt of anyone who screws her over.
No better or worse than the previous entries in the franchise, which have been uniformly awful. It does, however, possess the virtue of brevity.
The most generic entry of the bunch.
There's not much to this movie beyond a slick procession of dark, gleaming violence.
A brisk creature-feature that ditches the series' dreary mythology in favor of a more direct, action-oriented approach.
Beckinsale's Selene is back with a vengeance, that famous black catsuit and two fully cocked pistols, having wisely sat out the wretched third installment of the franchise. Don't expect much more than this.
with Awakening, the vampires-vs-werewolves Underworld franchise has finally decayed beyond the point of repair.
This is pulp horror with a dollop of science fiction... with the cast elevating the material above the gore and CGI effects.
Super-slick; and it is irritating and chaotic and dumb as a box of rocks... All the Kate Beckinsales in all the catsuits in all the world can't face that down.
The carnage occasionally pauses to allow Beckinsale a moment to emote over lost love or seek a fleeting bond with a screen partner, but soon more beasts are on hand, and the soulless slaughter hastily recommences.
Kate Beckinsale is back...and ready to cash her paycheck.
The only thing that manages to outpace Underworld: Awakening's ineptitude is its utter soullessness.
At least they don't sparkle.
The entire production is single-mindedly, earnestly devoted to serving up feats of BADASS, and it succeeds in this devotion to the exclusion of everything else.
Brief but pointless and so incredibly preposterous and ponderous that it feels like an exceptionally weak fan-fiction piece than a professionally-produced screenplay
Surprise! Underworld Awakening is just like all the other Underworld movies, meaning it's a hollow and plodding genre flick full of joyless, poor man's Matrix-lite action sequences.
[The] latest, dreadful entry in the vampires-battling-werewolves franchise.
It's a sequel that compliments parts one and three. If you enjoyed part two, we can't be friends.
Crude, cheap and pointless, this surely drives a stake through the heart of the 'Underworld' franchise.
It's hard to get over the feeling that fans are being cheated with a film designed to extract the admission fee from their wallets whilst offering very little in return.
Not a complete disaster, but also not the vampire / werewolf mash we've always wanted.
Of all the movies whose makers designate them as crap by not screening them in advance for critics, forcing me to go to a multiplex in vampire hours and write a review in a sour overnight stupor, Underworld Awakening is one of the best.
Watching the film is strangely like looking at the same three still frames of supernatural battles over and over for 90 minutes.
Fans will be pleased, although if you've never seen an Underworld film there's probably no reason to start now.
Murky and perpetually bluish in tinge, Underworld: Awakening does and gets little with the 3-D in which it's being offered, and ends by shamelessly setting up a further and fatally unnecessary installment.
It's not awful enough to be considered truly dreadful but it's just shockingly asleep for a movie subtitled "Awakening."
If you came for RealD 3-D throat ripping and gunshots to the head, you might leave somewhat satisfied. More likely, you'll just want Ibuprofen and a refund. (Full Content Parental Review also available)
More aggressively violent and thankfully less mythology-driven than previous installments, Underworld: Awakening is strictly for the converted.
With no Michael Sheen this time around and Charles Dance stepping in for an AWOL Bill Nighy, there's a distinct sense of sloppy seconds to a film that's humourless throughout and, thanks to murky 3D, visually dull to boot.
Beckinsale has never been better, the story and action finally blends together a bit more smoothly, and incorporating humans into the Vampire/Lycan war breathes a new life into the series.
It's great to see Beckinsale back in action, and ... the Underworld series still has life in it.
It may not be great filmmaking, and it won't attract new fans, but those already invested will be able to satiate their bloodlust with the return of Beckinsale's sleek and sexy Selene.
While there's plenty of action, blood and deaths, somehow the storyline, which connected the audience with the characters, got muddled along the way and with a lackluster 3D appearance, the film certainly isn't worth the time or money.
The fanboy-wank-material franchise continues! Kate Beckinsale runs around a... first-person-shooter generic urban landscape... And the blood and brainmatter splatters out at you in 3D! Please to have a cinemagasm!
All things considered, 'Underworld: Awakening' is at least on par with its predecessors. By the fourth go-around, it ought to be striving for more than average.
Yet more vampire vs werewolf battles from the fang franchise that is even more boring than Twilight. Strictly for completists.

@highlight

There's more vapid action and less story in Underworld Awakening than previous installments, making the whole affair feel inconsequential.