Knuckle offers an intimate look at a largely unfamiliar culture that is fascinating even if you have no interest in boxing
A dark, brutal, black hole world of casual physical violence.
An extraordinarily compelling and hard-hitting portrait of two Irish families and their decades-old, bare-knuckled feud.
A time machine of ancient tradition spotlighting bloody and violent bare-knuckle fighting that is as much legend as reality. Fascinating from start to finish.
A deeply unsettling experience.
Shot over 12 years, Ian Palmer's extraordinary documentary tracks the long-running feud between the Joyces and the Quinn McDonaghs.
A compelling and occasionally disturbing documentary shot over the course of 12 years and covering too many conflicts to count.
It's a technically rough but personally moving look at family rivalry.
A hard-hitting documentary in which the men of rival Irish traveler clans periodically beat each other to a pulp to settle a family feud that began for a reason that nobody remembers. Bloody amazing!
Knuckle is an understated but powerful look at a world people know little about, in a way they've never seen before.
As Palmer rightly shows, there's plenty of heart and soul (rough-and-tumble though it may be) beneath the acres of scar tissue on display here.
Palmer's film is brutally compelling to look at, as the lads get down to face-rearranging, but it also carries a lot of tragic historical freight.
While it's frustrating that Mr. Palmer doesn't dig deep into the complexities of the fights, one of the movie's strengths is the honesty with which he confesses his doubts about them.
Though you will wish for more polish and insight, its unruly action is hard to resist.
Knuckle largely skirts exploitation, simply by virtue of showing this conflict perpetuate itself over so many years. Clans like the Quinn McDonaghs and the Joyces seem destined to fight for generations after they've forgotten their rationale.
While the film becomes slightly redundant, the anger and strife its characters cannot overcome is awful, poetic and, frankly, astonishing.
Ambiguity makes Knuckle a fascinating portrait, but a middling cinematic experience.
Knuckle is a documentary about feuding families of Irish Travelers who settle their grudges with bare-knuckle boxing matches, so it's bound to be inherently fascinating, regardless of how well it's assembled.
Knuckle is a curiously riveting work.
Simply showing generations of pasty, fat men pounding each other to a pulp shouldn't be mistaken for an in-depth exploration of Gaelic machismo...
Palmer's grainy, handheld camerawork won't win any aesthetic prizes, but it's in tune with his subject.
A documentary of bareknuckle fights among feuding Irish Traveller clans can't give the participants' self-perpetuating, dead-end rivalry the scope of tragedy.
As a bruising study in masculine temperament and the ways in which cycles of violence can be controlled and mediated -- yet also perpetuated and inflamed -- in a public arena, pic is unavoidably compelling stuff.
"Knuckle" is a candid warts-and-all documentary that touches on a raw nerve of human behavior. The truth hurts.
The fights are raw and scarily real too.
Chock full of larger-than-life characters, it's an enthralling insight into a raw, bloodied world.
Knuckle convinces as a statement against the futility of violence, of how keeping alive the petty anger of a single moment only serves to dominate and ruin the life experiences of the next generation.
Both a celebration of family solidarity and a criticism of the macho aggression, pointless pride and unreasoning partisanship that perpetuate bloody vendettas.
A rambunctious documentary about Irish traveler families and their running feuds resolved through fisticuffs.
This is the slightly daft tale of warring Irish travellers whose feuding is partially ameliorated by bare-knuckle fighting - no biting, head-butting or below the belt punches allowed.
Engaging documentary that showcases some intriguing characters and initially provides some illicit thrills, but the film's lack of structure and background is frustrating and the fight scenes become increasingly difficult to watch.
A black comedy without the comedy.
Knuckle tells you more than you ever wanted to know - in my case, not much - about family feuding and bare-knuckle fighting among Irish travellers.
Palmer, who compiled this material over a decade, admits to his own cumulative discomfort with what he's been shooting, and Knuckle gains power from this unconsidered air of queasiness - you want it to stop.
Knuckle is often like Waiting for Godot, only bloodier.
It's all a little rough and ready, and by its nature rather repetitive, but as a look inside a normally hidden part of an already insular culture, Knuckle packs a genuine punch.
There are times during this bare-knuckle brawlathon that you really fear for the safety of documentarian Ian Palmer.
Testosterone at its most tragic.
Palmer shows real integrity and gets incredible access, but there's only so long you can watch people beating the hell out of each other before wanting to throw in the towel yourself.
Director Ian Palmer has constructed a gripping film that offers no simple criticisms or answers, but superbly records a subculture where violence and honour come knuckle-to-knuckle.
The fighters hit hard, and so does the movie.


@highlight

A gritty documentary that captures the brutality and banality of bare-knuckle fights among Irish Travellers.