There's nothing predictable about the way the romance unfolds.
Liberal Arts seems aggressively cheery, determinedly lacking in negativity, and very affirming in its protagonist's masculine heroism. None of it is a surprise, and as a result, not much of it is very good, either.
Romantic comedies don't set out to change your life, but Liberal Arts does provide an easy and enjoyable study on growing up and finding contentment, whatever your age.
Liberal Arts is a resolutely vanilla-flavored concoction but still pleasant, amiable, and a little more thoughtful than your average rom-com.
Poetic justice Is served in insightful LIBERAL ARTS
An exuberant, heartfelt concoction, the kind of sunny comedy that's good for the soul.
Some of the insights are a bit simplistic but for most of the running time, the film is an enjoyable diversion.
LIBERAL ARTS never manages to turn these great performances and familiar dilemmas into something substantial.
Liberal laughs are guaranteed but memorable it ain't.
A diverting generational three-way dialogue between those barely out of their teens, those in their mid thirties and those well north of fifty.
...an enthralling sophomore effort from an almost excessively promising filmmaker...
A writer/director/star, casting himself as the guy who's irresistible to all sorts of women? Woody Allen's been pulling that trick for about 40 years.
A warm, funny and, one imagines, rather personal film, one that's all about falling in and out of love, not just with people and places but the ideas they can sometimes embody.
"Liberal Arts" develops into a special film, less of a love story and more about the pleasures and dangers of being on both sides of a nurturing student-mentor relationship.
Has a soap opera vibe.
he characters are interesting and, again, I really felt for the guy's dilemma whether to start a relationship with this much, much younger girl or not.
Josh Radnor is an actor who's not content to be just that.
Radnor's problem stems from his casting prowess: Jenkins, Janney and Olsen are all so pleasurably adept in their parts that the film's star suffers by comparison. Jesse needs more than Josh Radnor's glibness.
Liberal Arts is about going back in time in order to move forward. In so many moments Radnor could have taken disturbing and frustrating turns - and yet it's resistance and maturity saved it.
Has the hallmark of slow burning classic, starting deceptively uninvolving but gradually increasing in both interest and dramatic tension, with a tender emotional payoff that ripples across all the main characters
Radnor (How I Met Your Mother) has directed and written an astonishingly good screenplay filled with delectable insights from three different age groups. He is also excellent as the film's protagonist
Learning life's lessons is a bittersweet experience in Josh Radnor's appealing film
An insightful, touching and amusing three-generational study that is anything but sophomoric.
The dialogue and relationships give "Liberal Arts" a warm if shallow glow.
A comedy of vocational anxiety, dealing with the stress of not knowing what you will become, not recognising what you have become, and realising it's all behind you.
For a film about aging and romanticism, "Liberal Arts" feels like it needs a more mature script.
Besides the acting and original screenplay, the classical music score is another favorable component of the crowd-pleasing escapism offered by this film.
... likeable in its unambitious way.
The superb Olsen has the radiance of one of Eric Rohmer's young heroines and delivers a wonderfully naturalistic and unaffected performance.
Worth a close look.
The most intelligent, truthful movie about literature, higher education and the life of the mind since the Curtis Hanson film of Michael Chabon's novel Wonder Boys a dozen years ago.
An unexpected delight, dealing with intergenerational relationships in a funny and unusual way.
"I echo you on Beethoven: wow!" Josh writes to Elizabeth. I paraphrase you on Liberal Arts, sir: yeugh!
The real reward of Liberal Arts is Elizabeth Olsen. With her genuineness and depth, she is the film's defining presence.
Radnor sure has a lot of ideas for his gently diverting romantic comedy, but he hops from one to another without much depth or staying power, leaving you with a big "So what?" at the end.
Liberal Arts maneuvers its story in a philosophical way that is anything but detached. There's a warmth here that reminds audiences why college -- and, dare we say, their core curriculums? -- matter.
Liberal Arts is fundamentally intelligent and perceptive about a world where everything, or nothing, seems to be equally possible and before life as we know it begins in earnest.
I like Liberal Arts. It may be rough and unpolished, but Radnor shows promise as a filmmaker, telling an honest and insightful story that feels extremely authentic.
This is an amiable, literate but prosaic U.S. indie movie.
You'd do well to take the film's advice: read a book instead.
The script's musings on age, and on whether it is a tyranny, an irrelevance or both, form the subtle spine in a movie with a loose, louche, invertebrate-seeming charm.
Breezy and unobjectionable though Radnor's film is, it's a sign of his relative inexperience as a writer that everyone has to wind up telling us what they've learnt.
Despite a misjudged ending, Liberal Arts is a decent, heart-on-the-sleeve movie; it pays its audience the compliment of treating us like intelligent people.
The narrative is also too sluggish but there are moments of charm and humour.
The way it clearly shows how life affects your best laid plans is the real reason why students - and especially those prone to procrastination - should see it.
Radnor's Jesse could come over a little smug...but the emotional complexity of the character fused with his understated performance heads this possibility off at the pass.
As a comedy of manners, 'Liberal Arts' is perfectly likeable.But you might find its talky touchy-feeliness on the smug side.
There's a wonderfully observant tone to this comedy that holds our attention even when the film begins to drift into smugness
Strong writing, great performances (Olsen is the real deal) and a touching, upbeat tale for the big-brained and big-hearted.
Consider this another step on Josh Radnor's ascendancy into filmmaking.
Radnor's script takes some dips toward the cloyingly cute.
The trouble with having so many hyphens appended to one man is that it reduces the number of people around with a little perspective and the nerve to point out that he's fashioned a whole movie around the least interesting person in the story.
An amusing, thoughtful romcom about love, literature and coming of age. Whatever age.
Liberal Arts is a thoroughly enjoyable movie that proves that Radnor has the chops to be a decent filmmaker.
There are some entertaining and moving scenes here, but, overall, it's a bit softhearted for my taste.
What hath Zach Braff wrought?
"Liberal Arts" sticks to the syllabus of a decidedly minor movie, but its humanities faculty is first-rate.
Radnor's annoyingly passive protagonist sports wide-eyed stares of wonderment, as if he got lost somewhere between the upper quad and the campus bookstore. Neither pass nor fail, this project's an 'incomplete.'
Thoughtful romance mulls impact of large age difference.
Liberal Arts is a parfait - a light, enjoyable concoction that goes down easily but doesn't linger.
At once a profound defense of academia for academia's sake and a gentle critique of nostalgia: Live too much in the past (or in a book), and you'll miss out on what's in front of you.
"Liberal Arts" has its bright moments and it's an enjoyable watch, but it probably won't serve up outbursts of laughter or moments of epiphany.
Move the plot ahead. Any plot. In any direction. PLEASE!!!!
Comes tantalizingly close to reaching its potential, but a few ill-advised missteps keep it from passing with honors.
Radnor ... finds both wit and truth in his characters as they face, in their different ways, growing up.
It's talky, but this suits the idea of college as the last bastion of animated and engaging conversation for its own sake.
A chatty, smart comedy you could recommend to your book club.
Despite its potentially formulaic collegiate setting, the helmer captures a full sense of thought and desire in work that's undeniably human.
It's a give-and-take picture, one with faults as well as virtues, but writer-director Josh Radnor makes certain that he leaves his audience with something to think about.
Sometimes you want high culture; sometimes you want trash. Liberal Arts teaches the merits of both in a life lived in the present, appreciative of the past.
It's the kind of film that appeals powerfully to me; to others, maybe not so much.
More bittersweet than you might expect, but those can be the best kind of romantic comedies. And this is one of the better ones.
Heartwarming, perceptive and funny. Elizabeth Olsen sizzles.
Radnor navigates some potentially tricky territory with some decent laughs and heartfelt relationship dynamics.
From a morally dubious dramatic premise, Josh Radnor has not only created a wonderful and gently entertaining movie, he's also given this youth-obsessed world a strong argument for doing the right thing-i.e., acting like a grown-up.
A formulaic indie comedy that's as stale and familiar as the network sitcom that its writer/director currently stars in.
Lovely moments like the classical music discussion, a genuinely moving passion for the written word, and nuanced performances may make you smile mistily about being 19.
Josh Radnor is a nice-looking, button-eyed, completely harmless sitcom personality ("How I Met Your Mother," apparently) who has gotten the impression he's a filmmaker.
...reminds me of a young Albert Brooks movie . Although not as funny as Brooks at his best, this has depth and complexity. Radnor has an appealing presence, with an easy smile and immense likeability.
Josh Radnor's Jesse is not a likable character in any sense, and more than anything you wish he'd just grow up already.
An artful blend of tenderness and sharp, clear-eyed observations. Its characters talk like real people -- who also happen to be smart, appealing and thoughtful.
The harder Mr. Radnor strains to make you love his alter ego, the more resistant you become.
Radnor seems pretty impressed with the version of himself he's playing.
Like a too-ardent admirer who sends unwanted poems, the movie's squishy heart is too much.
"Liberal Arts" is a light and lively comedy of manners about college, literature and a midlife crisis that hits earlier than expected.
The best thing about the film is to be found in two supporting roles which represent Jesse's mentor/proteges in a script stuffed with obvious parallels.
Elizabeth Olsen is beguiling in Liberal Arts, and Josh Radnor has a true filmmaker's eye for detail and atmosphere.
A romantic drama about a relationship based on ideas and ideals between an enthusiastic college student and a 35-year-old college admissions counselor.
The film's trembling sincerity and preciousness betray the debt Radnor still owes to the oeuvre of Zach Braff, another sitcom star turned sad-sack independent auteur.
Full of quippy dialogue, banal observations, paper-thin characters and pat resolutions, Liberal Arts is two deodorant commercials away from being a forgettable new TV sitcom.
Liberal Arts calls to mind more the spirit of an alumni magazine, so bathed in nostalgia for academia that you expect autumn leaves to flutter down to the theater floor.
...sincere without being schmaltzy, evocative without being arrogant and lively without being pretentious - well, without being too pretentious.
Liberal Arts provides a peek into what makes Josh Radnor tick, and what he cares about outside his mainstream-targeted sitcom.
You'll recognize these characters and the wisdom they arrive at, but it's too bad our hero is such a deeply ethical square.
Despite the possible creepiness of the scenario, Radnor plays the scenes between himself and Olsen with restrained intelligence, understanding the ways both characters project their uncertainties and desires onto each other.
Radnor shows incredible growth both as a filmmaker and actor to create an incredibly clever and entertaining film that goes beyond the normal rom-com genre.
Liberal Arts is so sweet and safe an undertaking, it's like getting baptized in warm bathwater.
A lot of fun to watch in its gentle way.
Powerfully and with comic undertones, this movie delivers the message 'You can't go home again.'
The wittiest, most perceptive campus comedy in years.
[VIDEO ESSAY] Writer-director-actor Josh Radnor follows up his debut feature ("Happythankyoumoreplease") with a compact romantic comedy that almost works, but not quite.
Warm hearted and well written, this is a charming coming of middle-age comedy with terrific performances from Radnor and Olsen.
Josh Radnor is adept at creating flawed characters who nevertheless prove sweetly likeable.
Josh Radnor's second foray as a director is a major triumph. Goes to show you that some of the best romances can be about an exchange of emotion and ideas rather than an exchange of fluids.
Liberal Arts shows great growth in Radnor's filmmaking and acting, and is frequently quite charming and genuinely humorous, with great heart.
A coming-of-middle-age comedy running on somewhat less than a full tank.
The film [feels] perilously close to widescreen sitcom.


@highlight

While it's hard not to wish it had a little more bite, Liberal Arts ultimately succeeds as a good-natured -- and surprisingly clever -- look at the addictive pull of nostalgia for our youth.