Overlong yet uplifting
Actress [Claire] Foy brings the same luminous intensity to her portrayal of Diana as she does Queen Elizabeth II in the Netflix series The Crown.
It's a story that is conventional and told in such a simple an well-intentioned way that it almost has a lack of emotion or conflict. [Full Review in Spanish]
It's an eerily skilful performance by Garfield, making it easy to imagine that he really is trying to master the art of speech by regulating his flow of available air.
Robin's story is certainly a tale of near-triumph over adversity, and the director manages to keep cheap sentimentality at bay. In many ways this is a very English story about intestinal fortitude and the stiff upper lip.
Good performances by Andrew Garfield and Claire Foy are not enough to captivate us. [Full Review in Spanish]
Preventing the film from becoming as inspiring as it so clearly wants to be is that [Andy] Serkis seems unable to entirely trust the audience. His habit of underlining the moments of uplift ultimately tips the film into triteness.
Andrew Garfield and Claire Foy's chemistry is what lifts this surprisingly inert period drama.
Breathe is an interesting, if ineffectual biopic.
[Breathe] is worth seeing both for Garfield's and Foy's impressive performances as well as Serkis' delicate and tender direction.
Breathe's unbridled optimism and celebration of life is presented with full conviction and dares you to enter the cinema without a box of tissues.
Garfield employs the limited physical tools he has at his disposal to powerful effect. Foy applies the same poise -- and reined-in emotion -- she exhibited as the young Queen Elizabeth to deal with Diana's extremely challenging situation.
It looks like the much-loved character actor-turned-debut director got all his starry mates to appear too and they're all pretty splendid.
Actor Andy Sirkis proves his directing chops here with a moving account of the creation of the motorised wheelchair... the film offers a solid, surprising holiday treat for those hungry for adult drama.
Ultimately proves heavy on sentiment but light on emotional impact.
Serkis adds a bit too much syrup in the closing stages, but for the most part this is an affecting, purposeful, deftly scripted and beautifully performed drama of the kind that British cinema continues to do so well.
The producer of Breathe, Jonathan Cavendish, is the son of the incredible couple whose story is immortalised in the movie, giving it a weighty, personal connection that transcends some empty exercise in virtue.
... Breathe turns out to be quite charming and frequently delightful.
Though produced by Robin's son Jonathan, it never amounted to a stirring film even if its intentions were noble.
Garfield delivers a strong performance built on eye contact and body language, and it's honestly the strongest aspect of Serkis' debut feature
Andy Serkis's directorial debut is a moving paean to the human spirit and the possibilities of engineering.
Andy Serkis hits it out of the park with Breathe.
While at times heavy-handed, Serkis' first swing at directing is efficient and effective.
Although Garfield and Foy give great performances, Andy Serki's directorial debut get's lost in cliche, sugarcoated biopic land. [Full review in Spanish]
A very touching film that brought tears to the TIFF audience. [Full review in Spanish]
This inspirational biographical drama about Robin Cavendish is a tribute not only to his spirit, but to the remarkable circle of friends and family who helped him live a long and full life, despite the severe limitations 1950s medical care.
Serkis's movie addresses important issues such as disability and euthanasia, but the sentimental storytelling detracts from its power.
...a well-intentioned, well-acted misfire.
Breathe is a simple movie with great aspirations, but is short on execution. [Full Review in Spanish]
... Cavendish not only improved his shape and life expectancy, but also that of many paralyzed patients... that is what Serkis wants to tell, even if he deviates too much in the love story, sweetened to unnecessary limits. [Full review in Spanish]
A poignant 3-hanky look at the impact of a devastating disease.
...one that would have best been served as a documentary...
Although its emotional uplift spills over into sentimentality, a pair of strong performances boost this heartfelt directorial debut.
Serkis decently apes Anthony Minghella's historical-romance aesthetic in the film's early stretches, but can't find a unique angle on this well-trod material, distinguishing himself mostly with questionable stylistic quirks.
While it holds two superb performances from its leads and is a beautifully rendered portrait of the human spirit, it's not without its faults.
... a respectful tribute to the extraordinary life of a couple that can motivate many with their story and strength. But it is also a melodrama... [Full review in Spanish]
Devoid of fully realized characters, Breathe feels like an awards campaign in search of a film.
Inspirational? Yes, absolutely. Genuine? Not so much. Thankfully, Andrew Garfield's and Claire Foy's performances keep the film from descending into 'Hallmark-made-for-TV' territory...
Claire Foy brings tenderness to her character. [Full Review in Spanish]
Serkis is clearly sincere in his love for the story, and he draws exceptional performances from Garfield and Claire Foy, but its tone is upbeat to the point of oddness.
It's about love and loyalty, family and friendship. It also captures that particularly British talent for battling on against near-impossible odds, for not just smiling in the face of adversity but raising a glass of claret to it too.
The opening scenes made me suspect I was about to endure a sickening bout of saccharine British Empire nostalgia. But Andy Serkis' directorial debut is much more substantial than that, telling the moving story of an unlikely pioneer.
Part exuberant love story, part great escape adventure, this is an old-fashioned tale of triumph over adversity that refuses - like its protagonists - to succumb to confinement.
The pleasant tone of the film, which at times seems closer to comedy than drama, has much to do with the work of the protagonists Andrew Garfield and Claire Foy. [Full review in Spanish]
Characters burst with personality, and the events unfold with some unexpected complications that make the movie strikingly edgy.
Produced by Robin and Diana's son, Jonathan Cavendish, the film is affectionate and optimistic.
Breathe is moving, informative and gently funny.
Whenever things take a turn for the surreal, as opposed to the sentimental, Breathe expands.
One packet of tissues might not be sufficient. A bucket could be more in order.
The directorial debut of actor Andy Serkis is an unabashed tearjerker, wringing every last drop of emotion from an inspirational true story.
Breathe is an obvious passion project for producer Jonathan Cavendish. It's an inspirational story told with touching sincerity.
... the biopic's most compelling story is about the way paralysis was treated up until the 1970s and '80s.
My bet is that by the end, no matter how much you try to constrict your chest, emotions will burst out.
Under the confident, compassionate direction of Andy Serkis, the biopic of disability rights advocate Robin Cavendish (Andrew Garfield) blossoms into a rousing survival story.
Though the film conforms a little too neatly to the inspirational biopic movie tropes, Serkis contrives a few scenes of almost sci-fi like horror that occasionally break Cavendish's story out of the film's own stiff-upper-lipped conventions.
This life-affirming biopic is first and foremost a love story, powered by the award-worthy performances of Andrew Garfield and Claire Foy.
Claire Foy's study of grief and stoicism as Diana deserves the lion's share of the kudos.
The start of an exciting new chapter in the career of Andy Serkis.
We are awed by the tale; less by its telling.
Sober drama about a young man paralyzed with polio who discovers a new mission in his life.
Glibly superficial, it's Inspirational, yet flawed, lacking the compelling depth of Stephen Hawking's saga "The Theory of Everything."
A warm, often witty story that showcases Serkis' grasp of character. Sparkling performances - particularly from Garfield and Foy - make it impossible not to be moved.
I had trouble caring about almost anything that was transpiring, not exactly the outcome I expected before sitting down to give this film a look.
While Serkis' debut is filled with faults that an experienced hand might not hand succumbed to, there is no denying his passion for Cavendish's story and his ability to bring forth great performances from his leads.
While this story is definitely one worth telling, what really lingers are the times when the tearful speeches fade out, and a looser, woolier film peeks through.
"Breathe" avoids falling into the trap of either being an "issue" film or a manipulative tearjerker about a hero with a fatal disease. Instead, much like Diana, the film is determined to put a brave face on Robin's situation and emphasize the positive.
Although "Breathe" springs a few maudlin leaks, especially in the end, Serkis' direction is mostly solid, especially for a first-timer.
Theirs is a remarkable tale of commitment, passion, and service, with Serkis proving he's more than capable of doing it the appropriate justice.
First-time director Andy Serkis and screenwriter William Nicholson fail to tell a proper narrative, instead relying on disability alone to be the story.
Altogether, Breathe is a difficult movie to peg, flawed enough to merit serious criticism, but redeeming enough to consider.
"Breathe" is a pretty, semi-inspirational story about true love and overcoming whatever obstacle that is put in their path, but there is a better movie buried in there.
Breathe might have benefited from a little less burnish and a lot more soul searching.
It's a great story, but the fictional biopic Breathe is the most typical kind of slick Oscar bait.
We never see a single moment of strife within the Cavendish home, the family and their circle's upper lips so stiff they could serve tea on them.
As played by the superb Andrew Garfield, Robin manages to keep the chip-chip-and-cheerio outlook that almost brightens the film as much as the celebrated Ralph Richardson's glamorous cinematography.
Love conquers all in Breathe, a warm and uplifting true story from motion capture legend Andy Serkis.
Cast makes this Brit disease of the week movie work. They are churning them out.
...heavy-handed weather symbolism is emblematic of the first-choice, go-with-the-obvious filmmaking that makes Breathe a chore to sit through.
For his directorial debut, Andy Serkis eschews sleek motion-capture technology to focus on an old-fashioned (albeit safe) love story.
Barely recommend this one. Inspiring story. A terrific performance from Claire Foy but this one falls flat when wrapping up the man's life.
Breathe wants to be liked. What it doesn't do is genuinely engage or surprise, offering neat conclusions and platitudes where a little grit would raise its game.
A stubborn strain of unsentimental, even sarcastic, humor.
Garfield and Foy do standout jobs of bringing honesty and realism to their roles, but "Breathe" often suffers from sucking in too much air.
The movie is rather warmhearted and sentimental, which is no surprise, since Cavendish's son, Jonathan, was one of the producers.
The story of Robin, while inspiration, is riddled with anguish and misery. Garfield explores those feelings with nothing else but facial expressions and welled up tear ducts. An impressive outing for the talented actor.
Very much a love story, not just between Diana and Robin but between a son and his parents.
Breathe has moments of emotional resonance but the overall experience feels flat and familiar.
This is a film that rises above the doldrums. It inspires in the best way, in large part because it's based on a true story.
Serkis doesn't present it with the kind of phony sentimentality that one might expect from the phrase 'inspirational story.'
It's a lovely romantic story, no question, but one suspects there was more depth and even darkness than we're given in this telling.
Serkis delivers more than the usual struggling-through-adversity drama. With Breathe, he has given us a romance that isn't reliant on first glances and big moments, but on the daily care and tenderness that bolster an enduring passion.
Thirty minutes in, we're pretty sure we know how the movie is going to turn out - even if we're unfamiliar with Robin's remarkable journey and his lasting impact. That doesn't mean Breathe isn't worth seeing.
If its subject were around to see this film, would he appreciate the tender care that his son obviously took in making it? Or might he be annoyed to have so little attention paid to what he himself was thinking?
Sadly, "Breathe" runs out of air long before the final credits.
"Breathe" is obvious Oscar bait, but its engaging story and appealing cast make that agenda easy to excuse.
A sappy tearjerker, so shameless in its employment of manipulative clichés that at times it seems almost a parody of the genre.
It's a rather hunky-dory, dainty depiction of what can't have been an easy situation.
Too much of this based-on-truth drama relies on sentiment, manipulation, a bruising soundtrack, and lax storytelling.
The sentiment may run high in spots. But it also feels undeniably heartfelt and warm, with a particularly engaging turn by Andrew Garfield as Robin.
In the end, it really does seem these people were worth a movie, but that the movie is giving us only part of the story.
Given the limitations of his role, I can't praise Andrew Garfield enough.
While it's a given that [Andy] Serkis can wrangle the digital side, it bodes well for his upcoming Jungle Book that he can prioritize the internal on occasion.
Andrew Garfield gives his most spirited, expansive performance to date.
This figgy pudding of a film mostly won me over.
A fine directorial debut from Serkis, but far from a memorable one.
It's a plenty good story to tell, but even by the time the respirator takes its last gasp, I was ultimately unmoved.
The Wages of Fear of polio survival movies. It really is two hours of all the things that could kill someone who needs to live on a respirator.
Andy Serkis directs a brilliant Andrew Garfield in a flawed but moving take on the true story of Robin Cavendish, who defied polio to make a better life for himself and others like him.
Feel-good romance tackles serious themes, disability rights.
Turn after turn the film is unabashedly old school, with gold hue flashbacks and vignettes that lionize Robin more than they advance the plot.
it would be very easy to slide into a maudlin depiction of a life confined to a bed or wheelchair. But Garfield goes for the gusto and we hang on for the ride.
"Breathe" is a beautifully told story, anchored by two exceptional performances.
A tame, vanilla whimper of a period drama begging for a better treatment in more assured hands.
It is an utterly charming experience.
A period art-house romance that's drunk on sentimentality and sun-touched panoramas of the countryside ...
William Nicholson's script is a stiff-upper-lip ode with spice notes of plucky humor, but lacking a messy intelligence.
This exceptional life ... is smothered by a cloying fairy tale romance that turns every challenge the couple faces into a lark.
Breathe's story is undeniably a powerful one, and it's a story we'd perhaps all be better off knowing, but as a film this doesn't really leap off the screen.
A romance and a real-life adventure, full of life-and-death peril and unexpected cheerful good humor, about a pioneer in disability rights and dignity.
Cavendish has crafted a nice-looking, warm-spirited tribute to his father, but he has not exactly made a movie.
It's a shame that everything that Breathe does so well is cast aside by a sensationalized ending. The film runs 91 minutes; my advice is that you leave the theater about 85 minutes into it. You'll enjoy the film more.
Breathe is at heart a wholesomely pretty prestige picture, not wont to truly sting or provoke.
Andrew Garfield and Claire Foy give two of the best performances of the year in director Andy Serkis' moving true story of polio victim Robin Cavendish.
The film is an easily digestible replica of the truth, bathed in honeyed cinematography and sentimentalized adulation.
The problem with Serkis' film is that it is too long and at times too dull, and the moments where Serkis is so desperate to make the audience cry are so obvious that instead of reaching for the tissues you roll your eyes.
It's a whopper of a performance from Garfield, and one that moves deftly through gradations of acceptance and hidden agonies.
It is a shame that the film isn't quite as innovative as the people it is portraying...
Most of the plaudits belong to Claire Foy, who brings a finely-judged mix of concern, compassion and bloody-minded determination to the role of Diana.
A punishingly twee instructional biopic, in which a testing human life is boiled down into the screen equivalent of a non-prescription pick-me-up.
... there's an energy and optimism here which belie the grim subject matter and [director Andy] Serkis knows just how to tweak our heart strings when it comes to the final reel.
Breathe may hold glimmers of potential, but its preoccupation with timelines and triumphs rather than the disabled subject's individual consciousness is too black a mark to ignore.
When the tearjerker moments come, Serkis is smart enough to let the movie pause and play those emotional heartstrings. That's when Garfield and Foy's impressive talents take over and, for many viewers, that's all they'll need.
It's classic Sunday afternoon matinee fare, replete with a worthy, Oscar-baiting central performance and a life-affirming, decade-spanning narrative.
A deeply human story, beautifully shot as an epic.
An affecting account of the quiet courage needed to battle the deadly spores of discrimination and condescension that came with polio.
If you somehow make it through the last 20-30 minutes of this film without shedding a tear, you might want to check your pulse because you might be dead inside.
Serkis achieves a careful balance with a film that tastefully covers some delicate territory.
There's a hint of comforting, chocolate-box, Sunday-night TV here, but it's delivered via such quietly powerful performances and with such hope that it's hard to resist.
It just doesn't gel, and it badly needs to.
The film is an incredibly sweet affair, and although it's almost drowning in pleasantries to the point that it lacks much drama, Serkis does an admirable job behind the camera.
An unashamed tearjerker that seems determined to ensure that even the stiffest upper lip will wobble. Cynics should consider themselves warned.
A mainstream endeavour that is both uncynical and well-intentioned, so there's no issues here with its distinct accessibility.
[Andy] Serkis' movie inhabits that jovial mood throughout, squeezing its narrative with such a life-affirming embrace that it's almost afraid to let the darkness in.
Breathe might be a little too slick and shiny, but its pleasures are real.
The performances and the inherent power of the true story keep it from being a complete disaster, but one hopes Serkis moves on to more challenging material with his follow-up.
The film's dogged tendency to look on the bright side is underlined by a score by Nitin Sawhney that tinkles like forced laughter at a cocktail party.
Its noble intentions [are] hobbled by a trite script, flat characters and a relentlessly saccharine tone that eventually starts to grate.
Keeps its eyes moist and its upper lip stiff to the last - but its sweeping inspirational gestures rarely reach all the way to the heart.

@highlight

Strong performances from Breathe 's well-matched leads help add an edge to a biopic that takes a decidedly heartwarming approach to its real-life story.