This would have worked better as a play, probably, because the setting is so sparse, the performances so compact, and the dialogue so forceful.
A pitch-black comedy packed with equal measures of awkward irony and brittle tragedy.
The script blatantly needed more work, and the direction is clumsy. Unable to slot into a comedic or dramatic groove, the film skips between the two uncomfortably; it's not an example of balanced tone ... Who could've thought 71 minutes could be so long?
Adding up to not very much and looking very pale in an age of two-hour-plus, actually cinematic blockbusters, this also throws in a series of easily guessable twists that prove more annoying than gleefully blackly comic.
Potter handles the competing sub-plots like an experienced emergency surgeon in a disaster zone, exploring themes including rationality versus irrationality and the sickness lurking within apparently healthy relationships.
With so little going right for The Party, it is hard to narrow down why so much is going wrong in spite of the obvious talent involved before and behind the cameras.
It's short, sharp and anything but sweet - this delectable comedy of errors whose top drawer ensemble cast thrives on cutting dialogue and revelations that sees lives unravel like a ball of wool in the hands of a playful kitten.
We're in great company and the story's physical confines don't restrict its range or ambitions. As well as dissecting a 30-year marriage, Potter's script takes in the state of Britain today.
Chic and amusing and ultimately shocking.
As an exercise in mood, the efficiently edited Party serves as a showcase for the general powerful acting, yet, the film's heart is Clarkson with her mordant observations and sarcastic postures.
It could and probably should have been longer, and the ending feels like the punchline to a sketch-but it is a corker.
The Party is the kind of event you wouldn't want to attend, or in this case, watch. It's a shame to see so many first-rate actors stuck in an assortment of unlikable roles.
But, worse, the movie never transcends its own artifice to give us something more meaningful to ponder. It's content to be a bright, shiny bauble.
Potter's screenplay releases one bombshell revelation after another into the group like hand grenades rolling across the carpet.
"The Party" is a bit like an abbreviated "Who's Afraid of Virginia Wolf." The dialogue is sharp, the acting is top notch and the plots twists and turns like a Rube Goldberg machine.
The Party does Who's Afraid of Virginia Woolf? one better.
Potter lets her talented cast cut loose in this chamber affair where wine and whining (in equal measure) spotlights every single microscopic fissure in the delicate façade these characters believe they have constructed.
Cramped and predictable and far less clever than it thinks, The Party feels like it was based on a play that I would also dislike, rather than an original screenplay by Potter.
[Potter] has fashioned a smart, nasty parlor piece that skewers the hypocrisies of its characters' liberal mores. Stagey, to be sure - but theatrically delightful.
There are moments, mostly in the latter half, when the ensemble works well together and Thomas, especially, gets to shine as her world falls apart. But these elements aren't enough to justify attending this "Party."
The Party remains fast, brittle and more than a bit mean...Anchored by Scott Thomas's portrayal of cool competence and boosted by Clarkson's magnificently crisp zingers, the ensemble cast is tight and terrific.
The Party can be terribly clever at times.
[Director Sall]Potter, who also directed "Tango Lesson," "Orlando," and "Ginger and Rosa," puts so much into the excellence of "The Party" that it's hard to tease apart.
Gorgeous black and white photography and a few great zingers aren't enough to recommend this toxic Party.
A nasty little gem.
Potter's comic dissection of the London intelligentsia's personal and political angst is completely of the moment.
With a cast like this, "The Party" should have been a delicious romp. Instead, it's over before it gets started.
Clarkson deftly delivers her character's withering lines and Spall convincingly dangles at the end of his character's rope, but The Party passes without arriving at a consequential destination.
Potter clearly takes inspiration from theatre, but The Party is specifically cinematic...it works on film because though these characters are three-dimensional, the precision with which Potter points out hypocrisies means we're already in satire.
It's not entirely satisfying but Potter delivers a darkly delicious comedy of manners.
It captures the terror of rugs being pulled out from underneath literally everyone. Fortunately, Potter wants us to laugh at that moment of free-fall instead of choking on the panic of a world going mad.
But the actors couldn't be better, and the crisp black-and-white cinematography gives the movie a high-toned sheen that elevates what's essentially a broad drawing-room farce.
Potter whips her splendid cast through a sophisticated dinner soiree, knocking down one worldly character after another with exposures of their personal failings.
It's worth attending this party if only for Scott Thomas, who's never less than electric. Somebody needs to put Janet and her quivering energy at the center of a superhero movie; I'd watch.
A wicked little wrestling match of wits that's darkly hilarious and expertly timed.
You'll want to stay on your toes, but this Party invite is not one you'll want to decline.
The Party's wackier moments are underscored by deft social commentary about class structure and systems that comes off as naturally and breezily as conversations about babies and music. It may appear slight, but it'll stay with you.
It's a tidy 70 minutes, and for extra artiness, it's handsomely shot in black and white. If you like these sorts of dramatic exercises, you could do worse than watching this talented crew sling barbs at each other.
Films this trenchant (and mercifully short) don't come along every day.
As close as Potter takes us to melodramatic detonations ... The Party never feels less than uncomfortably real.
[Director Sally] Potter has hit a more crowd-friendly jackpot with The Party, not just because of her top-drawer cast, but writing witty, fast-paced dialogue to be spat out by unlikeable and yet intoxicating characters...
Mordantly funny and mercifully brief. It's a pleasure to watch these performers ping-ponging off one another.
All this black and blue is delivered in glorious black and white by a septet of splendid actors spewing deliciously venomous discourse rendering you dazzlingly dizzied.
The Party is a brisk, black-and-white, worst-possible-case dinner party scenario overflowing with good actors and bad vibes. It resembles a minor-league distillation of Edward Albee and Woody Allen, but at least there are those performers to look at
Like a soap bubble, writer-director Sally Potter's arch sendup of the English intelligentsia (plus the odd coked-up banker) is brief, diverting, and laden with impending doom from its very first moments.
Once the gears of Potter's melodramatic plot start into motion ... it becomes little more than an over-the-top soap opera...
Thrives on the terrifying splendor of the darkest reaches of the characters' hearts... Champagne and red wine and name-calling and backbiting and multiple bombshells and a conspicuous Chekhov-worthy gun move toward pleasing farcical complication
The Party never drags, instead reveling in a strong cast that's well-directed. Sometimes the greatest pleasures are the simplest.
Wicked fun and a provocative look at what feels like modern human foibles.
Potter's script is deft, breezing along quickly. The comedy is low-key and of a more intellectual than physical variety.
Compactly edited, "The Party" isn't the worst way to spend 71 minutes of viewing time.
Feeling like it was ripped off the stage, the film features performances that range from natural to ludicrous and developments that, save for the satisfying final twist, become increasingly absurd. But the end doesn't quite justify the means.
Though none of the sting penetrates very deep, it has a degree of punch, especially when the barbed lines are delivered by a cast that savors their every syllable.
Although the characters tend to fit too tidily into types... the performances add dimension that deepens the mounting mysteries. The revelations start to trickle out, pouring forth to the point of deluge.
A deliciously bitchy black comedy.
[Patricia Clarkson] has seldom been in a vehicle so witty and cerebral as Sally Potter's drawing-room comedy.
No matter how juicy the banter, the strings are always showing.
Potter has assembled all the makings of an acid-bath of a social satire but somehow avoids the killing blow.
It's not always as bleakly funny as you want it to be, but it's certainly brave, given the audience likely to be watching it.
It's not memorable, but it's short-lasting fun.
A cross between Death at a Funeral and a Mike Leigh/Woody Allen-style domestic drama, Potter's twisty-turny narrative never feels forced if, at times, it strains credibility by how action-packed one soiree can be.
Shot in a glossy, appealing black-and-white and filmed in a single location, The Party generates a pressure cooker atmosphere.
Sally Potter's jolly, short little stab of a chamber piece black comedy isn't as smart a political commentary as it wants to be, but it's great fun nonetheless.
Potter's cast never overstays its welcome, giving us plenty to think - and talk - about, and in a scant 71 minutes.
Screamingly funny and scathingly intelligent, it's a cat-and-mouse game without the cat, and a perfect iteration of Sartre's contention that Hell is other people.
Excessively theatrical, with characters who are not only clichés with legs but who devote themselves to exercising eccentricity and petulance to the point of exhaustion... [Full review in Spanish]
Fortunately, [director Sally Potter] has a veteran cast. [Full review in Spanish]
Magnificent work. [Full Review in Spanish]
In just over 70 minutes, writer/director Sally Potter establishes a situation, introduces 8 characters, then, with one sentence, changes everything...like "Who's Afraid of Virginia Woolf?" times two.
Potter's movie may be too small to leave a substantial legacy. But you can't take your eyes off it as ace actors, led by a deliciously acerbic Patricia Clarkson, serve up hilarious verbal fireworks that knock the wind out of you.
It is a tour-de-force example of a character-driven movie with masterful writing. The dialogue is whip smart with barbs flying fast and furious.
How refreshing to see a feature-length film in only an hour and eleven minutes --- less than the average blockbuster and more entertaining.
The strong ensemble cast occasionally enlivens this muddled satire, which neither provides enough big laughs nor stirs up sufficient outrage.
As the credits rolled, I felt cheated, robbed of a climax that suited this sophisticated and deliciously dark comedy.
It's easier to respect a filmmaker's sense of hopelessness when it's mixed with this much affection.
This playlike dramedy is sharp and good-looking (in black and white), but it's also shrill and aggressive, hurling nasty, witty barbs at the speed of suffering; it's smart without being thoughtful.
You simply wish there were more of this. It's not something that comes around every day. Shot in evocative black and white, The Party resurrects a classic screwball form.
Sally Potter's brutally snappy take on the classic British drawing-room comedy hauls it into the 21st century with a cutting takedown of the anxieties and hypocrisies of well-off left-wingers.
A beautifully conceived and executed chamber comedy/drama with tragedy at its core.
Janet and her bickering guests come across as cartoon bourgeois, thinly-drawn and wooden in their line delivery like dummies of a ventriloquist bent on caricaturing a privileged elite ...
Demonstrates what can happen when a filmmaker takes on a well-worn cinematic subgenre - the dinner party gone horribly wrong - and strips it down to its blistering bare-bones essence.
Savagely funny.
A 71-minute black-and-white movie that mostly comes off like a futile filmmaking exercise in how to move bodies inside a (largely) confined space.
Potter's screenplay keeps throwing new twists at her characters throughout the film, each more pointed and darkly comedic than the last.
[Sally] Potter isn't what you'd call subtle, but she also knows not to overstay her welcome, and this pithy comedy is a masterclass in all that a filmmaker can squeeze from the most basic theatrical concept.
While it is wickedly funny and deft, this crowd is also not one you'd clamor for the company of for any extended amount of time. But, it is a fun experiment to be a fly on the wall for this bizarre night.
Undeniably fast and wickedly witty.
It captures the qualities of live theater that are rarely transmitted to film, of being immediate, alive, and spontaneous, as if the viewer is just a stone's throw away from the characters.
Acid and irreverent satire on post-Brexit British society. [Full review in Spanish]
You can't be blamed if you want to leave this party early.
...intermittently very funny...
Clocking in at just 71 minutes, The Party packs in more laughs, satire and poignancy than most films could dream, turning its tragicomedy into a roaring success.
Always lucid and intelligent. [Full Review in Spanish]
Featuring a veteran cast in top form and running just 71 minutes, this post-Brexit chamberpiece hits like a fast jab to the face--one that bruises and draws blood.
The cast spar splendidly, with Patricia Clarkson on spectacularly withering form.
... The Party is a highly entertaining and sharp piece of theatrical cinema, which will engage audiences from start to finish.
The Party relies not on gimmicks or CGI, but simple, clever narrative structures, witty dialogue and a cast of impenetrable actors. It's a true triumph.
The Party is a very funny film, and a great deal of that comes from Clarkson.
The Party is whip-smart satire at its very best.
This is a comedy that bites because it is utterly and urgently of our moment.
Patricia Clarkson shines particularly brightly as Janet's splendidly withering best friend.
I found it largely arid and a waste of its impressive cast (including Kristin Scott Thomas, Timothy Spall, Bruno Ganz and Patricia Clarkson). Its situations are laboured and much of its dialogue is unwieldy.
An impressively lean affair, shot in a single location with few frills and no fuss - just an A-list cast at the top of their game.
Sally Potter's film combines the old-fashioned charm of theatrical drawing room comedy with the biting wit of a modern social satire.
Impeccably played by a great cast...
Even with Aleksei Rodionov's handsome monochrome cinematography, this is still just a bad, bad play. Let's not get this party started.
Shot in black and white and full of pithy moments, Potter's film purrs like a Rolls Royce engine and ends with a wonderful joke.
Shot in black and white, The Party feels highly theatrical and mannered but it is also gleefully funny and performed with relish by a starry cast.
A claret catastrophe of upper middle class navel gazing and hackneyed barbs.
There are scenes where Scott Thomas plays several competing emotions simultaneously, often through grimaces alone, but with masterful aplomb. What do we want? More Scott Thomas comedies! Now!
Beneath all the barbed comments, cutting put-downs and feverish revelations it does expose how quickly old certainties and decades of partnership can be upended when matters of the heart get out of control.
At times, The Party becomes a little glib... This, though, is lively and invigorating filmmaking with an energy that belies its own pessimism.
I can't tell you what it adds up to exactly, but it's fun getting there, wherever that is.
A 71-minute piece of fun with flickers of seriousness.
Patricia Clarkson steals the show, but everyone in Potter's gifted cast gets their moment to shine in a sharp-edged, claustrophobic parlour piece that puts the boot into middle-class mores.
This pitch-perfect farce functions as a state-of-the-nation comedy.
A spiky script that skewers the contemporary liberal elite is clearly relished by the splendid cast.
It's openly theatrical, but if it feels like a film of a play, it's a play you really should see.
Enjoyably acted by a fine ensemble cast, it crisply skewers the hypocrisies of its left-liberal, middle-class characters.
Neither the film's premise nor its gags are particularly novel, but it avoids conventionality through its distinctive style and impressive ensemble cast.
Few films do exactly what they need to in the exact right amount of time like The Party.
The Party eviscerates a political class that has lost its way. It's like nothing so much as a really great Simon Gray play from beyond the grave.
It has a vigorous sense of entertainment value and a cast relishing every moment.
There is an energy to "The Party," and a kind of rejuvenating bouncy glee that we haven't seen from Sally Potter in a long time.
A wickedly fast-paced, endearingly transient comedy that, while unashamedly overstated, is grounded by its connections to modern British politics - making it all rather apt for this picture to thrive in its farcicality.
Potter is making her first brave and for the most part very successful foray into a kind of dark satirical farce.
Unassuming and old-fashioned funny entertainment isn't exactly what we associate with this film-maker, but that's what she has very satisfyingly served up here.
The most enjoyable film yet from a director whose conceptual seriousness has often seemed daunting.
Over 71 crisp minutes of fast-paced verbal combat, Potter tests the age-old theory that it's all fun and games until somebody gets knocked unconscious.
A deliciously heightened, caviar-black comedy that sets up its brittle, bourgeois characters like bowling pins and gleefully knocks them down in 71 minutes flat.
A curt, nasty and deftly acted chamber piece high on laughs and savagery.

@highlight

Old-fashioned charm meets sharp wit and modern social satire in The Party , a biting comedy carried by a shining performance from Patricia Clarkson.