...yet another ineffective endeavor from a curiously incompetent filmmaker...
"The Son of No One" is terrible, which is really a shame, because it's clearly so heartfelt and sincere.
The sort of movie Channing Tatum made BEFORE "Magic Mike" and "Jump Street."
A film disaster with more loose ends than granny's wig.
Montiel constantly over-directs and over-edits, underlining certain points that have already been made clear. It's gritty and moody, but with little dramatic effect.
The Son of No One makes me feel like a teacher whose student has very obviously plagiarized their final paper of the semester.
a high pitched melodrama
Muddled cop thriller The Son of No One has a top-drawer cast and a bottom-drawer script.
A complex, unpredictable and exhilarating crime thriller that's just as suspenseful and captivating as The Departed.
It's messy when it needs to be engaging; choppy when it needs to draw us in.
Feature as a whole feels fogged, attempting to communicate a persistence of shame in the most scattered, accommodating manner imaginable. In other words, it's a typical Dito Montiel motion picture.
A dreary, pointless, stylistically blowsy film...rendered all but unintelligible by Montiel's messy technique and chaotic narrative choices.
Montiel does a skilful job intertwining the past and present action but the plot always feels thin and the characters underdeveloped.
Life is a struggle, the new film "The Son of No One" makes that explicitly clear. But so is moviemaking, and unfortunately the toil is all too evident in writer-director Dito Montiel's messy, logic-strained third feature.
It just feels like a mess.
A laughable police melodrama.
The flashbacks to [Channing] Tatum's late '80s childhood are embarrassingly overwrought -- including some of the worst acting of [Al] Pacino's career.
"The Son of No One" self-destructs in a ludicrous, ineptly directed anticlimactic rooftop showdown in which bodies pile up, and nothing makes a shred of sense.
Something is lacking in the dramatic equation.
This heavy-handed muddle of a cop thriller is just impossibly bad.
It all feels convenient and obvious, as do such casting decisions as hiring Liotta to play his millionth cop role and Pacino to play his billionth mobster.
Cop corruption exposé attempts to be hard-hitting, but is obvious and wholly unconvincing.
There's a real flavor to the subway-platform offices, cramped projects and rooftop sanctuaries captured here. Montiel does a fine job of protecting, and serving, this specific city hood.
It's as if Montiel, who also wrote the script, came up with a cool idea and then had no idea how to spin it out into an even minimally plausible story.
Apparently nobody in The Son of No One has heard of self-defense and accidents.
A few individual performances survive-Liotta finds a little of his old edge, and Pacino briefly revisits Serpico territory-but they're smothered in the slow-burning absurdity.
Here's a bad movie with hardly a bad scene. How can that be? The construction doesn't flow. The story doesn't engage.
The more that secret comes out, the more incoherent (and ludicrous) the film gets.
You can see why actors want to work with Montiel, but actors are notoriously bad judges of whether good scenes will ever add up to a worthwhile movie, which is exactly the problem here.
The Son of No One is so heavy and depressing it just becomes a slog.
Montiel cares little about plot logic or even the remotest connection with reality... but, as in the director's previous work, some terrific acting emerges from the absurd script.
Tatum mainly sits around looking like a pitiable bump on a log while Ray Liotta, as a corrupt superior, makes his patented Intensaface.
If you've got genuine New York gum stuck to the bottom of your shoe, chances are Dito Montiel wants to shoot it.
Any hopes that three movies may have improved Dito Montiel as a filmmaker probably should have been left at the door of the Eccles Theater.
Performances are strong across the board, and the movie offers a solid sense of place. But the mysteries, once explained, don't make a lot of sense.
An utter mess.
Almost a great film, SON OF NO ONE is ruined by some truly boneheaded editorial tricks during the conclusion.

@highlight

Needless stylistic flourishes and wholly illogical storytelling make The Son of No One a grisly, repugnant journey.