It's a testament to "Elah's" stoicism that the heartbreak at how dishonesty undoes decades of dignity pierces without ever patronizing. It's an unforgettable, angry film that understands several simple thank-yous can trump eruptive, emotive speeches.
Condescending liberal dreck like In the Valley of Elah is just as awful as a thousand Fox-News commentators
In the Valley of Elah is a powerful, emotional indictment of what contemporary war can do to young men. It is a potent moral tale. This is not your father's war.
Jones's performance is quiet, intense, and stunning.
Un drama detectivesco conmovedor que termina siendo un alegato contra la guerra más contundente que cualquier discurso pacifista.
Regardless of which side of the political fence one sits on, 'In the Valley of Elah''s power can't be denied and the strong acting must be appreciated.
It's a quality film, but all the truly emotional moments come from watching and listening to the soldiers, which doesn't really happen until the very end.
It is extraordinary that a film this muted could resonate with a message this strong.
This is a beautiful film hiding the terrible truth that is the horror of war.
[Jones] makes the father's pride, determination, stubbornness, patriotism, and love extremely, utterly believable, sympathetic, and involving.
Will hopefully be appreciated years from now when the Iraq war is looked upon by many as a war that revealed to its citizens what America has truly become...
It's Tommy Lee Jones' film: he produces a stiff ex-soldier whose clipped speech and manner hide a seething mass of apprehension and guilt.
...a good mystery, with some thought-provoking observations on the effects of war on the hearts and minds of its participants.
Where Lions For Lambs stumbled, Haggis' latest succeeds in putting dramatic form to the disquiet over US policy. Tommy Lee Jones' performance, meanwhile, is impressive enough to make him a decent bet in this year's Oscar race.
A sombre condemnation of US foreign policy, wrapped in an absorbing whodunit.
Jones' Oscar-nominated performance is impeccably judged. His low-key turn as a man forced to question everything from the kind of father he was to the nature of the country he fought for could be the contender to give Daniel Day-Lewis a run for his money.
A powerful, imperfect drama let down by the playground polemic of a country still sending its children to be slaughtered overseas.
Powerful, downbeat drama with an anti-war message.
Tense, powerful and considerably less crass than Crash, Elah may be jammed with ideas that don't all connect, but Jones' devastating performance makes this a compassionate and very human look at the Iraq conflict.
While you sometimes feel its length, stick with it--its in its layers that the movie comes alive.
Uma obra que se propõe a discutir vários temas relevantes, fazendo-o com certa eficácia.
It would be a crime if Jones doesn't receive a Best Actor Oscar nomination, and Sarandon's reaction upon hearing the news of Mike's death should get her an automatic Best Supporting Actress win.
Has numerous levels that go far beyond a whodunit, asking us to look at familial ties, gender roles and relations, and the interactions of military and civilian worlds.
Haggis draws sensitive performances from his cast while asking provocative, important questions.
Excellent turns cannot make this plodding package any more of a bludgeoning chore to sit through.
It's harder to tell if In the Valley of Elah is critical of the war in Iraq or what America itself has become.
Despite an Oscar-worthy, compelling performance by Tommy Lee Jones, Haggis' anti-war film ... overplays its hand.
Haggis' canvas leaves nary an impression on the heart or mind.
... essential viewing.
After the potent final image of In the Valley of Elah faded to black, I had that very special tingle I get when I know I've just seen a great movie.
...what saves it from ponderousness is the fine acting...
A well-made issue movie; but a little too dense and structured
features some fine acting and a touchstone subject matter, but I wasn't nearly as impressed as I thought I would be by a film with this pedigree.
I'm happy to have found quiet, slow-burning Elah the better Middle East movie of the week (despite the "Oh no he dih-int!" ending).
Elah is in the strange position of being a not wholly successful film that nonetheless should be seen.
This is a story that most people don't want to see, but it needed to be done.
One of the most powerful films I've seen in years.
Postwar is hell!
Walking a razor-wire fence, [Writer/Director Paul] Haggis honors Americans serving their country while lacerating the military mindset that got them there.
This movie feels, stilted, long and boring. But it's also at times engaging, worth seeing for Jones' Oscar quality performance, not much else. If you like Million Dollar Baby you'll like this, it's almost the same film - in tone and direction.
...one of those near misses that have enough things going for it - like the performances of Jones and Theron - that you may be willing to forgive the films its flaws.
It's when the investigation sorts out the knowable (what happened?) and then moves into the unknowable (why?) that "Elah" moves beyond genre and becomes one of the year's best films.
Attempts to depict the manner in which the specter of war can follow a soldier back to civilization and inform every subsequent decision and action.
This is Jones' show and he makes you feel a father's fear and loss in ways that are subtly heartbreaking, never melodramatic.
Academy Award season is offically underway with the release of Paul Haggis' hard-hitting drama, exploring the emotional wreckage of the war in Iraq.
Mostly effective, if not altogether imaginative.
Often heavy-handed detective-police allegory doesn't diminish the pleasure of watching T. L. Jones' economical, snappish performance.
Haggis' camera hovers over Jones' craggy face as if it were the lunar lander looking for a smooth spot to land. There is no virgin terrain on Jones' weathered face, just creased landscape that could be headed for another well-deserved Oscar nomination.
Wearing its holier than thou attitude on its blood-soaked sleeves, In the Valley of Elah is the most underhanded, backdoor anti-war film ever attempted.
The movie isn't nearly as obvious or redundant as writer-director Paul Haggis's previous film, the Oscar-winning Crash, but it still feels like the work of someone trying too hard to enlighten you.
Roger Deakins' beautiful cinematography makes the film look professional, but it doesn't disguise the fact that Haggis isn't a particularly inspired or visual director.
This is definitely worth a bargain matinee.
Each of Haggis' Oscar-winning leads brings out facets of grief and resolve, with Jones particularly affecting as a man who realizes too late that his son may not have been prepared for combat.
This is another home run hit for Tommy Lee Jones.
The failure to avoid pat answers and cheap grandstanding dogs Haggis here as surely as it did in the overrated Crash, and robs In the Valley of Elah of much of its power.
It's not just that Haggis has cast fine actors, but that he has created a mood and pace that makes the actors, the story and the themes of the film mesh.
In the Valley of Elah offers a fine example of a mutually beneficial pairing of filmmaker and actor. Director and co-screenwriter Paul Haggis gives Tommy Lee Jones a great role. In exchange, Jones supplies Haggis with nuance.
In the Valley of Elah is another in a long line of great Tommy Lee Jones performances.
With In the Valley of Elah writer-director Paul Haggis provides a story filled with depth, nuance, feeling, power and, for the most part, restraint.
For all its dead ends and flaws, In The Valley of Elah does feature arguably the best performance of Jones' career. And the anger that simmers in Haggis' direction is palpable, even minus a payoff.
[Haggis'] self-serious tone becomes wearisome, and he fails to explore how the military failed its men while clumsily laying a guilt trip at its feet.
An involving character piece and mystery/thriller, albeit a tad slow.
There should be enough gut-troubling truth to In the Valley of Elah to make it transcend political squabbling.
Tommy Lee Jones gives such an amazingly nuanced, judicious, soulful and selfless performance as a military man distraught over the death of his soldier son in In the Valley of Elah that one can only wish it was in a movie that had the same virtues.
In the Valley of Elah is an endorsement of doubt, a demand for questioning, wrapped in a package anyone can buy.
The movie Haggis made and the movie Elah could have been are as far apart as Washington, D.C., and Baghdad.
In the Valley of Elah is too inept and diffuse to be a howl against the war in Iraq. At best, it is a manly whimper.
Instead of a nice, clean movie about parental regret we're forced to suffer through an unnecessary biblical metaphor stretched way past its limits of applicability.
Haggis' movie is worth seeing mainly for Tommy Lee Jones' stoically pinched and intensely focused performance as Hank Deerfield, the Lanny Davis figure.
Haggis' premise becomes confused; he inadvertently seems to suggest that this war is wrong not because it was unjustified but because of its corrupting influence on its participants.
The movie wears each of (its) hot-button issues as casually as a runway model might sport the latest Hermes scarf. The topics are brought up, shown off and then, in most cases, replaced with something else.
In his first solo outing since the Oscar-winning Crash, writer-director Paul Haggis falls into a familiar trap, where his lofty social theme fights its own battle against the forces of artifice and contrivance.
Paul Haggis' earnest and eloquent film about the impact of the war in Iraq on U.S. soldiers, and by extension, their nation, is human-scaled. And as deep and harrowed as Jones' crevassed face.
It's a difficult picture dealing directly with misery and misfortune, but it has much to say about affairs of the family and the state of the union, presented in an unsettlingly peaceful manner few in the genre would dare emulate.
In the Valley of Elah rises and falls on the strength of Tommy Lee Jones' performance, which is to say that it rises to great heights, indeed.
You can literally read on Jones' face. All of which makes certain genre devices intrinsic to the murder mystery aspect of the story seem trivial and anticlimactic by comparison.
There's much to admire here: a continually surprising storyline, an aversion to cliché, a gallery of characters who are neither stock heroes nor cardboard villains, and a flawless cast.
Sure, it's good and everything, but you can almost hear Academy members sharpening their ballot pencils in anticipation. Start engraving those trophies now.
Where 'Crash' was full of contrivances and coincidences, Elah is honest, raw, and real.
Elah uses a slightly plodding police procedural format as an opening to a discussion about the effect the war is having on returning soldiers. It's a lot to ask of one movie.
In the Valley of Elah is so majestic in its themes and searing in execution, it's hard to imagine Haggis won't figure prominently in the Oscar race once again.
The haunting, heart-piercing Elah isn't perfect. It's something better: essential.
In the Valley of Elah is the first great movie about the stateside aftermath of the Iraq War and should be considered a companion piece to Hal Ashby's post-Vietnam opus Coming Home.
Tommy Lee Jones astonishes with a silent, agonizing pain you will feel and not easily forget.
In the striking minimalism of the film's early scenes, Haggis and Jones are perfectly in sync...
The performances are amazing here.
A fierce performance by Tommy Lee Jones as a father searching for his son, AWOL after returning from Iraq, anchors this flawed but important film from flawed but important writer-director Paul Haggis.
Haggis has taken a simple biblical tale and grafted it onto the complexities of the modern world.
Haggis has put together a masterful work here ---- it is not to be missed!
Haggis has an extraordinary knack for choosing themes which are controversial and relevant, and then getting his actors to maximize their skills. This may yet be the best film of the year.
This is a sad, subtle and very good movie, designed not so much to make you think, but to make you feel the impact of large events on little lives.
[Jones] gives a great, selfless, and heartbreaking performance that completely dominates this elusive but powerful movie.
Intended as an anti-war polemic that war is dehumanizing. Well, Duh! Even so, this is an entertaining film diminished by the disappointing ending making the message.
A penetrating, lacerating, angry-as-hell condemnation against the incalculably devastating cost of war as it pertains to both those fighting in it and those consequently affected by it back home.
This is undeniably a haunting movie. But don't let that scare you off. The ending, and all that leads up to it, will leave viewers devastated but deeply moved.
Tommy Lee Jones is at the top of his game as a grieving fa ther determined to uncover the disturbing truth behind his soldier son's death in Paul Haggis' In the Valley of Elah.
The last scene of In the Valley of Elah may be the most ridiculously ham-fisted and over-the-top moment in all of 2007's supposed prestige cinema.
It is a showcase for Jones, who is moving as a father who only wants to know what happened to his son, but it is also a vile, hopelessly reductive film.
Oh, how I love movies where Tommy Lee Jones is looking for someone. I doesn't have to be a criminal, although that is preferred. There's just nobody who makes a procedural pursuit more compelling.
Will forever be known as the upside-down American flag movie. But showing the flag this way is heavy stuff that is supported by the movie the way a bowling ball is supported by a dandelion.
Though the portentous title is taken from the Old Testament, the film's concerns are painfully timely and forcefully articulated.
This is no doubt the first of many movies that will struggle to tell the stories of a war that's far from over, and even if the tale is imperfectly told, it commands our attention.
Thanks largely to the intricate, committed performances of Jones and Theron, it succeeds as an effective whodunit.
Jones could win Best Actor...
Elah does have moments of slipping into political sermon, but for the most part it is an effective, disturbing and -- a rarity for Haggis -- subtle exploration of the stateside war story.
Haggis still has a weakness for big dramatic gestures and heavy-handed symbolism, but a somber tone and Jones' tight-lipped yet moving performance nicely undercut the tendency toward Crash-style overwrought melodrama.
In the Valley of Elah is an almost painfully powerful drama.
What Haggis obviously wants to explore is what the war in Iraq is doing to the humanity of our soldiers there. By approaching it indirectly, he simplifies it to a degree that I expect will anger many Iraq veterans.
A "very special" episode of CSI: Red State.
The film's sense of responsibility proves almost paralyzing, allowing the production to be overwhelmed by the seriousness of what it's attempting.
If there was a symbol for cinematic distress, it would be raised in front of any theater playing this movie.
In the Valley of Elah held me despite my many qualms. That's because the subject matter is innately powerful and resists Haggis's pigeonholing. He's latched onto something that's bigger than himself.
Paul Haggis' In the Valley of Elah is built on Tommy Lee Jones' persona, and that is why it works so well.
Paul Haggis follows up his Oscar-winning Crash with this searing drama that uses the police procedural to explore the moral and psychological devastation of the Iraq war for U.S. soldiers.
Although more seamless and less contrived than writer/director/producer Paul Haggis' Academy Award winning Crash, the picture offers little more than an earnest civics lesson.
None of the exasperating guilt on display in Crash has made it into In the Valley of Elah, a solidly made genre movie: the Army mystery.
A heartbreaking story that is told with honor and intelligence in a stirring film that will haunt you long after seeing it.
After watching this riveting film, you will have more compassion than ever for the soldiers who have served and are serving in Iraq at great danger to their bodies, minds, and souls. One of the best films of 2007.
Red State, Blue State, All States, this movie offers food for thought no matter what your political persuasion.
Like Missing, a critique of U.S. government policy disguised as a mystery about a father searching for the truth about his son. And a rather heavy-handed one at that.
In and of itself, the story offers rich dramatic material that Haggis exploits well, but the writer-director's unsubtle condescension to his audience represents small thinking.
Haggis may be our patron saint of noble cinema, yet he's cagier than such a title would suggest.
[Jones] can't single-handedly save this frustrating film from its overly earnest impulses, but when he's onscreen, at least the hokum burns cleaner.
With "In The Valley Of Elah," his follow-up to the absurdly overpraised "Crash," writer-director Paul Haggis solidifies his position as this generation's Stanley Kramer.
Underneath the deceptively quiet surface of In the Valley of Elah is a raw, angry, earnest attempt to grasp the moral consequences of the war in Iraq.
achingly sad
Fine performances from Tommy Lee Jones and Theron and the investigation itself maintain interest, but Haggis's film disintegrates just when it should be delivering its final punch.
Neither affecting nor cerebral; it's a case of going through the motions.
Haggis is an extremely talented man, and much of the film works brilliantly. But it misses the mark.
A lot of very good films have a distinct drop-off point, usually occasioned when the gods of character are shoved aside for the gods of plot. In the Valley of Elah is one of those very good pictures.
In Paul Haggis' In the Valley of Elah, Jones' face is a poignantly detailed map of skepticism, simmering rage and, in the final count, self-recrimination.
... it doesn't hurt to have Tommy Lee Jones driving the film with a beautifully realized performance.
The considerable power of the film is contained in Jones's hard-bitten, movingly understated performance.
A different and devastating look at the residual effects of war, presenting the small pieces of purity its survivors and victims lose, whether or not the battle is won.
Jones is terrific, as is a barely recognizable Theron ... [but] an awkwardly tacked on subplot implies our soldiers in Iraq are sadists and psychopaths.
Haggis reduces America's problems to a series of slanders and then hangs a flag upside down just to bully home the point.
It is so patriotic as to be a radical example of dramaturgy. On top of that, it is executed to perfection.
Paul Haggis's In the Valley of Elah is vital in spite of its mustiness.
It feels like a movie in search of prestige, not truth.
Tackles its Iraq War subject matter with such sledgehammer clumsiness that it risks giving viewers blunt head trauma.
Intelligent, absorbing, and exceedingly well-acted.
Grueling truths more intimated than spelled out, touching on the battle scars turning normal young men into unimaginable monsters.
A namby-pamby tirade against the war in Iraq, In the Valley of Elah is a Canadian's Sydney Pollack-inspired drag revue.
The combination of dedicated actors and a superior script helps make Elah a far more satisfying film than Crash.
Like Crash, Haggis' follow-up shows he's a better writer than helmer, though new film, about the impact of Iraq on both soldiers and their families, is ambitious in scope, timely in issues, and superb in acting, even when it drags and ultimately faulters
In the Valley of Elah doesn't actually say "Bring the boys home"; it mostly tells us how much Paul Haggis would like to take home another Oscar.
It's the first Hollywood Iraq movie to remind me of a Vietnam film like Coming Home, and it does more than disturb. It scalds, moves, and heals.
In the Valley of Elah David slew Goliath and Canadian director Paul Haggis tries to slay the US myth on the Good War in Iraq, though David was certainly more successful than Paul.
Haggis, with an exemplary cast, explores shadowy secrets of men in the ranks with a determined brush, tipped with heart-piercing irony.
Another eloquent, sobering assessment of the State of the Union from the director of Crash.
Paul Haggis'follow-up to Crash is too self-serious to work as a straight-ahead whodunit and too lacking in imagination to realize its art-film aspirations.









@highlight

Though some of Paul Haggis's themes are heavy-handed, In the Valley of Elah is otherwise an engrossing murder mystery and antiwar statement, featuring a mesmerizing performance from Tommy Lee Jones.