God speaks with Walsch's own voice, the point being, of course, that God is you. God is me. God is a hobo and a douchebag and a blowhard named Neale Donald Walsch.
The film is professionally mounted, smoothly constructed and carried with ease by Czerny's assured performance.
A coda after the closing credits, encouraging divine dialogues in general, does little to dispel the hagiographic aftertaste.
Resembles a vanity project that looks as though every frame was submitted by producer-director Simon to Mr. Walsch for his approval.
The facial hair that actor Henry Czerny is forced to wear in Conversations With God is ludicrous, even laughable -- as is much of this film.
The cinematography has all the flair and depth of your average episode of "Yes, Dear"; the score is a giggle-inducing juggernaut of obviousness; Eric DelaBarre's script contains virtually no believable dialogue; and Stephen Simons' direction carries the s
...boils down to the assertion that God is that voice in your head, a fairly innocent concept until God starts telling you to do something wrong.
A terminally muddled movie, uncertain as to whether it's promoting Neale, God, Mammon, Putnam Books or the capitalist exploitation of spiritual need.
An amateurishly assembled movie-of-the- week-calibre feature with little dramatic energy for the depiction of a life-changing epiphany.
Although Stephen Simon's film has the mawkish trappings of an inspirational tale, its unseemly emphasis on monetary matters makes Walsch seem less interested in the spiritual possibilities of his celestial networking skills than their financial benefits.
B movie w/ good heart. Not everyone will buy into the spirituality dogma, I'm not sure I do. But, there is a definite need for all of us to take a deeper look into our souls.
A conversation with God should be inspirational and moving, but this conversation loses some of the magnificence and glory when it's channeled through this very ordinary movie.
Simon has made a garish, lumpy, melodramatic and altogether unconvincing film about a man hitting bottom and then hearing a voice that helps him regain a place in the world (and a pretty rich place, at that).
This film adaptation of Neale Donald Walsch's best-selling book series plays more like an infomercial than a thoughtful exploration of religious issues.
What He does want, according to Walsch, is for us to have jobs we really like, and to make money. Lots of money.
The story of Walsch's travails never strains credulity, though helmer Simon's predilection for spiritual vistas with light breaking through clouds, arrested close-ups and endless long dissolves often skirts kitsch.
Bomides of the most banal sort...If you don't already belong to the choir, the preaching isn't likely to make much of an impression.
Corny and harmless.
What Walsch's message ultimately amounts to is for theologians and consumers to decide, but this uninspired presentation certainly drains it of some mystery and risks turning his writings into the ultimate self-help guide.
What is unclear (to me, at least) is the process by which Walsch answered 'yes' to God's question and suddenly became a writer, doing what appears to be automatic writing of his first book.
The film has nuggets here and there, which hint of something more, but all we get are situation and opaque, one-dimensional characters.
Conversations with God is a bad film about good things that many people will find enlightening. Its message is admirable, its filmmaking as bland as a communion wafer.
If God did start speaking to some random homeless guy, wouldn't he come up with some better material?
The 'God' in Conversations with God acts like a psychotherapist and talks in the buzz-phrases of self-help speak.
God, if you exist, why do you keep letting morons like Walsch get rich?
One of Walsch's precepts is that you should never make a living doing something you hate. If I'd known that, I might not have felt obliged to sit through every excruciating minute of this sanctimonious infomercial.
Watching Czerny's version of Walsch struggle, it's hard not to connect with him, even if you don't connect with his message.
For those of us who want to know who this guy really is, what he's about, where he came from, the film is as vague as the voice Walsch hears.
I don't doubt that Walsch's book has touched people. I don't even question whether he actually spoke to God. I just wish the movie itself shared some of his miraculous message with audiences.
Guess it's comforting to believe that God might make contact in even the blandest of conditions. But I can't see this movie meaning much to any but the already converted.
It may appeal to those who get teary eyed over Hallmark cards, but will bore anyone who views religion with passion and maturity.
The movie claims the 'God inside me' concept is rooted in compassion, but it plays like nondenominational narcissism to me.
Spirituality is big business, especially on the printed page, but in movies we like the Big Message in the form of metaphor or allegory rather than a hammer over the head.
Conversations with God. Nice work if you can get it, and you can get it if you try.
It's just a depressing parable about a fellow who sinks lower and lower in life until he figures out a nebulous new way to sell God to the masses.
A hackneyed, melodramatic travesty is certainly to be expected from the cinematic rendering of Neale Donald Walsch's simplistic, best-selling self-help tomes.
It's inspiring to see how Walsch conquered the odds, but at times Conversations With God feels like a subliminal advertisement for the book.
OK, Lord... For starters, since when do you talk like Dr. Phil?
Conversations With God is not a movie; it's a brand extension.
There's nothing particularly objectionable about the film (other than its inert movie-of-the-week structure) until Walsch takes his God-spokesman role too far in the final act.
Me: I'm a little embarrassed to say this, God, since you're featured prominently ... I don't really recommend this film. God: (Sigh) Just between you and me, if I were in line at the multiplex I'd buy a ticket for Scorsese's The Departed myself.
Writer Eric DelaBarre and director Stephen Simon deliver Walsch's apotheosis without any trace of irony. But their treatment of his misfortunes has some of the ring of truth, even though the movie lingers far too long over its own epiphanies.
The film treats its subject to a hagiography rather than a dramatization.
What's most glaringly missing in this self-promotional marketing tool is, of all things, God, who gets only a bit role as Walsch's muse in a few scenes. He really oughta fire His agent.
It's an agreeable enough tale right up until God butts in and starts talking; even if you can swallow the premise, it isn't particularly cinematic to watch a guy endlessly scribbling on legal pads.
Someone advises at one point that dreams don't have deadlines, and yet the famous cover jacket of Waslch's books couldn't flash on the screen fast enough.

@highlight

At some point in the conversation, God must have asked for a subtler, deeper film.