A documentary that changed direction, like a weather front, in the midst of being made.
Timely, relevant, and touching documentary that needs to be seen.
The most affecting footage of Hurricane Katrina ever seen comes from an amateur camcorder bought on the street for twenty bucks.
It's a view of the disaster that no amount of news coverage would ever manage to capture.
An utterly magnificent film, one that is as hard to forget as it is to ignore. As such, it is destined to live a long life, in peoples' minds and on scholars' shelves.
Intensely gripping footage of the calamitous Hurricane Katrina and the compelling story of survivors Kimberly and Scott Roberts make this a must see documetary.
Trouble the Water is a truly gobsmacking document, but it's Kimberly Roberts who carries the film.
'God's gonna trouble the water,' goes the chorus from the African-American spiritual that gives Trouble the Water its title, but no deity is to blame for the tide of bureaucratic bungling and inhumanity the movie reveals.
The person at the centre emerges as a force of nature unto herself. Meet, and prepare to be inspired by, Kimberly Rivers Roberts.
Essential, startling and distressing insight into what it was like to be in the eye of the Katrina storm if you were a poor, black resident of the Ninth Ward of New Orleans on Monday August 29 2005.
Trouble The Water tells a fascinating story with some amazing imagery, shot when the floods were at their height, but somehow loses something in the translation.
The footage - edited and augmented by Michael Moore's collaborators Tia Lessin and Carl Deal - is unpolished, but the stories and commentary are as inspirational as they are harrowing.
Tia Lessin and Carl Deal's movie about Hurricane Katrina is, in its way, quite as powerful as Spike Lee's massive documentary on the subject.
I could call the film an important document, but it's far more rowdy and vital, and amazingly unpretentious, than that makes it sound.
Trouble the Water employs Kim Roberts' startling camcorder footage to reveal how little New Orleans prepared its citizens for the coming disaster.
Later, unfortunately, the film's energy drains like the waters, leaving a wrack of tired folk wisdoms and ear-injuring rap songs.
This gutsy doc, directed by the producers of Bowling For Columbine, has a raw, grass-roots perspective that makes the social devastation sink in afresh.
Riveting, emotionally engaging and frequently astonishing documentary that tells an important story and will make you laugh, cry and seethe with rage.
The film is a lasting document on the subjects of Hurricane Katrina, tragedy and bureaucratic incompetence.
a diary of missed opportunities
For the 3rd anniversary of Katrina comes a gripping point of view about the disaster and its continuing impact on the people of New Orleans that has not been seen before.
You can't help wanting -- and maybe needing -- to read into her indomitable spiritedness something like a reason for hope. For her, for other Katrina survivors, for all of us.
Trouble the Water doesn't merely bring its characters to the edge of the abyss. It watches them fall in -- and then, amazingly, climb out.
A real-life CLOVERFIELD... only infinitely scarier.
Trouble the Water is probably the best of the films made on the subject. That's because the film concentrates on a few specific stories rather than trying to provide a comprehensive examination of its subject matter.
It's not quite a Grapes of Wrath for our times, but Trouble the Water does give a voice to people America didn't see or listen to before Katrina.
Some documentaries change how you see the world. Some change how you see yourself. Trouble the Water... astonishingly, does both...
More than most documentaries, this mosaiclike movie is made up of many pieces, and it's considerably more than the sum of those parts.
Directors Tia Lessin and Carl Deal make jarring cuts from Roberts' personal footage to the mainstream news reports, emphasizing the unreal tone of the professional media.
The film works as well as it does thanks to Kimberly Roberts' magnetic screen presence.
Trouble the Water is a crucial film, one of the best of the decade.
Kimberly Roberts is the reason Trouble the Water is one of the year's best documentaries.
A tale of natural and civic catastrophe, Trouble the Water is also a frank yet inspired saga about poverty, survival and what lies beyond.
Trouble the Water is choppy, overly long and at times almost indecipherable, but it's indelible.
The movie is certainly political, but it's also existential: It chronicles a struggle to survive that transcends bureaucratic incompetence and speaks to the very nature of living in a hostile or at least indifferent and unknowable natural world...
The Roberts family, constantly helping others, maintains both a realistic and positive perspective on their situation, with Kimberly in particular showing remarkable resilience.
A great film about a national disgrace and some remarkable 'regular folks' who refused to let it overwhelm them.
Trouble the Water is so hopeful and full of life that it would be a shame if it were dismissed as just another Hurricane Katrina documentary.
Roberts needs more practice at holding the camera steady and framing shots. It doesn't matter. We feel her footage at the base of our spines.
Trouble the Water proves that a couple of gutsy amateurs with a home video camera can work wonders.
By picking up on this personal story and serving it up in a way that plays commentator, not critic, the filmmakers allows Kim and Scott to speak for themselves. The results are astoundingly brutal and beautifully honest.
Trouble the Water reveals not only the terrors of the hurricane but also the political and personal valences of its legendary mismanagement.
Trouble the Water, along with Spike Lee's extraordinary four-hour epic, When the Levees Broke, remains one of the most eloquent records we have of a tragedy that brought out some of the most impressively alive men and women in New O
The people in Trouble The Water don't want your pity. . .they want outrage for the injustices suffered. They get it, and more power to them for keeping that anger alive.
Is there more to be said about this national catastrophe? Yes, definitely, as the engrossing documentary Trouble the Water shows in just about every frame.
There have been many good documentaries about Katrina...but "Trouble the Water" is the best of the bunch, a personal, ground's eye view told with outrage, humor, strength and song by the unforgettable Kimberley Roberts
Filmmakers Tia Lessin and Carl Deal have fashioned a deeply moving story of resilience and redemption.
Essential, unique viewing: a stunning experience of the hurricane and its aftermath, rooted in immediate personal response and emotions that encapsulate the full national catastrophe.
More of a conspiratorial look at the changing of New Orleans than a hurricane doc, this film examines the soft machine of politics that is trying to transform New Orleans, its houses, its people and its art, into something we may not like.
Trouble the Water reveals not only the terrors of the hurricane but also the political and personal valences of its legendary mismanagement.
Trouble the Water's greatest of its many values is its incisive record of how a massive catastrophe is really a story of multiple individuals, families, blocks and neighborhoods.
More than a keenly dramatic look at how this country treats the poor and dispossessed. It's also a film that was hijacked by its subjects. They saw an opportunity, they took it, and the grand jury prize at Sundance was the result.
Using mostly amateur video shot by an aspiring rap artist and her husband in the lead-up to Hurricane Katrina and in the weeks after, this gripping, sometimes unstructured doc shows the devastation New Orleans residents suffered in the swirl of the storm.
I thought Spike Lee's When the Levees Broke was pretty much the last word on the national tragedy and disgrace that followed Hurricane Katrina's assault on New Orleans. Maybe not.
Trouble The Water is infuriating in its depiction of helpless Americans getting left behind, and uplifting in the way it shows the Roberts putting their lives together.
A spellbinder you do not want to miss.
Trouble the Water is most worthy of all praise, accolade and recognition...If such celebration translated into box office receipts, this extraordinary little movie would be The Dark Knight of documentaries.
The co-directors of Touble the Water make the wise choice of narrowing their focus, a strategy that breaks down the almost incomprehensible suffering of the thousands of Americans and makes it intensely real.
Brilliant melding of first-person footage, heart, and directors Tia Lessin and Carl Deal's documentary expertise.
A historical document with a human center.
What Lessin and Deal provide is a considered structure that places Roberts' footage within a larger social and emotional context as part of a self-defined life, in which Hurricane Katrina was both tragedy and opportunity.
Trouble the Water's political-made-personal power to invoke both Anderson Cooper levels of rage and the sense that hope springs eternal rests solely with its main subjects.
Raw, unfiltered and expletive-laced, but a brutally-honest flick guaranteed to give you an unsanitized picture of what life was like for the least fortunate folks in the wake of Hurricane Katrina.
An average doc that far too often turns into a showcase for Roberts' burgeoning career as a rapper, something that often takes away from its potential as a real human and emotional story.
An impressive document of devotion that miraculously stems from still-festering pain.
The resilience of the movie's subjects -- survivors of street crime and drugs and HIV -- irradiates Trouble the Water like sunshine.
Trouble the Water is ineradicably moving.
There have been a number of films about the national disaster and scandal of Hurricane Katrina but none have put you as directly into the eye of that storm as Trouble the Water.
Gut-wrenching, infuriating, hopeful and unlike any other documentary ever made, "Trouble the Water" is a very specific view of two powerful human beings whose humble heroism and instincts for survival put to shame that of the authorities purported to prov
A riveting documentary about some impoverished African-American survivors of Hurricane Katrina.
No unnecessary authorial pushing and prodding is required on behalf of Kim and Scott's amazing story.
Tells as powerful a story about the New Orleans diaspora as I've seen on film, from an angle unfamiliar. It plays out like a love story.
[Subject Kimberly] Roberts' vid reps some of the more extensive by any Katrina survivor.



@highlight

This incredible documentary displays the tragedy and mismanagement of Katrina along with the heroism of strangers and survivors.