Spoken plainly, the olives of Zaytoun are bland to the taste.
Despite its "The Defiant Ones" liberal Zionist pieties, there's solid drama and performances.
Zaytoun is relatively successful in tiptoeing through the political minefield of the subject matter, and it offers out the promise of hope and possibility without raising expectations.
We've ... got to admit right up front: Part of our interest was simply to see what Stephen Dorff is doing playing an Israeli POW.
It's a powerful drama that works on a couple of levels.
The movie means well enough, yet Zaytoun doesn't do enough to upset expectations, trusting in the power of warm orchestral strings and softening demeanors to coax the viewer into a deceptive comfort zone.
It's probably best viewed as a fable that tries to strike a hopeful note amid the many woes of the Middle East, but the blunt filmmaking and the near-sentimentality make it hard to buy into.
Visually operatic street scenes, panoply of characters, Dorff brusque to paternal, talented ensemble of Palestinian/Israeli-Arab actors [make] this crossing worth traveling.
The resolution is a bit Hollywood, but then who says all films about the Middle East have to be relentlessly grim? "Zaytoun" dares to find common ground and hope amidst political confusion.
A trek that is occasionally very unlikely, but moving nonetheless.
... never strikes the right balance of comedy and melodrama, and winds up trivializing the plight of his characters in the process.
Lively characters and a series of offbeat events make this movie watchable, except that we never believe anything that happens.
It's just all too breezy to have any real effect.
Given how much Zaytoun follows the playbook, the pic's portentous ending is extraordinarily subtle, and will resonate best with those who know the history of the region.
The film's facile message of cross-cultural unity owes more to fairy tale than reality, but the action is slick and the story gripping.
In grabbing for the heart this one-size-fits-all fable sadly ignores the mind.
Congeniality isn't necessarily honesty ... and Riklis regularly fudges.
Though Dorff isn't the only thing wrong with Zaytoun, he is still its biggest liability, and the rare case where one miscast role ruins a film's essential premise.
Zaytoun wants to milk a historical moment as a plea for tolerance; its only accomplishment is to channel the forgettable foreign-film exotica of decades past.
By the end ... the director's ambivalence is overwhelming, obscuring an important story with undeniable modern parallels.
It misfires in tone, depth, and political tact, dumbing down rather than providing new insights into the Israel-Palestine conflict.
The spiritual journey of a Palestinian teenager from a refugee camp in Beirut in 1982 and an Israeli pilot captured by the PLO.
An appealing road-and-buddy movie that could stand as an allegory of peace between Israelis and Palestinians.
Eran Riklis' road movie - its title means 'olive' - neatly juxtaposes the beauty of the landscape with the enmities it engenders, locating an optimism in the central relationship that subsequent history ... would cruelly dash.
By suggesting, perhaps too hopefully, that even the most deeply held prejudices can be broken by individual decency, the story has its heart in the right place and is acted with total sincerity.
A piece of ecumenical wish-fulfillment.
The storytelling may cleave a little too closely to Hollywood formula but the beautiful location work and performances add immeasurably to the authenticity.
El Akal delivers a winning wide-eyed performance as Fahed that more than compensates for [its] shortcomings.
The premise of this drama about a deal a Palestinian boy cuts with an Israeli pilot may be sweet, but it doesn't convince.
These characters never really existed, we feel, in any place/time except Wish Fulfilment Land.
Politically a little watered-down, but the performances are strong enough to make it linger in the memory.
Lively characters and resonant interaction make this film enjoyably watchable even though it's impossible to believe anything that happens.
The result feels dramatically and emotionally unconvincing, and a step backwards from Riklis's poignant allegory Lemon Tree.
A pedestrian script stifles a promising concept, in spite of solid performances.

@highlight

It has a lot on its mind, including a timely storyline with real-world significance; unfortunately, Zaytoun 's reach exceeds its grasp, partly due to the presence of a miscast Stephen Dorff.