You could say this film is at once a secular fable on a religious dilemma and an almost religious parable about an all-too-human tragedy.
Helped by gorgeous photography and sound design, it's a work of considerable force that bears comparison with Terence Davies's early films.
This approach - together with Volach's tenderness in describing Menahem's sense of wonder - makes the film's middle scenes beguiling.
All three actors are excellent.
A compelling, saddening film.
Brilliantly acted, shot with rare skill and has the force of a Biblical parable without losing its essential affection towards its characters, even Abraham. Do not miss it.
My Father My Lord may seem deceptively slight on plot but it's a superbly acted, beautifully shot and emotionally devastating drama.
Overemphasizes the parents' rigidities in detailed portrait of Ultra-Orthodox, but this family is three-dimensionally human through beautiful hand-held cinematography.
[An] assured, amazing 72-minute debut Israeli film, in which every delicate shot counts for the greater emotional impact.
An impressive debut by 37-year-old Israeli writer-director David Volach, "My Father My Lord" squeezes more humanity into 72 minutes than most Hollywood movies can muster in two hours or more.
David Volach's understated condemnation of religious extremism makes its points in lethally solemn tones, with neither caricature nor ridicule.
Volach doesn't waste a word or action in his spare, finely crafted screenplay.
[Director David] Volach makes every moment count by holding tight close-ups on the faces of his extraordinarily tender, expressive cast, framing them with an elegant beauty.
It's an affecting portrait of family life that gives way to a profound depiction of faith shaken to its roots.
My Father My Lord is an impressive first feature that stands out for its emotional qualities, its ambition and its brevity. In this day of endless epics, this 73-minute Israeli film manages to do a lot with very little time.
A surefooted and frequently touching revisionist retelling of the Abrahamic narrative that, while hardly revolutionary, is certainly evocative and provocative.
A cry of anguish not against Judaism itself but against fundamentalist adherence to the letter rather than the spirit of living well by doing good.
David Volach has created a drama that, in retrospect, feels positively biblical.
As sparse as a Torah narrative, it raises profound theological and emotional questions.
The believable, full performances of the principal three characters touch the heart and the tragedy [of their story] hits home.
A boy questions his father's devout life and teachings.
My Father My Lord lasts just 73 minutes, and I spent the first hour or so wondering what the director-writer, David Volach, was getting at in his nearly plotless feature debut.
Writer-director David Volach elegantly shot and scored debut is a bold, intimate look at Israel's extremely insular ultra-Orthodox Jewish, or "Haredic," community, largely seen through the eyes of an intransigent rabbi's young son.
My Father My Lord has the glowing simplicity and force of a biblical parable.
The acting here is also worthy, but it's the conversation the film should generate that most excites.
My Father My Lord is short, quiet, and shot in a style that favors closeness and intimacy, yet [director] Volach is able to convey in small strokes how a few rooms and buildings can become a child's whole universe.
A parabolic Israeli film which speaks volumes about the nature of devotion to God.
A beautifully made film, one that possesses a troubling visual sense of spiritual corruption.
The movie, in its best moments, suggests a Haredi version of Terence Davies's 1988 masterpiece, Distant Voices, Still Lives.
Honed to a gem, 'My Father, My Lord' is a miniature without an ounce of fat among its vignettes of laconic dialogue. A glance or few words carry optimal weight.
This feminist outcry against spiritual second class citizenship, sheds enormous light on rigid religious conviction based on discipline and doctrine, in conflict with the spontaneous and unpredictable human impulses that manifest themselves in childhood.
Choppy editing ruins the climactic moment of this Hebrew-language film about the ultra-Orthodox community in Jerusalem.
Its gripping sense of empathy, parlayed through a Sokurovian fixation on faces and the love and fear transmitted between beaming sets of eyes, practically burns a hole through the screen.
[An] extraordinary 74-minute tone poem.
Not unlike Amos Gitai's Kadosh (1999), this is a saga of how an unconscious misinterpretation of religion can disintegrate a family instead of enhancing its life experience.



@highlight

This beautiful Israeli film is both a moving family drama and a potent examination of the trials of faith.