Disney found the right combination of heart, laughs, and fairy dust to make a princess movie with the appeal of its classics and that's also right in 2010.
A heroine who finds love and freedom after she loses acres of blond Barbie hair -- these days, that's a radical fable.
This snappy role reversal may or may not appeal to young men, but it inspires some classic knockabout screwball comedy and an exciting, vertiginous escape sequence.
A tight little package that sings and dances, Tangled is a well-conditioned and rather shiny little piece of entertainment.
This is your basic, and very enjoyable, Disney princess musical, an empowerment tale to teach bright, dreamy girls how to grow to maturity -- and outgrow the adults in charge.
If this is what old-fashioned means, then bring it on.
Rapunzel gets a very ordinary updating in this Disney picture, raiding duller moments from the Shrek movies for ideas, and sporting a laboured selection of Broadway-style showtunes.
While it lasts, the magic works.
Tangled isn't perfect but having grown up with Disney cartoons, there's something quite heartwarming about seeing the studio approach past brilliance in the face of intense competition from Pixar and DreamWorks.
Disney has a good hair day as the revamped story of Rapunzel leaps from the screen, and not just because it's made in 3-D.
Basically, it's the old Disney formula done with a lot more elan.
The 3-D animation is ace, the blend of humour and adventure, spiced with smart songs, is great entertainment for everyone from eight to 80.
The action that follows her escape is more frenetic than inventive, but the character of Rapunzel is a Disney masterpiece unto herself.
It's a princess story that will enthrall the girls, an adventure tale to entertain the boys, all with enough good humor to make anybody laugh.
These are timeless themes -- domineering parent, sheltered child, dangerous boyfriend -- all woven together nicely by a crew of filmmakers from the Disney-Pixar trenches.
As the film went on I liked it more and more.
It will not rank among Disney's classics, but nonetheless, it is great fun.
This is a Rapunzel story that really knows how to let its hair down.
In speaking to my fellow reviewers upon exiting the theater, it was noted among us that nobody could remember a single musical number -- not one.
Directors Nathan Greno and Byron Howard exhibit admirable control over the material, maintaining a consistently chipper tone, upbeat tempo and bright visual aesthetic without devolving into a hyperactive, disparate collection of gags.
Directors Byron Howard and Nathan Greno set low expectations for Tangled and achieve most of them in an amusing story about a girl whose long, long hair can be used as an elevator, a whip and other functions rivaling a Swiss Army knife.
At its core, Tangled is a tale as timeless as it is timely.
While Tangled isn't quite to the level of the elite Disney classics, this computer-animated gem does offer a rollicking good time for the holidays, for kids, and adults.
Rapunzel's tower and the surrounding forest are lush, colourful and sun-drenched. It's a visual delight.
Tangled is brilliant, possibly better even than The Princess and the Frog and certainly one the best Disney animations of the last ten years.
A thoroughly delightful, fast-paced tale about a young lady finding adventure and love.
Look, there's nothing revolutionary or mind-blowing about Tangled. In fact, what makes it great is how unoriginal it is. This is tried-and-true moviemaking and Disney doing what it does best.
It wove itself around me, getting a tight grip on my senses, and trapped me in a web of loveliness that I was quite comfortable with.
Tangled is beyond charming, with plenty of warm humor, adventure and some fairy-tale romance for good measure.
It's charming, enjoyable, and has a heavy dose of that ol' Disney magic.
I can't help liking a movie with chameleon reaction shots.
Even if Disney movies aren't your cup of tea, you'll be surprised at the witty and pleasant approach Tangled exudes.
A version of Rapunzel that lets down its hair just enough to deserve a place of honor with all the other glorious Disney "princess" tales.
Despite modern-day characterisation and rousing action sequences, the ... pastel colouring hints at the time-honoured simplicity and innocence of Disney's best-loved classics
All in all, it's a fun, entertaining, and enjoyable way to spend 90 minutes.
A short and sweet fractured fairy tale that succeeds in laughs, love, and sharp animation...
Is it on a par with films such as The Little Mermaid? No, but it's a worthy addition to the lineage
Not the best of the most recent Disney upswing, but certainly an entertaining achievement.
Thoroughly enjoyable.
Don't let its princessness put you off - Tangled is Disney recapturing its magic and that fairy-tale sense of wonder that made its films appeal to boys, girls, mums, dads, nanas and pas in a silly yet wonderful way.
"Tangled" is a great film that should have been the fourth Oscar nominee for Best Animated feature.
Enjoyable movie but a little shallow and lifeless.
Yet another princess story calculated to revive the public's cash-dispensing interest in that kneaded-to-death formula.
I approach each new Disney film with a combination of eagerness and apprehension: will it be as good as I want it to be? Can "the new guys" carry the torch lit by Walt and...
Romantic, musical, moving -- and outstandingly funny.
It's a fleet, fun and splendidly realized digital fantasy designed to look like a Disneyland attraction come to life.
It's the best Disney animation in years, and a natural counterpoint to the contemporary comic style that has come to dominate the industry.
Disney returns to a successful formula for this enjoyable animated romp based on a Grimm fairy tale. It's bright and funny, but not too snappy, and skips the pop-culture references for a more timeless approach.
The prettiness comes with brains, and the whole production, like those newly eye-catching models of American-made cars, bespeaks resurgent confidence.
This one's strictly for the youngsters, but that doesn't change the fact that it's a very well-made kid's film.
It's Mandy Moore's performance that seals the deal with a charm and personality I didn't know she had--incredibly well rendered by the animation team off her sprightly voice track.
For whatever problems it has, though, Tangled is still an enjoyable fairy tale romp with some excellent animation that still takes better advantage of 3D than any post-produced live action film yet.
This is classic Disney; a reworking of an old fairy tale with a nice little feminist touch of female empowerment.
Tangled puts a happy twist on a grim tale.
It's Rapunzel's journey to maturity - accompanied by violently see-sawing emotions that the film's teen and tween audience will recognise - which provides the story's core.
After a few too many inferior Pixar-style movies, Disney's 50th animated feature is a CG-rendered return to the all-singing, all-dancing musical fairytales with which the studio made its name.
An inventive new spin on a traditional fairytale, if too frothy to rival classic Disney animations like Sleeping Beauty and Aladdin.
It's workaday stuff with unremarkable 3D and little mythological resonance.
A classy entry to the Disney canon, it's great to see their 50th animated feature is a solid effort, if not quite destined to become part of the upper echelons of five star Disney classics.
For the first time in a while, it looks like Disney's cracked the formula without needing to rely on Pixar to figure out the equations.
While Tangled is funny and possesses a pleasant degree of charm, it breaks no real ground for Disney.
The long-tressed heroine is a rather bland and Valley Girlish, her handsome rescuer is a thieving fop, and the wicked stepmother who's kidnapped Rapunzel and imprisoned her in the tower looks quite a lot like Cher.
With a spring in its step and a song in its heart, Tangled is undoubtedly one of Disney's most uproariously enjoyable movies in years.
Disney's delightful animated reworking of the Rapunzel fairytale marries a hilarious script with dazzling and colourful visuals.
It's the top songs, stunning 3D visuals including an amazing dam-bursting sequence, funny script and laugh-out-loud physical comedy that make this a hugely enjoyable experience for kids and adults alike.
Hugely enjoyable, frequently funny and superbly animated, this is a pleasingly old-fashioned, utterly charming Disney adventure that will appeal to adults and children alike.
Despite computer animation, the movie looks lovingly hand-drawn and is somewhat indebted to the French artist Fragonard.
It's no Whole New World, but with (mostly) smart lyrics and colourful characters, Disney's back in business.
A romance with songs, and none of them thankfully sung by animals.
Combines polished storytelling, witty scripting and relatable emotions to create a smart, snappy and sparkling tale with appeal to both kids and adults.
It's a traditional Disney animation, sticking firmly to the fairytale genre and not trying to include popular culture references.
The Rapunzel story in 3D and digimation.
Not just a pretty face; there's meat on its bones and a song in its heart besides. This deserves a place up there with the best of Disney's previous fairy tales.
Brisk, witty and entertaining, but far from classic Disney.
As well as driving the story, the themes of loyalty and trust also give the script its richest vein of humour.
If last year's Princess And The Frog was a toe dipped back in the water of Disney's glory days, then Tangled's a full-on, head-over-heels swan dive.
Not quite Disney at its very best, but a fast-moving, witty, heartfelt animated CG 'toon that sees the Mouse House leaping into the new era of animation with some style.
The joy is in the animation, with the non-speaking characters, particularly Rapunzel's chameleon pet and dogged palace horse Maximus stealing every scene they are in.
... may well be the first in a new line of animated films infusing Disney fairytale storytelling with Pixar know-how (yes, it's that good.)
Leave it to Rapunzel's sidekick chameleon, Pascal, to pick up the slack. Someone give this little guy a movie all his own.
With princesses and romance for the girls, sword-fighting and derring-do for the lads, Tangled ticks boxes for both genders.
Tangled serves as a welcome reminder that before Pixar there was another animation house that led the pack; here's hoping that this is the start of a new generation of Disney excellence.
Tangled deserves to be popular with family audiences and I have a strong suspicion it will.
Disney's latest fairy tale makeover is a sheer delight, a solid-gold piece of family entertainment that hits just about every button you could wave a wand at.
Rapunzel se une às irmãs de título sem passar vergonha, já que surge como uma personagem divertida, interessante e moderna.
Something less than a masterpiece, but much closer to it than some of the other recent entries in the Disney catalog. (Yes, you, Chicken Little and Treasure Planet.)
For 2010, Tangled is on top of my list of broadly entertaining movies that should please most people. Tangled is clever and enchanting, with animated characters who have heart and soul.
I liked Tangled but I wouldn't consider it in the upper echelon when ranking Disney's best.
Cool images and zippy performances flattened by lacklustre accessories.
Tangled is not only visually splendid, but it's one to get swept away in. This is animation of the highest order. CGI geeks -- miss it and weep.
In recent years, Disney has developed a keen sense of self-parody, choosing more often than not to deliver shimmery idealism with a wink as opposed to the earnestness of old.
The Mouse House has slain the two-headed dragon of Snark and Sarcasm, overthrown the Ogre of Unoriginality and stormed the castle of Children's Dreams! O.K., that last one sounds kind of creepy, but fear not, Disney's intentions are pure and just.
Adds to the bounty of this year's high quality animated films, and will make the coming awards season jam-packed with difficult choices.
Tangled is bound to be a hit with its target audience, and will keep parents entertained.
Disney has always done big spectacle and epic visuals well, and does the same here. But Tangled's complexity works because of its attention to detail and the smaller moments.
The filmmakers set about having seriously great fun
A fresh, imaginative twist on the age-old fable
Richly drawn with a combination of hand-painted and computer-generated images, Tangled looks as lush as a magical kingdom fantasy should.
Although this hair-raising animated tale is called 'Tangled,' it's really a cleverly marketed fairy tale that, at its core, has the foundation of the Rapunzel story.
I thought this is classic Disney.
An entertaining movie that does its job well, yet its polish simultaneously gives it strength and limits it.
[Not] since Beauty and the Beast have I been so thoroughly and completely caught off guard by an animated release from the Mouse House.
Tangled a return to Disney's roots.
Sure, we all know how it's going to end, but with Disney finding their classic groove again, who honestly cares?
If anything, Tangled is hommepowerment -- one more step forward in Disney's slow march to treat male suitors like equals
... meshes the crackerjack gleam of 3-D CGI with the plush warmth of classic pen-and-ink animation.
There are no unnecessary pop references here, just fluid, graceful storytelling.
the mixing of the old and the new gives Tangled a pleasant sense of nostalgia that wears well with its modern tweaks and is a welcome respite from Disney's more desperate attempts to compete with Pixar and DreamWorks in duds like Chicken Little
As Disney animated features go, Tangled is middling
A total delight that should please fans of classic Disney storytelling no matter what demographic they're in.
An original film would at least have had the distinction of being an interesting failure. This one's merely boring.
I certainly came out of Tangled in a better frame of mind than I did Disney's The Princess and the Frog last year at about this same time.
Tangled proves that sincerity in animated films did not die with the advent of Shrek.
Utterly charming, visually sumptuous and often witty, this new 3D musical rendition of the old fairy tale...will delight youngsters and teens while holding the attention of the more hair-challenged among audiences.
The artwork and 3D animation on this film are superb. It is filled with bright imagery and glorious colors in the grand tradition of Disney animation.
An almost perfect Disney family film with Donna Murphy being the standout star.
For perhaps the first time, a Disney fairy tale has adjusted -- downsized -- itself to the expectations of the marketplace. It doesn't want to surprise or innovate but to be a sort of 'Shrek' spin-off; it lacks what a publicist might call 'Disney magic.'
This Rapunzel's got sand.
This is a testament to the power of 3D when mastered--and not rushed. "Tangled" is animation at its best and it's this season's biggest surprise--it treats its audience with intelligence while giving them a jolt of fun.
After a slow start, it has just enough Disney charm to entertain the children (of course) as well as the parents.
Hilarious, heartwarming and loads of action-packed fun, Tangled isn't just a return to form or the best "Princess film" since Beauty and the Beast; Tangled takes a high place amongst the jewels in the Disney crown.
This rendition of the Brothers Grimm's Rapunzel is a fun and clever contemporization of Disney's storied tradition.
This one's no classic-in-the-making, but it's certain to remain one of the season's best bets for family entertainment, with a pleasing mix of music, mirth and oddball supporting characters.
The leading candidate for best family film of the holiday-season, Tangled stands tall among Disney's towering animated classics.
Seventy years after Walt Disney first sent Rapunzel's story into development comes Tangled, his empire's 50th animated feature and, since Pixar ushered the studio into the digital age with Toy Story, one of its most rewarding.
It's not unpleasant. But if a horse and chameleon are more charming than your humans, and the chemistry between the hero and the horse is more interesting than the romance, you've got a problem
...struggles a bit with its setup, but once Rapunzel hits the road it becomes a rambunctious concoction of humor, action and eye-popping visuals.
This is straight-ahead Disney, and none of the creative talent really gets to let their hair down.
How the filmmakers paint the scene with grand emotion, technical wizardry and solemn wonderment is something of a cinematic miracle. The entire production is miraculous, in fact.
[Works] because of the enthusiasm and commitment with which it knows that it's a Disney fantasy... An almost unnerving lack of cynical distance pervades every moment.
an enchanting mix of action, adventure, romance, and humor animated with pure artistry
This isn't some Shrekified attempt at a Disney movie. It's a straightforward fairytale with a princess for little girls to fall in love with, a dashing hero and a wicked witch.
Tangled is fine, and it may lure some people into the theater with its digital look and 3D gimmick, but it's probably not going to be anyone's favorite.
Disney's spirited re-telling of Rapunzel in 3D animation turns out to be a dazzler.
The music might have saved the film but instead, Alan Menken, who once gave us The Little Mermaid, Beauty And The Beast, and Aladdin now gives us a generic score.
Hair fetishists, rejoice!
For all the girl power messaging in Tangled's marketing campaign, this updated Rapunzel is a fairly terrible role model for little girls.
The animation is so superb, it's a joy to behold.
It shouldn't be too long before we hear about "Tangled: The Musical" making its New York debut.
It may be CGI, but it looks hand drawn. It's absolutely gorgeous...and who knew Zachary Levi could sing?
Not to upbraid ... but this tale, though visually top-notch, had more holes than a badly-teased beehive hairdo, needing far more layering in order to properly hold up.
Long hair hasn't been this much fun since Woodstock.
I was pleasantly surprised by the flick that's a return to form for old-fashioned animated storytelling, albeit with some modern twists. (Parental Review also Available)
Respectful of Disney tradition, but boasting contemporary touches uniquely its own, Tangled is equal parts class, charm and chutzpah.
Tangled is lovely to look at, but if you're not a pre-teen girl, you may be distracted by the split ends.
This tongue-in-cheek retelling of Rapunzel gradually picks up steam until we're firmly in the grasp of its hip hilarity and sincere romance.
Fantastic princess adventure is fun, with great messages.
You'll find it hard not to get caught up in Tangled.
Rapunzel, Rapunzel, you are lovely to look at it and occasionally charming. But there just ain't much to you beyond the hair.
The heart of Disney animation lies in song and spectacle, and while none of the musical compositions here are quite at the level of "The Little Mermaid" or "Beauty and the Beast," they are good enough...
Tangled, Disney's 50th animated feature, is a splendid tribute to the best moments from decades past but also a thrilling example of what could be the future of animated family entertainment from the studio.
Tangled is the best animated film from Disney in the past 15 years.
A solid if not-quite-classic musical version of "Rapunzel"...
The delightfully witty Tangled is the first animated cartoon released by Walt Disney Pictures that can stand alongside Pixar toons without apology.
"Tangled" is a welcome reminder of why we call [Disney] the Magic Kingdom.
Mixes sassy, traditional, silly and shocking into a movie that has something for everyone.
Tangled is a serviceable kids' picture and marks a milestone in the history of Disney animation, but it's splitting hairs to characterize it beyond that.
"Tangled" is consistently enjoyable, and a few scenes that feature glowing, floating, pink-and-orange lanterns are quite pretty, but it's also unmemorable.
Tangled braids strands of traditional storytelling and a contemporary sensibility with stylish if predictable results.
If "Tangled" hasn't morphed into a Broadway show within five years, then Disney isn't as smart as I think it is.
The whole film is gorgeous in a way few non-Pixar computer-animated films are … Disney's post-Renaissance growing pains aren't over yet, but they're moving in the right direction.
A transparent attempt to fill the Disney coffers by repackaging the masses-pleasing formulas that led to the studio's early-'90s resurgence.
Just modern enough, sassy without being snarky, fresh and contemporary without any po-mo air quotes.
Tangled is easily Disney's best traditional animated feature since The Lion King. The film has an old-fashioned feel-unrepentantly sentimental, unashamedly sincere, an unapologetic fairytale-in short, an instant classic.
The film isn't particularly inspired, though it's good enough not to embarrass ol' Walt.
Through use of ingenious story crafting, the fairy tale proves to be what I consider Disney's best film (not including Pixar pics) since Beauty and the Beast, and overall one of their greatest creations.
A timeless joy. One of this year's happiest surprises.
Tangled is unusually attuned to the emotional frequencies of mothers and daughters, considering that, like basically every Disney/Pixar feature, its writer (Dan Fogelman) and directors (Nathan Greno and Byron Howard) are a bunch of dudes.
Oddly, there has never been a full length film of the Grimm brothers' Rapunzel until now, and the good news is that the first one is a peach.
Adventure, ho! And much of it is quite funny, well scripted by screenwriter Dan Fogelman, who previously wrote Bolt and Cars.
A Rapunzel retelling could have become just a retread of the studio's past princess tales, but this genuinely charming, chintz-free story does something new: It takes the time to chill out, as its heroine might say.
Captures some of the best elements of Disney standards while nimbly integrating the clever pop-culture winks and dazzling technical style that are hallmarks of modern computer-animated features.
Yup, this is Disney, all right.
I can't think of a cartoon more confident about how to use jump cuts for comedy. Those senses of cleverness and innovation merely underscore how shopworn the rest of this movie is.
By mixing up and confusing the purpose of cinematic amusement and fairy tales, Tangled is aptly named for the mass misperception of popular entertainment as a mechanism of gimmicks rather than an expression of feelings.
It eventually establishes itself as not just a fleet and engaging cartoon entertainment, but something of a latter-day classic... worthy of consideration alongside... Beauty and the Beast.
It's a rambunctious, modern story full of chases, smart banter, big emotions, and palpable darkness.
A nice reminder that for Disney, sometimes simplicity is the best way to go.
[A] deeply affecting journey that is both unusual in its nature and grounded in the authority of folklore, one that slowly matures to a poignance that snuck up on me...
With the caveat that I really dug Tangled, I'm not sure it should have succeeded as well as it does.
this story, no matter how faithfully it skews to the classic tale, no matter what kinds of characters and themes were added to increase its appeal, is wonderfully, infectiously fun for nearly all of its 100 colorful minutes
A lively comic twist on the classic 'Rapunzel' fairytale.
...somehow in their move from hand-drawn princess tales to newer technology, the film, however enjoyable, seems warmed over.
I don't feel like writing a review of "Tangled." I feel like throwing it a parade.
Had Menken stepped up with a better batch of songs, this could have been the new Aladdin, but Tangled isn't that far beneath the cream of Disney's crop as it is.
Clebrates the studio's classic storytelling history while serving up an exciting modern adventure, full of heart and humor, beautiful computer-generated animation, lots of twists -- and yes, a princess.
The team at Disney has taken a deep breath and tried to be all things to all animation-loving people. There are some hiccups along the way, but by the end there is success.
While it is a diverting Disney animation -- the studio's 50th -- it lacks the emotional undercurrents of a movie from the studio's Pixar division.
Disney makes maximum effort in "Tangled" to make the venerable fairy tale Rapunzel hip enough for a modern audience. Why, I wonder.
The result is an uncommonly pretty visual experience, especially during a climactic scene when hundreds of lanterns are sent aloft into the night sky. One thousand points of light never looked so fetching.
Disney's new (yet not quite novel), musical (yet not quite memorable), 3-D (yet so what) animated retelling of the Grimm brothers' Rapunzel.
Disney's best non-Pixar effort since the second 'Golden Age' of 1989-92...though the materials may be recycled, the carpentry is better than it's been at the Mouse House in nearly twenty years.
There is no comparison, obviously, between real actors and figures with egg-sized eyes and lantern jaws, but there's something compelling in the perfection the animators are now capable of bringing to syncopated character work.
Visually astonishing - and I have to confess it's thanks in part to the use of 3-D.
Put simply, Tangled is exactly what it should be.
The film has the advantage of getting surer and more heartfelt and beautiful as it goes...
The same old empowerment lessons and comic-relief animal sidekicks.
Disney magic gives the feature a satisfying lift, but the ride is rocky, caught between the lights of Broadway and the battering ram comedy tempo of a Looney Tunes production.
Tangled might not ultimately be a modern Disney classic ... but it's nevertheless a lot of fun, full of humor, adventure, good music and great production values
A more satisfying showcase of derring-do, sweet romance and musical numbers in-between than we've seen from the Mouse House in quite some time.
The best non-Pixar Disney movie since 1994's The Lion King...
The romance doesn't match the visual splendor, but no matter: The lushness is enough.
I actually believe in Walt Disney Animation once again.
Despite the need to wear flimsy plastic glasses, watching Tangled reminds one that some brands of storytelling never go out of style, whatever that style may be.
Here's just more proof that Disney, Pixar, and DreamWorks have got nothing on the folks at Aardman.
The film lacks any soul or purpose, much like a Jersey Shore castmember. But unlike a Jersey Shore castmember, it's incapable of punching people in the face at random for your entertainment.
A wonderful animated feature that salutes the power of healing and the spirit-lifting miracles of light.
With "Tangled," a delightfully fresh spin on "Rapunzel," the entertainment powerhouse delivers its first classic-caliber computer animation outside the Pixar family.
Vibrant, funny, and oh so sweet, Tangled is rousing family entertainment which belongs in the top tier of Disney's illustrious pantheon of classics.
May not break any new ground, but for better and worse, it's the most inoffensive Princess affair to date.
A clever and shiny and deliriously funny take on the classic princess genre
No damsel in distress, this savvy, strong, spunky new Disney 3-D princess is adventurous - and awesome!
Seeing it once doesn't do this wonderful film justice. Yes, I loved Tangled! Simply put, this is one of the best films of the year!
An instant classic, Disney's animated revamp of the Brothers Grimm fairy tale, Rapunzel, has produced a spunky heroine that might just infiltrate the heavily-guarded princess canon.
An appropriately commingled sense of classic sentimentality and contemporary, gender-equal romance and adventure meet in Tangled, which underscores the still existent pleasures of traditional storytelling.
Old-fashioned storytelling barely prevails over sassy contempo attitude.
An old-fashioned Disney fairy tale gussied up in 3D for the holidays.
The tale of Rapunzel gets a cheeky make-over in this gorgeous Disney animation, which combines the studio's traditional hand-drawn look with the sculptural qualities of digital 3D.


@highlight

While far from Disney's greatest film, Tangled is a visually stunning, thoroughly entertaining addition to the studio's classic animated canon.