I left The Big Sick feeling charmed, even though I could probably count the amount of times I laughed on one hand.
The film's formula is evocative of feelings, without losing the internal tragedy and without trivializing anything. [Full Review in Spanish]
The ultimate message is that, once we find love, vows are worth both taking and keeping.
The Big Sick is that rarest of romantic comedies, in that it's both funny (often hilariously so) and poignant while still allowing its characters to grow and develop despite the constraints of the genre.
It's a pity that "The Big Sick" didn't get released in Peruvian theatres; I'm sure people looking for something different, entertaining, intelligent and deeply personal would have enjoyed it. [Full review in Spanish]
It's been a long time since this genre found a crowd-pleaser that is also so intelligent. [Full Review in Spanish]
... Kumail's scenes with his parents, his brother and his sister-in-law are the best in the film. [Full review in Spanish]
A success like The Big Sick really needs to be celebrated, if only to prove that there ARE audiences out there for good, small, well-told stories of love and family, and that the American moviegoing public hasn't completely abandoned quality film.
The Big Sick stars Nanjiani as himself (or a version thereof), joined by Zoe Kazan (Ruby Sparks) as Emily. Together they have a genuinely sweet chemistry.
The Big Sick is offering hope that comedy isn't dead at the box office.
Working with director Michael Showalter and producer Judd Apatow, Nanjiani and Gordon have crafted a deft and appearling film that addresses subjects ranging from cultural change to the unhappy lot of the Uber driver.
What The Big Sick ends up accomplishing, is -- in my mind -- perfect romantic comedy.
It's a hybridized rom-com that is this summer's winning feature, equal parts funny, cringey, heartwarming and wise (and you might even shed a tear or two).
Nanjiani expertly underplays the comedy but the true MVPs are the parents on all sides: Bollywood legend Anupam Kher as Nanjiani's taciturn father and Holly Hunter as Emily's mother.
With its honesty and adroit mix of drama and dark humor, "The Big Sick" breathes new life into the commercial contemporary romantic comedy. It's a genuine crowd-pleaser with substance.
It's a joy to watch two "real people" (albeit unusually witty, clever and attractive "real people") fall in and out and back in love. And, it's particularly satisfying that their mothers have so much to do with it.
A Terms of Endearment for the Trainwreck era.
The Big Sick is One of 2017's Best Films
The Big Sick is a simple and effective story... [Full review in Spanish]
To the sound of Vampire Weekend and being irresistibly charming, The Big Sick dispenses with any classic structure... [Full review in Spanish]
Indeed, the Allenian influence is omnipresent in this romantic comedy... [Full review in Spanish]
[There's] an appreciable balance between uninhibited comedy and a melancholy tone. [Full Review in Spanish]
Tender, bittersweet and funny, a well-told, simple story can achieve a lot. [Full Review in Spanish]
... nonethelss has a certain spontaneity, a certain freshness, a certain purity, a certain grace. [Full review in Spanish]
... its success - and what we appreciate in a time flooded with formulas and little innovation - is that it does not follow any traditional formula. [Full review in Spanish]
[The Big Sick] has much humor and love, but not in the doses or formats that you'd expect. Fortunately. [Full Review in Spanish]
As far as performances go, Ray and Holly lead the way; Anupam Kher is adept and Kumail with his mostly-comic expressions passes muster.
An effortlessly great film is born in the process. This is the best Judd Apatow movie and it wasn't even directed by Apatow
... gives us a conciliatory message on the understanding between cultures, in times much in need of them. [Full review in Spanish]
There is a real dramatic streak throughout the film, but its real strength lies in being at once uproariously funny and endlessly charming.
This multicultural romance succeeds because the filmmakers have avoided the cultural clichés that usually dog the genre.
... The Big Sick tells a heart-warming tale of how the couple go through the ups and downs brought about by their cultural differences.
Like Apatow's best, it is filled with quirkiness, pathos, drama - there are stakes involved. And the story like real life - and in this case, it was real life - has its ups and downs.
The Big Sick is a brilliant film. It's funny and warm, and for anyone who has married across differing cultures, very, very real.
The Big Sick signals the arrival of a new prince in the comic kingdom.
The acting is very good and the story (co-written by Emily V. Gordon) is highly original. As a bonus, it is based on a true story which is pretty upbeat, even though this edgy movie is less so.
There's nothing quite like The Big Sick out there, and particularly in these times, there's nothing like a gentle reminder that even across vast differences in cultural values and beliefs, love can conquer all.
The Big Sick proceeds into a palpably puffed-up midsection that's rife with overlong sequences and somewhat needless digressions...
A textured, multifaceted example of rom-coms at their very best.
Seldom do films achieve the delicate balance of humor and serious commentary. Kudos, then, to The Big Sick, a funny, sweet character study steeped in cultural issues.
The Big Sick comes to life just fine. But it's a little unsettling to consider that what might turn out to be the best romantic comedy of the year depends so heavily on a girlfriend in a coma.
It's exceedingly amusing in a light, affable register, even as it gets increasingly grey and grim in terms of the emotional states it depicts.
Cozy but not cloying; funny without trying too hard.
Clearly, The Big Sick has its roots in autobiography -- which, after all, may be the basis of some of our best comedies.
The film does push against most of the easy rom-com cliches to deliver a satisfying adult comedy. One value it does share with most American comedies is how its veneer of humour packages a set of values that are chiefly conservative and very American.
An intelligent film that offers a blend of real-life material and genre conventions.
The Big Sick has a true and beating heart, and it adds up to a sweet and wonderful romance
Without overemphasising either the laughs or the emotion, The Big Sick is a romantic comedy that feels genuine.
Utterly refreshing, like a big bowl of ice cream after a serving of spicy food.
What sets the film apart is an oddness that could only have sprung from real life. That and sincerity, compassion, humanity.
Both the script and the direction, from Michael Showalter, move with such pleasing assurance, held aloft by warm currents of banter backstage and at the dinner table, that you don't notice the deceptions that Kumail practises in the name of deference.
a film filled with big laughs
After a slow start, the film gradually accumulates funny and surprising details, many of them surely drawn directly from life.
It may be rather long for a romantic comedy, but this film has such a strikingly original script that it grabs hold and never lets go.
The Big Sick gives us a love to aspire to, and when you're dating while sick sometimes you need to be reminded that -- as cheesy as it is -- love conquers all.
Very charming and certainly close to the bone.
A refreshingly entertaining film with a hell of a lot of heart.
The secret sauce flavouring this wonderful movie ... [is that] it's sincere ... This beautiful film will appeal to all, but it is built by grown-ups, and not afraid to wear its intelligence proudly.
The Big Sick is so funny and so heartfelt it leaves the audience delighted, while expertly examining romance, relationships and the importance of family.
A timeless and timely look at love in all of its complicated forms, The Big Sick also examines parental sacrifice and the immigrant's dilemma of assimilation versus tradition.
Nanjiani and Gordon's sharp, intuitive scripting has a lot to say about modern love, age-old prejudices and the simple act of being there for someone who doesn't even know you're there.
A very funny and authentic film, with effective drama that gives it weight but doesn't weigh it down.
The film's message - that cultures are different but can coexist peacefully - is a welcome one in these riven times.
This is the kind of rom-com anyone can get behind - even the manliest of Vin Diesel-watching men - because there's nothing more universal than falling in love.
[A] very special movie, and one I was happy to live inside of 124 minutes.
At 125 minutes, it's a grind that never finds an equilibrium between feel-good comedy and incisive slice of life. And it's never quite funny enough.
Nanjiani is a wonderful screen presence, combining George Clooney good looks with a kind of soft-spoken gormlessness.
Nanjiani and Kazan are joined by a darling supporting cast that includes Holly Hunter and Ray Romano. And yes, the ending will very much leave you with "all the feels", as the kids say today.
It has moments that are deeply serious, and some that are deeply funny, but it never truly commits to those dramatic peaks and valleys.
A comedy with heart and soul to spare.
Many films have been made about cross-cultural relationships but The Big Sick will win over most in the audience with its delicately balanced mix of comedy and authenticity.
The originality here, though, is in the cultural detail, and the earthy likeability of the two leads.
The Big Sick is messy and complex in a fantastic way, exuding a deeply-felt empathy for all its charming characters.
The Big Sick is an enchanting film with a terrible title. Don't be put off by it.
We're aways off awards season, but it would be an awful pity if The Big Sick wasn't at the business end of things at the start of 2018.
These are real characters living real lives, and the humour -- much of it is extremely funny -- is rooted in this reality.
A rom-com for people who hate rom-coms. A painfully funny movie, full of enrapturing emotion that captures the glorious contradictions of all kinds of love.
Watching this Judd Apatow-produced romcom is like clicking on a for-real YouTube clip of a kitten juggling spoons. Cute. Clever. No wonder The Big Sick has gone viral.
Often laugh-out-loud funny, bravely fencing with interracial tensions in post-9/11 America.
Donald Trump would surely hate it - and that has to be a good thing.
The film is a hoot. It's a hit. It's a smash.
This is a touching, refreshing, hilarious and lovely film. See it immediately.
Feels so true to the realities of modern relationships that even though it's filled with the sort of bizarre true life scenarios that sound contrived in a movie, it's easy to relate to the complications and dilemmas they generate.
The Big Sick is a rom-com that's smarter than most rom-coms, which isn't saying much, admittedly.
A hugely enjoyable, lovable comedy.
The Big Sick finds plots by losing them. That's its genius. One moment we are in an ethnic satire; the next a romcom; the next a hospital comedy-drama. But that's existence.
Despite the aches and creaks in its extremities, The Big Sick is in rude health where it counts.
One of the glories of the film is its ability to find comic details in the most bleak and oppressive situations.
Working on a script from Nanjiani and Gordon, director Michael Showalter, who helmed the little-seen but funny Hello, My Name Is Doris, goes soft and gentle when most others would go big and loud.
Not quite life-or-death viewing, but as good a star vehicle as Nanjiani might have wished for.
Mixing a rom-coma into the romcom, this smart, sweet and highly personal love story finds a winning formula.
Edgy and hilarious, Nanjiani and Gordon's true story of cross-cultural love is a Trump-baiting marvel that's worth the hype.
The culture-clash comedy plays out with charming, sometimes toe-curling honesty and an acknowledgement of how complicated life can get when expectations weigh heavy and tradition unceremoniously intervenes.
A lovely and most welcomed breathe of fresh air for the romantic comedy genre. [Full review in Spanish]
This is a romantic comedy that is not beholden to any formula or any of the tired tropes of this genre. It's main focus is to do justice to a real life romance that seems to have happened only to put on display on the big screen. [Full review in Spanish]
Michael Showalter directs one of the year's best movies. I'm so glad I got to type those words.
Plagiarising their real life experiences on the road to romance, Kumail Nanjiani and Emily V. Gordon have written a screenplay that oozes with the black comedy of life, which is of course the good oil of strong comedy.
It's delicious. A highly entertaining, laugh outlaid film that explores emotions and behaviour and makes us scratch our heads at the complexity of the human condition. Blends humour, pathos, tragedy and fun like a perfect bouquet.
An entertaining and deeply felt film.
The Big Sick works because its humor feels effortless and true, and the laughs spring out of genuine tragedy.
The year's best comedy, an Annie Hall for the age of ISIS.
The Big Sick is funny but not laugh-out-loud hysterical, and it's moving but not enough to bring you to tears.
The Big Sick is one of the best romantic comedies of our time. A work of 100% sincerity.
A hilarious and touching romantic comedy that qualifies as one of best films of 2017.
Having previously helped skewer the American romantic comedy, Michael Showalter has created one of the sweetest, funniest modern examples of the genre.
A challenging true relationship story.
The movie is no fairy tale; it rings sincere because it shows the warts and blemishes that make perfect love nearly impossible, but allows true love to climb its way to the top of relationship mountain.
Ramano's character adores his daughter and his wife but tends to ramble on and on about this, that and the other, often to hysterical effect. Hunter's character's intensity is fierce and funny.
The all-American The Big Sick is one of the best-edited comedies in memory... Michael Showalter's [movie] that could have sputtered or confounded without the amazing scene-to-scene, shot-to-shot timing of its jokes and sobs.
Endearing, surprisingly witty romantic comedy...perfect 'date movie.'
A charming love letter to humor and how it helps us cope with life, sickness and the craziness that is life. [Full review in Spanish]
The Big Sick is a lovely film, at once familiar and unique in its story of relationships and family and the membranes that can separate us or which we create to isolate ourselves.
The film earns its silly and sweet moments just as much as all of the serious. It deserves to be the surprise hit of the summer, which it's on its way to being.
And now I've found the romantic comedy of the summer and perhaps the year.
Rich in emotional honesty and equal parts funny/moving, The Big Sick successfully infuses the traditional rom-com formula with a modern sensibility.
At 119 minutes long, it may be too much of a good thing-I have rarely been so aggravated by such a funny and heartwarming film.
It is first and foremost a romantic comedy, one that should be enjoyable regardless of your political views. Hysterical, heartbreaking and ultimately heartwarming, you'd be hard-pressed not to fall in love with The Big Sick.
The Big Sick turns out to be more than a boy-meets-girl tale. The story that announces itself as an interfaith, interracial romance turns out to be an intergenerational -- and healing -- one as well.
The Big Sick is a comedy with real meat and meaning, something that's been lacking from the genre in recent years.
It's taken a while, but we finally have the first great comedy of 2017 in The Big Sick.
It's funny, touching, and perceptive.
On paper, it sounds over-the-top wacky and saccharine, but The Big Sick treats its subject matter seriously and mines humor from the characters realistically reacting to awkward and extreme situations.
Always engaging, if overlong, formulaic and anti-climactic.
'The Big Sick,' a sweet little romantic comedy, might ease what ails you from other recent movie-going experiences.
A feel-great legit Oscar contender and one of 2017's most heartfelt and enjoyable efforts.
You'll leave the theatre with a smile on your face. And that's a pretty nice feeling.
The most romantic comedy so far this year.
The Big Sick is a healthy breath of fresh air.
The Big Sick is a sweet film, even with some rough edges, and it will be fun to see more from Nanjiani in the future.
Turning your own life into material for a show is the most stand-up thing in the world, but it's seldom done as skillfully as in this film.
We know where things are going. But frankly, we know where most movies are going. It's how it gets there, and the company we get to keep along the way, that makes "The Big Sick" such a winner.
The material may be at the sitcom level, but watching these performers play off each other is pure pleasure.
"The Big Sick" has a big heart and shows there are still corners left to explore in romantic comedies; it just takes someone willing to find them.
See it now, don't wait for it to become a cable TV series. A comatose love interest is definitely anti-episodic.
Where some movies would just settle for some good laughs, this one does that and warms the heart, too.
"The Big Sick" has a lot of charm.
Kumail Nanjiani's autobiographical love story has a fantastic hook but its mild demeanor keeps the comedy from having quite the right sting.
All the characters are flawed but sympathetic-the film has a true generosity of spirit.
It's hard to overstate just how effectively "The Big Sick" balances its romantic inclinations against life-or-death drama, or how its comedy co-exists with potential heartbreak.
It delivers a real love story with real humor from real people, and the movies can always use more of those.
Mostly, the movie works for the reason that all the best rom-coms do: you fall in love, a little bit, with Kumail and Emily, and want them to stay together.
All of the thoughtful characters missing from the last ten comedies you've seen? They're here.
Kumail Nanjiani's performance can't be undervalued... The comic had to sell us every single piece of the puzzle to take us to a tender place. We had to buy his performance without feeling the sheen of revisionism.
"The Big Sick" suffers from an excess of pleasantness, and this very pleasantness thins out its substance, blands out its tone, weakens its comedy.
Human and humane, it is sweet without being saccharine, funny without becoming raucous, and touching without degenerating into mawkishness-the rare rom-com that appeals to your intelligence rather than insulting it.
It helps that the story is a true original - one that you have to really see to believe.
Wickedly funny, this is a film that does not shy away from conflict and heartbreak, but it also finds the reason that love is worth going through it all.
Heartwarming, compassionate and wholly human, The Big Sick is highly recommended.
While Nanjiani often rambles off during his stand-up routines in the film, his deadpan comedy is at home in the movie, elevating it during its several uncomfortable interactions.
All the best romantic comedies get even better upon repeat viewings. I'm fully confident The Big Sick will pass that test the next time I see it, which will be very soon.
Yes, The Big Sick is a comedy, but it's a comedy that offers up about a million reasons to cry.
It's a slightly messy, often funny and humanity-filled alternative to summer blockbusters.
Kumail Nanjiani and Emily V. Gordon have told their own story in a funny, highly engaging way that doesn't feel precious or sanitized, but instead is relatable and engrossing from start to finish. And you'll laugh a hell of a lot.
With director Michael Showalter's assured comic tone, The Big Sick rates as a fearless and fearlessly funny look at how cultural collisions can end happily.
Where the film comes up short is in the character of Emily herself, Zoe Kazan's open and quick-witted Emily becoming infantalized during her illness and recovery.
This heartfelt and frequently hilarious comedy provides a vibrant and life-affirming twist on familiar themes about immigration, cultural traditions, romantic entanglements and fledgling comedians.
The best and most original romantic comedy of the year. (Full Content Review for Parents - Sexual Content, Profanity, etc. - also Available)
Like all Judd Apatow-supervised productions, it's about 10 minutes too long, but that is a small complaint when weighed against Nanjiani and Co.'s remarkable achievement.
The Big Sick stands out among the usual rom-com fare, and not just because of the cultural flavours of its lead
It's all very naturalistic, funny and surprising, all the more so for not taking the easy path of milking the stand-up scenes for laughs.
[Nanjiani and Gordon have] written a comedy that, yes, does recognize the seriousness of the situation but also focuses on the uncomfortable, awkward, and difficult nature of it, too.
The movie chugs along on the chemistry between Nanjiani, acquitting himself well as a droll leading man, and Zoe Kazan as his sunny, devoted sweetheart, though they're completely upstaged by Holly Hunter and Ray Romano as the girlfriend's parents
It's a serious love letter to real life.
Hilarious and heartbreaking with no clear trajectory, frequently catching viewers off guard, it's a rom-com of both heart and brain about a couple tested by illness and clashing cultures.
The Big Sick is as personal as it gets, but Gordon and Nanjiani pull no punches and steer well clear of preciousness. I laughed plenty at their film, cried my guts out, too, and went home elated.
It's a movie that not only puts human imperfections and incongruities on display, but also revels in them.
The movie treats the people on screen generously, and it's a romantic comedy with surprising depth of feeling, glancing on all sorts of things: race, religion, tolerance, understanding, the competitive peculiarity of stand-up comedy ...
There are a lot of reasons to love "The Big Sick," in addition to its intelligence and complex characters. It's hilarious, from start to finish.
You don't have to hole up at home praying to the Netflix, Amazon and Hulu gods for cinematic salvation until the fall. Case in point: "The Big Sick," a small movie that makes a big impact.
I love "The Big Sick."
With his welcome appearance at the top of the bill, Silicon Valley's Kumail Nanjiani is just one of the good reasons to catch this summer charmer.
Despite its pandemic-sounding title, The Big Sick delivers a fresh, funny, endearing and surprisingly emotional story of romance and survival, not necessarily in that order.
Nanjiani and Gordon having difficulty managing the nuance of their story and the needs of mainstream cinema. They come up with a picture that has a defined cultural perspective, but remains bland overall.
"The Big Sick," with ease and seeming effortlessness, makes us care a lot of about these people, together and separately. And their journey is odd enough to be interesting.
Functions...not only as a boilerplate rom-com that's consistently amusing and possessed with charming leads, but also as a heartwarming drama.
I could talk about this movie and their story for hours, but I'll leave it at this: please go see The Big Sick.
One of the best romantic comedies to hit theaters in a decade.
The recent death of the American rom-com has been much remarked upon, but it only takes one great film to zap it back into life. The Big Sick just might be that film.
It's a wildly different experience and the fact that it's true makes "The Big Sick" even more unique.
Excellent writing, superb acting, expert direction, and more --- it is easily one of the best films of this, or any other, year.
It's painstakingly authentic in its evocation of what sometimes feels like the entire conceivable range of emotions. That's because Nanjiani... and Gordon are sharp writers with a knack for underpinning deadpan dialogue with understated emotions.
The often slick, just occasionally slack Sick is first and foremost an autobiography, and while it's been designed to deliver maximum laughs and emotion, a quirky authenticity hovers over even its most manipulative moments.
Those are a lot of plates for any film to keep spinning, and while it isn't always a complete success - it could stand to lose 15 or 20 minutes - it's the kind of sweetly funny movie love story that's so bizarre that it has to be real.
There is comic gold in the cultural disconnect between Kumail and Emily's congenial, if politically incorrect, father.
To call The Big Sick the best comedy so far this year is to skimp its appeal. It's a very funny movie with a surprising amount of depth, and somehow the jokes and the seriousness heighten each other.
Thoughtful romantic dramedy has swearing, drinking, sex.
Easily the best rom-com of 2017, so far, and one of the most touching and daring in years, too.
Nanjiani's face has an Old Hollywood repose, but his eyes can melt into pools of concern with barely a flicker of transition.
Smart, funny, touching, heartfelt.
The Big Sick is bracingly funny, heartrending, and intelligent, a perfect alternative to the pirates, mummies, and other creatures inhabiting multiplexes this summer. No wonder it was the runaway hit of this year's Sundance Film Festival.
Anyone who's dealt with an extended hospital stay on either side will relate to this. Hopefully people who have been fortunate enough not to spend time in a hospital will be able to relate to what it's like just waiting, not knowing, not being told.
The Big Sick can sometimes be awfully conventional, but among its key assets is its radiant view of its characters.
Movie characters spend more time lounging around hospitals than pharmacy reps, but The Big Sick is the first "hospital film" in a while that makes us feel the stakes of a vicious mystery disease in our guts.
It's a lot for any movie to take on. The Big Sick pulls it off with unquenchable humor and ineffable grace.
There are some sweet early scenes establishing the characters' rapport... but Gordon and Nanjiani are so enamored of the standup-comedy world that it takes nearly 40 minutes for an actual conflict to be brought up.
Tore than a love story, this is a story about Kumail's relationship with two sets of parents, his own and Emily's -- and both are full of conflicts that range from hilarious to frustrating to incredibly sweet.
Invigorates the Apatovian formula and indeed an entire genre with a thorny study of interracial relationships and the bonds that hold immigrant families together across an ever-widening generation gap.
Nanjiani and Gordon are reluctant to paint themselves or their families in broad strikes, each character a dysfunctional maelstrom of good and bad, and it's this genuine fact-based texture that helps to make the film feel far from a Hollywood construct.
This is an impressive first feature, one that resonates more strongly thanks to its fact-based underpinnings.
What The Big Sick gets at, in its obvious but necessary manner, is how America undermines traditions from other countries, and always has.
"Authentic" is an overused word in movie reviews, but there's no better way to describe The Big Sick: Every inch of it feels true, and not just because it's drawn from real life.
Again and again, [Showalter] finds that laughter-through-tears sweet spot, often in the unlikeliest of places.
A joyous, generous-hearted romantic comedy that, even as it veers into difficult terrain, insists that we just need to keep on laughing.
It's an exceedingly high degree of difficulty to hit the perfect chord of humor and heart, plucking the heartstrings just so, blending laughter and tears, and "The Big Sick" strums them just right.
A cross cultural romance with surprising twists and turns makes for great comedy AND great drama . Kumail Nanjiani's true life tale is one not to miss.
Comic Kumail Nanjiani and his wife/co-screenwriter Emily V. Gordon carve this heartfelt love story out of her health crisis and their own culture-clash relationship. Not just the funniest romcom in ages, it's one of 2017's best films.
This is a comedy that needs room to breathe, that would feel gutted if it ran a mere hour-and-a-half - the same way an epic trimmed of an hour by nervous studio execs would seem gutted.
The Big Sick becomes a story rarely explored or romanticized on film, about what it's like to bond with the parents of the person you're in love with.
There's ... a great deal of real life here, even beyond the initial situations. The jokes, many of them lifted from Nanjiani's own routines, are often edgy and politically engaged. The couple's tensions are honest.
It's cute, funny, and vulnerable, The rest of the world is finally catching up to crushing on Nanjiani and Gordon.
Some stories are too good to be true, and some true stories are too good for the movies. Luckily for us, The Big Sick is neither.
In his first starring role, co-writer Kumail Nanjiani delivers a crowd-pleaser with this semi-autobiographical rom-com/culture-clash dramedy.
Hating on this sweetheart of a rom-com must be the cinematic equivalent of kicking a puppy.
Michael Showalter's The Big Sick puts a thoughtful spin on the rom-com, though maybe it's more accurate to call the film a rom-com interrupted.
The Big Sick is less a bitter pill and more a genuine story about love, individuality and - biggest of all - life's beautiful imperfections.
It's a winning and genuinely funny rom-com that proves there's more than one way to a heart-swelling happily ever after. Call it The Big Crowd Pleaser.
Deft and appealing ...
Kumail Nanjiani co-writes and stars in a refreshing movie that recasts what the romantic male lead looks like
Though a drama about a serious subject, this is the year's funniest movie to date.
"The Big Sick" definitely gets extra points for its real-life factor.
This movie keeps a lot of balls in the air: generational and cultural conflict, hospital drama, screwball banter-and only rarely lets one drop.
It is nice to finally see a romantic comedy that isn't afraid to tackle dark subject matters in a mature way.
The love story is messy, complicated, yet unconsciously romantic.
Thanks to Nanjiani and Gordon's script-equally funny, frank, and frightening-The Big Sick emerges as an unshakeable comedy made by, and for, a generation rediscovering what intimacy means.
Each of the characters here, presumably because they are rooted in truth, is given room to breathe and shows an ability to be changed by circumstance.
It's the best kind of romantic comedy, small in scope but vast in impact, and a reminder of just how great the genre can be when we give it the chance.
The movie's so good... in part because of the degree to which it considers marriage not just as a relationship between two people but between two families.
This isn't a *bad* movie per se, but it is an extremely frustrating one that left me longing for the days when rom-coms weren't structured like The Return Of The King.
Already, The Big Sick is scoring points on familiar rom-com territory, so when it suddenly morphs into a completely different film -- a bracingly sophisticated one -- you'll want to cry with happiness. (The real tears will come soon enough.)
The film is very charming and never loses its humor even when being mixed with drama.
Its authenticity and candor is part of what makes 'The Big Sick' shine so brightly - it's got the lived-in coziness and complicated wit of a James L. Brooks movie. But, y'know, one of the good ones, like 'Terms of Endearment' or 'Broadcast News.'
Infused with honesty and authenticity, Michael Showalter's crowd-pleaser is an instantly winning heart-stealer and a superbly well-timed story of culture clash that resolves into a lovely tale of mutual understanding and acceptance.
Comedian and actor Kumail Nanjiani and writer Emily V. Gordon mine their personal history for laughs, heartache, and hard-earned insight in The Big Sick, a film that's by turns romantic, rueful, and hilarious.
A deserved leading man turn for Silicon Valley" star Kumail Nanjiani.
While James L. Brooks is a good point of comparison, as is producer Judd Apatow's talky, hangout-centric approach, Showalter has made something unique and wonderful here.
It offers us not a sickness, but a cure for what ails our weary hearts.
The Big Sick doesn't need resuscitation from cheap jokes; its strength comes from a deeper place.
Nanjiani and Showalter imbue the film with so much more character-based truth than we usually see from the genre. It's the best romantic comedy in years.
As Emily, Kazan is fantastic, unselfconscious and deadpan, a welcome respite from typical romcom leads so often preoccupied with sorting out the rules of dating.
A beautiful, somewhat traditional love story.
In every conceivable way is this film a crowd-pleaser, pushing you to laugh and laugh until you cry.
So well acted and dense with insights into the culture clash at its center that nothing about the central dynamic is strained.
The Big Sick is the complete package. An ecstatic romantic vision, unafraid of dangerous comedy, that earns all the laughs and misty eyes it goes for. Modern romantic comedies now have a standard to live up to.
A star-making comedy for Kumail Nanjiani.
An intensely personal film, a triumph for Kumail Nanjiani, and one of the most hilarious and personal films this year.
'The Big Sick' is hilarious, surprisingly emotional, and it has a big heart. I can't wait to see it again.
The Big Sick is an enormous crowdpleaser, funny and touching in about equal measure, built atop an intense experience, and wise about the ways we interact with both our own parents and those of the people we date.
Zoe Kazan can transform even the most stock role into something indelible.
It's all at once a movie about overcoming disease, a story about cultural assimilation, a movie about stand-up comedians, a coming of age tale, and a rom-com. On the surface it shouldn't work at all.
Almost every romantic comedy is predicated on artificiality. The Big Sick is authentic from start to finish.
Just like Trainwreck elevated Amy Schumer to being a household name, The Big Sick really could do the same for Kumail Nanjiani.
This is a carefully-crafted comedy which can withstand the tonal shifts.
A funny and tender drawn-from-life love story.

@highlight

Funny, heartfelt, and intelligent, The Big Sick uses its appealing leads and cross-cultural themes to prove the standard romcom formula still has some fresh angles left to explore.