The message of Batkid Begins is, to me, Cynics of the world? You lost.
I'm still not sure if it warranted a full length documentary, but [it] is a fine ode to Batman and the human condition.
With great cheer and good spirit, Batkid Begins tells a true story that will restore your faith in humanity.
It tells the story in a powerful and uncomplicated way.
The deeper we go into Dana Nachman's unquestioning, feature-length cheerleading film, the more uncomfortable I felt about the reaction of one person to that magical and overwhelming day. Miles.
Cynics can carp. Let them. But don't be one of them.
It's refreshing to see a film that's completely lacking in cynicism.
Unfortunately Batkid Begins is so rigidly upbeat that it begins to seem like one of those really cheesy Hallmark movies on TV.
While it's far from stellar filmmaking, there's a winning positive tone to this misty-eyed documentary.
Nachman, for her part, diligently tries not to lose sight of the child at the center of it all.
If you have the opportunity to see Batkid, I encourage you to buy a ticket. It won't change our world. But it could change us. Then we can improve the world. Batman would like that.
"Begins" journeys into the heart of charity and community support, clearing away the ugliness of the world for 80 minutes to bask in the glow of what was intended to be a block-wide event that eventually snowballed into a global phenomenon.
Get ready to have your spirits lifted by Batkid Begins, the most heartwarming film you're going to see this year.
There's a wealth of material to draw on, almost as if a documentary-to-be-named later was already on someone's mind. In any case, Nachman puts it all to good use, relaying the conception, planning, preparation and execution of the day.
This is the kind stuff that you cannot make up.
Though it's easy to contrast "Batkid Begins" with "Dear Zachary" - tears of heartache replaced with tears of joy - both are about coming out of tragedy with a positive outlook for the future & rewarding the often thankless task of being a great parent.
If watching "Batkid Begins" doesn't move you, I seriously don't know what will. And who doesn't love a five-year-old superhero?
For one day, at least, the optimists among us could revel in the good-heartedness of people the world over.
As a record of the event it's amiable enough, but also a bit ragged and more than a little self-satisfied.
Everybody got a bit of childhood back, not because of what they got but because of what they gave.
Batkid Begins has the feel of a barn-raising gone global.
The seams occasionally show, especially whenever the shy, overwhelmed Miles grows tired or reluctant - or whenever the easily defeated villains start to look like so many overstuffed dolls - but it's impossible to say "no" to this project.
At some point ... we notice Batkid Begins is also a way to call attention to other parties, massive Silicon Valley corporations that jump on the Batkid bandwagon - including Apple, Twitter, Facebook and, most suspiciously, Uber ...
There's plenty of space for cynicism in this bitter, cold world, but Batkid Begins makes a fine case for an authentically rare mass moment of everyone acting like a decent person.
It's great fun to watch, with even President Barack Obama getting in on the act, and Batman Begins can be enjoyed entirely on this basis.
Bring kleenex.
"Batkid" is a feel-good film, in the sense that the people who made this wish come true seem to feel pretty good about themselves. They certainly have a right to be satisfied: What they pulled off is impressive.
Celebrates a city united for fun and goodwill, and the rare, pronounced sense of play and energy adults are capable of rediscovering, as do those who toil excitedly and hopefully to give Miles 'a little bit of his childhood back.'
... too often feels shallow and superficial, missing a chance to provide depth and context beyond the basics.
The footage is simultaneously spectacular and intimate, with plenty of adorable-child moments.
Batkid Begins is a story about good people doing better things, which makes everyone happy. Why is this something we keep forgetting?
Contagiously joyous.
Nachman has structured her film to illustrate how coming together for a cause can be at least as, if not more beneficial for the adults who helped make a small boy's dream come true than for the kid himself.
Batkid Begins uses its unforced sentiment and real emotional depth to (at least temporarily) slay any misanthropic feelings or cynical thoughts.
It's a rare documentary that showcases the absolute best of humanity.
Plucky, upbeat and utterly lacking in cynicism -- much like the epic day this Make a Wish event went down.
Nachman's documentary does a great job of showing the many pieces that came into place for Miles' moment, but it doesn't look much at what's underneath it all.
The film will restore one's faith in humanity, at least during its running time.
Marveling without questioning, the movie is content to package the phenomenon and coast on its feel-good wave. Yet, somewhere around the midpoint, I began to wonder who was most thrilled by all this fuss.
Wholesome as heck, but with a sane and appealing message.
Expands a two-minute viral video into a feature-length dry procedural of city permits, bitty bat costumes, street closures and savvy social promotion
It emphasizes just how much effort went into pulling the day together, and it's a fitting tribute to the volunteers who went above and beyond to bring a little boy's dream to life.
The editing is ruthlessly efficient, and some of the talking-heads scenes are dramatized via lively comic-book renditions that lend visual panache. All the characters grab you, not just the kid.
As a perhaps accidental commentary on the ephemerality of Internet life, with events - even big ones, like the one captured here - coming into being then passing into oblivion, lost in the ever-towering haystack that is Google, it's fascinating.
Who would have thought that the week after Inside Out opened, another movie about a kid in San Francisco would have me crying even more - and laughing almost as much?
A fascinating look at how a true event can become a media event - and how courting the media can have good and bad results so mixed up that it's hard to know where the good influence stops and the corrupting influence starts.
Tears will be shed, many of them surely genuine. Yet there's still something about this oversize spectacle, and Miles' ultimate place in it, that gives nagging pause.
The filmmakers lay on such a thick layer of schmaltz that you'll need a cape and cowl of your own for protection.
The film isn't really about young Miles (whose cancer is today in remission) but about all of us, about our bottomless capacity to do good and our shared love of little kids, big dreams, and Batman.
Sweet, heartwarming and uplifting....
"Batkid Begins" doesn't have answers for our many troubles, nor will it change the world, but it provides hope for humanity, and that's something we surely need to see more of right now.
This is not to diminish the incredible efforts put forth by many on that 2013 day. But if Batkid Begins is meant to chronicle those events, why does it seem so incurious about getting to the roots of how such a phenomenon occurred?
Entertaining and wonderfully satisfying.
The year's most joyous and surprising movie
Any hope of meaningful reflection or insight is doused by a steady drip of often redundant and banal observations.
[A] humorous and touching new documentary.
Almost all the talking heads are excited and proud, filling the film with a positive electricity. It's a power that most docs of such simplicity just don't have.
Tremendously heartwarming, positive docu for all ages.
Batkid Begins is almost better than Xanax. It's like swallowing a little yellow happy pill with the Bat signal on it.

@highlight

Sweet and unabashedly sentimental, Batkid Begins is an uplifting look at a selfless act that brought a city together.