Each character is so real, like someone you may know, which makes Pariah a real comfort.
Such a shame the rest of the picture hews so closely to the stereotypical indie playbook.
Pariah tells an involving story that's both deftly relatable and urgently progressive.
The uniformly excellent work that Rees coaxes from her entire ensemble elevates her film above the more formulaic coming-of-age beats of her screenplay.
Displaying an amazing amount of confidence and vulnerability at the same time, Oduye carries the film.
Like Albert Nobbs, Pariah deals with issues of identity and sexuality, though in a vastly different way.
...evades the formula for coming-of-age films as it announces the arrival of a fascinating new star in the remarkable Adepero Oduye.
That's what I loved about "Pariah," that it sets up a very familiar narrative and then makes it painfully real and surprising. T
A smart, compelling -- and optimistic -- portrait of heartbreak and hope.
Wayans, best known for acting in comedies with her siblings, is a revelation as a woman whose faith offers both hope and blind judgment.
Smart, heartfelt, savvy, beautifully acted -- and clever enough at 86 minutes not to overstay its welcome.
"Pariah" has a vibrant and funky street-wise lyricism, and Rees captures the conflicting emotions of the title character with a fierce intimacy.
The gay coming-of-age story's been done, but "Pariah" has something fresh to say, largely about the knotty complexities of love, and how they might keep someone in the closet: How badly do you need to be free, to hurt the people you love?
The bright, bold and unusual colors heighten the emotional impact of Rees' story without interfering with the realism...
This is a movie that will doubtless speak to those who have endured similar hardships in their youth, and Rees' message seems to be that, as Dan Savage would say, it gets better.
This fresh new angle on teen sexuality goes well beyond the usual film treatment of this material, creating memorable characters and real drama.
[Filmmaker Dee] Rees's eye for how [teen lesbian] Alike maneuvers between her notion of who she is and whom everyone else wants and expects her to be is intense and poignant...
The first word I muttered under my breath after watching writer/director Dee Rees' Pariah, an expansion of her award-winning short film of the same name, was, "Wow."
Young, gifted, and a gay
On a second viewing, I couldn't escape one thought: There's nothing simple about teens coming out to their parents.
Rees brings a heartfelt connection to the material, based on her own coming-out story, but the film's ingredients aren't the freshest.
Sets new standards for gay-lesbian coming-out play-acting with these "everyday people" rebel girls.
One of the most remarkable facts about Pariah is how it manages almost completely to avoid stereotypes: Every important character is complex and humanized...
You don't have to be black or lesbian or even know someone who's gay to appreciate "Pariah"; you just have to have gone through or be going through the process of growing up.
"Pariah" is a small film about a big subject: the struggle to be who you are, not who others would like you to be.
First-time writer-director Dee Rees has created a touching and commanding story about one young woman's hazardous journey through the trials and tribulations of adolescence, blooming sexuality and familial strife.
Rees' film is personal and closely observed, almost as if she's letting us read a chapter of a diary (she has said "Pariah" is autobiographical).
It is a striking debut: visually rich, emotionally complex and graced by strong performances from top to bottom.
If the destination is trite, the journey isn't - it comes with an ample supply of raw honesty.
It's a tiny story, told on an intimate scale, and it is rich in emotion, specificity and care.
Rees has crafted a moving and powerful first effort that is a welcome edition to the lesbian film canon.
Rees tells Alike's story in vignettes that are sometimes slapstick, sometimes heartbreaking, always tender.
Part of what makes "Pariah" exceptional is its skill at mapping family dynamics.
Especially rewarding about Oduye's performance is how she's able to portray that frustration while retaining hope and optimism.
Rees' script, peppered with colourful hip-hop argot, is smart and economical, with well-drawn characters, dialogue and situations that echo with authenticity.
Pariah sets a new standard for the coming-of-age genre.
The intensity of these performances, and their gorgeous rendering on film by cinematographer Bradford Young, carry a film that could easily have sunk into Sundance-indie inspirational cliché.
. . . a joyous, inspirational film that is inarguably a "must see" for all.
Street-wise and sincere, it's destined to reassure troubled teens searching for their identity - and their parents.
... this filmmaker's obvious talent and understanding of craft should be further encouraged to grow and blossom.
A modest, but heartfelt debut film.
Overcomes its flaws to emerge as a sporadically revealing portrait of a young girl's struggle to find herself in a cruelly hostile environment--a promising debut for Rees and a triumph for Oduye.
"Pariah" feels a lot like life, at its most confusing, contradictory and exhilarating.
Every dramatic beat feels preordained, and it's simply because Rees ... is more concerned with situations than characters.
First-time feature filmmaker Dee Rees has crafted a movie that is consistently riveting because it is steeped in truth. She and her cast never once strike a false note.
Adepero Oduye is excellent as a Brooklyn teen coming to terms with her sexual identity in this gritty film
The originality lies in the details, and the dramatic energy that sustains almost every scene.
An eloquent, haunting coming-of-age/ coming-out tale...
"Pariah'' really feels like something rare.
Rides distinctive wheels on a familiar track so that naturalistic performances only go so far, and conventional plotting can't inhibit reality from making its mark.
Rees packs a lot into a simple narrative, and only rarely overpacks.
The film is an impressive debut for writer-director Dee Rees.
Pariah is a tender, sporadically goofy, yet candid examination of emergent identity.
In her fearless, world-here-I-am! debut Pariah, writer-director Dee Rees demonstrates, with simplicity and verve, that there's no substitute for authenticity.
The filmmaking is often wayward, the scenes of confrontation sometimes too stagey, but Oduye is a marvelous young actress with a camera-ready face brimming with soulfulness.
Smart, sad, empowering film about a teen coming out.
Rees has an intimate feel for setting, rooting her melodrama in precise details while allowing for an expressionistic palette of lurid lighting.
Excellent performances by an emerging crew of actors and filmmakers tell a priceless story that struggles to entertain.
The movie's point, which is impossible to miss, is that it's hard being black & gay in America and, while there's undoubtedly truth in that sentiment, it doesn't necessarily make for a compelling motion picture circa 2011.
Rees shows a real knack...for casting and eliciting strong performances. That and a little touch of story irony make "Pariah" a solid dramatic debut.
Dee Rees gives us a sad chameleon, cleverly visually drenching her in the colors of her surroundings. Try though she might, the character can only reflect, rather than inhabit, the world around her.
It's a deeply flawed picture, but the core intensity of contemplation and hesitation is outstanding, allowing the characters a life beyond cliché.
Along with Margin Call, Pariah is the year's most impressive debut film, coming from NYU graduate Dee Rees.
The coming-out/coming-of-age story is almost a genre of its own, but Pariah has a fresh and distinctly urban take, anchored by an affable lead performance.
Despite a heroine who admirably follows her own path, the movie remains likable but familiar.
Something so honest and touching that you're instantly drawn in to its feelings and sense of place.
The gifted Dee Rees makes finding out a stirring and heartfelt journey. And Adepero Oduye is unforgettable. A star is born.
What distinguishes Pariah is less the subject than the performances...These three young women bring a vulnerability and openness that is moving and real.
A small-scale, sensitive, humanist character study that's progressive and thoughtful without getting too far out of line.
[The] most important thing elevating Pariah is the outstanding performance of Adepero Oduye.
Pariah should be a special, important film for gay teens and their parents.
An example of what makes indie filmmaking great: deeply personal storytelling done with enormous conviction.
A powerful coming-of-age drama about a creative and inexperienced African-American lesbian who tries to be true to herself.
Dee Rees' funny, deep and tender film about black lesbians definitely earns a place in screen history: a first in many ways, so rich and so beautifully done.
Pariah wouldn't work without Oduye's luminous performance, capturing the emotional nuances of a character not prone to letting her emotions show.
There is something to be said for movies that show us a scene or subculture we haven't seen before; it's startling to see a story we're so unfamiliar with.
This is a look at the joy, confusion and heartbreak of adolescence that's both culture- and locale-specific and, at the same time, universal.
The message - that prejudice exists in every community - is one worth listening to.
The film benefits most of all from Rees' careful screenplay, which dances that shifting line between fear and emergent hope. One of Alike's poems says it best: "Even breaking is opening. And I am broken. I am open."
Oduye as Alike is "Pariah's" subtle center, with the actress moving seamlessly between the tomboy thrilled to play hoops with her dad to the sour-faced daughter forced to wear pink by her mom.
Young people's mumbling and slang will be a stumbling block for mainstream audiences, but the lives and dilemmas of the mostly black and some Hispanic teens go beyond racial-cultural lines.
A moving story that's told with intelligence, heart and a working knowledge of the real world we live in.
At its heart is an incandescent performance by Ms. Oduye, who captures the jagged mood swings of late adolescence with a wonderfully spontaneous fluency.
Funny, moving, nuanced, and impeccably acted...
Any movie that opens with Khia's 'My Neck, My Back' is my kind of flick!
Pariah plays like a longer, more complex addendum to the recent It Gets Better campaign aimed at sending messages of survival and strength to gay and lesbian teens...
It's impossible not to root for Lee to assert her identity and to fulfill her dreams, but neither she nor the rest of the characters have any existence outside the script's exhortations.
A sobering look at what it might very well be like to grow up lesbian in the 'hood.
Authentic and moving. Adepero Oduye gives a breakthrough performance in the lead role, and Kim Wayans is a revelation as Alike's conflicted mother. One of the five best GLBT-themed narrative films of 2011.
While Pariah is as quiet and sensitive as its teenage poet Alike, it's never phony, simple or trite.
First-timer Dee Rees offers a fresh take on the overfamiliar coming-out genre.
...intelligent, feeling complexity in a film that could have covered itself in cliché.
Director and writer Dee Rees, along with a phenomenal performance by Adepero Oduye, gives plenty of points of access for audiences to identify with Alike, and the result is rewarding, rich and universally important.
As clunky subplots and soap operatics start to nudge their way into the mix, the filmmaker seems unable to maintain that early tone and focus.
Writer-director Dees Rees' feature-length debut stands out because of the ways it explores the many layers of identity.
Impressive autobiographical coming-of-age film about a smart but vulnerable African-American teenager struggling to have a meaningful gay relationship... .
This impressive debut, winner of the cinematography award at Sundance Fest, elevates the visibility of a taboo subject within black culture that has remained unexplored by independent cinema.
A powerfully emotional coming-of-age-slash-coming-out drama with a strong sense of location, impressive cinematography and a heart-breaking central performance from Adepero Oduye.
at heart Pariah is concerned with rites of passage, although the fact that there are so few films about African-American women, and even fewer about African-American lesbians, ensures that Alike's road to adulthood never feels too well-trodden.
What audiences expect from this butterfly awakening song they'll get in spades.
Ultimately, Pariah chronicles pain and beauty in the birth of an artist. The film's only real pariahs are those who reject her.
This is the kind of movie that lives or dies in the details, and Pariah gets nearly all of them right.
It's important to talk at length about Pariah's aesthetic because of how it distracts from the emotional truthfulness of the sometimes heartbreaking, by and large gorgeously performed story.
Respectable work, with earnest intentions and a vivid depiction of a corner of American culture.
Vivid photography, true-to-life moments and a wonderful lead performance compensate for some first-timer missteps in debutante writer-director Dee Rees' Pariah.
Stands as a good (if not great) slice of real life.



@highlight

Pulsing with authenticity and led by a stirring lead performance from Adepero Oduye, Pariah is a powerful coming out/coming-of-age film that signals the arrival of a fresh new talent in writer/director Dee Rees.