It's not very deep, much less a worthy tribute, but it's certainly an interesting exercise. [Full Review in Spanish]
[England is mine] never finds its way. [Full Review in Spanish]
he movie bows down to Morrissey's subsequent persona, planting references to future Smiths' lyrics - the Moors Murders, the violent friction of a Manchester street fair - in a way that that makes inspiration soundly uninspiring.
It is disarmingly modest in concept and self-mocking in tone, and so has not inflamed reviewers in quite the way Morrissey's own effort has. However, the fact it's unauthorised means that we don't get to hear his music.
England is Mine, handsomely filmed for the wide screen, is an auspicious debut for Gill. Even those unfamiliar with Morrissey and his contribution to popular culture should be captivated.
England is Mine works far better as an evolution of a star pre-fame than anything else. That's not necessarily a bad thing - just different from what audiences may expect.
This film is strangely celibate, a tribute that stays out of the way of Morrissey's own charisma and self-mythologizing.
Is It Really So Strange that This Charming Man is Unloveable?
We're all going to be miserable after watching England Is Mine, the story of his (Morrissey's) early years in Manchester, which, infuriatingly, features barely a note of The Smiths or, indeed, much of the wonderfully evocative music of the period.
Someone already versed in Morrissey could sit there and check off the influences, but someone who goes in knowing nothing about the man will see only the surface, the occasional photo or song snippet.
As it capably chronicles Morrissey's artistic process and the influential cultural backdrop, the film shortchanges everyone on the music. The result feels out of tune.
Given the man himself is so interesting, it's frustrating that his portrayal is so bland.
A handsome little biopic that's sopping wet with the same clichés that its whiny hero so adamantly disavows...
You're left with a lovingly rendered portrait of a cipher, a protagonist who never lets you in and therefore one in whom you can't invest too much emotion.
Sensitive and unironic, Jack Lowden shines in ENGLAND IS MINE with his depiction of the boy who would become Moz. While unable to access to the music so important to its subject's story, the film admirably finds the heart of our star.
The film succeeds in portraying a faithful representation, interior and exterior, of working class life in '80s Manchester.
England is Mine is watchable but not special and those with the strongest interest in the story may be unhappy about what's missing.
Shows us Morrissey's early years, telling a coming-of-age story in a relatively generic way
Jack Lowden's turn as the woe begotten, future rock star is quite understated, complex and engrossing, if at times a bit too melancholy to the point of wooden aloofness.
For the majority, Lowden feels restrained by a director who has a very specific, flat vision of a musical legend.
A muddled portrait of a young man unaware of the creativity within him.
Little here points to the man Morrissey would become, and the hints of the young man's future that we do see here don't make him seem like anyone particularly special.
Lowden carries the film with his understated performance.
I had never heard of the band The Smiths, or Steven Patrick Morrissey, --- however, I learned enough about his formative years, coupled with the near-hysterical reaction from the jam-packed screening audience in L.A., to recommend the film.
It's unfortunate that Morrissey biopic England Is Mine can't quite expand its appeal past Smiths fans, because Jack Lowden is quietly effective at being profoundly malcontent.
For the millions of true believers out there - the ones who loved him in 1985 and who would prefer to live in the past rather than listen to the 2017 version of their former hero - the film provides a blissfully melancholy roll call of pleasures.
Mopey and pretentious, just like the real Morrissey, but lacking the music that made his work with The Smiths so influential.
Has the feeling of a long, turgid prologue to a movie we never get to see.
There is ... a great deal of moping.
Not the peppiest film, but Gill does a successful job communicating the passage of time, generating a portrait of the future singer that's suitably dramatic and grounded.
[A] muted, sometimes arresting drama ...
It's a biopic that ends before its subject's life-changing work even really begins, so those without the knowledge to fill in the gaps will almost certainly leave wondering why they should care.
If you're going to make a movie about one of the greatest singer/lyricists of all time but you can't get the rights to their story or any of their music, don't even bother.
England Is Mine is a tour ride through a legend's formative years that's more concerned with the familiar signposts than the intricacies of the scenery along the way.
Music biographies are best when they offer insight into an artist's life for fans and an introduction for newcomers. England is Mine offers neither.
At certain points in the middle of it, you may think "I'm miserable now," though not in the way that Morrissey had in mind.
Gill's trump card is a nicely judged lead performance by Jack Lowden - a million miles from his dashing turn as a Spitfire pilot in Dunkirk.
The film's rendering of its hero has the right tone, just as its Manchester has the right atmosphere. To that extent, England Is Mine might please Morrissey fans -- and who else was ever going to bother with it?
There is very little here to disabuse the growing belief that what the young Steven Patrick Morrissey most needs is a slap.
I can't help feeling this well made, sensitive and funny drama has arrived a decade or two too late to interest a wide audience.
The actors are excellent, as is the re-creation of Manchester from the mid-1970s to the early 80s.
The lovely thing about England Is Mine is that it mostly eschews cliches.
You don't have to possess an obsessive knowledge of the early life, musical influences and chart hits of the Mancunian pop icon Morrissey to appreciate England is Mine. But it helps.
While it's passably interesting, England Is Mine leaves the impression that a true Morrissey biopic would have to have some input from the man himself.
It is a suitably grey and gloomy portrait of the artist as a young man with an eclectic soundtrack and a plucky central performance from Dunkirk's Jack Lowden.
It's a little lopsided but there's plenty for Smiths fans to enjoy.
The sense of time and place is very well handled and large parts of the film were shot around Morrissey and Gill's native Stretford.
I don't think the makers of England Is Mine deserve our generosity. Their film is drably literal-minded in the obvious connections it draws between the artist and his life.
It takes a special kind of biopic to reduce its subject to the least imaginably interesting version of itself.
As an account of the Adrian Mole-like growing pains of the depressive young would-be artist, the film makes surprisingly poignant viewing.
It's decently and honestly acted by Jack Lowden, who keeps the film alive, but it somehow winds up being a story about always following your dream and never giving up and even has an inspirational speech from Morrissey's mum.
Gives Morrissey and Smiths fans a dose of what life was like for the brooding musician before his days as a leading front man.
Not only does England Is Mine reconcile its audience with music in its purest form, but as any lapsed Morrissey fan will tell you, the film even manages to ignite a certain amount of nostalgia for less controversial times.
Wry, tasteful, unforced and with a tangible sense of the era, this is a portrait of a mercurial rock icon's formative years that, fittingly, ploughs its own furrow.
Lowden and Findlay excel in their roles, but Mark Gill's Moz-movie needed more: both more music and more "people who are young and alive".
Unlike recent biopics Control and Nowhere Boy, England Is Mine never quite brings its subject clearly into focus.
No rights, no permission, no Morrissey comes-of-age biopic.
Throughout the film, there's a feeling that the writers are picking their way gingerly through a minefield of possible problems, thereby failing to commit fully to the character of Steven Morrissey.
Lowden is good here at walking a sympathetic line between Morrissey's passive, self-pitying narcissism and his sincere ambition to do something of worth.
Smiths fans may well despair. And not in a way they'd enjoy.
Struggles to evoke the atmosphere of its setting - Manchester, 1976-1982 - and to bring its tantalizingly enigmatic subject into satisfying focus.
A suitably abrasive study of one of British pop's spikiest characters.
England Is Mine is an entertaining watch, funny and tragic, and particularly enjoyable for Morrissey's relationships with the strong women in his life.

@highlight

England Is Mine 's smartly assembled cast and strong sense of place are often enough to compensate for this unauthorized biopic's distance from its subject.