The plot, as incomprehensible as it is uninvolving, has Stallone's utterly unmemorable crack prison-break team banged up in yet another off-the-grid illegal jail called Hades.
The whole film is as graceless, lurid and unnecessary as a Stallone painting - but without the winning naivety.
This low-rent sequel abandons the cheesy tone that made its starrier predecessor a guilty pleasure.
A waste of Stallone's talent and star power, not to mention 94 minutes of your time.
It's something of a chimera, and none of its cheaply-made parts really hang together.
While the first film may just about have passed as entertainment, this is complete and utter drivel that will have audiences desperately looking for the exit.
Escape Plan knew what it was, Escape Plan 2 is the exact opposite and it makes you appreciate the first movie even more.
The film relies far too much on deus ex machina and too little on Breslin's wits.
A short, inexpensive thrill ride that may have its problems, but still pairs well with a case of cold beer and a hot burger.
[It] suffers from needless complexity.
I admit that Escape Plan 2 isn't very good. It's a much cheaper movie than the last installment, and the absence of the Stallone/Schwarzenegger chemistry denies is sole reason for existence.
A messy and unmotivated parade of bland close-ups and bad action.
Instead of putting in exactly the same amount of effort and creating an original film, the men and women behind Escape Plan 2 were so risk-averse that they thought there's a bigger audience for new Escape Plan movies.
Escape Plan 2 is essentially a tired, low-rent attempt to create a new franchise, albeit one now relegated to VOD.
Escape Plan 2 doesn't phone in the action. Bring on Escape Plan 3, which they already filmed so it's already a trilogy.
Stallone is in it just enough to make it worth watching for die-hard fans, but don't let the marketing fool you into thinking him and Bautista are anything more than supporting players in this one.
...brings Stallone back for a story that draws only loose connections to the original.
Hades has a fraction of the creativity, sidelines the main draw and is the equivalent of a cinematic prison sentence.
Stephen C. Miller can only cobble together a patchwork of half-realised ideas and poorly executed set pieces into a frenetic, largely indecipherable collage of shapes and sounds.
Stallone's here, kind of, but "Escape Plan 2" doesn't have much interest in his participation, going the easy-peasy B-movie route to cough up an inexpensive, easily marketable sequel that's led by actor Xiaoming Huang.

@highlight

Do not enter.