The story is affecting, the action scenes are thrilling, the issues are resonant.
An unstoppable juggernaut of action and anxiety that will have you blundering from the cinema in a state of nervous exhaustion. Don't expect any soft drink promotional tie-ins with this summer blockbuster.
War of the Worlds is that most rare of screen adaptations - a film that is faithful to its origins and at the same time, its own separate creature. The first half is better than the second, but what a first half.
Alien invasion thriller too scary for young kids.
so impressive in so many ways that it makes the frustration over its miserable final moments that much harder to bear
...in its own right it works well enough most of the time to pass an entertaining couple of hours.
An exciting, intense, gruesome, and awfully subversive piece of science fiction escapism...
See it, but lower your expectations.
great flick from spielberg
This is Spielberg at his unabashedly commercial worst %u2014 bland, unimaginative, and more interested in his bang than his brain.
Spielberg blows stuff up better than anyone -- he proves himself the maestro of that by-now-degraded game.
Just when it seemed like Mr. Spielberg might be maturing into a filmmaker with some much-needed cynicism, you realize he's still just out there rounding up the dollars.
Spielberg flips the E.T. script with this sci-fi flick which reverts to the pulp fiction notion of aliens as the enemies of earthlings.
Spielberg's calculations turn out to be more prominent than any effects they could possibly produce, and the less pretentious 1953 version by producer George Pal emerges as more likable.
Reconfirms Spielberg as a master of action, here seamlessly integrating spectacular visual magic into the most mundane and familiar settings.
Like disasters in real life, the film hits you in the gut with a vision of catastrophe, and leaves you to sort out what it all means.
Spielberg creates an alien invasion movie that can be labelled the antithesis to the likes of Independence Day or the ilk. The reason? The personal perspective.
The film is dark and bleak with little real sense of wonder--the thing that should be Spielberg's forte.
click to read review [Greek]
The film succeeds as pure sensation, an exacting distillation of fear.
Steven Spielberg's War of the Worlds is huge and scary, moving and funny-another capper to a career that seems like an unending succession of captivations.
Rarely has the term 'Hollywood ending' been quite as appropriate, and seldom has a denouement of that nature come so close to tainting all that came before.
No es la gran película de la década, pero sí es un claro ejemplo de entretenimiento del más alto nivel que te mantendrá, literalmente, en el filo de la butaca.
Spielberg's Worlds is filled with terrific scenes but ultimately, he draws the film to a predictable and utterly disappointing conclusion.
A basic rule of thumb is - if you see Tim Robbins, you've stayed too long.
There likely won't be a more gripping film this year than Spielberg's War Of The Worlds, which at its best glides along like choreography with a camera, slowly parsing out information while shrouding the rest in shadow and suggestion.
Certainly a grab-bag of Spielberg's Greatest Hits, but like The Beatles, there's a reason a lot of those Hits were #1 when they came out.
[A]s much a disaster movie as it is a straight sci-fi horror film ... there are very good performances in the film ... but the movie leaves you feeling let-down and quarrelsome.
(...) La primera media hora de Guerra de los Mundos es una maravilla de suspenso, tensión, horror y drama...
I liked it a lot, aside from the ending, which made me want to burn down the theater.
Just as Jaws made us fear the water, WOTW makes us wary of the weather. You'll never again look at lightning in quite the same way.
An adrenaline pumping disaster movie told within the context of a small scale family drama ... is an entertaining thrill ride.
All summer blockbusters should be as loud and scary -- and deliver -- like this.
Until its final act, the film is lean and alive, a visceral thrill ride designed to move audiences to the edge of their seats or maybe into their parents' laps.
War of the Worlds shows that Steven Spielberg remains one of the best shooters in Hollywood.
The narrative miscalculation is extraordinary and ruinous to the extent that I can't conjure an example of a similarly enjoyable movie being beheaded so efficiently.
War of the Worlds is thoughtful, but don't let that worry you. This is an action film concerned more with delivering thrills than making bold statements.
WotW is a great film and entertainment that can be taken seriously; Shyamalan and Emmerich must be quietly shaking their fists, realizing he still does it better.
Overall, the film is too lacking in feeling to provide a recognizably human experience.
The movie is the anti-Independence Day; the aliens are kicking our butts and we can't do anything but wait for our turn to become kibble.
It's worth every penny.
... A visual and technical achievement, but underwhelming on every other level.
It doesn't work as a science fiction epic, it doesn't work as a tale of families bonding in the face of tragedy, and it certainly doesn't work as a mingling of the two.
You don't think a walking tripod can be scary?
Don't expect Reese's Pieces or mashed potatoes to be on the menu in Spielberg's shock-and-awesome version of Wells.
A summer spectacular in which human relationships and emotions refuse to be overwhelmed by (admittedly awesome) computer-generated mayhem.
It's a thrilling ride...[but] this bountiful pot of signifiers leaves a caustic aftertaste.
A thrilling but frivolous ride.
War of the Worlds is taut, gripping and surprisingly dark filmmaking.
A rather primitive demolition derby, with little of the human solidarity that was corny but meaningful in the 1953 picture.
H.G. Wells wouldn't recognize his 1898 alien-invasion novel, The War of the Worlds, in Steven Spielberg's updated film version. But Wells could probably relate to the ensuing fear and panic.
There's stuff to make you go 'Wow!' but nothing you'll remember the next day.
This was one really intense, terrifying film that must be seen on the big screen!
I just thought it was unrealistic when they killed the aliens with a chemical imbalance, because we all know there's no such thing as a chemical imbalance.
Spielberg remains the consummate storyteller, even if the material he has chosen to work with simply doesn't pack the emotional wallop of a "Schindler's List"......
an impressive display of sound and fury that falls apart the minute any scrutiny is applied to the machinations of its plot.
War, what is it good for? Absolutely nothing but a good couple of hours at the theater.
What hurts it is Spielberg's dogged insistence on turning it into yet another of his seemingly endless middle-brow meditations on the travails of the middle-class family.
Whether it represents filmmaking at its most opportunistic or most empathic will be up to each viewer to decide, but there's no denying its potency as a harrowing thrill ride.
Imagine Jurassic Park handled with the sorrow and doom of Schindler's List. It's the most terrifying movie in ages.
Bewildered, mildly optimistic, holding out the hope of salvation in spite of everything in a blasted, empty landscape, War of the World is, in the end, and perhaps despite its intentions, a fairly tentative assertion of hope for the future.
Surprisingly dark for a blockbuster and delivers handsomely in terms of thrills and special effects.
If you've seen Independence Day, then you've seen War of the Worlds.
War of the Worlds is pure popcorn escapism of the highest order if you want it to be, or more, but it's never less than thrilling.
War of the Worlds is a terrifying potential vision of our own self inflicted doomsday, masquerading as a summer blockbuster.
Spielberg has crafted a genuinely traumatic summer event movie, one that gives us images of violence and destruction of often devastating emotional weight
An intense sci fi experience that should satisfy viewers who crave both expensive special effects and intimate human drama, assuming that such an audience exists.
As it is, I admire the brilliance of the majority of this picture to no-end; it's just that pesky literal ending I walked out wanting to declare war on.
A greatest-hits package from our greatest living entertainer, there is almost overmuch to admire here, but only the moments that aspire to post-9/11 relevance chill as well as thrill.
Almost every moment of War of the Worlds is heart-racing, jaw-dropping, knuckle-biting, date-grabbing adrenaline.
The real strength of the film is how closely Spielberg welds it to Ray and his family.
The story may be sci-fi, but the product is a horror film, plain and simple: a brilliantly constructed scaring machine.
It's as if the aliens landed and everyone died so that Tom Cruise could grow up one more time.
Steven Spielberg has delivered the blockbuster of the summer, a stunning sci-fi spectacular that’ll blow you away. Yes, I know I’m gushing, but War Of The Worlds really is that good.
War of the Worlds ends too abruptly, running out of juice just as the aliens do. Even on summer popcorn terms, it's a tepid finish to a movie that, for its first hour or so, taps so expertly into our fears.
The sappy and silly happily-ever-after ending deserves a big BOO!
[B]y far the biggest, loudest and most elaborate adaptation of the H.G. Wells classic.
Spielberg's list of great movies is too long to catalog here, but rest assured: War of the Worlds now ranks among them.
Spielberg as Hobbesian; Wells as eugenicist
How refreshing to see Spielberg rock the boat with nothing more shocking than pure old-fashioned fear
'...director Steven Spielberg has brought the story to this generation. And it is a story meant for this time.'
Du pur divertissement de grande qualité.
'I'm the pre-teen Maggie Smith,' says Dakota Fanning, 'if Maggie Smith had a stripper name.'
...Spielberg has a genius for ... audience adulation
It's really amazing how much pathos is generated while there's nothing on screen but violence and mass panic.
...Steven Spielberg's shortest film since the early '90s - yet the film still sports the same sort of uneven pace that's been plaguing his movies for years now.
falls way short on ideas, character development, and creative wonderment
You could do a whole lot worse if you're looking through generic science fiction or disaster movies, but Steven Spielberg's standards are usually much higher than this.
Ho hum story, generic fireworks.
The man who gave human dimension to the effects of holocaust in Schindler's List has now prostituted human extermination for entertainment. Bread and circuses, indeed.
People will nit-pick at the plot and the script... but you can't look at what Spielberg has put together in the first two-thirds of this film and not be humbled and amazed.
Only a master film-maker could squeeze white-knuckle terror out of an old war-horse like H.G. Wells' "War of the Worlds."
Gritty visuals, paired with awesome sound design, create a trepidation that at moments rises to a quality we haven't seen in a Spielberg film since 1977.
What comes next is a prolonged look at unthinkable devastation, structured as one family's troubled dynamics.
This sense of constant anxiety is the most potent effect of the film.
Spielberg seldom gives Cruise, not to mention the audience, a break from the unstoppable peril of merciless invasion.
Forget the story and go for the ride. 'War of the Worlds' is a great summer thriller.
It may be no coincidence the president's poll numbers and the movie industry's ticket sales are both in a slump: Doom-and-gloom scenarios are playing out offscreen and on...
Rather grim, joyless excitement… 9/11 imagery gives the film some topical cache, but there's no commentary or catharsis here.
The good parts are really good and the bad parts are really bad.
War of the Worlds confronts the West's collective feelings of vulnerability but at the same time it reassures our potential for survival.
Never Before Has Spielberg so Tragically Shot Himself in the Foot with his Ending and Never before have I been so Willing to Forgive.
Most of the film is utterly terrifying. On that level, Spielberg has succeeded totally....Where the film runs into problems is in the overall pacing and structure.
There's not much plot, depth or character development, but it more than makes up for it in relentless intensity and consistency of vision.
Generates chills through eerie, ambient sounds, slow-panning camera shots and pants-pissingly scared characters . . . a nerve-gripping, full-throttle rollercoaster ride.
For all its technical beauty, there's something lacking. It often feels a bit like Spielberg phoned the film in or at the very least painted it by numbers.
[A] shockingly unimaginative remake.
The imagery is startling not just for its symbolic resonances, but for the breathless intensity with which it sears the screen.
The screenplay ... is more intimate, eschewing a worldwide coverage of the invasion. This concept makes the calamity more immediate, more personal.
Pitched at a level of interpersonal experience amid the mayhem, this blockbuster offers no sense of loss. Given its ending, you'd think the power had been out for a few days.
Spielberg directs his early scenes with a vigorous and absolute sense of terror.
The moment two youngsters appear more frightening than attacking aliens, you can't help suspecting there'll be additional moviemaking trouble ahead. And you're right.
My recommendation is tempered by the fact that this started off as a great movie and ended as little more than a piece of pleasant fluff.
an awesome summer movie that showcases a director and some actors at the top of their games.
... the inventor of the summer blockbuster directing the biggest movie star on the planet... It's big, it's loud, and it's what you expect an "event" film to be.
A sure-footed thrill ride with more suspense and spine-tingling scares than a Tom Cruise publicity junket.
Let Cruise rant and jump on furniture all he wants. So long as he can churn out movies like this one, he's free to make a fool of himself all he wants.
A Brick-breaking, glass-shattering, emotion-grabbing first half, stalls, then tailspins into a complete mess. Ending is as bad as the openning is good.
... like watching 100 minutes of the actual apocalypse and then switching to the climax of a sappy TV movie about parenting.
We watch as neighborhoods and hordes of innocents are decimated, and the way it's shot - close in, with shaky, handheld cameras - makes you feel every death.
This is Spielberg's finest hour since 1998's Saving Private Ryan.
Everybody wins with "War of the Worlds," a fast-paced summer blockbuster that will appeal to action, sci-fi and drama fans.
Be prepared for long intervals of holding your breath, because this is the real deal.
War of the Worlds may not stand up well to careful inspection and it may not be the smartest science fiction film brought to the screen, but it is an intense, visceral experience.
An unwieldy hodgepodge of spectacular set pieces and sappy family drama.
The beauty in this lesser in everything but the budget ($135 million) Spielberg film, is in the spectacle.
The balancing act between pleasing crowds and evoking larger human truths eventually escapes Spielberg's grasp, as it has occasionally in the past.
Good-naturedly bludgeons its audience with old-fashioned alien-invasion hysteria.
War of the Worlds is an attack-of-the-aliens disaster film crafted with sinister technological grandeur -- a true popcorn apocalypse.
Extravagant in movie terms but stingy in emotional ones, it embodies all of Spielberg's bad impulses and almost none of his good ones.
War of the Worlds' is a picture without a thought in its pretty head: the Tom Cruise movie to end all Tom Cruise movies.
An important film.
Meticulously detailed and expertly paced and photographed, with sights so spectacular and terrible that viewers will have to consciously remind themselves to close their mouths when their jaws drop open.
Technically flawless but not especially moving.
With the power of Spielberg and Cruise behind it, the sinister and tense War of the Worlds is this summer's blockbuster to beat them all.
It's on the road that War of the Worlds makes the jump from thrilling to frequently unpleasant, as Spielberg burdens the movie with Holocaust imagery and commentary about terrorism and wars of occupation.
Urgent and pungent.
As powerful a filmmaker as he is, Spielberg, with approximately two dozen features under his belt, remains a work in progress as a storyteller.
Its exploitation of tragic iconography -- just to amp up the screams, tug some tears and sell a few more million movie tickets -- should be deplored.
This is one genuinely scary, disturbing movie.
Spielberg shows that he remains the master of the form he virtually invented.
It unfolds in the angst-haunted shadow of the 9/11 terror attacks and teeters on a thin edge of sheer panic -- the carnage is no gleeful game and the devastation is so overwhelming that human defenses crumble like sand.
When it comes to searing and iconic visual imagery, Spielberg is still the best filmmaker around.
Steven Spielberg's War of the Worlds is a close encounter of the blurred kind, an orchestration of chaos and panic and destruction as visceral as it can get.
In terms of sheer spectacle alone, War of the Worlds is a winner. If this movie doesn't help stop or turn around the box-office slide of the past few months, then Hollywood really is in big trouble.
It's the movies' ultimate disaster epic: a genuinely unsettling movie experience that uses the new technology to create an alien invasion of unprecedented scale and realism.
Spielberg is pretty much incapable of making a terrible movie anymore. But he has plainly forgotten a lot of what makes a good popcorn movie since his Jurassic period. Where's the fun?
This disappointing War of the Worlds limps to a conclusion that mercifully insures there will not be a sequel.
In the first two acts, the movie is rousing summer fare.
Fantastic and banal, terrifying and occasionally dull, pure Spielberg and yet at times anonymous, War of the Worlds delivers multiple viewing experiences during its two-hour running time.
...the film's only sublime moments happen in scenes where the population gets blown up.
The movie is no fun. There's none of the spirited adrenaline you expect from a bang-up blockbuster. I've docked it a star or so because it is nasty and mean-spirited, and plays on shocking allusions to 9/11 imagery.
War of the Worlds is the kind of movie Spielberg can make in his sleep, which may be why it feels like we are sleepwalking while watching it.
It is nerve-wracking and gripping and draws specific parallels, both dramatically and visually, to 9/11, but never in a way that seems anything but natural.
Much is destroyed in Steven Spielberg's War of the Worlds, but the movie never quite delivers an emotional knockout blow.
In his latest science-fiction epic, director Steven Spielberg shows he's better at blowing up the world than anyone else alive. Unfortunately, he also shows he has no idea how to put the world back together.
This is B-movie material all the way, yet it's not only watchable, it's engrossing. That's because the material is in the hands of an A-talent director, who knows, as few of his contemporaries do, how to manipulate the plastic qualities of a film.
Spielberg, whose previous alien visitation movies (E.T. The Extra-Terrestrial and Close Encounters of the Third Kind) are considerably more benign than this film. But he does this more mature, nightmarish material nearly as well.
Wow, indeed.
In the second half of the film, the wind starts to go out of Spielberg's sails.
War of the Worlds can be a nightmarish trip, but it's a terrific film, a blockbuster that lives up to its billing.
A first-class pop entertainment packed to the brim with astounding effects and near-non-stop action and suspense.
War of the Worlds pushes some of the right buttons and enough of the wrong ones to make you wish that Spielberg would move on from aliens already and use his unparalleled talents to focus once more on earth.
...wowing enough to silence rude, modern movie audiences in their seats.
The real hero of this film is Steven Spielberg. It's not the best Spielberg film out there, but there are pieces of it that are truly monumental.
[Spielberg is] in absolute visual, physical command of this material, presenting the complete chaos and destruction with frightening clarity.
War is a blast.
The ending fizzles... war should end in a victory that you can feel superior about and celebrate. It's close, but this encounter didn't rock my world.
Earth goes to war, but Spielberg merely goes back to his aging bag of tricks.
THE definition of escapist summer movie and a triumph for director Spielberg. It is a stunner and a half.
Spielberg and his team are master filmmakers, and it's a pleasure to see them work
[A] wonder of contemporary, big-budget Hollywood filmmaking -- it's its own antithesis at the same time it's a stunning example of it.
Delivering much more than a sci-fi extravaganza for the age of terrorism, Spielberg keeps us rooting for a family facing danger from without and distress from within.
The title of the film is misleading. This is not a film about war. This is a movie about extermination.
W.o.w.
Make E.T. a bad dude whose momma never loved him and we're talking real scorched-earth policy here ... These guys are dividers, not uniters.
The first two acts are overpowering specimens of effects-amped, screen-incinerating hysteria.
It's refreshing for a change to see an apocalyptic vision that doesn't include shots of prominent world monuments being obliterated.
It's tiring, stressful and just plain not much fun to watch a 10-year-old scream in total terror for almost two hours.
May give the kids nightmares but it won't turn on your 'heartlight'.
Some of the director's finest thriller-style work in years.
There's plenty of blood, most of the cast of thousands die, and some of the images are just plain disturbing...I loved it.
Stunning. ... Fanning gives such an authentic portrayal of a terror-stricken child that you might want to call Family Services on her behalf.
May be the most efficiently built engine of escalating terror you will ever encounter. But Spielberg's technique serves no purpose this time except the visceral.
The destruction is so vivid and quick, and the CGI looks so real that somewhere Independence Day is whimpering in the corner.
Spielberg hits almost all of the right notes with this film, the last 1/2 hour makes almost no sense, leaving you wondering what the heck just happened?
Almost good enough to make you forget its director is an overrated egomaniac and its star is a self-righteous nut.
[O]nce you get over your initial sense of awe at the special effects, you're left with the feeling that you're being hit over the head repeatedly.
...while his "War's" waging, Spielberg will have you by the throat.
Unsatisfying combination of freeze-dried family troubles and enormous, thudding monsters... The flat finale... manages to somehow be syrupy and cheesy at the same time.
It's a perfect fireworks show for the long July 4th weekend, but as with even the most spectacular fireworks, it was not built to last.
Mars Annoys!
What - what - have they created here? Really folks, I'm at a loss...
Answers the question: How does a working-class guy handle an alien invasion, destruction of Earth, and disrespectful kids?
Para não ofender a sensibilidade dos espectadores (ou a própria), Spielberg acovarda-se diante de cenas que exigiriam crueldade absoluta.
Spielberg's technical skills are second to none, and his childlike love for a good story remains intact in this marvelously entertaining, 90-percent-satisfying blockbuster.
Spielberg effortlessly centres on the human drama amid the astounding imagery. So it's a pity the adaptation of HG Wells' classic novel becomes so contrived.
Even hostile invasions need a bit more character and plot development.
An unending heart -pounding; adrenalin pumping; sweaty palms inducing ride . It's what summer movies should be like.
A problematic blockbuster with one essential saving grace: It's profoundly frightening in a way that few directors have the talent to capture.
Worlds makes for one of the strangest and bleakest productions ever to market itself as summertime movie entertainment.
96% of the movie works so damn well that you'll be more than willing to forgive the 4% that does not.
It makes Independence Day look like The Muppet Movie.
A disturbing account of Earth being thrown into the fan from a master filmmaker ready to take the darkness of our existence to places we may not be ready to confront.
War of the Worlds takes one of our deepest global fears, the threat of annihilation, and gives us a catharsis when humanity reasserts itself.
Has all the mechanized ingenuity of one of those dazzling Tripods, but the bigger they are....it's the gutless ending that renders War of the Worlds most insulting.
War of the Worlds does what it was made to do: Entertain.
Leave it to Steven Spielberg to turn the end of the world into a treatise on responsible parenting.
the greatest alien invasion movie ever
The images are fresh and imaginative and yet perfectly believable, mixing the normal with the inconceivable,
War of the Worlds is a big, clunky movie containing some sensational sights but lacking the zest and joyous energy we expect from Steven Spielberg.
Overlooking a disappointing conclusion, War of the Worlds is a marvelous entertainment of imagination, edge-of-your-seat suspense, and surprising thoughtfulness.
Event movies as brilliantly executed as War of The Worlds come by very, very rarely indeed. Easily one of the finest disaster movies of all time.
A tension-filled thriller. Prepare to be terrified!
This anti-Close Encounters is a spectacular technical exercise, but in the final analysis it's as loud and soulless a piece of equipment as the aliens' Tripod Death Stars.
Spectacle filmmaking of the highest order.
Drawbacks aside, with War of the Worlds, Hollywood is calling on Spielberg to deliver this summer's blockbuster, and he accomplishes the task. The movie is solid all the way around, and Spielberg's touches are everywhere.
Steven Spielberg's meticulous, thrilling and chilling War of the Worlds is a testimony to tension.
Golly, is it too much to expect more character dimension than this from the director of "Schindler's List"?
War of the Worlds is easily the most bone-chillingly scary movie Spielberg has made, but it also taps into an unsettling kind of fear that never goes for the cheap thrill. The dread Spielberg conjures is horribly personal.
Spielberg seems to have resigned himself to the fact that he'll never match the impact of the radio show, but he's making no bones about going after that FX Oscar.
Spielberg is the only one who can mess up a Spielberg film.
With War of the Worlds [Spielberg] has made what is arguably one of the best 1950s science fiction films ever.
Steven Spielberg's reasonably entertaining rendering of the 1898 H. G. Wells novel is an elemental story of predator and prey.
It's the human struggle that makes this a sci-fi masterpiece.
When the guy who made Saving Private Ryan uses the word 'war' in a title, audiences should believe him. War of the Worlds is brutal.
War of the Worlds reinvigorates the pulse-racing thrill and unalloyed paranoia of vintage '50s sci-fi.
Steven Spielberg returns to the scary territory of Jaws and Jurassic Park and once again proves himself to be the most gifted movie entertainer of his generation.
We knew Spielberg had action chops, but didn't know he had this in him. This anti-E.T. is so rigorously realized it makes Independence Day look like Finding Neverland.
Tom Cruise gives one of his most intense performances, and the visual effects have enough high-tech power to make an army of interstellar invaders cringe.
When it's in full throttle, there's not been and probably won't be a better action movie out there this summer.
Exploring the dark side of his old films E.T. The Extra-Terrestrial and Close Encounters of the Third Kind, Spielberg more than does justice to the granddaddy of all alien-invasion tales, H.G. Wells' still terrifying novel published in 1898.
A gritty, intense and supremely accomplished sci-fier about some distinctly unbenign alien invaders.
War of the Worlds makes A.I. look like it ends well.
If Jurassic Park was Jaws with claws, War of the World is E.T. gone bad, a big, noisy, scary sci-fi with dazzling technology that overwhelms the simplistic story and personae
It's a rare thing -- a summer movie that demands to be taken as a serious emotional experience.
a roller-coaster of special effects as Ray and his family escape from ever more hair-raising dangers in ever more improbable, but oddly fun ways.
Spielberg has not only touched the nerve of the American psyche, he has ripped it out, stomped on it and beat it with a club for a full two hours. This is the doomsday hour
...inspires the same jaw-dropping awe as Jurassic Park and Close Encounters both did with the same mix of fantasy, horror, and the regular guy.
War of the Worlds is a terrific film for the first 100 or so minutes. Unfortunately the movie's 117 minutes long and those last 17 minutes are just plain horrible.
Both epic and intensely personal - a near-impossible balancing act that Spielberg executes brilliantly for the first 100 minutes.
Se diga lo que se diga, captará audiencias que, como si huyeran de los extraterrestres invasores, abarrotarán las salas y se sumergirán en la tibia oscuridad...
Complete nightmare fertilizer
The flick is undeniably fun and Spielberg's dusted off magic still works.
Spielberg seems to have totally forgotten that he's a wuss, and plays this like the Holocaust and 9-11 combined.
...everything you'd look for in a summer blockbuster and more!
Cruise and Fanning give Oscar-caliber performances. The special effects are mind-boggling. This is a thoroughly enjoyable film if you forget the silly Hollywood ending.
A piece of perfectly realized, pure entertainment.
If you like heart attacks with your movie-nights out, then sign yourself up for the war.
War of the Worlds is, hands down, the best big budget film of the summer. Maybe the year. Spielberg has crafted a real classic.





@highlight

Steven Spielberg's adaptation of War of the Worlds delivers on the thrill and paranoia of H.G. Wells' classic novel while impressively updating the action and effects for modern audiences.