Tired though its poop jokes may be, this movie techcrunchdisrupts the palliative, if retrograde, formula of previous genre classics to deliver a bracing shot of Trumpian cynicism.
Why Him? is part of a promising premise, although it makes the mistake of simply repeating the formula that "works", without developing its innovative potential... [Full review in Spanish]
I will say Why Him? was definitely a good time...
... it's simply the classic battle of Family Man vs. Freak Show, and it is 100% one of the funniest films of the last year.
A crass comedy as obnoxious as its lead character.
John Hamburg's R-rated comedy shuffles out a tired premise, re-sets it at the holidays for maximum last-reel feels and hangs it with a slew of witless gags (now with more profanity!).
Still, looking at the number of tantalizing movies being released alongside Why Him? on December 23rd, why this movie?
Moviegoers can do better.
Painfully dull, excruciatingly unfunny and mind-numbingly frustrating, there's a multitude of reasons why you'll be left asking, "Why did I even bother?"
Park your brain in the right gear and Why Him? does deliver some laughs, although it might have felt like more if 20 minutes and a bizarre cameo from the heavy-metal band Kiss had been cut from its overlong running time.
The light-hearted movie touches on the topic of accepting others, and it manages to get the message across. It is not great, but it is not that bad either.
As for the overall premise? Treating women like property? Not. Feeling. It.
The more Franco swears or flashes his tats, the less funny things become, although Keegan-Michael Key as Laird's wacky assistant does raise the odd chuckle with his Pink-Panther-style, martial-arts ambushes of his boss.
I recommend it with reservations, although I am also reserving the right to feel, someday, probably sooner rather than later, embarrassed for laughing at it as much as I did.
The script supplies some funny gags, but they're terribly overworked and come with a welter of unnecessary comic scaffolding.
If, at the end of Cranston's run on "Breaking Bad," we all wondered whether he'd ever find a movie role as good as Walter White, this one is cause to shake our heads sadly.
A romantic comedy with disparate characters, in which we can see that times are changing and now the father of the bride passes from being dominating to be the one dominated. [Full review in Spanish]
A comedy where Franco's unquestionable talent is buried under a rough and crude script, and Cranston looks uncomfortable at all times. [Full review in Spanish]
Franco might as well be a grinning, swearing dashboard ornament, but at least former Malcolm in the Middle fans can look forward to a very Hal reaction while on the sensorily precise Japanese bidet.
A comedy filled with crazy gags that also raises ideas with substance like the generation gap between its characters. [Full review in Spanish]
A film that will not give you much and also the positive things in it are scattered among a nonsense that, at least, never becomes offensive. [Full review in Spanish]
Why Him? may offer some laughs, but it's definitely not a memorable comedy. [Full review in Spanish]
A comedy that stretches more than advisable, but compensates with good interpreters and some inspirational passages. [Full review in Spanish]
Franco and Cranston are a charming odd couple who are more than capable of carrying this silly little film.
A mostly interminable experience...
The biggest crime committed is having Bryan Cranston wasted in a straight-man role when he has so much more talent than the literal toilet humour he's given to work with. Avoid at all costs.
If the film drags a little at the end, it's perhaps because the film-makers were enjoying the company of these characters as much as the audience undoubtedly will.
The casting is almost too good. The title could easily refer to Cranston: why would such a talented actor take on a humiliating, thankless role? Unsurprisingly, he nails the straight man.
One hardly expects a film like Why Him? to be high art, which is another way of saying that if you approach it in the right spirit (and with enough drink inside you) this well-timed holiday release should provide guiltily entertaining fun.
There are moments in "Why Him?" in which Cranston is so much better than what the material calls for or deserves that his ability as an actor becomes funny in itself.
The question asked in the movie title never gets answered in the movie. Just like Ned, audiences will remain bewildered by Stephanie's undying devotion to Laird even after the film ends.
You know exactly where Why Him? is going from the opening moments, but there are some filthy curves and gonzo detours along the way.
Vulgar and in dire need of an original joke, Why Him? is one big fat miss.
Why me? That's what you'll ask while you endure this disgusting 'comedy.'
Stay Away From "Him."
What it does have going for it is some decent sparring between Franco and Cranston, both of whom are much more suited to the exaggerations of comedic acting.
Franco's pretty good at comedy and has fun playing the obnoxious but decent Laird. Though the cast in general do their best, it's all in the service of a flabby, aimless script.
Despite some painfully amusing awkwardness, this proud collection of gross-out gags and bodily-function humor strains to be edgy and outrageous but winds up running out of gas.
Why Him? has all the flaws you'd expect, from the non-existent visual style to the shortchanging of the women in the cast.
An apparently rebellious film, but unfortunately ends up abusing of eschatological humor. [Full review in Spanish]
Nothing if not formulaic, but it has its passing charms...Ultimately, the hacky plot (partly credited to Franco's buddy Jonah Hill) is also too primal not to work...
We do not predict a lifespan to compare with that of Meet the Parents.
Sad to say, even The Internship was smarter, and funnier, about Silicon Valley stereotypes than this.
"Why Him?" follows a well-worn formula, but writer-director John Hamburg has a knack for putting his characters in gross and embarrassing situations for maximum comedic effect.
A smart gen-gap tale with loveable characters.
In a prime example of comic alchemy, Bryan Cranston and James Franco bounce off each other splendidly in a raucous, adult-only comedy where, once again, a naughty veneer encases a film with a healthily conservative message.
I'm not going to lie. I laughed - just not as frequently or as hard as I would have liked to.
Why Him? Why me?
The film has hilarious moments but much of the comedy of the film relies on uncontrolled eschatology. [Full review in Spanish]
About that bathroom humor, 'Why Him?' deserves to be flushed away.
This is modern, old-fashioned fun, and I hope Franco keeps making films such as this.
Why Him? falls victim to its genre's clichés, but Cranston and Franco make for an entertaining odd couple comedic pairing.
Too much of this comedy feels rushed and slapped together.
It's lowbrow but energetic.
Audiences in search of escapism will find plenty to chuckle at as things spiral ludicrously out of control.
Fun for some but not for anyone not in tune with the humor of Seth Rogen, James Franco, Jonah Hill, Kevin Hart, Will Farrell and others of the new breed of movie comedians.
The boring parts of the movie water the good parts down, leaving a whole that's a solid have-it-on-in-the-background-on-Netflix option, but not something to spend $10 on in a theatre.
Cranston starred in sitcoms like Malcolm in the Middle before Breaking Bad gave him the role of a lifetime. He's such a talented performer he doesn't need writers as good as Vince Gilligan. But he needs better than this.
Why Him? works best when it rides on the interplay between Cranston and Franco, where the film effectively acts as a marathon in paternal terror.
Outrageous, sexualized and gross-out bits can only carry a film so far, and it's the rest of the material that ultimately shortchanges and undermines the offering. (Full Content Review for Parents - Sex, Profanity, Nudity, etc. - also Available)
All I want for Christmas is a good mainstream Hollywood comedy, but I guess I'll have to be gracious and accept "Why Him?" It's passable - not a lump of coal in the stocking, but a pair of cheap socks that don't quite fit.
[E]veryone involved here goes through their motions with the attitude that there's a paycheck either waiting for them at the end of this or already safely deposited in the bank.
Unexpected fun.
The leads are all fine, especially Franco, but the screenplay is really not worthy of any of them.
Why us?
It all works in theory. But the execution's off.
Uneven but funny enough ...
Like "Meet the Parents," but littered with F-bombs, "Why Him?" is a holiday comedy that never quite figures itself out.
The laughs are scattershot, but the tone is good-natured, and the humor isn't cruel.
I was not expecting to enjoy this film, but I have to admit, Why Him? is likeable and funny. While the film isn't destined to be a critical darling, it succeeded in making me laugh
The world would not have been poorer if it had never been made, but for those seeking undemanding laughs during the holiday season, it will likely do the trick.
For this puerile farce, director John Hamburg recycles a tired premise -- a straitlaced father disapproves of his daughter's freewheeling boyfriend -- and then drowns it in moose urine (really).
Luckily for Franco, Cranston makes for the perfect comic foil in Why Him?. That craggy, lived-in face can launch a thousand laughs with a simple squint of the eye, cock of the brow, or clinch of the jaw.
Those who find humor in Franco's dude-bro antics or Cranston's slow-burn gruffness will find plenty to laugh at. Those who don't are advised to go elsewhere.
Why Him? is a guffaw-inducing comedy from the Meet the Parents franchise writer John Hamburg, who brazenly cannibalises his own material with mostly pleasing results.
A man is driven to breaking point and forced to make questionable professional choices as a means of providing for his family, is one way to describe Bryan Cranston's transition to film following the end of Breaking Bad.
Why Him? It's a question fans of Breaking Bad might ask of Bryan Cranston upon watching this sluggish, over-long, laugh-light Christmas comedy.
Hamburg's always reaching for poo-based humour in his more desperate moments - fully a third of his worst movie, Along Came Polly, was spent hanging out in loo cubicles with Ben Stiller's irritable bowels. Must we again?
A disposable bit of Yuletide fun.
What say we tiptoe quietly away and pretend this movie never happened?
Why Him? never answers its central question satisfactorily, nor does it justify the unfunny attempts to solve the conundrum
Fans of ribald, gross-out humour looking for light seasonal fare with a mildly redemptive message will find Why Him? a wildly entertaining jaunt.
Why him? More like Why Me?
Why Him? doesn't reinvent the raunchy Christmas-themed comedy, but like a visit home for the holidays, it proves to be (oddly) comforting.
If the movie's climax relies on conning your famous friends to make an appearance, it might be better to shift those funds toward a rewrite.
There's a more detailed, relatable picture in there somewhere, but Hamburg doesn't have any interest in finding it. He's too busy dreaming up ways to keep Bryan Cranston struggling on a toilet.
Why Him? may be the funniest new film you'll see this or any other Christmas.
Why watch "Why Him?"
Hardly the triumphant return to comedy Bryan Cranston deserved. But it does have intentionally funny James Franco.
A feeble string of raucous slapstick sequences, embarrassing scatological gags and cheap sexual jokes [that's] likely to leave you depressed rather than cheered.
"Why Him?" rarely delivers more than a half-chuckle. Right now, everyone involved might be thinking, "Why me?"
Not as wild as intended, but reasonably diverting just the same.
Proving definitively that slapping Mr. Franco's scenery-eating grin on any old drivel doesn't guarantee entertainment, "Why Him?" is trite, crass and insultingly moronic.
Cranston is an old hand at comedy, having spent seven seasons stealing every scene of Malcolm in the Middle, and he generates strong chemistry with Franco.
It's an old trope and Why Him? certainly doesn't set out to reinvent the wheel, settling for some cheap laughs and appealing performances. But sometimes, that's enough.
Feel-good Christmas comedies don't come quite so feel-nauseous as this.
As a famous critic once said of a Broadway play, "What's funny isn't original and what's original isn't funny." That applies to Why Him? in spades.
Why Him? Why this?
This holiday movie would have to improve 1,000 fold to reach the level of merely being awful.
Cranston's mastery of the slow burn coupled with discomfited politeness makes the most of a script that regularly goes off the rails into crass and scatological shoals.
The limited pop culture references and focus on its talented supporting players give Why Him? a charm that doesn't bury its insight.
Why Him? is a very crude and intermittently very entertaining seasonal comedy that plays like an adult version of Meet The Parents.
Funny but formulaic comedy has lots of crude material.
"Why Him?" has little curiosity about the impulses that drive its characters, relying instead on stale generation-gap humor.
It's awfully difficult to root for Laird, though, when Franco plays him as he does every role in every broad comedy in which he appears - as an unfiltered, foul-mouthed buffoon.
Lacking in imagination and leaning a lot on more skilled comedians, Why Him? really asks, why bother?
Disgusting and outrageous does not equal funny, no matter how much moose urine you pour onto it.
Genuinely hilarious comedy pitting Bryan Cranston vs James Franco in a battle of wits between dad and daughter's boyfriend. Some classic comic set pieces make you forgive the film's occasional trips over the top.
Why Him? is the best Judd Apatow movie that Judd Apatow had nothing to do with: it's sweet, raunchy, big-hearted, and very, very funny.
What was Bryan Cranston thinking?
While the specific gags change, the broad strokes of every seen-before, sitcom-style, meet-the-parents fare typically stay the same.
Like Meet The Parents on LSD, laced with rat poison.
It's bizarre enough to lose yourself in and forget, for just a little bit, how insufferable Franco is.
Not funny, not funny, not funny, not funny, not funny.
Why Me? sputters around the 90 minute mark, when raunchy ideas and even the funniest execution often expires. Before then, Cranston and Franco earn plenty of guilty laughs, doing what they do, one less often than the other.
This is a perfect role for Franco, whose seedy charms are well utilized here, a mixture of sincerity, over familiarity and vaguely off-putting sexuality...
There is a passable 85-minute comedy in here, caked in an additional 30 minutes of flab. Call it a dad-bod comedy.
Blatantly crass, crude and raunchy, it's only occasionally amusing, prompting the question: Why bother?
While there are undoubtedly laughs to be had, here's a comedy suffocated by its very own sense of unoriginality.
After an increasing cavalcade of flatly crass visual gags featuring high-tech toilets, moose urine and poorly-timed sexual shenanigans, Why Him? collapses the way so many R-rated comedies do.
A breezy, likeable comedy with the potential to make both slackers and old schoolers smile.
Why Him? painfully runs out of ideas and steam as it progress, quickly becoming insipid and flat and leaving you aghast at how much it wastes the combination of James Franco and Bryan Cranston.
The question in this movie's title gets a lot of use. A version of it could also apply to pretty much everyone involved, especially Cranston.
Bryan Cranston and James Franco valiantly but fruitlessly give their all in this overprotective-dad comedy that is many times more conventional than it pretends to be.
This is the kind of movie where an early-on mention of the band KISS must result in a late-movie KISS karaoke performance, dress-up scene, and/or band appearance.
Thanks to strong supporting performances from Keegan Michael-Key, Megan Mullally, and Zoey Deutch, and the film's acute observations about its two lead characters, it stands out as one of this year's stronger comedies.
While Cranston, Mullally, Key and (occasionally) Franco get chuckles, Why Him? is a total disservice to Deutch.
In true Hollywood fashion, they get him right, but not her.
Ventures into some corny (yet sweet) territory in resolving its central conflict, but it throws enough laughs at the viewer that at least some of them land.
Its comedy is rooted in a disdain for the Palo Alto types that Franco parodies; the white-collar types that Cranston embodies; and an audience who expected better from the actors who gave us Breaking Bad and Spring Breakers.
the ingredients are all here, making it even more puzzling that the movie falls as flat as it does
The title isn't the only "why" question viewers should be asking themselves.
The film is surprisingly amiable, thanks to the commitment of its lead actors and its refusal to condescend to its characters.
There are plenty of chuckles sprinkled throughout the bloated running time of Why Him?, but it never finds that sublime sweet spot where the chuckles become sustained laughs.
Why bother?
It's sadly just as bad as the trailers have suggested...
For a movie that is essentially a reverse Meet the Parents, it is remarkable how the very writer of Meet the Parents doesn't seem to understand how Meet the Parents works.
For airplane viewing or something to stream, the answer is: Sure, why not?
Unfolding like a half-hearted remake of Meet the Parents for the Judd Apatow generation, this battle between James Franco and Bryan Cranston makes for a fitfully funny stalemate.
The results are particularly cringe-worthy since they so frequently waste the talents of James Franco and Bryan Cranston, here forced to inhabit lazy generational stereotypes that never resemble legitimate human beings.
Why Him? plays a fairly one-note game that gets tiresome halfway through, which is sadly still better than most comedies put out this year.
It's bluntly cheeky, it goes on for too long, but the concept keeps on giving.
Almost nothing anyone does registers as recognizably human; it's all just a pretext for yet another round of envelope-pushing outrageousness.

@highlight

Solidly cast but overall misconceived, Why Him? offers the odd chuckle, but ultimately adds disappointingly little to its tired father-vs.-fiancé formula.