... an intelligent combination of small details, coincidences and scenes of chilling realism. [Full review in Spanish]
Bayona never resorts to gore and prefers an approach based on the carefully built up suspense found in classic Hitchcock films; and much like Hitchcock, the story is based on a very viable Freudian premise.
The less you know of this film, the more you'll be surprised, shocked and, in the end, satisfied.
There are no monsters, or slashers, and yet the movie got under my skin so much so that it left me shaky as I walked out of the theater.
Though The Orphanage sticks fairly closely to a genre fomat, and the plot twists become a little predictable, the film packs surprises all the way to the end.
Let the anticipation of Bayona's next move begin.
By the time we reach the third act, this is less a horror film but a psychological study of a protagonist on the brink of emotional collapse.
A frightening movie that earns its scares the hard way, generating unbearable tension through artful technique instead of computer.
Spanish director JA Bayona's debut feature is an exceptionally effective and surprisingly moving ghost story that seasons its horror with a pervasive sense of grief.
The horror genre is not often known for its subtlety, but The Orphanage proves that sometimes it's more satisfying to squirm in your seat than it is to jump out of it.
This Guillermo del Toro-produced Spanish spook-'em-up re-opens the door to the chilly, bracing air of the old-school ghost story.
As director Juan Antonio Bayona proves with his astonishing feature debut, you don't need a rusty scalpel to reveal the inner workings of the human heart.
Bayona is a skilled technician, but seek elsewhere if you're hoping for the transporting originality of last year's Pan's Labyrinth.
This is a movie whose power and emotional pitch lie in the understated: the discreet performances, the lack of special effects, the laconic script.
Spanish horror films have a rich, still underappreciated tradition, but The Orphanage could have been made by any anonymous Hollywood hack
However, the creative trust hasn’t forgotten those who love their art served up rich in metaphor and message.
[A] pungent and scary film.
Superbly directed, genuinely creepy Spanish chiller with a strong script and a terrific central performance from Belen Rueda.
The Orphanage is simply content with getting through the entire story without tripping over its own flaws, and though it's definitely better than most supernatural thrillers, it doesn't belong in the same camp as del Toro or any of his films.
The picture is a creepily effective exercise in gothic technique.
At a time when American horror seems transfixed by graphic sadism, the acclaimed Spanish chiller El Orfanato harks back to an older tradition of psychological scares and things that go bump in the night.
The Orphanage is the first horror movie I've seen in a while that's scary enough to send people out of the theater.
[Director Bayona] has a fine career ahead of him.
The year's best horror picture is also one of the simplest.
Alas, there's no Ahhhh! moment at the end to justify the mounting tension.
You wouldn't think that a Spanish horror flick as high art, but in the case of The Orphanage, you'd be wrong.
It captures pure terror. It's horrific. That's horror plus terrific. It's almost impossible for a film like this to be lumped into the same category as...
The Orphanage [is] durable and engrossing, traits that help overshadow its genre-bound features.
This Spanish psychological mystery is captivating, creepy and hopeful.
Bayona never spoonfeeds the audience, giving us lots of latitude to exercise our imaginations and believe what we choose as the film builds to its devastating climax.
One of those rare moments wherein you actually believe your are seeing a ghost, not a Hollywood special effect.
As horror films go, this sits firmly at the classy end of the spectrum.
The Orphanage takes audiences on an eerie, involving and ultimately extremely moving journey into the underworld.
The Orphanage is all about atmosphere and giving audiences the heebie-jeebies. And on that level, it really works.
The film's writer and director (both first-timers under the patronage of Pan's Labyrinth ace Guillermo del Toro) both excel themselves at using familiar scary tricks to bring about totally unforeseen shocks.
The Orphanage is a visceral and well-crafted horror film that goes for the heart as well as the mind.
A pesar de las semejanzas con películas recientes del género (particularmente Los Otros), se trata de un relato eficaz, inquietante, sombrío, y finalmente triste.
What's even more disquieting is the persistent undercurrent of exploitation -- the mixture of grief and jarring shock effects and the pitiless use of a disfigured child as a source of horror.
The Orphanage goes beyond the superficialities of the average horror movie to delve into more important themes, such as grief and guilt.
It touches on primal stuff in terms of childhood, motherhood and the unknown.
Invisible friends, evil spirits and strange occurrences form part of the threads of this acclaimed %u2026 stylish and subtle film whose imagery lingers
The Orphanage proves the haunted house genre is alive and well - in the right hands.
A visually charged but psychologically hollow occult offering and horror rehash along the lines of, I see dead orphans.
Not only is the story spooky...there are several good shocks along the way that will knock you out of your seat.
The Orphanage is an effectively scary picture about guilt, retribution, and acceptance, and it shares some of the spectral potency of Alejandro Amenabar's The Others.
A good old-fashioned horror in the best possible way, this is a beautifully told, terrifying ghost story that lingers with you long after the shivers have stopped.
An extraordinary performance by Belén Rueda is the beating heart and tortured soul of The Orphanage.
Superb. Even the cliche spooky kids are handled with aplomb.
Haunting and heartbreaking, The Orphanage delivers a double whammy of chills both real and supernatural.
O espanhol Juan Antonio Bayona se une ao mexicano Guillermo del Toro e ao chileno Alejandro Amenábar no grupo de cineastas latinos com talento particular para o macabro.
An astoundingly well-made debut - even if The Orphanage is ultimately as empty as it is haunted.
Bayona successfully bathes his film in a very similar, Pan's Labyrinth ambience and generally proves himself a skilled acrobat in negotiating the material's triteness.
Belén Rueda, the film's star, is that rare woman in her 40s who is allowed to look naturally beautiful, with the lines of a woman in her 40s (even though she's playing a character who is 37).
This is the worst sort of horror film, one that cloaks its shameless pulls at the heartstrings in overemphatic sound design, hyped-up visuals, and a tear-streaked lead performance by Belen Rueda.
A spectacular entry into the horror thriller genre, The Orphanage twists and turns and gives the audience some truly scary and sorrowful moments.
an often chilling story that never sags and ultimately supplies a surprisingly moving ending that marries life and death, past and present
The historical details and enthralling magic of Guillermo del Toro's own productions are missing, and it's more reliant on boo scares than its somber story can support. Yet an intriguing subtext, fierce lead performance and a perfect ending make it work.
At once mother and child, victim and antagonist, space and inhabitant, Laura is remarkable, but also traumatized and unnerving.
Poltergeist meets The Others in a satisfying story about what you believe... You'll never watch children playing "Red Light, Green Light" the same way again.
The kind of movie that reminds horror fans why they became hooked on the genre in the first place.
The best haunted-house-cum-ghost-movie I have seen in years.
In Spanish with subtitles, this magical, mystical tale seems anointed somehow with Del Toro's thick atmospheric elixir that served Pan's Labyrinth, Del Toro's unsettling Oscar-winner of last year.
Goes for the heart as well as the throat...
Unfortunately, the script lacks the artistry necessary to marry horror and drama.
Suspenseful and eerie, prepare to shudder - and weep.
The Orphanage is a thinking person's ghost story. It builds slowly and pays off stunningly.
The Orphanage contains jolts and gruesome moments. But most of the time, the film unsettles in quieter, more encompassing ways, its horrific qualities derived from implication instead of imagery.
As if more proof were needed that the best way to make a scary movie is through atmosphere, pacing and storytelling, rather than sudden violence, needless gore and random shocks, here comes The Orphanage.
What makes this bleak thriller, the feature debut by Juan Antonio Bayona, not like [other horror movies]? Partly, it is an ambiguous sense of portent that clarifies itself by growing more opaque.
The movie is so good at using its horror elements to explore deeper, less fantastical emotions. For all its bump-in-the-night suspense, The Orphanage is ultimately as much about motherhood and grief as it is about apparitions and shadowy corridors.
Goes for shock over substance.
The Orphanage works in large part because [the filmmakers] create horror through a slow tightening of tension rather than with lurid "gotcha!" moments. And because in Rueda they have a compelling and heartbreaking leading lady.
There's not too much original or surprising in the film.
A well-made, Spanish ghost story that will creep you out and draw you in.
I'd argue it's emotionally richer and more surprising [than Pan's Labyrinth].
Features a few decent chills and has a distinctive tone and look.
Adult horror returns to the screen with the crisp and frightening The Orphanage, a haunted-house tale about the dueling forces of childhood friendship and maternal love.
[Director] Bayona has fashioned an assured, even conservative piece of work, one that's lusciously filmed and more than a little terrifying but that in the end never widens out to greater art.
The sense that there's nothing we can do to protect ourselves and our loved ones may be why The Orphanage is one of the most frightening movies you may see this year.
The Orphanage is never less than engaging. Here and there it's even genuinely frightening.
Bayona throws in lots of slow creaks and clangs, the art-house-horror equivalent of the jump moment, but none of them can rouse the movie from its terminal emotional torpor.
The Orphanage is a classically creepy Spanish horror film and a joltingly modern one. It turns down the thermostat on its chill slowly, deliberately. That just makes the big frights all the more heart-stopping.
[Director] Bayona draws on everything from Peter Pan to Henry James's The Turn of the Screw, but it has a creepiness that's all its own.
By the end, you'll be chilled and disturbed by what you've seen -- and, rare as this is in a horror movie, touched to the heart.
The Orphanage (El Orfanato) is the rare horror film that breaks your heart even as it makes it race.
A deeply absorbing and heavily atmospheric yarn that offers several noteworthy plot pirouettes.
The del Toro touch spans every orifice of The Orphanage, from the elegantly gothic cinematography to the understated yet gnawing dread that expands throughout the running time.
When I first saw The Orphanage, I found it an overly clinical genre exercise whose sentimental moments felt forced, but it will also plant roots in your subconscious and linger there for weeks.
It all ends with what should be the bang of your heart pounding clean out of your chest but feels more like the fidgety whimper of restless kids with nowhere else to go.
Beautifully conceived and composed, it's eerie, sometimes frightening and surprisingly moving.
The Orphanage may take a couple of twists too many toward the end, but where it goes is effectively frightening.
As an addition to the psychological thriller genre, "The Orphanage" is a solid, well-rehearsed entry.
More suspenseful than scary, the movie is apt to disappoint anyone expecting to scream out loud in the theater. Nonetheless, it's effective at casting a creepy pall over the proceedings which permeates the picture for the duration.
The Orphanage avoids cynical gimmickry and condescension. It's harrowing in a more sophisticated way, and a fine example of why we've come to expect some kind of elegance from Spanish-language horror films.
The film is less of a shocker than an adventure in anxiety, testing and twisting some of the classic studies in infantile curiosity.
A creepy, spooky little movie.
...the movie leaves you feeling not simply wrung-out by shock and carnage, but genuinely spooked.
This Christmas, Spain has given the film world the best possible gift: a new and brilliant young director.
The truly disturbing element is the heavy reliance on childhood loneliness, fear and sickness.
This elegant, psychologically rich ghost story compares favorably with the best of the genre, including The Haunting (1963) and, especially, The Innocents (1961).
Like the best of horror films, it gets under your skin not with gore or cheap jolts but with an unnerving, ever-building tension, and with images that remain with you long afterward, interrupting your own quiet dreams.
Ms. Rueda is such a gifted actor that she keeps this movie alive through thick and thin.
Sergio Sanchez's richly ambiguous screenplay allows you to interpret what you are watching on both a supernatural and a psychological level, and either way is equally unnerving.
Despite a few bloodcurdling shocks, this handsome Spanish ghost story from producer Guillermo del Toro follows in the suggestive, richly romantic tradition of the old Val Lewton chillers.
In a genre that has been battered by the cheap grotesqueries of special effects, it is a pleasure to be unsettled by something as simple as an invasive beam of light in the shadows of a haunted house.
In a season filled with dark-themed films, it stands out as an elegantly mounted, surprisingly humane but terrifying horror thriller well worth seeing.
a spooky, slightly melodramatic movie that is part Hitchcock, part Poltergeist and all creepy.
Bayona has an amazing touch for color, light and darkness, sound, space and nuance, and his presentation of horror never tricks or insults the audience.
Whatever narrative missteps the film makes are almost totally irrelevant compared to its actual reason for being: to scare the audience ****less.
As tingly and creepy a ghost story as you could wish for.
By exploring the psychological terrain of a haunted woman, the movie brings a dimension of reality into this otherworldly situation.
Goes overboard on the deafening door slams and the hyper-amplified music to such an extent that concession stands should offer ground-up Tylenol as a popcorn topping.
Eerie, atmospheric...an unexpectedly poignant ghost story.
Of all the fright flicks that came out in the last 12 months, this is the one that made us hardened critics in the screening room literally jump in our seats.
The ghosts of so many other arty supernatural Spanish-accented thrillers crowd the room in The Orphanage that you may feel at first like you're at a séance presided over by Guillermo del Toro.
An emotionally resonant, nerve-jangling experience.
The Orphanage, a diverting, overwrought ghost story from Spain, relies on basic and durable horror movie techniques.
Plot details only hint at the subtle metaphors lurking in Sergio G. Snchez's script and the gut-wrenching jolts elegantly orchestrated by first-time director Juan Antonio Bayona.
Go see it already.
The last act is laced with surprises, but, unfortunately, none that you might call pleasant.
A tidy, if slow-moving ghost story that offers some modest chills, a couple of genuine shocks and an ending that will probably come as a letdown.
The Orphanage is the first film in many moons that reminds me of those terrific nail biters of yesteryear.
An unsettling, eerie story, reminiscent of Nicole Kidman's 'The Others'.
Saturated in anxiety and dripping with dread.
An effective mixture of horror and fantasy, with the supernatural bleeding into dreams that teeter on the brink of reality.
Creates some genuinely creepy moments and a sad tone of loss and remorse that elevates the tale beyond our expectations for the genre.
The Orphanage gets it exactly right; it builds suspense by sending out a disquieting vibe, then letting it slowly permeate your psyche before paying it off. This is one of the best ghost story films I've ever seen.
Unfortunately for Bayona, pretty much everyone will be able to figure out how events are going to play out after the first 20 minutes.
The theme of Peter Pan wafts through the story, which stays rooted to the boundary of fantasy and reality.
It creates a genuinely creepy mood and grabs you like a cold hand in the dark.
Since mainstream American horror's devolution... you have to tip your hat whenever an import attempts to maintain suspense and atmosphere instead, even when said import is an obvious retread.
It's a ghoulish page ripped from del Toro's recognizable cinema handbook, and while highly effective at times, the film suffers from red light/green light pacing, which eventually robs this eerie picture of ultimate disturbance.
[a] final lean towards the saccharine should have been cut with strychnine, but Bayona chooses sorrow and it works within his allegorical construct.
A series of serviceable creep-outs and jolts...the pretzel-shaped resolution feels like too little too late.
It will haunt you, rock you, and make hairs you didn't even know you have stand at attention in fear. Don't miss it.
A superior ghost story.
Once you get over the fact that it's not going to scare you one bit, it turns out to be a sort of mournful whodunit that you won't hate yourself for watching.
Generally it's a tautly unnerving and accomplished piece of work.
The Orphanage uses the supernatural to heighten anxieties over children in danger.
The Orphanage is first and foremost a weighty, at times heartbreaking, existential study of the frailty of life, the mysteries of death, and the knowledge of one's own mortality. It is also very, very scary.
No use wearing pants because The Orphanage will scare you right out of them.
... certainly among the [year's] best.
This psychological thriller is a superb tale of haunting and secrets, and it's intelligent from start to finish.
It all builds to a crescendo so soul-shattering I almost couldn't believe what I was seeing. While this twist isn't exactly a surprise, what is shocking is just how all-encompassing this emotional toll ultimately proves to be.
Pleasantly spooky debut from director Juan Antonio Bayona proves that even the oldest horror movie clichés are still effective in the right hands.
While the bulk of The Orphanage is obsessed with mystery and tension in its wicked wonderland setting, there is indeed gore and horror provided for the more bloodthirsty viewers.
Director Juan Antonio Bayona and screenwriter Sergio G. Sánchez ratchet up the tension to such excruciating heights that, while you're watching the film, your impulse is to scream out loud just to feel some sense of release.
An overproduced Twilight Zone episode -- and it might have been more satisfying had Del Toro conjured the ghost of Rod Serling and closed the movie with a monologue.
Without a doubt a ghost story intended for adults who like a little intelligence and flair to accompany those things that go bump in the night.
Will definitely be a great companion piece to the likes of "The Devil's Backbone" and "Pan's Labyrinth"...
The sort of edge-of-the-set supernatural thriller that is hypnotic.
Sanchez and Bayona never lose sight of the requirements of the genre, providing plenty in the way of seat-gripping tension and finding suitable shocks in the everyday.
Rueda runs through all the desperate-mother notes with the fine tuning of a pro despite a script that's a little less than virtuosic.
Bolstered by cinematic atmosphere so ripe you can practically pick it and eat it, The Orphanage is a deliriously delicious creep out.
Anyone who enjoys a good scare - and a good conversation - should see, and enjoy this latest addition to the Jamesian tradition of intelligent horror.
Stylistically impeccable and organically suspenseful, "The Orphanage" is a fun horror movie with well-placed shocks that will unnerve even the least suggestible audiences.
It never made me believe for a sec it was not nonsensical or had much to say that meant something.
Incredibly spooky.
Twisting too many specious screws too often, 'The Orphanage' is not innovative, though its atmospheric setting and the performance of Belen Rueda are impressive.
Will reduce a number of people in any audience to quivering jelly.
Cliches aside, this is a ghost story with class, with riveting acting by the central character, one which metaphorically deals with the pain of great loss.
Director [Juan Antonio] Bayona employs the visual language of horror films...with restraint and good taste.
A ghost story in which character motivation is haphazard and scares as scarce as narrative logic.
Rips off horror classics as far back as The Innocents to as recent as The Devil's Backbone, stripping them of their vibrant emotional connotations.
I'd venture to say there are more goosepimply moments and well-earned jolts in this picture than in your average year's worth of commercial shockers. And yet, it's also the only horror film in recent memory that brought me to tears.
...ultimately undone by its egregiously deliberate pace and pervading vibe of familiarity.
Del Toro's fingerprints are all over The Orphanage, but it's first-time feature director Bayona strikes a fantastic balance between well-earned chills and strangely heart-touching emotion.
This Spanish horror film slowly intoxicates the audience with suspense.
Absolutely terrifying and heartbreaking.
Never lets up as it keeps piling on the scares and surprises, as it builds to a surprisingly poignant conclusion.
While drawing on such classic children ghost stories as The Innocents and The Others, Orphanage, a highlight of this year's Cannes Fest Critics Week, establishes its unique text and tone due to its gifted Spanish director and producer Guillermo del Toro
The Orphanage is this year's Pan's Labyrinth. And that's the high praise indeed.
This first feature from Juan Antonio Bayona is an excellent exercise in the Spanish-language subdivision of the horror-ghost genre that Del Toro more or less single-handedly invented.
There will be moments so tense, you'll need to calm yourself by saying, 'It's only a movie!'
The children just want to come out and play, and so do the very clever filmmakers running The Orphanage, a fastidiously grim ghost story that rattles the bones of the haunted-house genre and finds plenty of fresh (but not too bloody) meat.


@highlight

Deeply unnerving and surprisingly poignant, The Orphanage is an atmospheric, beautifully crafted haunted house horror film that earns scares with a minimum of blood.