I can't think of anyone who would want to watch a film about the creepy 1980s comedy act Frank Sidebottom, except people really missing Jimmy Savile.
Michael Fassbender gives a virtuoso physical performance as the affable Frank: we may never see his face, but that doesn't prevent Fassbender from emoting or exhibiting impeccable timing.
Don't see this movie. Or do, because it's really good. But don't, because you will hate yourself afterwards.
Abrahamson eventually tells us the answers, but he's far more interested in dissecting the intricacies and dynamic of a band along the way.
Anyone who knows working musicians will be turned off by the spectacle of such self-defeating behavior. No professional musician would act like this.
Michael Fassbender's face is not at the centre of Frank, but his evocative physical performance proves the film's central thesis: success is about a lot more than a great face.
Abrahamson finds a wider range of emotion from Fassbender's dollhead than other directors do from an ensemble of players.
A finely grained ensemble piece, more sober than it needed to be, and more complexly engaging.
This is a fundamentally sad film, yet one full of slapstick, silliness, and laughter.
The film tries very hard for quirky, but (barely) manages annoying.
An oddball rock-and-roll-themed comedy-drama in need of the cult it may never attract.
Fassbender spends 99% of Frank wearing the over-sized head, commanding the room with eccentricities and musical chaos instead of handsome looks.
Fassbender gives a finely textured performance both in and out of the head.
Beneath those puppet-headed antics, and true to its title, Frank is improbably, disarmingly honest.
Michael Fassbender spends the majority of Lenny Abrahamson's irreverent comedy "Frank" buried underneath a giant plastic head, but the honesty of his performance is on full display.
The film's desire to reduce its cultural and artistic conflicts to simple one-on-one propositions gives the film a know-it-all air of superiority, likes it's the worst kind of rock snob journalism.
With the soulful Gleeson and a sweetly menacing Fassbender (under a giant helmet-head) at its center, the movie never loses its acerbic edge or its oversize heart.
Pleasingly and perhaps surprisingly, given the extremities of the material, the cast plays crazy with cool, measured aplomb.
It's heavier than a comedy about a gibberish-spewing guy in a giant head ought to be, but that's what makes it a thing of heartbreaking, oddball beauty.
Oddballs, this is the oddball movie of the year.
Fassbender was courageous to take on the role, and it may well come to be looked back on as among his greatest performances.
If you only see one movie this year that features an avant-garde band led by a man in a fiberglass head, please make it this one.
Even disguised, Fassbender is amazing, often revealing Frank's emotional extremes through body language alone. It's really something. And the music is awfully catchy.
Fassbender, his beautiful face hidden from view, gives a nuanced performance, relying on voice and body movement to convey Frank's mercurial moods.
Frank could never carry the this risky movie were he not embodied by a superb actor.
The movie has no clear through-line and an ambling nature that inspires more impatience than whimsy. But Fassbender is so good the whole thing still pays off.
It's a Music Movie and a Depression Movie, and a standout performance by Michael Fassbender even though he's wearing a silly paper mache thing on his head
A film ought to have something more to recommend it than a high degree of strangeness, but being strange is what this film is all about. Resistance to this film's goofy charm is futile.
Frank, like its central figure, is deeply weird, but in that special way that you simply can't avert your eyes from.
Frank is a movie so bizarre and strange that it's practically a miracle it got made at all
These characters end up feeling more than the sum of their parts even if the film containing them can never quite manage the same feat.
A very touching and funny musical story about not selling out.
It's an amusing examination of fame and the creative process with a most enigmatic character at its center.
It's the rambling middle section that sticks out, partially because of an emotionally satisfying final turn that keeps things appropriately dark. Being artistically pure is no simple thing, and Frankis an apt symbol for outsider artists everywhere.
Fassbender sings music from the fringe
There's more to the absurd than just amusement
an engagingly troubling film. Highly entertaining, wonderfully challenging, and clever in the way it subverts audience expectations with a macabre sense of glee.
Frank is profoundly weird -- and perhaps also weirdly profound.
It's sweet, just pithy enough, and brings a touch of critical sanity to the question of insanity as performance-it's a film that, you might say, has its head screwed on right.
This is a strange film for sure, but it's also a completely sincere and affecting one.
Frank is a film of questions, not answers.
Fassbender is brilliant beneath that absurd head, conveying all you need to know about Frank's joys and woes and troubled soul by his body language alone.
At its best, it's a quirky curiosity. At its worst, the film takes a compelling idea and cops out in the end.
The film finally demolishes the old rock 'n' roll stereotype that mental illness can bear the fruit of creative genius. I suspect the truth is closer to what one character says: "It slowed him down."
The whole thing is in danger of becoming arch and quirky, yet Abrahamson steers the final act of his drama toward a sombre, unhappy rumination.
"Frank" has a wry sense of humor, the ring of authenticity and glimmers of genuine wisdom.
It's weird, but in the most embraceable of ways, thanks to the presence of the always likeable Domhnall Gleeson and a more-vulnerable-than-you're-used-to Michael Fassbender.
A likable but ultimately slight arthouse comedy.
A quirky, weirdly funny tale with an underlying layer of deep melancholy, about the fragility not only of art but of the human psyche.
A diverting but vaguely penetrative picture that's so concerned with idiosyncrasy, it's missing consistency.
Though packaged for relative ease of consumption, Frank does manage to investigate the frontier between indie quirk and mental illness, the volatile combination of tortured soul and personality cult.
A movie that raises questions about creativity and mental illness in a celebrity culture.
There's a perseverance to "Frank" that's also uplifting, a true spirit of unity among the damaged.
Straddles the line between being a quirky examination of creativity and a distressing look at mental illness, without ever truly committing to either.
Both Llewyn [Davis] and Frank may embody the spirit of the difficult musician, but Frank...is a more empathetic and engaging character, making Frank, the movie, a more bleakly funny yet ultimately touching film.
The movie's hipness quotient far outweighs its laugh quotient, though there's really no limit to the amusement of seeing someone bump around blindly in an oversize head.
A quirky, utterly engaging film that manages to be amusing, dark, surprising and poignant without wasting a single one of its 95 minutes.
A functioning, funny, weirdly touching fable of artistic angst and aspiration, a meditation on fame and its terrors and the metaphoric usefulness of masks and huge fake heads.
Compelling and funny, thanks to the yin-and-yang dynamic of its two primary characters.
Ping-pongs between amusing and tiresome.
... the Hello Kitty effect: Just as the mouthless Kitty feels like you feel, so the unchanging expression of the plaster head that is Frank's primary feature can reflect whatever feeling you ascribe to it.
Syd Barrett...this one's for you.
Call it an offbeat psychological comedy, an off-balance dramedy with instrumental backing, a study in psychopathy, an amusement from a dark mind, or an adventure with a wannabe musician who gets a gig in the wrong (or, right) band.
"Frank" is a true original, a film that heads in one direction only to veer off in another, yet never loses sight of where it's going.
If Van Gogh had picked up an acoustic car, he'd be Frank, the eponymous rocker in this idiosyncratic Irish film from the talented Gaelic filmmaker, Lenny Abrahamson.
One gets a big head watching "Frank." Not to mention a swollen heart. But does size really matter? You bet it does, especially when it concerns Michael Fassbender.
Constantly engaging with a finale that will resonate in the hearts of everyone, Frank is a fascinating and touching exploration of music and sound that only a special kind of person can tune into.
The Soronprfbs may be the best fake on-screen punk band since the Stains.
A delightful, oddball surprise.
Odd, offbeat, somehow endearing, the bleakly comic "Frank" has its own kind of charm as well as some pointed, poignant things to say about the mysterious nature of creativity, where it comes from and where it might all go.
"Frank" might be a less cute movie without the mask but it would probably be a better one.
In the subgenre of movies that capture (or at least artfully dramatize) the birth of beautiful music, Frank is a stunner.
The movie roots the mask in mental illness without scanting Frank's artistic playfulness and power. The result is that rarity, a genuine pop tragicomedy.
Director Lenny Abrahamson finds plenty of humor in his band of misfit characters, but the movie doesn't treat their odd behavior as mere fodder for slapstick. The movie's heart lies in its understanding of their fragility.
Things go from cutesy to clever to grim, from the band's country shack to the road, and it takes too long to get everywhere.
In small movements - the twitch of a hand, a wobble under a door frame, a beer and straw held uselessly by his painted mouth - Fassbender gives us glimpses of what Frank's isolating genius has cost him.
Frank is a tribute to a way of life as much as to an individual.
Frank shines most brightly in its pitch-black moments.
Fassbender proves his range whether he's a mutant wearing a helmet...or a quirky lead singer wearing a mask.
"Frank" is a genuine original in a summer sea of sameness, and a darkly comedic manifesto against the cultural status quo.
The film slowly gets away from quirky and gets darker and darker, but never loses it's comic sensibilities.
A weird but accessible tale of a man who refuses to remove his mask.
As playful as it is, Lenny Abrahamson's film is mostly a surprisingly earnest story about the compromises and conflicts of art, stardom, and mental illness.
Being so close to these deeply miserable people made me feel smothered, and desperate for escape.
Strong performances from Gleeson and Fassbender -- both deviating from their respective rom-coms and Oscar-baiting dramas -- give us a quirky film about the maddening pursuit of fame.
You're in for something funny, touching and vital. Director Lenny Abrahamson knows his way around eccentrics.
A strange and wonderful movie drawn from an even stranger and not quite so wonderful real-life story.
a funny, goofy movie with some serious things to say about art and madness, band dynamics, broken dreams and selling out.
Always interesting, largely thanks to an entirely committed cast and a writer willing to play with themes like a band improvising until it finds the right tune.
Bat-dung crazy, in a good way, Lenny Abrahamson's Frank is the story of a pop star who really lets his art go to his head.
There's a giddy pleasure in seeing so much conceit and treacle-eyed greed ritually sacrificed at the butt end of genius. It's a welcome whiff of frankness in a largely Frank-less world.
That Fassbender plays the role of the disguised rocker fits well with the movie's tone: putting one of the biggest actors in Hollywood behind a mask lends a further rebellious streak to an already sardonic film.
It's not going anywhere terribly important and is in no hurry to get there, but "Frank" is an accumulation of memorably offbeat moments, like an album made up of B sides and lost demo tracks that you stumble across and can't stop replaying.
Even if Frank is a little too smitten with its own quirkiness, the film's examination of what matters in music - fame, money, sanity? - works as a kind of Behind the Music peek at a band's struggle for identity and devotees.
Less quirky than deadpan and absurdist, even darker than it initially lets on.
What chutzpah it takes to hire one of the world's most recognizable movie stars and then render him completely unrecognizable.
It's not the sort of festival favorite that will change an industry, make hundreds of millions or earn Oscars. What it will do is charm viewers who appreciate rough gems.
If Michael Fassbender wears a giant papier-mâché head for most of a film, is he still mesmerizing? Happily, yes ...
Here's a seemingly twee movie that ultimately, surprisingly argues that some music isn't for everybody, some people are too broken to fix, and some would-be artists are better off in the audience.
With Jon, rather than Frank, as the film's focal point, 'Frank' flails about trying to establish a consistent rhythm, but mostly ends up striking false notes.
Adorably, touchingly and musically...weird.
The film boldly raises the unanswerable question of whether it's better for an artist to safely isolate his work or tweak it a bit so as to share it with the world.
As compelling a film about music and its mad masters as they come.
A big group hug from the oddballs
"The question of why Frank's wearing a giant mask becomes deftly overshadowed by a host of potentially richer questions that turn the mirror on the audience."
A funny, first-class satire on the pop music business in which an avante garde band headed by a lead singer with a huge fake head he never takes off (Michael Fassbender) wrestles with the prospect of becoming popular.
The last-act turn into seriousness is a drag, but the movie rebounds with a final bit of uplift, so it leaves you a good taste in your mouth.
It's intriguing to contemplate the nature of Fassbender's performance, focused on voice and body language, as a fragile man who finds life easier to endure when he's both hidden and highly visible at the same time.
What they've managed is a fair portrayal of group dynamics among weird, artsy types; that it doesn't venture onward to any further points is mitigated by the fact that it feels real, if not profound.
Since watching the film, Frank has grown on me because of the weight of the ideas about creativity and complacency.
Frank isn't so much a film but a place where weird characters gather; and it's worth a visit.
Michael Fassbender covers up in Frank, though you could say that of any film he's done in the years since Shame.
Expect the unexpected in this extremely strange and off-the-wall tale in which music bonds a group of creative types who see the world through their own misshapen prism of expression. As for Fassbender, it's a masterful performance,
Michael Fassbender is fantastic.
Frank manages to get beneath the mask and the skin of its eponymous antihero in a manner that bridges the gap between absurdist laughter and all-too-tender tears.
Perhaps Chris Sievey would have appreciated the punk sensibility behind this approach but surely not Frank's inability to connect with anyone, outside his troupe of broken bandmates?
For all its dissonances, Frank is provocative and affecting.
Despite his exaggerated, expressionless appearance, Fassbender subtly conveys the sadder elements of this story about a man whose head begins to weigh heavily on his shoulders.
Frank's so quirky, it's a foible.
Music and mental illness collide in a comedy-drama that's weird but not always wonderful.
While this comedy-drama is sometimes wilfully absurd, it's also exhilarating cinema, telling its story with conflicting amounts of warm emotion and prickly abrasiveness.
An askew, bitter dramedy of artistic pretension and creative desperation that has something sneakily marvelous to say about what it takes - and what it doesn't - to be an artist.
The most impressive aspect of Frank is its seriousness about psychological illness.
Not like the usual music biopic... and profoundly the better for it.
Frank is a sweet, funny and deeply weird comedy with a winning performance from Domhnall Gleeson as a naive innocent negotiating the eccentric wonderland of rock and roll notoriety.
Acutely weird anarcho-punk mayhem.
Subtle and wryly amusing, this is a sympathetic glimpse into the ever-musing mind of an off-kilter genius...but how much it's an accurate reflection of the real Chris Sievey (who died of cancer in 2010) it's difficult to say.
Frank works as satire, as memoir, as comedy bromance, but it works mostly because it is just so weird: an anti-Dumas fable about a man who never removes a fake head.
By surreal indirection, it gets closer to the dreams and dynamism of rock wannabes than many a film with a more frontal, frowning brief.
It's a punchy, eccentric, zestily confident fable about the dividing line between having talent and having it not.
Abrahamson is a filmmaker with a nuanced sense of tone, and he handles the shift from surreal comedy to something deeper and more complex with a typically deft touch.
Fassbender's faceless performance offers a masterclass in body language, and that wide-eyed, open-mouthed mask invites band members, and viewers, to project their own readings.
Dreams of rock stardom become a warped reality in this barking-mad but affecting comedy about the side-effects of being a non-conformist genius.
Frank is probably the best film about what it feels like to be in a band since Slade's Flame (no, honestly).
It's the songs that are the film's biggest surprise. Abrahamson and his musical cast have made Frank's unpronounceable group Soronprfbs sound like a real band.
Now, about Frank. Abrahamson has done something quite brilliant with the casting here, akin to Spike Jonze using Scarlett Johansson's voice in "Her."
Taking us beneath the prop mask, in psychological rather than physical terms, Fassbender astounds with how much he's able to convey through movement and tone of voice, capitalising on dialogue that's extremely effective in its minimalism.
A memorable piece of cinema, that marks the continuos rise of one of Britain's most promising directors.
A story of musical chaos and mental instability that's often hilarious and ultimately really quite moving.
The film has many charming and affecting moments, but ultimately amounts to an uneven and tonally confused disappointment that is less than the sum of its parts.
If you're willing to go with that - an affectionate character study of a bloke in a massive papier mache head - you'll find Frank to be a richly rewarding film, and the title character to be one you can't help but fall in love with.
The film plays with our assumptions about the mythology of the pop star. Gleeson's character is constantly looking for his inspiration, but he's never quite on the right wavelength.
Darkly funny, whip-smart, impressively original and boasting one of Michael Fassbender's most towering performances to date, Frank just about has it all.
Endearing enough to plaster a smile on any face hiding beneath its own ever-grinning facade.
In the end, the film feels like a bit of a mashup, a mix of genres and tunes and tones that don't quite mesh, but nonetheless as experimentation is far from uninteresting.
A likely future cult-favorite. Fassbender gives the best performance ever given by an actor in a papier-mâché head mask.
The most unlikely music biopic you're ever likely to find.
The bizarrely brilliant Frank demonstrates that quirkiness need not be a four-letter word in the language of movies.
If you'll pardon the cleverness, Frank takes time to wrap your own cranium around, faults and all, and that's a wonderful thing.
A very meaningful film, but it also has a good beat.
A faceless Michael Fassbender stars in this weird and wonderful musical comedy from director Lenny Abrahamson.
Off-beat and punk-spirited, Sievey would no doubt approve of the tone and style of this movie.
An idiosyncratic glimpse into music and mental illness, "Frank" falters more than it soars, but it's intriguing watching this film follow the beat of its own unusual drum.


@highlight

Funny, clever, and endearingly unusual, Frank transcends its quirky trappings with a heartfelt -- and surprisingly thought-provoking -- story.