But all the silliness reminds us that there is no age limit on expressing your confident inner vixen - especially in these uneasy times.
Miguel Arteta furnishes the film with fantasy sequences - such as one involving stop-motion miniature models - that are more contrived than inspired.
An uneven story and crass comedy could leave viewers revolted.
Michael Cera adopts a mischievous alter ego in an attempt to reunite with his dream girl in a familiarly peculiar story.
Playing on feelings and impulses that I'm sure we all relate to, a witty and playful portrait of teen love emerges out of a less exciting teen comedy.
Nick Twisp is no Scott Pilgrim, but this is another witty ensemble comedy that successfully reinvigorates that most benighted of genres, the teen film.
Story of "bad-boy" teen is funny, but also rough and raw.
The movie doesn't pack the same punch as the book, but still manages to create a wildly entertaining blend of teen love, awkwardness and vulgarity.
Arteta's faithfulness to Payne's text, themes and visions never gel as a wholly satisfying film.
...an engaging and faithful adaptation of Payne's admittedly superior novel.
Michael Cera goes to the sweet-tempered high school persona well once (or twice) too often with, sigh, Nick Twisp, who lives in hormonal agony with his sex-obsessed divorced mother (Jean Smart) and her nasty boyfriend.
[Its] classic cinema shoutouts and gaggle of off-kilter characters feel like retreads.
Deviates from the teen comedy norm and becomes something darker, edgier, and more unexpectedly funny.
Makes early claims for the best comedy of 2010.
Cera's hilarious performance as a modern day Holden Caulfield makes Youth in Revolt a must-see for any fan of hipster comedies.
In an irreverent and adorable coming-to-maturity story, Michael Cera displays versatility in a dual role.
When Francois Dillinger is on screen, the movie comes alive...the rest of the time it's that post-Napoleon Dynamite sort of plodding study of eccentricity.
Michael Cera's act got old awful fast, didn't it?
I'm now officially done caring whether Michael Cera loses his virginity. So, it seems in this hit-and-miss comedy, is Cera.
Smug, dead-air-riddled adaptation of C.D. Payne's novel
The whole thing just seems as if it's trying too hard.
It's chaotic and episodic, but this is Cera's star turn. Superbad meets Fight Club? That'll do it.
The tone throughout is moderately quirky rather than full-on teen-flick vulgarian, bolstered by indie-cred cameos.
A treat for Cera fans and an amusing diversion for the rest of us. Especially those of us happy to laugh at our inner pretentious teenager.
In a wickedly witty dual role in the funniest teen flick in a long time, Cera finally seems to loosen up and have some fun.
It is very silly, and it may take you some time to tune in to the giggle wavelength. Once you have, it's very funny.
A little too manic for its own good, Youth in Revolt is restless and unruly. Too often forcibly mean-spirited, it only elicits a handful of genuine laughs.
A regularly ribtickling but ultimately unsatisfying ride into the realms of teen angst - but one that showcases the undoubted talents of Michael Cera when he has the opportunity to play against type.
A fresh, funny take on the classic coming-of-age tale, and a chance for Cera to show us what he's made of.
If you're looking for constant chuckles, memorable scenes, quirky dialogue and hilarious characters then get youthful, get some sweeties and get involved.
Whimsical, saucy, funny and achingly embarrassing, this is a beguiling if derivative goodboy- spins-out farce. But Cera really should make this his dweeb swansong lest he outstay his welcome.
Gustin Nash's script takes several well-aimed pot shots at typical teen-movie conventions, but has the tendency to occasionally wallow in the crude humour of the American Pie films.
This is yet another of those Hollywood coming-of-age movies where no one grows up. I've seen worse, but that's my problem.
The whole thing's a terrible mess and Cera's star, once rapidly rising, is now almost in freefall.
Funny in a casual way and charming in an oddball way.
The characters and story drive the comedy; the dialogue brings the nuanced grace notes.
The contrast between Nick and his bad angel whips up a pleasing comedy of delinquency, flavoured along the way by reliable character turns from Zach Galifianakis, Steve Buscemi, Jean Smart and Ray Liotta. But it's Cera who pulls the thing together.
The initial wit is replaced by youthful high jinks, animated interludes and some incredibly convoluted plotting. A shame really because for the first half hour this looked like comedy gold.
Part teen sex romp, part dark indie comedy, Youth In Revolt is never quite sure of itself, but it is good fun.
[Cera's] a fresh enough performer to hold centre stage in comedies like this.
Peaches Geldof would probably love it. And film reviews don't get any more depressing than that.
Never quite as clever, quirky or funny as it thinks it is.
All credit to Cera for trying something a little different. It's just a shame Youth in Revolt feels so episodic and shapeless that it's hard to take any pleasure in its theatre of cruelty.
It's very funny to be honest and most of the characters are perfectly cast, but Youth in Revolt is a movie in which literally nothing happens. At no point are any of the characters or plotlines developed and most of them are abandoned towards the end.
A delightfully dark teen comedy with a frequently funny script and superb performances from a terrific cast.
...an entertaining comedy about adolescent sexual obsession, Cera gives a breakout performance in a double role.
Coming-of-age teen pic, an homage to Breathless, which will probably not take away your breath.
Michael Cera can't forever play a teenage boy in search of lust. That's a shame, because there are a lot of lousy movies in this genre, and he's in the good ones.
Call this one the thinking boy's sex romp.
It plays to Cera's strengths, which, though overly familiar at this point, are still strengths.
If Michael Cera were a dog, he'd probably be a chihuahua. Not a yappy chihuahua, but a nervous, quiet one, lacking in confidence and bravado.
I must say, not since Paul Brickman had Tom Cruise set up a brothel in his own home as a teenage figure been so very good at being so very bad.
Detached from whatever world in which it is set and whatever characters inhabit it.
A stunningly lazy, smarmy comedy with very few honest laughs.
Though ... clearly a comedy, the tone ... is realistic enough to create some of the same discomfort that made last year's Observe and Report either daringly brilliant or just plain creepy, depending on your point of view.
The book may have had a point, the movie doesn't. And when is Michael Cera going to find a different type of role and show some range?
I love Michael Cera, just not this time.
It runs out of inspiration eventually. But not before a solid hour or so of consistently amusing absurdist humor that's way more off-kilter than is usual for a comedy about randy young men.
If pretentious hipster kids annoy you in real life, they'll bug the hell out of you in Youth in Revolt.
I love this new breed of dirty movie. It goes beyond leering, beyond sexism, to the core tension of a culture that ricochets between Puritanism and promiscuity. And it has in Michael Cera a sterling mascot.
Nick's oversized feet balloon away from his body, as if they're trying to separate themselves from this unbelievably dumb guy. Cera's playing dumb again -- dumb as a fox. But this time, we're in on the joke.
This defiant and sinful comedy makes for a hilarious start to 2010.
As a whole, "Youth in Revolt" is simply an overwhelming success--as a comedy, a romance, and as a new career-high for Michael Cera. A dark, stylish and incredibly funny triumph.
As for Michael Cera's career? Look a falling star! Make a wish!
Pretentious, but lovingly so.
Michael Cera puts another notch in his droll performance belt.
Despite a few good moments, 'Youth in Revolt' turns out to be a hodgepodge of dysfunctional family scenes, drug sequences, lustful teens and cartoon inserts.
This is film clearly made by people who remember all to well what it was like to be a teenager throbbing with hormones.
Youth in Revolt? Forget that! Let's focus on critic in revolt. Even a little [Michael] Cera is too much.
Whimsical, mostly engaging and occasionally funny, but it's too uneven, pretentious, and lacks genuine poignancy as a coming of age story.
Arteta commits to the lasciviousness, turning Youth in Revolt into more of a self-aware, comedic adaptation of Scott Spencer's Endless Love, which was originally botched by Franco Zeffireli.
An oddball adolescent goes on a wild quest to lose his virginity and to find true love with a seductive and mysterious young woman.
Cera proves that he can also do more than capitalize on his boyish face.
Finally, hipster intellectuals have a Porky's of their own.
Just roll with the amusement provided by Cera and a deep supporting cast (Justin Long, Fred Willard, Adhir Kalyan, Jonathan B. Wright) and the ability of director Arteta and screenwriter Gustin Nash to keep matters at just the right ironic distance.
If you were to hire a high-profile lawyer, you could probably come up with a convincing false advertising claim against the people who put together the trailers for Youth in Revolt.
A clever and often riotous burst of cynicism that pushes, let's face it, some pretty questionable ideas.
Cera may be trapped in his unchanging persona, but no more than this picture is walled in by its sitcom conventions.
Youth in Revolt is a teen fantasy filled with lust, imagination, frustration and lots of laughs, artfully made and superbly played.
A surprisingly charming and eccentric comedy; a riff on common themes in the world of teenage romantic comedies but done so with a unique, entertaining style.
A sweet and slight and often charming coming-of-age tale.
Some may find such elements desperate or calculated in their quirky-cuteness, but I think they add to the movie's efforts to evoke the surrealism and excruciating intensity of, as the title puts it, youth in revolt.
The result is a brassy and unique production that might eventually land in the same cult classic territory as the C.D. Payne book it's based on.
Mildly diverting rather than uproarious, the film still stands out among teen sex comedies for its low-key approach to antic material.
Michael Cera and the rest of the cast lift Youth in Revolt beyond the cutesy pie piecemeal affectations. As a result, what could have been great is only marginally good.
This hormonally-charged teen comedy has one ace hiding up its sleeve %u2013 a brain.
It's an enjoyable enough exercise in teen angst triumphing.
It has all the hallmarks of a Michael Cera movie. This time out, though, Cera opens up his familiar whimsical-nerd character, inserts a grenade (well, a small grenade) and pulls the pin.
More of the same from Cera, and not terribly funny to boot.
Barely fresh, Youth in Revolt stars Michael Cera pretty much playing the same character he always plays. The first act was hilarious but then goes downhill.
A genial, shambling portrait of a first, obsessive infatuation.
"Yes, even smart, artistic and good boys are exploding with hormones at age sixteen."
A movie with great dialogue, silly situations and enough teen angst to win over the most hardened of hearts.
The heavy lifting falls to Cera, who can't quite carry the weight of his dual performance. - NERVE.COM
Oh, someone deliver us from boys and their self-entitlement, boys and their cluelessness, boys and their rage when male privilege fails to extend itself toward them in a manner they deem proper...
The two Michael Ceras interact like "The Parent Trap" on crack.
From The Catcher in the Rye to Rushmore, it's a story we've seen in better versions before.
It's not earth-shaking, but it's diverting and polished.
The studio's lackluster release will likely mean it'll thrive on DVD. Don't wait for that. Youth in Revolt is worth making a trip to the theaters.
Uneven but occasionally quite funny...
It's an amusing concept as far as it goes, although it doesn't go far enough.
Francois ultimately resembles every other character Cera has played, only with a mustache and a dirtier mouth. If he wants to show us what else he can do, he'll need to stage a much bigger rebellion than this.
Cera's Nick is like a lot of the actor's previous roles -- mild-mannered, smarter than everyone else -- but Cera's nimble performance keeps his frequently mean character from seeming mean.
It's a pleasant surprise to see the engaging, soft-spoken star of Superbad and Juno stretch and play a devil-may-care slimeball.
Finally reveals a new side of Cera that has been years and years in coming. It's nice to see that the kid has range, and range he has got.
It's odd and fun watching Cera dip into this peculiar range of voguish deadpan profanity.
An improbable but hilarious combine of losin'-it comedies and the rarefied, Europhile air of the Cinema du Twee.
Michael Cera's probably not cut out to be a leading man, but if he's going to play the lead in your movie, then you'll need at least two of him. Maybe more.
Tries too hard to be quirky and fails.
Youth in Revolt has one of the most dishonest endings in recent memory, a conclusion that is not simply insincere, but a bold-faced lie that stands in opposition to every frame of film that has gone before it.
Parental Content Review
As one of the first releases of 2010, it is doubtful many viewers will remember Youth in Revolt by 2011.
It's fun to watch Cera put his own brand of hipster on and "Youth in Revolt" has a lot of funny moments, but Arteta's made an ungainly movie that ricochets around a lot and doesn't really add up to a whole lot.
A picaresque booster shot of wily irreverence that puts a fresh, outrageous spin on adolescent obsession and rebellion...
The story congeals into a sometimes sweet and other times raucous comedy, yet also loses its grip.
It has a good heart, is well-made, and will definitely get the job done as a savior from the January doldrums that are bound to surface in the coming weeks.
I laughed a fair bit. That's no ringing endorsement, but it's January.
Director Miguel Arteta, working from a tight script by Gustin Nash, tinges the mirth with malice. Sweet.
Youth in Revolt is basically an absurdist ramble, but a terrifically likable ramble with several stretches of lively farce...
This tale of a sex-crazed teen who invents a nasty alter-ego in a perverse bid to seduce his dream girl has too many unfunny moments to justify more than a rental...
Thanks to its dizzy comic style, Youth in Revolt is more than the standard coming-of-age comedy. It's silly, surreal and offers the best comic role for the deadpan Cera since Superbad.
Between delightful sequences of animation, vibrant performances by the likes of Justin Long, Fred Willard and Ray Liotta, and Arteta's mastery over comic tones ranging from the sensitive to the surreal, this is the rare movie one doesn't want to end.
It's Fight Club crossed with puberty.
your average Holden Caulfield fanatic will find his tale fun, but there's nothing much here that's new aside from facial hair on Cera
Although director Miguel Arteta's adaptation of C.D. Payne's cult-fave book series brings little new to the coming-of-age comedy genre, it's hard not to be beguiled by Youth in Revolt.
Perhaps this all works better on the printed page, where readers don't actually have to watch the character behave so rudely. (Or better before Cera rewrote much of the script.)
While the preoccupation with teen sex is distasteful, the film also appears to be making a case that sincerity and genuineness are the way to a woman's heart.
There are some good, sharp, surprising laughs in Youth in Revolt. So why does it feel so dreadfully familiar?
Youth In Revolt is a little too clever and a little too willfully verbose for its own good, but it's rare and a little wonderful to see a comedy about the sex lives of teenagers that suffers from an excess of ideas and ambition instead of a dearth.
The picture has enough charm to make us feel something for its shy, gangly protagonist, and enough bite to keep us from wanting to kill him.
As the precocious and nubile Sheeni Saunders, newcomer Portia Doubleday is the first major discovery of 2010.
Youth in Revolt follows what happens when a good kid turns hilariously rotten for the sake of love.
There's little to care about in Youth in Revolt, and even less to laugh with; the film lost in a stupor it never successfully navigates out of.
The tone is sweetly raucous, the acting accomplished, and the directing occasionally inventive, but 'Youth in Revolt' contains few surprises.
Youth in Revolt is a delightful film that makes no apologies for its irreverence. It's also the first great comedy of this decade.
By its end Youth in Revolt has flown off the tracks completely.
It's not that the film is fatally flawed, but the tone is uneven, the satire is blunt, the comedy rarely generates more than feeble laughs, and the lead character never comes fully to life.
The filmmakers try really hard to be hip and inventive but aren't. Steve Buscemi, Fred Willard, and M. Emmet Walsh are among the indie casualties.
Cera's style lends itself to one note, and the movie wisely gives him another character to play, an imaginary alter ego named Francois Dillinger, inspired by Jean-Paul Belmondo.
Areta's film has whimsy and a few great lines, but not enough originality.
There's a genial throwback feel to the movie's style that recalls scrappy sex comedies of the 1980s.
Despite Cera's consderable charm, the alternately scruffy and diffident tone that Arteta and Nash bring to the material leave it feeling both forced and limp.
Doubleday's Sheeni is charming, smart and pretty and has just that hint of knowing danger that drives teenage boys insane. And Cera? No one does this kind of thing better, which is presumably why he keeps doing it.
Truth is, there's also too much   Michael Cera. Which isn't the star's fault. I blame the movie's bad timing, and its delayed release.
"Punk" and "rebel" don't belong in the same sentence with "Michael Cera." But somehow, they connect in the few-holds-barred teen comedy Youth in Revolt.
Nash and director Miguel Arteta try too hard; they want their movie branded a cult favorite before anyone's even seen it.
But even apart from the film's vaguely insane endorsement of love at all costs, there's the fact that much of it is simply not very funny.
Light, comic, and less black than the books, this is a fun piece of fluff that melts away like cotton candy.
Has a strong Dickensian flavor, blending slapstick with social satire...You'll laugh at Cera's off-rhythm delivery and casual sharpness wrapped in the softest possible tones.
This quirky dark comedy offers you 90 minutes of [Michael Cera] not just doing what he does best but also showing that he has a few new tricks up his sleeve.
Cera's scenes with Ray Liotta, as a local cop dating Nick's mom, are priceless. He may not be Holden Caufield, but in this day and age Nick represents a fresh breeze of youthful rebellion.
This red state versus blue state daringly offbeat chucklefest elevates that notorious dumb and dumber genre known as teen comedy, into fresh and verbally tangy territory. Enough so, to easily earn this movie informal bragging rights as Juno II.
The frustrations of puppy love are on greatly entertaining display.
It's a kick to see Cera cut loose from his patented befuddled-nerd routine, even if the film's caricatured performances and fish-in-a-barrel scorn are sure to be monotonous for some.
In a dual role, as a quitely rebellious outsider and as his wilder alter ego, Michael Cera renders enormously charming performances that elevate this coming of age comedy way above its familiar subject and conventional secondary characters.
Director Miguel Arteta can't quite keep all the balls in the air long enough to sustain the film's running time, but he does manage a bang-up ending that's worth the wait.
Michael Cera, practically the poster-child for this strain of hip comedies, plays yet another awkward teen looking to win the girl, but like the film itself, he's spinning his wheels a bit.
As a huge fan of the source material, I have to say this is as good of a big-screen adaptation as you're going to get from Youth in Revolt.
Cera's best work since ARRESTED DEVELOPMENT
The collision of adolescent hormones and parental folly, hardly new cinematic territory, gets a bracing absurdist slant in Youth in Revolt.
Cera and his gifted comic co-stars elevate the mediocre source material into a semi-iconic coming-of-age story.








@highlight

It may not entirely do its source material justice, but Miguel Arteta's Youth in Revolt is a fun, funny comic romp that lets Michael Cera stretch a little and introduces filmgoers to a major find in Portia Doubleday.