It's a dated, often clumsy drama buoyed by two eminently fresh and graceful performances.
What is remarkable is how brilliantly McConaughey has unpacked the role, in spite of being handed such an unlikely ragbag of attributes.
It's a story of outcasts and mavericks who pursue an alternative approach to fighting AIDS outside of the oversight and restrictions of the FDA and the AMA, or at least that's how it presents itself.
Sometimes a character punches through the screen, beyond the film containing him. Matthew McConaughey's performance as an HIV-positive cowboy in Dallas Buyers Club is one of those moments.
Brilliant would be an understatement.
(Woodruff's) journey from bigotry to tolerance does feel a little formulaic, but the performances and the stark reminder of those extraordinary, frightening times make it worth catching.
Though Jean-Marc Vallée's direction is sometimes indistinct, it does allow the actors to come off more inhibited in their performances and each scene is that much more authentic.
At the end of Dallas Buyers Club, you're more inspired to sit Matthew down and feed him a warm plate of trans fats than you are to take action about gay rights or HIV.
It proves much more than a vehicle for the headline grabbing weight loss of its stars.
Even though the narrative lacks propulsion, "Dallas Buyers Club" is a welcome acting showcase for two likable leads.
See this film. You will not be disappointed.
We shouldn't forget this is McConaughey's world. He remains a magnetic presence, his soft-spoken Southern drawl and slithery charm keeping you from fully despising this guy Woodroof.
This movie earns each and every one of your reactions because it brings forth honest characters in a true, captivating story.
The great thing about Dallas Buyers Club is that it proves someone can be kind of an ass and also a great man.
It follows the template of every Bill Murray slobs-vs.-snobs comedy from the '80s, except this time people are dying.
Hollywood is mourning the late Philip Seymour Hoffman, but fear not... others will be waiting in the wings to grab their chance. Matthew McConaughey has even come back to replace himself!
A still very relevant exploration of an epidemic that's taken far too many.
A welcome addition to the queer movie canon.
Despite the cadaverous appearance of its lead actor, Dallas Buyers Club wants to be pretty, too, presenting a tidy, uplifting history of the years when unconscionable inaction and prejudice toward those with AIDS were a matter of federal policy.
Who cares about the issues when you have unforgettable characters like these?
Dallas Buyers Club is an example of American enterprise in an era in which the quality is perhaps not as evident as in the past.
"Surprisingly balanced, in terms of the way it treats its characters and concepts."
Lightweight, but not trivial; funny, but not cheap; moving, but not pathetic.
The movie isn't simply well acted or written; all of its observant qualities and pitch perfect performances are married to a tone and method that are courageous in conviction.
Não é apenas um estudo de personagem, apresentando-se também como um retrato angustiante de uma época.
Films can be lifted by their performances, just as careers can be resurrected by the embrace of difficult choices. Though grounded by a resonant real-life story of struggle and survival, Dallas Buyers Club offers an example of both.
This incredible film charts one man's determination to stay alive against astounding odds and, most tantalisingly, supporting the very people that he despised.
Leto almost steals the show, while Jennifer Garner represents stability as the gutsy hospital medic in a film from director Jean-Marc Vallee that is well-paced, involving and thought-provoking.
A powerfully moving film, and McConaughey's extraordinary physical transformation is much more than a stunt.
It's trying to explore a lot of angles and it does a good job, as opposed to a great job.
An uplifting story of undying hope and unlikely heroism.
It's really the performances that make this more than just a high-class disease-of-the-week effort.
What makes the film so special is its sense of defiance and its scabrous humour.
McConaughey is so charismatic that, as a simple one-man-against-the-odds drama, Dallas Buyers Club is consistently engaging; almost, despite Woodroof's intentions, inspirational.
Now, weight loss does not equal acting, but in this case it forms a central part of McConaughey's remarkable dedication to completely inhabiting this role.
Exceptionally well-written and directed, this tough, yet tender-hearted film doesn't take the easy road towards winning your full respect and fascination.
Let us praise, brothers and sisters, the era of the McConaisance.
It's impossible not to like and McConaughey's Ron is a compelling screen creation, a skinny, crazy zealot whose relentless energy seems to come from nowhere.
McConaughey and Leto drill down to the roots of their characters. It calls to mind that advice for actors playing drunk: you do it like you're emphatically sober. Neither man plays the disease. They play instead the rage to live.
It's a testament to McConaughey's newly-resuscitated career that we can call this a minor entry in his increasingly impressive body of work.
By turns ornery, obnoxious, dogged, canny, brave and compassionate, McConaughey is mesmerising to watch.
Terrific performances by Matthew McConaughey and Jared Leto elevate this socio-medical drama out of the realms of the ordinary into something quietly remarkable.
McConaughey sells it with absolute conviction.
Former heart-throb turned indie king, Matthew McConaughey goes for broke with what could well be his most affecting on-screen turn yet.
For all its occasional compromises, Dallas Buyers Club shakes off potential disease-of-the-month TV movie status and succeeds at an uncomplicated emotional level.
Bravely, it offers neither a 'feel-good' nor 'feel-bad' payoff. However, the story's momentum fizzles out, its characters often feeling disconnected from each other and us.
The performances are spectacular, McConaughey's especially, so alive in approaching death.
In telling this remarkable true story, director Jean-Marc Vallee (The Young Victoria) and his gifted cast keep the characters and events so grounded that we can't help but get caught up in their story.
His frame is slight, but Matthew McConaughey remains a hulking presence in this riveting true-life tale.
In its rough ride though pharmaceuticals provision in 80s America, this well-acted, Oscar-baiting AIDS drama mixes a queer cocktail of rugged individualism and anti-corporate collectivism.
How a reprobate womaniser, boozer, snorter and hustler made a difference .. and how an actor called Matthew McConaughey resurrected the remarkable spirit of Ron Woodroof, in a performance that swallows the actor - body and all
Two stand-out performances and the claustrophobic depiction of a death-infested reality are the significant elements of Dallas Buyers Club. It's a tough film, based on a true story
Thanks to a lack of heartstrings being insincerely tugged and magnetic performances from Matthew McConaughey and Jared Leto ... familiarity never quite breeds contempt.
We all love a rousing tale of perseverance against the odds, and Dallas Buyers Club offers two of them: one on the screen, and another behind the scenes.
It would be a TV problem-of-the-week movie without McConaughey's skill in combining intelligence with pizzazz.
It is fantastic and Matthew McConaughey gives the performance of his career. In fact, it may be the best performance of anyone's career. It'll blow your tiny minds. It blew my tiny mind.
I have always been a huge fan of Matthew McConaughey even though many of his film roles have failed to showcase his considerable talent. But he finally comes of age with a sensational performance in his new film Dallas Buyers Club.
Like McConaughey's Woodruff, it is honest and hard-edged and all the more powerful and absorbing for it, yet without sacrificing humour and heart ...
A calculated prestige picture that never bothers to ask broader questions about the AIDS epidemic.
An inspiring and powerfully emotional drama that would make an excellent double bill with recent AIDS doc How To Survive A Plague.
Tough, poignant and ultimately life-affirming, this is the way Woodroof's tale deserved to be told.
Like a Gary Cooper in the era of sexual crisis, McConaughey hits a very sure stride.
A fascinating, if dated look at the AIDS crisis of the 1980's with a central moral that still applies today.
Inevitably, there's a familiar redemptive arc to Dallas Buyers Club, but the crossover to altruism is so sneakily done here that it is irresistible.
Get this - Matthew McConaughey is currently the most exciting acting talent at work in movies. Next up, the simple business of a Christopher Nolan.
If not wholly convincing as an 'issues' movie, this memoir is a triumph as an actors' showcase; with McConaughey and Leto giving the performances of their careers.
McConaughey brings a rough-around-the-edges humanity to his character...whose gradual transition from homophobic swindler to altruist is handled with a refreshing degree of nuance.
The cold, documentary style puts the ball entirely in McConaughey's court. He plays it beautifully.
What raises the film above simple smile-through-your-fear-and-sorrow schmaltz it might have been, are performances from two male leads, McConaughey and Leto.
Vallée's sensitive direction ensures the relationship unfolds with credibility and, while tenderness between the pair might be fleeting, when it's glimpsed it packs a heavyweight punch.
Contains the scope of a larger issue and refines it through the steps of one man who made a difference. Matthew McConaughey reinvents himself yet again
A powerful film with two equally powerful performances, "Dallas Buyers Club" is a well made, adult change of pace for moviegoers this holiday season.
Ron Woodroof's story has a universal appeal in that it examines the way in which our greatest challenges call upon us to be more than we are, or ever imagined we could be.
Leto's and McConaughey's work will initially be remembered for their physical transformations. But it's the work they do inside these brittle bodies that is the true strength.
Matthew McConaughey's quest to establish himself as one of the finest, most committed actors of his generation continues apace in Jean-Marc Vallee's fact-based Dallas Buyers Club.
Dallas Buyers Club is predictably heart-warming, often slipping into forced sappiness. Thankfully, McConaughey and Leto are willing to labor to earn the audience's tears honestly.
If there's a simple truth to be found here, it is how often it is only the most resourceful and self-absorbed of us, demanding to survive no matter what, who come up with new pathways of survival.
Sometimes the right part comes along at the right time for the right actor, and the film that results from it forever changes his or her career.
Dallas Buyers Club belongs pretty firmly to McConaughey and Leto. Their prickly relationship is at the wounded heart of the movie, and it's their performances you'll remember.
The AIDS epidemic was not a happy-ending story. But it was certainly a test of the human spirit. Ron Woodroof passed that test.
The problem is that while Ron may not run out of steam, the film about him does.
Dallas Buyers Club (2013) is a movie you have to be grateful to Hollywood for making, but you still wish was a film made not by Hollywood.
I'd have preferred it to just be more distinctive. Bolder. Scarier. Uglier. Queerer. I can see why it's not, though, which is probably more upsetting.
Time is against Ron and others living with disease, and his need to outrun it, or at least try to keep up, is visible in every movement on screen.
It is everything cheap, shallow and pandering about American independent cinema.
Who knew Ghosts of Girlfriends Past stars McConaughey and Garner would reunite on a project this weighty and affecting?
As a biography about a man going through a very new, very scary disease and his will to help others, Dallas Buyers Club is a good, not great, effort.
Though a spotty second half reveals its limitations, this story of one man's crusade against the virus soars thanks to the stellar performances of its two leads.
Works wonderfully as a 1970s-style portrait of a charming if not entirely likable outsider-lowlife; it's less successful as an 'issue' movie that hectors the Food and Drug Administration for being a 'pusher' for Big Pharma...
The combination of that cadaverous visage, redneck rage and cowboy cockiness yields an affecting portrait of a complex man defying the odds - and the authorities - by figuring out how to survive a plague while Big Pharma worked on making a buck off it.
doesn't suffer much thinking-about.
This isn't exactly the story of Ron Woodroof, nor is it the story about the ghastly politics involved in the AIDS epidemic of the 1980s. Still, 'Dallas Buyers Club' rings true as a glimpse back at a time when desperate people took desperate measures.
The film shows homophobia, racism and sexism indirectly affects all of us - even when you believe you're not one of 'those people.' You never know the circumstances in life that might make you one of 'them.' One of the best films of the year.
McConaughey and Leto lost weight in order to show their acting talent in this fact based film.
McConaughey's performance is a tour de force.
atthew McConaughey haters may finally have to admit defeat ... a jarring reminder of the universal reaction to AIDS in 1985. It also speaks to how far we've come.
Leto hasn't had a role this meaty since Requiem for a Dream 13 years ago, although there's no question that this is McConaughey's movie. The actor's been on fire lately, with choice roles in Mud, Magic Mike and more, but this represents a new career best.
McConaughey and Leto make "Dallas" one of the Year's Best.
McConaughey's nonstop energy and his character's will to survive carries the film, even in its most conventional moments.
Dallas Buyers Club is one of the year's best movies and offers proof that Matthew McConaughey's recent acting accolades are not a fluke.
The essence of the film is Woodroof and Rayon. Their unlikely friendship is the heart of Dallas Buyers Club, an AIDS drama about tolerance and the ability for even the worst of us to improve our lives and those around us.
McConaughey pulls his character's unlikely alliances off with a truthful mix of newfound tolerance and common-sense grit.
Thanks to McConaughey, we get to see a character not just grow but evolve, developing a soul before our eyes. And if he can evolve, well, then there's hope for the rest of us.
McConaughey, skeletal yet swaggering, gives a bravura performance.
"Dallas Buyers Club" breaks no new ground, but the AIDS-themed biopic stomps over the old ground quite effectively.
It may be obvious Oscar bait but it rings true.
McConaughey and Leto deliver Oscar-worthy performances.
If Matthew McConaughey and Jared Leto don't garner Best Actor and Best Supporting Actor nods, there is no justice in Oscardom.
This character is a fastball over Matthew McConaughey's plate. As we've learned recently, the actor has developed into a home-run hitter.
The by-the-numbers narrative ultimately prevents the viewer from working up any real interest in or sympathy for the protagonist's exploits...
Its worst parts are all bunched up at the end, which makes it hard to feel great about it... But the sheer electric force of McConaughey's performance puts it over and then some.
The frailer this character gets the fiercer McConaughey's persona barges through; a drawl turning snake oil into syrup, with eyes impaling our attention.
Dallas Buyers Club hits every note just right. The film engages both your intellect and emotions. Beautiful and inspiring!
With McConaughey's role in MUD followed by this role McConaughey clearly transforms himself from heartthrob to serious actor.
I wouldn't be surprised if McConaughey and Leto get Academy Award nominations for their performances in this film.
Sexual politics make strange bedfellows, too!
Great performances by McConaughey and Leto, important history and gritty realism save this screenplay from the mundane.
... unrelievedly downbeat, but provides McConaughey with his juiciest role yet, that of a good ol' boy hustler/AIDS advocate ... Leto can start honing his Oscar acceptance speech. He's that good.
A solid biopic, that makes the best of its downer survival story.
Classic 'Oscar bait,' and falls into some of the common traps of exploiting a true story. But it's also lively, funny, and scary...
Dallas Buyers Club is an indelible story about one man's unwillingness to go gently into that good night, and the personal growth he experiences along the way.
A very strong rendering of a fascinating, historically under-told true story. But it's driven into the stratosphere by the two main performances.
McConaughey brings an unbridled fury and passion to his performance. His Woodroof is no saint, but he slowly moves from entrepreneur to a compassionate individual who makes it his mission to try to ease the suffering of others.
Props to McConaughey for overcoming some bad career choices and the perils of superstardom (naked bongos anyone?) and becoming an actor fully aware of his strengths and weaknesses.
...more than just a film resting on gimmickry. It is really a solid narrative and one that connected intimately with me.
There's nothing the least bit sentimental here. Nothing flashy or showy in McConaughey's rough-edged portrait. But there is enormous compassion.
Just about everything is right with Dallas Buyers Club, beginning with Matthew McConaughey's literally transformative portrayal.
A solid biopic is made transcendent by McConaughey, who shed nearly 50 pounds and deserves to gain an Oscar for his ferocious, funny performance.
Only the downer ending, which never gives [Ron] Woodroof a big moment of triumph, suggests it's more than a reducing of heady times into a slobs versus snobs battle.
One of the best films of the year.
McConaughey gives a fearless performance as a trailer-park dude with a shotgun in his trunk, drinking, drugging and volatile.
McConaughey and Leto are hypnotic to watch, and none of the above should take away from Woodroof's accomplishment. But one chooses the difficulty of one's dive, and Vallée has chosen a very difficult one indeed.
A straight-up portrait of a man who figured out a way to cling to life longer than anyone expected and, in the process, learned to let the world in.
"Dallas Buyers Club" is a somewhat simple tale, but it's populated with such fascinating characters and superb performances that you can forgive any narrative flaws it may have.
Perhaps the cinematic equivalent of tough love, Dallas Buyers Club may be more feel-bad than it would have been in the hands of the more cliché-inclined.
Dallas Buyers Club is one of the most compelling films of the year with magnetic performances from Matthew McConaughey and Jared Leto. Supercharged with passion and emotion, Dallas Buyers Club is a fantastic drama with an unyielding message.
This isn't just a characterization of a man going through a transition to the issue of mortality, but it's also a transformative performance by an actor rising in depth.
If it were a text, the film would be bolded, underlined and italicized.
Vallée mostly keeps the sentimentalism at bay, opting for a raggedy portrait of accidental crusaders. But as the movie enters its home stretch, the temptation to turn McConaughey into a hetero champion of AIDS activism becomes too much.
You simply won't see a better performance from another male actor this year.
McConaughey's earlier career consisting of fluff films seems like ancient history.
Played with raw, rattling fury and grace by Matthew McConaughey, Woodroof is a tarnished protagonist of the first order.
Dallas Buyers Club works best as a showcase for McConaughey and Leto's great performances - not so much as a thoughtful examination of historical issues.
"Dallas Buyers Club" takes audiences back to the worst of the AIDS crisis, where the disease was a death sentence, and the public's terror and hostility were at its height.
An imperfect film that features some terrific performances.
Bucking the System
One of the most touching mismatched buddy couples ever on screen.
Effortlessly pulls the viewer into the protagonist's life, plight and battle against forces far bigger and better financed than him. (Full Content Review for Parents also available)
Amazingly, we do have one member of the cast who upstages McConaughey, and that's Jared Leto.
McConaughey, pared down to nothing but grit and sinew, gives a performance of profound sensitivity and scope.
Ron is willing to live with the pain because at least it's living, which, we can almost hear him saying in that Texas twang, is better than the alternative.
It's not a perfect movie, but this hard-edged film ends up being fully engaging thanks to another powerful performance from McConaughey.
A moving, always mature account of a personal story that warrants attention. McConaughey has scarcely, if ever, been better.
Vallee, working from a script by Craig Borten and Melisa Wallack, infuses the film with some humor - Woodroof's posing as a priest as he smuggles drugs from Mexico is a hoot - but he never lets us forget that the stakes are deadly serious.
Once we get past McConaughey's stunning transformation, we're transfixed by a performance that reminds us of why this guy became a movie star in the first place.
McConaughey delivers the performance of his career, characterized not just by an astonishing physical transformation but by a wellspring of deep compassion and fearlessness.
A trio of terrific performers imbues a riveting AIDS drama with heart and mind as well as pertinence.
Dallas Buyers Club" explores an era that's been too-little seen on film: the early AIDS years, when people were dying and helplessness and fear seemed to float in the air.
The movie, based on a true story, shows how empathy has the power to destroy intolerance where it stands.
The simplistic Dallas Buyers Club is worth seeing, if for no other reason than McConaughey's transformative and touching performance.
McConaughey and, especially, Leto are not to be missed.
This is the performance of McConaughey's newly resurgent career.
The movie's often touching and very watchable, but what gets you past the script's sincere calculation is the growing sense of rage toward a medical-industrial complex that saw AIDS sufferers as guinea pigs and sources of profit.
Can be criticized for shoehorning its story into a familiar framework to make it more comfortable for mainstream audiences. But the astonishing performances by McConaughey and Leto nonetheless give it a powerful charge.
In many ways, the film is all about Matthew McConaughey, and Canadian director Jean-Marc Vallee is wise enough to train his focus on the actor.
Does a few things wrong but a lot right, starting right at the top with McConaughey.
Meaningful and explosively performed, Dallas Buyers Club is an oddly inspirational picture that has a little more on its mind than a late-in-the-film-year victory lap.
This movie, like McConaughey's performance, rejects the sentimentality and prefab heroics that usually afflict such standard Hollywood fare.
However creaky this might be as drama, it's a fascinating look at an underground economy and the politics of medicine.
As scrawny, shady Texas cowpoke Ron Woodruff it's McConaughey's swagger and southern charm that shines through more than his good looks in Dallas Buyers Club
McConaughey's excellent in a performance that doesn't have a big, quintessential Oscar moment, probably because he's an actor who never overplays like that.
...director Jean-Marc Vallée's ("The Young Victoria") film succeeds on the strength of its performances more than in the telling of the story.
Very nearly great.
The screenplay by Craig Borten and Melisa Wallack doesn't yield to pat pronouncements or solutions, refusing to turn Woodroof into a huggable savior, even when his views about gays shift.
If McConaughey and his co-star Jared Leto don't earn Oscar nominations for "Buyers Club," I'll eat my ten gallon hat.
An admirable, desperately sad, yet redemptive character study.
It's loaded with quality work, but it's Matthew McConaughey's performance that elevates those elements to make the film an exceptional experience.
Matthew McConaughey was born to play this role.
The performances are physically demanding and mostly sensitive when they could have been ham-filled and dunked in awards-grubbing vanity.
The story they're telling is a powerful one; viewers of a younger generation may be interested -- and shocked -- to see how slowly drug companies reacted to the AIDS crisis and what ordinary people did to help themselves in that situation.
This true story is no melodramatic probe into an ailing cowboy's soul. Not once does McConaughey look to the sky and ask why him or cry himself to sleep as the clock ticks on his nightstand.
Dallas Buyers Club isn't the kind of movie that would normally attract this much Oscar buzz... but it benefits from a couple of great performances that demand to be seen.
Though it's taken twenty-some years to reach the screen, "Dallas Buyer's Club" has been made with such care and commitment that I'd say it's been worth the wait.
Unlike Christian Bale's freak-show emaciation for 2004's 'The Machinist,' McConaughey's astonishing weight loss for his portrayal of AIDS activist Ron Woodruff doesn't overshadow the movie. It reinforces the authenticity of this fine film.
Quebec director John-Marc Vallée (The Young Victoria, Café de Flore) does an excellent job of telling the twisty tale of Ron's metamorphoses from near-death homophobe to drug-smuggling entrepreneur.
Dallas Buyers Club is just about a selfish boor who arguably gets a pass in terms of posterity, because while looking out for No. 1, he paved the way for change for everyone else.
The kind of true story that manages to earn the description "inspirational" without debasing its subject matter with "important" platitudes or false drama, Dallas Buyers Club is a remarkable tribute to inadvertent heroism.
McConaughey delivers a fine performance in Dallas Buyers Club, but it's less impressive when you realize that the entire movie has been rigged in his favor.
It's the story of an unhappy time, filled with misunderstandings and easy hatreds, but the movie goes past its tragedies to find hope, friendship and a different kind of courage from a most unlikely hero.
The real halo here belongs to McConaughey. He does justice to Ron's story and to his own quicksilver talent.
"Dallas Buyers Club" takes a more elliptical, near-poetic approach to the lives it portrays than the viewer might expect from this kind of movie.
Tour de force performance by Matthew McConaughey as a working-class hero who is part scumbag and part whistle-blowing crusader for AIDS victims.
It's obviously not a feel-good story. But there are two great reasons to watch 'Dallas Buyers Club.' Those reasons are McConaughey and Jared Leto.
This is McConaughey's movie, and definitive proof that he is back to being the actor we always thought he was, or could be, since "Dazed and Confused."
This is a movie that traffics in deep hindbrain emotions: fear and rage and lust and, above all, the pure animal drive to go on living.
McConaughey's string of terrific mid-career performances reaches a new peak.
Matthew McConaughey and Jared Leto seem shoo-ins for best actor and best supporting actor nominations.
As entries into the Oscar-bait-melodrama-socially-conscious-message-movie-with-characters-who-are-flawed-into-distracting-perfection genre go, this is a really good one.
Despite its clichéd elements, "Dallas Buyers Club" is a fierce celebration of the unpredictable power that belongs to the outcast, the despised, the pariah.
It's a remarkable story, vividly and urgently told by French-Canadian director Vallée from a pointed, schmaltz-free script by Craig Borten and Melissa Wallack.
Matthew McConaughey brings a jolt of unpredictable energy to "Dallas Buyers Club," an affecting if conventional real-life story of medical activism.
McConaughey proves he has evolved from a handsome lightweight to one of the most talented, risk-taking actors in Hollywood.
It's about the ways we confront our mortality when it's shoved in our face. That's powerful stuff.
[McConaughey and Leto] elevate the movie beyond ordinary biography or overplayed tragedy, and give Oscar-worthy performances in the process.
Matthew McConaughey continues to amaze.
Script and pacing problems aside, Dallas Buyers Club remains an awards-worthy showcase of McConaughey's and Leto's ferocious talents, matched only by their astonishing physical decline onscreen.
Without ever spelling it out, the director shows how one determined man can change the world.
It's McConaughey's spiritual transformation that is most remarkable. His gaze is at once desperate and challenging.
Despite some feel-good conventionality, Dallas Buyers Club succeeds thanks to its pragmatic view of its rather pragmatic hero.
[Matthew McConaughey's] explosive, unerring portrayal defines what makes an actor great, blazing commitment to a character and the range to make every nuance felt.
The commitment McConaughey brings is something to behold ... Woodroof's mix of Texas blowhard and eccentric bozo is clearly his strong suit.
Tight as it might now be, Matthew McConaughey's belt is deserving of another notch thanks to the winning, but safe Dallas Buyers Club.
This is all well-intentioned, but it's still obnoxious hokum, an important story so distilled and stripped of its essence that by the end, it's not about AIDS and the fight for new drugs at all.
If there was any doubt that McConaughey is more than just a tawny-chested rom-com stud, there should be no question anymore.
Vallee directs ''Dallas Buyers Club'' with a loose naturalism, seedy environs and lively humor that prevents the film from becoming over-sentimentalized.
It's a formulaic story that takes full advantage of these broad, familiar formulas to win viewers, but finds enough unique detail to retain its own identity.
Dallas Buyers Club represents the best of what independent film on a limited budget can achieve-powerful, enlightening and not to be missed.
What vaults Dallas Buyers Club out of indie hell and Lifetime purgatory is the splendid acting.
Having squandered most of this century's first decade being a movie star, Matthew McConaughey has approached its second stanza as an actor. The results have been salutary.
Dallas Buyers Club fits our Breaking Bad moment perfectly, offering a difficult hero whose personal code takes on an intriguing coherence.
What's remarkable about Dallas Buyers Club is its lack of sentimentality. The movie, like its star, is all angles and elbows, earning its emotion through sheer pragmatism.
Despite its downbeat context (a plague at its height), the movie is a crowd-pleaser-graceful and funny enough to distract you from its gaps and elisions.
McConaughey's performance should win him a slew of awards (if not the ultimate) and plenty of fans that this down and gritty film might not otherwise attract.
Dallas Buyer's Club doesn't want your love, it wants your respect and all the work's on the screen.
Conventional but never sanctimonious, it balances out its familiar recovery angle with a healthy measure of sardonic wit.
Excellent. Matthew McConaughey gives an impressively unselfconscious, award-worthy performance as perhaps the most anti-heroic of all the antiheroes who have ever appeared on the silver screen.
Ron's transition from redneck bigot to emphatic defender of the marginalized doesn't feel cheap or forced, instead building up to a graceful, moving moment of classical chivalry.
The film is a sad reminder of how far from such freedoms the country has come, in favor of a thoroughly monitored military state that inspires public shootings more than humanist actions.
Though the subject matter inevitably seems a little sexed-up and contrived compared to recent docs like How to Survive a Plague, director Jean-Marc Vallée rarely wastes an ounce of Matthew McConaughey's gusto.
For a movie about dying of AIDS, Dallas Buyers Club is really fun. Woodroof is beating the system so the process of obtaining and sharing drugs while skirting around federal regulations is engaging.
Despite its good intentions and moxie-filled performances, Dallas Buyers Club is ultimately marred by its impulse to compromise its freewheeling humanity in favor of crowd-pleasing tropes.
The movie adds vulgar emotional sweetener. It's Erin Cockovich.
Although the pace wavers near the end, director Vallée does a fine job handling the difficult material, which spans years and countries. Expect major acting nominations come awards season.
For the majority of the time, it wrestles with the heavy material like the cowboys and cattle at the rodeo that frames its events, and McConaughey proves himself a proficient rider.
There's still something undeniably moving about the film's trajectory, which allows McConaughey to blossom into an empathetic figure-one whose homophobia fades as his fighting spirit intensifies-without losing his rapscallion spirit.
If the camera occasionally suffers a fashionable case of the jitters, the movie transcends its agitated verismo to impart dramatic and behavioral truth.
McConaughey is the only reason to see Dallas Buyers Club, but he's enough of a reason to see Dallas Buyers Club.
At just under two hours, it's a little long, but the blend of biting character study and campaigning pharmaceutical docudrama is zesty and memorable.
Matthew McConaughey and Jared Leto give terrific performances in this riveting and surprisingly relatable true story.
It is a powerful real-life story, brimming with terrific performances and also punctuated by delightful visual flourishes.
[McConaughey] delivers a twitchy, hostile performance on par with anything he's done since he escaped the rom com cul-de-sac.
This is a full-bodied characterization that will take McConaughey's already impressive career regeneration several steps further.
The fireworks caused by pitting never-say-die Texas bravado against heartlessness is a powerful mix, and the film manages to be an inspiring tale amidst all this sadness.
...while the film might not drop the cumulative emotional anchor you may expect...it's a smartly entertaining tale, delivered with respect for its subject matter, but also wisely knows you can be fun and funny even in the arena of an AIDS drama.
... when people write the history of how cinema processed HIV and AIDS in the late 20th century and beyond, 'Dallas Buyers Club' will definitely be part of that conversation

@highlight

Dallas Buyers Club rests squarely on Matthew McConaughey's scrawny shoulders, and he carries the burden gracefully with what might be a career-best performance.