I don't know what it is, I just can't get into the voice casting of these movies. It's still a good movie...I just can't get into the voice performances of this movie.
Sequelitis means that there's no high-flying good times with How to Train Your Dragon 2.
Humor and story aside, the biggest draw here is the impressive animation.
The voice-over cast led by Jay Baruchel and Gerard Butler are terrific and so is the new addition, Cate Blanchett.
This is how all sequels should be made.
The animation is zippy and crammed with smart sight gags.
How to Train Your Dragon is peppered with plenty of wit to keep parents and kids alike happy, but is not afraid to get a bit dark at times, which may be challenging for younger audiences.
If every installment can capture the same sense of escapism and passionate dedication to its ideas and images, then I'd be delighted to go on more flights of fancy with Hiccup and Toothless.
"How to Train Your Dragon 2" rises above its animated peers with more troubling themes, outstanding character design and innovative "camera" movements. And it rarely, if ever, takes the easy way out.
More alarming are the regressive messages about gender and race the film subliminally projects.
Continues a very compelling mythology I hope carries in to the third film.
It's as beautifully animated as its predecessor, but its mixed message is troubling: It begins by endorsing nonviolence, as Hiccup insists that friendship can be a more powerful motivator than force, but ends by bludgeoning the bad guys into submission.
With multi Oscar-nominated British cinematographer Roger Deakins (Skyfall) advising, DreamWorks' visual work is stunning, but the story feels fragmented by the mixture of strange accents and additional sub-plots.
A command of genre creativity blended with human insight.
How to Train Your Dragon 2 isn't just a great sequel, a great animated spectacle, or a great example of successful franchise-expansion/world-building. How to Train Your Dragon 2 is flat-out great film, period
It's a rare sequel - animated or otherwise - that expands the story of its predecessor without rehashing it, and an even rarer family-oriented film that manages to be fun and mature without being condescending to its audience. [It] does both.
With writer-director Dean DeBlois back at the helm, the sequel feels like a solid continuation of the first movie.
Here and there, it's as if the mythology of Tolkien has been filtered through the imagery of Miyazaki.
Bigger and even richer than the terrific 2010 hit animation, this sequel is also quite possibly the best action-adventure movie of the year.
A triumph that soars far beyond a lazy re-tread of the original. It is altogether darker, richer and more complex.
Funny, big-hearted and - as you'd expect - a visual feast, this a family film in every sense and one to be lapped-up by both kids and grown-ups alike.
The characters in this movie are charmers. They've got me so well-trained, I'm even looking forward to HTTYD3.
It has a richness that's highly compelling, especially in the way it explores the complex relationship between man and beast.
Only for those addicted to video games and the Transformer series. The original was bright, funny and inventive. The sequel not so.
The filmmakers borrow freely from Avatar, Sword In The Stone and even Brave but they bring enough vigour and imagination to their storytelling to get away with it.
The sequel doesn't attempt to take things in a completely new direction, choosing instead to expand its world and characters with great success.
This swooping and soaring sequel boasts big thrills, innovative set-pieces and a surprisingly radical political outlook.
Textures and gestures are brilliantly rendered, the body language saying more about the characters and their relationships than any words ...
Despite the unimaginative title, How To Train Your Dragon 2 arrives full of its predecessor's invention, wit and flair.
Bigger, braver and even more visually rewarding than the original, it's an ambitious attempt to extend the scope of its predecessor without sacrificing the charm, humour and excitement that made that so appealing.
This sequel forms a well-balanced symbiotic relationship between the entertainingly silly and the deadly serious.
Hats off to Dreamworks for offering some bold surprises in a respectable sequel filled with moments of humour and emotion among its ample noise and movement.
Written and directed with admirable verve by Dean DeBlois, How to Train Your Dragon ticks all the important boxes required of top quality family-friendly animation.
At times terrifying and too tough for tinies, this is nevertheless a triumphant sequel that puts its faith in Hiccup and Toothless to find a way through dark times for man and dragon.
A textbook lesson in 'How to Do A Sequel.'
his franchise has swiftly proven itself to be one that has heart to match its dazzling visuals - it exists in a world that feels tactile, for once the 3D isn't crushingly disappointing.
Not as fresh or funny as its 2010 predecessor but with a bang-up second half, much visual beauty and a surprising emotional resonance.
This isn't just a more soulful movie, it's a much more spectacular one too. At times, it makes it's glossy rivals look like they belong in the Dark Ages
Underneath the surface, there's a depth and thoughtfulness to the story that makes this sequel a worthy successor to the 2010 original.
It begs the question: Are animated studio such as Pixar and DreamWorks catering to a much more mature audience? Or are they pushing the hearts and minds of wee-ones into new, dark boundaries?
Game of What? This is our new desert island dragon-themed pop pick.
There's actually a point about 90 minutes in where things take a very dark turn, and I momentarily thought the movie was going to end on an incredible down note.
The swirl of storylines, plot twists and huge battles might prove a tad too intense for kids under 10, and even adults will have to pay close attention...Still, the film can't be faulted for its movement, humour or [its] sheer beauty.
I think that's what's wrong with this. The minor characters don't emerge from this at all. I'm hard pressed to discern one from the other.
An efficient and entertaining franchise sequel, but it restates how conventionally Americanised this property has become in comparison with the literary original ...
'How to Train Your Dragon 2' is a rich and satisfying movie of surprising substance.
An absolute delight, even better than the first film; a gorgeously animated ode to peacemaking, nonconformity, and sticking to your principles in the face of ultimate adversity.
Those who made [this film] know the kids who adored the original have grown since the [first one] and they're trying mightily to grow with them. That counts for something in today's popular culture universe, even if they seem to be trying awfully hard.
The writer and director Dean DeBlois takes the comedy to a deeper, more satisfying place than he did in the original franchise-launching animated film.
It might ramp up the action and the emotional ties in the story but does very little with the original's main attribute: originality.
While this film is a bit weaker, and a lot darker, than the first, it does have a strong story, interesting characters and great digital animation.
Overlong and overly busy but more emotionally powerful than its predecessor.
Unable to settle on any one story idea in particular, writer-director Dean DeBlois throws in three or four, which intersect at odd moments, like cars at a busy intersection, refusing to give the right of way, so that no one ends up going anywhere fast.
The most distinctive thing about the series is its strictly rational handling of fantasy themes. The dragons themselves can be fearsome or adorable - but since they don't speak, they're treated for the most part as pieces of hardware or beasts of burden.
How to Train Your Dragon 2 is the most solid, light, and enjoyable fantasy film of the summer.
There's something uniquely appealing, especially to kids, about animals acting like animals.
It isn't important how many dragons DeBlois crams into a movie. It's how many figurative dragons, breathing sameness into animation, he'll continue to slay.
One of the top handful of movies ever made by DreamWorks Animation, but pretty much across-the-board weaker than the original How to Train Your Dragon.
I'm so impressed I actually saw a movie where I plonked down the coin for 3D and felt like I hadn't been robbed.
The entire film is a romance -- visually, parentally, ecologically. It's got the emotional, humorous, exciting sweep you want from a summer movie.
Dragon 2 does what every sequel should do, but few even attempt - expand the horizons of its original.
A rarity because this sequel outdoes the original.
A visual stunner with aerial sequences that will take your breath away, and many of the dogfights (dragonfights?) have that Star Wars sizzle.
A great sequel feels fresh and familiar all at the same time, which is why 'How to Train Your Dragon 2' is a great sequel.
Waging peace can be every bit as heroic and satisfying as waging war.
DeBlois thankfully remembers everything the two of them did right in the previous film.
If 'How to Train Your Dragon' was a raging inferno of emotion, the sequel is more like a warm, cozy campfire.
With its stunning visuals, majestic score, compelling perspectives, its massive yet impressive sense of scope, and its breathtaking camera angles, How to Train Your Dragon 2 is undeniably phenomenal and the undisputed animated film of the summer.
It's entertaining and gorgeous, but disjointed, veering between wildly emotional scenes on both ends of the spectrum without much thought for how they should flow together.
The film isn't afraid to occasionally saunter over to the dark side. How dark? Let's just say there's a late-breaking development here that will result in some moviegoers tagging it as this film's Vader-flavored "I am your father" moment.
Every bit as endearing as the original, if not even more stirring, 'How to Train Your Dragon 2' is full of humor, loss, adventure and romance. In other words, it has the same themes, lovable characters and beautiful look that made the original a hit.
How refreshing it is to find a summer sequel that's not simply louder or wackier than its predecessor, but rather feels like an extension of its first film and all of its best qualities.
Although there are times when bits of the movie feel extraneous, the production as a whole comes across more like an organic extension of the original tale than something tacked on purely to score at the box office.
As serious as Dragon 2 gets with some sad scenes of betrayal and death, returning writer-director Dean DeBlois infuses a sense of joyfulness throughout.
Epic, thrilling 3-D adventure sequel is outstanding.
I loved the first "How to Train Your Dragon". But this movie is mired in lengthy oratories which come off as preachy and full of righteous indignation.
It's a joy to behold.
In the bigger is better world of Hollywood sequels, How to Train Your Dragon 2 comes up short. It lacks the novelty of the original and tries too hard to be "about" something more than fun.
A bigger, and arguably better, sequel experience that features more dragons, larger scale action set pieces, as well as a poignant message on the challenges of growing up.
An inspired and inspiring piece of escapism, this one will get the kids cheering on their feet and the grown-ups blubbering in their seats.
The visuals are often astounding. Believe me, I take no joy in recommending a 3-D viewing, but I can only see it adding to this experience.
How to Train Your Dragon 2 will be tough for your kids to watch, and some of it will require explaining and discussion -- which alone makes it mean and matter more than the majority of designed-to-be-forgotten animated films in theaters these days.
It's clear that [director Dean DeBlois] took inspiration from the first Star Wars trilogy - not a bad model for breathing new life, and yes, a bit of fire, into one of Hollywood's more nuanced animated franchises.
As much as 3D detracted from, say, Man of Steel, so does it enhance How to Train Your Dragon 2. Call it How to Train Your Cranky Elders That 3D is Good Sometimes.
How to Train Your Dragon 2 is soaring, emotionally swooping, utterly satisfying fun.
Not only does this second movie match the charm, wit, animation skill and intelligent storytelling of the original, I think it even exceeds it.
Despite its expanded, ambitious battle sequences, Dragon 2 is at its best when it quiets down and dares to be intimate.
One of the most beautiful animated films ever made.
Witty, rousing, heartwarming, sensational-looking, and at times touching, uplifting and even moving---and proof that Hollywood's still making movies that virtually all ages can enjoy, appreciate and admire.
An adventure for the eyes, and one forged with great imagination.
Just like the first film, when it's done you want to run out and pick up your own dragon.
As with the Ice Age sequels, situations may change and characters may come and go, but the central characters and relationships forged in the first film have become static.
It's kind of like going to a pet store and being swarmed by puppies; you won't want to leave and when you have to, you'll want to take them all home with you.
While delivering the epic goods, the How to Train Your Dragon franchise continues to keep its eye on helping kids become better people, and that's a cause worth fighting for.
Dreamworks sure knows HOW to make a sequel: just add more dragons!
Can we give it a rating of PG-10 or PG-11?
More than just teaching kids what to think about the world they're coming into, it's a rare film that encourages them to think for themselves.
This was not a sequel that anybody needed, outside of the accountants. And there's another already planned.
One of this year's true surprises, the superior animated sequel not only is infused with the same independent spirit and off-kilter aesthetic that enriched the original, it also deepens the first film's major themes.
There's a genuine sense of wonder captured, an almost glorious feeling of flight and freedom, reveling in the sheer cinematic pleasure of being taken along for the ride.
Provides a grandiose feeling that you're watching something truly special.
The visuals are stunning, with thrillingly vertiginous 3D swoops and soars, and there's a love scene as tender as you will see on screen this year.
The sequel -- even with its flaws -- is full of enough fun and action to entertain youngsters and has enough emotional moments to hold the attention of adults.
It takes what worked the first time and expands upon it, offering bigger, darker, more mature ideas without diminishing the original film.
It's a rip-roaring ride.
Graded on the animated-sequel curve, "How to Train Your Dragon 2" doesn't come off too badly.
Nothing in this likable sequel flies quite so high as those aerial shots.
Young and old fans of the first movie will be lining up for the wit, for the inventiveness of the characters, for the breathtaking visuals - and just the sheer fun of it all.
"How to Train Your Dragon 2" succeeds because it builds on, but doesn't try to replicate, the magic of the first movie.
It's just a bummer that such a pretty package lacks any real substance.
Offering a dramatically darker story, this feature serves as an animated homage to 'The Empire Strikes Back.'
Writer/director Dean DeBlois's second of a planned trilogy based on Cressida Cowell's children's books has a daring, shocking climax and its underlying theme could be read as championing the maligned pit bull breed...
In a summer filled with engaging entertainments, this is one of the best.
This is far removed from the innocent simplicity of its predecessor; How to Train Your Dragon 2 sees this series growing up -- quickly and for the better.
While a lot of recent animated movies stuff the screen with bright colors, frantic action, and constant wisecracks, How to Train Your Dragon 2, like its prequel, has managed to focus on something more important - a sense of awe.
Not since Toy Story has an animated movie managed to feel so fresh and vibrant with its second helping.
This may be the first and last time anyone says this, but if "How to Train Your Dragon 2" is this good, why stop at 3 and 4?
Most sequels get made for commercial reasons, whether or not the world needs them. "How to Train Your Dragon 2" is a movie the world needs.
The impressive part is the storytelling confidence of writer/director Dean DeBlois. He has created a thoughtful tale as meaningful for grown-ups as it is pleasurable for its young primary audience.
Nearly as exuberant as the original, How to Train Your Dragon 2 nimbly avoids sequel-itis.
Taking its cues as much from Star Wars and Game of Thrones as from its own storybook narrative, How to Train Your Dragon 2 breathes fire into a franchise sequel.
Casual viewers will be entertained, critics will find enough new artistic nuances to give the okay, and those at the studio should be happy with what will likely be handsome financial results. (Full Content Review for Parents also Available)
Toothless is so vividly, viscerally animated, I worry a child will look askance at her own humble dog and peevishly wonder why Fluffernutter can't fly, or at the very least breathe fire.
A solid sequel sets its goals and meets them, but a movie as elating as How to Train Your Dragon 2 soars beyond conventional objectives and upends audience expectations.
Its thundering air-war sequences, with hordes of dragon-riding fighters swarming into battle, have the swooping, gliding kineticism of vintage newsreels of World War II dogfights.
More emotional, exhilarating and expansive than the original. DreamWorks finally has a franchise to match its ambition.
For once, we have an animated sequel free of the committee-job vibe so common at every animation house, no matter the track record.
Gruesome? A little. Scary? You bet. But that's exactly what makes the "Dragon" films so different, and so much better, than the average children's fare.
How to Train Your Dragon 2 is a sequel that will inevitably be compared with its predecessor, and while it doesn't reach the level of that original film, it still acts as a decent continuation of the story.
DeBlois, who also wrote the script, successfully juggles the multiple story lines, shifting allegiances and uncharted lands.
Dragon 2, like The Empire Strikes Back, takes sequels to a new level of imagination and innovation. It truly is a high-flying, depth-charging wonder to behold.
'Bigger' pretty much describes this sequel to the 2010 sleeper hit - as opposed to, say, 'different.'
For audiences who want a sweet story, they can't beat the first film of a boy finding his best friend. For those who are ready for the next stage, try this one about a boy becoming a man.
It's the unflinching edge that gives the film its unexpected depth.
The film's real emotional heart comes from its unabashed fanboy love of dragons.
Overall, a very worthy follow-up.
While 'Dragon 2' is a rather different critter from 'Dragon 1'--bigger, more sprawling and preachier--it has no less heart and humor, and is a rousing adventure besides.
The unusual second chapter that hits new heights in almost every way.
By taking its time in the 4 years since the 1st movie, Dreamworks has mounted a superior 2nd installment, one that gives heretofore untapped personality to its characters and an extra shot of heart to the touching, age-old tale of a Viking and his dragon.
The animation simply rules. Elegant and detailed, the film soars and whooshes with the craft that all animated movies should have.
An impressive sequel that leaves us cheering for the noble ideal of animals and humans living together in peace and harmony.
Flying high among this summer's blockbusters - it's enchanting!
As a reviewer who greeted the first film with lukewarm praise the reaction is much different this time. It joins that short list of sequels that surpass their originals.
There aren't just more dragons, but more characters, more plot, more everything. The trade-off is that the charm of the original gets a little lost, a casualty of rapid-franchise expansion.
Offers some stunningly beautiful sequences and an engaging, if at times quite dark, story line.
The plot is unfocused and jumbled, borrowing elements from other fantasy movies without bringing them together into a cohesive whole.
This isn't product that deserves a trophy just for showing up; it's a high water mark for DreamWorks and a huge accomplishment for DeBlois.
As far as animated action-adventure outings go, How to Train Your Dragon 2 is a solid and exciting offering for those to whom the franchise appeals.
The flight path needs straightening, but this is still a franchise that knows how to fly.
"How to Train Your Dragon 2" doesn't play it safe, and that's why it's the rare sequel that doesn't feel somewhat stale.
How to Train Your Dragon 2 does what most sequels can't -- that is, it expands on the original while maintaining the core elements of what made the first film so great.
It seemed as if there was nowhere new to go after the first film, but this is a richer story that dares to go darker and is thus more rewarding.
OK, but the thin charms of the original are a little thinner this time out.
Writer/director Dean DeBlois has created a powerful, exciting and touching film that proves animation can challenge the summer's big-ticket live-action movies, just as Beauty and the Beast and The Lion King did 20 years ago.
It's good enough to have these wonderful characters back on the screen, but the production has managed to renew purpose and construct fresh objectives without tarnishing the blinding spirit of the original movie.
How to Train Your Dragon 2 is an exciting adventure with rousing animated action, but it lacks the emotional hook of its predecessor.
DeBlois keeps the story moving efficiently enough, and despite the fact that the film has too many structural arms and legs wiggle-wagging in all the wrong places, there are some finely tuned dramatic moments ...
It has the core of a genuine crowd-pleaser, but unfortunately something bigger and more all-consuming keeps getting into its head.
The storybook images are often so amazing that I feel ungrateful noting that I wish the story was equally wondrous.
Not all the heart-swelling flying sequences in the world can flap away the sensation of franchise fatigue here.
Heartfelt, funny, and captivating, this is a satisfying continuation of the first film.
You may experience that rare sense of wonder that comes from losing yourself in a proper, well told story.
DeBlois' powers haven't diminished ... he dares to go deeper, smarter and even darker, honing in on the elements that made the first film work.
This 'toon doesn't lack heart amid all the high-flying antics, but it may have benefited from a heartier dose of imagination.
When the film flies, it soars.
...few fans of the original are likely to be truly disappointed, and the film is certainly in the top tier of the studio's output. It's just a shame that it doesn't quite have the same beating heart as its predecessor.
... this is how franchises are supposed to work.
Going beyond the pat eco-conscious message that every kids' film has to have, HTTYD2 touches on how complex the emotional bond between a person and an animal can be.
This smartly paced sequel does a great job of drawing out the lead characters, expanding the world they exist in and adding in some warm hearted and moving moments.
This DreamWorks Animation sequel advances the story without sacrificing the integrity that defined its most atypical toon.

@highlight

Exciting, emotionally resonant, and beautifully animated, How to Train Your Dragon 2 builds on its predecessor's successes just the way a sequel should.