For fans of DeLillo, Keaton and/or either team in that classic Series, this curious little picture is worth tracking down.
Filled with heavy dialogue, Game 6 is a film that feels more appropriate for the stage. That said, it takes on challenging themes and deep thoughts.
For better and worse, this is a fiction writer's movie: the dialogue is admirably precise, yet the restrictive worldview that's so gripping in DeLillo's books seems like mere solipsism on-screen.
The big problem here is one of credibility, on a number of fronts.
Um retrato pretensioso de Nova York como centro dramático do mundo que acaba se salvando em função dos bons diálogos e das ótimas performances de Keaton e Downey Jr.
A mediocre to average movie with a stellar performance by Keaton and cerebral themes about failure and fears that stay fuzzy instead of coming into sharp focus.
Game 6 is ultimately a curious dud, although it makes us anxiously await DeLillo's next time at bat.
If you're looking for a film about smart, confused people who make mistakes (like Buckner) and try to learn from them, this could be it.
... a quirky little comedy ...
Game 6 is enthralled with the sound of its words, even as it loves the deliberate, sensual pace of a well-played (or well-lost) ball game.
Novelist Don DeLillo brings many of his strengths to the screenplay for Game 6.
The Red Sox as fatalistic metaphor is almost a quaint notion now, but Game 6 brings it all back to vivid life.
The thudding, obvious symbolism is the film's biggest concern and its primary problem.
A very nice and simple film, with clear messages and sparklingly witty dialogue.
DeLillo and company have let one go through their legs.
Keaton embraces his role with a relish he hasn't shown in more than a decade, winding his character into new corners of desperation with each scene.
A shaky director, a deadly critic and a losing ball club collide in an entertaining surreal showdown just off Broadway.
A meditation on American theater and the Great American Pastime that hovers above the surface of reality but never quite takes off, either.
Keaton is terrific, as is the entire cast; the result is a lean, polished little gem.
Clangs with the ripely overwritten dialogue of award-winning novelist Don DeLillo. And that dialogue, coupled with a go-nowhere script, is this wannabe-likeable indie drama's undoing.
No writer could ever top the high drama witnessed in Game 6 of the 1986 World Series - which may be the point of this sloppy but endearing mash note to baseball, art and fate.
As a Sox fan and a writer, Game 6 spoke to me. Viewers without interest in baseball, DeLillo or criticism, may feel that the movie is just a short trip to nowhere.
This material could be pitched at various levels. You can imagine it being incorporated into a sequel to The Producers, or being transformed into quasi-O'Neill.
The film is meandering and highly uneven, but Robert Downey Jr. is truly oddball as a venomous drama critic, and watching that ball once again roll through Bill Buckner's legs is torture (for Red Sox fans anyway).
Watching it... may be as painful to viewers as watching a certain bobbled ball was to Red Sox fans 20 years ago.
It's one of the best films of the young year.
This tale about a successful playwright and a vitriolic theater critic begins on a strenuously schematic note ... and descends into a tangle of heavily symbolic nonsense.
An acutely observed study of a man haunted by the looming prospect of failure, Game 6 turns out to be a small-scale triumph.
If making movies like this for himself is the reason Downey makes movies like The Shaggy Dog for us -- well then, that's a bargain that benefits no one.
The movie includes a recurring motif of immigrant taxi drivers -- like them, the movie is constantly going around in circles.
An offbeat, not-quite-successful paranoid comedy.
To put it in words a Sox fan would understand, the movie hurts good.
As things drag on, you can ask yourself: which seems longer ago, the days when anyone cared about whether the Red Sox would ever win the series, or the days when a lone theater critic had the clout to terrify Broadway?
Screenwriter DeLillo and director Michael Hoffman have a near-perfect player in Michael Keaton.
Hoffman makes impressive use of his low budget, thanks to a talented cast, an atmospheric soundtrack by Yo La Tengo, and the general feeling of confidence that a veteran director can bring to a project.
A gratifying playground of high-wire language.
The film labors under the onerous weight of its symbolism.
Adeptly proves that you've gotta have heart.
Yup, it's one of those philosophical movies about the nature of life and why the Red Sox always lose.
Game 6 fails to make use of its clever dialogue and concepts as it attempts to become something more profound.
A kind of comic variation on the Stations of the Cross transferred to the ordeals of a Gotham playwright, pic feels indifferent and empty.

@highlight

Though packed with Don DeLillo's witty dialogue and bolstered by strong performances, particularly by lead Michael Keaton, Game 6 also suffers from uneven direction and overwrought symbolism.