It's actually closer to the original Chainsaw than its immediate predecessor, but it still relies on more on physical torture than the psychological terror that made the original - or any genuinely scary movie - so effective.
This is the Texas chainsaw massacre, not the Texas chainsaw misunderstanding. Nothing castrates a bogeyman like cheap-Freud psychology, and Leatherface possesses no greater power than a hulking professional-wrestling heel. A low point in American horror.
Much less at the beginning, and much more a remake of the remake...
The original "Chain Saw Massacre" spoke, in unsettling terms, to middle America's growing contempt for the '60s counter-culture, but no deeper meaning can be ascribed to this mayhem. It's just a joyless technical exercise.
A rote latter-day slasher film with barely anything worth recommending.
...an ugly film, overwhelmed by transparent shock value, short-sighted storytelling and nihilistic undertones.
...unsightly, pointless, and thoroughly mean-spirited...
A garden-variety horror movie that provides no innovation on the old "kids stranded in the woods with a scary monster" plot.
Audiences will start playing the 'Who's Next' game as people run, scream and die, and the whole thing loses the power that this horrific creation once had over cinema.
The focus in Texas Chainsaw Massacre: The Beginning isn't on the confrontation of demons, moral reckoning, or terror. It's an unimaginative exercise in suffering.
That "Zzzzzz" ringing through the theatre during The Texas Chainsaw Massacre: The Beginning ain't just a chainsaw, it's snoring.
In the end, and despite Ermey's best efforts, it's just another splatter flick.
Even more than most horror films, The Texas Chainsaw Massacre: The Beginning, feels desperately unoriginal
It's neither as bad as it could have been, nor as interesting as it should have been, and the final desultory reaction is a decidedly minor one.
Incredibly violent and extremely gory, this is more of a remake than a prequel and it squanders the opportunity to do something more interesting with the premise.
Gross and sadistic but never scary.
Lacking anything resembling subtext and anything resembling genuine suspense, The Beginning is little more than just another hackneyed rehash of increasingly diminishing returns.
This is just the kind of film that gives horror movies a bad name and leads people to lump them all together as crap.
Oppressive, mean-spirited and sadistic, The Beginning is an unsavoury exercise in cruelty and pain that one hopes will also be the end.
It literally made me weep to see how hard and cold we've become as a society, that this could be considered entertainment.
Maybe this should have been titled Night of the Living Brain Dead -- that describes the victims, describes the killers, and describes the bankrupt talents behind the butchered hack job that is this movie.
A noisy prequel to the 2003 remake that revs up the power tools to disguise its pointlessness.
click for full review (Greek)
Attention sadists: Demand more from your gorefests than this pro forma return to the well. Has mass murder ever been this dull?
Buzz kill.
commits the crime of being totally and utterly tiresome.
The Texas Chainsaw Massacre: The Beginning relies on made-you-jump shocks and more fake entrails than a Jaycees haunted house.
It's hard to concentrate on normal points of movie criticism when you're trying to keep your lunch down.
Revels in human ugliness.
Tries to justify its ugly sadism through some very black comedy and a revival of the Vietnam-era cultural politics of the original: The cannibal family represents an establishment that turns young people into not just cannon fodder but literal fodder.
A better-than-average horror release in terms of blood and general intensity, but still a pale shadow of its blasting-out-of-the-gate predecessor.
There's a good bit of gore, bad plumbing and standard psychotic bad housekeeping, but not much more.
The new Texas Chainsaw Massacre movie is so desperate to create some indelible horror imagery that it forgets everything else that's required of a standard big screen movie macabre.
Brutal, nihiliste, politiquement incorrect et définitivement déplaisant, le film s'adresse uniquement à ceux qui apprécient leur violence sans filtre.
If you're the kind of horror fan who likes your gore to be chased down with something more-like, say, wit, suspense or genuine fear-this picture has little to offer.
For me, it was worthwhile just to hear R. Lee Ermey call one of his victims "Dumplin.'"
You know a trend has crested and collapsed by the time Michael Bay gets a hold of it.
The story's been played out so many times.
All you need to know about the character is he's really crazy and carries a chain saw. And he's got an even crazier uncle who all but steals the film.
Liebesman's woefully rancid and riddled prequel of the same name is basically a horrendously harried yet uneventful hollow shell of its former bloodied self.
If you are into extremes this ultra-violent blood feast is probably just your ticket.
What about the kid's formative years? Now *that* might have made for a movie. Instead we get another pack of kids ripe for ever more gruesomely depicted slaughter...
Most slasher sequels are just lame retreads; this is a retread, but it's well shot and acted, even when the onscreen logic is odd.
A top-notch grindhouse flick perfect for the Halloween season. It's also the best this series has seen in twenty years.
The most brutal Massacre since the 1974 original.
Ermey again easily steals the show as the redneck 'sheriff' from hell.
Rest assured you've seen it all before.
R. Lee Ermey's performance at the patriarch is impressively nutso. In every other respect, though, this is a redundant and deeply unpleasant movie.
It's as remorseless and disheartening as any of the others, more gory and less scary.
No character, no commentary. Just slice-and-dice, pare-and-scare, scream-and-run and fall-and-die.
The Texas Chainsaw Massacre: The Beginning misses everything that made the first one eat into your spine like meningitis.
Jonathan Liebesman's prequel to Tobe Hooper's 1974 horror classic is just another trip down a very dusty road.
Apart from reviving the original Massacre's pervasive sense of Nixon-era malaise, it doesn't offer much in the way of satisfying origins.
Ever gone into a movie knowing exactly what's going to happen and still been scared by it? Yeah, me neither.
If watching people having their faces cut off, getting their legs amputated and having their throats tenderly slit is your idea of a horrific good time, you'll certainly get your money's worth here.
We may not have seen the end of this nascent franchise, but the beginning leaves depressingly little hope for improvement.
The most disturbing notion that lingers in the mind of anyone who'll see Texas Chainsaw Massacre: The Beginning is that the franchise may have even more to offer.
There is truly nothing to enjoy about Texas Chainsaw Massacre: The Beginning, from its disappointingly unoriginal opening to the absurdly violent, equally disappointing cop-out ending.
While I wouldn't call it a terrible entry in the series, The Beginning is just a bit too dry, obvious and familiar to generate much enthusiasm.
Is this the 'Beginning' of the end for this franchise?
There are only so many ways hapless teens can get brutally slaughtered, after all
Given that this is a prequel...there's no suspense, only ninety minutes of lip-smacking sadism. This is entertainment?
The idea of more kids getting lost in the hidden interstates of Texas, lining up for the slaughter is, frankly, fairly boring. I mean, come on...even Police Academy went to Miami Beach for their fifth film.
It's wearisome and dull, offering plenty of gore but no brains to back it up.
Ours is not to question why; ours is but to watch 'em die.
Why do people climbing into an empty car after being chased around by a psycho killer never check the backseat?
As a prequel to a gruesome horror movie, this one does the family name proud.
Incredibly fun to see with an audience and the best installment since the original.
Liebesman knows how to make us cringe whether it is the most graphic of violence, or those spine-tingling moments where we are painfully waiting for something to jump out of the closet at us, or emerge from the darkness with a CHAINSAW.
...the same time our government debates torture...our movie industry produces another heinous horror flick that centers on the cruel and unusual punishment of captive humans.
This prequel to a remake of the 1974 horror movie begs the question: how many chainsaw massacres can one state possibly contain?
The longer it stays on the screen, the closer the movie comes to the full-throttle nihilist comedy that Hooper himself seemed to be striving for in his own misbegotten Texas Chainsaw Massacre 2.
Though The Beginning offers few psychological insights into Leatherface's behavior, it does give bloodthirsty fans the chance to witness the mask's grisly creation.
When the Dawn of the Dead remake features a better chainsaw kill than your film with the words "chainsaw" and "massacre" in the title you know you've made a stinker.
[Brewster's] just not feisty enough. There's no there there -- and you want a little sass in your horror movie babes, right?
The idea of a horror prequel is annoying [and] unlike Hostel or Wolf Creek, TCM:B is rank and depressing.
Reducing the iconic brute to a victim of childhood neglect and abuse? That's not, as The Beginning's tagline boasts, "The Birth of Fear." It's the death of it.
A mostly boring affair with no real scares or shocks ... the previous film, as bad as that was, was better than this.
The whole fear-of-obese-hillbillies device is starting to smell as stale as Leatherface's playroom.






@highlight

The Texas Chainsaw Massacre: The Beginning is full of blood and gore, but not enough scares or a coherent story to make for a successful horror film.