Munich's passion is clear, its intention good, the skill behind it immense; there is something brave about its decision to take politics into the multiplex.
It's an incoherent film, as if Spielberg desperately wanted to say something important and could only come to the conclusion that killing is bad and we're all human.
Munich is more measured and classy than Spielberg's action-adventures.
This punishing, borderline amoral picture is Spielberg at his most bleak, and most challenging. It refuses to pick sides and resonates in unsettling ways.
Munich is an important story to be sure but an important movie isn't the same as a great one. It's told in such a muddled way the message is easily lost, except for the moments when it is hammered home at the cost of story-telling believability.
Spielberg described Munich as his 'prayer for peace,' yet his movie strangely lacks the eloquence and yearning of a prayer.
Laceratingly charged, thunderstriken virtually, by Spielberg's deeply felt moral analysis
An utter masterpiece.
There's about an hour's worth of greatness in Munich.
A longing for home is the central core to Spielberg's powerful dissertation.
Munich is one of those rare films that transcends art and taps directly into the consciousness of a hate-battered world.
Munich also succeeds where some of Spielberg's other films have not in its lack of his usual sentimentality.
Ever so subtly, Spielberg masterfully conveys the toll which the inordinate tension of their job and the mechanics of their methods take on his subjects' souls.
Muddled liberal Zionist politics. Even worse as a film.
While we may or may not agree with Spielberg's take, to his credit he has asked us to address our current concerns by taking a step back and looking at the bigger picture.
click to read review [Greek]
Let us start from the dual positions that sex can (potentially) bring us closer to God and that cinema, in and of itself, is a holy medium given to the transcendent.
Visualmente impecable, temáticamente poderosa y emocionalmente honesta, es una muestra de que el cine puede y debe tener un compromiso social que nos obligue a utilizar las neuronas.
...it's difficult to imagine just what Spielberg was hoping to accomplish with this disastrously inept piece of work.
Spielberg trades in hollow, spuriously cinematic gestures and in explicitly topical politics that I suspect will render this movie embarrassingly dated before decade's end.
Trembles, bubbles and booms with rage--every explosion shattering the idea that global warfare has ever had an end in sight.
Steven Spielberg's most difficult film.
It would require unimaginable insensitivity to build an escapist adventure on those 11 graves. Spielberg understands this, but his approach to the material, while not exactly insensitive, lacks judgment all the same.
A frequently powerful, gripping (if overlong) film, made all the stronger by the fact that Spielberg doesn't try to force-fit an audience-pleasing coda into the final act.
What struck me so stunningly by Steven Spielberg's latest, beyond its pure thrill ride appeal, is that so much goes on beyond the surface of our routine, monotonous lives to afford us the luxury of routine, monotonous lives
[T]he brow-scrunching and ethical debates don't grow out of the assassinations, they merely follow them, and are not only inadequate but irrelevant.
While this courageous film lacks in narrative dynamics -- and factual precisions -- it deserves a medal for suggesting a higher law than laid down by the vengeful god of nationalism.
All in all, a great movie with an excellent showing by Bana, that dares to ask important questions about the ongoing issues in the Middle East.
Spielberg ha dejado algo claro: el ser humano sigue siendo la misma bestia sin razón.
The picture is limp and conflicted: Is it a thriller? Is it a poli-sci lecture? It seems lost in thought, and not very deep thought at that.
A great conversation starter that suffers from Spielberg's penchant for mass entertainment
A thoughtful and moving film with a heart so many Hollywood productions fail to find.
Entre la complejidad casi documental de su trama y su impecable ejecución cinematográfica, las casi tres horas de duración no se sienten.
A thought-provoking, powerful, uneven film about the costs of revenge.
It's certainly the best mainstream thriller since The Insider, and an audacious political statement from a director who has everything to lose. Don't miss it.
O filme mais corajoso da carreira de Steven Spielberg.
... a multi-faceted tour de force.
Shooting in a style that echoes classic 1970s thrillers, Spielberg orchestrates a number of terrifically exciting suspense scenes.
Gritty and compelling, the film transports the viewer unlike any other film in recent memory.
Munich is worth seeing despite the fact it ends up a tedious watch.
Munich is as disturbing and complex as the many issues it raises. There are no answers, only questions.
A difficult, disquieting story of violence, revenge and redemption that could have been shaped by no other hands but Spielberg's -- in the best film he has ever made.
It is a thriller with a heart, a message movie with suspense. It is smarter than most Hollywood films could ever hope to be.
Once again, Spielberg turns history into a riveting suspense-thriller.
As our involvement in the Middle East drags on ... the hard truth that any notion of victory is an illusion reverberates in Spielberg's look at this moment in history ...
Shock cinema? Yes, but with a story and with a point.
it's an action/suspense movie that lets you enjoy the conventions of the genre, then keeps going where others would stop, to show you the long-reaching effects
Yes, it's violent, but the questions raised, the internal journey followed by the film's characters subtly tends toward peace, or at least rethinking all this violence.
This may be the film he has long wanted to see, but it's one that keeps the audience at an unmistakable distance.
An uneven thriller.
Pardon the horrible expression but I was not blown away.
Spielberg's first R-rated film since Saving Private Ryan finds the director shedding the kid gloves that have minimized the impact of his recent thrillers.
A cold, sterile movie that keeps the audience at arm's length
There's so much death, but the dramatic intensity is missing. It should have you weeping and gripping your seat and sick over all the tragedy %u2013 and that just doesn't happen.
Omits the emotionally-charged aspect of the historical events portrayed.
It's inspiring that an ultra-successful director and a major Hollywood studio would have the guts to take on such an intense topic.
Steven Spielberg should stop worrying about winning shiny statues and start focusing on creating good films. Maybe then he'd deserve to take home another trophy or two.
Rambling and naïve -- surely not what the director intended.
Featuring compelling characters who converse through casualties, Spielberg's well-paced, stylish and admirably overambitious movie never fully verbalizes its story.
Devastating in its vision of political strife concentrated down to its fundamental human core.
The most controversial movie that Steven Spielberg has ever created. It's also one of his best
Eric Bana leads a cast of familiar actors in a tense but realistic looks at the dirty business of undercover work.
Spielberg is at his best in 'Munich,' demonstrating once again his unique talent for filmic storytelling.
As he does so well, Spielberg blends action and humanity. You feel sympathy for these men.
A frustrating film to watch (and to write about) because it comes so close to greatness only to settle for being merely good.
From the first shots of old news footage that is intercut between Palestinian and Israeli living rooms, we feel we are in masterful hands.
The earnest, artistic approach is far too indulgent, but the themes the film examines are urgent and essential.
... riveting stuff ...
... Perhaps the year's most daring film ...
Well, it looks like Spielberg has done it again.
A dangerously naive film.
The Best Spielberg Film of the Past Five Months
Resurrected by the necromancy of digital special effects, the twin towers in the final shot cast a shadow over the three hours that passed before, making the film appear even bleaker in retrospect.
Munich reveals itself as a sort of reversal of Schindler's List. ... We half-expect Ephriam to smile at Avner and declare "The list is death."
This is an important film --- a searing, gut-wrenching, heartbreaking re-telling of a tragic event and its aftermath, as only Steven Spielberg can do.
'Munich' is typical Spielberg --- and that's a good thing --- taking a piece of history and converting it into high drama.
Spielberg and screenwriters Eric Roth and Pulitzer prize-winner Tony Kushner mute the superspy machinations in favor of examining the mission's personal and political ramifications.
The rare action film that is as full of heart-rending dialogue as it is explosions and point-blank shootings.
It's a smart, mesmerizing and often angry film, from a truly confident filmmaker, but it remains, maddeningly, just beyond our grasp.
Everything that keeps it from being lovable could be looked upon as a virtue, and everything about it is intentional.
What saves the picture, apart from Spielberg's singular visual touch, derives from the personal instead of the political.
Too bad the conversation couldn't continue until everything is solved. But why should the characters in this brilliant film offer solutions when nobody else seems to have any in this troubled age of anxiety?
Munich ricochets all over the place, but it hits its target dead-on.
Like the superior Syriana, this isn't a Middle Eastern tale that offers much hope. It's just bloodstained history. And if we don't remember that history, Spielberg says, we learn nothing.
There's no faulting the craft of Munich -- Spielberg, with longtime collaborators cinematographer Janusz Kaminski and editor Michael Kahn -- is always muscular and gets down to business.
The ultimate problem with Munich is that it's looking for a clear-cut answer that doesn't exist. And while it frames its final act as an argument, it's an argument it's having with itself.
It's a brutal, merciless, somber picture, utterly devoid of the heart-tugging sentimentality that always creeps into even his best films. It is also, unfortunately, timid when it should be bold and clunky when it should be eloquent.
It may take us years to work it all out. For a filmmaker who made his fortune providing instant gratification, though, this already looks like the boldest creative leap of all.
The failure of a movie that is so good in so many ways leaves me to wonder if Spielberg is up to this kind of complex, multitasking story.
Across the board, the film's performances are sinewy and tough, elastic enough to bend with misgivings.
Munich can't decide where to end, so we get six or seven possible finishes, each exhausting.
At a time when he easily could duck and cover, Spielberg has put himself at the service of material that offers little by way of comfort.
Spielberg is simply reiterating that the Old Testament demand of an eye for an eye has left the world blinded and wandering in an endless cycle of reprisal. This is not exactly a philosophical or dramatic revelation.
Bouncing about from one flawed movie to another, Steven Spielberg has lost his way of late, and Munich finds him more disoriented than ever.
Spielberg has created yet another masterpiece, risky in scope and ambition, and vitally reflective of the self-destructive times in which we live.
The anxiety about becoming a killing machine is the main thing Spielberg wants to convey, and that comes across powerfully.
Simply stated, Munich is Steven Spielberg's return to seriousness and his finest film in years.
Not for the "E.T." crowd, but a fantastic Steven Spielberg production all the same, "Munich" is a serious, controversial drama.
The conflicted pacifism of 'Munich' suggests Spielberg's vision is maturing.
begins as a bold, riveting study of vengeance, but... weakens considerably in its last third, even though it has numerous undeniably effective moments before that.
You cannot make a convincing case against terrorism by showing one graphic scene after another of cold-blooded murder.
In his take on the 1972 Olympics tragedy, Spielberg somehow humanizes the terrorists as well as those who later pursue them across Europe.
Maybe it's fitting that, at times, Steven Spielberg's nearly three-hour take on the tragedy of the 1972 Munich Olympic Games moves along like an agonizing death march.
A nail-biting thriller, with set pieces as tense as they are brutal. But Spielberg also delivers a stirring and timely message.
A richly compelling and challenging film that ultimately transcends its weaknesses.
Spielberg needs to learn the truth of the old maxim 'less is more.'
All too often Spielberg seems to be more concerned with creating striking visuals than with building tension and genuine suspense.
An impressive achievement by a man in touch with his art and his soul.
Munich is an action movie with a conscience, made by a filmmaker whose good work is still better than most directors' best.
Powerful, polarizing and excruciatingly violent.
Munich is a powerful, even shattering film that deserves to be seen, dissected and debated for content.
A visceral, emotionally exhausting work that dares to ask questions -- and gives no easy answers.
A Spielberg movie like none we've seen before - a searching, soul-sick piece of work. Munich does not pretend to have any answers. It only wants to remind us how much we've lost.
Spielberg doesn't shy away from the violence, making it as extreme and disgusting as it should be.
Ten-time Spielberg cinematographer Janusz Kaminski utilizes a technique dubbed 'skip bleach' (also used in Jarhead) that renders the image grainy and harsh.
There's much to recommend in this fierce, complex film.
Steven Spielberg seems embarrassed of his talent in `Munich'...
Always a better technical craftsman than a sophisticated story teller, Spielberg has come up with a flawed but fascinating, film.
... the kind of movie that works on you one way while you're watching it, then rattles around in your head as you ponder its provocative themes.
It's enough to drive a person crazy, and as well put together as all of this is it is still hard to keep your interest focused upon the piece when it begins to feel like your watching the same scene stuck firmly on rewind.
Spielberg invests too much time and energy on the intricate espionage plot before getting around to asking if these black ops were the right thing to do.
Spielberg brings out all the soul-shaking fear and moral doubt that exists on both sides of this long-brewing and seemingly unsolvable conflict.
Spielberg and Kushner do not just show us all sides; they show Avner and his team all sides, and let the characters and the audience agonize over what they and we have become.
[Spielberg] raises some serious questions about the efficacy of violence, it's just too bad he felt the need to sugarcoat the message in order to broaden the film's appeal
Munich is about the shifting meanings the city's name took on after that dire moment, the shorthand it became for survivors, historians, and avengers.
Even as Spielberg delivers trademark thrills, he frames a debate that's now more important than ever. How should allegedly moral people -- and countries -- react in the face of evil?
MUNICH takes a clear-eyed look at a terrible moment in cultural history and the ramifications of that moment, and it's brave enough to say that there are no simple answers, no absolutes, when you are dealing with violence and hatred.
Each episode is tense and well-constructed, but, at two hours and forty-five minutes, the film suffers from what might be called Kong syndrome: Even if all the parts are terrific, might the whole not have been better with fewer of them?
Daniel Craig echoes the sentiment of soldiers and architects for peace everywhere, "Let us do our job." That's all Spielberg is doing and he does it better than anyone.
Any of the problems I had with it are about personal preference, but I know you don't get everything you want every time.
Pragmatic, ambivalent, conflicted and distancing, Munich is likely to serve as a Rorschach test that reads differently to every viewer.
It's refreshing to see Spielberg operating outside his usual comfort zone in an open-ended public exploration.
Spielberg has created another fantastic epic.
Not even my favorite Spielberg film of 2005.
a brave attempt to wrestle with the impossible
The problem with Munich is that Spielberg has made a beautifully crafted, intelligent picture that raises some very complicated, and not easily dismissed, moral questions -- only ultimately to find the easiest way to dismiss them.
It's the least commercial, most somberly heartfelt movie ever made by the cinema's most commercially successful filmmaker.
[Its] greatest asset is the singular rejection of its director's characteristic optimism, presenting a tale that defies absolutes in favor of a messy, complex reality.
This is a smart and often tense work whose ultimate merit isn't completely calculable now.
Munich is less a persuasive political parable than an efficient espionage tale with psychological dimensions, which Spielberg manages to burnish with hard questions about dignity, decency and culpability.
The man's increasingly crazifying attempts to make serious films are still nothing more than good movies. Perhaps only Spielberg could fail so spectacularly well.
Spielberg's themes are often presented too broadly, with the human need for a place to call one's own hammered on until we expect to see ET himself phone home.
As a thriller, Munich is efficient, absorbing, effective. As an ethical argument, it is haunting. And its questions are not only for Israel but for any nation that believes it must compromise its values to defend them.
Spielberg's usual competence is on display, in many ways, but Munich is like no other Spielberg movie.
Spielberg can't decide how to end the thing. Even so, there is much to admire here.
An unsparingly brutal look at two peoples all but drowning in a sea of their own blood, Munich is by far the toughest film of Steven Spielberg's career and the most anguished.
It seems almost disrespectful to weave in a provocative re-creation of the killings -- somehow a massacre of unarmed innocents that shocked the world should be more than just fodder for ginning up the tension at the end of a commercial movie.
Spielberg has given us the Special Two-Disc Extended Director's Cut DVD version when all we wanted was a lean, energetic thriller.
Too long, too muddled, too inconsistently paced. A documentary on the History Channel could provide all of this information in less than half the time with a lot more clarity.
The most mature and unsentimental movie Steven Spielberg has ever made.
Spielberg deserves credit for pondering the high stakes and very visceral results. But he has called this his 'prayer for peace,' and it is winning some rote piety.
In this age of feckless and unapologetic zealotry, with leaders whose passion for extremism has led to the lamentable results we see all around us, Munich's even-handed cry for peace is not an act of equivocation but one of bravery.
Every time one's interest begins to lag there is a tense or memorably gory scene to pep things up when it's needed it most.
Do we need another handsome, well-assembled, entertaining movie to prove that we all bleed red?
Purports to raise questions about the human toll of retribution - on its victims as well as on its practitioners. But Spielberg has no real tatste for the complexities.
Munich rarely rises above its own predictability to become more than a noble failure.
Bana's desperation is carefully performed, sold with golden Spielberg moments of intricate shot construction, some reaching Hitchcockian heights in their complexity and flair.
To say that Munich is the most important film released this year is putting it mildly. To say that it's the best is being generous.
One of its strengths is that it does not pretend to have answers.
The film is a slick piece of work, yes, but one that has had people on all ends of the political spectrum arguing over it weeks before it had seen the light of a projector. On that score, I'd say mission accomplished.
Spielberg asks the questions with great skill and greater sorrow. But he doesn't have the answers. Perhaps no one does.
Munich is an extraordinarily effective and occasionally uproarious account of the early phase of global terror.
Munich is the most potent, the most vital, the best movie of the year.
A thoroughly sickening motion picture experience.
As good a film as Spielberg has made in decades. No worse and, alas, no better.
Perhaps a tad long-winded, Steven Spielberg's Munich is a still a well-crafted, superbly acted film...let's just say, it'll get you talking.
Spielberg's very even-handedness virtually guarantees its political rejection by both sides in the Middle East.
Spectacularly tedious.
Owns you so thoroughly that you feel as though you're a part of what you see.
In inviting us to get off on the technicalities of state-sponsored murder, the movie speaks volumes about the undying allure of revenge, and why peace will always be fated to play the underdog: It isn't nearly as much fun as the alternative.
Spielberg examines the morality of governmental revenge for terrorist activities and seems to come down squarely in the middle.
Spielberg's muddying of the moral waters is already drawing heat, but it's to his credit as a filmmaker of consequence that he asks the hard questions and doesn't flinch from any unsettling truths that might emerge.
As a piece of filmmaking, Munich is rarely less than gripping. As a political essay, as a brief against despair, it is far less convincing.
With no heart, no ideology and not much intellectual debate, Munich is a big disappointment, and something of a bore.
It's overlong, psychologically unfocused, thematically devious and curiously anachronistic in its crypto-pacifism.
For all its craftsmanship, the film never cuts to the bone...may not leave one cold, but at most it leaves you lukewarm; and in a tale like this one, that's just not enough.
The most intelligent espionage thriller since 1965's The Spy Who Came In from the Cold.
One of his best films, a riveting political thriller that's as thought-provoking as it is exciting.
A melodramatic yet accessible drama that's perfectly in keeping with the politically turbulent times.
Munich is essential viewing that should be rewarded for its bravery come Oscar time.
Spielberg surrenders to his own despair and lashes out . . . at the audience.
A film of uncommon depth, intelligence, and sensitivity, Munich defies easy labeling.
What a curious arc this movie has described: starting in terror, and ending up on the very brink of kitsch.
Vivid in detail and wrenchingly well acted...
Despite being nearly three hours long, the movie is among the finest to grace the silver screen in some time and should be able to work over any intelligent audience not bothered by a level of blood, gore and even nudity traditionally reserved for either
Spielberg [has made a] movie, as if the last thirty years of cinema and world events never occurred.
It's a very strong film.
"Munich" is at once a deeply disturbing and ardently effective film that operates successfully as a political thriller and as a cautionary tale.
Suspenseful, soulful and thought-provoking, it's relevant, incendiary and important. One of the best of 2005!
If this is a valid detailing of how the Israelis actually operate, then its primary virtue is in that revelation because sympathetic involvement isn't much provided by the script.
Munich's equitable lip service to opinions all along the ideological spectrum proves less compelling than its portrayal of its lead character's crumbling sense of self.
Munich, Steven Spielberg's spectacularly gripping and unsettling new movie, is a grave and haunted film, yet its power lies in its willingness to be a work of brutal excitement.
The most intelligently directed film of the year, 'Munich' is a political thriller that sets its stage in 1972 and plays out in 2006.
It's rare for such a popular entertainer as Spielberg to fail to provide a rooting interest or, in its absence, a point of entry to one of his films.
A thought-provoking, highly charged inquiry into the political, moral and historical ramifications of terrorism and the effort to combat this scourge.
Given its pedigrees and incendiary subject matter, Steven Spielberg's Munich is a shockingly mediocre and schematic movie.
This is new territory for Spielberg, and he completes the journey with honor.
This is easily Spielberg's best film since Saving Private Ryan.
A fictionalized account that underplays the Israeli role, Munich nonetheless is an entertaining HOLLYWOOD espionage thriller that while set in 1972, is also timely today, and though unfolding as a thriller it aims to be taken seriously as a morality tale







@highlight

Munich can't quite achieve its lofty goals, but this thrilling, politically even-handed look at the fallout from an intractable political conflict is still well worth watching.