Just as Bonello's anachronisms blithely cross disparate eras, so Saint Laurent gainsaid the passage of time.
Director Bertrand Bonello ... weave[s] a languorous but transfixing portrait of artistic life and the decadence that often comes with it.
Saint Laurent is the filmic equivalent of drinking a bottle of absinthe. Even after leaving the theater, its green haze is not easily shaken off.
Saint Laurent is aesthetically rich, with exacting production design and a semi-jaundiced sepia hue that periodically evokes the brittleness of an aging newspaper.
An unauthorized biopic that dwells in some of the darkest passages of Saint Laurent where his addictions and infidelities are a common thing. [Full review in Spanish]
Bertrand Bonello's film shares more DNA with Olivier Assayas's Carlos than the September Issue (magazine or documentary), and prioritizes action, energy, and form over lengthy explications of history or psychology.
A flashy and intermittently unique biopic.
It manages to capture the way Saint Laurent's vision changed the world around him. [Full review in Spanish]
A film composed of different vignettes starring the eponymous character while breaking the conventional biopic narrative. [Full review in Spanish]
A fantasy biopic that celebrates visually all the creativity and decadence surrounding the eponymous fashion designer. [Full review in Spanish]
An interesting visual proposal and sometimes fascinating biopic, even if it's a little long. [Full review in Spanish]
The film shines specially in the parts where we see an old designer trapped by his own contraptions. [Full review in Spanish]
Everything feels like too much in this boring and pretentious biopic. [Full review in Spanish]
Impressive production values, very well narrated and acted, outstanding recreations of the runways that YSL hosted, but more centered in the dark secrets the designer had. [Full review in Spanish]
Of all the films about the famous designer this is the better one, even if it's somewhat superficial. [Full review in Spanish]
Bonello tries to demistify it's subject but sometimes it feels like the character overcomes his vision. [Full review in Spanish]
With a smart script by Thomas Bidegain, Bonello breaks apart a story that told in any other way would've been more of the same. [Full review in Spanish]
A biopic that tries to destroy the conventionalisms of the genre itself. [Full review in Spanish]
A fascinating and intimate look to the world of fashion and the lif of a genious. [Full review in Spanish]
Bertrand Bonello's Saint Laurent is an exquisite opium den, a biography of sensual feelings rather than of fact.
Too long, filled with gorgeous costumes, posing models and lots of smoke, this biopic of Yves Saint Laurent is flamboyant, but tedious.
In spite of all the thing it does well, Saint Laurent is incapable of becoming a good movie because of the dramatic structure the director built. [Full review in Spanish]
An ambitious reconstruction of a ten year period in the life of celebrated fashion designer Yves Saint Laurent. [Full review in Spanish]
'Saint Laurent' imagines the life of the influential French fashion designer as a series of aesthetic, erotic episodes.
"Saint Laurent' is a fascinating tour of the man's life and times, but too often we feel like it's a portrait that's not even skin-deep, but fabric-deep.
Before seeing "Saint Laurent," I had never spent 2 1/2 hours with a person and known or cared so little about him.
Saint Laurent is about image as much as fashion and aesthetics. Mirrors abound, and scenes play out in reflection.
Maybe two and a half hours is pushing things juuuuuust a touch.
It captures the tense flavor of a particularly heady time in Saint Laurent's life, during which he struggled with addiction and illness and juggled relationships ...
This is the way you should want your life presented on film - and no matter who you are - it would star the gorgeous, expressive Gaspard Ulliel.
Saint Laurent was a truly mythic figure. It's a shame that Bonello's film doesn't do him justice.
Repetitive, repulsive, empty while stuffed with cheap ennui and wholly lacking in either insight or inspiration, "Saint Laurent" is absolutely everything you don't want to see in a biographical film.
Heavy on dreamy imagery and light on facts and insights.
"Saint Laurent" is dazzling to behold, for a while. But at two-and-a-half hours, it gets old, especially if you're not familiar enough with the man's life story to piece together exactly what's happening.
The film is unique in that it's not a story about an artist's ascent toward triumph, but about his descent from triumph toward irrelevance and oblivion. D.B.
A purely visual exercise...unless you're willing to be satisfied with a handsome exterior, you won't find Bonello's film very involving.
Saint Laurent comes across as a prisoner of his own genius, at once compelling and pathetic.
A flamboyant but hollow exercise in glitz and pizzazz, Saint Laurent is a riot of colors, hedonism and nonsense.
The perfumed atmosphere concocted to capture a decade or so in the life of the seminal designer is simultaneously hectic and louche, moving in a hyperstylized swirl of texture and sensation... [a] confident re-creation of artistic certitude.
Bonello makes good use of mirrors and reflective surfaces throughout the film, all very fitting for a story about a boy as beautiful and as self-absorbed as Narcissus himself.
French director Bertrand Bonello therefore deserves some kind of ignominious prize for turning his lengthy, stylish biopic into a veritable snoozer.
The second Saint Laurent biopic in less than a year, and both films and both leading men are great. Amazing.
Watching Bertrand Bonello's new film is less Saint Laurent than The Saint Laurent Experience: It's the biopic as fever dream.
Bonello takes on the point of view of Saint Laurent himself, exposing a visionary world seen from within that is as strange and wonderful as that of a magnificently stitched garment turned inside out.
Dreamy and impressionistic, full of debauchery, drugs, disco, and dazzling couture, Saint Laurent is a biopic that picks its moments, leaving backstory behind.
The biopic captures a psychology and aesthetic in an exhilarating, sensual, cerebral fashion.
The film is allergic to insight: It's as numbed-out as its hero addict.
Evoking the era through period detail and occasional footage, director Bertrand Bonello has created a cautionary tale about the price of fame and celebrity.
Early stretches that show Yves (Gaspard Ulliel) commanding the seamstresses in his workshop or in a nightclub stalking a statuesque beauty he wants as his model are shot and composed impeccably, with a lustre that feels vintage.
Shallow and ill-fitting at 2 1/2 hours in length, it gets truly tedious - unless you're a fashion junkie.
Saint Laurent won't bring anyone closer to Yves. But it does capture why he loved them so much.
Saint Laurent understands that the surface is the substance here...
Bonello might as well have shown him sleeping eight hours or using the toilet for all that says about the man and his work.
Less a standard biography than a dramatic character study in the shape of a mosaic puzzle, "Saint Laurent" paints a touching and riveting retrospective of legendary fashion designer Yves Saint Laurent's life and work.
Clinical, exacting, superbly intuitive, Saint Laurent and his associates put painstaking effort into everything from the tension of a seam to the width of a lapel.
The most exciting part of the film is the designer's famous show of sumptuous Moroccan-inspired gowns, bursting with wild color and verve. It's thrilling to watch the collection brought together ...
It's the movie equivalent of a row of trophies, all with blank plaques, or a bust of some anonymous Ozymandias - a vision of greatness with all the memorable details sanded off.
If you come away remembering anything from this 150-minute movie as it overstays its welcome, it will be individual scenes rather than the overall effect, for that is where Bonello shines.
A mostly jumbled array of biographical swatches.
Shepherding you past security with a flash of a V.I.P. all-access pass, it confers instant insider status made even more alluring by the element of time travel.
Never less than a sensual delight. The editing craftily mimics Laurent's style, impeccably cut and full of stealth moves and weird angles that take you by surprise.
A shallow, confusing, 2-1/2-hour slog through the life of legendary French designer Yves Saint Laurent.
The film's overall energy and synth-scored kink is dizzying, especially in scenes of Yves waking up covered in snakes.
Too long by about an hour, director Bertrand Bonello's portrait of the French designer during his heyday, between 1967 and 1976, saunters as languidly as its subject through nightclubs, business dealings, fittings and drug-fueled bacchanals.
For those cinephiles who go weak at the knees for tortured artists and decadents, it's movie heaven.
Bonello still fails to crack the toughest biopic nut of them all: how to shape a human life into a compelling narrative.
A movie to get lost in - an old school epic of excess that recalls the stubbornly meandering cinema of Luchino Visconti.
Both emotionally and aesthetically authentic and highly watchable at all times.
Though it's sometimes abstract to a fault, Saint Laurent captures both the private frustration and the private sense of accomplishment that comes with making art.
So overlong and random that it spoils a mesmerizing lead performance and an appreciation for how big a deal with this artist/designer was, at his peak.
It's rare to see process - the making of anything - dealt with as clearly and poetically as it is in Saint Laurent. It's too bad the movie feels like a confusing, misshapen muslin.
It doesn't help that the characterizations, even of Saint Laurent himself, are often as thin as his models: Women, including Léa Seydoux as muse and friend Loulou, get especially short shrift.
Classily assembled but narratively diffuse.
The movie's best moments have a shivery eroticism and a trancelike intensity.
It's said that one must suffer to be beautiful. Thrilling in places, self-indulgent in others, Saint Laurent strongly suggests that one must suffer to make others beautiful.
For all its Viscontian sensation, the film well overstays the 150 minutes
No matter how much Bertrand Bonello varies his split screens, triptychs, and geometric screen divisions, he forgets that one of the most fashionable virtues is knowing when to leave.
[Bonello's] version is audacious and a bit snarky, delving into the designer's 1970s excesses without restraint ... Names are dropped ... and so are the pants.
Less of a classic, narrative biopic, and rather an emotion-fueled, loosely knit attempt to grasp and portray the spirit of Yves Saint Laurent's creativity and mindset.
For all its visual fizz, Bonello's film tells us nothing about the designer, save the usual pompous/concessive hero-worship.
...the film loves itself so much it renders itself beautiful, but utterly shallow.
Succeeds as a warts and all (booze, drugs, sex etc) story of a legendary fashion designer ...
Reflects more of the designer's tortured creative drive in its dark onyx surfaces; it's the slightly deranged auteur portrait that a fellow artist and iconoclast deserves.
As macho and phallus-worshipping as any Schwarzenegger action movie.
We can never have too many scenes of half-naked beautiful people spaced out in slo-mo to Giorgio Morodor-like music.

@highlight

A well-intentioned but frustratingly diffuse biopic, Saint Laurent proves an ironically poor fit for a look at the life of a fashion icon.