Its epic tale of two cultures tragically entwined is anchored by deep and elemental emotions.
This haunting film casts a wide swath that veers between obvious cliches and intensely visceral truths.
Worthwhile as an informative and touching reminder of the existence of a forgotten set of innocent victims of the Vietnam conflict.
An ambitious movie made on a modest budget, its intention is better than its execution.
The most stunning beauty comes in human connections, physical touch, unconditional acceptance, familial love - in the treacherous and tender terrain of the human heart.
"The Beautiful Country" touches on many thorny social issues about the way the world works, but it's ultimately Binh's story, a truthful and heartening one.
Norwegian director Hans Petter Moland's ambitious but bleak social problem film is compelling but never fully satisfies in its clumsy dramatics.
Some of the plotting borders on ludicrous, and newcomer Nguyen is pretty much charisma-free.
There's little said about what is driving Binh on this journey -- and without that, the trip is nearly as hard on audiences as it is on him.
A well-intentioned but not entirely successful blend of tragic melodrama, social-issue expose and compassionate portraiture...
It's beautiful in its simplicity, exhibiting the kindness people are capable of and how profound that can be.
...tells what could have been a bathetic story with persuasive compassion, admirable restraint and a painterly precision
What it badly needs is Terrell Owens; in other words, a reason to pay attention.
Unlike Oliver Stone's combative ... Heaven & Earth, The Beautiful Country mines peace and serenity from the hurtful, chaotic aftermath of the Vietnam War.
Beautiful movie about a young man's search for his past. Vietnam is indeed a beautiful country, but the way this movie is filmed, everywhere looks good.
The Beautiful Country provides a panorama without insight.
If the road to hell really is paved with good intentions, cliches and stock characters are the asphalt.
Conditions for the characters may be bleak, but their perseverance makes the story compelling.
[A] graceful and yet harrowing drama.
A poignant and affecting portrait of the war's lingering consequences.
The graceful arcs of character and plot make it an effective emotional film
At times, the movie feels like a manufactured Asian Chocolat, which drives the label 'art house movie' even further into mainstream banality.
Along with 1983's El Norte and 1963's America, America, The Beautiful Country conveys something essential about the immigrant experience.
Norwegian director Hans Petter Moland tells this poignant story with a reserved, passive camera that occasionally tests the limits of viewing patience.
Beauty amidst ugliness and inequity is the territory of Moland's wrenching saga of one young man's journey to America.
There's a lot to love about The Beautiful Country.
The film shows Binh's experience in lyrical, subtle, often extraordinary imagery.
This ambitious drama grapples with big themes -- identity, family, East-West conflict - but loses itself in melodrama, caricature and narrative missteps.
While Damien Nguyen is more than capable as an actor, the character is a little dull, perhaps a bit one-sided.
A good film that might have been a great one.
For much of the 125-minute running time, everything is so unrelentingly internalized it isn't until the very end it all almost magically clicks together, virtually slapping viewers across the face with its emotional resonating firepower.
The culminating shot in this graceful tale of Binh -- the Vietnamese son of a U.S. soldier -- reminds the viewer one final time how methodically compassionate Norwegian director Hans Petter Moland's film has been from lovely start to loving end.
Despite some artificial transitions, Binh's picaresque journey becomes emotionally resonant.
An intimate epic of the Vietnamese immigration experience, The Beautiful Country is a humane story of man's inhumanity.
A touching story built on conflict: emotional, cultural and physical.
A beautiful movie, lovingly crafted.
It's a heartening, rewarding experience to watch this journey -- and, especially, its end.
A textured, moving drama.
Norwegian director Hans Petter Moland, possibly sacrificing any hope for financial success, ensures that the film proceeds proportional to the speed of a real-life journey.
A melting pot of concepts and cultures comes together in this muddled but occasionally effective drama.
An affecting 'boat person' story with a predictable plot, but stunning cinematography by Stuart Dryburgh lifts it out of the ordinary and into the realm of art.
The storytelling is problematic -- Binh seems uncannily able to find the right people at the right time -- and the performances uneven.
Quiet, moving and beautifully shot drama.
The Beautiful Country has the epic scope of Oliver Stone's 1993 Vietnamese saga Heaven & Earth, and some of its problems as well.
For what works, credit Moland--a brilliant director who doesn't need this coattail.
A trite and troubled script makes it more a visual tirade than an engaging odyssey.
Buoyed by a low-key perf from Tim Roth en route and a splendid showing by Nick Nolte in the powerful final reels.
This movie has small ambitions and big emotions, a lean but honest and detailed script by Sabina Murray, and marvelous performances by everyone involved.
The subject is compelling but the story is very, very slow.
Sometimes I think that the feeling of movie-rush is just a figment of my imagination. Then, you see a film like The Beautiful Country and get that feeling again.
An epic journey worth taking.
Versatile, highly skilled Norwegian director Hans Petter Moland's poignant drama examines the lingering effects of U.S. intervention in Southeast Asia.
Viewers seeking a thoughtful and poignant alternative to the summer dreck will want to visit The Beautiful Country.
It's worth the price of a ticket.
The Beautiful Country charts the course of one such young man with sensitivity, some generic hand-wringing and, ultimately, a gentle steeliness
The movie grows steadily more arresting as it goes on and saves its best parts for last, as Binh inches closer to finding his dad.
A subtle yet powerful movie about a journey outward and inward.
Slow in the beginning, with a neophyte performance by lead Damien Nguyen, Nolte lends a helping hand with a weighty performance in the closing minutes.
...the type of film that will make you wonder about the story behind the face of every immigrant in the street.
A film that's less to be enjoyed than appreciated, this one teaches us about the depths one will go to find out who we are, no matter what others might say.
If Moland is a bit more interested in romantic melodrama than anthropology, the plight of the refugee still makes the intended emotional impact.
Binh's fascinating journey is particularly moving when you consider that millions of Asians had to make similar journeys to get to this country
It is hard not to admire the independence and ambition of The Beautiful Country, even if the film does fall short of its epic intentions.
Rewards the patient with an eloquent climactic sequence that is impossible to predict.
A tender and poignant cross-cultural tale of a young man's search for his father with a finale filled with grace and love and humility.
The moments of genuine feeling get wind-tossed on a sea of hard sell.
Norwegian director Hans Petter Moland lays on the pathos with a trowel, but the movie is carried by Nguyen's quiet competence.
A poorly-written melodrama which at times borders on the tedious
Inside the Norwegian director's glove of empathy is a fist of unappeasable anger.
Moland's humanistic story about xenophobia, man's persevering spirit, and life's bitter ironies only stumbles during its final act.
Immigration to America as a theme has been done, but 'The Beautiful Country' puts a fresh face on the topic.
Although one desperately wants to like this well-meaning film, it ultimately evokes tedium.
Beautiful country ia an emotionally compelling tale of an a young Vietnamese on an arduous journey from his homeland to Texas in search of his American father.
The details are surprisingly fresh, and the characters are vividly drawn.



@highlight

The plight of Asian refugees is sensitively rendered, and the movie builds, with the help of Nolte, to a wrenchingly poignant conclusion.