The idea is that everything will be more interesting if Sean Connery or Ingrid Bergman, rather than the characters they play, is suspected of having committed the foul deed. The device does not work, despite the [actors'] occasionally droll efforts.
This is easily the best screen adaptation of an Agatha Christie whodunnit and, for those unfamiliar with either book or film, the solution will take your breath away.
As with all Agatha Christie stories, the solution to the mystery is rather ingenious. You may or may not see that solution ahead of time, but it hardly matters. The real joy in her work are the questions rather than the answer.
Very enjoyable, but frankly, too many stars for its own good.
Wonderfully glamorous, classic whodunit still entertains.
What it needs to make it work is a strong cast, and this version certainly succeeds in that regard.
I'm as fond of "production values" as the next fellow, maybe fonder, but I don't wish to be force-fed them by a soulless dietitian who knows what I as a consumer ought to want.
The major fun in watching Sidney Lumet's glitzy version of Agatha Christie is spotting the stars and observing their accents and eccentricties
Agatha Christie's 1934 Hercule Poirot novel has been filmed for the first time in a bygone film style as it seems to be some treasure out of a time capsule.
Top heavy with suspects but low on thrills.
The formula can't fail: a first class journey on the '30s Orient Express, meticulous detail, a murder with all suspects aboard. In fact, the most suspect thing is the comfortable complacency of it all.
[A] terrifically entertaining super-valentine to a kind of whodunit that may well be one of the last fixed points in our inflationary universe.
All-star murder-mystery fun.
Only Finney goes to extra length here to play the finicky Poirot, though for some reason Bergman was singled out for an Academy Award.
Though the ending's pretty obvious, even for those who haven't read the book, you can't deny the power of this cast.
Lumet overcomes his difficulties in great style, and we're never for a moment confused (except when we're supposed to be, which is most of the time).
The real knockout performance comes from Finney, deservedly Oscar-nominated for an eccentric turn that's unlike anything else he's ever attempted.
Beautifully made and full of good one-liners.
Without a doubt Orient Express is a vastly entertaining film.
Lumet pulls off an incredible adaptation of a marvelous book.
Much of the film truly does belong to Finney's Poirot -- and to his scenes with Martin Balsam and George Colouris --all of which are endlessly entertaining and fascinating.
To paraphrase Comic Book Guy from the Simpsons, this is the: Best... Agatha... Christie... Adaptation... Ever.
[Lumet] uses the material only as a pretext for star turns, most of which turn much too heavily and much too slowly.










@highlight

Murder, intrigue, and a star-studded cast make this stylish production of Murder on the Orient Express one of the best Agatha Christie adaptations to see the silver screen.