What a big mess of locations and ideas and thoughts and terrible hairpieces this film is.
The film hits some obvious notes, and some sentimental ones, but it also surprises
Pride glosses over some facts; it never acknowledges the real-life Mark Ashton's commitment to the Communist Party, which inspired his progressive politics. Yet it succeeds as an entertaining.
[It] not only marks the 30th anniversary of the strike with respect, but honours the efforts of the late Mark Ashton with enormous pride.
Sentimental without being drippy, rollicking and rousing without being over-the-top, Pride (directed by Matthew Warchus) is the epitome of a feel good movie.
A film with the humble intention to move with something tangible and valuable as can be the simple goal of seeking the common good. [Full review in Spanish]
Pride has its audience-pleasing contrivances and the vaguest hint of cheese, and yet, nonetheless, it is fine and fabulous entertainment.
A top-flight cast gives it a rollicking, irresistibly entertaining reading that makes up for its occasional implausibilities and sanitised superficialities.
In this age of cultivated buddy lists, location-based hookup apps, circuit parties, Fire Island summer shares, open relationships and via-surrogacy parenthood, the reminder that "Pride" serves couldn't have come at a better time.
Pride is one of those movies you will see by chance and end up very satisfied. [full review in Spanish]
Matthew Warchus does a great job telling the story in a fun way with perfect comedic timing. [full review in Spanish]
A very touching movie. [full review in Spanish]
A nicely told story about acceptance, solidarity and hard work between two different groups of people. [full review in Spanish]
The cast here is impressive.
Guilty of sanitising the struggles to which it pays its respects.
Within its limits, it's tremendously perceptive and warm and good-humored.
Small moments of thoughtless homophobia and union-bashing stick in the craw, successfully engendering empathy across apparently wide distances.
In its total inspirational sweep, it earns comparison to the movement it chronicles - as an organized, well-calculated piece of political theater.
This film moves effortlessly from some pretty intense dramatic moments to hilarious scenes showcasing the contrasting lifestyles of the gay and straight worlds to some vignettes of incredible poignancy.
This portrayal of the unlikely 1980s alliance between London gay-rights activists and striking Welsh miners is, quite simply, one of the best movies of the year so far.
No matter how much this story has been streamlined for accessibility's sake, its import remains potent. In spite of numerous missteps, Pride gets that across.
With heart and hope, the film becomes a feel-good triumph of statement and sentiment, equally entertaining, affecting and important.
Tapping the formula that worked so well for The Full Monty and Billy Elliot, Pride adds some feel-good moments of its own in a broad, light and characterful romp that smuggles in some powerful, serious points about unity and togetherness.
Though Pride hits the expected beats-the soundtrack swells and a little old lady asks if all lesbians are vegetarians-it's so ebullient that it just feels shrewish to resist.
The important twist is that Pride seems to capture the essence of reality, giving it the recognition it deserves. Truth really is stranger than fiction, and Pride tells that truth with flair.
It's to the particular credit of Beresford's canny script that darkness hovers on the periphery, however moving a celebratory finish that should soften the most resistant heart.
Pride depicts an interesting bit of history, but its real message is about two vilified and marginalised groups who discover comradeship, solidarity and Bronski Beat.
Both Beresford's script and Warchus's direction are too sure-footed to fall into the vat of schmaltz that might have been waiting for them, and throughout, the film mixes humour and pathos to great effect.
The script's many small moments are catnip for the cast.
It gets a bit too warm and fuzzy - bordering on manipulative - at the end, but this is an important story proving that activists with ingenuity can build improbable political coalitions.
While director Matthew Warchus may not do justice to the film's more serious source material as he combines this bite of history with blatant fabrication and raucous humor, this tale of two struggles is vibrantly entertaining.
[A] mediocre British dramedy.
[Pride] is bright, perky and ostentatiously warm-hearted. I hated almost every minute.
The theme is solidarity against adversity, and the movie is unironically uplifting.
While Pride does have a lot to like about it, including a fantastic ensemble and a positive, uplifting message, sadly the film is smothered in a little too much excess, which in turn makes it not work as well as it might have.
While you could name the contents of Pride's cluttered collection of culture clashes and personal revelations well before they are laid out, the emotional authenticity of the movie... will swiftly win you over without warning.
A warm-hearted, feel-good comedy that embraces its 1980s setting and highlights a small piece of forgotten history.
Amidst all its clumsiness, the film does hit an uplifting note in its final segment, making the point that equality is a matter of human rights, not sexuality.
Some of the true-life details might be embellished, but this crowd-pleasing British drama is charming and heartfelt enough to compensate.
Directed with economy and beautifully acted by all concerned (Staunton, in female battle-ax mode, is particularly great), Pride ends on a note that is guaranteed not to leave a dry eye in the theater.
You not only have the feel-great hit of the year, but an inspirational story of how disparate communities are always closer than they think.
It's impossible to single out one performance. Family feeling animates the whole cast and as the fight against bigotry intensifies, so does the spirit of mutual affection. It's the real thing, Ealing revisited in brighter plumage.
Pride offers all the virtues we expect from an English comedy. It's dry, surprising, compassionate, politically savvy, emotionally rewarding and stacked to the gills with great actors doing solid work.
Barriers tumble & pride is upheld as the tapestry of emotions is woven together when gay and lesbian activists become staunch supporters of striking miners. The heart of Billy Elliott and the conviction of Milk..
Pride finds an effortless balance between both the frosted and whole wheat sides of Warchus's narrative, blending belly laughs with appropriate levels of sobriety.
A film that deals with serious matters but does so in a way that makes it an irresistible crowd-pleaser.
This is a movie that fully earns its every emotional pull and has the wisdom -- and structure -- to dole them out through the film with amazing canniness.
Leans less toward cuteness a bit more toward earnestness.
Uplifting, amusing, emotional and always entertaining...
As bold and big of an audience-pleaser as I've seen all year, practically determined to reach out from the screen and high-five each ticket-buyer.
Schmaltzy and formulaic, but also lively and sincere.
Warchus really knows how to stage musical theater for the movies. He makes you want to dance. More amazing, however, is that he also makes you want to vote.
Without the well-honed, and not overly maudlin script, "Pride" would not have become the testament to support, commitment and love that it is.
In the crowd-pleasing mode of "Norma Rae", "Pride" is filled with humor to soften the more serous dramatic moments.
'Pride' smartly gets out of its own way and lets the story of these determined and courageous individuals stand for itself.
Pride takes a footnote in the history of Britain's crippling yearlong industrial action and gives it a human face.
Simultaneously touching and funny while being relevant to current events and respectful of the issues involved.
A funny, moving, audience-rousing experience, one that comes out of the closet without quite leaving the safety of the Britcom genre.
It's a feel-good movie that does more than temporarily lift your spirits - it makes you feel a little better about the world, and about our capacity to set aside differences and clasp hands.
A zesty tale of common cause that bursts at the seams with fine performances.
"Pride" leaves the viewer in the satisfied throes of all of those emotions: happy and sad, buoyed and chastened, and wondering, finally, what the world might look like if solidarity really could be forever.
A thoroughly enjoyable movie.
One one level, "Pride" is as fake as a lip-sync revue, yet the emotions it arouses are real.
Some of the characters come from life, others are invented. The sterling actors in "Pride" draw no such distinction.
With its crowd-pleasing demonstration that the enemy of your enemy is your friend, "Pride" should leave audiences smiling and inspired. But it would have been a much more groundbreaking film if it had been released 30 years ago.
Goes down easy--easier than it should, actually.
Oh, it's feel-good, no question about it. But it's also absorbing, important and inspiring.
If Pride manages to be somewhat reductive in its depiction of equal rights activism, at least it's reductive in the right direction.
Pays heartwarming testament to the flexibility of solidarity.
Feel-good. Also, manipulative. And pandering.
Endearing...
The feel-good movie of the fall.
[VIDEO ESSAY] All attempts fail at forcing a by-the-numbers narrative template on a fact-based story about unlikely bedfellows uniting against Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher's mid '80s reign of anti-union and anti-gay rhetoric and public policies.
That intriguing premise alone makes it worth giving Pride a look. A strong cast and a powerful story - based on real events, though one only learns that as the final credits roll - makes it a film worth recommending.
A likable film more in the spirit of "Footloose" than agitprop. A reminder of the powerful solidarity that was possible in an era far removed from our own ugly, profit-driven world.
The film's high spirits are genuinely infectious. And it says something that 30 years after the events it depicts, Pride should feel so unexpectedly rousing.
Director Warchus and screenwriter Stephen Beresford create a series of heartfelt moments that work like a well-timed fireworks display.
Inspiring. Despite a number of one-dimensional characters (especially where the women are concerned) and less-than-subtle directorial flourishes, (the film) succeeds greatly on the strength of its cast and undeniably powerful true story.
Pride overstuffs itself with too many characters and too many subplots, but the impact of these musical moments, along with a stellar ensemble of actors, make this an effective feel-good movie about fighting the power.
Winning English dramedy has some language, risque moments.
A movie you can laugh along and dance to, and may well become the very first musical in London's West End to bring disco to the grim Welsh coal mines.
If Pride were a politician, you'd want to vote for it, march for it, and sign up to make calls for it.
The characters in "Pride" may exist in a frothy cinematic contraption, but all is not sunshine and roses.
A British version of those old Hollywood films about bigotry that always decried how terrible it used to be in the South.
A raucous celebration of discordant groups uniting against oppression.
It's bland as a communion wafer, for the most part, but that at least means it goes down easy enough.
The kind of hearty, blunt-force drama with softened edges that leaves audiences applauding and teary-eyed.
Much of 'Pride' is about regurgitating cliches from a bygone era of cinema. Two decades removed they no longer seem irksome. Now they're comfort food.
"Pride" is an unapologetic crowd-pleaser of a movie, but it has some potent points to make, and the reality of what happened has a power of its own.
A real crowd-pleaser, Pride is perfect for this era of broad, largely uncontroversial acceptance of gays and lesbians.
Pride hits some bumpy patches when it switches gears between comedy and gentle pathos, which it does often. But its spirit is bold enough to power through the rough spots.
What's admirable about "Pride" is that it avoids melodrama and leaves you walking out of the theater with a lump in your throat and a smile on your face.
Pride has a lot going for it-and the performances, especially [Bill] Nighy's, bring the film the classiness and nuance it needs.
A joyous, well-researched and liberating film ...
A feel-good movie with crackerjack ensemble acting that captures a victory over bigotry in the UK of 1985.
The laughs are on a level with the moments that bring a lump to the throat in a film that never feels less than organic and always feels surprising and alive.
Warchus has directed many successful theatrical productions, including musicals, and in this, his first movie in more than a decade, he appears to have an instinctive grasp of film tempo and mood.
The film the tough true story has spawned is as formulaically cheery, didactically "uplifting," and fundamentally false as a Disney sports movie.
By living by the tenets of its characters the film overcomes any genre trappings, delivering a resounding and irresistible call to action.
It rightly and joyously gets to celebrate things that are rarely found in films set in modern-day Britain, such as political idealism and activism, community spirit, political bookshops, and sympathetic trade-unionists.
It's a sweet, well-intentioned film.
Pride takes a subject that might be considered earnest or marginal and smuggles it through in jazzy, feel-good colours.
Based on a true story, this crowd-pleasing comedy-drama is such a joy to watch that it wears our faces out with all the smiling, laughing, crying and cheering.
One of the most irresistibly uplifting films of the year - for any audience.
There are also plenty of shrewd insights into the period the film depicts, starting with the gay activists' decision to raise funds for the striking miners... they both get bashed by the cops and tabloids.
Considerable shades of The Full Monty crossed with Brassed Off, all laced with a refreshing degree of sexual honesty and some brilliant one-liners.
Social history just doesn't get more fun than Pride
One of the rare movies that gets absolutely everything right, bursting with happy-tears emotion about solidarity, friendship, and smashing bigotry.
A simplistic, featherweight cornball.
The miners saw their livelihoods destroyed. Wouldn't it be lovely if they wound up getting the last laugh?
This is a rousing, big-hearted British triumph that sweeps you along on a tide of bittersweet tears and hearty laughter.
Even if you cannot abide Pride's simplistic politics, or its synth-pop soundtrack, it's a stirring enough conclusion. You'll laugh, as they say. You'll cry.
A clear winner that makes you laugh, cry, and generally want to party and parade like it's 1984. Respect.
A dose of tolerance medicine that tastes good.
An unflinching political polemic that also manages to be one of the funniest films of the year.
Pride [is] a Brit dramedy that is a crowd-pleaser in the best sense of the word. Even when it's tugging hard at your heartstrings, you believe the damn thing.
Warchus is a theatre director by trade, and Pride vibrates with the same energy and uplift as a great stage show. It chases applause, and earns it.
Some stories are worth getting misty-eyed about, and some crowd-pleasers really please.
There are so many opportunities for Pride to be twee, or patronizing, or sentimental, and instead it's relentlessly sharp and subtle, some of the most joyously human storytelling you'll see on screen this year.
It's a joyous film, full of love and warmth but unafraid to admit that with sticking out your neck comes struggle and sorrow.
The once-ubiquitous 'Full Monty' formula is alive, well and still irresistible
Pride is a warming, big-hearted affair which fully embraces the principles it so wonderfully portrays, turning itself into a lesson in compassion.
A feel-good charmer with an important message, Pride will have you clutching your sides, wiping your eyes and punching the air in triumph. Could this be this decade's Full Monty?
Director Matthew Warchus coaxes great performances from a fine ensemble cast, while first-time screenwriter Stephen Beresford deftly balances tears with some very big laughs.
This political earnestness is rare in modern mainstream cinema, but Pride works from a rock-solid conviction that success lies in cooperation, understanding and empathy.
Overall the film is so warmhearted, its themes of friendship and mutual respect so resonant, that few will begrudge it such heightened moments.
Loud, proud and glad to be gay (and lesbian), Pride winningly records an improbable moment of recent history.
A terrific British film that is set to be the next The Full Monty.
Director Matthew Warchus strikes the near-perfect tone.
A bitterly divisive strike in Margaret Thatcher's Britain fosters an unlikely union of solidarity between embattled mineworkers and militant gays in this rousing true story.
It's impossible not to smile or be moved during this film and it manages to mostly avoid schmaltzy cliches thanks to a series of sympathetic and entertaining performances from its cast.
Pride does not push the medium into new territory and was certainly not the most challenging or complex film in Cannes, but it was the one that moved us the most.
A rousing and joyful testimony to a situation that at the time offered little to laugh about. Pride reminds us to be proud of those men and women, and what they achieved.
You are a dirty liar if you aren't a tiny bit moved at the end.
It is warm and witty, with terrific performances; Stephen Beresford's script is fast and funny and there's a rousing musical score from Chris Nightingale.

@highlight

Earnest without being didactic and uplifting without stooping to sentimentality, Pride is a joyous crowd-pleaser that genuinely works.