It mostly feels as if it has been thrown together over a weekend (both the writing and the direction). But the script crackles and spits.
Sweet, funny and delightfully acerbic, watching actress Lily Tomlin do her best work since earning an Oscar nom for 1976's Nashville is monumental in itself.
A great role for a truly great talent, who just happens to be in her 70s. The movie is just under 90 minutes, but Tomlin delivers in that short time. Her wise-cracking one-liners are tempered by a real sense of loss and vulnerability.
Written and directed by Paul Weitz, Grandma is wickedly funny, emotionally intelligent and also very brave.
... Grandma is overall a funny, thoughtful, occasionally sad film about several generations of women in a family trying to deal with one another, anchored by Lily Tomlin's fantastic performance.
It's a modest film that more than pays off its investment. (Among those who an take credit is Andrew Miano, one of the film's producers and a native Buffalonian.)
You realize you're watching a movie-finally!-about a teenager who has an abortion and turns out fine, and it couldn't seem more honest.
[Grandma] is an entirely unimaginatively directed melange of indie aesthetic cliches.
At a mere 80 minutes, Paul Weitz's character-driven comedy may be slight, but it offers plenty of insight and humor. And, more importantly, as whole lotta Lily.
Weitz assembles an outstanding cast in Grandma to deliver social commentary wrapped in off-the-cuff, smart dialogue...
Weitz may not end up making us like this hard-nosed Grandma. Some of us, though, manage to end up understanding her. And that may be all that's needed.
Lily Tomlin is simply phenomenal as the very liberal, short-tempered grandma. She hasn't been in a lot of movies of late, so it's easy to forget that while she's best known for her comedic work, she's always been a fine dramatic actress.
Lily Tomlin and her female counterparts excel in this drama/comedy/road movie hybrid -- a warm, small film, not earth-shattering, but genuine.
Tomlin carries it off with a world-weary, deadpan delivery reminiscent of the great Buster Keaton.
It's a character study and morality play and bildungsroman, subtly executed and lovingly performed.
Grandma is a tiny, precious delight.
The best thing about Grandma, other than Tomlin's furious and funny performance, is that Elle never gets too cuddly.
It is one of those performances, like Bruce Dern in 'Nebraska' or Julie Christie in 'Away from Her,' that seems a culmination of everything that's great about a beloved actor, and a celebration of them.
Lily Tomlin is hilarious and heart-felt as Elle in the film Grandma, directed by Paul Weitz (About a Boy, Nick and Norah's Infinite Playlist).
A charming gem of a film.
In director and writer Paul Weitz's mix of drama and comedy, there are stand-out performance from Lily Tomlin and Sam Elliott.
Tomlin delivers a giant performance without which the film would evaporate into mist.
Grandma may be a short film, but unlike many other films in the genre, does not let go at any time thanks to its beautiful story and great performances from actresses. [Full review in Spanish]
Wonderfully, aggressively feminist, a rare crossgenerational portrait of two women getting to know each other amidst a crisis. Smart and acerbically funny.
Grandma never intended to be more than the feel good movie it is. [Full Review in Spanish]
Grandma is a crowd-pleaser potent with Tomlin's DNA, from the razor-sharp wit in dialogue to the way the movie itself speaks to sometimes pointed, but necessary ends.
Paul Weitz, the co-creator of American Pie, wrote the clever, consistently funny, surprisingly affecting script especially for Tomlin, who hearts back with one of the best performances of the year.
Lily Tomlin is a tridimensional and unforgettable character, you cant keep your eyes off the screen. [Full review in Spanish]
A modest but effective feminist dramedy. [Full Review in Spanish]
It's a movie that invites reflection, but is also entertaining. [Full Review in Spanish]
Grandma [is] a transgressive and innovative option for the audience and not just a film about unwanted pregnancies, abortion, homosexualtiy or feminism. [Full Review in Spanish]
Lily Tomlin is excellent as Elle. [Full Review in spanish]
Tomlin is undone by much of the dialogue, even when you get a sense she's putting her own brash spin on it.
A comedy with hints of drama and a simple plot, but with a strong message. [Full review in Spanish]
A fresh and intelligent film about scorned women but also really strong. A comedy to enjoy with your family. [Full review in Spanish]
...a lot more conventional than it pretends.
A bracing, very entertaining little road movie with more grit and gumption than the subject matter might have suggested.
This is the sort of accomplished indie film that we have been missing the last few years, one that couldn't be made in the mainstream but which tells a recognisable, important human story without feeling preachy.
With not a wasted frame in its taut 80 minutes, this is deserving of your attention as one of the year's best movies even if it's being released in the middle of August.
The fabulous Lily Tomlin finally gets the lead role she deserves in this smart, engaging comedy-drama.
Given the film comes in at a shade under 80 minutes, Weitz deserves credit for packing a lot in; it's an economical movie in every way, but one rich in life ...
A story about intergenerational bonding in a non-icky way, it's not for the whole family, but it is one hell of a ride for anyone with a lot of miles on the biological clock.
Grandma is a slight, yet entertaining character study, anchored by Tomlin's formidable turn as a fiercely independent woman, who continues to blaze a trail in her later years.
Were Oscar voters to nominate Tomlin for a Best Actress award, it would definitely cause waves. Here's hoping.
It's the film's intelligent and amusing exploration of family rifts and relationships between women that make it a genuine must-see.
The picture touches on several pertinent themes including youth versus experience, love and loss and Lily Tomlin deserves awards recognition but it is never quite funny or powerful enough.
This is Tomlin's show, and she makes it her own. When Elle jokes early on about "transmogrifying my life into art", you get the sense that Tomlin is doing the same.
The film belongs to Tomlin and Garner, who spark off one another in a way that makes this a captivating watch.
Grandma is a gem of a film with a very abrasive edge.
Tomlin ... compellingly plays Elle with a tart combination of anger and latterly sorrow as the movie sets up for a huge emotional sucker punch.
Not nearly enough films these days tell strong, rounded stories quite as concisely as this. Three cheers for Grandma.
Acerbic, unexpected and quietly heart-warming without ever approaching sappy, this takes a no-nonsense approach to big issues - life, love and ageing - and never feels heavy-handed.
Grandma may not always know best, but it's nearly always funny and absorbing, and there are moments of emotional perspicacity to make you gulp.
In Grandma, Lily Tomlin is entertainingly and terrifyingly eccentric as a ballbreaker of a grandmother.
Maybe a bit predictable, and you just know that this feisty oldster is going to spark up a picturesque joint. But Tomlin sells it.
Although the end is not as daring as I might have hoped, and may be rather sentimental - there I go, picking holes again - this is still lovely. Not intergalactically lovely, but lovely all the same.
A fun way to spend an hour and 19 minutes, if not a major work.
By turns laugh-out-loud funny, heart-warming and powerfully emotional, the film is a feel-good joy from start to finish.
Utterly refreshing and even a little heartwarming, this story of a crabby old lady has vitality and swagger to spare.
Tomlin gets full mileage out of her curmudgeonly lines, and she and Garner have such great comic chemistry that it's easy to overlook the thinness of Sage's character.
Its female figures fail to represent the real state of moral and social topic, they all act in extreme black and white, no gray area. [Full Review in Spanish]
In the just-opened Grandma Lily Tomlin gives a performance that is more than Oscar-worthy - it is, in fact, a kind of summation of her career to date.
This is a sketch, but it's a memorable one, and you sense that it's at the beginning of something: geezer cinema, a look at the baby boomers today after they've succeeded, or failed, or come out, or stayed in.
Even though Grandma never tries to be more than a feel good movie, it would've worked better if the characters woudl've been better writen and the situations where more realistic. [Full review in Spanish]
[Grandma features] Tomlin's best work, playing not a caricature but a living, breathing character of uncompromising passions and credible contradictions.
Aided by a larger-than-life performance from Ms. Tomlin, he reveals the complex layers beneath the dour exterior of a maligned archetype.
Tomlin is incredible.
Grandma has no right being as effective, emotional and enjoyable as it is. But sometimes simple is good.
Writer-director Paul Weitz turns in a generous, handcrafted piece in which everyone shines.
The temptation to soften Grandma, to sentimentalize her character or sweeten her encounters with people she has cast aside over a long life, must have been almost irresistible. Luckily, writer-director Paul Weitz resisted it.
The movie is both hysterically funny and heartbreaking, but Weitz somehow makes you laugh without making light of serious issues.
At less than 80 minutes, the movie takes its time to let people have surprisingly frank discussions and, given the central topic, it doesn't chicken out about what's at stake.
Both funny and unexpectedly moving.
Tomlin's versatility rarely has been nurtured so well, and she's a joy to watch, whether she's big and loud, or silent and poignant.
It does not have the most deeply drawn characters or invigorating plot. But what it does have is pretty special: Lily Tomlin.
Breezy comedy that dials in on abortions, aging and various other sensitive feminist issues.
Grandma is more benchmark than Hallmark.
Acerbic, insightful comedic drama, highlighted by Tomlin's peppery performance.
Lily Tomlin's performance as the rascally old Elle belongs on short lists for 2015 acting awards.
Lily Tomlin earned an Oscar nomination for her first film role, in Robert Altman's "Nashville," 40 years ago. Her performance in "Grandma" should make her a strong candidate for a much-belated second.
It's a mellow journey backed by an acoustic guitar soundtrack, never building any emotional response stronger than the warm fuzzies.
Weitz isn't aiming for sweeping profundity, instead making a character study that's small, sour and sweet - like one of those hard candies your grandma had in a bowl by the front door.
Short, tart, yet unexpectedly sweet, Paul Weitz's "Grandma" is a small-scale character study - and, because that character is played by the great Lily Tomlin, it's mesmerizing, right up until its final frame.
Weitz is lucky Tomlin signed on; her prickly performances distracts us from the symphony of false notes in the script.
Grandma is tart, smart and short.
The ride is one worth taking to see Tomlin in her element.
It's a delight to see Tomlin doing once more what she's supposed to be doing: making us laugh with her sharp-tongued wit, while making us feel something deeper inside.
Fast-paced, funny, filled with witty lines and yet suffused with a deep melancholy, Grandma provides Lily Tomlin with her best role in ages.
Grandma is one of those indies with a very familiar Hollywood arc. Its main pleasures aren't in the writing, but in the against-the-grain texture of Tomlin's performance.
But "Grandma" belongs to Tomlin. She gets under the skin of Elle, creating a complex woman who has lived life on her own terms and is accepting the price she paid. The role could earn Tomlin an Academy Award nomination.
Lily Tomlin delivers an Oscar-worthy performance in "Grandma" - funny, rattled, cranky, worried, aggressive, vulnerable and loving.
[Grandma] plays to [Tomlin's] wry humor, her frustrations with the silliness and unfairness of life and her refusal to "play nice" simply to get along
The movie is slight and, at 75 minutes without end credits, barely qualifies as a feature-length film. But Tomlin is a wonder, the embodiment of a woman who isn't at all melancholy or remorseful as she slides into her golden years.
You're happy to follow this movie over the river and through the woods.
Don't let that comforting title fool you. "Grandma" is no sugary-sweet smoothie for viewers of a certain AARP age.
"Grandma" is a small film, but one with huge things to say about the meaning of family and the value of living on one's own terms.
Tomlin's Grandma is summer's best superhero, a career high screen turn.
The film tells a simple story with a precise, unflinching focus on its characters.
Lily Tomlin a natural - 'Grandma' deeply sad
Even while recognizing the calculation behind Weitz's method, you can't help but enjoy the vivacity with which Tomlin brings the manipulative material to life.
There are some terrifically strong scenes and terrific actors contributing to them.
It's predictable in many places and acerbic in others, sentimental when you expect it and poignant when you don't. But it stars Lily Tomlin, and that's all you really need to know.
Although it sometimes struggles to balance outrageous with sensitive, this comedy of female bonding has big laughs and a big heart.
Grandma holds its ground by having the right actors say the right things the right way, however wrong those words might sound at times. It is a quiet storm of a film that stealthily moves you when you least expect it.
Tailor-made for the great Lily Tomlin...Yeah, the circumstances are contrived, but easy enough to accept as long as they're forcing interesting dynamics into seriocomic confrontation.
Weitz leaches the tough situations of emotional difficulty; the sentimental drama is a superhero movie for liberals.
Grandma boasts a strong, female ensemble cast that is as diverse as it is talented.
More gut-wrenching than belly-busting.
Most of us aren't lucky enough to have a grandma as cool as Lily Tomlin, but at least this gives a chance to pretend.
Tomlin is in every frame of the story: sarcastic, vulnerable, tough, wise, foolish, sentimental, stubborn, and stubbornly, beautifully, perfect in her imperfections.
Viewer reaction will largely depend on how one views the topic of abortion, spending time with such misanthropic characters, and road trip plots in general. (Full Content Review - Sex, Nudity, Violence, Profanity, etc. - for Parents available)
This is an entertaining, affecting movie about mothers, daughters, lovers, and the choices we make and how they shape us and others.
This is Tomlin's first leading role in a film in 27 years, and even though she is sharing the screen with multiple generations of fine actors, nearly every moment in this movie is all hers.
The acting is uniformly fine -- Greer is terrific and the wonderful Elizabeth Peña gives one of her last performances as a cafe owner. But the film lacks the consistency to be truly memorable.
It is about the families we create and the perfect love we must feel for imperfect people.
Director Paul Weitz's original story wobbles between satisfying moments of Elle's lefty defiance (she's shocked that Sage knows X-Men's Mystique but not The Feminine Mystique), and gestures that are depressingly obvious.
The pistol-packin' granny has been a comedy archetype for years, but it turns out to be the role of a lifetime for Lily Tomlin, whose tour de force performance lights up this well-written escapade by Paul Weitz.
A smart work where the jokes depend on truths, not punchlines, to work.
Lily Tomlin - comedian, activist, national treasure and natural wonder - deftly balances a dazzling star turn and deeply felt character study in "Grandma."
Weitz strips everything down for efficiency in "Grandma." The writing is relentlessly on point, and often lacks breathing room, but some films settle for being workable showcases for their interpreters.
Weitz, in a script clearly written for Tomlin, has given her the best role of her career - and she runs with it.
Elliott's compact, impassioned work deserves praise, and Tomlin's great, too, the entire movie.
[S]mart, elemental comedy... [T]he bittersweet comic ride is largely Tomlin's, playing sardonic, weary, and writerly with a maximum of grace and a minimum of fuss.
The best thing here is Harden, who gets the most strongly written part, with the highest degree of difficulty.
"Grandma" is a brisk, moving, bittersweet film that displays the singular talents of Lily Tomlin -- especially her ability to fuse acerbic and cranky with empathic and sincere ...
Though the road trip story has been done many times before but "Grandma" has a lot of heart, even in its clichés. And, there is Lily Tomlin
Though it's loaded with laugh lines, Grandma is saturated in melancholy and an irreversible sense of loss.
The cast is uniformly good, although Tomlin overdoes the crusty-crone routine.
Feisty, sometimes funny, intense coming-of-age tale.
I walked into a screening of the film a mild skeptic, and I left nearly in tears, and grateful for where writer-director Paul Weitz and a remarkable cast led by Lily Tomlin took me.
"Grandma" isn't a movie for audiences looking for group hugs or pat endings. But if you want a real picture of an intimidating, uncompromising and sometimes unbearable woman ... it's a good place to start.
Weitz's film moves from clunky domestic dramedy to genuine feminist odyssey.
A character-driven comedy about a transition point in an elder's life where she is forced to look at all her relationships.
Tomlin's impressive performance can only elevate the movie beyond its predictable storyline so much.
...the screenplay's comedic elements are serviceable at best.
Grandma is slender, plot-wise, and Weitz allows a few scenes to get too broad. But many charm with deadpan humor ... or vibrate with a vivid awkwardness.
It's an artful, funny, endlessly surprising little acting and writing showcase that shows just how far it's possible for writers to take tired, clichéd characters, by treating them as human beings and caring what goes on underneath the surface ...
A snapshot of a life taken over the course of one day, the latest comedy-drama from writer-director Paul Weitz captures the small bits of sadness that fill up the margins of most people's existence.
The film is a scrappy delight that opens up feelings you can't laugh off. Tomlin, the sorceress, leaves you dazzled and devastated.
Honestly, the wonder that is "Grandma" can be summed up in two words: Lily Tomlin.
Paul Weitz has created a perfect role for Lily Tomlin, a woman who matches her innate wisdom, charisma and wit.
Smart and sweet, mature and bawdy, knowing its characters' flaws yet open to the possibilities of people acting upon their best instincts. It is without a doubt one of the year's best films, even as it lands in theaters amidst the late-summer doldrums.
The movie's ace in the hole is Tomlin, for whom Weitz wrote the movie, and she is quietly, authoritatively and award-worthy astonishing.
The light-handed pacing belies all that writer-director Paul Weitz packs in: abortion, politics, aging, health care, sexuality, economics and the radical notion that a woman can be the subject of her own life.
Writer-director Paul Weitz's proudly boisterous star vehicle for Lily Tomlin has about as many ambitions as it does delusions.
Even with Tomlin getting a too-rare lead role, it can be easy to resist 'Grandma,' which is alternately foul-mouthed and heartfelt, often right on the beat.
It's about grief and the importance of moving on.
It gradually settles and deepens into something nuanced and moving, a character study that's not so much about aging, specifically, as it is about the great and awful process of getting to know yourself.
What should have been a delightfully smart, unapologetially feminist vehicle for Lily Tomlin has a certain telling, near-antiseptic emptiness, largely due to a shallow script.
This is Tomlin's movie, and she obliges with a spiky, refreshingly unvarnished performance.
Hands down, front to back, top to bottom, this film excels and soars on the work of Academy Award nominated actress Lily Tomlin. I can't recall a time when she's been more vulnerable, available, and prodigious as she demonstrates in Weitz's picture.
Quick, sharp and superior to the similar Juno, Grandma runs with fresh humor, biting satire, a little craziness and feminist politics
It gives a national treasure who never asked to become one, Lily Tomlin, a showcase to display everything she's got as a performer, especially the offhand courage to not play at being likable.
Grandma is Lily Tomlin in her first lead role since Big Business in 1988 and that's recommendation enough. It's a mix of the erudite, the tough and the goofy.
Lily Tomlin sets her sights on Oscar glory as Elle Reid in writer/director Paul Weitz's razor-sharp character-driven comedy/drama, Grandma.
"Grandma" is a simple story, but the script imbues it with deep reserves of emotional depth and meaning that are slowly, organically revealed over the course of the plot.
Not what you'd call a well-made movie, but at least it has the good sense to let Lily Tomlin run wild for ninety minutes or so.
This is a sublime, comic journey, and a superb Lily has seldom been better.
Weitz wisely has no time for fluff - these are clever women charting tricky territory and spending 78 minutes in their company is an easy choice to make.
The idea that Lily Tomlin's character is some straight-talking firecracker simply for saying things most of the audience probably agrees with is kind of patronizing, isn't it? This is a movie far too impressed with its own very mild edginess.
A perfectly pleasant mix of humor and drama that will remind you how much Lily Tomlin is missed as a regular fixture in movies.
An initially breezy family comedy about mothers, daughters and abortions that slowly sneaks up on you and packs a major wallop.
Possibly the greatest thing about Grandma is that it passes the Bechdel test with flying colours, better than any film I've seen recently.
A sublime match of performer and role.

@highlight

Boasting a stellar performance from Lily Tomlin and some powerfully empathetic work from writer-director Paul Weitz, Grandma is a dramedy that shouldn't have to ask you to visit.