It's to the actors' credit that they retain their authenticity amidst all these well-cast but cartoonishly drawn cutouts. Then again, perhaps Mendes's point was to throw Burt and Verona into relief by making everyone else a little ridiculous,
I began to realize why I'd been resisting the film all along, in spite of its dogged charm. None of the places the couple visit seems remotely real.
Overall, the movie was touching, funny at times, and really conveyed an imperfect couple's search for the perfect parenthood.
In this movie about finding a place to call home, the final destination is telegraphed almost immediately - and it's a postcard spot that looks as artificial as the conflict that got us there.
Away We Go is a thoughtful attempt to refine a meaning of marriage and family, to locate it, plant it and root it.
This movie lives in a bubbleland of its main two characters' heads, who shamble along to and fro, never really engaging the planet or stepping outside themselves in any noteworthy way.
While the rest of us have been sitting around contentedly with 3-D glasses on our faces, Sam Mendes has been quietly redefining the American family drama.
Really deserved to have a bigger following.
"Away We Go" shared the similarly episodic flutter of familial comedy with "Flirting with Disaster," but evolved to something more than a screwball finish. Ultimately, home represents only all that we can control of the sadness that surrounds us.
Delicado, inteligente e sensível como o casal principal, este talvez seja o mais coeso dos trabalhos de Mendes ao substituir seu cinismo e pessimismo habituais por uma visão doce e otimista da natureza humana.
Nails the melancholy state of being both unsure about living in this world and essentially hopeful about it.
Despite his reputation as a visually stylish director, Sam Mendes has taken a very low-key approach to Away We Go and by doing so has made his best film since American Beauty.
Sam Mendes' Away We Go is two thirds of a good film. Many good laughs. A decent concept. No follow through.
Mendes paints in broad strokes, but in this case he seems little more than an interpreter of his screenwriters' obsession with innocence.
An unconvincing premise is turned into a must-see heartwarming romantic comedy.
Away We Go is merely a bemused sigh of relief. It is not the most memorable film of recent times, but does little wrong as it goes about its business.
This story of a couple searching for connection and finding in the main grotesques, should be a touch more charming that it actually is. A hint of smugness mars the tone of the film.
It's the sincerity of the performances by Krasinski and Rudolph that makes you want to see how the journey will end for the couple they play.
The fact that director Sam Mendes always gives off the impression that he's oh-so-much-smarter than his characters doesn't help.
The film is a bit too sentimental and rather flat, despite some amusing scenes
Parenthood, relationships and belonging are the themes of this occasionally endearing road movie on which acclaimed director Sam Mendes puts his stamp.
Krasinski and Rudolph have nothing to play. They are a stand-in for the audience in the same way that Styrofoam peanuts protect the contents of your package; lifeless, breakable, malleable, and totally unrelated to what they are assigned to protect.
The good acting provides an example of what might make this kind of formula work, but it's quite an uphill battle when one can see the scripted situations acting as comic fallbacks.
The result of this odd mix of elements is a film that is both genuinely funny and moving.
It's hard to warm to a film so determined to ridicule, even when it steadies out in the final act as they find more centered and emotionally generous folks...
Away We Go is the cinematic equivalent of Innocent smoothies: it appears to talk like 'us', while all the time reducing us to another consumer demographic.
While cynics may find it twee, Mendes fans should greatly enjoy this (gently) surprising change of direction. Go in with the right frame of mind and you'll leave with a big, goofy grin on your face.
That every supporting character is depicted as insufferable or pitiable or both would be bad enough; what's worse is that the couple discover nothing about themselves that wasn't obvious from the opening.
This is a feelgood movie that will make you want to break up with your significant other, head for the nearest, seediest strip joint and get very, very drunk.
Away We Go is a reminder that being a successful author does not mean you can dash off a screenplay without learning the craft.
Away We Go has an easy, no-particular-place-to-go looseness that doesn't bear too close a scrutiny, but has a certain likability.
This won't go down as much of a success story for Mendes, but, unlike his more grandiose projects of late, it's not a complete dead end.
The more the film insists that we see Verona and Burt as perfect, the more smug and unreal they appear. The messy mix of twee maundering and frat-boy slapstick might work if one thing were added: a caption at the end that read: "... and then Burt woke up"
Away We Go is an oddly small, scruffy and poignant film from Mendes, a clapped out old jalopy next to his sleek Porsche pictures.
Sweet and sometimes sharp but never bitter, this is a heartwarming work of refreshing geniality.
A rewarding change of pace for Sam Mendes, Away We Go is a small, lovely film that gently sneaks up on you with unexpected depth and feeling. Let it.
Although Away We Go doesn't sum to the icon of loveliness that the filmmakers might have hoped for - it is too tonally fractured - the movie does suggest avenues that Sam Mendes might consider exploring in the future.
At its best, the film reminded me of another road movie about alternative lifestyles, Flirting With Disaster, but this isn't nearly as sharp or funny.
This is the most heart-warming movie Mendes has yet made, and his best since American Beauty.
Potentially poignant stories are presented with the same caricatural brusqueness or dispassion as the stories of people who are plain stupid.
This won't win any Oscars but it's a welcome change from Mendes' usually dour movies. It's not perfect but its charm culminates in a poignant and grown-up tale.
Away We Go is slight, implausible and more fuddy-duddy than it wants to let on, but it's well-made, interesting, cynical enough to undercut its moments of sentimentality, and kind of fun. When I came out, I felt a little more cheerful than when I went in.
Away We Go is not Mendes's best film but it's not as unbearable as you might have heard.
It certainly lacks director Sam Mendes's typically epic touch. But if you're not expecting another American Beauty, you'll find it a pleasant, enjoyable little indie movie.
An impressively directed, sharply written and superbly acted comedy-drama that's both emotionally engaging and laugh-out-loud funny.
It's sweet and superficial, but the meandering pace and lively characters make it just about watchable.
It's the kind of movie that wallows in winsomeness, kooky characters and the overbearing use of Nick Drake-style songs.
Sam Mendes's most welcome departure from stodgy Oscar bait is a decidedly lower-scale project, but its rewards are definitely not small.
Away you go
Away We Go should get it's due when they are handing out awards at the end of the year. I loved it. And now I'm ready to have babies. Wife, you reading this?
The chatty film was like so much white noise.
Narrowly manages to avoid the insufferably twee hipster cutesiness of, say, Juno, or any other works of Satan.
A heartwarming -- and at times heartbreaking -- post-"Juno" road comedy for grownups.
The whole flavor of the movie seems to be trying to reproduce other small, earnest films, but I always got the feeling that it was an imitation flavoring. Wonderful cast.
Here's a road movie, essentially with a plot, that takes its time %u2013 just like its lovable, bumbling characters.
A Great, Beautiful Flick about the Confusion of Relationships.
If you like Jim Jarmusch and you like some of David O. Russell and you like Alexander Payne, you are going to like this movie.
It's the highs and lows of travel. You meet new people, share some laughs and sometimes have to deal with missed connections. All in all, this one's a pretty good trip.
They're not really "f$ck-ups," they're just self-absorbed slow starters with smelly Birkenstocks, like many of us.
While the premise is contrived, the emotional pay-off is sincere.
Once they hit the road, the script goes away with the pixies.
I'd actually advise people to buy a ticket, go grab a soy burger, and enter the theater halfway through.
A rudderless road version of Juno!
'Away We Go' is still funny and occasionally touching, but it might have been even more entertaining if Mendes and the screenwriters hadn't tried to so hard to make us laugh.
Credit novelists and first-time screenwriters Eggers and Vida (married in real life) with creating such rich, complicated and humane characters, and credit actors John Krasinski and Maya Rudolph with bringing them to life so wonderfully.
Quirky sentiments ebb and flow in Sam Mendes' latest %u2013 and greatest %u2013 study of the human condition.
Terrific performances make this tender if slight little film worth the trip.
Away We Go is a road-trip comedy. It's also one of the best films about love I've ever seen.
The first film I've seen this year that made me feel something.
Away We Go is a big success.
The results prove to be wildly uneven.
This episodic kook's tour might have worked better as a novel; the dialogue wouldn't seem so arch if we were permitted to 'act' it in our heads, and the monologues would seem more natural on a printed page, where words are required to fill the blankness.
For all its jokey upscale jive, the occasional smug self-satisfaction Burt and Verona use to calm their frazzling nerves, Away We Go provides the kind of closure that elevates our ongoing worries.
Maya Rudolph and John Krasinski's journey will leave viewers pleased that they tagged along for the ride.
...takes the boorishness of conventional Americans as a given and valorizes nonconformity for its own sake.
It would be difficult to overpraise Rudolph's subtle, unexpectedly genuine performance, Alexi Murdoch's gorgeous acoustic-folk soundtrack or Dave Eggers and Vendela Vida's observationally savvy screenplay.
Ultimately, what saves the amiable movie is that we come to know and care about its characters.
Indulgent bore about a freeloading confused couple who visit friends. Nothing happens.
It's Mendes' slightest, most inconsequential movie yet, but that's exactly what's so nice about it.
It explains that the world is broken and dares you to agree that it's honest. It promises engagement, but delivers only retrenchment.
Away We Go makes a nice metaphor for a rootless, self-involved culture of parents trying to get it right and getting all the wrong advice as they do.
I wonder if the quirky 30somethings trying to answer these basic questions will bore me ten years down the line. But right now, Away We Go feels true.
Even though it's loaded with feminine-appealing dialogue and should make most men squirm, in the end it is interesting and thought-provoking, even for a man.
You'll enjoy going along with Verona and Burt on their journey, and you'll leave with a smile on your face and a feeling that you're glad you got to know them.
See it for the performances -- they are delights from the leads on down to the characters in the episodic vignettes. But the film's vision of Gen-Y nesting is liable to leave you up a tree.
Full-up with caricatures... fails in the most dire way to make any comments on the state of parenting and coupling in America rooted in actual observation.
Its dull colors and folk-rock soundtrack...attempt to achieve the oft-chased feel of '70s cinema--in this case, Hal Ashby or Mike Nichols. It's a game try, but the transparently schematic result too often gets under the skin in the wrong way.
Rudolph lends depth and complexity to this otherwise facile story.
Slow-moving, shallow and satirical, it's primarily populated by caricatures, not characters.
You may very well enjoy Away We Go more than I did. But rest assured that you will never love this movie as much as it loves itself.
The quirky meter hits red early and often in the disappointing Away We Go
a nice bit of counter-programming for folks that might be suffering from a bit of Blockbuster fatigue
By my count, two episodes succeed and half a dozen fall flat. Your mileage may vary.
Away We Go is offbeat enough to feel like a breakthrough indie but familiar and warm enough to serve as a thinking person's romantic comedy.
It isn't all preciousness, but there's a significant pile of quirk to sift through to find its nuggets of genuine and often touching emotion.
Are we supposed to laugh? Or wince? Or both? If director Sam Mendes knows, he's not telling.
Away We Go comes with a pedigree that's undeniable, but this time the filmmakers benefit from the experience, and the audience barely breaks even.
A low-key comedy with its lead characters displaying an ambling, laid-back charm.
Krasinski and Rudolph make a convincing, uncertain young couple, a bit smarter than the usual slacker set.
The debut screenplay of Dave Eggers and Vendela Vida have given Sam Mendes quite the gift in just one of the many pieces that make this one of the best films of 2009.
It's hardly painful, but it's not exactly thrilling, either.
Away We Go is marred by the smugness that muddies novels, but its two appealing leads are more than enough to redeem it.
Away We Go is dead-end Quirkville, penned by real-life couple Dave Eggers and Vendela Vida, successful authors taking an unfortunate wrong turn into movie writing.
Away We Go pleads so earnestly for emotional resonance that it forgets to earn any.
Feels like a welcome respite from the false happily-ever-afters of most mainstream movies.
The picture's meandering rhythm slowly drains our interest.
There's little doubt that the idea behind Away We Go is ultimately more appealing than the final product...
Director Sam Mendes perfectly balances comedy and real life drama with a film that will have your attention from the first frame until the last.
Works because of the incredible performances at its core and the believability they bring to the piece, but just misses the opportunity for greatness by painting the rest of the world with too broad a brush.
Parental Content Review
It's been a long time since I've genuinely not wanted a film to end. For me, Away We Go is the year's first contender for Best Picture.
Maya Rudolph and John Krasinski are so down-to-earth they seem like two of your closest friends.
One of the more delightful and disarming movies to emerge during this summer season.
It's a slice of American life just like Mendes delivered in American Beauty, Revolutionary Road and, to a lesser extent, the heavily underrated Road to Perdition -- except now he's done it with a bunch of comedians and a bit less depr
The unassuming performances by Krasinski and Rudolph help make this the first Mendes movie that feels lived-in rather than staged.
Mendes, working from a script by husband-and-wife hipsters Dave Eggers and Vendela Vida, ends things in a vaguely haunting way without really resolving them, which is a good thing.
Glib and charming in roughly equal measure, the road-tripping "Away We Go" is worth seeing for Maya Rudolph, best known for being underutilized on "Saturday Night Live."
Glib and charming in roughly equal measure, the road-tripping "Away We Go" is worth seeing for Maya Rudolph, best known for being underutilized on "Saturday Night Live."
In the end, Away We Go is highly sentimental. It's about finding a place to belong in a world that doesn't make it easy, and it's also about the almost hallucinatory anxiety of becoming a parent. Good subjects, weak payoff.
This modern parable about a hipster Joseph and Mary sounds glib, but director Sam Mendes lets it breathe
Mendes can't entirely surmount the smugness that pollutes Eggers and Vida's picaresque script.
Parent-to-be drama meanders but wraps up poignantly.
A road movie made up of what feels like a half-dozen exquisitely realized short films, Away We Go sends the viewer out smiling.
Away We Go is a cute, likeable movie. For about 10 minutes.
A drama trying too hard to be a comedy.
Sam Mendes' Away We Go is a film for nice people to see.
The film is very funny when broken into individual scenes, but it takes too many easy potshots at low targets and thereby fails to come together as an emotional whole.
The best part of this road movie is the emotional trip the two protagonists take in learning they are OK.
Simple and effective with a quirky charm that's infectious due to the perfect pairing of Krasinski and Rudolph and the decidedly different approach Mendes has taken with the material.
John Lennon famously said "Life is what happens when you're making other plans." Away We Go works as smartly and touchingly as it does in its finest, funniest moments when it reminds us that sometimes, making other plans is how your life happens.
It's refreshing to see a romantic comedy where the leads are already in love at the beginning of the movie, as opposed to the focus being their courtship process.
Maya Rudolph and John Krasinski carry this movie.
The only positive thing in Away We Go is a charming performance by Maya Rudolph as pregnant Verona.
This hapless and annoying episodic comedy is one road trip you'll probably wish you hadn't taken.
With Away We Go, Mendes has fallen through the rabbit hole and discovered connubial bliss.
Yet there is a deft lightness to all of this that had my heart just about soaring, Mendes stripping away all the pathos and angst of his previous pictures to instead reveal feather-light ebullience that had me smiling right through my tears.
The movie palpably evokes the feelings, concerns and challenges confronting parents and homeowners seeking to live out the American Dream in the 21st century.
Heartwarming, insightful, and truly funny, Away We Go is an utter gem. Sam Mendes' most personal film is an adoring Hallmark card to mothers and young love everywhere.
Away We Go breathes. Its affectless, tossed-off quality tells a lumpy story built out of a few scenes that fizzle but also a few that transcend, in part because they arrive unexpectedly from an untidy little comedy.
Away We Go is like a disappointing term paper by a promising student.
Away We Go is a self-satisfied film about insecure people, a quirky and episodic comic drama that squanders its genuine assets and ends up not as special as it tries to be.
Director Sam Mendes fails to make them as beautifully fragile as he wants to.
Away We Go promises a funky emotional road trip, and delivers a few funny snapshots. But it takes too many detours, tarries too long in nothing-to-do backwaters, and finally arrives at a destination that was inevitable from the start.
Away We Go overreaches in spots. The hipster soundtrack is too alt-rock. The details, while quite often spot-on, feel too demographically targeted. But there are still plenty of truthful moments.
Krasinki is able to anchor the movie with a limber, melancholy performance -- and doesn't draw too heavily from his overflowing reservoir of nice-guy charm.
The main sin of Away We Go is simple dullness.
Away We Go is an exploratory and occasionally bittersweet trek that takes unexpected turns and winds up in an emotionally satisfying place.
Does it sound as if I hate this movie? Don't be silly. But don't be fooled. This movie does not like you.
A finely pedigreed comic road film that, when all is said and done, is too finely-tooled for the NPR set to have much life left in it.
Too much information bedrooms, and vibes that may encourage skipping parenthood altogether for those who haven't quite made up their minds yet. And a pro-isolationist impression that the grass is always greener on one's own side of the picket fence.
Though Away We Go lacks the screwball unpredictability of something like Flirting With Disaster, it compensates with a unexpected depth of feeling, a novelist's (or memoirist's) sense of detail, and a panoramic view of what home means.
It's too bad [the writers] didn't follow their slacker protagonists' example, and amble slowly through their cross-country road trip flick. Instead, they all labor overtime to mark every stop along the map, usually with neon signs and flashing arrows.
Featuring a revelatory performance from Rudolph as the centered earth mother who nonetheless worries she and Burt have become losers, "Away We Go" illustrates parenthood in every color of the spectrum.
Time and time again, Burt and Verona strike an artful pose while a guitar strums plaintive chords and mournful singer Alexi Murdoch tells the audience just how to feel.
What a pleasure to see a couple who genuinely love each other in a movie - and what a surprise to see it in a movie directed by Sam Mendes.
The fifth film by British theater director Sam Mendes, Away We Go, is the most unkempt movie the director has made so far in his career
Away We Go feels like Sam Mendes saying, "Hey, look, I can just make an entertaining, smart movie. No awards consideration necessary."
It's a lovely attitude in an engaging dramedy, and I hope Mendes has a few more of these within him before he lurches back to the dark side of human behavior.
The limberness of the leads and the affable nature of Mendes' treatment soften the material's harshness and make it go down easily. You should tag along with Burt and Verona on their journey of discovery.
Away We Go rejects those cliches and instead takes an honest, humorous and ultimately moving look at the prospect of a family growing from two members to three.
A gilded entry in the cinema du quirk. It's a movie that invites you, all too often, to feel superior to the people on screen. Yet it's been designed, shot, and edited with unusual finesse, and the two main characters are fresh screen types.
Away We Go is as calculated as any summer tentpole blockbuster.
An incredibly original and appealing drama about the quest of two intimate lovers to find the perfect home to raise their child.
This low-key, sometimes melancholy comedy is a road movie with a twist...It pulls viewers into the kind of lives that aren't often on display in contemporary movies.
It's hard to say whether Mendes and Eggers complement each other's weak spots or if one manages to bring out the best in his collaborator, but ultimately it doesn't matter: Even those who aren't a fan of either should give Away We Go a shot.
Frustratingly uneven but eventually emotionally satisfying.
Some of the episodes are ripely satirical, others almost heartbreaking.
A road-trip comedy in equal measures bittersweet and hopeful, Mendes's latest boasts few of his stuffy aesthetic trademarks.
Away We Go feels like a short story, an overwritten exercise, a twee idea dragged to feature length.
Slow-moving, derivative road family values film.
For my money, the new dramatic comedy "Away We Go" is the first serious contender for Best Picture of the Year consideration.
The movie almost works as a cautionary tale about global overpopulation by imbecile parents, but even that would be a bridge too far for this pathetic navel rub that comes with the same sense of entitlement that it pretends to skewer.
Sharply uneven in humor and poignancy, Sam Mendes' road film, sort of updated version of the far better Lost in America, again reveals his directorial strengths (getting terrific performances) and weaknesses (finding the emotional center and right tone).
An uneven picture that's at times poignant and at times quite funny, but ultimately lacks a consistent flow.
Nestles nicely into a sweet rocking motion between humor and heart. The leads are warm, fuzzy, funny and very likeable. The few faults may very well go unnoticed.





@highlight

Built on a set of quirks and charms that are as noticeable as they are interchangeable, Away We Go is a sweet but uneven road trip.