Dragon Blade feels like a dispiriting way for even seasoned bargain-bin trawlers to be seeing in the New Year.
Botched promise abounds, starting with the wasted potential of John Cusack's Roman and Jackie Chan's Chinese guard uniting against Brody's evil Tiberius.
Dragon Blade offers a daftly entertaining throwback to historical epics of the 1960s.
Handsome production design and sweeping battle vistas lend a touch of class, with Chan directing the action scenes with trademark brio.
Chan brings martial artistry to the fight, Cusack his siege skills, and the the film overall is a mishmash of languages, styles and tones.
There are nice moments, but this is pure bombast, and Chan's natural action flair is not given free rein.
This generic offering simply doesn't transcend the tropes of the genre at hand.
Cusack does a good impression of an estate agent having a midlife crisis, while Brody adds to his gallery of eye-rollingly awful performances by going full Tony Montana.
Epic in scope is 'Dragon Blade' -- but not the best film Chan has made.
The film barely passes the entertainment mustard.
This Chinese battle epic features exciting, show-stopping fight scenes, but the storytelling in between is almost non-existent, as if lazily looking for ways to kill the time.
Not an ideal Chan vehicle but, on the other hand, it gains a lot from his ecstatic presence.
For those who ever wondered what it would be like to see John Cusack and Jackie Chan engage in a swordfight (both of you), here is "Dragon Blade."
Just about everyone seems to get slashed, carved up or skewered, and vengeance rains down upon all. Except, of course, the one villain who truly deserved it. The filmmaker.
In Dragon Blade, East meets West in a murky, mediocre muddle.
The whole plot is incoherent, and it's depicted almost entirely through montages and crossfades.
It's kind of a mess. That more than 20 minutes have been trimmed for the stateside release may have hurt the film's coherence, but viewers will be thankful for the shorter sit.
Dragon Blade" is a solidly constructed epic that, despite its many battle scenes, has a strong message of pacifism and unity.
People are burned alive, crushed like insects, hurled from rooftops. They may not deserve all this. But neither do we.
The least interesting question to ask about a movie like "Dragon Blade" is whether it's any good. Of course it isn't, not especially, but questions of quality pale next to the greater headscratcher: What is it?
Unfortunately, the first casualty is good acting, which dies a noisy, overly dramatic death.
It's all completely over-the-top and loaded with cheese, and the mix of comedy, arch melodrama, sweeping CGI vistas and plentiful if improbable action doesn't quite gel.
A confusing action-drama that, despite being a box office titan in China, lands here with a dull thud.
Despite hokum, bad plotting, stereotypical characters and mediocre acting, 'Dragon Blade' does deliver crowd-pleasing battles and gorgeous scenery.
An epic in China, it's been trimmed here in the States. But this movie didn't need a cut, it needed a beheading.
Basic elements of production that audiences take for granted-fripperies such as coherent editing or logical character behavior-go horribly awry here and make other films look better by comparison.
Dragon Blade is undercut by woeful miscasting and tonal shifts that veer from drama to comedy and maudlin overreach.
Lee displays only glimmers of the cartoonish, gonzo sensibility that once made him seem like an interesting talent. In its place is strained seriousness and a butt-ugly digital palette of tan and sand.
Cusack and Brody are painful to watch in their ill-suited roles.
"Dragon Blade" remains familiar, but it's also passionate and competently assembled, only really losing step when it lingers on the obvious instead of celebrating the unexpected.
There's plenty of goofiness to go around in this lavish production, awash as it is in CG sunsets, slow-motion shots of blades and arrows penetrating bodies and necks, and computer-assisted pans around the Silk Road and its surrounding desert.
This handsomely mounted historical epic tells the story of Chinese Silk Road peacekeepers who clashed and cooperated with a fugitive Roman legion in 50 BCE.
Veteran star Chan, who plays it mostly straight, has great bromantic chemistry with Cusack, surprisingly convincing as an ancient Roman warrior trying to protect a child of noble birth.
The battles, of which there are many, are unique in that they combine Roman fighting techniques with traditional Chinese martial arts, a visual that never gets boring.
[Chan's] acrobatic action sequences remain eye-catching as ever
Cusack brings his no-nonsense screen persona to the film but it is left to seething, angry Adrien Brody to overact his way through the role of evil emperor.
Chan's Dragon Blade is a pleasant surprise, executed with visible grandeur and can claim to be an earnestly performed, crisply edited, smart [film].
The best Chan vehicle in quite a while.
This blade is much too dull.
Slacker and even less involving than the similarly terrible global kill-fest Last Knights, but easier to watch for the inadvertent camp value of two of the prominent performances.
There are some bright moments in the movie but, sadly, Dragon Blade is unfulfilling as a whole.
Dragon Blade delivers on its promise of sprawling battle scenes, intriguing culture clashes and budding bromances, where its giddily high concept and unlikely casting may so easily have seen it fail.
An unparalleled meeting of Eastern and Western talent, writer-director Daniel Lee's historical blockbuster is entertainment on a grand scale.

@highlight

Dragon Blade is beautifully staged and choreographed, but between the battles, its talented cast is overwhelmed by a dull story and choppy editing.