This is a celebration, not an examination, and those looking for a critique of the ribald publication, radio show, off-Broadway play, and film franchise [should go] elsewhere.
Drunk Stoned Brilliant did convince me that the Lampoon has a colorful, even important, journalistic history, and that some extraordinary talents were involved, however often they were drugged out.
Director Douglas Tirola makes the anarchic but nonetheless productive rise of what would become a multimedia franchise great fun.
With this sensitive yet playful voice, Tirola shows how decades of richly comedic material found its cultural maturity.
A fluke phenomenon like this couldn't happen now, but we should be grateful it ever happened at all.
The film understandably assumes that everyone who had anything to do with National Lampoon was a comic genius, but that's simply not the case.
Filled with incisive interviews... director Douglas Tirola does an admirable job of telling the Lampoon's story and offering up an inside look at how it launched huge careers and went on to change the face of contemporary comedy.
The genealogy of late 20th-century comedy, encompassing everything from Ghostbusters to Saturday Night Live, SCTV to Ferris Bueller's Day Off, can be traced to a single magazine.
Everybody knows about Saturday Night Live, the long-running comedy skit show, but I sure didn't know the extent to which it was connected to National Lampoon. I learned a lot from this documentary about the magazine's big influence.
Reverential retrospective revisiting the rise and fall of an irreverent humor franchise.
It makes it clear that the National Lampoon represents where contemporary comedy began.
Drunk Stoned Brilliant Dead serves as the perfect time capsule of National Lampoon's run and the influence it has on comedy to this day.
[Chronicles] a time where you could put a dog on the cover of your magazine with a gun to its head - and the PC police weren't around to take you to task. Those were the days!
A documentary about the National Lampoon does its best to capture the glory days.
The doc is a bit more loony than the recent SNL film, but it's still just a bit too tame - i.e. lots of talking heads - to truly represent its subject.
What makes Drunk Stoned Brilliant Dead feel particularly vibrant is how the Lampoon's specific art direction is put to use.
Douglas Tirola's source material...is chock-a-block full of the magazine's oft controversial articles, art work and, most famously, the cover art
full of magic and promise
A slick documentary, and a vital reminder of the power the magazine once held as it welcomed comedic geniuses and lovable miscreants to help create monthly doses of lethal mischief.
If you think there is nothing funnier than putting a sacred cow in a blender and hitting the purée button, this is the movie for you.
Tirola finds great archival material, some lively and insightful interviews, and does an entertaining job of reminding us how important National Lampoon was in the development of modern American comedy.
The movie is an orgy of boomer self-congratulation -- yet it lacks even that movie's ironic notation of how a bastion of white-male privilege managed to pass itself off as radical.
Tirola's documentary is brisk and entertaining, if not especially thoughtful. But then neither was the magazine, whose militant bad taste spawned "Saturday Night Live" and so much more.
We can only imagine with glee what these comic geniuses could have done with some of today's political and cultural figures.
It's mostly for nostalgic fans of the magazine.
Funny like its subject but not nearly as daring.
A frenetic, rough-edged, unapologetic tribute to the Lampoon, featuring some amazing archival footage, nifty bits of animation and dozens of straightforward talking-head interviews that crackle and pop.
Offers a great oral history of the publication's rise and fall, as told by dozens of people who were actually there.
The jazzy Drunk Stoned Brilliant Dead is filled with talking heads you actually want to listen to.
The tone is sharp and freewheeling, the craziness is infectious and the pace is cocaine-quick.
Pack rats of a certain generation will all but run to their attics after seeing "Drunk Stoned Brilliant Dead."
Filled with anecdotes and information about this irreverent satirical magazine and the people who made it what it became, with archival film and interviews, I was captivated.
Douglas Tirola's loving doc captures the anarchic '70s college satire magazine that became a comic force.
An ambitious attempt to follow how the various alumni and side projects of one scurrilous publication variously gave us Animal House, The Simpsons, Saturday Night Live and The Breakfast Club.
This is just about hanging around talking about the glory days, and as far as reminisces go, you could do worse than the group of people who put out the funniest work of the '70s.
While Drunk Stoned Brilliant Dead is a nostalgic look back at some of the most celebrated funny men and women in the genre, it is one with a sense of finality. What once was will never be again: The industry has forever shifted.
Douglas Tirola's celebration of the '70s comedy institution doesn't know when to put on the brakes. Nevertheless, its enthusiasm proves infectious.
This slapdash effort, bigger on star gossip and seizure-inducing montages of material meant to be studied at leisure, provides almost no context if you're not already in the know.
Douglas Tirola's doc about the satirical bible's rise and fall is fascinating, funny, smart, juvenile, tragic, and likely to offend just about everyone. It's a must-see for anyone who cares about comedy.
If only Drunk Stoned Brilliant Dead was a fraction as intelligent or entertaining as its subject.
Aesthetically it's meat-and-pototatoes, but what meat and potatoes - all giggled reminiscing and crazy anecdotes, peppered with racy and cutting sights and sounds.
It's an engaging and entertaining film, filled with funny anecdotes expertly related.
A must-see documentary for comedy fans! More than a simple recounting of Lampoon history, Drunk Stoned gives a strong sense of the players involved.
The film is uproarious, not for what its many talking heads say but for its astonishing procession of brilliant, boundary-breaching illustrations and captions ...
What it lacks in specificity it more than makes up for in the articulate emotions of the interview subjects and the remarkable array of archival material.
Director Douglas Tirola and his many interview subjects make a strong case for the Lampoon itself as genuinely transformative.
Douglas Tirola's upbeat doc on National Lampoon already feels essential for celebrating a hard-fought moment of American comic subversion.
Worth watching if only for the wonderful clips from the various "Lampoon" stage shows, and an almost endless parade of covers and comic strips.
The funniest documentary since The Aristocrats.
Energetic, laugh-stuffed and very colorful.
It's dispiriting that a film about a humor magazine that broke and rebuilt the forms of both humor and magazines is itself so staid - and so lacking in sociologic sweep.
It mistakes touch-and-go navel-gazing for comprehension, as if speaking to as many subjects as possible produces an inherently compelling take.
The laughs come from the vintage bits, and there's a little missing context. But any documentary that humanizes Chevy Chase is a movie making miracle.
Drunk Stoned Brilliant and Dead is a reminder that the NL's reach, scope and legacy is rich and varied; indeed it might be thought of the putrid petri dish where an entire generation of North American comics were cultured.
Film allows for viewing the full extent of the Nat Lamp comedy empire, with rapid-fire montage of . . . boundless energy to offend everyone and everything for 30 years.
Whiplash-inducing. Considering all the scenes of the staff working in a pot haze, the filmmakers might have benefited from taking a hit or several.
Unsparing about the ravages of time, cocaine and Lorne Michaels, Tirola's film also does what was previously considered impossible: it makes Chevy Chase seem like a human being.
[Both] a glorious celebration of the lunatic fringe (led by wild-child Doug Kenney) and a cautionary tale of the destructive impact of fame and fortune.
Talking heads, rock n' roll spirit, and animated elements of the magazine come to life in comedic form. There's certainly nothing wrong with this approach, but it's certainly becoming formulaic.
Whether you're familiar with the Lampoon magazine or just a fan of comedy in general, this is a thoroughly enlightening and entertaining homework assignment.
A generous and briskly entertaining look at the American humor magazine's legacy.
pretty rock n'roll, aiming for a fun aesthetic that's right in line with the brand
A poignant documentary for a time when nostalgia runs rampant, satire's under fire, and comedy's experiencing its own renaissance.

@highlight

Drunk Stoned Brilliant Dead might not be the definitive doc National Lampoon fans are waiting for, but it's still almost as transgressively funny as the magazine in its heyday.