Hilarious, satirical and melancholy, "Rudo y Cursi" may not go as deep as "Y Tu Mamá También," but it has a similar vivacity.
A sharp social satire of contemporary Mexico, held together by the slapstick glue of García and Luna's country-boy antics.
Beneath its gritty visual realism -- which feels more suited to a full-on drama -- it's a delightful shrug of a movie.
All you can see are a pair of aging jocks laboring for condescending yuks
A fun yet enlightening film that's part Mexican and all human.
A cheeky viewing experience.
A comically relevant fairy tale about the excessive trappings of celebrity and the dangers of achieving one's goals.
Apparently it's a hit in Mexico, which shows a remarkably generous sense of humour, given that Cuaron leaves no one standing. It's a funny movie but quite brutal.
A film that can't quite choose between the light and dark possibilities it conjures.
First time director Carlos Cuaron successfully mixes touching comedy with biting social realism.
Garcia and Luna share outstanding chemistry together, and provide Rudo y Cursi with a definite edge and generous spirit of bewilderment that keeps the picture engaging.
Bright, fresh, well observed human drama dressed up as comedy as two brothers rise from rags to riches through their soccer talents
Writer director Carlos Cuarón (brother of Alfonso) has created characters that are so real you can almost hear their thoughts. Tato and Beto are filled with contradictions, faults, quirks and foibles, yet we like them and want them to succeed
He's helped by charismatic, pleasingly ambivalent performances by all involved, and while a later penalty sequence is needlessly prolonged, it doesn't diminish the film's cumulative effect. Serious fun.
This is a movie enlivened by the two stars' goofy love-hate relationship, its all-pervasive cynicism and the film-maker's mischievous decision to keep his eye off the ball.
Lacks dramatic punch and satirical bite - it's all rather cartoonish - but it's full of great characters and moves at an energetic pace. This is a superior buddy film.
Not as obviously delightful as Y tu mamá también, Rudo y Cursi is never less than enjoyable, helped by charismatic playing between two stars constantly calling each other "pendejo" and some gorgeous camera work from Adam Kimmel.
It's a tale of two humble Mexican boys filmed with rough-around-the-edges production values and lots of energy, whose appeal will stretch to footie fans who wouldn't normally park themselves in front of a subtitled film.
It scores high on clichés but makes up for it with lots of fizzing energy and lively turns. Indeed it's more screwball than football.
Cuarón's spirited footie fable is a game of two halves, buzzing with balls, bimbos and black comedy, but ultimately unable to bring home the trophy. Bernal gets man of the match, no contest.
Rudo and Cursi has enough vitality to transcend its air of formula.
This tale of two brothers seems to be a comic satire on ambition, but the laughs are desperately hard to come by.
Fame and fortune are not what they had anticipated in this well-acted fable that requires you to suspend disbelief not least because both brothers seem to be too old to be budding football stars.
Sexy and freewheeling, if frustratingly slight, it never hits the emotional back of the net in the manner of Looking For Eric but the lead actors' charisma keeps you merrily bouncing along.
Cuaron's mixture of near farce and realism works well most of the time, though there are moments when the narration suffers from too many meaningless metaphors.
This is rarely anything more than an entertaining romp, going for belly laughs rather than satirical incisiveness.
This Spanish-language comedy-drama keeps trying to convince us it's lighter-hearted than its material would suggest.
Bernal and Luna bring the same casual and endearing spontaneity they showed in Y Tu Mama Tambien to the fore again here.
Rudo y Cursi never quite figures out what it wants to be. Is it a sports comedy? A tale of sibling rivalry? A look at Mexico's gritty underbelly, set against a soccer backdrop?
The charismatic stars make this film pretty much a delight...
Carlos Cuaron has directed a typical rise-and-fall picture. Granted, it has loads of local flavor and two appealing leads, but it adds little to the genre and is too melodramatic to rise above.
The cinematography ranks at the top of the class. Mexico City shares the spotlight with the acting ensemble as a..
It's still nice to see an endearing sports movie that doesn't follow the "Varsity Blues" formula, even if there is no whipped cream bikini.
It's satiric, yet Cuaron is like a boxer who prefers gentle sparring to throwing a knockout haymaker. The film needs to punch things up.
While the likable film has a vivid sense of place and a tongue-in-cheek sensibility, the visual and storytelling styles of the younger and elder Cuaron are nothing alike.
The best thing about Rudo y Cursi is that despite its relying on many of the conventions of sports movies, it still keeps us unsure about what will happen at the end.
Carlos Cuaron, Oscar-nominated screenwriter of Y Tu Mama También, makes his directorial debut with this easygoing sports movie/family drama/musical comedy/crime story.
Lackadaisically directed by Carlos Cuaron, the movie lopes along behind the characters, both of whom are unlikable and neither of whom is interesting.
Bernal and Luna have great sibling comic chemistry.
[Has] a mess of cultural issues to reckon with, and Rudo y Cursi deals with them while offering an engaging rags-to-riches sports fantasy.
I'm not sure which is more offensive: That Cuarón believes these scumbag brothers are heroes, or that the biggest scumbag in the film can be a hero to all.
The air of jaunty vivaciousness is promising, but nothing sticks.
As we follow their adventures, it's impossible to ignore how poorly women come off in this story, alternatively as nags, cheats, liars and cloying opportunists.
Some of this is funny, thanks to the playful performances, but much of it just seems familiar and juvenile.
The film, which is a huge hit in Mexico, is lightweight and often very funny, but there's a cruel edge to the laughs that left this viewer vaguely uncomfortable.
Ay carumba-blimey, what a mess.
Carlos Cuarón's fierce, profane and hilarious comedy about two brothers is not so much about sports as about how we play the game of life.
Only a few minutes into Rudo y Cursi, the brothers are discovered playing grand and gloriously boyish fútbol.
...a gentle touch and a brisk pace, but the gain-the-world-and-lose-you-soul moralizing is a bit too pat and predictable.
This isn't much more than a pleasant sports comedy and family drama hybrid, but it's surely entertaining. The very model of a summertime arthouse flick.
It's a great little sports movie.
It was funny, it was sweet, it was warm but it never felt hacky or maudlin.
Feels slight, but Carlos Cuaron's debut is breezy enough -- and Bernal and Luna are still pretty enough -- to make it a relatively amusing diversion.
Far from a complete disaster but it is definitely a missed opportunity for something memorable and is likely to get lost in the summer movie shuffle in its stateside run.
It's the sort of film that sneaks serious themes and emotions in just when you think it's about to dissolve into farce. Small but largely satisfying.
The lead characters might flirt with spiritual and emotional ruin, but Cuarón's filming style is so lively, and Luna and García Bernal's performances so full of energy, that the picture is fun even when it probably shouldn't be.
While it's never a bad movie, it is never a memorable one either. It's one of those comedies that produces no laughs, at least not from me.
This is not a sports movie. But for lovers of Luna and Bernal, especially Luna and Bernal together, Rudo y Cursi will be a quick, harmless, caffeinated booster shot until their next collaboration.
While it may seem obvious which brother is responsible and which is the flake, both Rudo and Cursi are equally flawed, one of the film's realistic charms.
There is plenty of coarse, macho humor. There are nearly as many moments that are goofy and sentimental.
The material just isn't as fresh as the presentation.
not only does it fail to live up to the high standards of "Y Tu Mama Tambien," it doesn't even live up to the bar set by such earlier soccer films as "Victory," "Goal" and "Kicking and Screaming."
There's no depth to Rudo y Cursi, but Bernal and Luna make the surface formula more fun than you might expect.
There are plenty of kicks: class struggle, wild crackups, Cheap Trick, occasional melodrama and lots of blackly comic moralizing on the lure and letdowns of modern Mexican celebrity.
Rudo y Cursi is a grave and calculated affront to the men of Mexico, and that's the source of its roistering charm.
Anyone who has spent any time watching movies about competitive brothers playing the same sport for different teams knows where all this is going to lead
This bitter pill might easily have driven the rest of the film, but instead Cuaron contrives for both brothers to become stars, and the story devolves into a familiar tale about the price of success.
Rudo y Cursi is appealingly tough and corny but contains little that causes these elements to congeal into anything greater.
Rudo y Cursi is the sort of high-level buddy movie every national cinema needs for export -- along with its masterpieces, to be sure.
Never loses touch with its whipsmart core of integrity and humor.
feels lazy, bland and ultimately fails to pack a real punch emotionally, dramatically and comedically.
...a good choice for the filmgoer who wants to think about the story rather than zone on the action of so many other sports films.
The actors' chemistry lifts what might have been an average sports melodrama to something near special.
A watchable breeze, elevated by the rapport between Garcia Bernal and Luna that blends love and competition into one indistinguishable family bond.
The results are not nearly as auspicious as that other film, but Bernal and Luna are so good together that they carry the day anyway.
To put it plainly, both actors play unlikeable dimwits. [...] It's a shame that Bernal and Luna could not have had a better project for their reunion.
As Cuarón's enjoyable film about brotherhood and the beautiful game zestfully points out, a block and a save are two sides of the same play.
It gives a far deeper and more engaging portrait of Mexico -- rich and poor, rural and urban, old and new -- than you're likely to find anywhere else this week.
I won't tell you who wins the Rudo/Cursi showdown, but when it comes to the Cuarón brothers, my money's on Alfonso.
You'd never know this was a debut film. Unlike Rudo and Cursi, who don't know their left from their right, Mr. Cuarón directs with a hand that's as sure as it is deft.
A banal examination of the rivalry of two brothers who play soccer and jeopardize their game through greed and selfishness and the quest for fame.
Cuaron marbles the story with comedy, though he's never jokey...he creates a slippery, shifting dynamic between brothers: the competitive juices vs. the shared blood.
Carlos Cuarón proves his mettle as a director with an amusing and entertaining look at how fame (and soccer) can destroy the bonds of brotherhood.
It mixes soap-opera sentimentality with playful, jumpy aggression and dresses a bittersweet, rags-to-riches fable in the bright clothes of pop satire.
It's disappointing when a movie with this much talent involved doesn't land, when it gives itself over to ancient, rusty conventions, because when they allowed themselves the leeway to tell a story and have some fun, they were really on to something.
Subtitles, pervasive obscenity, macho mother insults and some nudity/sex probably will not draw in the viewers who made a family hit of Bend It Like Beckham.
Luna and García Bernal display the kind of chemistry that makes you overlook the clichés in the script by first-time director Carlos Cuarón. Sometimes good-natured fun is enough.
Rudo y Cursi is enjoyable, with an engaging ensemble cast anchored by the charismatic performances of Luna and Bernal.
"If Rudo y Cursi weren't subtitled, it might seem a little too familiar, for all of its cultural differences and South-of-the-border flavor ... But the journey's the point here, not the goal. ..."
Granted, all this uncut Mexican energy will perhaps take a night in a sensory deprivation chamber to properly expunge from the system, but it's a wild ride of thespian effort that keeps the material amicable.
Bernal gives his flashy would-be pop star a daft, wide-eyed innocence and it's great to see Bernal and Luna together again, but Cuarón nearly ruins a wonderful comedy by turning it into a much less distinguished drama.
Rudo Y Cursi is charming and fun, but never slight.
Plagued with American sports-film clichés
Not freewheeling enough to be deemed innovative or exciting.
with its vexing voiceover narration, puerile sense of humor, and cliché-ridden storyline, this material isn't worthy of its two charismatic, fiery young stars
Rudo y Cursi is a sly miniaturist pleasure on its own terms, a piquant fable about the bouncing ups and downs of success, failure, competition, and comradeship.
A smashingly entertaining, sexy and funny rags-to-riches tale of sibling rivalry and love set in Mexico's soccer world.
Yet another clone of 'El Norte,' this entertaining feature evokes the gamut of emotions of two brothers from depression to euphoria.
A flagrantly contrived piece of Hollywood-style hokum masquerading as serious drama.
Energetic fun.
I wish the first work from Cha Cha Cha, headed by Cuaron, del Toro and Innaritu, were better than this saga, a deconstruction of American sports and siblings yarns, which has amusing moments due to chemistry between Luna and Bernal.
Luna and García Bernal gamely reunite for this occasionally entertaining film about two rival soccer-playing brothers, but the paint-by-numbers story line and overzealous direction do them few favors.
Gael García Bernal and Diego Luna reunite in Rudo y Cursi to denigrate rubes from Jalisco as slow-witted provincial brothers and banana plantation workers whose unlikely rise to soccer stardom supplies the purported comedy.










@highlight

Despite its fair share of sports movie cliches, Rudo y Cursi marks an auspicious directing debut for Carlos Cuarón, and features strong performances from García Bernal and Luna.