Again James Wan has given us a remarkable horror film that once more exemplifies why he's at the forefront of modern horror.
Downtime sequences from terror such as Ed playing guitar and singing "Can't Help Falling In Love" by Elvis Presley show that there is more on director James Wan's mind than senseless horror
Even with its glitches, The Conjuring 2 gets one thing right; it scares the hell out of you.
If you're one of those who're petrified by a scary movie, be prepared to scream in horror.
It may be the second film in a spooky, nasty-things-go-bump-in-the-night franchise, but The Conjuring 2 is a top-notch commercial chiller. And all the better for being based on a famous British "haunting".
Director James Wan, a veteran of the horror genre, has no problems torturing his viewers with tension before unleashing hell.
The Conjuring 2 is a deliciously slow-building affair that comes on strong at the end because Wan makes sure we are as invested as humanly possible in his characters.
After the first half hour, The Conjuring 2 devolves into a paint-by-number CGI exercise.
A character can burst out of the closet and you might still jump, but the journey isn't there -- no more peaks and valleys, just a succession of plot devices lined up for shock value but without the requisite tension or suspense.
It is a basic thing done very well, in many ways a pristine example of what Wan always shows up to do. He's going to keep you anxious  --  nothing can feel totally stable when a camera never ceases to move.
It falls into the old sequel trap of giving us more that actually feels like less.
What folks aren't really talking about is how romantic the film is.
Even when you're squirming in your seat from the sheer length of the film, you'll definitely find yourself jumping out of it a lot too.
A good sequel and one of the best horror releases of the year, showing that this genre is still able to give chills. [Full review in Spanish]
The Conjuring 2 is not a great horror film, but it's still a pretty decent one.
The Conjuring 2 won't send the same shiver of movie magic up your spine, but it's a solid sequel with plenty of tricks up its sleeve.
Those hungry for an old-school spooking will love the latest frightfest from gun Aussie director James Wan.
The appeal lies in having the old tunes played well, not in seeing anything surprising or unexpected. But oh, golly, how well it's played.
I anxiously await the third chapter in the saga.
It's a high-quality horror film, not as good as the original, but exceedingly entertaining.
What's entertaining here is that they leave the usual Amityville surroundings for a damp and mouldy council semi in Enfield, London, in 1977, where the Hodgson family is being plagued by a poltergeist.
The Conjuring 2 might very well be the best horror movie we've seen from James Wan yet, marking a confident return to horror for the director who has repeatedly changed the genre time and time again throughout his career.
It's not exactly 'the truth.'
Wan knows what he is doing, and more often than not this sequel offers up enough in the way of thrills and chills to satisfy.
It somehow manages to be scarier, more thoughtful, and more intellectually honest than its predecessor.
If the weather is a bit too warm for you right now, this should chill the blood just right.
[A] frightening follow-up which will keep fans, and newcomers, happy and satisfied.
A film that is equally as good as the original: a tightly-wound, precise and frightening excursion into the shadowy odyssey of paranormal dangers.
Perhaps it's not surprising that The Conjuring 2 has taken a Marvel-esque approach -- expanding its universe, developing recurring characters, upping the ante with its big bads and seeding a range of possible further spinoffs. And, weirdly, it works.
Not only do you have great performances, you also have great production values and a solid script that will scare you for almost two hours. [Full review in Spanish]
James Wan has become a master of horror and The Conjuring 2 will keep you on the edge of your seat. [Full review in Spanish]
The film's most impressive quality is its use of sound, music and visuals. Wan clearly knows how to keep the audience on their toes.
Elvis, Jesus and returning husband-and-wife ghostbusters Ed and Lorraine Warren (Patrick Wilson and Vera Farmiga) are among the sources of evil-exorcising uplift in this effective shocker.
isn't quite as good as the first film, but it works well enough on multiple levels that it's hard to begrudge Wan for taking the characters on another paranormal go-round
James Wan knows his craft and brings back the ghost hunter couple for an entertaining, well-executed, and uncomplicated sequel. [Full review in Spanish]
While this very scary sequel is a bit on the long side, director James Wan is at the top of his game, taking a great idea and turning it into a rare, thoughtful chiller that ponders the metaphysical.
James Wan has such love for horror that he managed to make a good sequel in the genre. [Full review in Spanish]
A really entertaining horror film in spite of the almost two hour running time. [Full review in Spanish]
...a passable yet hopelessly bloated big-budget sequel (ie Wan is clearly not a big believer in the less-is-more concept).
Theres nothing more effective in the film to make us scared that Vera Farmiga's powerful gaze and performance. [Full review in Spanish]
It maintains the same level of quality as the first one. [Full review in Spanish]
Supernatural demonic spirits arise in North London, continuing the scary franchise.
The Conjuring 2 consolidates Wan as a commercial director with a talent to scare like few others. [Full review in Spanish]
The casting for the Warren's couldn't been more on point. [Full review in Spanish]
An excellent sequel that is almost on par with the magnificent first part. [Full review in Spanish]
Just don't ask too many questions about the source material.
Horror fans can't miss this film. [Full review in Spanish]
A must see film for horror film lovers and for those who enjoy having a horrible/great time at the movies. [Full review in Spanish]
James Wan manages to delivers great scares in this sequel. [Full review in Spanish]
James Wan is so much better at this than every other director working in the horror genre. (Splice Today)
Wan's expert deployment of genre jolts is no less in evidence this time around, but as he takes his time - perhaps even a bit too much of it - interweaving the Warrens' story with that of the Hodgsons... he crafts a deep dive into dread.
Wan employs all the old tricks, weird old man, flying furniture, self-starting toys and creepy voices. But the skill is in how he uses them -- a kind of tease means proper jump moments.
[Wan's] framing of the scares is artfully managed, and it is the accomplished Wolfe, rather than any monster, who takes true possession of the tale.
Great. So now, along with being spooked by claps, dolls and nuns, I'm tisantaphobic too. Thanks for everything, James Wan.
As good as any of the best in the genre, notably because of Madison Wolfe who plays Janet and because it really is scary.
There isn't anything terribly new in The Conjuring 2 as furniture moves and vilelooking demons keep jumping out of the shadows but the acting and the craftsmanship make all the difference.
Wan's sinuous camera leaves us constantly off balance, the frame bent and tilted. The design team go all out with a colour palette of mould and despair.
There are some unsettling moments, to be sure, but most of the scare tactics feel generated more through gimmicks and manipulation than genuine suspense.
James Wan is a modern master at making horror movies with the momentum of fairground ghost train rides.
The Conjuring 2 has a few slow moments and should be a bit shorter than two hours, but it's a technically dazzling, emotionally acted, scary film. Were I still a young teen I'd be having a few sleepless nights now.
The director is unparalleled when it comes to create atmosphere and shock. [Full review in Spanish]
As a horror experience the film is perfect, but it lack depth. [Full review in Spanish]
Continuing on from the 2013 hit, this sequel blends fact and fiction to follow real-life ghostbusters Ed and Lorraine Warren from the 1976 Amityville haunting to an encounter with the Enfield poltergeist in 1977 London.
Wan and his (American) screenwriters work hard to evoke place and period, and let's forgive them the anachronistic use of The Clash's London Calling (1979).
I recommend this wholeheartedly. Just take a family member to hide behind.
It's quality horror and something Wan appears able to conjure up at will.
The movie drags on for two-and-a-quarter-hours, far too long for this kind of nonsense.
If you like to be scared, The Conjuring 2 is your upside-down crucifix.
By strategically limiting what we see, Wan wrings genuine suspense out of his predictable plot.
The sequel maintains the quality of the first one, but all the cliches as well. [Full review in Spanish]
You'll jump a few times in this film - it's impossible not to, given the deafening digital stabs of sound - but this just rehashes a clutch of cliches, including a borrowing from The Babadook.
Shocking and varied showcase of scares. James Wan shows his mastery of the genre once again. [Full review in Spanish]
A great horror film without a doubt, but fans of the genre will expect more from it. [Full review in Spanish]
James Wan has complete mastery of the genre. [Full review in Spanish]
... Builds off its 2013 predecessor in all the best ways and is the best pure horror film I've seen in years.
... The Conjuring 2 proves that it can stand the heat of this sequel-filled summer blockbuster season and come out of the flames a better film than its predecessor.
Wan orchestrates a number of thrillingly effective set-pieces, including a heart-in-mouth climax and a genuinely chilling sequence set in the flooded basement.
Wan's film runs for an absurdly overextended two and a quarter hours, and an entire hour and five minutes have passed before the Warrens actually set foot on English soil.
It brings new life to the horror language. [Full review in Portuguese.]
Horror-meister James Wan had yours truly pretty much from the opening sequence. And he didn't let go until the final credits rolled.
Then the movie kicks back into gear, a series of regular horror movie mechanics, with people walking into rooms they shouldn't and doors banging and figures slamming into walls.
Unless the sight of a bad Marilyn Manson impersonator, toys that suddenly move or -- ooo! -- TVs that magically change the channel give you the willies, it's best to avoid The Conjuring 2.
Wan is gradually remaking cliches of the cliches he resurrected to make two franchises possible.
"The Conjuring 2" is one of the premier horror sequels of all time, not just improving on its predecessor but retroactively improving it.
It follows the same beats as the first one, with great atmosphere, ominous cinematography and magnetic performances by Farmiga and Wilson. [Full review in Spanish]
James Wan's ability to take standard chiller conventions and find unexpected ways to execute them ensures that, despite a few weaknesses, The Conjuring 2 holds you in its grasp.
This new 'Conjuring' sequel has all sorts of problems, but there's never a moment's doubt that you're in the hands of a professional.
In short, The Conjuring 2 is a lot better than any of us had cause to expect. Do carry on
While deploring the glorification of the Warrens, I can't deny that James Wan has made one creepy horror movie.
[James Wan] has found a way to burrow into your brain and claimed his own area - the hippo-WAN-pus - to pull your puppet strings with red herrings and unpredictable startles.
James Wan has delivered what should rightfully be considered his masterpiece.
One of the most intense and nerve wrecking films I've seen. [Full review in Spanish]
It will divide fans of the original, but James Wan still manages to deliver scary moments, impecable visuals and two memorable performances by the protagonists. [Full review in Spanish]
Even if the ending is a little weak, the overall atmosphere of the film is something to be thankful for. [Full review in Spanish]
The Conjuring 2 is a sequel that works in every sense of the word. [Full review in Spanish]
It speaks well of Wan and his team that even if most of the virtues of the original film are gone, the sequel works as well as the first one. [Full review in Spanish]
This sequel is vastly inferior than its predecessor. [Full review in Spanish]
Even hardened horror fans will find themselves covered in gooseflesh, as this spooky sequel ratchets up the tension like thumbscrews.
Sequels often struggle to measure up. That's the case here. It feels like Wan, a reliable genre director ("Saw," "Insidious"), put forth his greatest hits from those previous efforts and the redundancy haunts "The Conjuring 2."
Perhaps the best metaphor for this movie is its own ghostly antagonist: A 72-year-old curmudgeonly pensioner named Bill who died watching TV in his old armchair.
Like a great rock guitarist Wan knows his instrument, especially in those incredibly tense moments when a pitch perfect sustained note holds attention until the slam of a power-chord-jump-scare.
Better than the 2013 original, it gets enough right that I'm willing to give it a generous thumbs-up in what's proving to be a particularly dismal movie season (the films featuring the heroic Avengers and the nice guys excepted).
We can acknowledge the quality of the film while decrying the subject matter as utter horsesh*t.
A forgettable but fun movie made for the experience of watching it with friends in the theatre to scream, get scared and laugh. [Full review in Spanish]
Looks like every other horror movie of this ilk. I was more entertained by the stoned lady two seats down who screamed non-stop.
Entirely too long, but Farmiga and Wilson play the hell out of this ghost-busting couple. They're committed, both to the work and to each other.
With a strong, scary sequel, James Wan proves that the Warrens are a reason to come back.
At 134 minutes, TC2 is an excruciating ordeal for discriminating horror fans -- or anyone who understands that life is short.
You always get the sense that the Hodgsons are being targeted by something that is truly out of their control, and that's the biggest scare of all.
There are only so many times a slamming door will get an audience to jump.
The Conjuring 2 is a dexterously directed horror. There is never a moment when the audience gets comfortable.
Director James Wan pulls off one terrific set piece after another. You'll squirm or jolt in your seat according to the puppetmaster's whim.
If you're a fan of the genre you'll be pleased, but it doesn't stand out as much as its predecessor. [Full review in Spanish]
The Conjuring 2 isn't as innovative a horror film throwback as its predecessor, it's an excellent ghost story in its own right.
If going to the movies and being terrified is your idea of a great night out, then The Conjuring 2 is for you.
It's a gentle, life-affirming love story interrupted by some nasty demons.
While the haunted house storyline may feel routine, The Conjuring 2 is bolstered by striking camerawork, strong performances and a gleefully unsettling mood.
Though The Conjuring 2 lacks some of what made its predecessor a genuinely excellent, critically-acclaimed horror film, it's still compelling.
Some nice touches, but way too long and derivative.
A retro terror trip to re-live another harrowing, real-life event from the annals of America's original ghost busters.
Wan goes bigger and splashier … Metaphorically splashier, I mean; it's not very bloody, but it's bloody scary, thanks to Wan's skills and some shrewd choices by Chad and Carey Hayes.
...for those seeking some summer thrills and chills without rivers of blood and gore, it's a solid successor to the original.
May be a fairly standard exorcism tale, but like its predecessor it's crafted with such style, and directed with such command of the genre's conventions, that it stands head and shoulders above the competition.
Haunted only by lost opportunities.
Will surely shock the faint-hearted and leave them sleeping with a night light, even if at times it appears Wan has bitten off a little more than he chew.
Wan's developed into a clever horror-meister, tinkering with the classic pacing of the anticipated bump in the night. Solid performances from Farmiga and young Madison Wolfe strengthen the sequel.
An outstanding ghost story that delivers thrills and chills and moments of heartfelt tenderness. Director, James Wan raises the bar again for the horror genre with his original camera work and master storytelling.
What a load of rubbish...with Wan's rendition of the Warrens on site, the situation spirals more into Tobe Hooper's "Poltergeist" than the Enfield story's, with an over-the-top climax part "The Exorcist" part "The Perils of Pauline."
A master at the slow burning eeriness
The work of a horror filmmaker who knows what he's doing. (Full Content Review for Parents - Violence, Scares, etc. - Also Available)
A supernatural winner bound to make some noise at the box office and worthy of loud applause.
Like its predecessor, it's exceedingly well crafted, relentlessly terrifying and boasts characters you actually root for.
Much longer, more elaborate, more dramatic, and more packed with chilling moments and hair-raising visuals than one could anticipate, even from Wan.
Its not good vs. evil, it is the love the Warrens have for each other. Wan delivers a suitable follow-up even though it might not be the Warrens story to tell.
The Conjuring 2 is a very satisfying and scary horror sequel.
Covers a lot of the same ground -- but it wets a lot of the same pants, too, if you know what I mean.
The horror sequel is a tough thing to pull off in general, and The Conjuring 2 is most certainly one of the better efforts... But, for better or worse, the first movie was just too good and The Conjuring 2 can't hold a candle to its predecessor.
The Conjuring 2 fail[s] to live up to its excellent predecessor... a horror movie should never, ever cause me to laugh when it's trying to scare me or attempting a serious emotional moment.
In the end, The Conjuring 2 is a solid, straight-up scare-fest, but there is little lingering fear when the lights come up.
Once again, the movie's strength is in the way Wan plays out the scary moments. He takes safe and special items, like a child's toys, and uses them as instruments of terror. This works so well because an audience can relate to the simple items.
Wan can't resist throwing in everything from a demonic nun to an evil kinetoscope to a shape-shifting dog. But when building suspense, more means less.
The Conjuring 2 proves that, with a sufficient investment of time and energy, sequels don't have to be unsatisfying cash-grabs.
What makes "The Conjuring 2" work is the chemistry of Farmiga and Wilson, who give great reactions to the scariness around them and come off as a genuinely caring married couple.
It doesn't help that the form of fright the demon employs is more or less that of a standard Scooby-Doo villain.
Why does the most evil spirit in the house look like Marilyn Manson in a nun's costume?
Overall, it makes for an unsatisfying, uneven and rarely scary romp.
Wan keeps his audience on the edge of their seats the entire time.
the fact that The Conjuring 2 is so consistent creepy says a lot about its value, and the worth of the man making it all happen
It doesn't surpass its predecessor but it's full of horror and tension. [Full review in Spanish]
"The Conjuring 2" does everything you want a sequel to do. It's as well made as the original, but the location and the story are different enough that it's not just the same thing all over again.
The fact that the sequel is as effective as the original ... is greatly due to Wan's formal command of the material.
Its otherworldly threats are as gruesome and scary as they should be.
Another virtuosic exercise in mobile camerawork and moldering production design, tethered to a story that handles its characters and their working-class milieu with an unexpectedly grounded, sensitive touch.
Another year, another mix of "The Amityville Horror" and "The Exorcist." Solid acting and an emotional back story set this one slightly apart.
After a certain point, surely even necking teens would tire of this, right?
Creepy, skin-crawling "The Conjuring 2" proves a worthy, if little less chilling successor to the original, which this corner deemed its favorite film of 2013.
A mostly satisfying follow-up that brings back the excellent Patrick Wilson and Vera Farmiga as Ed and Lorraine Warren, the real-life paranormal experts most famous for investigating "The Amityville Horror'' house.
There isn't one single moment during its running time that the film doesn't keep the spectators on the edge of their seat. [Full review in Spanish]
A film that never goes for the cheap scare and captures the essence of genre classics like The Exorcist or The Shining. [Full review in Spanish]
As good as the first one when it comes to horror and scares and also great performances by Vera Farmiga and Patrick Wilson. [Full review in Spanish]
It's underneath the quality of the first one, but the last act and a couple of sequences show the powerful visuals Wan can create. [Full review in Spanish]
The Conjuring 2 is an awesome sequel that leaves you wanting to see the Warren's next case. [Full review in Spanish]
[Wan's] His latest exorcism story is more supernatural thriller than outright horror, but directed with real flair.
The Conjuring 2 is a great showcase for Farmiga and a pretty good excuse for an early-summer scare or two.
If you're looking for a single original, groundbreaking moment of terror, don't look to The Conjuring 2 for your fright.
With plenty of scares per square inch, this is a worthy follow-up to the original.
Wan knows how to sustain tension through terror, though he could have abbreviated the flabby middle of the movie.
"The Conjuring 2" satisfies more than it disappoints.
Classy, big-budget horror done right!
It's a ramshackle ghost story that Stephen King would throw at his trash can.
With big success comes big expectations, and "The Conjuring 2" is loaded with them. It doesn't live up to them, quite, but it's still scary and worth seeing.
It's just a shame the end of the movie wasn't lurking around the corner far sooner than when it finally turned up, by which time a considerable amount of my emotional investment in the film had been exhausted.
The Conjuring 2 demands to be seen within the communal confines of a real theater where patrons scream, shriek, shudder and shake in unison, bolstering the fear factor for everyone else.
When Conjuring 2 is scary, it's in a class its own.
The film is a blast as a funhouse-style genre exercise, but there's very little holding it all together.
James Wan's sequel manages to capture the spirit of the first film ... and takes the series and its two protagonists in a chilling new direction.
Refreshingly, there's nary a cheap scare manifested in this Conjuring, although the unspoken corollary to that is that The Conjuring 2 just isn't very scary, or even unnerving.
Certainly filled with frights, but lacks an engrossing story and variety of nightmare imagery. Much like his own "Insidious: Chapter 2," Wan ruins a good thing by overthinking the obvious.
Basically, the sequel takes almost everything that was wrong with the first film and vastly improves upon it, leading to a horror experience that ranks as one of the better offerings of the last few years.
The sequel overstays its welcome at a punishing 133 minutes, but the power of director James Wan compels you to scream your bloody head off.
A freakier follow-up featuring creepy kids, villains who'll keep you up at night and camerawork that puts moviegoers in a state of impending dread.
Despite all the children in all that peril, Wan is a humane sort of sadist. His latest offers little that's new, but the movie's finesse is something even non-horror fans can appreciate.
This isn't just a good horror film. It's a good film, which just happens to fall in the horror genre.
When The Conjuring 2 focuses its efforts on scaring the audience, it succeeds, wildly. And why wouldn't it?
Hey! It's Great Moments in Haunted House Movies, collected in a double album set called "The Conjuring 2."
A handful of effectively scary moments spread out over 134 minutes of a fairly dull haunted-house story.
Wan, beginning with Saw, through to Insidious and now this, has always known the ingredients for nightmare fuel, what with his creepy dolls, devil-faced fiends and seven-foot monster-nuns.
...has stellar moments of horror...
The talents involved commit to their craft and to the film, and the result is a rare horror movie that will have you jumping, smiling, and actually giving a damn.
Perfectly executed retro haunting flick that dives deep below the surface to explore themes of vision, belief and faith in what lies beyond the human realm.
With The Conjuring 2, Wan crafts an unusually strong sequel, filled with more than just scares.
James Wan (also helming the upcoming Aquaman) is such an able horror master that this is still a scare flick notches above the usual fare.
Always competent, but rarely compelling.
The Conjuring 2 is an excellent example of what more sequels should aspire to be, unique but respectful of the tone and style established in the original movie.
This is a movie where virtually every scene is designed expressly for the purpose of causing the viewer's colon to have an out-of-body experience.
"The Conjuring 2," it seems, is itself possessed - by the ghosts of other, better movies.
'Less Ed and Lorraine' and 'more cheese and cardboard' is precisely the last direction a sequel to the classy original should have gone in. Yet here we are.
The script lacks the religious or philosophical depth [of The Exorcist]. But there's nerve-tingling tension aplenty, expertly choreographed by Wan, right up until the grand cliffhanger finale.
The Conjuring 2 attempts to fold in a few broad thematic concepts, but most of them are undercut by the film's haphazard structure.
James Wan's method to the madness cannot be denied. He sure knows how to scare the terrified giggles out of you. But this sequel sticks so squarely to the formula, it leaves plenty of time for the more logical mind to wander.
All nuance gets crushed by noise and flash, with James Wan doubling, tripling, quadrupling down on the frights. It's dispiriting (if you will) watching him cram each set piece silly with scares.
Has the goods to give a case of the jitters to just about anyone, including the not easily rattled. If "The Conjuring 2" works effectively in exactly the way it intends, it additionally excels in its atmospheric restraint and attention to detail.
Despite its effective jump-scares and stunning camerawork, this sequel can't quite measure up to the emotional resonance of its predecessor.
It eventually devolves into basically the same core "scare" repeated over and over again.
This furiously bizarre follow-up deserves full marks for throw-everything-at-the-screen entertainment value, but none for execution.
When there's somefin strange...in your neighbor'ood...'oo you gonna call?
Enjoyable, even if it doesn't have the visceral, confident impact of the original.
The Conjuring 2 has enough texture and story to have appeal for all kinds of horror fans.
a series of expertly managed frights in which Wan shows off his skills - and repeatedly wrongfoots the viewer - in a variety of horror modes, from ghost motifs to exorcism tropes, and from Babadook-style mind monsters to vicious demons.
The ghost busters of The Conjuring 2 are scary good.
The streamlined elements of the first have now given way to mind-numbing clutter.
While the story feels a bit more Hollywood, a bit less "real" this time around, the family drama is still right at the center and is quite effective, and there's just something so satisfying about Farmiga and Wilson as these two roving do-gooders.
A whole lotta conjuring!
Hidden somewhere in the murky shadows of The Conjuring 2 is an utterly terrifying 90-minute horror movie that doesn't waste time on repetition, doubts, sidebar stories, or long conversations.
Those after a great, dark story will be impressed, seeing Wan once again deliver truly eerie scenes without the use of cheap tactics.
Frightening rarely strikes twice in the same place, despite the efforts of so many horror sequels, but even if The Conjuring 2 doesn't deliver the delightful jolts of its predecessor, it maintains a consistent chill throughout.
James Wan is not only redefining how we think about sequels...but also striving to make his masterpiece.
Lacking some of the simplicity and elegance of the first installment, "The Conjuring 2" is nonetheless a smoothly efficient horror movie, building to a powerhouse finale rooted in our emotional connection to the film's well-drawn main characters.
This is a film clever enough to scare us but not smart enough to accomplish anything more.
Experiencing terror this deep shouldn't be so fun, but The Conjuring 2 only furthers James Wan's case for being the top horror filmmaker in our modern era.
There are some solid scares (Wan is too gifted in the dark art of gotcha manipulation to not make you leap a few times), but there's nothing on par with the first film's brilliant hide-and-clap scene with Lili Taylor.
Wan has a gift that most slam-bang horror directors today do not: a sense of the audience - of their rhythm and pulse, of how to manipulate a moment so that he's practically controlling your breathing.
Between the fantastic talent of and chemistry between Patrick Wilson and Vera Farmiga, and the vision of James Wan, The Conjuring 2 demonstrates incredible potential for the emerging franchise.
The Conjuring 2 softly remakes the human misery of [The Exorcist], with a focus being on the deterioration of a little girl... and its draining, nihilistic effect on her family.
The Conjuring 2 goes by extremely quickly for such a long film and is scarier than the first.
The Conjuring 2 is slick and stylish to the point of distraction; this isn't horror, this is exaggerated carnival fare.
After 'Insidious' and 'The Conjuring', James Wan has his method down.

@highlight

The Conjuring 2 can't help but lose a bit of its predecessor's chilly sting through familiarity, but what remains is still a superior ghost story told with spine-tingling skill.