Underrated-- both the vivid Hollywood history tale itself, and the performances, especially Dane DeHaan as screen icon James Dean.
Dean's struggle with the fame that was just around the corner, and Stock's determination to get the scoop that would transform his own career are the twin drivers of one of those canny biographies that doesn't attempt A-Z coverage.
(Dane DeHaan) gives a frankly pretty dreadful performance as iconic actor James Dean. It's mannered, visible (you can definitely see the 'acting' going on) and largely unconvincing.
A movie that shows a very important period of American cinema and photography, making us part of the troubles of the search for transcendence. [Full review in Spanish]
It could have been crammed with dialogue and incident but, instead, there's lots of silence and understated subtlety.
[Corbijn] elicits wonderful performances from DeHaan, Pattinson and also Ben Kingsley, who steals every scene as studio boss Jack Warner.
DeHaan captures Dean's essence impressively, while Pattinson delivers his best work since David Cronenberg's Cosmopolis.
Life turned out to be as bland as its title.
For Dean aficionados, this is a wonderful way to get the backstory on some of the most iconic images we have of the star.
As the film's emotional anchor, Stock isn't nearly as fascinating by comparison.
It really is the work of Pattinson, and even more so DeHaan, that makes "Life" a success.
Pattinson and DeHaan are both strong, portraying real people with a mix of imitation and individuality.
There's not much to go on here.
Corbijn is great at taking real-life flesh and blood people and alchemically rendering them in striking 2-dimensional images that transcend and mythologize the reality, but "Life" shows him fall some way short of achieving the reverse.
Both Pattinson and DeHaan could have used more to do, but both actors put in performances that elevate the proceedings.
Flat James Dean biopic has swearing, some nudity.
A moody, leisurely and occasionally frustrating piece of work ...
The actors and their exchanges ring true, and by the time the film reaches its lonesome conclusion, the resonances are eerie.
Dig, if you will, the pictures, but you don't need "Life" as a stargazing aid.
I loved Ben Kingsley's over-the-top work as studio head Jack Warner, who in one scene explains the lay of the land to Mr. Dean in a manner that would inspire envy from Don Corleone. This guy isn't messing around.
It ends up demystifying Dean, perhaps by accident but no less regrettably.
Life misses the mark by perhaps a sixtieth of a second, but that's enough.
While the script is sometimes too heavy footed, on the whole Life has an unassuming quality that wears well over the course of its two hours.
It's odd that Corbijn, a gifted still photographer in his own right, has so little to say about the relationship between shooter and subject, or the impermanence of celebrity.
As a portrait of James Dean, Life only manages to capture his soft, stolid side.
Beautifully written and directed, this fact-based drama is an odd mixture of excellent acting and not-quite-right casting.
An engaging and thoughtful snapshot of Dean's life, enlivened by a pair of superb performances and stunning production design.
A smart, wistful exploration of art, ambition, and celebrity, with appealingly melancholic performances by Robert Pattinson and Dane DeHaan.
Life may cast Pattison against type as Stock, but his empathy for the plight of the stage-managed movie star remains clearly etched on his face ...
It is very slow-moving and deliberately uneventful (there's no depiction of the car-racing that led to Dean's death) and self-consciously beautifully photographed, almost more than it is filmed, one might say, throughout.
Plaudits to Pattinson for once again taking the tougher route, downplaying his own matinee-idol charms for something less attractive but more adventurous.
Life is a listless biopic that doesn't even try to capture the neurotic intensity of James Dean as a young actor.
It's a very professional piece of work, but it's terribly hard to love.
If it does not sound like quite enough to sustain an audience's interest, that is because it isn't. But it might have been.
A tryingly fey biopic with all the style and substance of cigarette smoke.
Life is a paean to the lost days when matinée idols were preserved in luminous black and white, in magazine spreads that allowed photojournalists to indulge in deep coverage for months.
An interestingly personal picture about that moment when the shutter snaps, and how it changes the nature of any human interaction.
Life is most certainly an actor's film, but it's the best sort - one where the director is constantly striving to accentuate his performers. You'll never view James Dean in the same way again.
[Dane DeHaan's] star quality is well served to Corbijn's bittersweet evocation of studio-driven Hollywood and its relationship with a long faded way of American life.
It has a feeling for Dean's tragedy, and the loneliness he found at the heart of his success, that is chilling, and which lingers alongside Stock's images as the credits roll.
Life depicts Dean as a sensitive, capricious creature, staring down his impending fame with paralysing foreboding.
It's worth seeing for [DeHaan's] performance alone.
Doesn't register emotionally in the way it strives for, but is diverting as a portrait of the nascent celebrity industry, with fine performances from Dane DeHaan and Robert Pattinson.
Indeed, there's ample life in this film, which succeeds in capturing something and someone elusive.
While convincingly '50s in look and style, and with good work from Pattinson (who we almost wind up liking!) and DeHaan (whose JD isn't quite as much of a narcissistic creep as the real thing), Corbijn's latest still irritates.
Pattinson, who has pushed himself into more demanding roles after his own teen idol phase in the Twilight franchise, is the best thing in this flawed, sometimes emotionally shapeless movie.
Dane DeHaan becomes a magnificent James Dean and, as odd as it may seem, Robert Pattinson is a very respectable Dennis Stock. [Full review in Spanish]
Basically there isn't much of a story here.
This beautifully crafted drama richly personalises a man whose life story has so often been told in headlines and broad strokes.
LIFE is fairly low-key, yet it breathes with an honesty and an astuteness.
As Life proceeds the pace picks up and by the third act, it is a compelling dramatisation of an artistically fascinating alliance.
Ultimately Luke Davies's script, for all its warm observations on the man behind the myth... feels like a footnote to a footnote in our cultural history.
An absorbing insight into the life of one of the industry's mot renowned, and elusive stars.
Life doesn't deliver on its considerable promise.
"Life" identifies the key contradiction in Dean's star persona: A shy, genuinely gifted nonconformist, he was eventually (and posthumously) styled, marketed and managed to appear as untamed and undoctored an individual as possible.
By the end a certain frustration has set in, with not quite enough payback to justify the script's slow-burn dramatic arc.
There are some pleasing touches, but this film is a frustrating experience.

@highlight

Life may frustrate viewers seeking a James Dean biopic with its subject's intensity, but it remains a diverting, well-acted effort assembled with admirable craft and ambition.