So far, the best animated movie of 2010. [Full review in Spanish]
It's charming, funny and a lot like Avatar, though less solemn and an hour shorter.
Based on the book by Cressida Cowell, the movie from writer-director Dean Dubois is funny, well-drawn and imaginatively structured so that adults need have no fear about taking the kids to it.
Instead of relying on dizzying gimmicks, Dreamworks' new animated feature simply revels in the sheer heart-pumping pleasure of watching action unfold through those Buddy Holly-style glasses.
It's a foolproof scheme for picture making: take the plot elements of favorite movies, paint the concoction with bright colors so it looks like the zazziest customized car, set it running at NASCAR speed, and you have How to Train Your Dragon.
Undoubtedly Dreamworks' best film yet, and quite probably the best dragon movie ever made.
Everything from the angle of the shot to the speed of the editing projects an end visual that feels like you're either on Toothless' back or you get an outsider perspective of just how fast he's flying.
What helps elevate How to Train Your Dragon above the glut of other recent animated fare is its message about tolerance and realizing that your enemy may not be as different as you think.
This is the best animated film since Coraline. It proves that adventure can be fun and still say something.
How to Train Your Dragon glossily repackages two of the most common themes echoed in animated family movies: embracing uniqueness and rebelling against conformity.
Three cheers to DreamWorks for zipping it, at long last: in laying aside the post-modern quips, they've rediscovered an airborne sense of joy.
Happily, Toothless, like Stitch, combines affects of cats, dogs, bats, lizards, and other independent-minded creatures, known and unknown.
There's lots of action but there's even more heart.
It's all right.
Beautifully crafted and effortlessly entertaining, this is an unexpected triumph.
How to Train Your Dragon is one animated movie where the background images are at least as interesting -- and sometimes more interesting -- than what's in the foreground.
It looks very cool, especially in three dimensions.
The humour is delightful and consistent... All age groups might equally appreciate the film's pertinent point that learning about a perceived enemy is more valuable than fight-or-flight.
How To Train Your Dragon may be the most emotionally satisfying boy-meets-creature movie since E.T. - and that's not a comparison made lightly.
The surprise of the 3D animated adventure How to Train Your Dragon isn't that once again the digitally-rendered creatures dazzle -- it's that the movie does too.
What we have here is an exhilarating epic that mixes comedic and touching moments with some of the best action sequences ever created with CGI animation.
A soaring, roaring triumph when it comes to head-spinning visuals, How To Train Your Dragon keeps things simple.
Toothless has the one precious ingredient that's missing from so many of Hollywood's contemporary animated characters: an air of mystery.
On sheer visual terms, though, How to Train Your Dragon more than delivers; it's the kind of movie that will stick in the memory of kids who might want to make movies when they grow up.
A fun if lightweight adventure comedy that flies highest when it's putting the studio's patented 3D technology to striking use.
Smartly dispensing with the usual hubbub of pop references that dot many of these films, the movie offers touching, quiet moments and imaginative, high-flying beauty. It's fantastically entertaining.
It's a familiar story of friendship between man and beast, but it's also one that never grows old.
We may have seen such a story before, several times before actually, but somehow the creative team behind this film still manages to make it feel fresh, while keeping us engaged in its plot.
Exuberant execution, infectious humor, and overwhelming charm.
A totally enthralling movie that despite using well-worn themes seems totally fresh. Beautiful to behold and always witty, this is what I would have nominated as best film of 2010 had I seen it in time.
It's a Harry Potter-meets-Avatar adventure that should delight most children and adults.
The humor, while quite often aimed at children, is light and funny enough, but without hurting the action at all.
While by no means a classic, 'How to Train Your Dragon' is sweet, likable fun.
Most magical is the funny, tender bond between the uncool teen and the wildly cool, beguiling black dragon, Toothless. News bulletin: we don't have to kill everything we're scared of! And we might just get the thrill ride of our geekiest dreams.
The result is fun and thrilling, and plenty of snappy jokes and sight gags will keep audiences of all ages entertained.
Swooping visuals and knockabout comedy blend in a family entertainment that should be the Easter weekend treat.
Like Up, it knows when to be funny, when to lay on the action and when to be moving.
Technically proficient and featuring a witty, intelligent, surprisingly insightful script, How to Train Your Dragon comes close to the level of Pixar's recent output while easily exceeding the juvenilia Dreamworks has released in the last nine years.
Those who were enchanted by the flying sequences in Avatar will experience the same exhilaration here as Hiccup rides Toothless between mountain peaks. Equally uplifting is the father-son reconciliation which is handled with just the right emotional heft.
Neck and neck with "Toy Story 3" as the finest animated film of 2010...
It has some fun character designs, a good message, and some fairly typical jokes, and then last of all is the characters and the story.
With 'real' Harry Potter fighting wizards all over the planet, what fun it is to have animated characters take on the big bad dragons that plagued Vikings for years.
HTYD takes a bold chance, and attempts to entertain adults not by being cute, gimmicky, thematically challenging, or infused with pop culture shout outs; it does so by being imaginative, heartfelt, and beautiful in fiery flourishes.
Sanders and DeBlois have given DreamWorks Animation their best entry to date.
The film doesn't tread any new ground, at least in terms of the narrative, but the breathtaking visuals, heartwarming themes, spirited action and energetic voice cast make this one animated title audiences of all ages should check out.
Snappy one-liners, interesting side characters and cracking action scenes - including a thrilling final battle - elevate this above its slightly corny premise.
Each time I go to the movies, I'm dying to feel once again like my seven-year-old self; overcome with exhilaration. For a few brief, shining moments, How To Train Your Dragon was able to do that.
...delightful and appealing, rousing and friendly, thoroughly enjoyable from beginning to end.
full review at Movies for the Masses
There is depth to its dazzle, with a great story filled with memorable characters top lining what is sure to be the feature animation film to beat thus far this year.
Fun, exciting and inventive. With more films like this and Kung Fu Panda, DreamWorks could become a serious competitor in the animation field.
Knowledge is power in this film, and I always love a good pro-intellect story; even better, this is a pro-animal, pro-empathy story, as well. Deep love of Toothless the dragon as well.
This thing works on many levels, and it's pretty darned cute.
Craig Ferguson contributes some good moments, and how odd is it to see Gerard Butler involved in a film that doesn't suck?
DreamWorks sometimes manages to give Pixar a run for the money. Here they simply come up with a good commercial product.
The tone moves smoothly from cartoony humor to exciting action, and the visuals - including some soaring flight sequences, augmented with subtle 3-D - are wondrous.
It is, quite simply, a good story told in an entertaining, imaginative and heartfelt way. Now come on, DreamWorks; was that really so difficult?
Great characters, a snappy script and some dazzling aerial animation do much to elevate this film from your standard kids' fare.
Those who enjoyed flying on dragons in 3D in AVATAR can do it again. The plot is overly familiar but still effective.
Dragon isn't an instant classic, but there's emotion and darkness in it.
Here's a smart tale with a social conscience that just happens to be told with animation - and it's in 3D, to boot.
Deserving of the highest praise for a family film: I walked out ready to see it again, but with my kids in tow the second time around.
The dragon designs are wonderful, the action is exciting and the anti-warmongering message is timely and persuasive.
the film's ethical structure is not hammered onto the narrative, but rather flows effortlessly out of it, merging story and theme in ways that are both exciting and deeply touching
Training dragons never looked more fun.
Great fun for kids.
A visually stimulating, but slightly inconsequential "how to" tale.
While not quite up to the bar set with Kung Fu Panda, DreamWorks Animation again proves that Pixar no longer stands alone at the top of CG animated storytelling.
DeBlois and Sanders did a fine job with their last outing Lilo and Stitch, but they've really outdone themselves with this newest creation and should give Pixar a run for their money come awards time.
The characters are the strong suit of this film, and the story is very good as well. The animation and 3D effects are excellent, especially the flying scenes, which are reminiscent of those in 'Avatar.'
It's not only better than I thought it was going to be, it's a lot better than I thought it was going to be.
A winning combination of vivid imagery, snappy writing and a strong narrative
The most important message of [ How to Train Your Dragon] is from DreamWorks to their rivals Pixar. It simply reads, "We're baaaack."
Tras las últimas cintas fallidas de DreamWorks Animation, ésta es una realización mucho más fresca e inteligente.
Beautifully animated, genuinely touching and with a terrific climax, it's the perfect family film.
How To Train Your Dragon has invention and emotion in abundance and will delight audiences of all ages with its lush visuals and smart script.
Think of the fun, wit and exhilaration of Kung Fu Panda meeting the utter charm and cleverness of Cloudy With A Chance Of Meatballs and you've got How To Train Your Dragon.
Dreamworks' latest venture into animation is thrilling for children (though too scary for under-sixes) and extremely tolerable for adults.
Magical storytelling that makes perfect family entertainment for the Easter holidays.
An enjoyable family movie, with some great flight sequences - and there's an interestingly realistic sense of the dangers involved in risking your neck for others.
The film looks terrific. The colours burst out of the screen like fireworks and the opening dragon attack sequence is genuinely exhilarating.
Following a slow, overly verbal start, this dragon tale takes flight.
At last, DreamWorks Animation has made a great animated film; a Pixar-quality film, if I dare say it.
Is it breaking new ground, the way Pixar does? No, it's not quite that ambitious. It just wants to entertain for 98 minutes. I was wowed. That's what I was hoping for and that's what I got.
How to Train Your Dragon is a fun-filled frolic through the skies as seen through the eyes of a kid both young and old will be able to relate to, its ultimate destinations ones many viewers will thrill to again and again and again.
Dragon lands on its feet.
After a slow start, this becomes a really good adventure flick. There aren't many laughs, but the father-son, and son-dragon relationship will appeal to everyone.
How to Train Your Dragon is an enchanting and touching family film.
The start wobbles, but once boy and dragon connect, this becomes a thrilling flight.
The visuals are striking, the script sharp and well paced and it all wraps up with a breathtaking aerial battle sequence.
In short, it's Avatar for children -- the flying scenes are even better and it comes minus the bad language and violent gun battles.
Some pixel-enhanced fantasy adventures are crude, untrained and head-butting. Others are well-mannered, nourishing and pretty to look at. Dragon Dragon is in the second category...
A sweet David vs Goliath tale that has the heart that most animated films don't bother to attempt to find.
How to Train Your Dragon has terrific action sequences, compelling 3-D, personality-filled character voices, a lively story, credible moral lessons, and wondrous cinematography.
Beautifully animated and superbly written, this is a hugely entertaining, frequently funny and emotionally engaging adventure with thrilling action sequences and a terrific voice cast.
Brightly colored, beautifully directed, exciting, entertaining and charming -- with little hint of postmodern smugness.
A film that makes family night at the movies worth the price of admission again.
A perfectly entertaining movie enhanced by the 3-D effects. Sure to become a classic for the kids (and adults).
A fast-paced, funny adventure, offsetting its more grounded scenes with some breathtaking flights of fancy - and in an age when fundamentalism and secularism are constantly at war, it teaches children never simply to believe what they read.
A boy and his dragon. What kid with a library card or Kindle hasn't daydreamed about that?
All of this is presented in a charming, generally amusing fashion.
With the most striking 3D yet produced for an animated film, perfect voice work, and a lovely script, How to Train Your Dragon proves that the breakthrough year for the form in 2009 could be a breakthrough era. It's not over.
There are only a couple of quiet moments ... but the movie makes the occasional calmness count.
An animated movie with the courage to take itself seriously and entertain you by being genuinely good, as opposed to tricking itself out with pointless hipness.
With aspirin by your side, if you are a parent who doesn't mind your children dreaming nightly of battling gargantuan, carnivorous, fire-breathing lizards, How to Train Your Dragon is a comparatively cheap babysitter.
With breathtaking animation (about the best I've seen in recent years, certainly on par with "Up") and a very sweet tale, "How to Train Your Dragon" is one of the best films of the year thus far.
Fanciful family fun - with lots of heart.
The critters in 'How to Train Your Dragon' may not be as cuddly as the ones in 'Up' or 'The Lion King,' but in their own way they become just about as lovable.
It is the story and characters that is the draw to me, not the 3D.
Dragon's tolerant heart brings back new life to the otherwise stale DreamWorks animation department.
I didn't love it, but I certainly didn't hate it. There are a far worse ways to spend a Saturday afternoon with your kids than seeing this movie.
You can't fault a movie with the message: 'Don't kill. Learn instead.'
This dog can hunt. On the ground. Way-way up in the air. Swimming through clouds breathing fire. Imagine Old Yeller on a hundred pep pills.
Parents should enjoy it, and kids will absolutely love it.
How to Train Your Dragon uses its whiz-bang technology to amplify feelings as well as dimension and scale. The big optical wow is only the half of it.
Swift action, a smart script, stunning animation and capable set of voice actors come together for a movie that soars.
An upbeat, energetic and thoroughly enjoyable exercise in animated fun.
The 3D is justified, mostly by flying sequences that are certain to fuel the dreams of many a child.
The 3-D throughout How to Train Your Dragon is perhaps the best match with animation yet -- exhilarating when it's supposed to be, yet integrated into the film rather than seemingly pasted on.
One of the pleasures in this wise, emotionally bold PG ride is there's nary a wink, nudge or nod to popular culture.
Tenderness, beauty and exhilaration are the movie's great strengths.
The film truly starts to soar when Hiccup takes his first ride on Toothless.
Like James Cameron's landmark achievement, this 3-D spectacle from DreamWorks is a thrilling feat of imagination and technical ingenuity.
Thrilling 3-D adventure sends brains over brawn message.
A rousing adventure for families, but it's the animation that truly makes the film fly higher than others in the genre.
Although it's an exciting ride to an easily predictable yarn, this is one kids' movie that is fun for everyone.
the filmmakers show a keen understanding that this is a tale of high adventure and magical wonder
Full of wonder, charm and dragons not doubling as stand-up comics
Has all of the right amounts of sweetness and fun, even if the story is simple.
Though the 3-D effects are awesome, this movie also succeeds in two-dimensions because it is driven by the story and not by effects.
What gives [this] story emotional heft has to do with a different kind of dimension: a depth of feeling surrounding the Black Stallion-style bonding of boy and beast.
A soaring, endearing adventure feature that plays smart and fierce. Now stop giving your money to Tim Burton's wheezy imagination and see something with genuine magic. An actual, effective, multi-dimensional wonderland.
Not only one of the best animated films in years but one of the best I've seen. James Cameron should take story-telling pointers from this flick.
Do you hear that sound Pixar? It's How to Train Your Dragon, a lavish, thrilling, emotionally resonant film, nipping at your heels. The other studios are finally waking up to the gauntlet Pixar threw down more than 15 years ago.
Adults and children alike will fall in love.
At a time when Hollywood seems to be releasing everything this side of Dead Sea Scrolls documentaries in 3-D, How to Train Your Dragon is a briskly paced computer-animated entertainment that uses the format to maximum effect, the way Avatar does.
The one interesting aspect of the movie, apart from the design, is that it puts so much effort into projecting a moral, such as it is.
The production's magnificent vibe of friendship and the power of teamwork harkened back to the timeless relationship forged between Henry Thomas's Eliott and Steven Spielberg's E.T.
With its messages about acceptance, respect and tolerance, How To Train Your Dragon also brings some lessons of its own, including some valuable tools for doing battle with dragons, should the need arise.
It's a flick full of adrenaline, and it rushes straight for the heart.
Dragon has a timeless quality, which is a good thing because we're probably going Advertisement Quantcast to need its hopeful message even more 10 years from now than we do today.
It all adds up to a pleasant adventure, and one that doesn't insult parents or children. Lucky kids will find someone to take them this weekend. Even luckier adults will find someone to take.
The adventures of Hiccup and Toothless will excite and entertain kids while its clever script and gorgeous visuals will amuse and delight their parents. I feel a franchise coming on.
An exciting, thrilling, soaring adventure with the rare combination of dazzling visual effects and a heartfelt story that's captivating for everyone both young and old.
The concentration isn't on comedy—and thank goodness there are no farting dragon jokes—but on the drama that comes with an underdog going against the grain and standing up for what he believes in.
There's a level of purity to the storytelling of How to Train Your Dragon that's rather refreshing.
Parental Content Review
How to Train Your Dragon is family-friendly, funny, touching, entertaining, and may be the best animated film Dreamworks has made to date.
It's a thrilling action-adventure saga with exhilarating 3-D animation, a clever comedy with witty dialogue, a coming-of-age tale with surprising depth and a sweetly poignant tale of friendship between man and animal.
Baruchel gives Hiccup just the right level of emotion when dealing with his father while Butler is in full "300" mode, bellowing his orders loud and clear.
The movie is in stunning 3D but it is the 4th dimension -- heart -- where it truly excels.
Where this highly appealing comedy adventure really excels is with awesome visuals that rival Avatar's.
...a heck of a lot more fun than "Avatar."
Blends the mythic-culture awesome of Kung Fu Panda, the geek chic of Cloudy With Meatballs and the dragon-riding euphoria of Avatar [without matching] the soulfulness of Lilo & Stitch.
Take your kids and start saving up for the DVD, because I suspect they'll be asking you to buy it as soon as they leave the theater.
Though the dragons are cool in their various forms and the battle scenes are epic and exciting, watching two former foes become friends is what really makes the story fly.
There are times the action lags, and when the dialogue falls back on pop cultural references it feels contrived and forced but, mostly, like the mythical creatures at the heart of this tale, the movie soars.
How to Train Your Dragon is a visual marvel, and not just because it's in 3-D.
By Odin, they make it work.
While the 3D-animated experiences ranks among the best of them, How to Train Your Dragon is otherwise unspectacular. It's a very solid "It's not Pixar, but..." animated flick.
[It] The notion of having a pet dragon -- just like a pet whale, or a pet lion -- is a scenario that should appeal to children of all ages.
For its handful of faults, Dragon is one of the better movies to emerge from this still-young year.
It's been a long time since I had to stifle the urge to shout, 'No no NO!' at a movie screen in order to ensure that everything turned out okay in the end.
Baruchel, Ferguson and Butler supply a contagious sense of eccentricity that spreads to the supporting cast, especially the Viking teens played by America Ferrera and Jonah Hill.
The problem with Dreamworks Animation's latest foray into soulless smirking anachronism isn't the training, or the dragons -- it's the How To part that kills it.
The title creature in How to Train Your Dragon is an object lesson in how to entrance a young audience with animation.
How To Train Your Dragon retains a dash of the modern, winking attitude that's served as the not-always-welcome trademark of DreamWorks Animation, but its emphasis falls squarely on heartfelt storytelling and sumptuous images.
Codirectors Dean DeBlois and Chris Sanders understand more about visualizing the joy of flight than James Cameron ever will.
What saves the movie is the principal dragon, whose nickname is Toothless. He's sleek, black and powerful, with extraordinarily expressive eyes and a real sense of grandeur.
A magnificently entertaining, beautifully rendered 3D adventure from Dreamworks...
Here, Viking life is grim, hostile and heavy with social pressure -- kind of like Gossip Girl, only with dragon heads instead of handbags.
It's a brisk, amusing piece that doesn't have the weary sarcasm that besets a Shark Tale or Kung Fu Panda. Who needs a plastic toy and plastic meal when you have a genuinely good movie?
The swarming dragon attacks may truly frighten the littlest viewers, but the depiction of the pleasures of flight and the conquering of one's fears should make How to Train Your Dragon a perennial delight.
For the most part, the film does not put a foot wrong (though it would be interesting to learn why the adult Vikings speak with thick Scottish accents, while their offspring yabber away with an American twang).
How to Train Your Dragon doesn't have the depth and resonance of a classic, but the picture's modesty is refreshing,and its artistry is awe-inspiring (the lighting and cinematography are particularly impressive).
In steering a course between the rock of rude humor and the hard place of perilous drama, How to Train Your Dragon flies high.
It respects its audience enough without sticking to cheap shots and bad jokes.
Beautifully animated CGI adventure for youngsters has dragons and Vikings and characters with names like Snotlout. A decent little coming-of-age tale with parts more excellent than the whole.
The classic "fish out of water" plot has been charmingly and effectively retooled for Vikings and dragons - in a word, it's adorable.
Dragon burns to satisfy a broad audience with a searing blend of rollercoaster action, winning comedy and actual emotion.
It's the friendship between a boy and his beast that's at the warm heart of this film, and what a beautiful friendship it is.
A visually spectacular boy-and-his-dragon tale that's a thoroughly winning combination of action, humor and uplifting messages, all delivered with a happily light touch.
An enjoyable ride if your brain wants some time off. Come for the occasional high-flying adventure, snooze for everything else.
The incredible design and visual spectacle of Dragon is its biggest asset; the soaring flight sequences in particular rival the Avatar banshee rides for airborne thrills.
The superb cinematographer Roger Deakins served as a visual consultant, pushing the palette to an unusually burnished and sophisticated level. Kids may not notice the visual texture consciously, but adults will. Or should.
It devotes a great deal of time to aerial battles between tamed dragons and evil ones, and not much to character or story development. But it's bright, good-looking and has high energy.
How to Train Your Dragon takes its audience on a fire-breathing, dipping, diving ride and never looks back.
How To Train Your Dragon is, like Kung-Fu Panda, an exemplary, confident, streamlined piece of entertainment...
Honestly, it would take several more dimensions to craft something special out of this adequate but unremarkable animated tale.
Better than Avatar.
Directors Dean DeBlois and Chris Sanders, working from a script based on Cressida Cowell's books, should be credited for the way they develop the friendship between Hiccup and Toothless.
It's more coming-of-age dramedy or "everything about your world view is wrong" message movie than it is a comedy. And that seems like a waste of a funny book, some very funny actors and some darned witty animation.
Dragon is a solid comedy-adventure, though a few more laughs would have been helpful. It will delight kids and amuse their parents.
Embedded among the standard platitudes of parental tolerance and teens finding their own way, is the notion that we should try to understand our 'enemies' instead of engaging them in perpetual, passed-through-generations warfare.
Kids will absolutely adore and thrill to this adventure, but it will sneak up on grown-ups who will eventually be dazzled both by the beauty of the visuals and the masterful storytelling.
With How to Train Your Dragon, the filmmakers tone down the glib factor and tell a pretty good action yarn, a boy-and-his-dragon story filled with fiery Viking battles, swordplay and dazzling aerial imagery aboard the flying reptiles.
DreamWorks has created a state of the art family movie with a young hero and all the exotic elements of a fairy tale that seems far removed from our daily life. Or is it?
The characters are a wonderful mix of 18th century caricatured Viking pirates with impressively thick beards, horned helmets & broad Scottish accents with 21st century teens with American accents and plucky, adventurous dispositions willing to take risks
Kid stuff? Maybe. But How to Train Your Dragon, from the book by Cressida Cowell, works enough miracles of 3-D animation to charm your socks off.
The plot is Pocahontas, but with dragons instead of Native Americans. Our hero befriends a dragon and discovers that flying over-sized, fire-breathing reptiles are, well, people too . . .
A lively though disjointed 3D cartoon that never quite entices an audience to invest emotionally in its fantasy world.
A thrilling drama interspersed with amusing comedic elements (rather than the other way around).
Dreamworks may have topped itself with How To Train Your Dragon, an exciting, fun and sensationally entertaining movie for everyone, a thrilling action adventure fantasy that should slay the competition and grab great word of mouth.
It has winningly Potteresque teen-dragon-slayer classes, a queen-bee dragon as grand as Godzilla, and a layer of age-of-terror allegory about the ignorance bred by jingoism.

@highlight

Boasting dazzling animation, a script with surprising dramatic depth, and thrilling 3-D sequences, How to Train Your Dragon soars.