All that Aloft wants to do is to tell a story about a son and his mother, surrounding it with spiritual themes and metaphors involving falconry. [Full review in Spanish]
When the film is over, the story seems rather less interesting than it might have been had it played out more conventionally, though it also seems unfinished.
Aloft may have arisen from some unique personal mythology of maternalism, but it's brought down by abridgment, freezing out the feeling of whatever tragic pietà its maker may intend.
The characters feel like sketches, and the pace never deviates from its steady course.
While Iñárritu's work usually boasts some compensatory visual delight, this film drifts on its twenty-year timeline in a sepia-toned, handheld series of close-ups that look less gritty than just plain bad.
Aloft can sometimes be too slow-paced and enigmatic for its own good, the presence of these two actors helps to elevate Llosa's film to a higher level of cinematic prowess.
Aloft keeps us at a distance -- a problem for a film about spirituality that gives little critique or insight into the mythical healing process it is about.
A sad and dreamy drama with many New Age touches and a fondness for lingering over barren tundra that stands as a metaphor for its sense of loss.
It's bleak and beautiful at the same time.
An atmospheric but vague movie that functions like a therapy session, counseling acceptance and forgiveness via a storyline that seems pinched and forced in relation to the wide open spaces of the images.
For much of the film, the audience is busy connecting dots between the two storylines to figure out what happened between mother and son. But the lines that get drawn are unsatisfying.
... a beautiful slog, a needlessly complicated allegory that supplies us with some fraught falcon imagery and a couple of affecting moments before evaporating before our eyes, leaving us with the vague suspicion that we've missed some larger point.
A story that's meant to be about profoundly heartbreaking life moments somehow winds up feeling purely theoretical.
Just when you're ready for "Aloft" to take wing, it ends.
Vague, unsatisfying, emotionally distant parable about family tragedy and the healing power of art.
Connelly, with her signature brand of serene toughness, does tragedy very well, but she doesn't really have a character to play here; just an endless series of tight close-ups and troubled expressions.
Aloft's characters exude a certain impregnability, and the story's structure only further distances us from them.
Doesn't work as a whole, but it's wise enough where it counts, briefly understanding the sophistication of grief, relationships, and guilt.
It's turgid, inert, pretentious claptrap, so incoherent that you'll learn more from the studio's synopsis on IMDb than from actually seeing it.
A largely incomprehensible story told in a painfully lugubrious, structurally fractured fashion...it's likely to leave you cold--as well as bewildered.
Llosa's film pushes its enigmatic and quietly brooding qualities to the point that it's inaccessible, despite some mildly intriguing spiritual story elements and skilled performances ...
The majority of the film strives for ethereal lyricism but the melodrama of these lives never proves strong enough to anchor any real emotional connection.
Some movies practically dare you to give up. "Aloft" is a beautifully shot, frustratingly vague and deeply ponderous mystery/spiritual journey about terminally unhappy souls.
Drama about faith, family is atmospheric but uneven.
The truth is elusive, and so is Aloft. Maybe viewers will figure it out cleaner than this reviewer did. And maybe the best answers aren't served on platters.
A film for true believers: people who can accept - or at least wrestle with - the idea that God (or whatever) can ask you to do things that you and yours cannot understand, or give you a gift that's good only for other people.
It's a meditative and intriguing tale filled with mystical imagery that never reveals all of its secrets. That's a good thing.
The story doesn't add up to much, but the stark natural imagery and frank discussions of spiritual longing leave strong impressions.
Aloft marks an unrelentingly grim indie drama filled with so much loss, unhappiness and despair that it suffocates these characters.
Given its leitmotif of falcons in flight, one might expect a more soaring entrance, but the film's obtuse plotting grounds any such description.
Aloft has a few serene and gut-wrenching moments, especially when Peruvian director Claudia Llosa tones down her visual poetry to focus on Jennifer Connelly's achingly beautiful performance.
The characters in "Aloft" seem to float over their strong passions, like birds riding on columns of air, without ever alighting.
I'd call Aloft a slog, but it's not that enjoyable.
New Age niceties are strewn about the landscape, and lovely images clash to pretentious, oft-elliptical affect. Vast expanses of frost illuminate the script's cold heart. Magical realism? No, just an evanescing dream recounted fitfully.
A spiritually elevated, visually thrilling movie.
Unfortunately, the material isn't stirring, meaningful or graspable, despite the initial intrigue Llosa generates and her ability to make bleakness striking.
One problem with "Aloft" is that the audience is never made to care about Ivan. All we know is that he's repellent.
At times one feels there's an interesting film here struggling to break free (free as a bird!)...but what's made it to screen sends eyes aloft in its symbolism and its character dynamics.
"Adrift" is a more fitting title for this unmoored and glacially paced star vehicle, which prizes exasperating inscrutability over effective storytelling.
So irritatingly oblique, as chilly as its snowbound setting, that it grows difficult to care.
Aloft is ultimately a movie about our need to keep moving and searching. And at times, it's quite a lovely one.
Writer/director Claudia Llosa's rumination on art and nature as healing tools is a pretty abstraction where supporting players come into sharper focus than its leads..."Aloft" never takes wing.
The faith healing falconer with mommy issues movie of the year.
Lyrical and elliptical, but often confusing with awkward editing and a non-linear structure that deflates its dramatic momentum. Even Jennifer Connelly's convincingly moving performance can't save the film.
For all its brooding atmosphere and visual poeticism, the film offers a perspective on the lives of its characters that feels narrow and superficial.
"Aloft" sets up a compelling mystery - how could a loving mother abandon her son? - and then, frustratingly, refuses to solve it.
The entire flashback structure is building toward one of those twist endings that the characters would already know, but that's being deliberately withheld from the audience in an attempt at suspense.
If you're looking for an exhausting mental exercise and interested in experiencing the physical trauma of a polar vortex, well, go forward with Aloft.
Like a car mirror warning that objects may be closer than they appear, director Claudia Llosa's chilly New Age drama gives off a deceptive sense of depth.
Deep - deep! - in this impenetrable block of ice is an actual, OK story. But the patience it takes to get to it? The return on investment just isn't there.
It's more a sensual experience than a narrative, and while the dystopian prophecy boasts a concrete plot -- or two -- Llosa has loftier ambitions.
Llosa's film is a poem without rhythm or reason.
Visually striking but pretentious.
Even those incapable of getting ahead of the film's big reveal ... will probably lose interest before all the cards are laid on the table. What's really been withheld, in this dreary drag of a movie, is a reason to care.
Llosa's tableaus are also striking - there is a suggestion here that this is an impoverished, futuristic wasteland - but their back story is elusive to the point of meaninglessness.
A lovely, dull cheat that makes you work to solve puzzles that aren't worth solving.
Ambitious aesthetics aren't matched by Llosa's overly opaque approach; what's meant to seem artfully understated most often results in confusion over basic details.
No one will ever accuse 'Aloft' of drowning in bald expository dialogue, but if there's such a thing as being too obscure, "Aloft" is it.
There's no shying away from the fact that the New Age, twig-built mumbo-jumbo peddled here is no match from the otherworldly ancient belief systems of Peru that flow through Llosa's earlier works.
The film's worst quality is its underhanded attempt to convey a complex recounting of one family's ordeal while fudging all the pertinent details.
Aloft stirs nothing within you, not emotionally, not provocatively.
Aloft is a meditative, thoughtful film, that wants to glide like a hawk into the sky and inspire us to wonder, but its narrative has feet of clay that all the wispy winsomeness cannot conceal.

@highlight

Glacially paced and ineptly plotted, Aloft crushes the game efforts of a talented cast under a dreary viewing experience whose title proves sadly ironic.