Deep Sea allows us landlubbers a glimpse of a world few humans ever see. If you're as fascinated by undersea life as I am, Deep Sea is the show for you.
4 starsYou can just sink into "Deep Sea 3D," a lovely, lush experience that, believe it or not, blends the grandeur of the deep with the violence of nature and the sad state in which humans have left the oceans.
...an all-too-brief but fascinating look at some of our ocean's irreplaceable treasures.
No matter who's talking, the audience's attention will be on the images wrapping themselves around them.
The Halls have taken an artistic leap beyond their masterful Coral Reef Adventure (2003), stripping away much of the narrative thread and allowing the film to drift to and fro on currents of sheer beauty.
After being in something of a rut for a while, the IMAX 3-D format is back at the top of its game with this fascinating tour of the world's oceans and the bizarre, alien-looking life forms found there.
There is no downtime in the production. You'll spend every moment oohing and aahing at the delicate balance of nature in the gently swaying deep sea.
Even though this film does provide some conventional thrills, what's surprising is how intimate, and almost shiveringly sensitive, it makes the ocean seem
And so it goes, for a magical 40 minutes: underwater footage often startlingly beautiful, made more so by the immediacy of 3D.
Fancy a spot of scuba diving? Without getting wet? And in the company of Johnny Depp and Kate Winslet?
Forget haunted houses and the mountains of the moon: There's no better environment to show off the wonder of the immersive IMAX 3-D experience than the deep blue sea.
Deep Sea 3D really is a marvel of filmmaking.
One of the more solidly entertaining deep-sea documentaries filmed in IMAX.
If the typical IMAX offering has a handful of unforgettable shots, this one delivers about 50.
Deep Sea 3D doesn't go any deeper than the ocean floor . . . but that's pretty deep.
In sum: Many creatures are eaten, but this often-impressive movie left me hungry for more.
A vision of nature that even a strip miner would want to conserve.
Take the plunge. This is one instance where it's totally delightful to feel like you're swimming with sharks.
IMAX movies, especially in 3-D, are well suited to take you to another world... and what a world it is.
The 3D images are crisp and engrossing. Let the field trips begin!
When the photography is this gorgeous and the 3-D is this impressive, you can overlook the overly loose structure.
Clocking in at 39 minutes, which may be about all the eyes can handle, Deep Sea 3D transports exotic sea species literally to our noses.
The entire film envelops you in an incredible array of fascinating sea life. The effect is continuous and so successful that you'll find yourself holding your breath.
Deep Sea doesn't take any chances, doesn't tell you anything you don't know and doesn't do anything to allay my fear that IMAX movies are running out of stories to tell.
It submerges its specialized cameras into some of the coolest underground 'forests' and 'deserts,' uncovering a truly bizarre array of sea life.
Deep Sea 3D, like the excellent Sharks 3D, has a message about the importance of relationships under the sea and why humans should not upset the delicate balance of nature by depleting ocean species.
Hall has chased down a gasp-provoking array of sea creatures that are so extravagantly extraterrestrial, nothing Steven Spielberg could conjure in his special effects labs could remotely compete.
The movie has little new to offer to conservation.
About as a good as the Imax 3-D experience gets.
Deep Sea easily ends up one of the best times I've ever had inside an Imax theater.
Imax 3D underwater cinematography is so spectacular that it doesn't matter how well the films are assembled.
Kids will shriek with awe and delight, and grown-ups might join them as they duck the luminous moon jellyfish and shimmering glassy minnows that swim past them in a myriad profusion.
Director-lenser Howard Hall's return to the depths should have been more urgent than Into the Deep, but instead, it's more superficial.


@highlight

Viewers will welcome being whisked away to this magical world of exotic sea life.