If ever a documentary needed Michael Moore's ability to debunk the rich and powerful in his inimitable sardonic style, it's here.
It is a splenetic, satiric attack on the formidable PR forces, spurious thinktanks and talking heads being mobilised in the US to attack the idea of man-made global warming.
If you like being hectored, preached at and told you're wrong, then this is the film for you.
Craig Scott Rosebraugh delivers an informative if somewhat self-satisfied expose of climate change deniers, explaining exactly where they get their funding from and how they are determined to dupe the public despite the devastating consequences.
This film is an awful warning and awful fun at one and the same time.
A fiery doc that undermines itself with pub-bore polemics.
... thorough in its revelations, and thoroughly depressing on how the world has been thwarted in this important attempt to heal itself. The film is intent on putting on notice all the "guilty" parties that deny the dangers of climate change...
...tragically falters whenever director Craig Scott Rosebraugh inserts himself into the proceedings and allows his personal ax grinding to overtake journalistic impartiality.
The title says it all.
The well-intentioned film includes plenty of statistics and makes its stance clear, but the familiarity of the subject matter decreases its impact.
An entertaining expose of the industry-paid deniers and how they continue to muddle the climate-change "debate."
As much as it hopes to incite outrage and to stir a complacent body politic into action, [it] never quite rises to the level of urgency the subject requires.
Not the most eloquent "outrage doc."
Provocative, vital and enraging. It goes further than An Inconvenient Truth.
A blistering attack on politicians, propagandists, dissemblers and other climate-change deniers.
The film's effectiveness largely stems from the flat-out lameness of the opposition arguments, the lack of scientific credentials of those making them, and the self-interest of their corporate bosses.
Rosebraugh's arguments are sound and his heart is in the right place, but his execution is self-defeating.
Filmmaker Craig Scott Rosebraugh seems to take a kind of perverse glee in hauling out the worst offenders among what he calls the climate change deniers for public shaming.
What's next, "Big Oil Is Full of Meanies"?
The film makes its case well. The problem, though, is it seems a bit late.
Exposes why nothing much is being done about global warming and its toxic effects, and just which fossil fuel capitalists are profiting from that. Along with the power of propaganda in their bid to control the related national conversation.
It's no longer an inconvenient truth. It is a question of our survival being put at risk by a few wealthy people who are determined to get even wealthier.
The film's structural flaws appear to stem from the lack of access to oil industry titans and the other usual suspects. (To be fair, the filmmakers tried.)
Collated for momentum, the film's many interviews, wide-ranging archival footage and montage of modern ecological disasters form a blunt but carefully positioned instrument.
Craig Rosebraugh is clearly out to take no prisoners in his timely documentary tracking the politics, inconvenient truths and alternative "realities" of the endless global warming debate.
In Rosebraugh's uncompromising hands, it plays out like a strident screed for those already burning with righteous indignation.
This forceful documentary deals with the hot button issue of climate change in powerfully compelling fashion.
A grab bag of environmentally related talking points that never quite congeals into an argument, let alone a prescription.
Condensed and to the point, the film gets its message out and includes a three-step guide on how to get involved.
...has all the ammunition at hand but never goes for the kill.
What Craig Scott Rosebraugh's film lacks in originality, it makes up for in comprehensiveness.
[It] shines a harsh light on the lengths the energy industry continues to go to in order to head off climate-related legislation-and assure the public there's nothing wrong with continuing to rely on fossil fuels.
If "An Inconvenient Truth" had been made by Michael Moore, it'd look and sound like this.
Next time NY won't be so lucky. A really big storm might kill thousands and leave us under water for months. This film shows us what forces are operating to make that more likely and what must be done to overcome them--starting with the Kochs.
A serious, hard-hitting doc that eviscerates the know-nothings who claim that global warming, if it exists at all, has little to do with the activities of big corporations.

@highlight

It's not particularly subtle, but Greedy Lying Bastards is effective in questioning the motives of climate change deniers.