The performances make Gimme Shelter... well worth viewing despite a narrative hiccup or two.
A gritty, unvarnished portrait of the have-nots, Gimme Shelter with Vanessa Hudgens marks a distinct upgrade in the actress' profile.
Gimme Shelter is not a religious film per se, and it is probably not the greatest film you will see this year, but it might be the most important one.
Gimme Shelter is an example of a faith-based, pro-life film done right.
Gimme Shelter plays more like a Lifetime movie or after school special.
The film's complicating force and conflict undeniably real, its thrust is defeated by clichéd treatment and uninspired performances.
It's the kind of movie that touts itself as 'inspirational,' and it feels like a made-for-TV melodrama.
Vanessa Hudgens proves that she's a versatile, grown-up performer in 'Gimme Shelter,' an unsettling look at a pregnant teenager who seems to have nowhere to run.
There's a whole [other] film to be made [...]-one driven less by hysterics and villainous mother figures, and more by examples of how charity and compassion can turn dead ends into doorways-but Gimme Shelter doesn't seem to want to make it.
For all of its heavy-handed huffing and puffing, the low-budget drama doesn't have much meat to its message.
Abuse and teen pregnancy are themes in flawed family drama.
... a meatier role than Hudgens' chops can chew but she's constantly watchable, trying too hard to keep it real.
The result is awkward, hyped propaganda for faith-based initiatives and against abortion.
What remains is a poor man's Precious, with all the earlier film's go-for-broke melodrama but none of its weirdness or empathy for the impoverished.
An after-school special blown up on the big screen, it stridently aims to inspire you. More likely, it'll make you cringe.
Hudgens captures both the defiance and fear of a girl at this crossroads. Her performance elevates what's often a trite and heavy-handed script.
It's not the easiest film to watch, and if it wasn't based on a true story than much of the decision-making would be too infuriating to tolerate but Vanessa Hudgens in a breakthrough role based on real events was enough to get me.
I think I would've rather seen this depicted a 5-minute feature on a newscast than to stretch it out over a feature film.
Gimme Shelter plays like a particularly slick and somewhat natural version of a plainly average PAX TV after-school special about teen pregnancy.
Although the film has a strong pro-life message, it doesn't reduce Christian faith or social justice to just that one issue.
An affecting drama that shows us the resilience and courage of girls who have to learn very quickly to be the loving parents they never had.
Gimme Shelter feels like the final result of a C-grade director having watched Precious and deciding that he could do better.
The movie plays too much with extremes. The opening is needlessly sleazy. This leads to an ending that plays out needlessly schmaltzy and corny.
Overcome its obstacles in the simplest, most effective way of all, with classic melodramatic role-playing.
[Hudgens is] more shrill than gritty, and one takes pity on an actor trying very, very, very hard to prove that she can do more than smirk and/or wear bikinis.
The kind of film that outfits a potentially compelling story with politically convenient signposts - not understanding that sometimes, getting out of the way of a good tale is the best kind of polemical strategy.
It is the galvanizing force of Vanessa Hudgens who catapults Gimme Shelter above the heartbreaking level of soap opera with a lancing effect.
The film is hamstrung by its fidelity to real-life inspirational models.
It's a feature-length pamphlet.
Writer/director Ron Krauss gives this 'based on a true story' an Afterschool Special feel with vaguely unsettling Holy Roller overtones, a secret agenda delivered like cod liver oil.
A predictable story of redemption that happens awfully fast, to a girl who only seems to be in peril briefly - and has a rich dad to bail her out.
Given the figures on the relationship between teen motherhood and poverty, this movie seems woefully short on references to sex education, birth-control and family planning.
(Director Ron Krauss) offers simplistic resolutions to Apple's myriad problems, like a great and benevolent screenwriter god.
A happy-smiley Christian fairy tale disguised as a hard-hitting shard of social realism.
[Hudgens] stares out from underneath her black bangs with hostility and mistrust, and, with her chin tucked defensively to her chest, looks weirdly like James Cagney.
We're drawn in because Hudgens is so good at making this wild child real.
The script is often obvious, with all feelings laid out too cleanly, but both actresses still manage to create a jagged relationship based on their characters' codependence and shared traumas.
[C]omes across as more of a heavy-handed fundraising tool than a convincing narrative.
Writer/director Strauss embraces the spiritual elements of this story.
Hudgens' committed, passionate performance shines above everything else in writer/director Krauss' strained drama that addresses important issues such as pregnancy, abortion, self-esteem and love without actually delving into them.
It's a story you desperately want to like, and to write bluntly about its resounding failure feels more than a little cruel.
It's so determined to deliver its moral that it loses its grip on the reality of its characters.
"Gimme Shelter" doesn't trust the power of its own story - and the truth of its acting - to deliver the point.
On the Venn diagram where "Preachy Kirk Cameron-esque sermon movie" overlaps with "former child star looking to prove his/her dramatic chops," you'll find the overwrought and undercooked Gimme Shelter.
Over all this is further indication Hudgens is carving out an interesting, productive career path as a film actress.
Filled with very good intentions, very bad dialogue and a surprisingly affecting turn by its star Vanessa Hudgens.
Cogently written and powerfully acted, it's a story about an outcast pregnant teen desperately seeking to survive in a world from which she feels all hope has fled.
Plays like an after-school TV special. Shot after school. At the gym.
Vanessa Hudgens goes for grit and grime as runaway teen.
Gimme Shelter appears hijacked by the Christian right. Propaganda is a b**ch to act. And this misguided movie leaves Hudgens buried in it.
It is unlikely to convert the unconverted, in part because of its uneven performances, but mostly because it raises more questions than it answers.
"Gimme Shelter" strives to be a gritty drama about an abused teen struggling to find a better life. But it comes across more as a calculated vehicle for a former teen idol to find better roles.
Hudgens isn't a bad actress, but she isn't a natural in this role. A viewer is constantly aware of how hard she is working, which puts a wall between her and the audience.
Although it's superficially grungy, this true story isn't much more substantive than something that star Vanessa Hudgens might have made for the Disney Channel ...
From an artistic perspective, Ron Krauss' heavy-handed drama, Gimme Shelter, fails almost entirely.
Gimme Shelter suffers from an acute case of the fakes. The speeches sound like speeches, and not good ones.
Gimme Shelter is an attempt at something grand, and though it doesn't get halfway there, it covers some ground.
Intended dramatic grit lands more squarely in the realm of after-school special.
Well-intentioned but weirdly uninvolving account of one very important aspect of our contemporary urban blight.
Both better than its trailer suggested and not quite good enough to call good.
An exercise in very serious and meaningful young-adult drama, Gimme Shelter is so overloaded with simplistic good intentions that are matched with equally bland ambitions that it drowns under its own excesses.
It's too bad the picture isn't more layered and invested in the particulars of self-improvement, as 100 minutes of vague details and inert drama erase the lasting authority of this confused effort.
Based on a true story but nevertheless feels false.
We're asked to exhale, unclench and drop the politics to see Gimme Shelter as the story of one girl and not a prescription for a nation.
A couple of decent performances, a compassionate story given a simplistic treatment
Heavy-handed and clumsy, with some seriously terrible performances.
Like an Afterschool Special intended for the Eternal Word Network.
Hudgens' best work here is physical. She eats voraciously, like an animal, and exudes a mix of anger, sadness and deep discomfort. Her spoken lines are less effective, and that's partly due to a script often filled with cliches.
Writer-director Ron Krauss's Gimme Shelter is wretched long before its odious ulterior motives come to light.
A clunky movie that feels as if it's underwritten by the Catholic Church.
It's the sort of movie that would have starred Valerie Bertinelli or Kristy McNichol back in the 1980s, tricked out with PG-13 grittiness and religious wholesomeness.
Occasionally striking, often embarrassing.
the subject matter is best left to teen-oriented after school cable programming where it might influence its audience.

@highlight

In spite of its obvious good intentions -- and the compelling true story that inspired it -- the heavy-handed Gimme Shelter can't overcome its cliche-riddled script.