Like all of Murphy's recent films, there's also a sweet-if-predictable heart beating beneath the discount jokes.
If there's no limit to your love of fat jokes, this is the movie for you.
The laughs are broad (pardon the pun), obtuse, and unsubtle.
It's small consolation when you have to sit through such a miserably unfunny movie, but at least the bad ideas here are relatively original.
click for review
Most of the jokes concern obesity, which Murphy evidently believes to be ipso facto funny.
A life sucking comedy of highly dubious intent.
If you're not a die-hard Murphy fan, your enjoyment of Norbit will depend entirely on how funny you find fat suits and fart jokes. Worth missing.
Murphy has a deplorable joke concerning a lost policeman's whistle for which there is no excuse whatever - other than it's very funny.
... admirável que, com um passado já tão recheado de atrocidades cinematográficas, Eddie Murphy tenha conseguido, com Norbit, a proeza de realizar aquele que, sem dúvida, é o pior filme de sua já desastrosa carreira.
Stereotype-based comedy from Eddie Murphy in a variety of fat suits is just not enough to make a decent film.
Even if you go back decades, body fascism has rarely been so brazen, or so unfunny. Horrifying.
the humor is mean-spirited and the jokes rather puerile.
Three Eddie Murphys is three too many.
A one-dimensional bad news comedy.
Norbit is so bad, it has redefined my concept of Hell.
Why is everybody in such a tizzy over Norbit?
Stealing from Date Movie: now that is pathetic.
Murphy finally has nothing to prove in front of the camera, which makes his fondness for wearing extreme prosthetics to play multiple roles in a film bursting with cheap, obvious gags increasingly baffling.
It's offensively bad.
The filmmakers' big mistake in this painful, low-brow disaster, is their misguided belief that Murphy in make-up and a fat suit is automatically funny. They seem to have forgotten that a good script is mandatory.
A sweatier hell than the fat suit in which Murphy spends much of the movie. It's official - our children will die never knowing the sensation of laughing at Eddie Murphy.
Eddie Murphy steals more than a few ideas from Tyler Perry for his multi-character comedy that has Murphy playing an obese wench named Rasputia, to whom Norbit is married.
It's never a good thing when you're supposed to be cheering for the underdog, but in the back of your mind you can't help but think that he somewhat deserves to be getting all that sand kicked in his face.
When Martin Lawrence and Tyler Perry play gals with sky-high BMI, at least their characters offer -- and are shown -- a certain amount of love and respect.
Somewhere between a minstrel show and a lesser Jerry Lewis movie there's Norbit.
Murphy's phenomenal talent is still on display, but mainly as an example of how he's wasted it.
First, Martin Lawrence as Big Momma, then Tyler Perry as Madea, and now this? Enough already.
Nothing spells funny like someone in a fat suit -- unless, of course, it's someone in a fat suit suffering from flatulence. That's the ne plus ultra of comedy.
When it works, Norbit's honesty about its exaggerations makes for a more embraceable portrait of American culture than Dreamgirls.
Eddie portrays three of the leads including a sassy, oversexed, super-sized sister in an unmitigated disaster which makes characters with darker skin the butt of virtually every joke.
If nothing else, the movie proves that years of PG-rated kiddie stuff hasn't dulled Murphy's edge. He's just rusty, that's all.
We've laughed at actors wearing fat suits enough already and there's nothing new in 'Norbit.'
A film like Anchorman turns everyday scenarios upside down and then runs for a touchdown; here, the jokes stop short at basic perversion.
...it is another Eddie altogether, Eddie Griffin, that gives the film its few laughs.
A film that seems more like an act of revenge against womankind than an extra-broad comedy where the star dresses up in drag.
Murphy may be having the time of his life under all this drag, but that doesn't mean the audience is sharing the experience.
Norbit takes the idea behind The Nutty Professor 2 -- that Eddie Murphy can play just about every character in the movie -- and strips it of all charm and humor.
When it comes to spectacularly unfunny comedy, the supposedly very funny Eddie Murphy sure knows how to pick 'em.
This movie is just sad. So sad, in fact, I can almost guarantee that when word of mouth on this one starts to get around Murphy will end up losing the Best Supporting Actor Academy Award to either Alan Arkin or Djimon Hounsou.
If you're going to make a movie that basically centers around misogyny, racism, and making fun of fat people, why not go all the way and make it an adult R-rated comedy?
There's a growing - if still anecdotally rooted - consensus that Norbit could do serious damage to Eddie Murphy's Oscar chances.
There are so many problems with Norbit that when you try to pin one down, another one splooges out elsewhere.
Perhaps worried that he might be taken seriously following his knockout performance in Dreamgirls, Eddie Murphy churned out yet another script-deficient comedy along the lines of Dr. Doolittle and The Nutty Professor.
Think Big Momma's House blended with a particularly loathsome Jerry Lewis movie, and you've got the picture. Grimacing yet?
Norbit is as fleeting as a belch -- and even less funny.
Norbit is a tour de force in which Murphy plays three distinct characters, two of them to the hilt. In fact, the only thing that makes Norbit good rather than great is that the title character is a bit bland.
Norbit is not a thriller, action film or suspense story. Still, it achieves the assassination of comedy.
Perhaps a release at this time is meant to capitalize on Murphy's artistic comeback. Instead, Norbit serves as a feature-length reminder of why he needed a comeback.
Here's a new Oscar category: The Worst Movie Ever Released by Someone Currently Under Consideration for an Academy Award. The winner? Norbit.
Norbit is a return to form for Murphy; while it's not on a par with his best work, it's very funny and just risky enough to eradicate the memory of Daddy Day Care.
The question is not whether Murphy can do anything. He can. The question is why he would want to make a movie as squirmingly unfunny as Norbit.
If you're Eddie Murphy, and you want to win your Dreamgirls Oscar, you'd better hope voters cast their ballots before they see Norbit.
Eddie Murphy plays three roles in his latest Nutty Professor clone, titled Norbit. And Eddie Griffin still steals his movie from him.
In Norbit, Murphy is back playing multiple roles. But this time the magic isn't there.
Watching Norbit is like watching a train wreck with eye clamps on.
Norbit is another crude, sloppy paycheck job for an actor who doesn't need the money -- and who proved in Dreamgirls that he is capable of far better.
A quick paycheck may sound like a good idea when you're a creatively tapped comedian making trash like Daddy Day Care. But when you're a suddenly serious comeback kid aiming for an Oscar?
Although there's no denying the threadbare nature of the script, watching Murphy riff can be a formidable entertainment on its own.
The Nutty Professor was a comic tour de force; Norbit smells faintly of desperation.
I could deal better with mean-spiritedness if the film were better written and directed. But the picture's humor is hit and miss, with long unfunny passages and characters who really don't change much.
You wouldn't call this a recommendation, exactly, but the new Eddie Murphy movie is not nearly as horrible as it looks.
Murphy looks like he's in pain, and he probably is -- latex cellulite can't be fun to wear -- but his anguish is as much existential as physical, trapped inside a lumbering vehicle that offers a morbidly obese harpy as the main comic attraction.
Norbit is pretty much a bad-taste sinkhole, with Murphy competing against himself to see which of his three characters he can make more grating.
Eddie Murphy reteams with Nutty Professor makeup artist Rick Baker to show those whippersnappers Martin Lawrence and Tyler Perry how a black comedian in a fat-lady suit gets the job done. He half-succeeds.
Norbit may be the most disturbing, morally repugnant, nightmare-inducing film of the century so far.
After taking in double helpings of Tyler Perry and Martin Lawrence doing the same shtick in the Madea movies and Big Momma's House, isn't it time for us to just say no to Norbit?
This borderline-PG-13 comedy demands the sort of sociological scrutiny that often has the moviegoer looking for a fun night out rolling her eyes. And granting Norbit consideration feels like swinging a sledgehammer at a microbe.
Apparently all fat people are inherently evil.
Norbit briefly thrives on the power of Murphy's genius and then becomes mean-spirited and depressing.
The movie seems a weird nightmare of rampaging femininity and gross gags.
There is potential all over this film, but every scene is overwrought with unfunny caricatures and tired jokes. We've seen every gimmick and sight gag before, in better, funnier films.
This is all pretty ordinary Murphy movie stuff, which is to say it's kinda funny most of the time and very funny some of the time.
Dumb and coarse and sometimes boring and a little bit sad.
Eddie Murphy in another fat suit? What could possibly go wrong with that? Oh, plenty, let me tell you.
Eddie Murphy's finest example of multi-role playing is still his first, 1988's Coming to America. Compared to that comedic gem, Norbit is little more than excess weight.
Murphy may bring down the house in Dreamgirls, but -- despite its crudities and obvious failures -- Freud would find Norbit significantly more interesting.
From start to finish, Norbit is dismally unfunny, inspiring this Sign of the Apocalypse observation: Big Momma's House 2 was better.
If I thought hijacking a plane carrying prints of the film and crashing it into Murphy's house would put a stop to it, I'd go out and buy a box cutter right now.
...works on a basic level, but I left it very sad.
one long fat joke... a vanity showcase that exists for no reason except to put as much of its star as possible on the screen.
[Rasputia is] violent, vulgar, selfish, and lacking the subtlety of even a fairy tale orge or evil stepmother. The character undercuts the entire film.
It's not hard to detect this creature [Rasputia] as the object of something like pure hate by four male screenwriters. Comedy like this isn't pretty.
Too many of the gags in the sloppy comedy Norbit are lumbering and graceless, more fun to anticipate than to witness.
Norbit is worth checking out just to see Eddie Murphy do his thing. And fortunately that's enough to make it relatively easy to overlook all the other big problems with the film.
Norbit sets a new standard for the worst Hollywood can conceivably produce.
A few more movies like Norbit and Eddie Murphy won't have a fanbase to kick around anymore.
[I thought,] maybe this was going to be my guilty pleasure movie of 2007. Well, it didn't turn out that way at all.
If you survive the maddening Norbit without hurting yourself or those around you, consider it a triumph of self-restraint.
... a strange, toneless collection of fat jokes, fart jokes and foul sex gags.
Norbit has something to offend everyone... All you need is Isaiah Washington and Michael Richards in the movie spewing homophobic and racial slurs to make it complete.
If Norbit doesn't kill cinema, nothing will.
Norbit ends up a patchy oddity, but remains the closest Eddie Murphy has come to recapturing his mislaid sense of danger.
Maybe Eddie Murphy should have waited for the Oscar voting and counting to be complete before unleashing this one on the world.
Murphy has made plenty of bad films, but nothing as flat-footedly awful as Norbit.
Regrettably, Norbit is too cowardly, sophomoric and woefully tacky...[it's] lazy and disarming in its myopic presentation of a modern-day minstrel show.
There's a formula to these Murphy-in-makeup comedies, which Norbit closely follows.
Murphy may be at the top of his game, but Norbit is stuck on autopilot.
...only wants to be a laugh riot, yet it's so loaded with cultural self-loathing that I'm afraid a race riot would be a more proper response.
Surely some humanitarian organization will recognize the selflessness with which Murphy has taken three of the movie's major roles, thus saving two other actors from a nasty black mark on their résumés.
An uneven comedy about a milquetoast named Norbit who marries Rasputia, a woman so large she'd start a fire if she wore corduroy pants.
It probably isn't possible for a single movie to reverse all social progress made since the civil-rights era, but Norbit, the latest broadside from Eddie Murphy, does its best to turn back the clock.
Puerile comedy vehicle is a backward step for its star.
How this relentlessly crude film got a PG-13 rating instead of a deserved R is anyone's guess. Worse, it's also racially offensive and sexist.
What seemed an inventive and engaging stretch of Murphy's comedic resources 11 years ago has congealed into predictable, processed fare. The prefabricated naughtiness of Norbit is guaranteed to drag the laughs out of you whether you like it or not.
Murphy does well juggling three roles, but the movie (from a story co-written with his brother Charles) isn't worthy of his talents.
This gross comedy hardly seems like the best way to exploit Murphy's talents.
Eddie Murphy has taken his love for playing multiple roles, Jerry Lewis, crude humor, himself, and -- to be charitable -- his deeply conflicted feelings about women, and made a movie that is disgusting, unfunny, dull, and an appalling waste of talent.
Norbit isn't one of Murphy's best; it's a poor cousin to his other family comedies, and as Rasputia, whose catchphrase is a brassy "how you doin'?," he's surprisingly unfunny.
Murphy's work in Norbit makes his fine performance in Dreamgirls look like he was acting with a couple of hands tied behind his back.
Norbit demonstrates that even when working with low-grade material, Murphy can be a superb actor.
This dismal comedy joins a growing pile of Murphy disasters (The Haunted Mansion, Daddy Day Care, I Spy, The Adventures of Pluto Nash), which may have made his Oscar nomination for Dreamgirls a foregone conclusion -- if not now, when?
Hopefully the awards and acclaim Murphy has received for his work in Dreamgirls will inspire him to think twice from now on about puerile pictures like Norbit. The combination of the two speaks to his versatility, if not his pride.
It's an astonishingly crass and vulgar film, crudely directed on a cut-rate budget by Brian Robbins, never more than almost funny or less than disturbing.
Usually, it takes six or so months for an actor to parlay a Best Supporting Actor nomination into a cringe-worthy career-derailing performance in an unbelievably awful picture.
It's a thoughtless, cancerous, viral, irresponsible pollution whose existence speaks ill of the society that produced it and of any society that would endorse or defend it.
It's probably impossible to enforce a complete ban on the use of fat suits in Hollywood comedies, but certainly it's time for an extended moratorium on them.
When Eddie (hopefully) wins an Oscar anyway for his Dreamgirls turn later this month, he should take the opportunity to publicly apologize for this.
In Norbit, Eddie Murphy is like a xylophone player who keeps banging away on the same two discordant notes; unfortunately, those monotonous, off-key tones are the characters he's playing.
And while some of the laughs are certainly hilarious, they aren't as plentiful as necessary to make Norbit a consistently funny film.
It's too bad that the script doesn't serve Murphy's multi-character talents in the way he deserves. If and when it ever does, he may actually make a comedy for the ages.
Absolutely adorable. Murphy plays a big black woman who is not a victim of America's unrealistic ideal of beauty.
Eddie Murphy reaches into his comedic closet and pulls out a hysterical hit.


@highlight

Coming off his Oscar-nominated performance in Dreamgirls , the talented-but-inconsistent Eddie Murphy plays three roles in Norbit , a cruel, crass, stereotype-filled comedy that's more depressing than funny.