Not too much to cheer about in this lame movie.
A guilty pleasure and one I had a very good time with.
The image that best sums up this dismal comedy is Cedric the Entertainer cringing over a cell phone that's been hidden in a cow's rectum.
Anyone who's ever built a shrine to Tommy Lee Jones may enjoy this -- but it would take several troops of cheerleaders to muster up enthusiasm from anyone else.
This makes an even worse job of its premise than you might expect, leaving it to the usual sidekick, Cedric the Entertainer, to provide the occasional laugh as a convict-turned-holy man.
The highlights, or at least breaks from the tedium, come from Cedric The Entertainer.
Há duas ou três piadinhas que funcionam, mas Tommy Lee Jones parece deslocado e a direção aposta demais nos corpos - fabulosos, é verdade - de suas atrizes.
Yes, boys and girls, this is a comedy that, in the year 2005, thinks a montage set to Right Said Fred's greatest hit would be hysterical.
Man of the House is an amiable trifle that might be a guilty pleasure if it were better.
Essentially, then, the film is an excuse for Tommy Lee Jones to do his craggy hard man act in a house full of scantily-clad cheerleaders.
Overall the film is as static as its star's face which -- given the large amount of scantily-clad female flesh on display -- is really quite an achievement.
Small wonder this turkey, which required three screenwriters, has been sitting on the shelf for two years.
Goofy, good natured fun and, with all the dazzling bodies, can we really come away from it wanting more?
Fun, enjoyable, cute...made all the more endurable thanks to the obviously good-humoured Lee Jones
The few moments of sharp humour in this film just aren't quite enough to make it work.
Tommy Lee Jones the Concept is Firmly Established
Give me a "T" for terrible.
Flimsy, vapid, formulaic fish-out-of-water comedy
It all feels like something Troy McClure could star in.
Dull comedy.
None of the girls are demonstrably embarrassed to be in the film, which speaks to either their work ethic or their poor taste.
I venture that this is not what we really want from Tommy Lee Jones.
Note to movie producers: If a script contains a gag in which someone shoves his hand up a cow's *******, do us all a favor and just don't make the movie. Please.
it could have been worse. That's all I'm sayin'.
If nothing else, Man of the House permits older viewers to ogle younger actresses under the excuse that they're going to that new Tommy Lee Jones film.
This is a movie with a solid lead actor, appealing supporting actresses, a reasonably good idea -- but nothing else. These things don't just write themselves, you know.
This isn't so much a bad film as it is a dead one.
It's got a lot of small movies bouncing around inside it, but there's no big movie on the outside.
Even if the girls weren't exactly what you'd expect ... their misadventures are.
Though there isn't much to recommend Man of the House, there's really no reason to warn people off of it, either.
Mindless, vapid fare.
Straight-to- video-quality mess.
Herek keeps things moving and throws in some lively action sequences but keeps the emphasis on the amusing and affectionate relationships between Jones and the girls.
Though predictability runs all through this House, it works up a modest charm thanks to the emergence of likable, individualized characters.
A high concept that goes nowhere.
Jones basset hound looks are put to good use in making this comedy better than it should have been
If there's one thing Chuck Norris has taught us, Texas Rangers always take down the bad guy with a crazy roundhouse during a kick boxing match. O Walker, where art thou?
a mediocre little time-killer...a schizoid script that is two-thirds culture-clash comedy and one-third uninspired action flick.
All in all, Man of the House lives up (or is that down?) to the blandness of its title.
90 minutes with a few routine chase sequences but without a single laugh represents a poor way to spend a looooooong evening.
Snoozer of a movie.
It's frequently almost cute, almost funny, almost touching. Give it one cheer.
There was a time when you'd see Tommy Lee Jones and R. Lee Ermey in a movie and say, "Well, it can't be all bad." Those days are gone forever.
...a languishing farce...the welcoming cleavage of the strutting tasty tarts aren't enough to breathe life into this interminable Texas-style football fable
Sharp instructs the girls on the evils of term-paper plagiarism and the importance of dressing to cover their navels.
The movie is awesome only in its predictability.
Like watching a long episode of a bad TV sitcom.
Everything's bigger in the Lone Star State. Steaks. Football. And really, really bad movies.
Man of the House isn't offensive, but it's a waste of time, potential, and, well, cheerleader cinema.
[O]ne... wonder[s] exactly what Jones has done to believe his soul requires the scouring power of a Mel Gibson-style self-flagellation.
Not so much terrible as mediocre, a frail and obvious bit of fluff--sort of like a feature-length version of a one-season network sitcom.
There's little to cheer about in this disappointing action comedy.
It's not a perfect film, by far, but Jones' playful banter with his cheerleading charges remains light and just this side of predictable.
Sitcom-style trifle proves more than passably amusing.
Despite having a comeptent director, it's a slap-dash thing, with Cedric not really fitting into the main story.
Suppressing laughter when I first heard about this film may rank among the most difficult challenges I have ever faced in the line of duty. And I've interviewed Vincent Gallo.
A consistently unoriginal comedy that plays like an abandoned 97-minute sitcom pilot without the laugh track or hardly any laughs.
What was Tommy Lee Jones thinking?







@highlight

A high-concept movie that plays out like a mediocre TV sitcom.