DP Jay Hunter's camera floats like a butterfly through doorways and windows, stinging as it catches characters in moments of eavesdropping-inspired stunned epiphany.
The talk of power and politics aside, the movie plays like a days-long party with friends and colleagues trading quips and lobbing witty insults in verse and high-fallutin' Elizabethan stage English.
o what does the mighty Whedon do in his time off? He invites a couple of dozen friends over, and in less than a fortnight turns out the sleekest, smartest film adaptation of William Shakespeare I have ever seen. Get thee to a cinema.
It's the cinematic equivalent of a good piece of angel food cake. It might be mostly just sugar and air, but it tastes nice going down.
Fizzing with giddy energy, this is the freshest, finest Shakespeare movie version of the 21st century.
With Whedon's Much Ado, you don't feel like you're watching another Shakespeare adaptation, you feel like you're watching a movie. I mean that as high praise, by the way.
Loose, enjoyable, and sparkling, it's a movie that lives for the sound of clinking wine glasses and snappy patter.
It's a private party, for Whedon fans only.
This new adaptation of the Shakespearean play is very odd looking, like a modern film done on the cheap, in an ancient language, viewed on a 60-year-old television set.
The wine flows freely throughout the film, and likely, all through production too.
But it is the dark side of Much Ado-everything associated with the smearing of Hero's reputation and her lover Claudio's savage rejection of her-that emerges most forcefully here
More familiar than fresh, but no less amusing. Whedon uses Shakespeare to remind audiences that the problems that existed in the seventeenth century remain relevant and embedded in the human heart.
Joss Whedon's adaptation of Much Ado About Nothing is a highly-entertaining romp with an exceptional cast. Easily one of the best films of the year.
Has a wit and style you won't find in his kick-ass work for Buffy the Vampire Slayer, Firefly or The Avengers.
Much Ado About Nothing is a delightfully spirited romp, filled with visual splendor, strong performances and flashes of post-modern absurdity.
Framed in Whedon's lucid black and white it recalls the feisty romcoms of the Fifties, whilst scenes of subterfuge out on the streets at night employ the visual language of film noir.
The movie brings to life a high-toned summer dreamland ... that exists in a dimensional rift between the Renaissance, the era of My Man Godfrey and now.
The Elizabethan speech rarely totally flows, the modern setting jars and not all the actors convince. It's as slick as you'd expect, if not a little forgettable. A frothy passion project.
Super-charged with giddy enthusiasm, Whedon's ensemble brings Shakespeare to life in a riot of boozy passion and slapstick giggles.
Whedon's legendary talent for dense dialogue and wrangling sprawling casts of strong characters into engaging stories has never been put to better use.
A delightful celebration of Shakespeare's rapier wit...
It's a boozy, lusty, all-night party interpretation of Shakespeare that ultimately casts frivolity aside for a disarmingly moving finale.
A sublimely jolly presentation of a delightful play.
Though it's not terrible, neither is it terribly good.
Delivers ye old fashioned entertainment with a slick makeover
A self-contained, astutely executed project, with Whedon's old guard giving their all for the sheer joy of performance. Great fun.
The movie swings along, with a grace denied to some of Whedon's grander projects ...
The film's biggest problem is that its Beatrice, played with spunk and spark by Amy Acker, is far more engaging and enchanting than its Benedick.
The DIY quality is very much part of what makes it charming, and makes it possible to agree to overlook some of the dodgier missteps of acting or staging.
In setting and tone, Much Ado manages to smoothly present a contemporary vision of the play's original setting of wealth and ease -- this is how the better, effortlessly hipper, half lives.
Nothing revolutionary here, and one could make a pretty strong argument that this film exists so Whedon and his actors could have a weekend in a scenic cottage and get drunk together. But it's never self-indulgent. It's just here to have a good time.
Whedon adapts William Shakespeare's feather-light comedy into a bubbly cocktail party of a movie - and gives his stable of regular actors some of the Bard's meatiest dialogue on which to chew.
OK, Marvel fan boys. I reluctantly sat through 'The Avengers,' now it's your turn to reciprocate by seeing a more erudite offering from your sainted Joss Whedon.
It doesn't feel like you're watching Shakespeare, but like you're spying on personal moments between friends.
The magic holds. It holds from beginning to end.
I respected this version more than I necessarily enjoyed it.
If you are a Joss Whedon fan, you won't want to miss this! If you're a Shakespeare fan, you won't want to miss this! If you like good movies, you won't want to miss this! In other words, you won't want to miss this!
With so many cast members pulled from Whedon's various television series, it's hard not to view it as a weekend acting retreat for veterans of geek TV.
This fast and loose independent production is enjoyable as a home movie, but not much more.
As in many of Shakespeare's comedies, dark moments mark the dramatic action midway through Much Ado About Nothing. But Whedon brings the proceedings back to boisterous life in the last act.
Whedon and Cole have managed to accomplish a feat most filmmakers wouldn't even try --- and, in black and white.
Even if thou dost not much care for Will Shakespeare's style, methinks The Bard himself would approve mightily of this paean to his comedic work, "Much Ado About Nothing".
A delightful mix of the modern and the Elizabethan, a sort of do-it-yourself re-imagination of a true comic classic.
There's no fire, and where their lines should ricochet with wit, they just spill forth, affably.
The spotlight on the text poses a problem ... in that only a few of the actors are a match for the language.
Much Ado About Nothing is a small-scale but immensely satisfying treat, and one of the most infectiously enjoyable Shakespeare films in living memory.
A surprisingly clear-headed and faithful adaptation [with] a good deal of charm, effervescence and rollicking humor.
Whedon finds unexpected meaning in this famously saucy "skirmish of wit," the opposites-attract story upon which myriad modern-day rom-coms have sprung.
No matter what movie or television show he is making, Whedon is a master of wit, of clever wordplay that doesn't just entertain but crackles with knowing energy.
Though Whedon's trimmed the play down, to make it an appropriate movie length, he's kept the dialogue intact, and the pleasure the cast gets in saying the lines is palpable.
So, when can Whedon do the rest of the plays?
Much Ado About Nothing couldn't look more different than Branagh's traditional version, and yet its big-hearted spirit is equal to the task of celebrating a classic while highlighting the reasons to remake it.
Won't please every fan of the Bard (or "Buffy the Vampire Slayer"), but ... could inspire a debate as lively as the play itself.
The more literal-minded medium of movies doesn't quite mesh 21st-century trappings with 15th-century references and titles. But effective actors can render these surface inconsistencies invisible, and there's the rub: They don't quite do it here.
It's like watching a gang of talented people put on a show in a friend's back yard. Which it is, actually.
With its gently improvised tone and random slapstick, it's more of an intriguing idea than a successful film. And it only hints at the play's romance, humour and emotion.
Much Ado About Nothing is regarded as the Bard's most amusing play, thus keeping Whedon's lark entertaining even when it artistically amounts to nothing.
Finally! A romantic comedy that works.
This invigorated play is more Frank Capra than Kenneth Brannagh, and reminds me just how much 1930s screwball comedies were in debt to the Bard of Avon.
Whatever else happens in "Much Ado," we need to believe there's something between Beatrice and Benedick and, here, that something feels like nothing.
Whedon's work is fluid and fast-paced, with an obvious love for Shakespeare's intricate language - no surprise from a man famous for great dialogue.
Whedon adapted the screenplay, but his real contributions are his choices in staging and ensemble that bring a physical vigor to the 400-year-old words.
It's a smart, clever diversion in a season dominated by loud blockbusters and CGI extravaganzas. It makes one wish Whedon would get his friends together more often.
Amy Acker, Amy Acker, Amy Acker.
It's a stripped-down take on the Bard, ready-made for Whedon acolytes -- certainly interesting, but once you go Branagh, it's difficult to go back.
Their tongues tangled by declarations unbeknownst to them, much of the cast of Joss Whedon's Shakespeare adaptation struggles to suggest they connect to what they're saying.
Joss Whedon's take on Shakespeare's classic tale is swanky, sexy and sophisticated, as bracing as a dry martini poured from a silver shaker on a summer night.
The most interesting aspect of Much Ado about Nothing is that it illustrates Whedon's ability to make a movie that relies exclusively on performances and dialogue.
A simple charmer and refreshing change of pace during blockbuster season.
It's a pleasant, engaging version of probably the closest thing to a sitcom the Bard ever penned.
Though the results make for an interesting experiment and prove that Shakespeare is mesmerizing in almost any form, Whedon's work is a bagatelle not quite worthy of the Bard.
All the play's barbed retorts and quickly shifting allegiances move more like friendly, sarcastic game of badminton. Sometimes that fast-paced TV work ethic is just what you need.
...high art as a refreshing summer spritzer.
Streamlining the narrative and adding a bit of welcomed slapstick along the way, Whedon makes Much Ado About Nothing his own. He takes what some might see as tired and dated and finds the modern meaning within.
Very soon I warmed to the charm, intelligence and good humour, and ended up thinking the film something of a triumph.
If the movie sounds like a Hollywood gazillionaire's embarrassing vanity project, think again: filmed in lustrous black and white, Whedon's Much Ado is an elegant and intelligent, hugely entertaining modern-day version of the play.
This is a romantic comedy that truly lives up to the genre. Whedon uses his modern setting and its accoutrements as humorous grace notes to Shakespeare's bon mots, adding classicism by rendering his digitally shot feature in black and white.
The film gives us mature romance and acid youthfulness aligned-well worth sighing over.
Sure-footed, upscale, modern-dress adaptation.
Even in black and white, there is little contrast, no edge, no dagger of meaning, it's just a bunch of great actors getting all dressed up and putting on a show for those seeking romantic solace, and an earful of old words with a hint of wisdom.
A tad more ado would, come to think of it, have been greatly welcomed. This is merely M'eh Ado.
This new version of Shakespeare's romantic farce looks like it was shot on video in the filmmaker's house with his friends over the course of about two weeks, which is exactly the case.
It may not be as sun-kissed or as star-laden as Kenneth Branagh's 1993 version (set in Tuscany), but this particular home movie wins on ensemble acting and sheer charm.
The best romcom in town.
Whedon's Ado is a parlour version of the play, shot in black and white, with documentary intimacy.
Delightful and charming.
A short, sweet fondant fancy of a film that recognises when not to outstay its welcome.
I can't recommend it highly enough.
Rarely has wisdom been more joyous than in this supple contemporary version of William Shakespeare's seminal comedy.
Anyone giving the benefit of the doubt to the man who created Buffy The Vampire Slayer won't be disappointed.
Pure, unalloyed, rollicking cinematic joy. Brings the romantic comedy as a genre into a realm of fantasy and poetry and fun and laughter.
Putting Much Ado into this Martha Stewart/Brooks Brothers world of tasteful furnishings and subdued upper-middle class suburban stylings is weirdly cramped and claustrophobic.
Everyone acquits him or herself charmingly, and with a deep appreciation for why Shakespeare travels well, and in defiance of those who would dismiss him as dusty. The fact is, he's writing about us. It's as simple as that, and Whedon well knows it.
... too often feels like a calculated and ill-conceived exercise.
If movies be the food of love, play on.
Charming, emotionally engaging and frequently laugh-out-loud funny, thanks to inventive direction and terrific performances from Whedon's de facto repertory company.
Heaven on a screen.
Whedon's Much Ado About Nothing is a delight - agreeable, amusing and played with knowing charm.
Whedon goes for a kind of radical naturalism, an understated approach that suggests the characters could be your friends and neighbors.
A smart-mouthed, visually shrewd, entirely joyous film.
Whether you are a fully fledged Shakespeare scholar or an iambic pent-amateur, [this is a] film that concentrates first and foremost on keeping its audience entertained.
A breezy but heartfelt Shakespeare update that should put a smile on the faces of Whedon fans, Bard worshippers and anyone in the mood for a sharp, sassy romance.
Enjoyably amusing adaptation of William Shakespeare's screwball comedy, but Britain's Royal Shakespeare Company doesn't have to worry.
Almost everyone seems at ease in this feather-light production which eschews the Bardolatry that accompanies more declamatory Shakespeare movie versions.
a modest but beautifully constructed film that feels fresh despite its age, colourful despite its muted palette and grand despite its architecture.
It will require no conspiring to make you fall for this one; Whedon and Shakespeare are a perfect match.
The high-concept enterprise, which uses Shakespeare's original language, never justifies its existence.
Joss Whedon has taken what in lesser hands is an emotional trifle and turned it into an emotional powederkeg
These kids know the words, but not the music.
Much Ado About Nothing is a faithful, pleasant and enjoyable small-scale production of Shakespeare's tale. If you are in for the experiment, you'll likely be charmed.
This spirited rendition of the Bard's comedy of sexual misadventures manages to reach across the centuries by using a modern setting but never commenting on it.
It's a delight for Whedonites, but -- I'm sorry to say -- a rather mediocre production of Shakespeare.
I enjoyed Whedon's film both as a species of stunt and also as a legitimately entertaining entry in the voluminous Shakespeare adaptation sweepstakes.
Joss Whedon makes teen-friendly Shakespeare, with drinking.
This inept modern-day version of the classic Shakespearian comedy comes across as too contrived.
Fillion is the most lovable of big lugs (and possibly the first Shakespearean character ever to don shades).
It's a slight but smart, sweet but guiltless celebration. Kind of like what making it must have been for a director exhausted from months of wrangling a herd of superheroes.
Whedon hasn't created the best version of the tale, but he clearly understands what makes it tick.
After the initial shock of the language, the Renaissance diction sounds like what the irresistible young American actors have been speaking since day one.
This Much Ado About Nothing-while perhaps not an adaptation for the ages in every respect-is as bracingly effervescent as picnic champagne.
Joss Whedon's "Much Ado About Nothing" is both a palate cleanser for the director and a small but savory treat for Shakespeare-starved audiences.
It definitely possesses that Whedon-esque nerdy energy, fizzing with humor, eroticism, booze and more than a hint of danger.
The joyous spirit of the play has been preserved in this modest, homegrown production.
Whedon, without skimping on the tale's tragic undercurrents, has crafted an irresistible blend of mirth and malice.
A host of Whedon veterans puts on one of the funniest Shakespeare films in ages.
Call it a Shakespearean catharsis or just call it a lark -- either way, the movie represents Whedon's least essential work, regardless of the material's inherent comedic inspiration.
"Much Ado About Nothing" is an absolute delight, as merry as the day is long.
Joss Whedon's fresh and cheeky adaptation of "Much Ado About Nothing" is a minor miracle - the first filmed Shakespeare comedy in decades that's actually funny.
From its very first scenes, Mr. Whedon's film crackles with a busy, slightly wayward energy that recalls the classic romantic sparring of the studio era.
The performances are strong enough ... to almost completely compensate for the tossed-off nature of the movie, which basically amounts to a bunch of close friends getting together to stage a reading.
Moviegoers will likely have few better options this summer for a good romantic comedy.
A slick, postmodern "Much Ado" that delights so much it's very nearly as you like it.
The film isn't as fast and funny as it could be, although Nathan Fillion's easily offended constable injects some sorely needed comic relief. Still, give Whedon credit for trying to expose his Comic-Con fan base to a different kind of Hero.
Acker might as well be pitted against a body pillow, so shapeless and soft is Denisoff's presence.
The movie feels like too much of a lark.
With its interrogations of gender, feminism, and marriage, Shakespeare's comedy is an apt vehicle for Whedon's own storytelling agenda.
This is an intimate and giddy romantic comedy with only a hint of seriousness, one that is as elegant as it is fun.
While Acker successfully portrays a woman too smart and too strong to be shoved to the altar, Denisof never matches her fire. Without a Benedick that is up to her level, the inequity between the leads sinks the movie.
The film is nothing without the physicality of the performers, as Joss Whedon's script handles the transition of Shakespeare's language to modern day indifferently.
If you don't find yourself happily swept up by this slim yet immensely charming adaptation, maybe you're not the movie fanatic you thought you were.
[VIDEO ESSAY] Josh Whedon's sophomoric attempt at swimming in Kenneth Brannagh's waters of expertise - namely adapting Shakespeare plays to film - is akin to watching a wet cat lick itself dry.
Joss Whedon's minty-fresh adaptation turns his team of quick-witted TV actors on Shakespeare's most durable comedy and comes up a winner.
Bare bones, but sexy.
I'd be pressed to imagine a more sure-footed Much Ado. When Shakespeare's done right, you can't imagine him ever being done wrong. The clarity is blinding.
A joyous, utterly contemporary treatment of the Bard's 400-year old play. While the production's bare-bones budget shows at time, (the film) is clearly a labor of love on the part of all involved.
While you can sense the easy camaraderie and chemistry among the cast, the film doesn't coast on its homey goodwill. It's actually a very smart and disciplined adaptation of Shakespeare's play.
MUCH ADO ABOUT NOTHING is a triumph of charm and wit, going down so easily that we forget how astonishing it is that it actually exists.
As a modern version of Shakespeare goes Ado has a lot to recommend it and is worth seeing for Fillion's performance alone.
Much Ado About Nothing is a cute and stylish modern adaptation of Shakespeare's play, but it's largely unremarkable especially when compared to film versions that are already out there.
What's obvious here is that Joss Whedon is a great director, Shakespeare is a great writer and if you get a cast together that really clicks you're going to make a fun movie.
Whedon's inventive framing, delicate means of shifting focus and glowing, ethereal use of light make for a stylish and absolutely credible vision, of which much ado would be well-earned.
It's rather joyous to see a name director pursue a true passion project, and realise it with such simplicity, elegance and emotional directness.
A creative blend of contemporary wit and love with Shakespearian vernacular.
So many comedies are unable to have more than a handful of memorable moments, but Much Ado About Nothing has dozens.
A fresh and faithful take on The Bard.
Whedon and Shakespeare are truly a match made in heaven.
I actually got a lot more out of Whedon's Much Ado About Nothing than I did when my 9th grade English class went to see a production of the play.
Much Ado may be a bit of a B+ staple on the Shakespeare circuit, but Whedon - as well as improving student grades the world over - makes it feel second to none.
Simply put, Much Ado About Nothing is a masterpiece. A heartfelt, beautiful, affecting masterpiece.
A project this simple would be nowhere without the actors, and Whedon gets fine work out of just about everybody.

@highlight

Lighthearted to a fault, Much Ado About Nothing 's giddy energy and intimate charm make for an entertaining romantic comedy -- and a Shakespearean adaptation that's hard to resist.