You can't have a ridiculous premise like Monster Trucks and not take advantage of it.
While there is some knockabout fun to be had along the ridiculous truck-chase way, the inevitable environmental message really couldn't be more confused.
Monster Trucks is exactly the kind of movie that should cost studio brass their jobs.
Confronts us with the spectacle of a great many people trying very desperately to convince us what FUN we're having, but the seams show all over the place.
Is Monster Trucks good? Hell no. Is it bad? It is a disaster. And because it is a disaster, it's almost kind of fun to watch. Presuming you don't go out and pay for it and have to find a theater.
A cross between E.T. The extraterrestrial and Herbie and even Free Willy. But of course even the one with the little car and Lindsay Lohan is better than this movie. [Full review in Spanish]
Despite its multiple negatives, Monster Trucks boasts fantastic CGI effects for Creech, and this will aid its overall plot in earning a positive reception from its target market.
It does tend to lean towards the goofy side of things and it's not particularly memorable. But, hey, the kids will certainly get a kick out of it.
Somewhere at Paramount Animation, some bright spark must have noticed that boys like trucks and monsters.
The spectacle of a loveable leviathan pounding down the motorway inside a rust bucket -- the ultimate hybrid vehicle -- is one of the silliest things put on screen in a long time.
A film without a narrative sufficiently seductive leaving us with just an unidentified creature and a handsome guy who builds monster trucks. [Full review in Spanish]
A film for children between 4 and 12 without pretensions of intellectual stimulation or that want to fall in love with the characters. A movie isn't just about average visual effects and charismatic protagonists. [Full review in Spanish]
... a truck-driving fantasy with a sci-fi slant and a warm sense of humor... a cure-all for the too-serious cinematic blues.
Your little ones could do worse than seeing "Monster Trucks."
It's damn near miraculous how close Monster Trucks gets to reproducing the '90s aesthetic, and how enjoyable the ride is as a result.
At times, Monster Trucks faintly echoes E.T., but it has all the grace of a jacked-up Ford F-150 with a four-link suspension and tractor tires crushing a row of cars by steamrolling atop them.
Monster trucks with real monsters inside isn't the most complex concept, and nor are the exploits that result.
A luminous and fortunate film around the memory of eighties cinema. [Full review in Spanish]
Audiences could do (and have done) a lot worse than this genial throwback to a time when Kurt Russell was Disney's #1 living, breathing attraction.
These elements are all well and good, but if you're above the age of 12, it becomes considerably harder to reconcile the sporadic tone-deafness.
Monster Trucks is an OK kids movie that lacks most of the substance of the classic 1980s Amblin productions it tries to emulate.
Think "Pokemon" with wheels, "Fast and Furious" for kids, "Speed Racer" with a plot you can follow, and "Free Willy" for gearheads with a touch of "Scooby-Doo."
There is something to be said for seeing big stuff crush other big stuff, and I don't want to dismiss it as strictly a male pleasure. Women can enjoy destruction too.
Monster Trucks is a wreck, fueled by the crazy belief that noise and repetition can disguise the lack of credible writing, directing, acting and FX.
The secret to this movie is to accept it's all nonsense and enjoy the ride.
The story and characters are so bland and color-by-numbers that it's hard to care about this juvenile adventure romp
Monster Trucks is dumb, that goes without saying, but it isn't terrible, and as January victories go that's hardly insignificant.
Between the middling visual effects and the incoherent story, this oddity doesn't have enough adrenaline-fueled action to satisfy kiddos nor enough narrative logic to please adults.
CGI creatures have more personality than the humans. Characters and logic are sacrificed for images and gags.
Though generic in the extreme, Monster Trucks still boasts a charming throwback feel.
You're kidding, right? (Full Content Review for Parents - Violence, Scary Material, etc. - also Available)
Lots of action, thin story in boy-meets-creature adventure.
Mediocre acting and writing keep Monster Trucks in the so-so zone.
Director Chris Wedge makes the leap from animation to live action and gets surprisingly committed performances from his surprisingly recognizable ensemble, but any sense of real world logic and spatial integrity have been jettisoned.
Tripp redesigns his truck to optimize Creech's power, essentially turning the creature into a prisoner forced into labor for Tripp's convenience ... [T]his is something of an issue.
A film that makes good on its laughable, low-concept premise, one that relies on an out-of-fashion moral clarity that may actually benefit its presumed child viewer.
Unrepentantly absurd and unstoppably fun, Monster Trucks is exactly the kind of kids' movie I want to see from studios.
There isn't much for parents to do other than count how many times a particular brand of pickup product-places itself before our eyes.
Narratively, the story is dumbly predictable, but some choices made in its telling are fresh.
An eco-fable devoid of didactic overkill, delivered with energy, winking mischief, unobtrusive effects and a skilled cast.
Monster Trucks is a fun and enjoyable kids movie, with some legitimately funny comedic moments and enough lighthearted action to warrant its existence.
This clumsy little E.T. for the NASCAR set has seen its release repeatedly delayed for nearly two years, and it shows tell-tale signs of desperate tinkering.
A lot could be forgiven in Monster Trucks had Tripp and Creech established a convincing E.T./Elliot bond.
As a throwback to 90's children's fare, as well as a generally fun and kind-spirited time at the movies, it succeeds admirably.
Dumb? Hell yeah. Fun for kids and pre-teens? Hell yeah, again.
Wants to be "Transformers" but feels more like made-for-video kiddie fare. Tough going if you're older than 9.
Would have made a serviceable Saturday morning TV hour but can't get out of first gear as a feature flick.
Long after the novelty of the premise runs out of gas, it's sheer moviemaking craft that fuels this effects-driven action-family hybrid.
Deathly dull, scripted in Crayon, and strangely cast, hoping the central visual of a monster positioned as the engine of a truck is enough to forgive all moviemaking sins the production commits.
As these weird vanity projects go, it's not a terrible one: there's a chance that, many years hence, adults will look upon it fondly as a relic of their motor-obsessed youth; it just has nothing to offer for anyone with an age in the double digits.
This is a film that pushes its female characters to the sidelines as if they had cooties.
"Monster Trucks" feels less like an ordeal than a well-intentioned misfire made by intelligent people.
It never made me want to sink ever deeper in my seat with despair at every plot turn as some flat-out lemons do.
...more about commerce than art, but for parents wanting to find something to do with their kids on a wintry afternoon, it will do the trick.
Stuffing your digital star under a vehicle's hood and around its undercarriage is a tricky visual sell, and Wedge's team struggles to make it work, save for fleeting bits such as Creech scaling an alley.
Whatever else can be said about Monster Trucks, it offers a strikingly peculiar version of hokey Americana.
After a long gestation period, Monster Trucks has finally hatched. And the final result is... rather unspectacular.
Monster Trucks has neither the gloss nor the tongue-in-cheek sensibility of, say, the most recent Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles movie.
While Bay's Transformers movies are clearly the kind of rip-roaring event this movie tries and fails to be, Monster Trucks is actually more enjoyable because of its earnest attempt to salvage its plot.
It's certainly more entertaining than it has a right to be, but its milquetoast weirdness never goes full throttle.
All Monster Trucks is really good for is as an arresting audition tape to get Creech cast in the next Fast & Furious sequel.
"If all of this sounds as stupid as Snakes on a Plane, then the joke's on you, because Monster Trucks is actually great fun . . ."
Notoriously conceived by a studio executive's four-year-old son, this turgid January disaster is even dumber than it sounds and half as fun.
This movie plays like Herbie the Love Bug if the anthropomorphic car also had slimy tentacles, and there's a part of me that will always be ten years old who thinks that's pretty neat.
It was never going to be Citizen Kane.
Not as bad as it looks. A harmless, fast-paced kids flick.
The equivalent of a cinematic burp: gassy and inconsequential.
Monster Trucks is a weird, wacky ride that's made better by its sense of good-natured, juvenile fun (for the most part).
Better than you could have predicted given the title but squarely aimed at a young and undiscerning audience.
Although its characters have little development and an underused distribution, Monster Trucks is a light and entertaining film. [Full review in Spanish]
A film that abuses its ridiculous premise and never gives necessary time to delve into the motivations of its human characters who are overshadowed by the monster. [Full review in Spanish]
There's a reason this has sat on a shelf for two years.
The continual chase sequences are wildly amusing as they include quite a lot of gravity defying driving and wanton destruction.
What if 'monster trucks' actually meant - wait for it - that there were monsters in the trucks? From an idea by a four-year-old (really), and it shows.
Despite a perky pace and a serious eco message, Monster Trucks is far from fresh.
'Monster Trucks' is not bad, it's worse. This is the first awful movie of 2017. [Full review in Spanish]
It takes a special kind of cluelessness for a film to make the gas-guzzling monster the hero, but it's likely that the target audience - children under 12 - will be so befuddled by all the noise and action that they won't notice the inconsistencies.
One of the strangest and silliest films of 2016, and such a throwback to the live action Disney films of the 1970s you expect a young Kurt Russell or Herbie The Love Bug to join in.
Admittedly, it's a tough sell, but if you can get past that ridiculous premise then it's surprisingly entertaining.
Monster Trucks is a fist-pumping love-letter to oil-guzzling, engine-revving four-wheel drives.
In its own demolition derby-like way, the film has a certain outlandish charm. Its script, though, makes no sense whatsoever.
A tone-deaf mix of live action and computer-generated animation that never engagingly clicks into gear.
With low, low expectations in mind, the film is not utterly atrocious.
Transformers-lite for Finding Dory fans who can't wait to drive.
The movie is completely innocuous, passably enjoyable in fits and spurts, and clearly a giant mistake.
"Monster Trucks" feels like a throwback to the era of "a boy and his (magical) dog" movies - though these stories have significantly lost their charm since the industry switched from practical to digital effects.
It has tentacles and hot wheels, yes, but not the legs or bright ideas to sustain itself.

@highlight

Despite flashes of inspiration, the singularly high-concept Monster Trucks shows that it takes more than monsters and trucks to create a compelling feature film.