How are the mighty scattered, fallen and lost.
The rain still drips like tears in Wong's faintly lit alleyways, the paint in his narrow corridors continues to peel, the floral-print curtains in his '60s drawing rooms still billow in the breeze--but the colors have faded...
The chatter in the lobby, I predict, will be from people wondering how and when [Antonioni] flipped his lid... The film is a failure, no matter how grandiose its title or the names above it.
I guess one out of three ain't bad.
Three directors combine short films to form a triptych about love. The problem? The connections are tenuous at best. These are really three films marketed as sharing a theme.
Three is a crowd, and Wong and Soderbergh would have got along just fine without Antonioni there to wreck the marriage.
If there's a point to any of this, it's the supposedly therapeutic revelation that major female mystery lies in what you can discover by rifling through her purse.
Anthologies by their inherent nature tend to be highly uneven. And Eros proves no exception, with the individual sections ranging from the sublime to the ridiculous.
An excruciating festival of middlebrow good taste.
An intriguing but ultimately frustrating triptych.
All three short films were minor works.
Feels like an experiment that you'd be happy to catch during a film festival ... right before you nodded off for a solid 90-minute catnap.
Eros demeure une expérience réussie en son genre, même si aucun des cinéastes invités ne réussit réellement à repousser les limites de son propre cinéma
Three smart filmmakers produce three whiffs on the theme of love.
confoundingly horrendous
The auteurist feast turns out to be a paltry spread, with one director on autopilot, another playing it safe, and the last apparently working on assignment for the European Red Shoe Diaries.
A trio of films by Antonioni and two other directors dealing with the subject of sexual fantasy and obsession.
It is fairly melancholy news that the works of two of Antonioni's admirers outshine the master's segment.
No matter what caliber of talent is on board, omnibus anthology pictures are almost doomed to be uneven affairs.
Eros aims high. But aside from Wong Kar-Wai's effectively compressed erotic musings, it falls short.
At least the editor had the good sense to place Antonioni's film at the end, allowing you to walk out without having to see a cinematic great in pathetic decline
Eros comes nowhere near meeting the challenge of its title when compared to the increasingly lewd standards of our current cinema.
Three master filmmakers craft short films about desire that leave a lot to be desired.
Wong is unusually perceptive and eloquent about the arbitrary nature of romantic attachments and about the great joys or lasting aches that can come from the least gesture.
There's one good movie in here, sure. But unfortunately, it's over after the first 43 minutes.
A triptych only a film festival could love.
Three short movies with sexual themes by filmmakers of extraordinary interest.
Despite its title, "Eros" is decidedly unerotic. This triptych of shorts by three of the world's most interesting directors demonstrates again that anthology films don't work
It's really interesting stuff.
A worthwhile experience that will stick in the mind for a long time after the screening has ended.
Ironically, in the case of Antonioni's contribution, never has nudity been so gratuitous nor sex so boring.
This is an experiment by three of the great masters of cinema, proving yet again that geniuses can screw up from time to time.
After all, it was Antonioni who inspired Wong and Soderbergh to make this film in the first place.
A haunting collection of notes that can't -- and maybe shouldn't -- be tied together.
A collection of bagatelles that, with one exception, fails to live up to its promise.
Wong's bittersweet segment alone makes it worth watching.
The three films are watchable but resolutely minor works, though each has something to recommend it.
The gem is Wong Kar-wai's The Hand, one of his sultry, pensive sonatas of stylized nostalgia.
In comparison to the Kar-Wai and Soderbergh segments, The Dangerous Thread of Things is a languorous bore that provides an unsatisfying coda to Eros.
All the stories deal with sex, all three segments tend to photograph their leading actors unflatteringly and all three reveal prominent writer-directors at low ebb.
A flaccidly pretentious and snooze-inducing trilogy of allegedly racy tales.
When the producers of Eros... described what they wanted from Hong Kong director Wong Kar Wai, American Steven Soderbergh and Italian master Michelangelo Antonioni, they must have written the memo in Chinese.
Boiled down to their primary impressions, the Chinese story is tragic, the American one's neurotic and, after some emphatic arguments about love, the Italian one gets down to the business of buxom nude women jumping up and down.
A noble effort, but one that just doesn't add up.
There's nothing particularly erotic about this mixed bag of stories which never quite mesh.
I return to Wong Kar-Wai's 'The Hand.' It stays with me.
This dull and ludicrous vanity project is likely to come and go like the wind; firsthand knowledge of "Eros" won't even be useful at dinner parties.
Wong masterfully creates a sense of profound yearning--the screen seems saturated with unfulfilled and unrequited erotic longing.
The strongest segment is Wong Kar-wai's The Hand.
I'd say that this mixed bag is better toted home from a video store, but Wong Kar-Wai's just not as swoony on a picture tube...cineastes, proceed with caution.
Two out of these three short films misfire.
Arranged in order of descending success.
All texture and sublimated longing.
Eros is organized from least famous director to most famous, which coincidentally is also from best segment to worst.
A trilogy of short films by Wong Kar-Wai, Steven Soderbergh and Michelangelo Antonioni dealing, sometimes obliquely, sometimes more directly, with sex.
All in all, Eros is a mixed bag, and a mostly empty one.
Decidedly uneven ... generates less overall heat than the average late-night stewardess-in-trouble opus.
Becomes steadily worse as it goes along.
'The Hand' is worth the price of admission to Eros, but you may want to stick around for Steven Soderbergh's 'Equilibrium.'
Wong's is the sexiest, Soderbergh's the funniest, Antonioni's the most Italian.
Wong and his always moody, intense cinematography deliver in spades.
The venture's extreme unevenness will make it commercially viable mainly as a DVD curio.
This justly renowned trio combine for an ambitious original anthology of international sexual tales, and the results are variable, stimulating and quite different in tone and mood.
A maddeningly uneven triptych about the vagaries of sexual longing.
For the invited filmmaker, the opportunity to make a statement is surely a thrill, but for the viewer -- who can't pause indefinitely, as with a book, between stories -- the focus-shifting is a demand.
Antonioni fans should steer clear, lest their idolatry become disquieted.
Offers mostly wan eroticism.
An anthological example of attentive students surpassing their teacher.
Three takes on a theme spins a synthetic thread with which to tie together distinctive aesthetic dispositions, but does the package provide particular insight or revelation?

@highlight

Though Wong's short lives up to the promise of the title, Antonioni's is a serious disappointment.