. . .if you'd like no sound at all then enter Into Great Silence, a look inside the beautifully austere monastery of the Grande Chartreuse and simply rest your ears.
Despite his restrictions, Groning finds light and shade, contrasting the natural - more chaotic world - with the regimented life within the cloister.
Something to behold.
The Silence Before Bach: Illuminates a complexity of ideas, including the passive reflection prior to creative conception and organic to musical formulation and the space between sounds, that fascinate the filmmaker, both musically and cinematically.
By the final third of the documentary, we evolve to a state of envy - envious at their resolute commitment and their utter faith - and even the most cynical atheist might find himself convinced that if anyone will find God, it is these men.
I have never before experienced a greater example of utterly transcendent filmmaking.
[Director] Gröning creates a trance-like rhythm of visual and aural patterns, ranging from the repetition of duties and behaviors to biblical quotations.
Gröning shows us, instead of telling us, what this life entails. Through this organic approach, Into Great Silence allows the audience to experience, at least for a few hours, the same enviable sense of peace these men carry with them.
This Silence is truly golden.
The only place the camera doesn't go is the brewery. That's where the monks bottle their world famous Chartreuse liqueur, which sustains them financially.
This wondrously meditative documentary is an artistic portrait depicting solitude. The fact that there is no narration, no dialogue to speak of is remarkable in itself.
More visual meditation than documentary
This 2005 feature is demanding to say the least, but its pulse-slowing rhythms leave a real sense of peace.
A transcendental piece of filmmaking.
Makes you wish [director Groening] would have kept the film to about 90 or 100 minutes. A little time spent in the monastery is fine, but nearly three hours is an endurance test.
At once eerie, picaresque, evocative, and utterly alien to the reality most viewers inhabit, Into Great Silence is a daring and breathtakingly constructed documentary dream.
After an hour or so, you can appreciate Gröning's meditative pacing - but by the end of the second hour, contemplation may be overwhelmed by an itch for a good car chase.
A wonderfully quiet, serene portrait of Carthusian life edited to reflect the rhythm of the monastic regimen.
If you can slow your personal pace down sufficiently to spend 162 minutes with these monks, your life might be changed.
As a place to enter and meditate, Into Great Silence is imminently worthy, but as a documentary, it doesn't do enough to probe the meaning of the quotation Gröning returns to repeatedly: "Oh Lord, you have seduced me, and I was seduced."
Moving, impressionistic, and worth slowing down for.
On a philosophical level, Into Great Silence emphasizes the virtues of the ascetic life, returning again and again to the idea of giving away all possessions in order to become a true disciple.
At nearly three hours, this overlong and repetitive film is not for everyone, but patient viewers will find their time well-invested.
[Some] viewers are likely to consider this nearly three-hour, nearly soundless documentary as a chance to catch up on their sleep.
As we vicariously participate in their daily rituals, we find ourselves at the ground level of spiritual worship. It's hard to recall a similar documentary that brings viewers so palpably close to that sacred experience.
Watching Into Great Silence is like running a marathon or reading the dictionary: worthwhile, but you're glad to be done with it.
Into Great Silence is a film of great spiritual intensity and haunting minimalism that enlarges your concepts of movies and of life.
Have I got a movie for you. Into Great Silence is a two-hour-and-40-minute documentary about monks, and it is one of the transporting film experiences of this or any other year.
The silence captured in this documentary may be the most eloquent you'll ever hear.
Gröning's extraordinary new documentary... beautifully bucks the trend of so many recent documentaries.
A challenging but worth-it experience for more reasons than one can actually speak (or write) in words. It's a documentary to be watched over time, with a Carthusian level of contemplation.
Though it likely will not persuade people to join the ranks, experiencing life behind the walls has an undeniable effect. We've been allowed a glimpse of eternity. And who would not be changed by that?
Their silence is full to the brim with incidental sound that functions as both score and narration in this hyper-empathic film.
For two hours and 42 minutes, Into Great Silence offers painterly images of an existence that is, almost literally, too reverent for words.
The film's "great silence" is, like much of monastic life, an ascetic ideal to be pursued, but never attained.
An old, blind monk describes very simply the joy of giving oneself over to God. Gröning finds Him in his filmstock....
Groning then moved into the isolated, centuries-old monastery and for six months, minus crew or artificial light, recorded the monks' daily routine. The result is the seductive documentary Into Great Silence.
Exquisitely boring.
Into Great Silence is one of those films -- Martin Scorsese's Kundun is another example -- wherein the spiritual aspiration of the filmmaker informs, and even exalts, the film itself.
There are definitely moments of poetry and sweetness, and it is a notable achievement, years in the making.
The movie captures the feeling of silence, of timelessness, of contemplation, of spiritual discipline, of communion with God and the rejection of the material world.
It sounds more like an endurance test than entertainment, yet this one-of-a-kind experience proves surprisingly immersive.
It's not hard to appreciate the film's gentle pace, mesmerizing imagery and subtle but rich panoply of sounds, as well as its insights about the human drive to lose the trappings of the world and assume a godlier disposition.
A rapturous, absorbing experience -- it has no voice-over, no back story or history, no archival footage and no talking heads -- but only if you can surrender yourself to it.
A mesmerizing mood piece which steeps the viewer in the humbling stillness of monastic life, thereby inducing reflection upon one's own relation to God versus the trappings of technology and the rampant materialism of modern society.
[Director] Groning has made a startlingly beautiful, virtually silent three-hour documentary about monastic life that appeals primarily to the senses, and has really very little to do with religious experience.
The achievement of Into Great Silence is the way it captures the slow, delicate rhythm of the Carthusian monks.
Already easily ranks as one of the great cinematic documents of our time.
Navigates to a state of both enlivened permanence and vibrant grace.
Into Great Silence moves into the realm of humble observation. Gröning traces the passing of the seasons with beauty shots of God's creations, from snow drifts and rain puddles to flower petals and kitten whiskers.
A non-verbal contemplation of time in itself and of man's place in that dimension, 'Into Great Silence' is striking visually but a trial for viewers.
The film's pacing and its meditative, almost hypnotic quality are completely in fulfillment of [director] Gröning's intentions, not at all a failure to engage. Silence won't engage everyone, but it achieves its purpose.
Pure cinema at its purest and most exalted … a transcendent meditation on the human pursuit of meaning, on man as a religious and social creature; on the rhythm of work and prayer, day and night, winter and spring.
Simply put, the film goes on much too long. There's no real shaping of the story, no real structure to the documentary. What on paper sounds like it could be a fascinating prospect in execution turns out to be something of a snooze.
More than any film outside Bresson, this non-judgemental document allows us to feel the spirituality of the ecstatic privations guiding their journey. A Christmas gift of time and contemplation.
Charming documentary on monastic existence.
A sanctuary of silence, contemplation, respect and inquiry into a quickly vanishing tradition that helped build the world we live in. And it only requires 164 minutes -- hardly a lifetime.
Such a poetic essay on the slowed-down rhythms of life, that its quiet pleasures carry the viewer along at a pace commensurate with the monks' own unhurried sense of time.
Viewing Into Great Silence is meant to mimic the experience of living with the monks.
What seems to happen when you watch a movie in near total silence is that you become almost sensory-starved -- a meditative state by definition, I suppose.
Though there are dozens of images here that you might want as a computer-screen saver, Into Great Silence does not add up to a valuable or engrossing documentary.
An exquisite meditative journey inside a Carthusian monastery where silence is practiced as a way of honoring the mystery and the majesty of God.
A 162-minute journey into a cloistered world of ritualistic repetition, always with the promise of revelation and transcendence.


@highlight

A meditative, deliberately paced doc capable of absorbing patient viewers into a whole different world.