Steve Martin's script sneers at the vanity of fake LA girls and their plastic surgery. He is in no position to sneer.
For most women, finding a pair of black gloves on their doorstep would signal "Boston Strangler" rather than "man of my dreams!" and it is this sense of unintentional creepiness that asphyxiates Shopgirl.
A glum love story.
Meant to be bewitchingly graceful, instead comes off as half-asleep
I'm not entirely sure how it will play to a large audience, but it might have enough charm and wit, with a dash of complicated romance, to keep one entertained.
Hasn't the brightness of a romantic comedy nor the tristesse of melodrama.
Claire Danes has a gravitas and grace to her that hearkens back to starlets of the 1930s and '40s.
Rather than being a labeled a romantic comedy, Shopgirl is more of a coming-of-age drama
It's L.A. as it is today, brooding, at times thoughtful, frustrating, and populated by souls like and completely unlike Mirabelle Buttersfield.
Cutesy but never cute, syrupy but never sweet, sexual but never erotic.
The filmmakers put a good number of sweet, tender, appealing gestures into it...yet the movie comes off leaving one vaguely disappointed.
Desperta no espectador um sentimento de agradável melancolia, como aquele que experimentamos quando ouvimos uma melodia triste da qual gostamos muito.
This movie nails some of the truths about the L.A. dating scene that most other movies don't go near.
A horrible film bred from the isolation of a man at the top
Un film qui a tous les éléments à la bonne place et dans lequel Martin propose à nouveau un mélange élégant d'une formule qu'il connaît par c%u0153ur.
...More like a European film than Hollywood, but it's not a matter of transmitting on a frequency most Americans don't receive. It's a matter of information that's not there.
threatens to turn into the latest update of 'Pretty Woman' (but) an inescapable undercurrent of sadness flows through the movie and through its characters, which gives 'Shopgirl' a wistful, often downright bluesy tone.
Shopgirl is Steve Martin at his most philosophical. This romantic comedy is not like the usual Hollywood fare, but is an exploration of loneliness, isolation, expectations and reality. A bittersweet lovestory for thinkers.
The new movie, "Shopgirl," isn't nearly as slight as it sounds. It isn't a comedy, it isn't a "chick-flick," and it certainly isn't about shopping.
This is Claire Danes best performance since 'Romeo + Juliet.'
Watching [Dane], you think other actresses look half-alive at best. You even forget for a while that other actresses exist.
Shopgirl stands out as an elegant work, one that provides a welcome look at love, romance, and heartbreak without the encumbrances of the usual Hollywood folderol.
A slim, charming, romantic story, full of intentionally mild humor about strong themes -- passion, commitment, loneliness.
Where Elizabethtown pretends to have the meaning of life, Shopgirl hones in on a few telling details, then allows audiences to fill in the rest.
A minimalist almost-love story told with epic flourishes.
Martin tries to sell us the idea that he's at least the West Coast Woody Allen. Audiences would do well to keep their receipts.
The sheer charm of Ms. Danes' performance, combined with the convincingly resigned sadness of Mr. Martin and the intense sincerity of the singularly uncharismatic Mr. Schwartzman, make this a deeply bittersweet film experience.
Walks a fine line between pensive and frail as it attempts to comprehend expectations from love.
This is truly one of the best films of the year, do yourself a favour and see it today
Like many Hollywood movies, it confuses sex for love. Even so, after a terrible first half hour, the movie picks up and the remaining hour actually becomes entertaining.
I can't think of a reason to recommend Shopgirl to anyone.
An elegant distraction, Shopgirl does everything in its power to eliminate human connection.
It's probably not a good date movie, but it is a good relationship film. Read it, go see it.
The movie's flaws are made worthwhile by the things it gets right -- not to mention the fact that Shopgirl is one of the most beautifully shot films in recent memory.
Not as rich as the novella, but Martin still paints a lovely impression of LA and some of its inhabitants.
A lovely and refined meditation on modern romance rather than the Hollywood sitcom version, and all the better for it.
Very disappointing, and on so many counts
Yes, I know it looks like a romantic comedy. But this is a dramatic romance, not a comedy. It will not always make you laugh.
An interesting piece. Not the old silly Steve Martin, and not without faults, but nice in his new way.
Sad but whimsical, intelligent but still graceful.
Proves to have a little extra to offer the viewer before and after the end credits have rolled than any number of homogenized, cookie-cutter love stories released each year.
Starts on the surface and ends on the surface, with intriguing moments of depth in between. Claire Danes, however, is consistently wonderful.
An affecting story of three diverse souls drifting in and out of a romantic triangle.
You get the feeling Martin's not really committed to his movie about a man who won't commit. And he keeps us from committing, as well.
A deliberate excess of technique inflates what might have been a fascinating miniature into something slow and unwieldy.
Where the book was preciously and carefully crafted, the movie just feels precious.
It's a quiet, amusing, sad and hopeful film about the dissonance between age and youth, commitment and freedom, growth and stagnation.
It's not a lack of originality that makes Shopgirl too Saks for its own good; it's the attempt to make a distinctive item into a blue-light special that betrays it.
It seems a little disinterested and distracted, even aloof and a bit cold.
A movie of exceptional delicacy, so much so that Shopgirl comes close to turning its quietness into a virtue.
A faithful and engaging adaptation, adding Martin's skills as a screenwriter and actor to his fiction talents.
That fragile look Claire Danes almost always shows, the one where she's on the verge of tears from melancholy, for once meets a character worthy of wearing it.
In the performance of her career, Claire Danes is Shopgirl's center.
Shopgirl offers us only a performance by Claire Danes to redeem an otherwise cold and inert movie.
It is reassuring to watch the way [Danes] must go up to get down, to finally find her balance.
A glittery, empty package that doesn't make its mix of melancholy and emotional design particularly rewarding or meaningful.
This is easily the best role Danes has had since she broke out a decade ago on TV's My So-Called Life.
It's about high time that we get a mature, poignant commentary on relationships as they unfold in reality.
Shopgirl doesn't reach any cosmic conclusions. Nor is it intended to. But as an observation of recognizable emotions, it's a shining memento.
The story unrolls with ease, greased along by Martin's witty and heavy-hearted observations on life and love.
Shopgirl has a knack for showing people caught between their farthest-ranging dreams and the needs of the moment. And that's every one of us -- regardless of age, sex or the gloves we can afford.
Watching Shopgirl is like seeing a hushed, two-character chamber piece, but then this other jerk keeps popping up and making fart noises with his armpit. Bad form.
An elegant look at a triangular romance.
I remember noting when I read the book a few years ago how beautiful the language was. And now I'm just as struck by the loveliness of the film.
...like a romantic comedy on Prozac.
...as serious as a heart attack.
The spark of something great is there, but it never ignites into anything.
A flawed but captivating gem.
www.dictionary.com defines bland as: "not irritating or stimulating; having little or no distinctive flavor." This definition applies to Shopgirl.
In the end, this is a pretty good film that probably could have been better.
Gertrude Stein said it: 'There is no there there.'
Shopgirl's feathery plot is lifted by three sterling performances.
Another, more serious problem is that you feel that Mirabelle could do so much better than either Jeremy or Ray. This is also down to the fact that there's an uncomfortable lack of chemistry between [Danes] and either of the two male leads.
This is as good as it gets for Mirabelle? Choosing between these two and popping antidepressants is going to be the kick this burgeoning artist needs to get her life together and start chasing dreams?
A case of precise observation of nothing. It's like looking through a microscope at an empty slide.
An oddly dreary love story, seemingly taking place in slow-motion.
It's barely a comedy at all. It's more of a whimsical and melancholy love story, and the earnest, slightly self-pitying, expression of a comedian who wants to be taken seriously.
A film of wisdom, emotional subtlety and power.
Though Martin produced, wrote and plays the male lead, Claire Danes stars and really makes the film happen.
There's something aggrandizing or not entirely honest about Martin's alter ago, the big-bucks sophisticate who lives in the stratosphere.
Without realizing it, the film becomes an ode to middle-aged male lechery of a literate sort; it plays like Left Coast Woody Allen, and I don't mean that as a compliment.
Plays better on paper than on the big screen.
Cute, but largely unmemorable.
Shopgirl reveals a different, almost melancholy mood inside Steve Martin, and he seems ready to rip apart the conventions of a romantic feature film.
don't go to Shopgirl looking for a romantic comedy or fairy tale. Martin doesn't glamorize the lives and decisions of the characters.
The movie isn't downright bad, but it's disappointing and forgettable, failing to emulate Allen or anybody else worth a darn.
It's delicate stuff, and it's been brought to the screen with grace, humor and a mood that's wonderfully (here comes another of those film review words) bittersweet.
Danes, who does more with a wary or puzzled smile than most performers can do with an Oscar-baiting monologue, makes an uneven film worth seeing.
Danes' glowing performance is in every way the heart of this movie.
A tender and perceptive film.
Lovely, funny and adorable -- it's almost huggable.
Sparse but effective.
Claire Danes holds things together here when it feels like Steve Martin will unravel it.
As an anthropological study of the state of the male-female relationship in contemporary society, SHOPGIRL provides interesting fodder. As entertainment, it falls short
I liked Shopgirl a lot, mainly because its heart is in the right place and because it is so refreshingly unpretentious.
Steve Martin channels Woody Allen in this problematic, middle-class "Pygmalion" tale based on his own novella.
The Steve Martin character in particular is fascinating, because he is a gentleman, but he's also an S.O.B.
Ultimately "Shopgirl" is an attractive but empty package.
It's an appealing role for Danes. Not only does she get to wear shimmering vintage dresses and high heel shoes, she also drives a pick-up truck
But as the film provides Mirabelle with voiceovered attention, the omniscience seems at once stylish and trite.
almost celebrates the state of being lost and lonely. "Shopgirl" is a rainy day film, perfect for those occasional urges to drown oneself in melancholy.
Love may not fit like a glove, but this film is a wonderfully entertaining accessory.
Danes, who has seemed too artificially precocious in most of her work before this, delivers her most intelligent, genuinely grown-up performance to date.
There were some things I liked about Shopgirl, the film adaptation of Steve Martin's bestselling novella. I write those words with teeth firmly clenched, because it's basically a dreadful film that should never have been made.
The film's disingenuous air of bittersweet chic becomes deeply tiresome long before it's over.
Shopgirl is sadly vacuous, with a sadly vacuous center.
The May-December thing worked in Lost in Translation and it works here, thanks to the perceptive and gracefully romantic script that Martin has adapted from his novella.
Shopgirl is often funny and sometimes sad, and like its characters, it is mostly enchanting.
Danes' performance is a grace note in a movie that is otherwise misguided. The adaptation of Martin's bestselling novella lacks the flow and depth of its source material.
With its somber air, its plaintive score of strings and its meditations on loneliness, this love triangle starring Steve Martin, Claire Danes and Jason Schwartzman suggests Pretty Woman as remade by François Truffaut.
Cold-fishy ambivalence isn't the most compelling theme for a romantic comedy. Lost In Translation got away with it through pure quirk, but this one takes its deep thoughts on love far too seriously.
Shopgirl manages to capture the emotional truth of a relationship between two self-contained people who aren't particularly interesting, either on their own or together.
Martin is so flat and uninteresting in the role, you have to imagine charms that aren't apparent. There is no chemistry between the characters, because Martin brought no chemistry to the set.
Written, starring and co-produced by Martin, the film is directed by Anand Tucker (Hilary and Jackie) with the studied dreaminess of a perfume ad.
Shopgirl has a loveliness rare in modern Hollywood.
Schwartzman is so insufferable that he leaves the audience in high anxiety as it fears the next fingers-across-a-blackboard moment when he will appear again.
An oasis of old-fashioned charm in a modern world.
With this quirky yet poignant May-December romance, Martin is a triple threat: author of the novella, screenwriter and star.
A bittersweet relationship story presented in a glass case, with an accompanying music box, but it doesn't really earn this treatment.
Shopgirl gets the ultimate stigma: It's a smart, small film that's perfect for adults.
It's not really about anything, and the story is incredibly slight, but it's enchanting in the way a piano sonata can be
Like his silver-maned paramour, the film ultimately lets Mirabelle down and leaves the viewer dissatisfied.
A smart and mature romantic comedy that's funny at times and surprisingly touching...Claire Danes gives a luminous, deeply-felt performance.
Shopgirl is a wistful account of the yearlong love affair between a 50-year-old millionaire and a lonely, debt-saddled service sector serf in her 20s.
Shopgirl, written by Steve Martin, based on his slender novel of the same name, is an elegant and exquisitely tailored romantic comedy.
Whether intentionally or not, Martin has given us something truly spooky: A full-fledged portrait of a hollow man.
Wise and scrupulously honest.
It's a film filled with hope and yearning, love misdirected and truer feelings found.
A strange romantic drama in which the three main characters are all losers in love.
Martin and Danes both deliver nuanced, understated performances and have far greater chemistry than anyone might have guessed.
Shopgirl isn't romantic nor particularly funny, so it just falls flat.
In their way, Mirabelle and Ray are the deracinated West Coast equivalents of a Woody Allen couple -- she a lovely, somber thing who can't resist his erudition, he a proud snob who only thinks he's confessing his flaws with admirable honesty.
A wan, world-weary representation of anomie, loneliness, and low expectations, dressed up in the ill-fitting designer duds of the studio rom-com.
A smart, adult romance that rarely panders to clichés, and gives up the heady bliss of most such movies in favor of something bittersweet.
Steve Martin makes his personal dysfunctional romantic proclivities the subject of a brittle romantic comedy that affords painfully little romance or humor.
Second-rate Lost in Translation preciousness.
There's an epic quality that threatens to swamp this simple love story.... But it's still one of the most intelligent and satisfying romances
Shopgirl is essentially a story about how appearances aren't everything, but unfortunately, there's little to perceive beneath the surface.
A smartly reconstituted yet largely faithful adaptation of his precisely crafted novella about the mixed signals, misinterpretations and melancholy life lessons that define bittersweet romance.
Certainly has the goods but it ultimately fails to make the sale.
This bittersweet romance is intermittently poignant and well-acted, particularly by Claire Danes, but it can't decide whose story it's telling.
...an effective and faithful adaptation of the source material.
A step backwards for Steve Martin's writing career, but a big step forward for Claire Danes.
It just might inspire you to think a little bit differently the next time you see a 60-year-old guy holding hands with a 30-year-old cutie.
Lost in Translation on steroids









@highlight

Shopgirl is precariously slight, but it has some intriguing moments, and Danes is luminous.