I kept steepling my hands and hiding behind them.
Even ardent Hilary Duff fans will have a hard time swallowing this thoroughly dim-witted romantic comedy.
The intrigues are laboriously contrived, the film exudes disingenuous sentiments, and it has three happy endings -- one for Mum and one for each daughter.
Watching this unspeakably rubbish teen romcom is, to quote David Lodge's classic description of National Service, like a punishment for a crime you can't remember committing.
[Hilary Duff movies] never do solve their one nagging flaw: Duff's characters are remarkably self-possessed for teens but not enough to recognize the sitcoms they inhabit.
Another month, another anodyne tween-com from Hilary Duff.
It all drags on at a leaden pace, broken up occasionally by a musical montage.
The movie is a toxic buzz of sweetness that Duff's teen gal fans might lap up, while all others suffer through a prolonged sugar fit.
I can't see anyone really enjoying this.
Hollywood cranks out another prosaic teen-girl-romantic-comedy from its bottomless cultural vacuum in this Hilary Duff vehicle that no non-female person over the age of 12 should suffer through.
It's funny, poignant and the characters are appealing.
The premise is patently ridiculous, but the target audience of 12-year-old girls will be too charmed by the genre requisites to care.
The sparkling charm which Duff once evinced has largely faded with familiarity and too many indifferent projects.
The Perfect Man, starring Hilary Duff, isn't very good. The problem is how to critique it without taking the obvious cheap shots at its likable but over-exposed young star.
None of the leads convince or engage, and supporting characters are either gay stereotypes, routine little sisters or functional best friends.
Many scenes from the previews aren't in the film -- a telltale sign of desperate last-minute tampering.
The occasional one-liner is wasted amid a sea of clichés and preposterous situations in this Duff vehicle that forgot to put the romance in romantic comedy.
Keeping the ruse going involves gifts and notes of the "just missed you" variety.
With an emphasis on wacky misunderstandings and situations, the film has all the complexity of a sitcom (a thoroughly mediocre sitcom at that).
Excuse me, but who are these people?
Everything bad about teen chick flicks is encapsulated in The Perfect Man.
Disappointing romantic comedy that starts well but then takes a nosedive into cliché and sickly sweet sentimentality.
Disinterest gets stretched past disbelief.
One of those harmless teen romantic comedies that girls adore and everyone else suffers through.
This sorry vehicle for 'tweener star and Disney recording artist Hilary Duff hardly qualifies as a movie. It's bad TV.
A completely awful movie, from start to finish.
A film so awful and devoid of anything that could even loosely be described as entertaining that it makes me hope that Duff will move away from acting and concentrate on her musical career.
Yup, you're in Hilary Duff territory, folks, so hang onto your lip gloss and you'll enjoy the ride -- if you're 12.
In place of characters we can relate to, the movie delivers a witless, mechanical series of complications.
This silly, lame comedy is primarily a vehicle to promote Hilary Duff.
Sometimes a movie is so perfectly awful it deserves a perfectly shaped rating "Zero."
Duff's incessant and vapid cinematic output is actually making me nostalgic for Freddie Prinze Jr.
It's just another generic Hollywood teen romantic comedy that leaves no lingering trace once the end credits have finished rolling.
...a surface treatment of an intriguing premise.
Cinematically, it's like watching your lawn grow.
The movie drowns in stultifying dialogue, mediocre pop music and Locklear's dull-eyed mom-on-the-run.
I would say the filmmakers must be retarded, but even the mentally challenged know not to center a movie around the idea that Heather Locklear is having trouble finding a man.
The film is casually cruel in its treatment of its characters (particular Locklear's pathetic single woman, who craves a man like a junkie craves his next fix).
Simply vile, sometimes downright creepy, and it features for its leads two of the most selfish, self-centered, reprehensible and possibly unhinged characters imaginable.
Like a Nike commercial without a shot of the sneakers.
[The] situation is mined mostly for mild chuckles and tepid sentiment.
The Perfect Man has a plot that turns sweet and charming Hillary Duff into a serial liar. She's not just telling little fibs. She's engaging in a prolonged and kind of mean practical joke on her mother.
A horror in its utter lack of logic and in its demonstration that human relationships are as exciting and rewarding as a puddle of swamp goo infested with mosquitoes.
It has to be a fairy tale when Heather Locklear plays the mother of a seventeen year old.
The Perfect Man is a perfect example of how not to do a chick flick.
Quantum Leap meets Sex in the City.
Think about this: the film's premise is that Heather Locklear can't get a decent date.
Perfection never enters into director Mark Rosman's insipid comedy drama.
No, the movie is not terrible, it's just amazingly forgettable. The cause there can be traced directly to Gina Wenkos' remarkable tired screenplay and Mark Rosman's rather pedestrian direction.
This is unwatchable, WAAAAAAAAAAAAAA!!!!
A plodding romantic comedy without any life or sparkle to it.
Locklear survives the material, but only barely, and provides the real reason why anyone should view The Perfect Man.
Inherently mawkish, simplistic and exceedingly numbing, this movie is woefully incomplete-much like a stale Twinkie treat without the creamy filling inside.
I know you're not going to believe this, but love is the result!
Mostly the movie produces yawns when it's not producing awe that someone even bothered to make it.
This isn't exactly like Cyrano poetically faking for Christian, to impress Roxane in Cyrano de Bergerac, it's more like writer Gina Wendkos slumping in a stupor at her computer.
...oblivious to its own ickiness.
The film's execution is as bad as its conception. Scenes just lie there until the family does something hackneyed like erupt into song and dance in their living room.
It's sad to see engaging actors trying to breathe life into an idiotic movie, only to be thwarted by the script's dim machinations.
In the cautionary dystopian science-fiction parable The Perfect Man, we are offered a terrifying vision of a possible future: a world ruled by Hilary Duff.
This cream puff of a romantic comedy is sweet enough, but lack of substance makes it deeply unsatisfying.
Duff, while a sparkly screen presence, needs to break out of her saccharine rut and head for an indie script.
[It's] not a searing psychological thriller about a crazy mom and her sadistic daughter. It's a comedy of sorts, but without anything to laugh at.
It's too cute - similar experience to eating a jar of marshmallow cream - it might be good, but it eventually is going to leave a bad taste in your mouth and make you sick.
Inoffensive doesn't make movies. And unless she starts improving her projects soon, neither, soon, will Hilary Duff.
As an actress, Duff has failed to grow, except in acquisition of highlights, showing an emotional range running the gamut from pout to sulk.
It's shy about addressing anything that requires a moment's thought -- selfish irresponsible parents, selfishly bratty kids, lying, talking others into lying.
The story has a definite ick factor that detracts from even the small pleasures the movie might offer its teen audience.
[It] isn't funny or heartwarming or interesting on any level.
A tweener romantic comedy featuring dialogue so bad it could have been written by a 14-year-old girl.
...contains one of those flimsy storylines that would crumble instantly if any of its characters had a lick of common sense or social skill.
Silly, contrived and lightweight. It's also quite amusing, given its preposterous premise.
Despite a charismatic turn by Heather Locklear and comic relief from Carson Kressley, The Perfect Man is far from the perfect movie.
The Perfect Man isn't perfect, but it's not bad company for 100 minutes.
When Duff finally realizes that she actually has found the perfect man for her mom, the web of mischief and deceit she has created almost seems too thick to destroy. But The Perfect Man is the kind of movie in which such webs become cotton candy.
Add Heather Locklear to the list of strikingly beautiful actresses who somehow can't get a date on screen. That's the shaky premise of The Perfect Man.
As a vehicle for Heather Locklear, the movie is a tasty enough concoction. Unfortunately, however, her storyline has been sandwiched with a pretty gooey, unpleasant plot that prominently features Hilary Duff.
Duff has found a formula that works, on TV or on screen, as a loving, loyal and slightly confused high schooler.
If it's still something of a formula teen movie -- cute guy, kids fixing parents' lives, spunky sidekick, darling outfits, etc. -- it also touches on some issues outside the formula.
It's always heartening when a movie for teens addresses issues beyond the basic quandaries of finding a prom date or fighting off the mean girl cliques.
The movie's foolish fantasy comes awfully close to seeming nuts.
We all realize two things: Noth is way too good for this stuff, and blogs are totally over.
Duff comes across as so self-absorbed that her trademark perkiness bleeds into selfishness.
Probably the only reason the Department of Children's Services hasn't come after her is because they can't find her.
Whatever's perfect about this movie starts and ends in the middle of the title.
The bland blond leading the bland blond.
Duff's desperate, self-absorbed attempts to make her scheme work include setting off the water sprinklers in a crowded New York restaurant. It's supposed to be charming and amusing, but it feels irritating and dangerous.
Most of this movie is beyond lame.
The faux lover angle isn't exactly new but when a daughter is more or less trying to woo her mother, it's not original, just weirdly creepy if not a tad incestual.
We learned with You've Got Mail way back in 1998 that it's pretty boring to sit in a theater and watch people send and read e-mails.
Perfect? Hardly. But everyone's on the exact same feel-good page... and that counts for something.
An Imperfect Man. Maudlin love story about awful people.
The Perfect Man brings a new meaning to the word "cheese," but then again, what did you expect from the latest Hilary Duff flick. At least she doesn't sing in this one.
The Perfect Man takes its idiotic plot and uses it as the excuse for scenes of awesome stupidity.
The Perfect Man does have some amusing moments to offer thanks to a good supporting cast and a story that sets up some fun scenes.
Even though there are adults involved, this is just more fluff from Duff.
An audience has to buy that Locklear's character, Jean Hamilton, gets dumped by every guy she dates. And whenever this happens, she immediately moves her family to another part of the continent.
Is it possible for a movie to give you a stroke? Granted, I am not a Hilary Duff fan, but this movie is a great example why.
This is a monumentally bad film, the kind that only comes along once in, oh, I don't know... Three years? Five?
Dear Hilary... I can't see you or your movies anymore.
Even though the supporting cast is likable and the film hits all the beats of its formula, it's weak, as if everyone has been to the well one too many times.
So imperfect that it may qualify as one of the summer's worst movies.
If you tweaked the movie's giggly tone a little bit, you'd probably have a decent thriller about a maladjusted teen out to emotionally destroy her dim-bulb mother.
Take away the giggling, pop songs and pink scenery and you have a story as mean-spirited as The Sweet Smell of Success.
Seriously, the perfect man would call social services.
Ms. Duff projects so much appeal that she leaps over lapses in logic like Super Mario over lava pits. Ms. Locklear helps, too, showing vulnerability and a bit of tenderness.
The flimsy new Hilary Duff comedy toys with the notion of mother-daughter role reversal.
Repetitious teen-targeted fluff.
The movie doesn't even seem to know how disturbing, at its heart, its subject matter is, so that it can at least have fun with it.
Rosman and Wendkos run dry of ideas in the film's inert, overextended finale, when the 'Believe in yourself' speeches grow so thick that even the Duff-devoted may start rolling their eyes.
Dopey and predictable romantic comedy.
Even by the suspended-disbelief standards of fluff it is unnerving; it creates a movie world that has no idea of the boundaries being violated.
The characters' victories never seem hard-won, their losses never seem painful, and the happy ending is guaranteed.
Amidst the troubled waters are some bright spots that lift the picture above being a painful experience; as is, it is merely disposable.
Arrives at some thoughtful conclusions that are likely to strike chords with mothers and daughters.
The script sends one mixed message after another. What are we to feel about a woman who uses a parent-faculty meeting to place a public personals ad for herself as her child cringes, or who, well -- how else do you put this? -- seems pretty, um, easy.
Who would've thought...that the certifiably awful/unaccountably popular Hilary Duff was daring enough to make a movie about having a lesbian relationship with her mother?
No one but the staunchest of Duff fans should waste their time with this movie and even they will have to be fooling themselves if they claim to enjoy it.
You'll most likely want to throw up and call it a night after swallowing this big ball of cotton candy.
A movie this insipid somehow makes Herbie: Fully Loaded seem promising in comparison.
Couldn't the studio have done the decent thing and released it directly to slumber parties?
Boys get Batman and Luke Skywalker. Girls get Little Suzy Matchmaker. If I had to subsist on a steady diet of Hilary Duff and Amanda Bynes, I'd be looking into sex-change specialists.
Just outside my window is a famous bridge i'd sell you if you think there's a public high school in Brooklyn that's 98% white.
Trivializes dishonesty and deception. What writer Gena Wendkos is really saying is that "the perfect man" is one who is not present.
Every time Duff opens her mouth, she confirms that her natural home is in magazines.
Nobody's perfect.
Duff's character has problems too (she's tired of moving from city to city), but no actress this synthetically wholesome should engage in this much whining.
A cutesy-poo, happy-go-lucky little movie about horrible, irresponsible, selfish people.
There's really only one good scene in the film: When Holly attempts to disconnect her mother's phone, her sister Zoe rides her like a horse.

@highlight

Preposterous and predictable, The Perfect Man manages few laughs with its poorly paced sitcom script, cookie-cutter characters and contrived plotting.