If your kid loves this, your kid needs to read a book, or even, heck, play a video game. At least you can tell video game characters apart.
The Smurfs is a cute family film that suffers from being a little formulaic and uninspired, and the CGI smurfs don't look like the original characters.
Filmgoers who enjoyed the cartoon (or comic strips) as a kid will very likely be left with the taste of sour Smurfberries.
The kids might enjoy it, but The Smurfs is nothing but an annoying, noisy commercial for Sony products. Save for Hank Azaria's amusing take on Gargamel, the film is fatty junk food.
Peyo's much cherished creations do little to nothing for me, and I can't say spending a 102-minutes with them in a live action-computer animated hybrid was all that high on my personal to-do list.
...a cynical extension, not even an earnest spin-off.
The Smurf's is a cute film . . . if cute's your thing.
Once in awhile, a movie sets me searching for its origins. That's what 'The Smurfs' did. I guessed this movie wasn't quite what their creator had in mind - and I was right.
Call me Grouchy, but I say grown-ups should just say smurf it and avoid the film completely.
The film indulges in a level of product placement not seen since the glory days of Mac & Me.
full review at Movies for the Masses
The Smurfs isn't smurfing awesome, but it's also not a complete pile of smurf.
It is something of a relief that this energetic kids flick is partially better than it had any right to be.
The current incarnation of The Smurfs bears little resemblance to the classic cartoon, in a film likely to leave anyone other than hyperactive children feeling blue.
Takes the 80s favourite kids' cartoon and embellishes it with special effects, New York cliches and gutter humour so that the end result is a shiny but shallow copy of all that was great about the original TV series.
The Smurfs will likely be the best, most enjoyable kid film of 2011. And, yes, adults have been catered for. Dive in.
It's predictable kiddie fare and lags in the middle, but it's visually impressive, spirited and often fun.
A smurfection of blue cutedom, The Smurfs (in 2D and 3D) makes good the promise that feeling blue can be a happy thing
Everyone knows the Smurfs sing all day - and also that their song is repetitive and annoying.
Likely to enthral very small children only, The Smurfs starts with promise but peters out into something bland.
As the Smuppets take Manhattan, the script runs a blue streak of snappy self-marketing and sappy smurfimentalism. It's all so calculatingly self-smurmotional.
So sue me, I kind of enjoyed it.
Their CG-animated/live-action film debut finally answers the question weighing heavily on the mind of every fan: do Smurfs fart?
Not as smurfing bad as you might have thought.
Easily pleased children and fans of the Teletubbies will enjoy it.
Their journey is a struggle, even with the aid of their kind protectors. So was mine.
There's more than enough action to keep little ones entertained.
Recycles the fish-out-of-water plot of Alvin and the Chipmunks and doesn't have any original ideas about what to do with the tiny characters once they are at large among us.
The writers have created the painfully unfunny Daddy Day Camp, National Security and Norbit. So what do you expect? Entertainment?
Azaria hams it up beyond the call of duty: someone should sign him up for panto.
A mixture of live-action and animation, it's a competently made but routine adventure...
Better than you might think, but not spectacular either.
I felt like plunging a razor into my tensely exposed wrist from the very first minutes.
The Smurfs might be OK if it weren't for the annoying little blue people.
After a fairly promising start with a few chuckles, it fails to maintain the momentum, and by the drawn-out end audiences are likely to start fidgeting. Especially the adults.
In terms of hitting the Smurfs it was Smurfing for, it Smurfs plenty of them.
The attempts at humor are mostly divided between predictable fish-out-of-water jokes and uninspired physical comedy.
Charming and enjoyable, thanks to lively animation, a strong script, several good jokes and terrific performances from a superb cast.
To play The Smurfs Drinking Game you will need: Two 500cl bottles of Blue Bols (per player), one white sleeping cap, ample powder-blue face paint and too much spare time.
Join-the-dots, made-for-kids goofy blue magic that does nothing memorably new, but is guilty of putting a smile on your face, even after the Smurf-zing assault on the ears.
Rather than catering to the kids...the makers try in vain to produce something hip to appeal to all ages, or at least the parents who grew up with the cartoon.
The blend of animation and live-action isn't bad and the story moves at a reasonable crack that should just about keep the under-10s interested.
For those who claim that if I don't like a movie, they know it's good -- has Hollywood ever got a treat lined up here!
Although adults will find it barely entertaining (even with one rather inappropriate Marilyn Monroe allusion), children will love the little blue folks...
Absolutely grueling, like having the filmmakers smurf you with a smurfed smurf and twisting until your smurf is smurfing.
It's nostalgic and kid-friendly, despite an outrageous abundance of Sony product placements to catch the attention of accompanying adults.
Helmer Raja Gosnell has shown a mighty knack for soul-crushing drivel, including the Scooby-Doo movies and Big Momma's House, and he delivers the spastic, hollow and color-soaked experience you expected.
Truth be told, even I found myself laughing more than anticipated at some movie references ("Brokeback Mountain," "Midnight Cowboy" and "The Seven-Year Itch," among them), as well as the inspired silliness of Hank Azaria...
My Smurf name should be Smiley cause I was smiling all the way through this movie.
Kitschily clever and more heartwarming than many of the failed cinema-sized blowups of television cartoon characters, The Smurfs is an unexpected pleasure and a satisfying adaptation that's a lot of fun for the entire family.
Looking at the obnoxious TV ads for The Smurfs, it's easy to dismiss the film as a shrill, joyless exercise in special effects without substance. It's even easier after actually seeing it.
Keep repeating to yourself over and over: 'It gets Jonathan Winters a paycheck. It gets Jonathan Winters a paycheck.'
Director Raja Gosnell plays every lame joke as broadly as possible, allowing his cast - notably Azaria and Sofia Vergara (as Patrick's overbearing boss) - to overplay at every turn.
Gosnell directs as if every scene must be either a nauseating roller-coaster ride or a syrupy melodrama.
Not enough bright spots in disappointing adaptation.
Wearing a CBGB T-shirt, Neil Patrick Harris rocks out with Clumsy Smurf to 'Guitar Hero.' Historians may want to remember this sequence when they're trying to pinpoint the exact moment that rock and roll died.
The Smurfs is a big heaping pile of Smurf.
The Smurfs ends up being just below average, it won't give you nightmares, and small ones might dig it.
I can tell you the end result is pretty cute.
Diverting and weird, but harmless.
Na-na-na-na-na-blah.
"Look at that Smurfing hipster, in his Smurfing ironic mustache and Smurfing Peyo T-shirt."
I can't smurfin' believe I'm actually going to say this, but "The Smurfs" is not a cinematic travesty. Far from it, in fact.
The film doesn't quite hold the audience's interest for its entire running time. (Full Content Parental Review also available)
If you remember the characters fondly, this theatrical version will do little to enhance that memory.
I saw this one so you don't have to.
...a disappointingly erratic endeavor...
That two sequels have been announced is terrifying.
It's raw and mean-spirited, with too many of the Smurf word substitutions more naughty than nice ("Who Smurfed?" or "Where the Smurf are we?"). That's Smurfed up.
The Smurfs mostly takes place in a grown-up world of cosmetics advertising and expectant parents. Without a child character to interpret and join the action, it's a pretty dull way to introduce young viewers to the new blue crew.
Neil has to please Sofia with an ad campaign and come to terms with his inner ambivalence and anxiety over the prospect of impending fatherhood. This story will captivate children everywhere.
When pointless movies like this come out, I can't help but wonder what these talented artists could have been doing besides earning this paycheck.
I could say this until I'm blue in the face and you still wouldn't believe me: "The Smurfs" isn't half-bad.
Director Raja Gosnell also made "Scooby-Doo" and "Beverly Hills Chihuahua." At least for families, this is a bit smurfing better than those.
It is one of the signs of the apocalypse, so I must warn you ahead of time. The Smurfs are skateboarding and rapping in this movie.
The Smurfs is uncomfortably cheesy and predictable. Kids truly deserve better films than this! The only redeeming quality was the performance from Hank Azaria.
I wouldn't smurf Gosnell's 'The Smurfs' on my smurfiest enemy.
'The Smurfs" is a lot like the characters' theme song: sweet, repetitive and grating.
Kids are sure to find it smurf-errific, smurf-ilicious or just plain smurfy. Adults will happily settle for smurf-ectly inoffensive.
[A] relentlessly witless and cynical children's movie packed with potty jokes, product plugs and double-entendres along the lines of "What the Smurf?"
I will not go so far as to call The Smurfs subversive, but it is surprisingly sophisticated.
Won't be an awards contender anytime soon, but it is altogether sweetly smurfier than anyone could have predicted.
The film is raw and mean-spirited, with too many of the "Smurf" word substitutions more naughty than nice ("Who Smurfed?" "Where the Smurf are we?"). That's Smurfed up.
On a hot summer day, "The Smurfs" is a decent enough excuse to haul the little ones into an air-conditioned theater.
It's one of the smurfiest smurfing smurfs you will ever waste your smurfing money on.
"The Smurfs" has brains, heart and style, which will endear it to adults as well as young viewers.
It's a Smurfs movie. What did you expect?
There are a handful of genuinely sweet scenes in Smurfs promptly undone by adult actors and filmmakers, who must believe that the little blue troublemakers couldn't maintain a film on their own.
Even Neil Patrick Harris, who has proved he can save just about any sinking ship (see prime-time awards shows such as the Emmys or Tonys), cannot make this boat float.
Smurfs are the Barneys of the fantasy world.
An uneven, relatively gentle, rather sweet but only sporadically enjoyable family flick with slapstick the kiddies will find smurfing fun.
The good news is that there is no news in the land of Smurfdom. The cartoon creatures are still blue, three apples tall, cheerful as all get-out, and annoying as hell.
Like many adaptations, reboots, remakes and other youth-nostalgia dredgings, this is a film that transcends "good" or "bad," "like" or "don't like."
It turns out that getting Smurfed isn't all it's cracked up to be.
Hank Azaria gives his all...providing the film's only laughs as he becomes obsessed with emerging from steam rising from city grates for its 'mystery' effect, while Neil Patrick Harris finally proves he isn't good at everything he sets out to do.
A better movie than anyone could have possibly expected, thanks in large part to an honest effort by Harris in a thankless role.
When you have characters in your film questioning and laughing at the internal logic of your mythology, it's obvious that none of this is meant to matter.
In all, the worst parts of "The Smurfs'' can probably be summed up in two words: Smurf rap.
Adorable and annoying, patently unnecessary yet kinda sweet, it's a calculated commercial enterprise with little soul but an appreciable amount of heart.
Does for children's entertainment what lead paint does for children's toys.
...the adults who take [the kids] to see the movie won't feel too good about themselves, or their existences, or the state of life on the planet, as the lights go up.
What the smurf good is a Smurf, anyway? I mean, other than providing a made-up word like "smurf" that can sub for any smurfing thing you want to say... If this overuse of the word has gotten on your nerves, imagine reading for 85 more minutes.
Pop singer Katy Perry's Smurfette faces award questions about being a rare female smurf, and blurts out, "I kissed a Smurf and I liked it."
For all the digitally enhanced Smurfness, the results are remarkably mirthless.
eventually, and it's coming for all of us, you stop realizing that there's a fight to be joined.
The Smurfs contains such moments of sweetness and heart that it's all the more unfortunate that it's otherwise a numbingly ordinary kids' film.
Here comes The Smurfs movie to nail the coffin shut, to remind us that there's no bigger bitch in this life than nostalgia.
Smurf this smurf, and these smurfin' jokes.
"I hated this much less than I expected," complains Grouchy near the end. Cranky (this critic) disagrees.
Actual kids may find this fun, but for adults, watching The Smurfs may feel a little too much like trying to wrangle an overcrowded kiddie birthday party.
Why does the villain Gargamel have a name that sounds like a sore-throat product? Why are there countless male Smurfs and only one female? (The mind boggles.) Why do they only know one song, and why is it so irritating? So many questions.
The Smurfs may be blue, but their movie is decidedly green, recycling discarded bits from other celluloid Happy Meals like Alvin and the Chipmunks, Garfield, and Hop into something half animated, half live action, and all careful studio calculation.
I don't mind this sort of claptrap for kiddies if it's executed well and the filmmakers invite adults along for the journey. But there's nothing to recommend about The Smurfs. Every obvious joke is covered, every morsel of cuteness exploited.
One of worst movies of the summer: Lame, unoriginal, and not particularly funny.
[I]ncontinence -- as the result of either as-yet untrained bowels or a terrible adult affliction -- is presumed to be a major concern for the viewer here.
Its sole claim to fame may turn out to be as the most slyly foul-mouthed children's film yet made.


@highlight

The Smurfs assembles an undeniably talented cast of voice actors and live-action stars -- then crushes them beneath a blue mound of lowest-common-denominator kiddie fare.