A less successful picture, mostly because it's more concerned with its winking meta-textual framework than the larger humanistic concerns of his other work.
Violence may be served up in copious amounts, but McDonagh also creates characters who have no qualms going gently into that good night.
McDonagh might have had a minor classic in the tradition of Quentin Tarantino...But by the time the characters head to the desert to pitch a tent and contemplate new screenplay concepts, we've nearly forgotten what the movie is supposed to be about.
Although "Psychopaths" is an enjoyably confounding experience, some will be put off by its parade of esoteric ideas. But what a parade it is.
Seven Psychopaths may not add up to a whole lot, but McDonagh makes these small-time strivers and hoods fun to be around for a couple of hours.
There's never a moment in which "Seven Psychopaths" seems particularly original or inspired.
I'm not sure it all hangs together in the end, but McDonagh's grasping at something interesting.
A breezy, quotable, blood-soaked treat.
The film's unique script strangely succeeds in mashing together both intense violence and grand comedy.
It's a tossup over what's more prevalent: the laughs or the body count.
Martin McDonagh's Seven Psychopaths is a sharp piece of fun that both pokes at the current climate of filmmaking while also adding its own brand of humor to the mix.
Seven Psychopaths doesn't knuckle down and decide how to answer everything tossed out for consideration, but even when it feels like little more than intellectual, postmodern spitballing, it satisfies as an exercise in storytelling.
If it doesn't quite match In Bruges in terms of total success, it's still potent enough to indicate that McDonagh managed to dodge the dreaded sophomore slump.
Though it seems derivative at times, it's offbeat, it's violent, it's well written, and it's well acted.
The sense that the different elements don't really add up to much may well leave some feeling cold; for others, the sharp dialogue and comic beats will produce a similar fondness for the characters that In Bruges' best scenes did.
Another gleefully dark comedy thriller from In Bruges creator Martin McDonagh featuring gabby killers, scabrously funny dialogue and moments of shocking violence.
McDonagh achieves the tricky feat of balancing cleverness, carnage, and compassion.
...the moment to moment of the unparalleled craziness that experimental narrative, character dexterity and into the depths of McDonagh's necessary second album psychosis.
Mostly the ruthless black humour is sustained, and occasionally some genuine emotion can creep in and touch our hearts.
...an entertainingly erratic effort...
At times, the galloping absurdity drifts into off-the-peg comedy gangster cliché. But McDonagh's brilliant way with one-liners always claws back enough ground to stifle any groans.
Martin McDonagh gleefully plays with both the gang thriller genre and the moviemaking process with this enjoyably absurd action comedy. It's a little self-indulgent, acknowledging how difficult he found it to follow up his acclaimed film In Bruges.
There's not much point to a meta-film once the actual film has ceased to grip.
[A] black comedy loaded with some fabulous, all-American visual touches.
[B]ursting with equal parts exasperation, despair, cultural criticism, and black comedy...
McDonagh has enough ideas for six films, but with them all crammed into one, the effect of each is lost.
Too much is so clever-clever that it borders on the stupid.
It loses its way after a while but the performances are excellent and there's some jaunty dialogue.
Self-aware stupidity does not equal wit.
Christopher Walken has starred in over one hundred movies and whether he is playing a deer hunter or a dog-napper, has there ever been a better scene stealer?
Clever, ludic, perky, perspicacious - and ever so slightly tiring.
After a while the narrative falters, the ideas flag and it simply gets dull ...
McDonagh is undoubtedly a very clever man, but with Seven Psychopaths he is interested in nothing more than celebrating his own cleverness.
The performances are superb and the dialogue is often hilarious, but the script is both all over the place and not nearly as clever as it thinks it is.
A movie about making a movie that constantly reminds us we're watching a movie, with characters discussing what should happen in the "movie" movie that naturally winds up influencing the movie we're all watching. Kind of.
Hilarious, unwieldy, clever, snarky and snide it may be, but it's always entertaining.
You'll definitely enjoy this film if you like your humour black and bloody.
Worth a watch if only to see McDonagh bring his magic touch to the strange deserts of America - a weird and whacked-out journey from which nothing and no one can emerge as expected.
McDonagh is less saturated in film and pop culture than Tarantino and less prone than Kaufman to disappear down story wormholes.
If there's a certain thrill in watching bad guys getting their brains sprayed across a wall, it's surpassed by the intrigue of having a filmmaker reveal the inner workings of his own mind.
Walken is such a joy, I felt like instantly rewinding his every scene. But amazingly, he doesn't completely steal the show
Admittedly, there are longueurs, but when it's funny, it's hilarious; when it's tense, it's powerful; and most of the time, its demented brio is a joy to watch.
Enormously entertaining, endlessly quotable, perfectly cast and packed full of the richest acting you'll see from an ensemble cast all year, but the result is ever so slightly hollow.
Neither funny nor groundbreaking, resulting in a half-baked homage not a fully realized idea. But that may be enough for the target audience.
I just thought this movie was entirely too smug and self aware to invest myself in it. It was a bit tiresome. It seemed to be an exercise in cinematic onanism.
As enjoyable as this movie is, there are holes.
Despite a great cast, a great premise and some great ham acting - a must whenever Christopher Walken walks into frame - the movie's lack of focus keeps it from kicking out of second gear and into the kind of crazy groove it clearly strives for.
Seven Psychopaths is almost certainly not the movie you'll be expecting it to be, but as long as you stick with it, this is one of its greatest strengths, not a weakness.
Shamelessly rips off Tarantino and is overloaded with self-referential smarminess, but the ending's a cracker and there are some scene-stealing performances.
I think McDonagh is really cleaver. I mean he's taking on Hollywood and the screenplay; the conceit of writing a screenplay within a screenplay. He's having digs at the violence in films while indulging in the violence in films.
The film as a whole is fiercely funny; there are twists galore with some wonderful performances, especially from Rockwell and Walken whose scene-stealing skills are front and centre in this non-PC but thoroughly entertaining romp.
For all the darkly comic asides and witty conversations in McDonagh's script, the gag he clearly takes the most pleasure in is the ol' genre bait-and-switch. They come for the gangland violence; they stay for the story seminar.
You might like this film better if you think exploding heads is a funny bit.
The bloody tale of a blocked scriptwriter and a bunch of gangsters is fun to watch (mostly), yet the bold twists and turns of its playful narrative seem to serve no greater purpose other than its own cleverness.
It can't hope to match its predecessor for charm and accessibility. Where In Bruges felt droll and gentler in tone, Seven Psychopaths is unwieldy, ramshackle and gory.
It's a film you don't read about; you don't try to analyse; you don't ask what it's about; it's a film you go and you surrender your cinematic ass
While his first film, In Bruges was black, fresh and funny, Martin McDonagh's follow up comedy crime caper is less on the mark
I procrastinate because I care and because writing reviews of movies you love is hard. And I really loved Martin McDonagh's Seven Psychopaths.
Further evidence that dog owners are mentally ill people hiding in plain sight.
A more purely entertaining film you'd be hard pressed to find; Seven Psychopaths is best enjoyed as an unabashed hell-raiser that's also bloody funny.
A dark comedy that leaves the fun out of funny
When the film itself is jerking you around, the cast is carrying you through it.
The kind of messy, absurdist movie that can lift you out of a crappy mood-at least for a while.
One psychopath too many?
McDonagh manages to have it both ways
On paper, a movie I should love. In practice, like watching two grad students pee on each other for two hours.
For those who aren't averse to a bit of gallows humor, Seven Psychopaths is just original and morbid enough to be genuinely memorable.
If this sounds like a shaggy-shih-tzu story rather than a tightly plotted thriller, it is - and that's part of the joke.
[McDonagh] continues to mix crime and dark comedy, but this time he adds a layer of self-awareness, deconstructing both the writing process and the need for conflict (and/or violence) in writing.
Engagingly off-centre, like Charlie Kaufman taking down Quentin Tarantino, this sunbaked shaggy-dog story is a place-holder film for McDonagh, and often closer to chaos than it is to genius.
That it invokes unfavourable comparisons to Adaptation doesn't necessarily make Seven Psychopaths a failure, but you do find yourself wishing that McDonagh had the foresight to ruin his own movie with as much precision as Charlie Kaufman had.
If your cringe threshold is high enough, this is one of the funniest comedies of the year.
A movie that is one of the most aggressively self-reflexive and self-lacerating in modern memory.
One of the most gratifying, witty and intelligent films of the year.
Rockwell and Walken are at their best in this violent tale. What more could you possibly want?
I would pay to see this film again if only to hear Walken utter that pivotal "no" at the end of the film.
There's a lot going on here, but it all amounts to a really good time.
You could have Farrell, Rockwell, Walken and Harrelson sit around discussing municipal building codes and it would still be more entertaining than 60 percent of the movies that came out this year.
Irish playwright and filmmaker Martin McDonagh doesn't make movies; they're more like balancing acts.
In what could have been an over-the-top, one note performance Rockwell gives Billy a heart and, more importantly, a soul.
This is one of the best times I've had at the movies in years.
Seven Psychopaths isn't interested in complete narrative coherency, only with ridiculous flights of fancy and layering joke upon joke as McDonagh skewers the modern crime genre and just about every other action movie trope.
Watching 'Seven Psychopaths' is like having a surrealistic nightmare you can't help enjoying.
Ultimately, the experience of watching "Seven Psychopaths" is akin to watching a dog like Bonnie chase its tail: It's only funny until you realize that the running in circles isn't ever really going to stop.
Martin McDonagh does not let up on the shock/awe value. Nor does he back away from the humor, dark or otherwise.
Seven Psychopaths is seven times the fun of most movies.
All this narrative nesting and genre-skipping sounds very cerebral on the page, but in practice, Seven Psychopaths is as pleasurably kinetic as can be, full of double-crosses and gunplay and sun-kissed SoCal locations.
A smart script makes the film good, but near perfect delivery by some of our favorite unhinged actors make it great.
The script is episodic by nature as it blurs fantasy and reality, with some vignettes more amusing or compelling than others.
McDonagh accomplishes all of this in a way that'll remind you of other filmmakers (but mostly Quentin Tarantino, to reference one of his peers) without feeling copycattish.
Smart enough to work on multiple levels: as a witty salute to masculine '70s cinema...as a deconstruction of same...and as an existential consideration of the role of self-expression in ascribing meaning to life...
It doesn't add up to much. Thankfully, it knows how to deliver a good time along the way.
It's like a BOONDOCK SAINTS for people who have "good" taste in movies.
How do we suppress our need for moral and even physical justice if we believe that violence leads to damnation? Is there a chance to...oh, never mind. Let's just blow someone's brains out.
Doesn't quite hold together at the end, but it's quite audacious, and supremely entertaining throughout.
Each time it appears that McDonagh, who also directed, has written himself into a cul de sac, he off-roads the movie (sometimes literally) into fresh territory.
Uneven, but defiantly so, creating immense personality along the way, helping to absorb the randomness of the screenplay and his numerous tangents.
Yes, it's a lot to keep track of, but writer-director Martin McDonagh does so with deft humor as the film hurls toward a desert climax, foreshadowed in one of Billy and Marty's exchanges.
This is what Adaptation might've looked like had Charlie Kaufman been hired to pen a flippantly nihilistic wiseguy saga instead of an unfilmable ode to orchids.
This all-star cast -- coupled with the crisp and creative script -- makes Seven Psychopaths a film you would be crazy not to see.
...often sublimely hilarious, with Sam Rockwell and Christopher Walken doing their loony best to keep the ramshackle affair going.
So many characters require a deft, experienced hand at the helm and [Martin] McDonagh has not achieved that level of experience, yet.
Moviegoers who can handle philosophical musings accompanied by exploding heads will find that McDonagh has delivered another sharp and entertaining film.
It's about what you'd expect from the filmmaker whose first feature, In Bruges, featured a coke-addled dwarf pontificating about the impending race riots to a pair of Belgian hookers.
Seven Psychopaths isn't a great movie -- there are stretches where it has too much going on for its own good -- but it is an inspired, strange, and occasionally choke-on-your-popcorn funny ensemble piece.
For a film about nothing, 'Seven Psychopaths' is awfully entertaining.
The movie's meta-ness is a reliable source of laughs, but it's also somewhat exhausting.
Rockwell is impressive as the manic Billy, while Walken steals his scenes as he gives Hans a world-weary seriousness that keeps McDonagh's weird world nicely grounded.
With a truly original script, premise, and insightful structural deconstruction, Seven Psychopaths offers entertainment at its sharpest and most perceptive.
McDonagh is such a clever writer, his dialogue and directions sparkle with such amazing clarity, that you can't help but be impressed.
Nearly every conversation is just absurd though, but it's so absurd that it makes way too much sense. The phrase, "That's just crazy enough to work!" was meant for this film.
It's one of those offerings where only a few signature moments will maintain a place in your memory. (Full Content Review for Parents also available)
Farrell is perfectly cast as...us.
For about 75 minutes, Seven Psychopaths is a rollicking good movie - kinetic, clever, funny, and brutal. Then, inexplicably, it falls apart.
McDonagh sets real (and very different) moods for his stories-within-stories. The Los Angeles locations - apart from the obligatory Hollywood sign - seem fresh.
This flick never pretends to be anything but a bright hall of fun-house mirrors. And there, so gloriously distorted, gargoyles look right at home.
While "Seven Psychopaths" is indeed as crazy as it sounds, it's not nearly as smart as it thinks it is.
Too many of its moments of let's-subvert-the-genre seem to leave McDonagh stranded and flailing at just the moment when a Tarantino movie or a Chuck Palahniuk novel is snapping into place.
A toxic little bauble of Hollywood gestures, cliches and tropes.
...Walken manages to transcend the mean-spiritedness of the proceedings with a bright, typically idiosyncratic but wholly endearing performance.
...a violent, profane and hilariously dark comedy about gangsters and lowlifes mixing it up in California.
Suggestive of a blisteringly good-humored Quentin Tarantino (sans the uber gore), McDonagh possesses a rare talent for ushering black comedy to a bleak end, luring his audience into laughter all along its shootapalooza way.
"Seven Psychopaths" has to be counted as a disappointment.
[T]his is a film that revels in the act and art of storytelling.
Here is a motion picture that proudly bends genre conventions and follows a multilayered narrative not quite like any other viewers will have seen.
A collection of weird riffs that not even engaging acting by Colin Farrell, Sam Rockwell, Woody Harrelson, Christopher Walken and Tom Waits can bring together.
"Seven Psychopaths" is a vivid illusion of fun, but sane consumers can find similar sensations in the discount video bin eight days a week.
Best movie about writing a screenplay since Barton Fink.
As if all the odds and ends left over from a "typical" Tarantino project were swept up and dumped into one oafish crime yarn.
Meta to the max, filled with clever jokes and observations that stick like barbs and deflated ones that land with a thud, "Seven Psychopaths" is a leisurely riff about movies, violence, storytelling and the art of the steal.
What movie junkie out there wouldn't leap at the chance to see merry pranksters such as Christopher Walken, Sam Rockwell and Woody Harrelson go nuts in something called Seven Psychopaths? It's crazy-killer fun.
The violence wears you down. Like one of its nutso characters, "Seven Psychopaths" has a death wish.
Consistently surprising, "Seven Psychopaths" ultimately plays like a combination of Quentin Tarantino's self-aware, savvy ultraviolence and Charlie Kaufman's reflexive head trips.
There's something overtly mechanical about McDonagh's approach that keeps it all from being as outrageously fun as it's pretending to be. But it is enjoyable to watch the parade of actors McDonagh has assembled ...
Put a gun in the hands of Woody Harrelson and some glorious gab in the mouth of Christopher Walken - the most deadpan of deadpanning thespians - and it's impossible not to make something of this profanity-flying conflation.
Doesn't amount to much, but like tasty junk food it goes down easily, even if the nutrition is nil.
With its blend of low-rent gangster cool, high-body-count hipster violence, smart-mouth dialogue, inspired casting and a blissfully retro soundtrack...[this]might have been a groundbreaking film -- in 1992.
For a good hour, Seven Psychopaths is lively, bloody fun. Then the yawning starts.
'Seven Psychopaths" is many things, chief among them a long-overdue love letter to Christopher Walken and a crudely drawn ransom note from Sam Rockwell.
A movie that leaves you stumbling out of the theater in a state of giddy, elated vertigo.
Writer/director Martin McDonagh tries his hand at an "Adaptation"-like deconstruction...but while early goings are fun, the film never feels like it fits together properly and implodes under ideas run amok.
Movies about moviemaking can often feel lazy -- like rock songs about touring, or poetry about sitting in cafes -- but McDonagh is such an energetic filmmaker and fancy-footed writer that he nearly pulls it off.
Seven Psychopaths presents a clever if largely surface-level argument about cinema as art versus cinema as a delivery system for more immediate gratification.
The tug-of-war of a writer wrestling with his own worst instincts.
It's been a while since we've seen anyone attempt to riff on/rip off Quentin Tarantino, which is why Seven Psychopaths feels fresher than it might have, say, a decade ago or two.
I can't remember the last time I was so sorely disappointed by a writer I liked; the movie is undeniably entertaining but as hollow as a bullet wound.
In writer-director Martin McDonagh's hazy but fun meditation on friendship, the art of storytelling and masculine morality gone off the rails. If it's hard to keep 'em all straight without a scorecard, just go with it.
Seven Psychopaths is refreshingly unorthodox on the level of The Big Lebowski, mixing clever film-about-film elements with dialogue that McDonagh crafted with care.
Even if the snake winds up swallowing its own tail, it's a jolting spectacle you'll want to keep watching.
Tom Waits is in it, holding a rabbit. That's more adorable than you'd think.
McDonagh serves up gems of audaciously violent humor but never makes a bracelet. It'll play better on DVD where chapters and psychopaths can be selected according to taste (I'd suggest Nos. 1, 2, 5 and 7). In a theater intact, it's a bloody mess.
Martin McDonagh's energetic follow up to his wildly humorous and thoughtful 2008 film "In Bruges" is a self-reflexive study in post-post-modern cinema.
You're unlikely to be invested in the outcome of "Seven Psychopaths," but there's a lot of good, grisly fun to be had along the way.
All great films are both fairy tales and confessionals, and when the two collide, what's left beyond the crumple zone is magic.
It's an old-fashioned John Huston caper film extended to sulfurous comedy - from Beat the Devil to Meet the Devil.
Anything but the same old thing, anchored by a fantastically weird, energetic, Rockwell-y Sam Rockwell performance and several scenes of excellent, Tarantino-esque anxiety.
Martin McDonagh is bloody funny. And then bloodier - and funnier.
The really crazy thing about Seven Psychopaths is how much sense it makes, in a weird sort of way. And how much fun it has while doing so.
It comes off as a big inside joke. And not a very funny one at that.
McDonagh's characters may be awful, or simply lost, but they're all addicted to the art of the tall tale and the dark allure of the nightmarish bedtime story.
Doesn't leave much behind beyond a trail of blood, wit, and confusion, but it's something to see while it lasts.
Well, they have the title right. I don't know how these people found one another, but they certainly belong on the same list.
A delightfully nuts, compulsively watchable film.
After breaking apart the crime film, McDonagh puts it back together again for a conclusion worthy of the genre.
It's not about the character development so much in this film as it is the people and the crazy scenarios they get involved with. Mostly see it for the stand-out performances of Sam Rockwell and Christopher Walken.
This movie was that it felt like a comedian on stage who doesn't give a shit about the audience and if they're getting laughs when the audiences thinks they should. It's a refreshing attitude that I enjoyed but also at times left me a little cold.
Seven Psychopaths is about seven times more clever than most Hollywood comedies. And way more demented.
It takes actors of the caliber of Walken and Harrelson to bring the right mix of absurdity and humanity into the world of psychopathic crime. They were perfectly chosen for this film and their parts were perfectly executed.
Walken gives one of the most restrained, mysterious and thoroughly magnificent performances of his long career as the brokenhearted, cravat-wearing Hans.
McDonagh's latest is the craziest thing to come out of Hollywood this year -- in the best way possible.
If Seven Psychopaths smacks a bit showoff-y in places, it's only because Martin McDonagh has so much worth showing off.
To me, the movie is genuinely humor-resistant. Any cult it develops will be chewing gum and wearing Halloween costumes.
... delights in pulling the rug out from under the audience ... in such cerebrally and cinematically exciting ways ...
Simultaneously a sincere and sarcastic love letter to the magic of storytelling.
There's ... a uniquely affecting spiritual component to McDonagh's work, something he explores here via two sublimely ridiculous stories-within-the-story about a razor-wielding Quaker and a vengeful Vietnamese monk.
The movie in which Martin McDonagh the scabrous playwright and Martin McDonagh the high-end junk filmmaker at last craft a doozy both can brag about to their mates.
Seven Psychopaths is an alternately hilarious and horrifying comedy from the poison pen of Martin McDonagh.
Seven Psychopaths doesn't jell, but it's enough of a crowd-pleaser to make you worried about how pleased the crowd around you is.
A gangster bromance that plays out like Tarantino riffing on 'Adaptation'
The goriest Buddhist serial killer comedy I have ever seen.
An energetically demented psycho-killer comedy set in faux-noir L.A., Seven Psychopaths rollicks along to the unique narrative beat and language stylings of Anglo-Irish writer-director Martin McDonagh, channeling Quentin Tarantino.
Martin McDonagh takes a leap in the right direction with his second (after In Bruges) and better feature, showcasing Colin Farrell in one of his strongest performances in years
Smarter than Tarantino, cleverer than Carnahan -- literary minded and violent and wickedly funny.
Like 'In Bruges', much of the pleasure derived from the film comes from the interaction of the characters, but Christopher Walken's Hans unassumingly steals the film.
When all of its many parts do come together, it's as satisfying as anything else out there.
Uproariously funny, gleefully violent, delightfully meta and spectacularly original.
Too self-conscious about the laughs it's trying to get.
If you're a lover of quick dialogue and madcap situations, you'll likely feel this one came with a bow attached.
I wanted to love it, but Seven Psychopaths is merely a clever film chock full of wasted potential. It looks and acts a lot better than it actually is.
Wonderfully unconventional.
[An] exciting, hilarious blast of celluloid.
There's way more wit than weight in Martin McDonagh's second feature, but still much to enjoy.
There are some jokes in this movie that are so deeply embedded in character reveals that it's made for multiple viewings.
There's a soul to these nesting and rhyming stories of ruthless killers and what motivates them to pick up their guns and knives -- and in some cases, gas cans.
It's a terrifically clever film, and just a joy to see masters such as Rockwell and Walken dive off various acting cliffs.
The script's primary tension isn't between the characters at all, but rather in McDonagh's mind, as he arm-wrestles the split between shlock and sincerity in screenwriting.
A funny, dirty and very, very violent comedy that tilts at serious themes (as did In Bruges, but in a different way) and does so with a messy, irreverent, gung-ho energy.
The performances live up to the insanity of the screenplay.
Seven Psychopaths is a deliriously twisted tale that provides the perfect platform for Walken's deadpan delivery and Rockwell's gleeful loopiness.
It's less a love letter to the writing process than a satire of those obsessed with it. Even if McDonagh doesn't mean to imply that writing is a psychopathic behavior, the proof is in the gory pudding.
It's a mostly fun and entertaining romp through the lighter side of darkness -- or at least, dark comedy.
Martin McDonagh's Seven Psychopaths promises a bloody good time. It delivers.
'Seven Psychopaths' is the sort of comedy that will reward repeat viewings, dense with both verbal and visual humor, and smart about the way it deconstructs itself even as it plays.
There are scenes of complete brilliance, Walken is better than he's been in years, cute plot loops and grace notes.

@highlight

Seven Psychopaths delivers sly cinematic commentary while serving up a heaping helping of sharp dialogue and gleeful violence.