The young director, Ciro Guerra, working from the diaries of two real-life explorers, lures you in with visuals so verdant and dense, in black and white widescreen, that you can almost overlook the moral simplicity.
These are but reaching gestures from an artist who is willing yet unable to present to the world an original idea.
The general theme of the tragic loss of undervalued civilizations to Western progress may not be new, but Guerra's brilliantly visualized fable is wholly original.
The complexity of "Embrace of the Serpent" lies within the simplicity of its narrative.
The journey is definitely the destination in Embrace of the Serpent.
[Embrace of the Serpent] at least deserves a weighty, sprawling spot in our cultural imagination.
Embrace of the Serpent is simply poetic.
While the naturalistic storytelling and imagery is fantastic on a surface level, the finer points of the narrative require a fearless and deeply inquisitive traveller to fully appreciate, something which this reviewer cannot claim to be.
It's both a challenging and engulfing movie-going experience -- a true journey on multiple levels. And it's definitely one that should be seen on the big screen.
Mesmerising.
Embrace of the Serpent is a mystical movie missile from Colombia. It's ballistic, balletic, sometimes brilliant.
I suppose, then, that it's possible to characterize Embrace of the Serpent, which seems aimed at western audiences, as an instructive and necessary act of trespass.
A film that honours the mysteries and majesty of a lost world.
...a lament over lost culture.
Embrace of the Serpent is a very busy and smart film with a meditative slow burn that might haunt you.
Shot in Super 35mm black and white well-suited to its lapses into the hallucinatory, Serpent conveys a superbly lucid sense of the jungle's density.
It's a potent blend: a psychedelic post-colonial pilgrimage with shades of Glauber Rocha, Werner Herzog and Alejandro Jodorowsky.
Embrace of the Serpent is a breathtakingly gorgeous Oscar-nominated drama that caresses your eyes with its visuals as it bangs you over the head with its message.
Providing a voice to a group of people seldom seen on the big screen, Embrace of the Serpent is a must-see.
One of the most profound filmmaking experiences of my lifetime.
Shot in luminous black-and-white in the Colombian Amazon, Embrace of the Serpent looks like a series of animated photographs torn from the colonial explorers' journals that inspired it.
Visually and emotionally stunning.
It is surely one of the most beautiful films in a long time.
...a flawless masterpiece and essential viewing...
The many awards and accolades (including an Oscar nomination as Best Foreign Language Film) together with positive reviews quoted on the marketing materials for this film lifted my expectations - perhaps too high
Visually stunning, the raw beauty of the landscape is breathtaking, yet the narrative involving two scientists and their search 40 years apart fails to embrace as it should
There's something deliciously off-kilter about folding a story about the abuse and genocide of indigenous South American cultures into what amounts to a mismatched buddy comedy.
It's a beautiful, stirring, and thoughtful film, well worth seeing.
Colombian director Ciro Guerra conjures the mesmeric tones of Conrad and Herzog in this time-jumping fable about a shaman guiding two white explorers in search of a rare plant, 31 years apart.
Mercifully, Ciro Guerra's film is not another Heart of Darkness-style meditation on the so-called white man's burden.
While Guerra clearly owes a debt to Herzog and Coppola, he blazes his own trail. I can't wait to take this trip again.
Complex and thought-provoking.
I was utterly mesmerised, captivated and transported.
Young Colombian director Guerra's visionary and wildly ambitious film seems like a movie from another era.
David Gallego's opalescent monochrome cinematography is simply breathtaking and only enhances an utterly magnetic experience.
What a gripping and absorbing piece of work.
This is no heavy-handed tale of Western decadence versus pure indigenous wisdom, with Guerra constantly emphasising the ambiguous relationship between the two.
Every now and then, with great infrequency (alas), a film comes along that is like no other and completely knocks you for six, and that is Embrace of the Serpent.
Embrace of the Serpent swells with unhappy images, but it is also fired by poetry and, in Karamakate, it has one of cinema's great stubborn heroes.
Unique and intoxicating, an art movie that grips like a thriller.
An exquisitely rendered study of colonialism, memory and cultural erasure.
Majestic and thought-provoking, Embrace of the Serpent presents a vivid vision of a lost world, and is touching in its closing dedication to 'peoples whose song we will never know.'
Though inspired by real-life journals, Guerra's haunting and beautifully shot film transports us into the realm of the mystical and surreal.
A fascinating work, filled with unforgettable images and narrative daring.
It is gripping, challenging, engrossing stuff, beginning to end. Seriously, what a film.
...Embrace of the Serpent is meditative and interesting, and not a moment in the film feels unoriginal.
An essential difference between this and previous similar movies is that the central point of view is not that of a European or North American interloper but that of an occupant of the forest -- in this case, a feather-bedecked Amazonian shaman.
Karamakate worries the world will forget how to see and hear. This lucid, original and unsettling cinematic dream offers a way to remember.
It's appropriate that this black-and-white drama feels as hypnotic and surreal as a voyage into the Amazon rainforest.
The film moves into psychedelic and violent territory, creating a perspective that is equally unreal and unforgettable.
Embrace of the Serpent does a remarkable job of telling a multifaceted and compelling story.
"Embrace of the Serpent" takes a journey into the heart of darkness, but it takes a journey into the heart of light as well.
Rich and strange mystical film that is filled to the bursting point with dream images and bizarre characters.
What we learn about the evils of colonialism and the importance of chronicling one's past, whether European, American or indigenous, is transcendent.
Every time the film gets obvious in its anti-colonial perspective, it draws you in with its mesmerizing look and skin-crawly sound design.
Exotic and evocative, surreal in its primal eloquence and spirituality.
This cinematic journey into an Amazonian heart of darkness is a haunting and unforgettable experience.
The film isn't just a portrayal of the battle between the old and the new. It's a lament for the ways in which they reflect each other...
A strange, wonderfully exotic quest that examines the impact of rapid colonization and the obsessive thirst for knowledge.
The movie drifts back and forth between the two time periods, winding down the same river as though it were a twisting snake, getting closer and closer to its mouth, jaws and venom.
It plays like a dream, strange but in its own way logical, and utterly satisfying when you wake from its spell.
[Karamakate is] a frankly great character in a thoroughly gripping film.
This stunning historical drama, shot mainly in black and white across the Amazon region of Colombia, focuses on a shaman who's approached at different points by white men seeking medicinal substances.
Embrace of the Serpent is a clearly beautiful film, with images as poetic as its study of humanity's destructive impact on the earth and on each other
This smart, metaphor-loving drama puts its heart up on the silver screen.
For those who surrender to its atmosphere, and appreciate an unconventional cinematic experience, it's extraordinary.
Though some of the concepts may be New Age boilerplate, the film's images linger; especially that of the river, the snake devouring us all.
Like Joseph Conrad's "Heart of Darkness" (and the movie it inspired, "Apocalypse Now"), the drama examines the idea of progress and what it means to be civilized.
"Embrace of the Serpent" is film at its most ambitious and uncompromising.
Wholly original and brand new, director Ciro Guerra's "Embrace of the Serpent" immediately feels like some kind of lost classic, a movie that has been around for a long time but only talked about in film circles, finally unearthed.
Throughout, the fragility of the native cultures and of the rain-forest environment that is their home is underscored by Guerra in this fascinating, melancholy movie.
Guerra's remarkable film dives deep into seemingly infinite forests, and deep, too, into the soul of man.
An otherworldly innerworldly trip, a serenely strange vision of black-and-white iridescence... silken surfaces and sudden eruptions seduce the eye and ear in equal measure.
Through [Karamakate's] eyes we experience the world in a spiritual way in which man and nature are harmonious and time is fluid.
Ciro Guerra's stunning and elegiac Embrace of the Serpent is at once a quiet lament and a subtle blast of umbrage in equal measure in its poetic study of white men's impact on earth.
Embrace of the Serpent is ultimately too mysterious to win many fans.
Colombian filmmaker Ciro Guerra assumes the role of an ever-aware river guide, navigating us through the sweeping beauty of the Amazon while pointing to the toll on humanity and culture wrought by colonialism.
Embrace of the Serpent is an excellent handcrafted narrative about the Amazonian shaman Karamakate and his meeting with two scientists between 1909 and 1940.
The film combines amazing first hand descriptions by the explorers with a surreal story of unbounded greed.
Dizzyingly multi-chambered.
This movie is a two-hour trip you'll remember for years to come.
Bewtween spiritual, etnographic, and andventure cinema, this is a film that stands out in latinamerican cinema. [Full review in Spanish]
More intriguing in its ambitions than in it successes, which are limited, and oddly keeps its distance from the very people it wants to enlighten us about.
A beautiful meditation on memories and dreams, and an excoriating indictment on cultures lost.
Not nearly as great as Herzog's films, or as monumentally deranged as Coppola's, it nevertheless casts a spell of its own. It's one of those films that, at least for me, grows in the memory.
Embrace of the Serpent raises provocative questions about the depiction of native cultures onscreen and in Anthropological texts.
A new trip down an ancient river, with shades of "Apocalypse Now" and "Aguirre: Wrath of God." Mesmerizing and occasionally mind-altering.
The journey is, of course, more important than the destination, and both of Embrace of the Serpent's trips are worth taking.
Creating this kind of otherworldly mood takes exceptional talent, and this is a film worth experiencing.
A very present and multidimensional historic adventure. It can be seen from different perspectives. [Full review in Spanish]
I've never seen a movie quite like Embrace of the Serpent.
Embracing such concepts as the liquidity of time, Serpent honors the Amazonian world and culture, while condemning those that would harm it.
An extraordinary journey through the complexity of Latinamerican culture. [Full review in Spanish]
Mysterious, breathtaking, wondrous, lyrical, captivating and profound. Patient and intellectual audiences will be rewarded the most.
An elaborate film with a strong message, however, it's stylish tone doesn't let it come across clearly. [Full review in Spanish]
A dazzlingly elegaic reverie about the ravages of colonialism on Amazonian tribes ...
Plenty of movies have ensnared their white heroes in the green infinity of the Amazon, but Embrace digs so deep into the void that it eventually burrows out the other side, reclaiming the wilderness as a reservoir of lost memories.
If Embrace of the Serpent's revelations are a bit familiar, its approach makes them feel otherwise.
Embrace of the Serpent feels special because ... it recognizes that the two subjects are deeply intertwined, even as they sometimes appear at war.
Colombia's first ever nominee for a best foreign-language Oscar is also unlike anything you've seen before.
It's another in a long, honorable line of films that chart the poisonous effects of colonialism on indigenous populations and their ecosystems, but with an unusually invigorating perspective, like a reverse-angle Heart of Darkness.
Though its themes of colonialist exploitation are potent in their own right, the major draw of Embrace of the Serpent is its setting...
Guerra's reimagining of the lives of lost peoples is compelling, but, despite many languorous images of river and jungle, this remains a bookish examination of the themes.
A well constructed story in form and content, swing between adventure and introspection. [Full review in Spanish]
A strikingly photographed black-and-white epic that intertwines a passionate attack on the depredations of invasive capitalism with a potent adventure story about not one but two trips down that river into a Conradian heart of darkness.
The majesty of nature is Embrace of the Serpent's true star, and Guerra captures the glory of every leaf, every inch of sky, in pearlescent black-and-white as luminous as the lining of a clamshell.
It is bewitchingly strange, and as enveloping as the Amazon jungle.
This film conveys a haunting sense of the Western world having lost its compass. Wisdom is fleeting, it tells us. The Amazon is fragile. The rocks and plants speak to us too, if we're willing to listen.
A sudden lurch into trippy abstraction at the end simply doesn't work, but for the vast majority of the time this is a strong and original film.
Apocalypse wow.
An evocative journey through a changing world in search of a culture that's disappearing before the travellers' eyes.
...anger and sadness is shot all through Guerra's remarkable film, which functions as both elegy for a doomed culture and a lush and surreal epic of the spirit.
The mysteries keep piling up through the final frames, when black-and-white film can't contain the story any longer and it bursts with unworldly color. You won't want to wake up.
Embrace of the Serpent is the type of film we're always searching for, yet seems so obvious once we've found it.
A cross-cultural masterpiece set in the Amazon.
Ciro Guerra's excesses in arthouse symmetry tend to arrive in the service of a just and angry correctivism.
Intelligent and sensitive and assembled with a great care, and worth watching just for its images of the jungle ...
"Embrace of the Serpent," a fantastical mixture of myth and historical reality, shatters lingering illusions of first-world culture as more advanced than any other, except technologically.
Guerra's film is not a recovery of that vanished past but something bolder: a re-imagining of it. [Full review in Spanish]
Whenever the movie teeters on the edge of poetic madness-like when Manduca voices his belief that Theo represents the redemption of the white colonials-Guerra's commitment to thesis is there to pull it back into the literalism.
While its strange rhythms may not be for everyone, it does provide something unusual in today's movies: a truly original experience for the mind and the soul.
Embrace of the Serpent is a legitimate stunner, a river-trip that will mesmerize and jack with you, leaving you not quite certain, at its end, how to go about the rest of your day.
Movies about exotic travel tend to reduce locals to unknowable Others. 'Embrace of the Serpent' doesn't want to do that.
An ambitious film that stands out from the rest of latinamerican cinema because of it's themes and production values. [Full review in Spanish]
A fictional story about the loss of culture and how history is there to help us avoid repeating the same mistakes. [Full review in Spanish]
I saw [the film] twice - something I rarely do - and was mesmerized and haunted by it both times.
A slap to the face of Wester culture for letting traditions like the ones in the Amazon being destroyed. [Full review in Spanish]
The sharp, spare dialogue captures the meeting of penetrating minds with differing world views.
A stylishly-made but tediously pedantic lecture on the evils of European imperialism.
Two minutes over two hours, 'Embrace of the Serpent' drags in places, but the total effect is powerful.
Although the finale definitely walks a fine line between psychedelic theory of everything and ham-handed New Age trip, it's an all-around visual feast that's well worth the trek.
A stunning visual and a culturally informative film.
Ciro Guerra's third film wraps itself all around you with otherworldly danger.
A visually mesmerizing exploration of man, nature and the destructive powers of colonialism.
The sublime and the insane make engaging traveling companions in Embrace Of The Serpent.
It's an absorbing, even thrilling head trip.
The ravages of colonialism cast a dark pall over the stunning South American landscape in Embrace of the Serpent, the latest visual astonishment from the gifted Colombian writer-director Ciro Guerra.

@highlight

As rich visually as it is thematically, Embrace of the Serpent offers a feast of the senses for film fans seeking a dose of bracing originality.