Despite being hindered by production values that aren't on par with the on-screen talent, What's Your Number? isn't completely without merit; though with a premise like this, it may have worked better as a sitcom instead of a rushed film.
A secret genius at work in the stupidity.
By trying to remain romantic comedy audience-friendly, it just purees the whole thing into a stew no one would want to eat.
What's Your Number? isn't necessary as a romantic comedy should be. It goes for the cheap way out at every turn and uses Faris as a punching bag for acquiring jokes.
Too similar to, and inferior to, "Bridesmaids"
While Faris is her usual, lovably offbeat self, she ultimately fights a losing battle against formula.
Ally may start out as your typical bubble-headed man-chasing twenty-something dolt but, thankfully, underneath the surface she turns out to be a heck of a lot more than that.
Sometimes, underneath a film's 'R' rating for sexual content and foul language, lies a core of sweetness and warmth. Unfortunately, for the unsuspecting viewer who is used to the quality of, say, Judd Apatow comedies, this is not one of those films.
The film's satirical jabs at people addicted to Facebook and Twitter raises a few smiles in what is otherwise a straight-to-cinemas DVD release.
Anna Faris and Chris Evans have enough charm to almost pull this off. Almost.
There is something really attractive about Anna Faris as Ally, she has that mesmerizing mobile mouth that distracts but her presence is actually totally winning. She's a klutz but a loveable one.
Still, it's hard to dislike any vehicle for Faris -- the slob's Marilyn Monroe -- with her gift for dejection and her pliable face, which is like a hastily drawn cartoon.
If anything, it feels like 'What's Your Number?' is the worst version of what 'Bridesmaids' could have been. It just doesn't heart, and every joke feels completely forced and obvious.
Fresh, funny and boosted by Anna Faris' superb comedic performance, this raunchy rom-com registers as a surprising delight.
The film isn't great, but Faris is.
Like recent rom-com Friends with Benefits, it's the chemistry of the two leads that keeps it afloat. They just deserve better material to flirt around.
Anna Faris can be cute and funny in the bubbly, ditzy, Goldie Hawn manner - as she proved in The House Bunny - but she's mostly shrill and irritating in lame chick flick What's Your Number
In spite of efforts to instill in our young women the notion that self-worth shouldn't be measured by her ability to attract a husband, filmmakers continue to craft comedy from that very outmoded belief.
Faris is a rare talent: beautiful as a porcelain doll with the comic instincts of a first-rate clown ...
...less an exercise in bad taste than in bad filmmaking.
A predictable by-the-numbers screwball farce that doesn't add up to entertaining fun.
A prime example of romantic-comedy by the numbers.
This is smarmy and sentimental. And repugnant, starting with the premise.
A wonderfully funny comedy that shows young women in their real environment, competing with themselves.
Hilarity fails to ensue and the film's reactionary sexual politics make it harder to root for its protagonists' inevitable hook-up.
Another raunchy comedy; another turned off audience
Screenwriters Gabrielle Allan and Jennifer Crittenden send the modern feminist movement back to the dark ages with an un-romantic comedy that's about as entertaining as reading a book upside-down.
Once in a while a movie breaks the mold and tries something new. The latest rom-com starring perennially funny girl Anna Faris does not break the mold.
Feels less like a showcase for its star than just another glossy barrier holding back her potential.
Not terribly shocking, but if you've seen the trailer, you've already witnessed some of the funniest moments in the film.
Raunchy romcom promotes double standards, stereotypes.
What's Your Number? Dumb question. And an even dumber movie.
This raunchy, smutty female comedy adds up to very little.
As most such Hollywood films do nowadays, it ends up sentimental and whimsical.
Anna Faris is cute and funny. I only wish the movie lived up to her charms.
Anna Faris Quite the 'Number'
This sort of movie is why most men hate romcoms, and I agree. I do not want to pay for anything that speaks down to or insults me.
Were this film made with Kate Hudson and Matthew McConaughey, it would be excruciating. But Faris and Evans make it surprisingly enjoyable.
Evans does have legitimate movie-star charm and charisma, but you kind of get the feeling that What's Your Number? might be Faris' last at-bat in a leading role.
I liked this movie the first time...when it was called 'Bridesmaids.' (Movie Review for Parents also available)
[Faris] and Evans deserve better than a string of rom-com clichés, including the surprise date in a closed sports arena. Unless you're Justin Beiber and Selena Gomez, it couldn't happen to you.
Another regrettable entry in the ongoing Hollywood saga of "When bad movies happen to good people."
This desperately seeking-laughs comedy stars Anna Faris, a comedian with a lot of quirk appeal, though little of it is on display.
With her sweet ditz openness, honk of a voice, blonde pixie looks and absolutely fearless comic flair, Anna Faris should be a superstar. But no one's found the right bottle for her elixir.
Lighting, camerawork, and editing are all a slapdash mess, one that further hinders the actors trying their best to get through this failed hookup of a comedy.
What's Your Number unavoidably plays like a mash-up of the recent romantic comedies that it should have beat to market.
For comedy connoisseurs it isn't news that Anna Faris is a largely untapped treasure. The melancholy question that lingers on the way out of the vulgar yet retrograde What's Your Number? is: Whither Anna?
Once again Anna Faris manages to be the best thing in another not very good Anna Faris movie.
There are some laughs here, no question, but it seems to take every ounce of Faris' comic ability to keep the story moving forward.
There's very little personal dirt in Sarah Palin: You Betcha! that wouldn't be upstaged by Joe McGinniss' recent Palin tell-all.
To answer the question, 'What's Your Number?,' I'm thinking 'zero.' As in the amount of time and money that filmgoers should spend on this cellu-void.
It's all about the essential mystery of casting here, turning what so easily could have been a ho-hum rom-com into breezy, unchallenging fun.
As someone who-swimming against the tide-didn't care for Bridesmaids, imagine my surprise to find another female-driven, female-written R-rated comedy so entertaining.
Stupefyingly formulaic.
For all its edge, What's Your Number? is rooted in stale convention, boxed in by unfair societal strictures and holds to the belief that good girls still need the affirmation of a man and marriage to be complete.
A pale excuse for a chick flick that should look even more ghostly in light of the similarly-themed and far-superior Bridesmaids earlier this year.
What kind of self-hating, emotionally stunted child is Ally supposed to be? She's the quirky adorable bubbly cute heroine of the romantic comedy of the week, that's who! The one all women can relate to! Because we're all like that, doncha know!
You can tell Faris craves laughs, and so it's incredibly easy to root for her.
It is difficult to recall a film in which the word "vagina" is used so often. But it seems that the female characters in this rom-com have little else to commend them than their sexual organs.
This comedy is empty.
There's just zilch here to get excited about. It does nothing you haven't seen before.
What's the point of all this?
It's a cynical exercise in marketing, masquerading as a maverick.
That "Number" works at all, and I should add it's pleasant enough and has a few amusing moments, is due entirely to the resourceful Faris.
For the most part, What's Your Number? plays like a bottom-of-the-barrel sitcom that has absolutely no basis in reality...
I am worried any movie playing in an adjoining theater might get herpes.
Note to Hollywood: Just because films like "The Hangover" and "Bridesmaids" were successful doesn't mean that having characters yell "Vagina" every few minutes is funny. It usually isn't.
What's Your Number? has a major comic obstacle in the fact that its protagonist approaches her search to find Mr. Right in a constant state of denial.
It's deeply frustrating, made all the worse since Anna Faris is clearly trying her hardest with substandard material.
Even the delectable Anna Faris cannot get us to root for the character she plays in this charmless, distasteful dud.
Ranks higher in crudity than in the number of laughs generated.
He is borderline evil, and she is a completely helpless, flailing fool, and there's no reason to think they would stay together for a month.
"What's Your Number?" doesn't know when to quit. Once it subsides into squishy wedding pornography, it is all but unendurable.
What's Your Number? doesn't appear to get Anna Faris, which is its loss.
A not very good romantic comedy made somewhat bearable by Faris.
Offering a few chuckles but nothing new, What's Your Number? is strictly by the numbers.
It doesn't matter that Faris is in on the joke - it still steamrolls over her.
It's very silly and cheesy, and the opening gag is unfortunately the same as the one that starts Bridesmaids, but there is something puppyishly likable in this romantic comedy...
This latest predictable rom-com has 1.5 things going for it - extremely likable and harmonious leads in Faris and Chris "Captain America" Evans, and, for those familiar with Boston, lots of great locations...
"What's Your Number?" suffers from an elaborate plot that traps the actors in scenarios that feel like a screenwriter's (or, in this case, a novelist's) invention.
The rom-com spark simply isn't there between the pair, which results in a couple of characters' large egos interplaying.
It's that awkward, tedious monster mash of "chick flick'' and romantic comedy - a flatulent issue of Glamour in a Hildy Johnson hat.
It made me laugh more than most movies this year, and confirms my belief that Anna Faris could be a big star if she ever gets offered a script worthy of her talents.
barely tolerable
You can see exactly where this is going, and it dutifully goes there, following familiar rom-com beats and boilerplate.
Faris is endearing even at those times when this frantic I've-slept-with- 19-guys comedy is barely endurable.
Even dumber than this premise is the notion that she can resist Evans, whose charms are particularly manifest thanks to a screenplay that requires him to drop trou early and often.
Anna Faris is oh, so easy to love. Her problem is that too often she makes movies that are oh, so easy to dislike.
People acting like idiots is the warp and woof of romantic comedy. But they have to be likable idiots, empathetic idiots. Faris takes an already confused character and turns her sandpaper-abrasive.
The leads have an infectious chemistry and Ally is a refreshingly modern heroine with a nice screwball touch.
What's Your Number? manages to skate the line between romantic and risque, which is far more than most movies of its ilk can accomplish.
What's Your Number? is not much dumber than the average romantic comedy, but there is something sad and infuriating about it - like running into a high school friend who seemed destined for greatness and walking away realizing she just picked your pocket.
A draggy, generally laugh-free outing that wastes a perfectly good Anna Faris.
Someday Anna Faris will find a movie vehicle that takes full advantage of her quirky comic rhythms and goofball timing, but it sure isn't "What's Your Number?"
The premise may be asinine, but sometimes that's the surest way to prevent letdown - I'm sure it's still possible to be disappointed with a film whose entire plot is derived from an invented article in Marie Claire, but the odds are against it.
A zero...wants to be sweet and cheeky but comes off sour and tasteless instead. There's a difference between raunchy and tawdry.
An amusing screen presence, it's painful to see Faris stuck in this, a contrived offering of relationship blues where the worst thing in the whole wide world to be is single and without dating prospects. You go (away), girl.
This movie isn't as daring as it pretends to be, but with two likable stars and a quotient of absurdity, "What's Your Number?" gets a passing grade.
Anna Faris survives "What's Your Number?" with eccentric comic charm intact. Dumb film; smart comedienne.
It turns out What's Your Number? isn't any smarter or savvier about sex and its collateral damage than the idiotic fake women's-magazine study that provides its premise.
If casting was everything, scripts could be scribbled by toddlers and it wouldn't matter. Not the case.
Anna Faris and Chris Evans don't have enough scenes together, don't have enough funny lines and aren't surrounded by enough funny people to give this "Bridesmaids-lite" a shot.
There are no surprises but for once you don't much mind.
Some audience members will come out for What's Your Number? for Faris' appeal and likability, but they'll leave disappointed because this film is more interested in showing her physical assets than her comedic ones.
...the film's tedium is such that by the time the final credits rolled, I felt much sorrier for myself than I did for [Faris].
"What's Your Number?" sticks to the low common denominators of most Hollywood romances, and it ends up a commonplace one for doing so.
A waste of talent, it proves that the most important people involved in cinema are those responsible for the scripts. Whether there are flies buzzing around it or not, some turds cannot be polished.
Faris offers just enough rough-diamond spark to keep the embers of romance alive throughout the predictable plot.
If the script doesn't grab you, the eye candy probably will; Evans missing no opportunity to show off his Captain America physique and Faris likewise exposing more flesh than the meat counter at Tesco Extra.
A thoroughly enjoyable and frequently hilarious romcom thanks to a superb script, a colourful supporting cast and strong chemistry (both comic and romantic) between a back-on-form Anna Faris and a frequently shirtless Chris Evans.
A throwaway giggle rather than a life-affirming mirror for that swelling box-office target: the single woman.
Two charming leads don't make up for a comedy that just doesn't quite deliver the laughs it should.
Enjoyably racy though it is, What's Your Number? racks up zero surprises. Faris fans awaiting a role to do her justice will have to wait a little longer.

@highlight

The comic timing of Anna Faris is sharp as always, but it's wasted away in this predictable, boilerplate comedy.