There's not a scrap of Milne left, at this point.
Gentle story of friendship is fine for wee ones.
I had fun, so ease up on the marketing schemes, Disney...
It's lightweight and pleasant entertainment for very small children, short and careful not to wear out its welcome.
For childhood's sake, take your little guys and gals to see this movie -- you won't be disappointed.
It's a slight affair, but the cute Heffalump and some cartoon slapstick are endearing enough to its target audience.
Lessons are duly learnt about fear of the unknown, and it's a sweet enough tale, if lacking in tension.
During a time in which wall-to-wall pop culture references have become the standard in animated family fare, it's refreshing to find not a single drop of irony here.
One of the most delightful, family-friendly animated films in some time.
As comforting and warm as a tummy-full of oatmeal.
A cute little cartoon that ought to please very young children.
It's as notable for what it isn't as for what it is, but in a field full of loud, obnoxious fare, its easygoing affability qualifies as a welcome change of pace.
The quaint, watercolour cell-animation works nicely, and the characters of Roo and Lumpy the baby heffalump are winning and beautifully voiced.
If I can't say I'm looking forward to the next one, neither can I ignore the medicinal properties of Pooh's latest big-screen outing.
even a toddler found it too uninteresting to stick around
Oddly enough, about the first half of Pooh's Heffalump Movie could be thought of as the children's version of The Village.
This is a wonderful film for the under-five crowd.
The film will keep children amused without proving too much of an ordeal for grown-ups.
Pooh's Heffalump Movie is a simple, innocent winner with amazing vocal talent, entertaining music and an important lesson for kids.
I'd take Carly Simon and Pooh any day over Ice Cube and the Hateful Little Maggots of "Are We There Yet?"
The purple, elephant-like creature sports a sweet little British accent and a contagious laugh. He more than justifies his presence.
Comfort food for the family: a winning, frequently funny tale of love, camarederie and understanding set in a visual universe as arresting as it is idyllic.
While there's nothing WRONG with this trifle, I was hoping there'd be a better finale for the company that more than anyone was the face of moving drawings for the world...
As fare for families with young children, this is a completely pleasant and harmless time-pass, but other viewers should simply pass.
Nicely done!
The positivity in this endeavour is stretched thin of personality, but young kids should be entranced by the familiar characters and good feelings.
A charming movie for tiny tots, preferably under age six, and passably entertaining for their patient parents.
A perfectly marvelous matinee option for young children.
While kids older than 8 may be too jaded to sit through this cute flick, at just over an hour, it may be the perfect fit for first-time filmgoers.
Neither the life lesson on tolerance nor Carly Simon's treacly songs can weigh down the bouncy fun of this colorful and kid-friendly adventure.
It's nowhere near classic stuff. However, the pace is breezy, the story is charming and the message is wholesome and easy to swallow.
The proper place for this barely feature-length rehash of Poohism is home video (which was the producers' original plan), not the big screen.
There is some wonderful music by Carly Simon and this pleasant outing is perfect for the kiddies.
Wonderful things can come in small packages. And "Pooh's Heffalump Movie" is one of them.
Lumpy, the "heffalump," is a welcome addtion to the world of Pooh
[It] may entertain easy-to-please younger children while disappointing more knowledgeable kids and parents.
A kind of family fare that is rare on the big screen these days.
Oh bother!
...a quaint and sweet-toothed animated film that sends a constructive message...a zesty fun-filled fantasy punctuated by catchy tunes and contemplative forethought
a charming lesson on tolerance that should delight children and adults alike
Makes a fine first moviegoing experience for tots.
It's not half bad.
So insubstantial that it practically evaporates on screen, Pooh's Heffalump Movie likely will play best with toddlers and pre-schoolers easily amused by bright colors, merry songs and lovable, huggable toontoon animals.
Pooh's Heffalump Movie is a charmingly sweet experience for very young moviegoers that also may make their parents smile.
A short, sweet movie perfect for the toddlers and not too torturous for adults.
Heffalump certainly seemed to satisfy a rapt audience of young children at a Saturday morning screening and who can argue with that?
The perfect way to spend a pleasant hour or so introducing a child to the experience of going out to the movies.
Adults will become fidgety in the first 15 minutes, nervously checking their watches to see when the next Pixar movie is coming out.
Bring a watch. You'll be checking it often.
Heffalump may have hummable songs by Carly Simon. But it's about two and a half lumps shy of being any good.
Sticking closely to formula, Disney delivers a sweet script and charming storybook backgrounds, with serviceable, if sappy, songs from Carly Simon.
The baby Heffalump, Lumpy, is funny and adorable and carries the film.
Pooh's Heffalump Movie is just the thing for really little kids and their parents.
Sure, this should be straight-to-video Disney, but it's still charming, harmless fun.
Pooh's Heffalump Movie, with its message of tolerance and open-mindedness, is a fine afternoon at the megaplex. And it will make a welcome addition your home library when it's released on video.
Heads out of the treehouse at an abominable crawl, but once the honey starts to flow, it picks up speed and becomes the sweetest film of the series.
What makes this movie so adorable? It's the voices of Lumpy and Roo. They are full of sweet giggles and playful innocence and Lumpy's British accent is too cute for words.
Pooh's Heffalump Movie exists to introduce a new character that can be sold as a stuffed animal at Disney Stores.
Pooh's Heffalump Movie isn't just the best of the bunch (since 2001). As the silly 'ol bear with the sweet tooth would say, 'It's a hunny.'
This nifty little addition to the Winnie the Pooh franchise boasts some nice touches.
An innocuous introduction to diversity for the preschool set, Pooh's Heffalump Movie features some charming songs by Carly Simon and is warmly animated so as to evoke nostalgia in parents.
For families with small children, this one's honey in the bank.
Updating classics to meld with the sensibilities of the current era is only forgivable when the modernization truly honors the source and adds to the enjoyment. Pooh's Heffalump Movie does neither.
Pooh's Heffalump Movie is much like a children's cardboard storybook and is set to the cozy soundtrack of Carly Simon. It's as sweet as hunny and breezy to follow, and before you know it, it's over and everyone is smiling.
In Pooh's Heffalump Movie, which is adorable, he finally encounters the real thing. And it (the heffalump) is too cute for words.
They seem to have put some effort into this one, rather than just cranking it out and shoving it into theaters.
Amusing, beautifully drawn one-hour film.
Newcomer Kyle Stanger, who was just five when the movie was made, gives Lumpy so much personality and charm that every child will want a heffalump playmate of of his own.
Nothing more than a less charming rehash of the original Tigger tale.
Comforting and warm as a tummy-full of oatmeal.
Pooh's Heffalump Movie is the cinematic equivalent of being tucked into bed with a fable and a glass of water.
It's as gooey as a jar of honey, and just as sweet.
On the heels of 1999's The Tigger Movie and 2003's Piglet's Big Movie, Pooh's Heffalump Movie is by far the best of the DisneyToon Studios bunch.
Perfect for the very youngest viewers.
A beautifully animated romp through the world of Pooh as created by A.A. Milne.
Apparently the Disney folks don't even bother with A.A. Milne anymore. They just borrow his characters and do with them what they will -- which mostly means cramming toy stores with plush Poohs, Piglets and Eeyores.
...enfolds young viewers like a favorite blanket.
Heffalump is a film of small charms, but what delights are there sound out loudly in today's depressing kid film marketplace.
Making this your kids' first Pooh experience would be like weaning them on New Coke.
In contrast to Tigger and Piglet, Lumpy offers fewer incentives to take a trip to the theatre to make his acquaintance.
A delightful cinematic trifle ... a lushly illustrated and sweetly told tale that is aimed squarely at the ten and under set.
All in good fun....In the absence of anything better, it's a fine outing for the young'uns.
This isn't Spirited Away, and while critics are bound to call the film innocuous (it is, I suppose), this is precisely what's so endearing about it: its innocence.




@highlight

A charming and delightful walk through the Hundred Acres Woods for young viewers.