Frothy musical is a fun watch; some drinking, innuendo.
The film's biggest crime, perhaps, is that it's ineffectual.
A melodramatic love story propelled by a rousing batch of 80s pop hits.
The laziness of the effort is remarkable to watch at times, even when its cast works diligently to put on a big show, making "Walking on Sunshine" amiable but frequently insufferable.
Sexy, not smutty, and resisting the temptation to be anything other than a family-friendly romp, Walking on Sunshine is such a feelgood pre-holiday tonic it should be available on the NHS.
I am delighted to say that in the cheerily crass Walking on Sunshine we have a strong contender for the worst British movie of 2014.
Hard to hate anything this self-consciously silly.
You may find yourself tickled, providing your toes don't curl up so far that they actually stab you in the heart.
The story and acting are about as subtle as a kiss me quick hat, but those in the right mood will find it irresistibly cheesy fun.
Is to real feeling what sunny delight is to real orange juice.
The film-makers (who also directed Streetdance) strike a frantic tempo but Walking on Sunshine is still often like treading through treacle.
Arterton, blonde sister of Gemma, is pallid from every angle, while Scholey feels like a backing singer who, for some reason, has been booted centre stage.
Walking on Sunshine is so bafflingly odd, so transcendently bizarre, at times I felt like I'd slipped into another plane of reality - one where the sun always shines, the '80s never end and everyone is a complete and utter d**k.
It is all perfectly painless froth but there are moments that make your toes curl.
It's as if the screenwriter and the directors looked at Mamma Mia! and thought: "Let's do that again, but make it horrible and bad and ill-considered."
The overkill is almost compelling. Like a storm-follower you want to sit right in its eye. But be warned.
It comes to life rarely.
Six scenes end with someone falling hilariously into a swimming pool. I minded enough to keep a tally, but not enough to bear a grudge. It's that kind of film.
One for karaoke fans.
Ruthlessly calculated to deliver a-million-percent-feelgood.
A cornball '80s jukebox movie with little of the unselfconscious charms of Mamma Mia!.
Like the best karaoke turns, it's cheesy, rough around the edges and doesn't take itself at all seriously. I think that's what makes it so endearing.
If you threw a camera, boom mic and clapper board into the monkey enclosure at the zoo they'd have produced something more worthwhile than Walking On Sunshine.
With its "Mamma Mia"-esque setup and pop playlist of '80s hits, this jukebox musical offers bubble-gum fun in the sun.

@highlight

It desperately wants to be frothy and fun, but Walking on Sunshine is crass and calculated -- and a poor substitute for the jukebox musicals it attempts to emulate.