Cartoonish Charlie's Angels with lesbians.
Never really amounts to anything comedic or entertaining.
Pretty disarming overall, and has a nicely satiric edge to it.
It still has some of the fun jokes and the carefree, slam-bang premise, but lacks the punch of its predecessor.
It's corny, clichéd, and often an absolute hoot.
It's campy, but it isn't a camp classic.
With the fun, nonstop momentum of a Saturday morning cartoon, D.E.B.S. makes you forgive most of its shortcomings.
It wants to be funny, or, failing that, at least fun, and yet it is neither.
It's so spoofy it's difficult to call 'good' or even 'bad'; just say it's smooth.
The material feels stretched thin over feature length, and indeed, it was a short film first and should've stayed that way
Works perfectly well as a 10-minute short film (with four of those minutes consumed by the opening and closing credits), but flunks out as a 91-minute feature.
Charlie's Angels written as a teen comedy and re-enacted by Barbie dolls.
A funky cast and promising send-up material of girl-power films can't save D.E.B.S.
...lacks in energy, top-notch humor and ultimately...a story...
[A] cheering reminder of what can be done by clever people with a small budget and a lot of enthusiasm.
Is it a satire of stupid movies? Is it just a stupid movie?
The silliest spy spoof centered around a chaste lesbian love story that I've ever seen.
Only the world of X-rated movies overlooks such flimsiness of plot, absence of acting talent, cheap special effects, banal dialogue and scantily clad young women.
The most endearing aspect of D.E.B.S., a sweet-spirited spoof, is that the lesbian romance is played for real, with no nudge-nudge wink-wink irony.
A prime example of a dispiriting trend: movies whose primary point of reference is other movies.
Those who are hoodwinked into leaving home for such deliberate mediocrity may get a sense that the movie's biggest joke is at their expense.
Something supremely silly yet slyly subversive: a gay girl-power romance in skimpy exploitation clothing.
Most of the second half is taken up by the surprisingly sticky, amateurishly acted love story about desperate lovers on opposite sides of the law, and there are long stretches without laughs.
Breezy and silly and laugh-out-loud funny, full of throw-away lines and absurd humour.
It's not easy to make an unwatchable movie about too-skinny girls in too-short skirts packing big guns. Somehow, though, D.E.B.S. gets it all wrong.
Cute, campy and as proudly insubstantial as its heroines' micro-miniskirts.
It's smarter than it has to be yet makes virtually no effort to take itself seriously.
The character traits of the D.E.B.S. are only slightly more useful than the color-coded uniforms of the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles.
The movie feels like a live-action Saturday morning cartoon from the 1970s.
...semi-entertaining...
Makes Charlie's Angels seem intelligent!
A debacle, a debasement of common sense and debatably the worst movie to be released so far this year.
Plays less like a send-up of Charlie's Angels than one of the endless D-list satires that clogged theaters 40 years ago near the end of the 007-inspired spy cycle.
A heat-free pseudo-lesbian spoof of Charlie's Angels by way of Heathers.
Unexpectedly fresh, thanks mostly to the sweetly exuberant love story at its center.
You might think there's no downside to a movie that peeks up the skirts of babes in micro-minis, but writer-director Angela Robinson's dimwitted satire is libido-killing proof to the contrary.
The film can't even get a spit take right... The montages don't even follow the Trey Parker rules... They obviously reshoot the same sets without even redressing them.
A former short film stretched beyond the interest of its wanly amusing riffs, it settles for easy, familiar jokes and slack storyline tension.
A hideously unfunny spy spoof.
Even if it doesn't add up to a whole lot, the movie is content to tickle you gently more than jab you in the ribs. These days, that's saying a lot. Alas.
Alas, the movie isn't nearly as amusing as its premise, but it's refreshingly different from most run-of-the-mill teenage fare.
It runs out of steam after about 20 minutes and that's with 10 minutes' grace because the girls are so fetching in a Britney Spears "Hit Me Baby" sort of way.
Robinson never lets her feature film debut -- expanded from a festival short after drawing raves at Sundance 2003 -- stray too far from its satiric base.
The movie has no wit, no charm, no cleverness, no traction. Simply put, it is no fun.
less daring or funny than a sub-par WB show
'Did you go to Dalton?' If you did, and played Buffy beer shots at your safety school, this one's for you.
Deliberate, dimwitted and surprisingly dull.
D.E.B.S. stands for 'Discipline, Energy, Beauty, Strength' -- none of which is remotely detectable in a single frame.
A disarmingly silly confection.
Rent Pootie Tang instead.
Flat out funny, but a lack of tension undercuts the plot.
There's an undercurrent of commentary that elevates it above spoof-dom.
It's the awkward blending of fluffy silliness and implied raciness that undermines this thin movie.
D.E.B.S. is so unflinchingly cute that it forgets to be either funny or flat-out satiric.
D.E.B.S. is light and airy and frequently quite fun, yet one can't help but feel that the feature-length version is too little butter spread over too much toast.
D.E.B.S. is campy, but infused with enough intelligent humor to make one forgive the occasional misstep.
The characters are two-dimensional parodies, trapped in a movie that doesn't know how to do parody. It's a good idea for a short, dragged out into a feature-length film.
Delirious sendup of girl-power films.



@highlight

Lacking enough material for a full-length movie, D.E.B.S. is short on both plot and laughs.