"Circumstance" reaffirms cultural stereotypes while serving up generous portions of liberal guilt.
Circumstance may miss out on making a truly startling political point, but it is a thoroughly enjoyable and tautly executed tale of young love, forbidden fruit and the world previous generations leave behind for us.
Takes an even-handed approach that never preaches, presenting a resonant side of Iran's society that we have never before seen on screen
Circumstance bravely depicts the political plight of independent young women in Iran, a timely and worthwhile subject somewhat let down by two-dimensional storytelling.
Crude and predictable but nevertheless affecting ...
Keshavarz's film is both sensuous and audacious if a little uneven.
Freed from the constraints of Iranian censorship, Keshavarz authentically portrays young life in Tehran with parties, drugs, underground art and a defiant sexuality
A lush, insightful drama exploring the tensions beneath the implacable face of modern Iran.
Keshavarz uses a trowel to feed us her ideas about living under a repressive regime when all you required was a teaspoon. But she has enough promise to keep you curious for her next offering - if she can just get a lighter grip on the ladle.
Bold, haunting and moving; an excellent feature debut.
Offers an intoxicating peek into a society where skinny-dipping at dawn can be a revolutionary act.
Has some strong performances, a thumping soundtrack and some eye opening themes but its occasional brashness tries too hard to shock.
The content feels familiar, but the perspective is fresh.
It's languorously filmed and insightful on life in Tehran but let down by an erratic plot turn.
The final scenes, dominated to a large extent by the stunning open-book grace of Boosheri, took my breath away, and by the time the film was over I was somewhat awestruck by just how deeply the story being told affected me.
An emotionally dense lesbian love story.
It's a "Breathless" for Tehran rather than Paris.
Keshavarz has a convincing story here worth telling. While certain elements of picture fail, as a whole, Circumstance maintains complexity of thought and fullness of desire.
Keshavarz, who was born in New York City and grew up in the U.S. and Iran, shows us how young people in Tehran get around the constrictive system...
For American-Iranian filmmaker Maryam Keshavarz, Circumstance is a labour of love. It is also an accomplished first narrative feature.
We never doubt the sincerity of the emotions on display, or of the foretaste Circumstance provides of a society on the brink of radical change.
About a sexy, frank and politically contentious Iranian film, two things can be known for a certainty: (a) It sure wasn't made in Iran and (b) It won't be shown there either.
[The] film is too much a wounded love story to slide into polemic.
Its sappy, melodramatic overtones can be overlooked, as this is as much a political statement as it is a love story.
Both Boosheri and Kazemy are newcomers, but their spirited, tender performances -- from the eroticism to the shame and the flights of freedom -- feel completely, devastatingly real.
This impressive debut feature generates plenty of erotic heat, and Nikohl Boosheri, in her first screen role, gives a captivating performance as the sensually awakened heroine.
It has some pretty radical images in it, adding up to a powerful experience.
It begins well, but goes nowhere.
Offers an inside look at Iran in all its cultural complexity.
When writer-director Maryam Keshavarz moves things out of the bedroom and stops self-consciously flirting with controversy, the film is provocative for all the right reasons.
Themes of sexual liberation, religious oppression, rebellion to authority and free- thinking permeate the fabric of the film and "Circumstance" is for any mature teenager.
a beautifully constructed film that is as gritty as the subject matter, and as lyrical as the redemption and the peace its characters all seek.
What is it like to be gay in Iran, where President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad claims homosexuality does not exist?
Keshavarz has cast mostly newcomers with surprisingly effective results, especially the gorgeous Kazemy, whose somber beauty and quiet focus give her character the gravitas she deserves.
Maryam Keshavarz has announced herself as a bold voice, albeit from exile, in the new Iranian cinema.
Despite its arty veneer and its ostensibly political edge, Circumstance seems more interested in titillation than revelation.
More interesting for its cultural views than for its insights into love, sex, family angst, and rebellious youth.
"Circumstance'' is a rhapsodic erotic romance that takes place in a cultural prison, and it pulses with a defiance that would be mischievous if it weren't so rip-roaringly angry.
When passion nearly boils over and when the degradation of women is at its most sickening, Circumstance trembles with the kind of honest rage that dangerous people prefer to silence.
The film wages an internal battle between its ripely sensual atmosphere and its often stilted pacing and plotting.
Unfortunately, it strays into unlikely melodrama and distracting eroticism.
Seen after the Mideast youthquake, Circumstance reveals what the girls might have been up to while the boys were in the streets - a revolution that will only be televised on closed-circuit.
Contemporary Iran in an overheated teenage microcosm.
A drama of depth, nuance and ambition.
The film doesn't feel weighed down with the burden of representation: It's too free-flowing for that, too plot-heavy, too stylish, too romantic, too hot.
A powerful debut film and a remarkable tale of oppression and liberation, and one that leaps right to the top of the unfortunately brief list of LGBT-themed films set in the Islamic world.
Despite unconvincing characters, lush cinematography emphasizes same obsession with sexuality as Iran's police [to] give the psychic damage of oppression a visual dimension.
An excellent look at how the modern youth of Iran skirts the boundaries between the religious state and personal freedom, and all the risks that are involved.
While I didn't find much new in the film's girl-girl romantic dynamics, it's setting and social-political commentary are certainly above the norm.
Iran's religious fundamentalists can't be pleased with "Circumstance," a bold denunciation of their country's intolerance, especially toward women.
Though some things feel familiar - Atafeh is wealthy, while Shireen is an orphan - Keshavarz's vision is clear and heartfelt, and everyone has an urgency in their eyes.
Cinematographer Brian Rigney Hubbard ("Tanner Hall") frames many of his shots with doorways, either with a character point of view observing from or his camera observing through, evoking the lines which characters may or may not cross.
Too much in too many scenes is worked in, even though a thematic relationship may be gleaned among the parts in repressive, fearful, corrupt, Morality Policed Tehrān.
This is a movie about longing, desire, desperation and the abandonment of principle -- quite a collection of themes, all universal.
Circumstance is in many ways an impressive achievement. But its mix of documentary detail and melodramatic plotting ultimately tips toward the latter.
Maryam Keshavarz's debut feature contains echoes of The Lives of Others and My Son, the Fanatic, but it stands on its own in its portrayal of everyday people trying to make the best of their circumstances in a restrictive society.
A taboo-busting snapshot of contemporary Tehran - a provocative psychodrama that's part Iranian "Girls Gone Wild," set just before the 2009 elections.
Seething passions boil over, and the results are messy. But if excess and unruliness can be counted among the film's flaws, they also represent the very principles it is determined to defend.
If that's Keshavarz's way of saying she'd like a Hollywood gig, she's proved herself worthy of an offer.
Circumstance is solidly constructed, but without much in the way of inspiration.
Absorbing if too earnest chronicle of youth rebellion against the rigid and repressive social order of contemporary Iran.
[A] stirringly sensual, American-produced ... feature about the urge for personal freedom and its consequences in a repressive society.
For those who've ever pondered what a Skinemax flick sponsored by Human Rights Watch would look like, wonder no more.
Maryam Keshavarz's earnest, well-intentioned first feature on women's oppression in Iran has trouble resisting its own heavy hand.
An incredibly unique look at Iran through the eyes of two young women trapped in a society that doesn't allow them to express their individuality.
A weighty topic receives lush but eventually contrived treatment in Circumstance.
Iranian fundamentalist vs. freedom-seeking sister in this ferocious battle of religious wills.
Keshavarz's solid, unfussy craftsmanship lets the story come to the fore, making intriguing if rarely thrilling results
An engrossing Iranian film about the familial clash of values of a sister seeking freedom and pleasure and a brother who is zealot for Islamic fundamentalism.
"Nothing is Private" would also suit Maryam Keshavarz's feature debut, though she chose "Circumstance" [to] reflect the factors surrounding her two young female leads in Iran.
Circumstance suggests a new way of showing stories about young Iranians even as it stumbles and falls over myriad narrative miscalculations.
It's an auspicious beginning for a young director. Watch for the fireworks once Circumstance reaches Iran.
Stunning debut lifts the veil on life in Iran.
With much of the content already distant culturally, the lack of clarity in dialogue and staging causes all subtlety to be lost in translation.

@highlight

A thought-provoking, insightful look into Iranian youth culture.