"It's a playful study of Arctic life, starring a polar bear cub, its prey, and a tagalong fox -- with the inevitable dramatic moments when bear meets walrus."
This anthropomorphic Disneyfication -- presumably intended to give youngsters something to relate to -- is made worse by the film's elementary dialogue and Queen Latifah's crass 'n' brash delivery.
Arctic Tale isn't a documentary. They say it right there in the title, see? It's a tale. [Blu-ray]
The photography of Arctic Tale is what makes it so good. The nature documentary style of this movie is brilliant and breathtaking at times.
This effort soundly delivers the inconvenient truth to the generation who'll inherit it.
...the movie is mainly for the benefit of children, a good thing because the world will soon enough be in their hands.
Overall, Arctic Tale's one true message is clear: Stop global warming before it's too late.
It doesn't take a cynic to wonder if editing trickery has been deployed to clarify or simply fabricate these events.
Partnering its ursine heroine's progress with that of a female walrus calf, Adam Ravetch and Sarah Robertson's documentary combines stunning wildlife footage with an environmental message.
The filmmakers probably thought the truth would be too upsetting for children, so we get walrus farts instead.
Targeted at pre-schoolers yet with scant educational value, Arctic Tale is best seen by no-one.
A blatant attempt to cash in on the success of March of the Penguins, this wildlife documentary is stunningly photographed, but the attempts at anthropomorphism are frequently irritating.
Well intentioned, spectacularly filmed, and packing a vital message, Arctic Tale is worthwhile, even if its old style presentation leaves us less than thrilled.
Capitalizing on the successes of both March of the Penguins and An Inconvenient Truth, the sappy Artic Tale is more akin to a commercial for a McDonald's Happy Meal.
those expecting a March of the Penguins-like good time are going to hit eject on the DVD player feeling awfully depressed
Kid-friendly film serves up inconvenient truth.
Putting an animal's face to global warming is conceptually smart and would've been more effective if it were applied to other species in other climate zones too.
As a baby boomer myself, "Arctic Tale" falls just short of the Disney gems. But the aquatic adventures of the walruses alone get my seal of approval.
Although lacking the lyric force of March of the Penguins and Winged Migration, the film combines a great story with world-class photography to tell a unique National Geographic tale.
It makes you extremely grateful that Smell-O-Vision was never perfected.
Arctic Tale tries to be everything to everyone but fails at all.
If it's sometimes a little too pat, a little too cute, bear in mind that this film's target audience is the post-Barney, pre-Bratz set and not John James Audubon.
(like) those cunningly engineered Disney 'True-Life Adventures'... in which scorpions appeared to dance... and supposedly lovelorn squirrels awaited what the narrator called their 'moment of fulfillment.'
I'm willing to overlook some lowest-common-denominator idiocy in favor of some well-produced nature photography.
A well-intentioned film that isn't a documentary and isn't a very good adventure story.
Some kids at the screening I attended were growing restless ... and so was I.
Child-pandering and overly anthropomorphized, Arctic Tale is a blatant cash-grab by National Geographic Films.
...sometimes the contrivance is obvious.
The heavy-handed ideology and flawed narration don't commend Arctic Tale as a movie I would care to watch repeatedly, but I'm glad I saw it once, for the spectacular photography.
Make no mistake, Arctic Tale is a stunning film, full of all the astonishing, even breathtaking nature photography we've come to expect from the folks at National Geographic.
It's aimed at kids, and it hits them squarely: My 6-year-old and his friend sat stock still, hypnotized.
Arctic Tale does afford us some beautiful landscape cinematography and up-close looks at creatures in the wild...
There's no Jane Goodall required. And the absence of humans proves we needn't be onscreen to make our presence known.
So the film's visual elements suggest a documentary, but it's a carefully fictionalized narrative. Some folks will thus dismiss it as a fabrication, but it still packs a profound emotional wallop.
Obviously, the producers have decided to gear this movie to the very young, but even kids don't like to have their soul food come to them predigested.
More than once I found myself thinking: What a planet! Which means the movie did its job.
Warm and fuzzy despite its frigid locale, Arctic Tale is the huggable nature film many people expected from March of the Penguins, but didn't get.
Seriously irritating.
No, it doesn't stand up to March of the Penguins or soar like Winged Migration, but this family-friendly flick does manage the happy feat of raising eco-awareness.
See this in a cool theater on a hot summer day.
Husband-and-wife filmmakers Ravetch and Robertson capture some breathtaking images. And a global-warming warning, which is saved for the end, is much subtler than the one in last year's animated hit Happy Feet.
Whether you're more attuned to adorable animals or environmental issues, Arctic Tale is pretty cool.
Far from captivating.
During the end credits, kids pop up onscreen to warn you that every time you turn on your lights, a baby polar bear falls to his death through a crevasse of ice cracked by global warming. Or something to that effect.
Since I would give the visual portion of "Arctic Tale" the maximum number of stars and the audio portion the minimum, I suppose that I will have to split the difference and give the film as a whole the middle amount.
It's a beautiful movie with a heartwarming and, at times, very sad story, along with an important message for all of us.
The narrative by Linda Woolverton, Moses Richards and Kristin Gore humanizes the main characters more than most scripts manage to do.
When anthropomorphizing animals in an animated movie, it's effective and enjoyable. But when it's used in a documentary, the process is tantamount to cheating. Such is the case of "Arctic Tale".
The cinematography is stunning as it captures some amazing nature footage, but it's a film that you can easily watch and enjoy at home on video.
The point is made: life, as the wondrous animals of our very far north know it, is severely endangered. And that can only spell disaster for the inhabitants of lands farther south.
Though the journey is a little bumpy, it's still a trip well worth taking, for all ages.
The film does not preach; rather, it confronts us with the question: Now what are we going to do?
Despite the storytelling faults, Ravetch and Robertson offer remarkable footage from the evaporating Arctic.
Robertson, making her directorial debut with this American production, manipulates her images in a manner that distorts the truth and brings into question what a documentary film is supposed to do.
Despite its sad scenes, it sentimentalizes. It attributes human emotions and motivations to its central animals. Its music instructs us how to feel. And the narration and overall approach get in the way of the visual material.
Watching these endangered species evolve new approaches to hunting and shelter is fascinating, but the movie is seriously marred by a cloying screenplay and such kid-pleasing touches as shots of walruses belching and farting.
The babies are adorable, the soundtrack choices ('We Are Family') obvious, the biological diversity awe-inspiring.
...suffers from happy feet.
Nevertheless, Arctic Tale is a kid-friendly, non-preachy window on the north as a place of wonder and a harbinger of change -- and I'll take Queen Latifah's warm voice over Al Gore's drone any day.
Watching bear cubs and walrus pups struggling to survive against increasingly tough odds, and on ever-slushier ice shelves, has both its shamelessly manipulative side and its dramatically necessary side, as handled here.
Arctic is as charming as it is instructive.
The best thing about Arctic Tale is the vivid underwater cinematography, shot with such urgency and vibrancy that one might suspect a little CGI assistance has been employed.
Turns these animals' tales into triumphs of endurance and dynamite parenting, which does become difficult when you're low on food and weigh as much as a car.
On a flatulence scale of 1 to 10, it's an eight.
The critters themselves are pretty darn adorable, and watching them mature is probably the most engaging part of the film.
The baby bear is undeniably adorable, the maturing walrus is a fascinating social being. But the film's storytelling contrivances are unconvincing.
Arctic Tale shows us a changing world and life changing with it.
[P]owerfully moving...
It gets overly cute, with a soundtrack featuring pop standards like "We Are Family" and "Celebrate." Is this the arctic or a middle school party?
the footage is stunning, the narration, not so.
Whatever problems some might have with its execution, it's hard to argue against a film whose intent is to kindle youthful compassion for living things and inspire action to protect Earth and its creatures.
Its no-bones-about-it message of how global climate change is challenging our furry -- and blubbery -- animal friends at the top of the world is critical and makes the film something everyone concerned with the environment should see.
I'm no holdout about the reality of global warming, but fictionalizing and anthropomorphizing animal adventures to make the point and then calling it a documentary puts these filmmakers in a league with pre-Sicko Michael Moore.
Arctic Tale puts, if not a human face on the effects of climate change, then the next best thing: an anthropomorphized animal one.
The striking visuals that sweep across both the landscape and awesome natural world beneath, compete for center stage with the film's critical ecological cautionary warning pertaining to the careless harming of the planet.
while their fictional family fabric resembles that of March of the Penguins, Arctic Tale is the more gripping, moving film by far.
Surely there are better alternatives for kids who deserve a respectful lesson in arctic wildlife. It may have its heart in the right place, but Arctic Tale doesn't have much of a brain to back it up.
Makes the mistake of anthropomorphizing its subjects and substitutes pallid whimsy for reportage.
The best reason to see this documentary is for the stunning shots of polar bears and walruses in the Arctic Circle. If the filmmakers had just left it at that, they would have accomplished a lot.
Despite the film's undeniable technical achievements, it's hard to walk out of the theater without sensing that you've witnessed a bit of a cheat.
...husband-and-wife directing team Adam Ravetch and Sarah Robertson , who shot much of the footage over more than a decade in the Arctic, are aiming for a playful, casual, child-friendly tone...
Arctic Tale conveys the [environmental] message to kids in an endearing story wrapped around some of the most compelling footage ever captured at the top of the world.
Astonishing and adventurous, notably for its spectacular photography.
[A] stunningly photographed documentary about a year in the endangered life of an Arctic ice floe.
It's a respectable attempt to get kids who like cuddly animals thinking about death and destruction on a global scale.
The live-action animal drama Arctic Tale arrives in an impressive visual package and even boasts a timely message, but its undistinguished storytelling is a big letdown.
Arctic Tale is yet another wildlife orgy of ooh-ing and aah-ing designed to expose young ones to the lifestyles of the furry and the fabulous.
But the script, narrated by Queen Latifah, is so embarrassingly dorky (it was co-written by Kristin Gore) that it's like Fred Rogers gone hip-hop.
...directors/cinematographers Sarah Robertson and Adam Ravetch capture the struggle of life in this frozen wilderness with effective poignancy.
An overly cutesy, ludicrously anthropomorphic critter feature, even if it is in a good cause.
The thing is, while I am the first to stand up and shout about the dangers of the climate crisis, I also don't need to be hit over the head with what is going on in the world with a didactic sledgehammer.
Displaying more corn than is usually found at the North Pole, Arctic Tale documents the travails of a polar bear cub and a walrus pup as they struggle toward adulthood.
The chances of the movie being taken as seriously as other nature docs is fairly slim, because it tries way too hard to be cutesy and kid-friendly.
An extraordinary documentary that heightens our connection with the lives and destinies of an Arctic polar bear and a walrus.
Cheapens its narrative material with what savvier viewers may suspect are many a fudged moment.
'Arctic Tale,' a cuddly family film touching on the dangers of claw and fang, contains a global warming caution. Without whining its alarm, the movie quietly incorporates it.
Children and Republicans may benefit from its message, but Arctic Tale isn't to be trusted, though not for any reason having to do with its thoughts on climate change.
Overall effect, regardless of aesthetic quibbles or kudos, is to make auds aware of how imminent the risk is to these environmentally interdependent creatures.
The film would be more enjoyable if one could turn off the soundtrack and simply revel in the stunning visual evocation of this white-on-white world.

@highlight

Arctic Tale features breathtaking nature cinematography, but is undone by its over-cutesy narration.