It's well performed and unflinchingly disturbing, raising bold questions about patriarchy, parenting and mental health.
It's an interesting way to tell a story and a devastating journey, particularly since it's based on a real-life incident.
When the inevitable happens, Lafosse's restraint provokes dread - he's given us a real psychological understanding of the unthinkable.
Challengingly takes the anti-CNN approach to a horrific crime, as upsetting . . . in trying to make the unfathomable credible. . .the film is nuanced and thoughtful.
This is a taut psychological study, based on a true story, of the complexities of personal power relationships that begins with the kind of shattering revelation that would be the conclusion of most films.
There is no whodunit here -- the horror is plain in the opening shots -- and the how is presented with great restraint, but the why remains veiled and mysterious long after the film has ended.
The audience is held in a vise of claustrophobia, and every room seems full of tiny, screaming children.
The title can refer to the children whose tragic death the film is based on but more subtly on the dependency of Mounir, a North African, on his adoptive father and that of the wife on Mounir.
Lafosse's of the material has the feel of a psychological crime scene investigation.
Our Children was inspired by a real-life Belgian tragedy, but director Joachim LaFosse has built that news item into his own micro-portrait of coercion dipped in kindness.
The film trades in a blank grimness that isn't emotionally involving as much as it is like watching some terrible accident you're helpless to prevent.
At once beautifully realized and brutally uncompromising ...
Our Children needs more heightened moments; its emphasis on quotidian frustration, while admirable (and probably accurate), just doesn't get across what ultimately made this woman snap.
In terms of both plot and style (a string of one-face-then-another handheld shots), Our Children stakes everything on performance.
Aware that a story of such grave human weight and consequence demands to be told exactingly if it is to be told at all, Lafosse's film succeeds most profoundly by refusing to phrase the inevitable question -- how could she? -- as a rhetorical one.
Expertly avoiding sensationalism, this potently acted drama reminds us of Jean Renoir's celebrated dictum, that everyone has their reasons.
This is film-making of a very high order.
Our Children isn't simply a story of a mother with post-natal depression. It's much more oblique, and, like any family, complicated than that.
A quietly violent film that will both assault and deeply move its audience.
Belgian director Joachim Lafosse paints an image of how domestic bliss turned untenable builds to a crime unforgivable in Our Children.
Masterfully plays with stylistic conventions and all-too-common instances of real-life matricide ...
It's a near-perfect portrait of a domestic tragedy as a master-and-servant psychodrama, one that leaves catastrophic collateral damage in its wake.
Suffice to say that pathos is intertwined with pathology in Lafosse's fifth feature, inspired by a true story-but Murielle's decline isn't any less full of tough home truths.
Those of us who are forever citing Nicole Kidman's tear-stained close-up in Birth as the ultimate example of wordless acting will now have to update our reference points.
Through Lafosse's vivid lensing and framing, Our Children exerts a steely grip. Yet the film remains restrained, detached and balanced ...
An exceptional performance by Emilie Dequenne dominates this powerful drama inspired by the harrowing case of Brussels mother of five Geneviève Lhermitte.
This is masterful, unsettling filmmaking that moves us deeply. It also has the power to save lives.
It's a quiet, immaculately acted study of appalling cruelty committed unconsciously by those who believe they're acting in the best interest of others.
Harrowing... Fantastic performances are part of why this is such an unsettling film...
A small masterpiece.
Dequenne is simply one of best actors on the planet. Her portrayal of baby blues and postnatal psychosis is as subtle as it is devastating.
Tense, slow-burning and handled with impeccable discretion Our Children offers a piercing and compassionate glimpse into the unthinkable.
As the walls close in we believe this young wife might end up gasping for air. We even believe she might yearn to take the kids, not just herself, to a better place.
[An] inexpressibly painful drama, with a classic resonance, which Belgian director and co-writer Joachim Lafosse based on a news story.
It's not an easy watch, but Lafosse - who made the excellent mother-and-twins study Private Property (2006) - unpicks the family dynamics with moving candour.
Fully committed, beautifully acted, well realised and genuinely unsettling.
Dynamically played and superbly handled.
A film which tackles serious issues that are both intensely personal and widely political, but which fails to offer understanding of subjects which are perhaps simply incomprehensible.
A drab, gloomy drama that doesn't provide any real enlightenment about why something so awful could happen.
With Our Children, Joachim Lafosse seems hellbent on avoiding any hint of sensationalism.
Underlying this bizarre domestic dynamic is a post-colonialist drama... but those four dead children might better have come unheralded, with Murielle a surprise Medea rather than a pre-destined anti-heroine enacting a mere fait accompli.
This gloomy and penetrating psychological drama should receive steady art house play.

@highlight

A wrenching, quietly violent psychodrama, Our Children has the courage to ask difficult questions, and the strength to leave the answers to the viewer.