The Look of Silence is a much more somber and telling work, and while it lacks "Killing's" lurid enigmatic allure, it's no less dark and registers wholly, one hundred times, more human.
A follow-up to his 2012 Oscar-nominated documentary The Act of Killing, director Joshua Oppenheimer delivers an even more heart-wrenching narrative in this intimate companion piece.
The Look Of Silence's harrowing nature means it is one of the best films I'll never watch again
[Adi Rukun] is just one man, and he can't change the fact that 500,000-plus died while their killers moved up in society, but his insistence on acknowledgment and contrition proves him just as much of a badass as his filmmaker.
Filmmaker Joshua Oppenheimer knows well the power of contrast.
[Joshua] Oppenheimer's film itself is an act of breaking that silence, bringing the past into focus where we can reckon with it.
[The Look of Silence] engages our consciousness and asks us to send a blessing back in some way; to be aware of the world beyond our borders and above all, to actively care about people we don't see who suffer to make our lives easier.
The Look of Silence is required viewing, equal parts frightening and beautiful, much like the landscape it portrays.
The anemic excuses for participating in mass murder are sickeningly familiar, e.g., "I was just carrying out orders." Name a genocide, and these kinds of justifications bloom like wildflowers in an Indonesian jungle.
While entering the minds of the perpetrators in The Act of Killing was motivated by action, looking at the legacy of genocide through the eyes of its survivors drives The Look of Silence.
It only takes a few minutes to fully comprehend how The Look of Silence is complementing and expanding the subject, and why Oppenheimer is not letting this go.
It's a film that shows how weak and fragile memory is, and how the mind is powerful enough to suppress the greatest horror.
Oppenheimer turns his [Act of Killing] camera around, in a sense, to examine how the Indonesian genocide impacted those who survived...
Don't get it twisted, The Look of Silence will disturb you...
Every scene weighs on the audience. But Oppenheimer and Adi manage to locate a lightness as well that lessens the burden.
I was somewhat thankful for be rid of the games of theatrical one-upmanship that made [The Act of Killing] a queasier experience. The power of this terrible moment in history and its lasting legacy is no less powerful without them...
Powerful, provocative and deeply affecting.
This documentary has the potential to induce nausea. It is also, like The Act of Killing, landmark cinema.
This is documentary film-making of the highest order -- urgent, necessary and deeply compassionate viewing.
Remarkably the third Oscar entry this year, along with Trumbo and Iraqi Odyssey as bold leftist historical corrective. And naming the names of Indonesian anti-communist genocidal death squads and the shadow government there, enabled by CIA intervention.
Frightening illustration of how cavalier the perpetrators of ethnic cleansing can be about their heinous acts.
Oppenheimer's follow-up, The Look of Silence, is more lucid but less interesting.
oshua Oppenheimer has followed his 2012 documentary, The Act of Killing, with another, even more powerful film, The Look of Silence.
This sequel [to The Art of Killing] features much more soul-pricking confrontation and demands from the aging perpetrators that questions stop being asked.
Unlike many documentaries on unpleasant subjects, Silence isn't an ordeal you undergo for the information value. It's no upbeat experience, but it is always absorbing, and it is sometimes disturbingly beautiful.
The Look of Silence stands on its own as a perfect addendum to The Act of Killing.
Joshua Oppenheimer's sequel to The Act of Killing wanted to provide an emotional and moral coda to the original as it sought remorse in the eyes of the guilty, but in every beautiful saturated frame, The Look of Silence finds only the blank face of denial
The Look of Silence is [The Act of Killing's] straight injustice-doc brother. It's graceful and eloquent, and it has as its subject a lierotten culture-not merely in the official cant, but in the hearts and minds of even the poorest people.
Focuses on the victims instead of the criminals.
If Killing was a cleverer film and perhaps a more "informative" one (if you want to learn about the Indonesian killings, at least), then Silence is a more gut-wrenching one.
Whilst lacking the impact and imagination of The Act of Killing, there is a simmering tension and beating emotional heart that makes this movie every bit as necessary.
Not as formally exciting as The Act of Killing but because it's so singularly focused, it's a more emotionally engaging story. And because its concerns are different, both films together are a richer experience and provide a more complete picture.
Awareness is everything. Closure is a myth.
"The Look of Silence" is so disturbing because so few people in it seem disturbed.
A reminder that the architects of a massive tragedy remain present and unrepentant, the personification of the evil men do and a warning that it could happen again.
Joshua Oppenheimer's new documentary thrives on the kind of stuff you can't make up. That is, the awful kind.
Despite its surreptitious production and straightforward content, Oppenheimer's movie is visually lush, with some sublime cinematic moments.
It's absolutely devastating, as one would expect, but also a more appropriate elegiac than its predecessor. Any film with this many anonymous credits at the end has to ruffle some feathers.
This is not an easy watch -- for a political film, it's deeply emotional and morally fraught. But Oppenheimer is doing important work: he is teaching us all to see again.
Killing focused on the surreal reenactment of mass genocide by its elderly perpetrators. Silence makes it personal.
The Look of Silence is a breathtaking, haunting piece of documentary cinema, one whose existence is truly baffling and whose images will linger for untold years to come.
Like and perhaps more so than its predecessor, this film is an act of moral necessity.
The Look of Silence couldn't possibly equal its predecessor, but it's still a wrenching and unforgettable experience.
Forget ghosts, aliens, slashers, zombies or any other deadly creatures you'll encounter through mass media this year. The most horrific beings will be elderly Indonesian chaps in "The Look of Silence" ...
"The Look of Silence" is painful and unforgettable - a serious and honorable form, perhaps the highest, of "gotcha" journalism imaginable.
A most perplexing film on a deeply troubling subject.
If The Act of Killing was operatic, this is bluntly intimate.
Like its predecessor, the film succeeds as a document of admissions made by participants in government-sanctioned genocide, and as an indictment of a system that needs to address its history.
Whether the events of 1965 will ever entirely bend toward justice is hard to predict, but these films, with their bold and unsettling tactics, will have played a role in that process.
The Act of Killing was one of the most emotionally staggering explorations ever filmed about how easy it is to justify horrible evils; this follow-up approaches the subject from a different, equally devastating angle.
In contrast to the sometimes lurid tenor of The Act of Killing, and despite the extremity of its own content, Oppenheimer's follow-up has a calm, contemplative tone.
Searing, essential and unforgettable.
Joshua Oppenheimer is trying to right a wrong from 50 years ago and bring to light the truths about that turbulent time in Indonesian history.
You're horrified, then you're bored.
"The Look of Silence" is likely to be the most important film of the year.
Adi's central question - Why? - is never answered, but that doesn't really feel like a flaw in Look of Silence.
There's a rage far beneath Adi's placid expression and the director's dispassionate style. It's not a rage for vengeance but anger at an all-consuming blindness.
A ... profoundly shattering movie.
It's a testimony to how much this is a live issue in Indonesia that some of the credits are listed simply as "anonymous."
Illustrates the difference between good and evil in a remarkably clear, honest, and subtle fashion.
My relief in watching this movie, which once again recounts the slaughters in great, almost fetishistic detail, is that at least the victims are allowed a voice this time.
The stories the perpetrators tell are hideous, but Adi proves to be a calm and unrelenting interrogator, even in the face of direct death threats.
The film is all the more potent for its restraint, as constant on the mind as the cicadas that sound throughout the unyielding night.
A shocking and significant film, a further illumination of one of recent history's great horrors, a documentary that will make a difference in the world. It is also an exceptionally difficult film to actually watch.
There's little comfort here, no easy way to reconcile anything.
While the first film was more visually inventive and, to an extent, playful, The Look of Silence, with its straightforward storytelling, is devastatingly powerful.
In a way, I wish I'd never seen "The Look of Silence," because now I won't be able to forget it. But that's the point ...
The Act of Killing was profoundly affecting for the extreme disconnect between the killers' joyful recounting of the atrocities they committed. The Look of Silence probes deeper, into the uncomfortable truths behind such false bravado.
The cumulative effect is simply devastating.
Oppenheimer's films explore the absolute pits of human depravity to such a degree there's no doubt of their authenticity.
It's a quieter film [than "The Act of Killing"], lyrically shot, Adi's occupation a stunning allegory for what he hopes to achieve.
The Look of Silence in some ways manages to burrow deeper into your soul...and your nightmares.
A superior work of confrontational boldness, it might be the movie Oppenheimer wanted to make in the first place.
"The Look of Silence" is a simpler work than "The Act of Killing," and a better one.
Strong and upsetting.
[It] isn't quite documentary filmmaking, but it certainly (and sickeningly) isn't fiction either.
Mr. Rukun is a quiet man, contemplating his family's tragedy more in sorrow than in anger. But this atmosphere has the effect of making the violence at the film's heart all the more shocking.
The Look of Silence ... uses members of a single family to represent the millions of victims and survivors.
'The Look of Silence' is a reminder of what the world chooses not to know.
The Look Of Silence is a powerful gesture of political rebellion, one whose boldest action isn't damning mass murderers to their faces, but being willing to believe that their stranglehold on country and history could be broken.
Oppenheimer is a poet-journalist. He uses metaphors from true situations to affect us deeper. He uses symbols in real life to unveil injustice.
[VIDEO ESSAY] Oppenheimer's quest for "truth, justice, reconciliation and some form of healing" for Indonesian people might seem a lofty goal until you consider how badly America needs the exact same things.
Viewed collectively, [The Act of Killing and The Look of Silence] just so happen to represent some of the greatest work in the nonfiction field in decades.
As the title indicates, this follow-up is dealing with a somewhat blunter set of symbols than its predecessor. It's just as wrenching, though ...
Disturbingly riveting and important.
'The Act of Killing'...was audacious, darkly comic and relentlessly horrifying. This one is quiet, patient and more deeply haunting.
If it's a far less flashy film than The Act of Killing, it's also a better and possibly more honest one.
The Look Of Silence is another endurance test of wits for those who are ready for more Indonesian horror stories, but there's no denying that the silence Joshua Oppenheimer captures is deafening.
If The Look of Silence still remains a gripping, vital, consequential documentary, it's in spite of its approach rather than because of it.
This doc reminds us all too well that Indonesia, too, had a holocaust.
Families, literally step-by-step, track their relatives from their arrests, to prisons, to torture chambers, to killing fields and rivers of drowning.
After his award-winning 2013 documentary The Act of Killing, Joshua Oppenheimer is back with a companion piece that takes a strikingly personal approach to the same event.
The predominant feeling is "the past is the past", even from traumatised survivors, but this powerful film ensures it will not be forgotten.
More formally traditional than its predecessor, but no less distressing.
We already knew about the human appetite for evil. The Look of Silence addresses something more slippery and banal: our endless capacity for evasion.
One might say that The Act of Killing and The Look of Silence... are two halves of a diptych - or uneasy neighbours, like the former members of the Komando Aksi killing squads and their families, and the families of their victims.
An extraordinary follow-up from Joshua Oppenheimer to his groundbreaking Indonesia-set documentary, The Act of Killing.
An anguished tribute to those that suffer brutal injustice abstractly and in the particular devastating scheme of this film.
Disturbingly, Oppenheimer stills feels unable to publicly name his crew. A large chunk of the rolling credits still refers to them as "anonymous".
What we hear is shocking enough; thankfully Oppenheimer leaves most of these savage horrors to our imagination.
The Look of Silence is simpler but is powerful precisely because of that simplicity.
The Look of Silence is a superbly crafted, earth-shattering documentary.
Joshua Oppenheimer's The Look of Silence is a gruelling film to watch and one that ought to answer the criticisms leveled at his previous feature doc, The Act of Killing.
Just because The Look of Silence is a quiet film, that doesn't mean every corner of it isn't filled with screams.
These two films, The Act of Killing and The Look of Silence, are a really unmissable pairing.
It could crawl under your skin. It could crawl into your soul, you almost feel, and lay eggs.
When the end credits roll, and you notice most of the crew's names are listed as "anonymous", the threat seems fresh and immediate.
Thoughtful, beautiful, upsetting, magnificent, it's a film you'll chew over for days, and weeks, afterwards. A film you'll leave in silence.
Years of filming, research and gaining trust pay off impressively in this terrifying, tense and essential documentary.
As bleak, unflinching and utterly unmissable as its predecessor, while the number of people credited as 'Anonymous' in the end credits is as bone-chilling as what has gone before.
The prospect of crafting a worthy successor to the phenomenal The Act of Killing is a daunting one, but Joshua Oppenheimer has risen to the challenge.
While not as mind-blowing or surprising as "Killing," "The Look of Silence" is perhaps the more necessary film.
Feels more like an extended DVD extra to Oppenheimer's genre-defying previous film than a stand-alone documentary.
How the survivors have kept from going mad is extraordinary, and Adi's calm in the face of true evil is a wonder to behold.
Not quite as revolutionary as "The Act of Killing," but essential nonetheless
Director Joshua Oppenheimer emphatically suggests that all of humankind's troubles begin and end with the body.
A young Indonesian optician's quest to learn who killed his older brother and why during a purge of some one-million Communists in the country.
It's the seeming normality that imbues the film with its power.
Oppenheimer throws into sharp relief the contrast between Adi and the murderers' perspectives, and thus the terrifying tension that engulfs the country as a whole.
Crafted with no small amount of grace or gravity, The Look of Silence is the story of one individual staring repeatedly into the abyss, just waiting for it to flinch.
The Look of Silence is one facet of perhaps the most important documentary project of the 21st century. Moving, sublime, and astonishing, this is a film for the ages and one not to be missed.
What a combination of misery and uplift this movie is.
The film does not stab as deeply at the schizoid moral hypocrisy of the perpetrators of the Indonesian genocide as its peerless predecessor, but offers a poignant, upsetting meditation on the legacy of those killings.
A B-side to The Act of Killing but no mere Blue in the Face afterthought.
Much of Look of Silence, like The Act of Killing, represents a fight for history, a struggle to properly acknowledge the million Indonesian dead.

@highlight

The Look of Silence delivers a less shocking -- yet just as terribly compelling -- companion piece to Joshua Oppenheimer's The Act of Killing .