Incarnate's overtly positive elements, including a typically engaging turn by Eckhart, are eventually rendered moot...
Aaron Eckhart, you're better than this I've seen you be better than this but do something that's better.
[The] performances make the human characters far more interesting than the demonic ones.
A low-rent horror film in need of an exorcist, as it never recovers from being cursed with a bad script.
This horror movie tries to set itself apart from other demon-possession movies by inventing an interesting new mythology, but eventually it gets tired, bogged down and lost in its own rule book.
The result isn't even close to what could be expected, since its ending it's like a pastiche of many things and nothing at the same time. [Full review in Spanish]
The mixture of genres and the well-executed twist offered by Incarnation's premise, above the usual formula, is what saves it from burning. [Full review in Spanish]
A horror film that recaptures elements of the classics to mix them indistinctly and clumsily into a fragile reflection on dreams and time, and ends up being a predictable disaster. [Full review in Spanish]
A pile of cliches under a mountain of stupidity. [Full review in Portuguese.]
The preposterous climax is merely a ploy to ensure a sequel -- a proposition that is scarier than anything else in Incarnate.
Easily one of the worst films of 2016.
Incarnate [comes] across as a cheap and relatively ineffective blend of The Exorcist and Inception.
Director Brad Peyton may have wrapped up his film in the trappings of demonic possession, but inside that packaging is a watered-down "Inception" laced with a mild horror aftertaste.
It's Inception meets The Exorcist, and the best thing you can say for this routine scare-'em-up is that the final result isn't as idiotic as the premise sounds.
Dullness incarnate.
Brad Peyton would seem to have viewed The Exorcist more times than is good for him, and evidently has a desire to be a new incarnation of horror director John Carpenter.
It's all a wild jumble of half-baked, derivative ideas and arbitrary rules, all of which add up to a suspense-free horror narrative as murky as its lighting.
Strident rhetoric is required for describing Brad Peyton's latest film, a maddening hodgepodge of ideas that range from undercooked to unoriginal.
Incarnate, much like its central character at key moments, barely seems to have a pulse.
One has to appreciate the effort to tweak the formula, even if the result isn't terribly successful.
Not a perfect film, by any means. But instead, it exists as an entertaining film that could mark the beginning of the next horror franchise to bring audiences into theaters on a regular basis.
Incarnate is just another buried Blumhouse special, and I assure you its neglect is with good reason.
So bad. Atrocious. But not in an interesting way. Just a completely pointless movie all-around.
That [Eckhart's] all-out capital-A acting nonetheless comes off as a misguided mess is vindicated by the fact that nothing about this movie is likely to be remembered long-term anyway.
"Incarnate" is a Thanksgiving turkey put out for display a week late.
Dense with plot and mythology, the film is refreshingly unpredictable - if only because guessing what comes next would require understanding what the hell is going on.
Incarnate is such a pointless bit of hackwork that it almost makes the recent horror dud Shut In seem focused by comparison.
The Exorcist meets Inception in the head-spinning affair Incarnation.
Offers a relatively fresh take on standard-issue exorcism-melodrama tropes, along with a performance by Aaron Eckhart that is more than persuasive enough to encourage the investment of a rooting interest.
Horror fans will see through everything two steps ahead.

@highlight

Incarnate can't be accused of lack of ideas -- if only any of them made sense or coalesced in any meaningful or scary way.