It is as simple as this, if you enjoy Kevin Hart's hyperactive style of comedy, you will enjoy Kevin Hart: What Now?
It is, perhaps, a bit telling and awkward that the best parts of What Now? are less about Kevin Hart being funny and more about people reacting to Kevin Hart.
Hart's formidable gifts as a storyteller are supplemented by his compact but agile physique that enables him to contort himself into positions that a kinesthesiologist would be hard pressed to explain.
You'll be charmed and disarmed.
Mostly clever and a showcase for a comedian who seems like a truly nice guy.
Far from wearing out his welcome, Hart the comedian must battle Hart the superstar for some of his stage time -- and he doesn't always succeed.
Even with the filler it's more funny than not, and a remarkable record of one of the decade's biggest comedy stars.
There's no getting around the fact that he's pretty damn funny. Even better than the concert footage is a framing prologue and epilogue in the form of a hilarious spoof of James Bond pictures.
After seeing a very familiar routine performed, I can only assume that even Hart hasn't figured out how to move forward since he's still relying on tactics from his past.
Hart delivers a solid set despite the massive crowd, and appropriately, the funniest material deals with his newfound fame.
Overall, it's a package that will only be well-received by fans.
The gregarious Hart's presence is more than enough to fill the cavernous football stadium.
Effectively delivers a timely message that if we can all laugh together, then we can all live together, too!
But once he gets a rhythm going, and gets the audience tuned in to it, it's hard not to get swept up.
What now for Hollywood, which is bruising from the #OscarsSoWhite controversy while Kevin Hart shows up everywhere like he's the Orphan Black?
Are you a Kevin Hart fan? Then drop everything and rush to see this movie. Are you not a Kevin Hart fan? Then move along, there's nothing here to see...
Kevin Hart: What Now? is Kevin Hart at the top of his game. I just wish I had skipped the opening act the way I normally skip the previews.
If you grew up on the likes of Pryor, Carlin, Murphy and others, this might not come off as brilliant, but it's still an enjoyable enough diversion. (Full Review for Parents - Sexual Content, Profanity, etc. - Also Available)
It takes a lot of Chutzpah to get up there for an hour and a half and tell stories loaded with F-bombs and vulgarities that have no hint of humor or even make sense. How to treat a date who doesn't have a shoulder? Lemme outa here!
Not as great as Feel My Pain or Let Me Explain, but still great fun.
What Now? may not represent the height of Hart's comedic cleverness, but it will no doubt appeal to his devoted and ever-growing fan base.
Raunchy but funny stand-up movie has swearing, racy stories.
Not every joke hits the comedy sweet spot, but thanks to Hart's outsized personality, singular delivery and self-confident on-stage swagger, they all come reasonably close.
As a barely extended stand-up special that seems better fit as an HBO or Pay-Per-View event, Kevin Hart: What Now? isn't worth the prices most theaters charge for admission.
There's a comfort to be found in Hart's skyrocketing mobility that makes America clap and cheer and howl along. It hardly matters that his jokes aren't that funny, or that he runs hack-y catchphrases into the ground for cheap laughs.
"What Now?" is packed with laughs. What's missing is a little bit of heart.
As the current reigning king of comedy, Hart shows no signs of abandoning his throne any time soon.
Hart is a triple-threat comedian. He's a vocal wizard, a rubber-faced expression artist and, like John Cleese of Monty Python fame, he has the physical chops that allow him to wring laughs out of various and sundry ways of simply walking funny.
Overall during his stand up, the directors never manage to capture Hart's... well, heart.
Raucous and profane, Kevin Hart: What Now? is a quick fix for [Kevin Hart's] many fans and consistently diverting fun for everyone else.
Unless you're a loyal Hart fan, his latest concert film won't bowl you over.
an entertaining and sporadically very funny diversion provided by a charismatic comedian
If you think Kevin Hart is funny -- as I do -- you'll laugh frequently, as I did. If you don't, you're not going to this movie in the first place, are you?
The first half had me in stitches of helpless hilarity, but by the time comic Kevin Hart wrapped up his latest standup concert film with a series of tasteless sex jokes, I wanted out.
I would strongly suggest that only those people who are already on-board with Hart's profane, raucous, scatological and often rude family humour go to see this film. If you feel neutral or negative already,
Hart has suggested that this may be his final stand-up film. If so, he could hardly deliver a better farewell.
So screamingly funny, your own raucous laughter just may drown out some of Hart's lines. Rewind needed here.
Even if his jokes don't all land, his train of thought is all you need for an entertaining performance that is funny, angry and sometimes just weird.
At times throughout this concert film, Kevin Hart's brash honesty about himself can feel liberating.
Sometimes raw but mostly just raucous, Hart generally pulls it off in his third concert film ...
This movie is not quite the comic event it relentlessly advertises in its opening and closing moments. But it is a reminder of the talent behind the hubris.
Here's what matters most: You will laugh.
Nobody works harder at getting a laugh than Kevin Hart. It's exhausting to watch.
If you dig Hart's stuff, you'll probably love the movie.
The movie is a good representation of Mr. Hart's comedy, but not a perfect one ...
Hart's exuberance make him a captivating performer-and his energetic delivery helps even the most mediocre jokes land.
Most fans will leave the theater happy. But it's hard to imagine anyone quoting this special next month, much less in 30 years.
But the humor, as it always has, revolves around Hart's slightly bratty self-preservation instincts - he digs deep into vulnerabilities and what could be perceived as his flaws as a parent and partner to draw out the laughs.
Hart says "What Now?" will be his last stand-up film. Turning a one-man show into a cast-of-thousands spectacle is one way to go out with a bang.
Despite a tacked-on framing device that mostly falls flat, Kevin Hart: What Now? proves to be a laugh riot thanks to the comedian's high-energy delivery and the broad spectrum of relatable topics he integrates into his set.
Even if Hart has become enough of a big shot to get Halle Berry and Don Cheadle to play along with the 007 spoof that opens the movie, he's still frank and funny enough to relate to the folks in the cheap seats.
The comedian's delivery, high-energy throughout, helps him put over material that is funny but hardly justifies the record-setting receipts of Hart's 2016 tour.
A little of this is funny, but a lot of it raises the question: Why is the new king of comedy working so hard to grab and hold our attention? Is he secretly worried he's going to lose it?
An increasingly rich and accomplished comic still works for his laughs, with edge, antic energy and polished stage patter.

@highlight

Kevin Hart: What Now? packs in enough of the comedian's infectious energy to more than compensate for the lulls in a stand-up set that doesn't quite rank with his best.