Swedish Forrest Gump + caper comedy has violence, language.
Altogether it's pretty weird, a mishmash of ideas and atonal moments that is far less than the sum of its parts.
If you're looking for a light-hearted, amusing take on the idiotic behaviour of mankind, this will suit you well.
Surreal and very silly.
The 100 Year-Old Man Who Climbed Out the Window and Disappeared is gleefully amoral, never more so than when ruminating on how families are formed.
It sets itself up as satire but then has nothing much to say.
... (a) quirky, whimsical life-spanning comedy...
There's a strange, almost perverse lesson here about a well-lived life, how Allan manages to move through life without regret or fear. He's crossed every item off his bucket list - and then blown up the bucket.
It's never explained what Allan's mental state is, other than lovable geriatric rascal-itis, an irritating trope that hardly constitutes a certifiable condition.
Superficially colorful, but a dark comedy at heart.
While The 100-Year-Old-Man makes pit stops all over the world, it already feels a little too Hollywood.
"The 100-Year-Old-Man" is wonderfully inventive, silly fun.
A cute walk through history with an unwilling history-maker.
The 100-Year-Old Man... still entertains for the majority of its running time, but it feels like two separate movies, a dual shaggy dog story stitched together like Frankenstein's monster, never breaking free of its quirky literary origins.
This Swedish offering is about as lighthearted and inconsequential as a dark comedy dealing with mass murder and nihilistic destruction can possibly get.
Any movie in which a drunken Joseph Stalin plays the trombone can't be all bad.
This peripatetic farce practically propels itself.
It seems destined for a Hollywood remake, which is likely to be more polished but not nearly as weirdly charming.
Mostly the movie is mild and subdued, provoking more boredom than laughter.
It's not that The 100-Year-Old Man doesn't have its pluses. The cast is totally game for this nonsense, and some of the comic riffs are truly inspired... But in the end, Herngren's film is simply too much of a good thing.
Irreverent and filled with slapstick, it's an absurdist comic fable.
Herngren's hyper-plotty story goes from testing credulity to utterly insulting it, as incident piles on to incident in an ever-escalating cascade of you-won't-believe-what-happens-nexts.
Droll and whimsical, for the most part it's good fun, a modern take on the old Ealing template.
Eccentric, wry and highly entertaining.
Perhaps most of the humor just doesn't translate (the film was a smash hit in Sweden). Whatever the case, the script needed to mine more comedy from the characters, not the clownish plot machinations.
Like a cross between Forrest Gump and a Jonathan Winters character, this Swedish centenarian bumbles his way through international events.
I have no reason to doubt that all of this goes down as sweetly as a box of chocolates in Stockholm, but here, its charm is lost in translation.
This movie, as it happens, is a comedy, but it's a frequently grisly one, and one that makes rollicking fun of a lot of dark Swedish preoccupations.
The film genre that might be called Old People Behaving Hilariously gets an appealing new entry with "The 100-Year-Old Man Who Climbed Out the Window and Disappeared," a sometimes daffy, often droll Swedish movie.
It's a hoot and a half.
Very satisfying.
Herngren mines a surprising number of laughs from the complications of translation in a film that jumps language barriers with such frequency.
The 100-Year-Old Man surely won't conquer the U.S. box office, but it's a nice change of pace to see a foreign film that isn't deadly serious. We could use more subtitled belly laughs.
"Man" covers the world and plays games with time, yet it eventually comes off dull, providing a persistent weightlessness that only makes the epic all the more forgettable.
The 100-Year-Old Man's equal-opportunity irreverence doesn't often translate to cleverness.
Robert Gustafsson has been called "the funniest man in Sweden." Meh. Must be an acquired taste.
Emphatically urging you to laugh, it inspired -- in this reviewer, at least -- barely so much as a chuckle.
It might take a while to say the title, but it's only seconds before this Swedish comic gem gets a laugh.
The title sounds like a drab "Marigold Hotel" snoozer, but this comedy is a start-to-finish rocket-speed riot.
We like Allan because he's self-confident without being self-absorbed. He's empathetic without being maudlin, and he's entirely unconcerned with what anyone thinks about him.
The 100-Year-Old Man is like the box of chocolates you've had and enjoyed once before. You do know exactly what you're going to get, but that doesn't make it any less tasty.
You probably never thought there would be a cross between Woody Allen's Zeilig with Tom Hanks' Forrest Gump. Still less that it would be a Swedish black comedy.
Aiming for charm but too often settling for slapstick ...
It's not laugh-out-loud funny, but it's consistently amusing.
The Hundred-Year-Old Man Who Climbed Out the Window and Disappeared can hardly disappear from cinemas soon enough.
A whirlwind comedy of absurdist humour, zany happenstance and good old slapstick.
Humour notoriously doesn't travel well, but rarely have I seen a comedy quite as unfunny as Felix Herngren's The Hundred-Year-Old Man Who Climbed Out of the Window and Disappeared.
A comedy with humour as absurd as the length of its title.
Though the movie's mix of the whimsical and the weird will not be to all tastes, there is still much to recommend here if you love an out-there in-joke or two.
I thought it was a bit turgidly directed. It could have had a brisker pace and I'm not into this picaresque, cute thing.
The plotting is clever and the film, directed by Felix Herngren, is handsomely produced and nothing if not amiable, while the supporting cast - especially Mia Skaringer's warm-hearted Gunilla - is very good company.
This uplifting, crowd pleasing entertainment is a road movie, a character study, a wild adventure and black comedy all rolled into one. It's a helluva ride.
Felix Herngren's adaptation of Jonas Jonasson's best- selling novel is undermined by a fatal lack of charm.
A soundtrack of bubbling brass and some lively cinematography keep the fires of mischief lit. Daft and delightful.
If it were up to me this would be called The 100-Year-Old Man Who Climbed Out the Window, Fell, and Was Never Heard From Again.
With echoes of Forrest Gump and Zelig, this jaggedly funny Swedish adventure traces the life of a centenarian who interacts with key figures throughout the 20th century.
What we're left with is a peculiar example of the regional specificity of humour; a reminder that there's nothing so particular as that which makes a nation laugh.
The film piles one ludicrous incident upon another, yet the escalating absurdity just gets funnier and funnier.
Like its title, The Hundred Year-Old Man Who Climbed Out the Window and Disappeared is shaggy and ramshackle, but there's enough playful imagination on display to easily make this a worthwhile recommendation.
[Suffers from] uneven tone and thuddingly unfunny historical satire ...
The screen adaptation does full justice to the book, transforming it into a winningly absurd, freewheeling fable that comes close to being a Swedish Forrest Gump.
This picaresque European fantasy has an element of knockabout black comedy that can't conceal its Sweet'N Low taste of sentimentality and whimsy, and a certain condescension towards old people.
Misty-eyed and faux mischievous nostalgia romp adapted from a literary smash hit.
An unlikely adventure story involving gangsters, elephants, and a very old, slightly amoral man.
The film is poorly scripted and built around a mirthless performance by Robert Gustafsson, a less-than-100-year-old actor whose face has undergone seeming vulcanisation.
An absurdist mock epic that is hilarious, outrageous, and completely insane. It's like a bonkers Swedish Forrest Gump.
It's a silly romp, but the loopy novelty of it can be very entertaining.
An amiable mess.
This film is yet another gem to come out of Scandinavian cinema.
A film that might not always make sense, but is never dull.
Coincidence and absurdity drive this latter-day Candide's amusing, episodic misadventures and the satirical look back at international relations in the 20th century is lightly handled.
An absurdist escapade that's quirky fun but not as side-splitting as it thinks it is. Still, it benefits from entertaining complications and attractive production values.
Alan's life weaves through significant events of the 20th century, recalling naïve, hilarious and unrelentingly ridiculous encounters with Franco, Stalin and Oppenheimer, among others.
This is a rare incidence of a film adaptation that is much more successful than its source, as director Felix Herngren gets the balance of callously dark humour and playful, silly storytelling just right.

@highlight

Its efforts to earn laughs can be as ungainly as its title, but for viewers in tune with its absurdist humor, The 100-Year-Old Man Who Climbed Out the Window and Disappeared offers much to recommend.