We finally see the ugliness at the heart of a conservative romance narrative like the Twilight series.
You can argue about the feminist implications of the movie all day long (call me, I'd love to!), but at least in terms of horror, it seems that Condon and company are finally ready to freak out the tweens, and that makes me happy.
Even the addition of an Oscar-winning director in Bill Condon ("Kinsey," "Gods and Monsters") fails to save what is essentially a padded-out tale of all-consuming love and loyalty.
I can't even begin to parse all the creepy, anti-sex, body-horror abortion issues bubbling around the ugly subtext.
For those still in possession of their wits, this film is not only the worst of the Twilight flicks so far, but just about the most melodramatic and insipid movie I've ever watched.
The worst film in the "saga." Utter camp.
These movies have become one big joke, with hokey acting, slapdash visuals and Kindergarten dialogue. It felt like such a parody that it might as well have been directed by those jerks who made DISASTER MOVIE and EPIC MOVIE.
Breaking Dawn - Part 1 transfers pivotal events from the source material to the screen but fails to translate those events into a competent two-hour movie experience.
This film was made for the fans as they're going to be the only ones able to appreciate it, despite it not having any redeeming qualities whatsoever.
Dialogue howlers and largely soapy, melodramatic performances abound.
As a movie, this isn't terrible; none of them have been, really. Each film has gotten a director who has tried to do something simple and honest with Meyer's tormented material.
I don't want to live on this planet anymore.
Entertainingly bad. In fact, it's the funniest movie we've seen this year even though it isn't a comedy (we think).
Easily Meyer's most insane bit of over the top and giddily silly prose, the basic truth is not a heck of a lot happens here.
If I can say anything for the film, it's that it delivers exactly what the legions of Twi-hards want and expect--or what 'Team Edward' wants, anyway.
Terribly broken.
Bill Condon gives the series' fans what they have shown they want: uneven storytelling, maudlin dialog and decidedly one-note performances.
Bella makes her way toward "the kingdom where nobody dies" by being rather ingeniously resilient, completely predictable and frustrating, punished and punishing. She's 18, again and still.
Whatever momentum the third film had in this series, it's gone. Once again, it's an average soap opera.
This penultimate "Twilight" film is the best in the series so far. It's languorous, romantic, moody, and, in the end, horrifying.
Twilight series nears the end
For a movie about life-sucking vampires and flesh-ripping werewolves, there sure is an inordinate focus on the birds and the bees.
This slow-moving film has long periods of inaction and generates little suspense, making it the worst film in the "Twilight Saga" films so far.
Director Bill Condon, prostituting himself, flirts with teen porn ...
At least Jacob seems to understand the contradiction inherent in the insistence that coldblooded undeath is just another lifestyle choice.
How else to explain a wedding gown designed by Carolina Herrera in a town where the average gown is designed by Cooter and Otis Herrera.
drags along too slowly to give it much impact and instead engenders little more than impatience
Dawnfinally gives viewers something to sink their teeth into.
Screenwriter Melissa Rosenberg continues her long tradition of scripting staggeringly banal, subtext-free dialogue and grasping at the profundity of her betters by quoting poetry in the prologues.
It won't disappoint the legions of "Twihards" who turned out for midnight Friday shows at theaters all across the country, including the Quad-Cities.
Twilight series dims - non fans stay away
Almost sort of liked it.
Tedious and toothless and feels at numerous moments more like a Saturday Night Live spoof that a proper continuation of the series.
Bella é a candidata ideal a uma arrasadora depressão pós-parto. Mas com um marido sexualmente ambíguo e um melhor amigo pedófilo, quem não seria?
There's less cringeworthy dialogue and Condon does a better job visually telling the story, but it's hard to make a riveting two-hour film when the main conflict seems completely arbitrary.
In the context of America's continued puritanical obsession with sexual repression, the "Twilight" movies come across as so much Kool-aid propaganda.
Condon can only do so much with the material at hand -- especially in this case, where maybe an hour of plot is stretched out to 117 minutes.
Breaking Dawn starts to confirm my theory that Twilight is just a tamer version of The Story of O.
They have saved the best for last. This movie is totally romantic and its three leads are at their best. This will delight 'Twilight' fans and bring in new converts.
It's precisely three shots in that Taylor Lautner takes his shirt off, if that's your thing, and in all honesty I don't suppose that there can possibly be a more legitimate reason to see the movie.
Put a stake in this franchise.
Banal, bloodsipping installment to this far-fetched fantasy.
The storyline reached a new depth and is everything every fan will desire.
A wolf council with dubbed growls may be the most ludicrous scene of the year, but a rumble with chic vampires punching CGI werewolves comes close.
Suggested solely for Twilight diehards, this underwhelming, unfunny melodrama amounts to little more than an uneventful setup for next year's grand finale.
Yet another rather odd and protracted stepping stone to the ultimate finale ... it's a done deal for Meyer and co who are laughing all the way to the bank.
The occasionally amusing Twilight Saga finds a new low with the dramatically inert, painfully dull Breaking Dawn Part 1.
The most engaging Twilight movie yet.
[T]hey play chess a lot before they have sex. And after, too.
A boring mess that exists only to milk the fans that made the series a success, but is so unsexy and just plain weird that even the most devoted Twihards stand to be disappointed or grossed out, or possibly, both.
Color us stoked that a Twilight movie even strays into evil-fetus territory.
The last twenty minutes of Breaking Dawn are so harrowing that it's possible to forget that most of the acting is soap-operatic (the guy who plays Carlisle is aging to look like Liberace) and the dialogue from hunger.
In director Bill Condon's skilled hands, this instalment proves more intimate, confining its action to kids in rooms wrestling with the consequences of their own crushes.
Can someone please, for the love of god, tell me why everyone falls in love with this woman? What does she do? What are her hopes and dreams for the future? Can't stand Bella. When she and Edward are not on camera, I like the movie well enough.
...as far as shameless cash-grabs go, Breaking Dawn: Part 1 is far easier to stomach than certain other franchise-extending installments (eg the Star Wars prequels).
A freak show of bodily trauma, with a great gooey gob of pedophilia slapped on the end of this feature, which requires another visit to the multiplex in a year's time to complete. I'll make sure to update my shots beforehand.
th diarkeia ths tainias apoteloyn paratetamena solarismata dianohtikhs kathysterhshs, kai paratetamena solarismata egkefalikhs dyskoiliothtas
If you're on neither Team Edward nor Team Jacob, however, nothing in 'Breaking Dawn' will win you over.
It raises more laughs at the back of the stalls than hairs on the back of the neck.
The earth moves for Bella and Edward moves heaven and earth to save her...fans will be satisfied by the romantic nature of things, although the scale narrows with considerably less bite from the vampires and a shortage of werewolves' snarls
A film dealing with vampires, werewolves and forbidden love should be exciting to watch, yet this one moves along slower than a snail's pace.
Stretches a 50-minute story into almost two hours of lustful glances, bitter recriminations and CGI-heavy battles between bloodsuckers and their werewolf rivals, all underscored with a soundtrack of angst-ridden rock and pop.
The action sequences are ludicrous, the werewolves mostly just bounding, then bounding again, while the vampire trick of just moving ever so fast soon becomes just ever so tiresome.
I do wonder if seeing Bella turn into a near anorexic with a face that's bordering on Gollum might have subliminal implications for some vulnerable teenage girls.
Darker, sexier, sharper - a neat next step.
Let's hope they can wrap everything up with a better film than this one.
Critiques really have no weight when it comes to films like this. The haters are gonna hate, the fans are gonna love, and everyone else will check the movie listings and their own wallets before deciding if this is the best option for a night on the town.
The fourth book is so expansive that the filmmakers made the right call in splitting it into two parts. Stewart, Pattinson & Lautner have come to be genuine embodiments of the three major characters. The pacing is spot on with a...
For a film that revolves around the needs of and desires of creatures who are slaves to their hunger for the red stuff, Breaking Dawn is bloodless.
I'm curious to find out what happens next, if only to see if it's as bafflingly weird as Part 1 suggests.
A surprisingly entertaining romp.
The wedding might delight fans the way some people marvel at watching a royal wedding. But that's another phenomenon that I don't quite understand.
It's not even fun bad like the trashy Vampire's Kiss. It's just bland, slow, and boring to those of us not on Team Edward or Team Jacob.
Breaking Dawn Part 1 is such a slow-moving, overstuffed chore of a movie, it is barely even worth calling a "bridging film." All you do is wait and wait and wait.
Throughout the series, Meyer's lurid take on teenage passion has shone through as one of the ugliest and most insidious messages ever sent to its target demographic.
Is this really what Twilight fans want? Two characters drooling over and on each other for half the movie and not much else?
The bloated franchise's worst film without question, the fourth "Twilight" popcorn flick is a futile exercise on the disappointment of anti-climactic waiting. It doesn't sparkle or shine. It flickers, and then disappointingly dies.
There's plenty of stupidity... from talking wolves and geisha-like vampire make-up to the most uncomfortable newborn baby moment this side of A Serbian Film.
It is very focused on the idea of Not Pissing Off The Fans By Getting It Wrong. As a relative outsider, I found that this mentality sucked all the life out of the film.
Honestly, you can sneak into the movie an hour-and-a-half in and not miss anything.
So party on Twi-hards, you have no apologies to make for your love of this pulpy, romantic saga; just don't take it personally when the rest of us decide to party elsewhere.
...a bad film, a self-aware one, for sure, but a bad one none-the-less.
It all goes wrong just when it should go right.
Melodrama reigns in this supernatural soap opera, even though author Stephanie Meyer's tale takes a decided turn toward the weird and violent.
Meyer's subtext transitions from being pro-abstinence into anti-sex. It's one thing to gussy up teenage anxieties over the loss of virginity; it's another to punish Bella's deflowering with death.
If there was ever a franchise that plays like a TV soap opera with a climatic ending that leaves the audience wanting more, it's this one. If you have seen the previous three films, then you go into 'Breaking Dawn - P1,' already hooked in from the start.
What becomes clear is that while the bisecting of J.K. Rowling's hefty tome was artistically defensible, here, there's no such creative imperative.
There really is no polishing a Twilight movie, which by design will have to be both silly and terribly boring.
This latest Twilight is a freakish hybrid: part medical horror, part cheesy Victoria's Secret catalogue shoot.
This is a well-made film, though sometimes unintentionally funny.
There are a few reasons The Twilight Saga: Breaking Dawn -- Part 1 is probably the best of the Twilight films.
For those of us who are not Twilight fanatics, or even fans, or could not care somewhat less than less, the arrival of Part 1 is not cause for trumpets blaring. But I would imagine that even those who line up for this film will be somewhat let down.
Sexy honeymoon, disturbing pregnancy dominate latest movie.
By any normal standard, this is a terrible movie, with stilted dialogue and leaden pacing -- every 15 minutes or so, the action stops for a musical montage involving slow-motion handsomeness. But the Twilight saga stopped being normal a long time ago.
Here's hoping Breaking Dawn Part Two gives us more of what Part One provided in the final 30 minutes than what it forced viewers to endure to get there.
A torturous slog through endless pages of Bridal Wet Dream magazine.
It's essentially one insufferably long pregnancy sequence sandwiched between a sweet wedding and gruesome birth
A story about an abusive boyfriend's attempts at wrestling a girl from her friends, family and one prospective healthy love interest, and her burgeoning realisation that her man is a monster.
As much of an homage to old timey experimental shlock horror as broad blockbusters can get ... I recommend Twilight virgins see BD1 as a stand-alone work.
Some nice moments, but not enough of them.
The tagline states, 'Forever is only the beginning ...' After viewing this lifeless pap for mere minutes, we realize that it's not a slogan at all. It's a warning.
The worst entry in the series thus far, Twilight: Breaking Dawn Part 1 is a toothless vampire film which plays slave to its tween demographic.
Sappy melodramatics are constantly on full display, the performances are distractingly exaggerated and the dialogue is so ridiculously cheesy it could force Kraft to file for bankruptcy ... yet, for some odd reason, I was kind of entertained.
Exposes the weakest parts of what many fans acknowledge is the most problematic of the four books, with too much focus on some of the story's most outlandish absurdities.
Nothing I say is going to discourage even one fan from forking out the dough to see this awful (for non-fans) film.
Breaking Dawn -- Part 1, directed by Bill Condon, allows the lead trio to make their largest leaps yet into maturity.
The finished product allows the audience to take it as as seriously as it takes itself and/or laugh at its inherently ridiculous retro romance. No matter which side you're on, you wind up winning.
[It] was supposed to be climactic. Instead, it's the most jumbled and tonally confused movie yet.
"TBD-1" is smartly directed by Bill Condon ("Gods and Monsters," "Dreamgirls") in a straight forward manner that keeps the film from bogging down in its last act.
This is the one where things start to get silly.
The climactic clash between vampires and werewolves is over in a brief flurry of fangs and fur. What little action there is, however, is so poorly staged by new director Bill Condon that you're actually relieved there isn't more.
The Twilight Saga: Breaking Dawn Part 1 might be the most beautiful and well made bad film in history.
'Twilight' is to real horror as cotton candy is to real food, but only if the cotton candy is spun out of arsenic and crystal meth.
One of the glummest, lifeless movies of the year, it is gray and bleak, even when the sun is shining.
Tepid when it needs to be steamy, and the pace is excruciatingly sluggish
A half-human and half-vampire fetus is no easy pregnancy. Will Bella die? Will the baby die? Where's Dakota Fanning? Where's Lautner's shirt? Who cares? It's 'Twilight'! The cast could speak an alien language for two hours and fans would be happy.
[T]he movie resolves everything of any obvious importance by the end, so, again, what's the point of this story?
Appalling by pretty much every measure.
Stretches forty-five minutes of material to two hours in order to satisfy the ignorant two-parter conclusion.
At this point in the story, the characters can't simply be innocent in order for the plot to work - they have to be naïve. Edward Cullen is 120 years old. He has no excuse for being naïve.
Bella shifts from her intended stance of antiheroine to something close to antimatter in The Twilight Saga: Breaking Dawn Part 1.
A stylistic addition to a series about an impossible romance, the power of family and the lengths people will go to in order to fight for what they believe in.
Shamelessly cheesy, drawn-out and over-the-top as it is, The Twilight Saga: Breaking Dawn - Part 1 is big, bombastic popcorn entertainment that knows exactly what the fans want, and delivers it in epic style.
It's based on a series of truly idiotic novels which, whilst works of an evil marketing genius, are artistic pollutants. Try and avoid getting dragged along to this one.
Condon is directing Breaking Dawn -- Part 2. Let's hope he realises it is broken and that he does fix it.
It goes without saying that this is silly stuff played for maximum solemnity, because that's the Twilight series in a nutshell. You either love it with every fiber of your being or dismiss it as pathetic pap for simpering virgins.
What remains is the total conviction that the ludicrous scenes are dead serious and fiercely meaningful. The result is not quite a laugh a minute, but close.
Romanticizing an intimate relationship that leaves bruises and scars is a particularly terrible idea in a film aimed at girls. Talking about this is tiresome, but then so is putting it in the movie.
Condon pulls it off about as well as anybody could.
If you insist on seeing the entire, seemingly never-ending 117 minutes, though, you're going to spend at least 87 of those minutes bored out of your mind.
The sexless, bloodless, padded and plodding Breaking Dawn, Part 1 is the worst Twilight movie to date.
Endearingly bizarre, and featuring the usual fan-service in the form of topless hotties running through forests - you just wish it was a slightly better movie, given the Hammer Horror promise of the pregnancy premise.
Director Bill Condon may have been hampered by the original material, but he does nothing to help it along.
In several scenes, characters play chess, but the film itself is as complex as "Chutes and Ladders," and just as suspenseful.
The Twilight Saga hasn't matured along with its heroine. In fact, the latest movie regresses a bit, delivering more filler, less feeling and crummier CGI than last year's Eclipse.
Breaking Dawn - Part 1 and the upcoming Part 2 were both directed by Dreamgirls' Bill Condon, who keeps the lunacy moving apace.
Of the four Twilight movies, Breaking Dawn -- Part I has the most going on and the most going for it.
After the enjoyable previous instalment, to my mind the best in the series, director Bill Condon's film is a step backwards in quality.
It's all drawn-out and flat (even more so than is typical for the franchise), delivered at a slow, plodding pace that seems designed solely to stretch things out to two hours.
Fangirls, you have nothing to be ashamed of.
A satisfying culmination of emotions that have been building in this supernatural fantasy saga as Bella the human and Edward the vampire marry and face a critical decision.
It's like "Roadhouse" for women. As irresistible as it is ridiculous.
It makes you wonder if splitting the book in two parts was such a good idea.
Will Condon's movie convert agnostics to Stephenie Meyer's Twilight cult?
Sexy, silly, scary and stupid, the movie's tonal balancing act amounts to an Evil Dead for tween romantics.
It breaks my heart to tell you that "Breaking Dawn" is broken.
Considering that this is the book where Stephanie Meyers's sexual repression finally lets rip in a totally weird tale ...the movie adaptation is often akin to watching paint dry with lousy CGI effects and a thoroughly insipid musical score.
The good news? Now that all of the tedious exposition has been gotten, glacially, out of the way, "Part II" will probably be terrific.
To my taste, savvy Hollywood veteran Bill Condon debuts as director of the two-part Twilight conclusion in satisfying fashion, delivering a voluptuous if often inert spectacle that splits the difference between high camp and decadent romance.
It may be impossible for anyone but existing fans to take this seriously, but for the unconverted, it's still a legitimately engaging, gape-worthy nutso spectacle.
It's the most imaginative picture in the franchise, and I say that as a fan of the first picture, Catherine Hardwicke's Twilight, an irony-free adolescent romance that took the idea of teenage erotic fantasy seriously.
easily the worst of the mostly awful Twilight films
You can't blame a film based on a book for adhering to the book's idiotic storyline. You can, however, blame it for sucking as a movie.
Twilight isn't a saga, it just sags.
Breaking Dawn - Part 1 as a whole feels stretched-out, as if the filmmakers realized belatedly that there wasn't enough material in the book to sustain two movies. (There isn't).
Condon delivers the most authoritatively directed Twilight film so far, which only brings into sharp relief how tonally incoherent its story is.
It's all a lot of fun. For some movies you don't need intelligence, you just need faith, gullibility and a state of happy surrender.
[An] oddly joyless affair centred on an 18-year-old girl voluntarily destroying herself from the inside out, this might work as a standalone horror piece with a stronger directorial hand. As a so-called epic love story, it leaves a bad taste in the mouth.
The worst part of these movies has always been the moments when those mumbly lovebirds find themselves in a meadow, gazing off into the distance as they dreamily part each other's hair. There's a lot of that sort of moony-eyed action in Breaking Dawn.
This is Meyer's worst offense -- her disturbingly Victorian attitudes about sex and love, which this particular movie falls modestly in lockstep with, even though it concludes years of cinematic foreplay.
Sex and abortion are the main topics of this installment, which tips between dullness and total camp.
The source material is hopeless, that's all there is to it; and the instruments at the director's disposal--from the cast down through the crew--are thoroughly mediocre.
To his credit, Condon takes this risible material as seriously as possible and makes the proceedings as stylish and creepy as he can.
Easily the weakest entry in the series, it's the fault not just of a director who seems to find difficulty connecting to the material, but of a cast that seems to be looking forward to the close of the franchise a whole lot more than fans are.
One is also grateful for the film's finale... which is genuinely brilliant. There, I said it.
Yes, I know, Twilight fans love The Twilight Saga. But they (you?) deserve something better to love.
The dialogue is, of course, ridiculous and the acting ranges from stiff to mopey. But moments that should be pulsating with tension are usually hilarious because the special effects are still just so distractingly cheesy.
The absurdity quotient of the movie begins high and rapidly escalates to bedlam.
Two things are certain: it is one of the worst movies of the year, and it is going to make an awful lot of money.
Hands its reigns over to Oscar-winning filmmaker Bill Condon and, not coincidentally, produces the franchise's sturdiest installment.
Here comes the bride, all dressed in white. Here comes the groom, Mister Hunky McDoom.
Despite expectations, the gifted director Bill Condon is unable to put a peronal signature on this tale, resulting in another disappointing movie to be poorly reviewed but fully embraced by the fans.
As a stand-alone movie it's a mixed bag. But it progresses the story of beloved characters with a reverence for the source material that will doubtlessly please Twi-hards, ushering in a finale that promises to be darker still.
Lautner, who lasts approximately 8 seconds before tearing off his shirt, suggests more than ever that the casting director mistakenly told him he would be playing a robot.
Director Bill Condon has undoubtedly delivered the best of the series since Catherine Hardwicke's first installment a few years back.
The latest and best of the movies about a girl, her vampire and their impossible, ridiculously appealing - yes, I surrendered - love story.
The acting's better than it's ever been, but with the best will in the world, this can't get past the fact that the story's demented.
Whenever certain actors take the lead and set the pace of the dialogue, time itself begins to crawl backward and the breaking dawn begins to feel like yesterday's breaking dawn, or last Tuesday's.
This one draws you close and keeps you there - and, for those of us who haven't read Stephenie Meyer's novel, delivers some surprising turns of plot.
Though director Bill Condon is new to the series, both he and returning screenwriter Melissa Rosenberg have an excellent grasp of their audience's desires, and are determined to meet them in good faith.
Pattinson again stands around looking pale and soulful, while Lautner gets to act more, which is maybe not such a good thing.
Kristen Stewart is really pretty good here, although like almost all actresses she believes pregnant women rub their baby bumps unceasingly.
"Breaking Dawn'' is the series in its fullest Victorian flower. But with Bill Condon directing, the pacing is all wrong. It's "Pride, Prejudice, and Zombies.''
As maddeningly uneven as it is, Breaking Dawn boasts some of the strongest moments yet in a largely lackluster franchise.
Really a half-film, and the boring half at that. Such is the nature of things dubbed "Part 1." It's a film about things that will inevitably happen, but don't until the next, more important part.
So bad it requires talking werewolves.
Fails to inject its few key scenes with any life thanks to a woeful script, poor direction and lacklustre performances, though fans of the franchise should be used to that by now.
OK, Twilight fans! Come and get it! Your second-last instalment in the saga is being served just the way you like it: drab to the eye, bland on the palate, and room-temperature at all times.
A rather good original idea has dwindled into self-parody.
After all that foreplay, the new Twilight saga is a limp anti-climax.
The series is finding momentum as it nears its finale.
The picture sidesteps all opportunities to depict the novel's nuttiness... in an intriguing manner and sands down all the edges to leave us with yet another generic melodrama, in which not a single moment rings true.
The script is flat, cliched and repetitive ("You did this!" yells Jacob. "I love her!" pleads Edward) - which might not matter necessarily as it wasn't much better in the predecessors.
This weekend, millions of people around the globe will be conned into handing over their hard earned cash to see a film with no plot, no action and no climax.
The wolves speak with bizarre half-human, half-canine voices that put me in mind of Scooby-Doo.
The Twilight films manage to cleverly blend melodrama with supernatural thrills, and while the film is not without its silly moments and cringeworthy dialogue it does deliver the drama and emotional highs we have come to expect.
The vampire drama of Twilight is all about the romantic agony of eternity, and this franchise feels like it's going on for ever.
The performances in Breaking Dawn are largely soapy and melodramatic, especially from Lautner and to a lesser degree Pattinson.
All the more disappointing, then, that a story so pregnant with dramatic possibilities should wind up feeling like such an unconsummated opportunity.
An eventful but bloodless first half of the smash series' finale.

@highlight

Slow, joyless, and loaded with unintentionally humorous moments, Breaking Dawn Part 1 may satisfy the Twilight faithful, but it's strictly for fans of the franchise.