Zack Snyder is less concerned with themes and more concerned with theatrics.
It is ferocious and young and exciting.
A memorable film for fans of the genre. [Full review in Spanish]
a pretty solid horror flick
There are scares aplenty in Dawn of the Dead; enjoy them and be well. Twenty years from now, though, I know which version I'll still be watching.
One of the genre's best pure zombie-fest films featuring regular folks against an army of the undead.
Nicely respectful of the original film, this remake amps up the adrenalin-charged action while skimping on the depth to deliver a gripping but empty-headed thrill-ride.
The new version has its share of disturbing moments, but writer James Gunn and director Zack Snyder have stripped away the social satire of the original and put little in its place.
Extremely gory horror movie; not for kids.
Will surely appeal to the easily pleased fraction of horror audiences...
Director Zack Snyder and writer James Gunn have simply traded one set of time-sensitive issues for more contemporary cliches.
The new version of George A Romero's 1979 zombie movie arrives with all the expected technical improvements but abandons the satire that made Romero's film a masterpiece of the genre.
Snyder's style is assaultive, and there's little pleasure to the scares.
The remake of Dawn of the Dead is a fun, gory ride, that makes up for its lack of depth with all out action.
This oddly effective 'reimagining' loses some of the satire but none of the bite of the 1978 George Romero classic.
It's a pretty fun ride.
A more preferable kind of remake than one that simply regurgitates the storyline of the original.
Unfortunately, or perhaps fortunately for those who feared a true desecration of Romero's masterwork, this is only a moderately competent zombie flick.
Guaranteed to induce nightmares!
A notch above what you expect from a Zombie movie.
Truly worthy of that famous title.
The remake, from first-time director Snyder, keeps much of the gore and loads up on the laughs, but eschews all pretence at cultural criticism in favour of high-octane, almost nonstop action.
After some head scratching, it doesn't take too long to have the answer hit you smack dab in the face. The answer, of course, is money, and in Hollywood there is no stronger motivator than the almighty dollar.
At last, a horror remake worth the watch.
Nicely amplifies George A. Romero's 1978 zombies-at-the-mall horror classic.
An example of an MTV horror reinventon done right, Dawn is a loud zombie-filled action fun-fest that's pure theatrical entertainment.
The first 10 minutes make up one of the most exciting beginnings in horror film history.
Less reflective of today's version of mindless horde-driven consumerism and perhaps simply more reflective of today's version of horror movie-making.
Nothing fresh or interesting, and it's not scary after the opening scene.
Un film divertissant et amusant qui risque de plaire au fan de Romero en attendant un nouveau film de sa série.
...as hella scary as any zombie movie ever made, and its intensity never lets up for a second.
The film, one-note and painfully cynical, is all about bloodletting, impalement, slashing, beheadings, flesh-devouring, massive explosions, human roadkill and foul language, all to the max.
Dawn of the Dead feels well-plotted, well-designed, and well-executed, the best American movie from Spring 2004 short of Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind.
It's fast-paced, action packed, and desperately cheesy, but completely free of suspense.
Dawn of the Dead is a gore-ridden action flick with blood and body parts used as punch lines to create a highly enjoyable death fest that everyone who can stomach the sight of blood will enjoy.
A terrifying, perfectly executed piece of grade-A horror that transcends its genre roots even as it resolutely nourishes them.
I'm not even a George Romero enthusiast, and I can clearly see that the new Dawn of the Dead remake is a joke.
This is a leaner, faster-paced movie but it fails to pull the maximum tension out of the storyline and dips seriously in the middle.
Embora fique devendo o comentário social que transformou o filme original em um clássico, Madrugada dos Mortos é uma produção eficiente e divertida que merece aplausos.
Sarah Polly, Ving Rhames, Jake Webber, and Mekhi Phifer come together very well and are believable in an unbelievable situation.
Fun, scary, witty, nerve-wracking, gory, exciting, and jam-packed with sly commentary.
Basically, it's a very well-photographed and edited B-movie, admirably relying less on bass-chord jump scares than mercilessly ratcheted -- and usually character-based -- dramatic and logistical tension.
This one has more pyrotechnical gore, better acting, slicker direction but very few moments when it is scary at all.
These zombies move like the Roadrunner on PCP
... crunchy zombie guilty-pleasure goodness!
When there's no more room in hell, the dead and dumb take over Hollywood and make movies like this
Dawn of the Dead delivers the goods in spades.
...missing the naive fun of the original...
Director Zack Snyder and screenwriter James Gunn have pumped the ultimate horror film into an action movie.
A remake as soulless as the hordes of undead that attack with maddening persistence.
Fiercely funny and utterly horrifying.
Dawn of the Dead is scary as hell.
A rare remake that improves upon the original. The best horror films in years.
Dawn of the Dead is ultra-violent, excessively bloody, and extremely gory - all in a good way. I left the theater feeling pumped full of adrenaline.
For those who were never that sold on Romero's film, the new version emerges as a contender for the year's best horror picture.
Snyder's film isn't likely to be considered a classic 20 years down the road like Romero's film is, but it's a winningly extreme episode in the ongoing adventures of Zombie and Harriet.
Although it's not likely to ever take the place of its predecessor in the hearts of old-school fans, it's not likely to leave them feeling insulted or cheated either
Impressively directed horror flick that delivers everything you could want from a zombie movie: shocks, lashings of gore, a witty, intelligent script, strong characters and some particularly gruesome set-pieces.
This new film has a definite bite, thanks to the superior brand of character actors and the intelligent dialogue,
As the movie unfolds, so do the entrails, which spill in such great red tonnage, this mall will never see another white sale.
The acting is better than necessary, the special effects are savage and persuasive, and the undercranked action scenes are enjoyably frenetic.
Instead of blood-soaked social commentary, it settles for a mischievous mélange of popcorn-flick set pieces -- a few of them admittedly brilliant.
Darkly funny, tense and devastatingly grim, it manages to bring a classic horror back to life without stinking of rot.
A gross-out horror flick that reveals a total contempt for human life and ends on a predictable note of cynicism.
Dawn rises past 28 Days Later as the new millennium's best flesh-eating flick.
In the end, it's just a gross-out, overkill version of Survivor. Instead of eating rats, the humans munch on each other.
Zack Snyder and screenwriter James Gunn...aren't interested in socio-political underpinnings or subtext...but rather want to keep us perpetually on edge and creeped out.
A fun, scary and slick popcorn movie.
The kind of joyous horror-viewing experience where you yell at the screen and cheer for the victims and the zombies with equal venom.
These movies should be remade every decade
Snyder does an excellent, admirably minimalist job of depicting a suburban Spielbergian paradise gone completely insane.
Apparently Armageddon resembles the mosh pit at a Korn concert.
This remake does not want to annoy us with philosophical trappings. There is no sociological subtext.
The first 10 minutes are as good as anything I've seen this year --alas, the rest is best viewed late on Friday night after a crap day at work and several beers.
That rare bird: a remake that actually succeeds on its own terms.
Only gore-thirsting teens will be satisfied.
"When there're no more original ideas in Hollywood, the studios will opt to remake." And, in first-time director Zack Snyder's case, poorly.
The only thing that has improved with the remake is the quality of the blood.
Their efforts to survive make them human, but they can only confront more of the same, deadish or aliveish.
With a chainsaw number that easily enters my top-five-kill-scenes-of-all-time-list, I say bring on the sequels
Melding video game dynamics into big screen action, it's as much a product of its time as the original, but one with, ironically, a consumer-tested appeal.
The gory, adults-only "Dawn of the Dead" can serve as a day brightener in certain situations. At least, that's how it was for my husband and me.
This is an impatient film, keyed to the tempo of short attention spans, relying on quick setups and quicker payoffs.
There's plenty of blood, guts, flying limbs, loud music, high body count, and even a bit of nudity in the end...good times.
... bloody good fun.
A non-nutritious junk food snack compared to Romero's feast of gore and metaphor.
Zombies chase, heroes shoot, brains explode all over the wall. Rinse and repeat.
Not so much a remake of George A Romero's 1978 classic as a recycling of the premise.
...a killer thriller that has an over-the-top raw presence that stimulates and takes its observers on a tumultuous trip through its perverse playground
For those who enjoy tight, tense, graphic horror, this movie offers an ample helping.
The so-called zombie baby, promised in the film's trailer, is emblematic of the film's refusal to take risks.
It's BORING, and movies shouldn't be that way, especially extreme horror films.
reimagining the zombies as fast, proactive attackers makes for some truly scary horror, but it also deprives the film of the nuance Romero was able to instill in his zombies
Scene after scene of near-misses, direct hits and incredibly tense confrontations with the undead, all conceived and executed with pulse-pounding efficiency.
The only enjoyment I had was in making a body count of the dead and guessing who would be the final survivors.
Vid-game style shoot-ups displace needed character development.
Soups up the zombies, takes the gross-factor to eleven, and has a lot of cheeky in-jokes about its predecessor.
There are dozens of zombie movies out there that AREN'T remakes, and this one's easily more entertaining than just about all of 'em.
Le 2e meilleur remake d'un film d'horreur de tous les temps, après The Thing.
Dawn of the Dead is creepy, smart, classy moviemaking. The film takes no prisoners in its sole goal to scare you silly.
It more than surpasses the original.
Has many of the elements that made the first Dawn so darkly entertaining.
Whereas the resonance of Romero's film (and of 28 Days Later) derived from its ability to involve auds emotionally with a few spartan protagonists, here viewers don't spend enough time with any of the characters to feel such a connection.
A buzzed-up gloss on the original, it's entertaining -- if fundamentally shallow.
[Sarah Polly] pretty much owns the picture, beginning with a slam-dunk prologue that establishes right off that this isn't your dad's Dawn, despite a plot that hews fairly closely to the original movie.
Romero's satire is largely replaced by a sardonic gallows humor... but otherwise it's a bloody entertaining zombie apocalypse.
The new Dawn won't be revered like the old one, but if there's a sequel, I'll shamble instinctively to the theater.
It's silly, witty and good-natured, not scary so much as icky, and not horrifying or horrible but consistently amusing.
Funny and dark and massively entertaining.
Some of the movie is wickedly funny, some just wicked.
Save your quarters for the video game.
Tense, bloody, funny and smart; lacks original's conscience, but it's still a surprisingly gritty remake.
A remake of the 1978 George Romero cult-classic, it has no purpose of its own, except to exploit the latest advances in gore effects.
The remake adds little to the genre and doesn't bother with character development.
The joke isn't fresh, but it holds up well in this crackling remake of George Romero's 1978 sequel to Night of the Living Dead.
The remake shows all the guts of the original, but there's not a glimpse of its brains or its heart.
Faster, leaner and more compact than the original.
This new version of Dawn of the Dead reflects our times about as well as George Romero's 1978 horror classic did its own.
A pretty decent way to cannibalize a classic.
A banquet of creepy delights.
A splendidly nasty piece of horror filmmaking.
You know Snyder isn't the guy for the job about five minutes into the proceedings.
A big chomping horror delight, Dawn of the Dead reworks director George Romero's zombie classic with gobs of blood, buckets of black humor and enough cocky style to induce giggles between shivers.
[A] nifty little thriller whose tone is somewhat surprising for a major studio release.
Scarier, funnier and more entertaining than it has a right to be.
One of the scarier horror films to come along in quite some time.
'Fun' moments do peek through the rising piles of bodies, but Dawn can't quite sustain interest because it becomes repetitive and overwhelming.
Smarter, tighter and far scarier, start to finish [than the original].
Dawn of the Dead works and it delivers just about what you expect when you buy your ticket.
The new Dawn of the Dead moves along with speed and slick visual style, but it's soulless and anonymous as -- well, a shopping mall.
Few of the original movie's political and philosophical preoccupations (abortion, capitalism, patriotism, individualism) remain. Instead, the remake feels like the product of the PlayStation era.
... spent too much time with the losers in the mall and not enough with the man-eating freaks outside.
...a masterful horror pic.
"Dawn of the Dead" is a fast paced actioner that will please the fans of Romero's work and attract a whole new gang of gore hounds
Not bad for a movie as disposable as the popcorn it helps spill on theater floors.
Dawn of the Dead certainly won this non-zombie fan and doubter over!
A brilliant, riveting, action-packed remake.
If you are at all squeamish about screen gore, forget about it. But if you enjoy plenty of ketchup on your movie popcorn, you will have a frightfully good time.
This proves that just because a film is about zombies doesn't mean it has to be brain dead.
A good script without any of that banal horror-movie dialog that makes you cringe, a cast that can act, and zombies that are scary and quick without being robotic.
[M]aybe the first slasher/zombie/splatter horror flick that feels like a part of the post-9/11 world, full of a chaotic, why-me panic...
Thanks to the biggest budget ever allocated to a zombie thriller, the R-rated makeup and visual effects are thrilling to behold.
Shame on all involved.
It's a great fright night, just make sure to leave one hand out of the popcorn bucket so you can cover your eyes -- you're gonna need it.
Grim, gory Dead proves a capable, if not superior, remake of the 1978 original.
It's been pumped up with steroid-enhanced direction, but this zombie horror remake's got no soul.
Thoroughly modern remake of 1978 B-movie classic is surprisingly smart and delivers zombie-tastic action-horror thrills.
Originality is an issue, but it's not the issue, and besides: the movie exhibits plenty in the execution, if not in the concept.
What screenwriter James Gunn and director Zach Snyder have ignored was the subversive, satirical touches Romero infused among all the gross carnage.
Intelligent and gripping version that wields the same sledge-hammer horror and wit as the original
Surprisingly, 'Dawn of the Dead' is actually a pretty good film in its own right...as a gory action-horror movie, it gets the job done with speed and efficiency...
A soulless but speedy redo of George A. Romero's two-hour-plus 1979 original about a mall and flesh-eating zombies.
This remake fails to advance the original in any way, shape or form.
Cult horror fans, you can relax -- Universal Pictures has done right by George Romero.
An extremely rare example of a remake being better than its original, even though it lacks the tasty digs at consumerism.
A masterpiece of its genre.
Good zombie fun, the remake of George A. Romero's Dawn of the Dead is the best proof in ages that cannibalizing old material sometimes works fiendishly well.
Dawn of the Dead is a rarity: a horror movie in which every laugh is intentional.
Horror buffs will find plenty of split-second suspense and in-your-face carnage, while others will scramble for the exit as quickly as the characters race away from their apocalyptic foes.
The good news for fans of the mindless flesh-eaters is that the reworked Dawn, while a far more generic piece of entertainment in many ways, still delivers a pretty mean bite as a gross-out/action shockfest.
Dawn of the Dead is just plain fun.
Mr. Snyder's blood feast is strictly by the numbers: this second-rater could be the world's most expensive Troma film.
A shallow but potent gore-gasm that will make audiences scream, whoop, cringe, laugh and yell at the screen.
2004's Dawn of the Dead delivers the entire package, gripping you by the throat before the opening credits have run and never letting go.
Snyder clearly has a good eye for horror and a respect for the history of the genre, and that makes his film far better than you'd expect.
In the first eight or so minutes, Snyder firmly grips you and rarely lets go.
This demographic (predominantly young and male) goes to a zombie movie for one thing and one thing only: increasingly outrageous gross-outs. And Dawn, they'll be glad to hear, doesn't disappoint.
A surprisingly touching parable of community and the human spirit -- a terribly scary parable with a ridiculously high body count.
Gruesome, funny, everything a horror film should be.
Romero's movie was both scary and satiric, but this reprise, directed by British TV-ad wiz Zack Snyder, is neither.
Its graphic gore and brain-splattering violence are definitely not suitable for children or anyone else who's easily upset. If you like campy fright movies, though, this is an unpredictably fun one, right down to the closing credits.
There isn't much here that you haven't encountered in lots of other horror movies, but you'll rarely have seen the familiar elements delivered so effectively.
...a scarier, if simpler, version of what many consider to be the defining picture in the genre.
Snyder takes his horror seriously, and God bless him for it. He has crafted the rarest of remakes: one that might actually surpass the original.
indulge in the delights of Snyder's wild, new, imaginary interpretation
Heretical to even suggest it, Zack Snyder's remake of George A. Romero's Dawn of the Dead surpasses the original in any number of ways.
Better than the original, faster and funnier than 28 Days Later, and just plain entertaining. This flick kicks zombie a**!
Snyder, making a killer feature debut, trades homemade cheesiness for knowing style, revels in the sophistication of modern special effects, and stomps off with the best remake -- er, 're-envisioning' -- of a horror classic in memory.
A cross between a National Rifle Association ad and the infinitely better 28 Days Later.
Bloody good fun.
This is the movie edges of seats were invented for. One of those near perfect horror films that will be scaring people for generations.
While I'll definitely always prefer the original, the remake has earned its place in the dead series.
Doesn't stop to take its breath, and it remains frequently scary in the moment without leaving much to chew on afterwards.



@highlight

A kinetic, violent and surprisingly worthy remake of George Romero's horror classic that pays homage to the original while working on its own terms.