"The Words" is an elegant piece of entertainment, replete with an understated but sweeping score, unexpected period piece vignettes, and melodramatic but universal themes.
The Words is a solid drama that's anchored by one of Cooper's very best performances...
This tedious and needlessly convoluted drama ... just meanders aimlessly.
A movie about a bad author who steals the book of a good author, and I'm pretty certain that The Words, if pressed, wouldn't be able to tell the difference.
It's nothing you haven't seen before in films about struggling artists spending more time obsessing than working.
Its long, dry patches of colourless storytelling suggest it makes more sense as a book, one to read before you fall asleep to dream of better movies.
In a relevant study of plagiarism, influences and lifetime experiences, The Words chiefly reminds us that the past is indelible.
Like a Russian nesting doll, this film tells a story within a story within another story, playing around with fact and fiction, as well as the nature of creative inspiration and integrity.
Nothing, absolutely nothing, makes 'The Words' interesting.
The Words becomes one of the year's most irritating movies.
Engrossing morality tale about lying, guilt and just how great a character actor Jeremy Irons has turned into.
I like the idea but The Words is a little too preachy, too melodramatic for my liking.
This isn't an Oscar-contending powerhouse drama; it's a film dedicated to expressing its message.
Melodrama built on a shallow, contrived literary device.
Literary soapie The Words is mutton dressed as bespectacled lamb.
A fable and a lesson, but it is a thoroughly enjoyable one, delivered with masterful performances and a great sense of storytelling tradition
A wonderful screenplay in which three stories are skilfully interwoven to deliver a rich and satisfying film that questions integrity above all else
Maybe it's the timing of the release, coming at the dead zone of post-summer and pre-fall cinematic fare..but 'The Words' has enough going for it to be recommended.
A dreadful misfire, particularly for Cooper, who is otherwise pursuing an interesting career trajectory away from The Hangover series.
Despite an exposition-heavy outer layer, The Words delivers on 2/3 threads that it presents and offers a somewhat evocative meditation on truth.
One of the meatiest movies of the year ...
Things get confusing whenever Quaid appears as the audience is never sure if he is the real bogus author or if Cooper even exists.
"The Words" seems to have jumbled the lines and created a melodrama that is a sore disappointment.
Bleccch!!!
One of those thoughtful films that arrives after a summer of sequels and superheroes.
The Words is horrible, a smug, self-satisfied piece of over-plotted nonsense that is horribly written and decently acted. Stay far, far away.
A flat, humorless and unconvincing melodrama about a literary fraud.
An empty and cold drama that meanders aimlessly through a multitude of storylines.
The look of the film, the intensity of the stories within stories, the musical score, and above all the nuanced acting by Cooper, Quaid and Jeremy Irons make this more than an ordinary film.
The story within a story, which is kind of within another story, but really about ALL of the stories isn't something that is worth your time.
Employing the murky plot construction of a story within a story within a story, The Words is well acted, thoughtful and too clever by half.
ambitious, but emotionally distanced cinematic appreciation of the mysterious nature of literary art
. . .is under the impression that it is making a profound artistic statement about the creative impulse. It's not.
The only thing worse than a movie without an ending, is a ninety-minute endurance test without an ending.
Sometimes you're flabbergasted when very good actors are in very bad films. But no-one sets out to make a bad movie. They just turn out that way. But, seriously, there's no way that the script of The Words could have appeared good to anyone, could it?
As a romantic drama, it's a tiresome dud.
Let's be honest, Cooper's at his best when playing a jagoff. He's like Bradley Whitford in that respect (maybe it's just the name "Bradley").
A mostly middling drama.
The story-within-a-story-within-a-story is so slight and inconsequential, like the tiniest of a set of Russian nesting dolls, that we may be forgiven for letting our minds wander toward bedtime and tomorrow's errands.
The storytelling method is more compelling than the actual stories themselves, which meander toward a collective final plot twist that is foreshadowed well in advance.
When The Words focused on its core subject, I perked up. When it went off on lackluster tangents - which it does for more than half of its running time - I grew impatient.
Those willing to accept the movie on its own terms will almost certainly savor the opportunity to ponder the many engaging questions that it poses.
The film is best when [Jeremy] Irons is on screen and his flash back story is told. The actor's weather worn face is a character unto itself.
Described as both a romantic drama and a thriller, the film doesn't quite live up to the billing -- despite a premise rife with promise and a star-studded cast.
The premise is ambitious -- if not a little hokey -- but the meager themes of ephemeral authorship and constructed realities aren't exactly revelatory.
There are some random parallels between the stories and some sophomoric exchanges about truth and art, and then it does not end - it just stops.
The wraparound structure is not only unnecessary but downright confusing, leading the movie to an unsatisfying conclusion.
What this film about plagiarism lacks is originality.
It is cinematic Ambien, the kind of limp affair that mistakes overheated dialogue for character or action.
There is a genuine, high-minded earnestness about the film that, unfortunately, falls well short of its goals.
The Words thinks it can outsmart us...providing one of those "what if" endings that raises such questions. Without some idea of the possible answer, however, all we get is frustration.
Teen-friendly romance is thoughtful but falls short.
A crushingly mediocre drama that doesn't know a thing about literature and doesn't particularly pretend to.
A fairly straightforward yarn with bluntly articulated themes of Regret, Guilt, Misplaced Trust, and the Vagaries of Fate.
...a romantic tragedy about the life of being a writer, meaning that many reviewers may 'get' what is going on here the way non-writers may not.
Continuously intriguing but ultimately only semi-satisfying. It has a lot going in its favor...(but) the payoff isn't as good or effective as it could and should have been. Still, I can recommend it to moviegoers hungry for thought-provoking fare.
Riveting, illuminating, and communicative...for about 45 minutes.
It's all very beautiful to look at, but the glossy artifice robs the movie of any genuine emotional heft.
We see a doctor pulling a blanket over the little corpse in the crib. We're struck by the shamelessness of this shot.
It manages to be literary and populist at the same time, in its story about the price of dreams and what any of us might be willing to do for love, success or both.
The Words gets a little too cute by half.
Dennis Quaid reading from a book his character purportedly authored redefines "suspension of disbelief".
It's Cooper who's the biggest casualty, forced to deaden his surefire spark to accommodate his dud of a character.
Bradley Cooper's funniest movie since "The Hangover" - unfortunately, unintentionally this time ...
It's a noble attempt, but there's too much going on and the various story lines fail to come together.
This film's layered storytelling lacks the fluidity, grace, or good humour, to pull off its conceit.
Romanticized claptrap.
This is a film that's thoughtful and elegant, with just enough loose strings to keep things intriguing.
A well-acted but narratively limp indie that's undermined by a failure to connect emotionally with its audience.
This tale of literary chicanery fails to entice its audience. If it were a book, it would be easy to put down.
Sometimes, less is more. "The Words" is one of those times.
In the re-examination, we realize just how much of the material's potential is left unexplored -- how little substance there actually is here.
It would have been more fun if I'd brought something to throw at the screen.
It's a snooze.
Writer/directors Brian Klugman and Lee Sternthal chose to make The Words as bland and obvious as its title, wringing out any subtlety or artistry.
"The Words" is a decent, ambitious, unoriginal film about a decent, ambitious, unoriginal writer. Both aim for greatness. Both fall short.
The Words feels like a weaker Oprah Book Club selection that's been gussied up -- and edited to the bone -- for big-screen consumption.
Woody Allen took himself far less seriously covering this same idea in "You Will Meet a Tall Dark Stranger."
A clever, entertaining yarn that doesn't bear close scrutiny.
The inherent problem with a movie about writing is that watching someone write is not very interesting.
A nitwit story about a nitwit author who has written a nitwit novel about a nitwit author who has published a nitwit novel which, in fact, he has stolen wholecloth from another writer ...
The Words founders on a spurious dichotomy between love and art.
The story-within-a-story-within-a-story structure of 'The Words' is an interesting dodge, applying thick layers of shimmering artifice to cover up the movie's lack of depth.
The Words resonates - richly, remarkably.
Multi-layered drama about a literary masterpiece and its dubious authorship is well-crafted but hardly as deep as it pretends to be.
I had planned to watch it, but there's nothing to see.
It reinforces the misconception that great works arrive in a burst of creativity brought on by a tragic love affair, ideally in Paris.
Even with one story line and time frame too many, the movie conjures a mean Faustian bargain and leaves a classic dramatic question hanging in its air: What would you do if faced with similar circumstances?
"The Words" tries to meticulously paint a picture with a broad brush, thus smearing the details and creating a different piece than perhaps intended.
While it's no chore to watch so many appealing actors, it does feel like something of a waste to see them hemmed in by such flat material.
While the idea of staging a story within a story within a story might sound like an intriguing narrative device, co-writers/directors Brian Klugman and Lee Sternthal confuse complexity for cleverness.
Like Rory's purloined novel, The Words is nothing but a big cheat.
For the most part, it's an adequate romantic drama orbiting an intriguing moral dilemma, but the decision to use a three-layered approach to tell the story makes little sense from a dramatic or narrative perspective.
Witlessly titled and executed...
As good looking but shallow as its multiple leading men.
The problem is with the three nested stories themselves, which...are treacly variations on what a not-too-inventive Nicholas Sparks enthusiast might imagine to be Hemingway-esque.
Unfortunately, none of these characters feels worthy of our -- or the movie's -- attention.
Positively reeks of mediocrity.... Go read a good book instead.
The fatal flaw of this screenwriting term paper is that Cooper's character is a boring jerk we're supposed to regard as a nice guy who made an honest mistake.
A pleasant but overly complex variation on an idea Woody Allen toyed-with in his stumbling "You Will Meet a Tall Dark Stranger," this notion of counterfeit literary fame...
The Words is a movie about writing and books made by people who apparently rarely read.
Falling in love with the page becomes a romance almost as tragic as one built on deception ... [with] the same result: loneliness that finds no secure future in living a lie.
You wish it were better than it is, simply because nobody ever makes literary thrillers these days.
It becomes preoccupied with exploring its fiction vs. reality theme and connecting the dots of its many plot strands at the expense of character development.
What do we learn? That it's bad to steal the work and identify of other people. For this we need an oh-so-serious movie?
Not bad.
Though set in the literary world and among the suffering souls who populate it, The Words appears to be the work of people who have never actually read a book.
I enjoyed the settings, the periods and the acting. I can't go so far as to say I cared about the story, particularly after it became clear that its structure was too clever by half.
The film folds narratives on top of narratives in a vain attempt to mask the fact that there's nothing to read between its graceless lines.
Another actor might have made us feel something complicated for this troubled soul, but Cooper merely looks like the kind of guy who would steal another man's story.
A lush but fumbling literary melodrama outfitted with an attractive, generations-spanning cast and a puzzle box of three competing narratives.
"The Words" leaves nothing to the imagination, smothering all these storylines in narration that spells out the actions we're seeing or emotions we could infer for ourselves.
There's considerable gap between the film's ambition, which is to be a high-minded literary feature a la Atonement or The Hours, and its actual level of execution.
By the time a grizzled Jeremy Irons saunters in, ready to dole out a comeuppance, perceptive viewers will have mentally flipped to the last page.
A clever entertainment that segues from thriller to drama to romance without breaking a sweat or offering much depth.
A movie for people who buy their novels at Starbucks, made by people who write their novels at Starbucks.
A strong drama that may seem simple at first, but it's likely to leave you wondering whether what you watched was real or whether the various stories were all just layers of fiction.
A literary film that stands to work best for those who don't read.
The Words fails to surpass dramatically the bland lack of specificity in its title while still offering a solid roundup of performances from its talented ensemble cast.

@highlight

Neither as clever nor as interesting as it appears to think it is, The Words maroons its talented stars in an overly complex, dramatically inert literary thriller that's ultimately a poor substitute for a good book.