Although light on plot and performances, the film delivers exactly what it promises.
... Need for Speed wants to be Drive's scrappy cousin. It just doesn't come close to achieving that.
Need for Speed," the latest popcorn release based on a video game, is not the worst movie I've ever seen... but it's close...
Unfortunately, it's unable to end the "curse" of video game adaptations to film. [Full review in Spanish]
A film about real cars being driven fast; that's about all there is to Need for Speed.
Stay put for the driving; when someone starts to share feelings, it's time to get more popcorn.
Paul is trying for James Dean but ends up at Steven Seagal. Dumb, dumb, dumb.
Once you've sat through something as dry and turgid as this film, it's understandable you'd be itching for real thrills.
The amount of fun a cast and crew have while making a movie rarely translates to the final product, but that's not the case here.
What is most surprising about Need For Speed is how badly it starts off. With too much exposition and not enough spark between the characters, it's as if the overlong 130-minute film will live up to its title for all of the wrong reasons.
Need for Speed is an extremely hollow and tedious film that has nothing to offer to anyone except the most avid of car junkies.
If Need For Speed was 15% less overtly dumb and 15% less pandering to the stereotypical boy audience, it might have been a completely enjoyable B-movie romp.
Need for Speed provides some excitement for its target demographic while proving to be an overlong slog for everyone else.
Despite all the flaws, there's no denying the visceral feeling that "Need for Speed" evokes. I found myself tensed up throughout most of it, and that served to remind me that however simplistic and clichéd this film was, it still had me in its grip.
"However, the auto racing action-thriller meanders so much and takes so long to get its character and situations where they're going you'll be tempted to call it 'Need for Judicious Editing' instead."
Need for Speed is so busy and loud that, if not watched vigilantly, it could be mistaken for something fun. But it is a shambling lemon.
The target audience won't regret putting down its joystick for a couple of hours...but for anyone looking for depth or distinction, nevermind.
The auto carnage lacks flair or creativity.
... little more than gearhead pornography, with an emphasis on skid marks and squealing tires over logical storytelling and meaningful relationships - except that of a driver and his gas pedal.
Best left for those who like to watch fast cars exploding.
Speed? Yes. Everything else? No.
If you're suffering from withdrawal symptoms for high-octane action, DreamWorks is ready with an instant adrenaline fix.
This film is clichéd and cloying, a revenge flick measured in RPMs and MPGs vs. anything remotely resembling human emotion. Oh, and the action scenes stink, as well.
OK, so the script sucks.
While the film is easy to look at, it's not easy to watch.
The plot is about as thin as the wisp of air between vehicles swishing past each other on a narrow highway, and the actors say empty-headed things like 'We'll settle this behind the wheel.'
This is cinema reduced or distilled to its purest definition, of movies that move
A sloppy movie that glorifies endangering people on our city streets and interstates.
A strong contender for the worst video game adaptation of all time...
Hundreds of non-racing civilians are merrily run off the road but no one cares, least of all the screenwriters who remain locked in single-player mode.
This movie is a complete bore.
Given the lack of established narrative, they could've just as easily called this Gran Turismo or Pole Position or f*cking Mario Kart.
The driving, though exciting, isn't quite enough compensation for the story it's subbing for.
Grounded "Speed" Outdistances "Furious."
An increasingly idiotic picture that could easily have been titled Dumb and Dumber had that moniker not been snapped up nearly two decades ago.
Let's be honest, shamefully honest. What counts here isn't subtle drama or carefully honed characters. What counts are the chases and the screeching tyres and the spectacular prangs. And they are magnificent.
The title says it all.
Glance in Need for Speed's rear-view mirror and you'll catch glimpses of... Vanishing Point and Two-Lane Blacktop. Bullitt even pops up on a drive-in screen at one point. Just don't expect any of those films' existential cool or stripped-down rawness.
Like throwing a pile of car parts at the wall to see what'll stick. Spoiler: nothing.
"Need For Speed" is actually based on a best-selling video game, and it certainly has video-game tropes throughout. Video-game players may feel their thumbs reacting unconsciously.
There's nothing here you haven't seen before.
A clunker speeding to the junkyard.
Need For Speed gets nothing even remotely right. Not the characterization, not the story, not the dialogue, not the action, not even the sense of mindless fun a videogame offers. It is a massive pile of dreck.
Fast, fun and flawed.
a colossal misfire in no uncertain terms
It's not particularly smart or original, but car lovers and films fans that are willing to switch off their brains should find Need for Speed offers an amusing ride.
Scott Waugh's Need for Speed is a loud and proud B-movie. It's ridiculous, and it's also more fun than you might expect.
Even though Need for Speed manages to entertain in some of its best moments, the final product is just too bloated and inept to work.
Without CGI, this gearhead fantasy could never be made.
The characterisation and plotting are as crude as the car chases are slick.
So, is there a need for Need For Speed? Well, no, not really.
Need for Speed is car porn. And just like with adult films, its B-movie plot and clumsy dialogue only get in the way of what everyone wants to see: dangerous high-speed racing and violent crashes.
Given [Aaron] Paul's established knack for comedy, it's a little odd that he's consigned to the role of humorless brooder [...] but given Need For Speed's oft-shaky grasp of comedy, he's probably better off in grip-it-and-rip-it mode.
What exactly is wrong with this film from stuntman-turned-director Scott Waugh? Stock characters? They're driving stock cars, for Pete's sake! Whaddayawant?
You wouldn't think a movie called Need For Speed would feel so slow.
Nothing in Need for Speed makes a lick of sense: the geography is off, the story daft, the cliches plentiful.
I can say with confidence that Scott Waugh's Need for Speed is perhaps the best live-action video game movie made to date. It's still not very good.
Even though the movie is a fairly routine popcorn entertainment with typical twists, romances, heroes and villains, it feels old-fashioned, organic, and exciting. It's based on a video game, but you'd never know it.
Stictly for those who don't mind paying to watch a 2 hour Mustang commercial in 3D.
This is all about speed and well-done dangerous dashes and spectacular crashes. They're fun. Unfortunately, at 130-minutes Need for Speed is everything but speedy.
The downside to the rest of the movie being such a hot mess is that as jaw-dropping as it is, it's impossible to care about all of the automotive carnage.
It's like watching someone ELSE play a video game for more than two hours. That gets old real fast.
As both a racing movie and a video game adaptation, this is a missed opportunity.
Waugh stages the action reasonably well, although none bristle with the vigor and intensity of better recent car chases in 'Drive' and 'Jack Reacher.'
Director Scott Waugh made himself a hostage to fortune by saying he was paying tribute to classic car chase movies such as Bullitt.
Less a three-lane pile-up than a minor traffic violation in a residential area. Three points for Waugh, then, and a 60 fine.
Though later sequences lean a little too heavily on contemporary car flick clichés ... they are all nonetheless informed by a gee-whiz appreciation for gleaming cars and stunt driving ingenuity.
In Paul's glowering eyes you can sense a need for not only speed, but a better agent.
It's difficult to understand how a movie about fast cars, tough guys and feisty women could be so little fun to watch. But the filmmakers, working from a popular videogame, have managed to make something only a gaming nerd could love.
If Tobey did in real life what he does in 'Need for Speed,' most Americans would desire to drag him out of his car and open up a serious can of road rage.
In need of a better script, direction and performances.(Content Review for Parents Also Available)
As exciting as getting a tow from AAA, and just as slow.
It certainly understands its purpose in life, and goes about it with the flair and pizzazz one expects from a modest bit of entertainment.
It's loud and slick, but Need for Speed promises more than it can deliver, trying to expand on simple charms when all anyone truly wants is a joyride.
When describing a film about golf years ago, I remember the late great film critic Roger Ebert talked about the Zen of the game. Need for Speed could have used a little metaphysical Zen.
I wonder about the potential audience for this movie.
"Need for Speed" is a difficult movie to assess. It's hard to tell if it knows exactly what it is, or simply is what it is.
There are moments of guilty-pleasure fun in Scott Waugh's video-game-inspired stunt-fest, but mostly it's little more than a ridiculous Fast & Furious wannabe.
The story starts off with one cliché and then keeps them coming.
There's no getting around it. This is a dumb movie. However, if all you want out of it is cars going fast, it will fulfill your personal Need For Speed.
Need For Speed fails spectacularly on so many levels, it almost begs you to bring back the hyperactive, overacting Nicolas Cage for Drive Angry 2. Almost.
Honestly, Aaron Paul, what were you thinking?
You'd have to be a true carmudgeon (sorry) to want it to stop.
It's The Cannonball Run minus Dom DeLuise! But, it turns out Dom DeLuise is the key to that whole formula working. Who knew?
Who knew a film about driving at 180mph could be this slow?
To its credit, this isn't just another dumb video game adaptation that's a poor fit for the big screen. Nope, this by any classification would be a so-dumb-it's-stupid film regardless of its source material.
The characters are cornily cardboard, but the cars are unquestionably super, and the racing rather exciting.
This is a film you want to see for the racing, and in that sense it doesn't disappoint.
In trying for the vicarious varoom of the street-racing video game that inspired it, and no doubt dreaming of "Fast" success, "Speed" clocks in at a long two-plus hours and falls painfully short.
The cars are fast and pretty and the stunts are impressive. But when it comes to the script, it just spins its wheels.
The stunts in Need for Speed are real: No computer pixels were harmed in the making of this film. It's the people who are fake.
Rather than fine-tune the narrative engine, the filmmakers hit the gas with not much more in the tank than sumptuously photographed car porn, robbing what could have been a high-toned B-movie of any punch.
Need for Speed is enjoyable in its highly implausible way: a petrolhead festival with some outrageously silly stunts.
"Need for Speed" is dumb and loud and sometimes technically impressive, which means that it is successful on its own terms.
With dozens of crashes, injuries and possible deaths caused by the street racers in Need for Speed, what stands out most is the story's callous disregard for human life.
Aside from some needlessly frantic editing, the main drawback here is an unwillingness to admit that the impulses being celebrated are basically anti-social.
Sticks to the basic directions mapped out by the video game it's based on: drive recklessly fast and furious and earn bonus points for every police cruiser that shamelessly spins out in a blaze.
Need for Speed is in desperate need of a lot of things - a better script, stronger direction, better pacing - but one thing you wouldn't think it'd be lacking is excitement.
If you know your muscle cars and supercars and don't care too much about other people, the movie will be your bottle of Yahoo, so pardon the rest of us if we look on these self-absorbed camshaft brats and wish them a speedy flat tire.
Tells you how to get from point A to point B the most colourful way: by reverse-smashing through all the other letters of the alphabet first, as it were, before sneaking up on B from the least expected direction, the front.
What to say about a racing movie that's stuck in idle as drama? For starters, don't race to see it... there's nothing to distract you from a plot so tired there are tire tracks from other racing movies all over it.
A movie about fast cars that makes 'The Fast and the Furious'...look literate and clever...hilariously melodramatic muscle-car camp, unbearably loud and extremely stupid.
In trying to include signature moments for gearheads, genre cinephiles, and fans of the videogame series that gives it its title, Need for Speed is crushed under its own weight.
All this needed was one really good chase, or two less pointless subplots, or three less superfluous sidekicks; this is a speed no-one needs.
Director Scott Waugh...forgoes CGI for the practical stunts which are the primary draw of a film whose story set ups strain credibility.
Not to be a killjoy, but if filmmakers are going to embed pixel mayhem in the photo-real world, then they're inviting us to ask if this shit is sociopathic.
It is okay, even desired, that movies like "Need for Speed" embrace a popcorn-munching frivolity and sense of fun, but there still needs to be an underlying accountability for its subject matter and onscreen figures meant to be rooted for.
You can see why the film stretches out to 130 minutes. It contains 45 minutes of setup, then a cross-country race before the climactic -- make that anticlimactic -- race.
Need for Speed celebrates reckless driving with the bloodless consequences of an Xbox game rated for 10-year-olds. (Little wonder: The 3-D film is loosely adapted from the video racing series of the same name.)
Need for Speed is not Fast & Furious. For better or for worse. Mostly for worse.
For a film about racing, it takes a looooong time to locate the finish line.
Not every pop-culture touchstone is meant to be translated onto film, even if Hollywood insists on clinging to the familiar.
Happily, director Scott Waugh comes out of the stunt world himself, and there's a refreshing emphasis on actual, theoretically dangerous stunt driving over digital absurdities.
"Need For Speed" rides roughshod over morality.
"Need for Speed" is like a great-looking roadster with a junky engine.
Even the more jaw-dropping camera angles and shocking smash-ups start to feel redundant after director Scott Waugh revisits them for the third or fourth time.
Strains credulity and cares more about shredding tires than building characters, it also has enough breathtaking race action to cross the finish line with some style.
Unfortunately there's not much of a sensibility beneath the pleasant surfaces; the movie is easy to enjoy, but just as easy to forget.
Need for Speed is based on a video game and here is the plot synopsis: 'Vroooooooooom! Vroooooooooom! Vrm, vrm, vrm...VROOOOOOOOOOM!'
The exhilarating, high-octane speed is authentic, but the script is incoherent and the stilted acting is abysmal.
Thinks it's poetical and epic, and the more dramatic it thinks it's being, the more hilariously histrionic it all is.
It's legitimately exciting. The car chase scenes are phenomenal. And Aaron Paul shows that he can very much carry a movie as the lead. About that plot, though...
Keaton, riffing faster than a souped-up Agera ("Christmas came early, wing nuts!"), is clearly having a great time. That makes one of us.
"This is a movie that Vin Diesel himself will pull over to the curb, roll down the window, look above his designer shades and give you a thumbs up for, before screeching off wildly into oncoming traffic."
For those who thought "The Fast and the Furious" films were too realistic, "Need for Speed" is the movie for you.
Paul and Poots will, I am sure, enjoy much better vehicles to come.
It can't just put lead Aaron Paul behind the wheel. He has to lose a brother, be framed for a federal crime, serve time, then be on the wrong coast where a hotly anticipated [...] competition is taking place.
Stupidity and incompetence are two very different things, and this movie isn't smart enough to be as stupid as it wants.
Cheesy dialogue and predictable plotting make for a derisory experience that even adolescent males - the film's target audience - may spurn.
On the whole, this is like test-driving something advertised as a top-of-the-range sportscar, only to find it corners like a milk float.
Leading roles don't grow on trees. If they did, Aaron Paul's first big-screen starring performance would chop down that tree, throw it in the ocean and set the ocean on fire.
An uneven ride. It contains some fantastically gripping action sequences. But the plot itself takes the scenic route when short cuts would have been better.
Note to director Scott Waugh and writer George Gatins: You do your movie no favors by constantly reminding the audience of the much better pictures that inspired your own.
Some of the racing stunts are impressive, but the overall tone is grim and mean-spirited, with the repetitive story broken up only by crass, sexist humor.
That same refusal to slow down leads the film to breeze past any consideration of the consequences of its actions.
Now that Fast & Furious has gone the way of the superhero blockbusters, Need for Speed rides alongside as a ridiculous spectacle of practical, vehicular mayhem.
Young men and fast cars are automatically stupid together, but even if you set your intelligence level at "off" ... you'll get a hangover from this cocktail of 200-proof stupid, clinking with moron ice cubes and with an idiot cherry on top.
Cool cars, epic stunts, a "video game movie" script.
Need for Speed is just another pileup in Hollywood's long accident report of taking games from the couch to the theater seat.
Preposterous plotting and thin, derivative characters turn the racing flick Need for Speed into a drag, despite a magnetic performance from Aaron Paul.
Waugh shows an ability to create frenetic set pieces. But what does that matter when the movie's adrenaline-fueled characters are so repugnant?
Need for Speed feels like the snuff film of racing movies.
More hipster curmudgeons driving around in muscle cars with this passable 3D street-racing flick.
If you like watching people drive really nice cars really fast, "Need for Speed" scratches that particular itch. But expect nothing more, because everything else about it is just running on empty.
Overall, this flashy underworld of super-charged machinery and intense action is a blast.
Whatever else its virtues and flaws, Need for Speed is -- if we may put it this way -- a star vehicle.
Audiences purely interested in the cars won't be disappointed - frankly they're sexier than the cast.
A high-octane epic, the slick, exciting and often funny Need For Speed delivers enough intense car chase entertainment to keep petrolheads more than happy.
Sibling screenwriters George and John Gatins (the latter an Oscar nominee for Flight) deliver nothing that Smokey and the Bandit didn't manage at half the length and with twice the charm.
Modest, diverting fun ...
This movie offers nothing but noise and silliness. And, possibly - if it has the effect on its target teen audience I think it's going to - a very dangerous ride home afterward, for everybody.
Fast and the Furious fans have one more year to wait before Jason Statham tears up the streets of Tokyo looking for Vin Diesel, but Need for Speed fails as a place-keeper - or, for that matter, as a possible usurper - of that other, better franchise.
[I]diotic in addition to being irresponsible.
I don't think a single actor in Need for Speed is taller than 5-foot-6, nor would any weigh more than 70 kilos. For the first time in a long time, us out-of-shape reviewers in the screening were more intimidating than the action stars on screen.
Does high octane Grand Theft Auto-style racing carnage and leeringly pornographic shots of exotic sports cars screaming along at top speed really make up for a poorly written script? Why, yes...yes it does
A technically polished but narratively bloated and muddled adaptation of the bestselling videogame racing series of the same name.
With rewrites Need For Speed could have passed, of all things, as a relationship movie.
Even when compared to other films posing as Ford Mustang commercials, Need for Speed isn't particularly memorable for anything other than the startling incompetence and dull sheen of the end result.
Ensures that the reputation of films based on videogames remains in tatters. It's a lemon.
No moral compass was used in the making of this film. It's a repugnant mess that tries to glorify a group of adrenalin junkies who love to endanger the lives of others.
Need for Speed is incredibly conventional and prosaic, with so little innovation in this title, as a film we've seen countless times before.
The plot between high-octane chases feels like a used car cut-and-shut.
The cars are hot, the action is decent, but the characters and plot need a serious tune-up.
Exposition is light, action is quick, stunt-driving is awesome ... this film really does convince that there is a... uh... requirement for haste.
Waugh really can direct traffic but he's falls hilariously short when it comes to everything else.
The kind of film that feels like it's been entirely directed by a second unit with the script a mere afterthought.
For all its predictable turns and its final resolution, Need For Speed excels at what it sets out to do as a gripping action thriller which offers us high speed escape and wish fulfillment

@highlight

With stock characters and a preposterous plot, this noisily diverting video game adaptation fulfills a Need for Speed and little else.