It asks different questions about the kinds of stress we put the men and women in our military to, and they are questions that need to be asked, even if you might not like the answers you arrive at.
Hawke, in particular, delivers a powerful and nuanced portrayal of a patriotic soldier who knows what he does is morally wrong yet realises it is to serve a greater good.
This is a step in the right direction for [Andrew] Niccol.
What a plethora of good lines there are. The movie can be accused of being dialogue heavy... But Niccol's literate script easily carries the film over its more cramped aspects.
Good Kill ends up being a ponderous slog, a film that wants to be a conversation-starter but doesn't introduce any new or interesting entry points into that conversation.
You know when you see a movie, and you don't hate it, but you don't love it, either?
This isn't science fiction-it claims to be "based on actual events"-but it feels like it, with its sealed, space capsule-like remote cockpits and disconnection from the field of battle...
Ethan Hawke has become a better actor with time and his work with Noccol is probably some of his best. [Full review in Spanish]
Like many a previous Niccol work, Good Kill is a human drama about a man hurled into a technological future no one could anticipate: a world in which we humans have come up with yet another ingenious way to torment ourselves.
The film quickly loses its way and, after the initial engagement, things simply trail off, and the film doesn't deliver the strong climax it promises.
Niccol's aim is single-minded and relentless.
Remote, relentless and lacking the human touch. That's a description of drones that could also be applied to this Ethan Hawke movie.
A mostly engrossing meditation on the bravery of being out of range.
The framework provides scope for some strong performances.
Hawke gives a terrific performance as the disintegrating hero... and Bruce Greenwood is perfectly cast as his weary commanding officer, but they can't quite rise above the movie's mission statement.
A good script that unfolds into a controversial subject with a great performance by Ethan Hawke. [Full review in Spanish]
The movie makes us reflect. [Full review in Spanish]
This thoughtful drama presents real and legitimate questions about drone strikes and smartly lets the audience make their own decisions on these issues.
It is a powerful message, and Hawke's portrayal of the pilot's side in the film is gripping.
The anguish etched on Hawke's face reveals the psychological toll of blowing up flesh and blood, not pixels.
Good Kill is essential viewing for those with an interest in how the war on terror continues to be waged, and in considering the moral conundrums of the situation.
The whole issue of drone warfare was addressed far more cogently in Captain America: The Winter Soldier.
A heart-rending drama about drone warfare that proves there never has been, and there never will, be "a good kill."
... more a psychological drama than a war movie, and its limited scale serves the film well.
What does war become in the remote-control age of drone strikes and remote surveillance?
A groundbreaking human drama that takes on the U.S. position about war. [full review in Spanish]
The film clumsily debates the ethical pros and cons of this dispassionate form of warfare.
...(while) the film is clearly slanted towards the idea that drone warfare is immoral. Even so, it's well done and does emphasize the enormous mental problems created by war.
... a movie Obama should see ... Niccol doesn't equivocate or attempt to justify drone warfare. He portrays it as cold-blooded and horrifying, Big Brother as eyes-in-the-sky executioner.
Egan's actions stretch plausibility, yet they make sense in the context of one man's attempt to redeem his humanity.
Andrew Niccol has a knack for contemplating digital media ethics, and it shows in his often plain-spoken rhetoric in Good Kill.
'Good Kill' doesn't have the dramatic oomph of 'The Hurt Locker' or 'American Sniper' even though it walks the same path. What it is instead is some very well made food for thought.
As the anti-'American Sniper,' 'Good Kill' makes the case for the value of 'American Sniper,' a movie that isn't quite sure what to make of its hero and his war.
Good Kill excels as a character study with Niccol's screenplay making Egan a fascinatingly conflicted and flawed individual and Ethan Hawke giving one of his best recent performances bringing the man to life.
But the visuals pack a visceral punch. Every time Tom zeroes in on a target, every time he pushes that button, what we see on those monitors is brutally authentic.
The moralizing is so heavy-handed, it loses impact, particularly when the unseen voice of orders from the CIA overexplains their rationale for, um, orders.
While it's exaggerated, the film's assertion is chilling.
"Good Kill" deserves credit for framing these important issues in a credible, visually challenging drama, but writer-director Andrew Niccol doesn't take his material anywhere interesting.
Rates a good conduct award for casting aspersions at America's most shameful military tactic.
"Good Kill" manages to find a balance between demonstration and debate, allowing Niccol to indulge his beloved sermonizing while providing substantive characterization.
"Good Kill" is darkly enlightening, but it's not really all that good.
Way too much anti-drone argument is spouted here as exposition, especially among the drone operators. Dissent becomes on-the-job insubordination in a way the military would surely not tolerate.
The audience seems likely to leave feeling scolded or pandered to, depending. Not a great time.
"Good Kill" wants to use the movies as a Trojan horse to confront us with our international sins. It's a worthy effort, even if it's not a very well-built horse.
Thoughtful and immensely gripping ...
The film is based on actual events and presents its disturbing gray area with urgency and sorrow.
One of the most insightful films about the War on Terror since 9/11.
Directed and written by Andrew Niccol (whose phenomenal 1997 film Gattaca also starred Hawke), and supposedly "based on actual events," Good Kill raises important questions about the nature of modern warfare, but it is a bit heavy-handed and strained.
"Good Kill" does not offer any easy moral answers or, for that matter, less-than-intense air-strike sequences that would make it a more painless picture to watch. Of course, the most meaningful ones rarely do.
The discomfiting premise and a fine performance by Hawke make this somewhat thinly written drama worth seeing.
The bold, confrontational tone commands one's attention, and the cast -- which also includes Bruce Greenwood and Zoe Kravitz -- is superb.
One has to give it credit for taking on a serious subject, even if it fumbles the attempt.
How long can you push that button before feeling like an assassin? How do you relate to teammates who say that's exactly the right thing to do?
Storywise, tact and intelligence take the day. Things grow more strained, both at home and on the job, until "Was that a war crime?" asked after one particular "good kill" garners only a "Shut the ---- up."
For the most part, "Good Kill" asks pertinent, enduring questions, not by way of polemic, but through the study of a character whose professionalism and competence are given full respect, even when they're challenged by the mission at hand.
We need to have a dialogue about the wages of war in the remote-control era. But it's hard to spark a good dialogue with movies whose dialogue is so bad.
This is repugnant stuff. But, at least in the film, there's no gray area.
Good Kill is still a smart enough film to make people think about drones and decide where they stand on the issue.
While lacking when it comes to nuance, Niccol's film becomes a searing and finely tuned indie drama that benefits from a voice rooted firmly in the now.
Strong performances, a trenchant message and brilliant uses of imagery help to overcome a screenplay that leans toward preachiness.
The film's visuals are its strongest selling point, overhead views of drone kills paralleled with similar shots of the Egan household imparting empathetic vulnerability.
A thinned, straining plot keeps the film from being the great piece of modern warfare cinema it had the potential to be.
Potent enough to make me wish it were less clunky.
An intelligent but not terribly effective drama. And its discussion of military ethics, especially with regard to what it means to be able to kill people without physical consequences, is promising, but it does not go far enough.
It's a movie that hits every one of its ideological targets, but still winds up missing the mark.
Good Kill is well-intentioned, but the topic of joystick combat needs more nuanced treatment than it gets here.
Good Kill is an engaging and impressively persuasive film dealing with the (dystopian) future of warfare.
"Good Kill" has its heart in the right place in questioning the morality of the indiscriminate use of killer drones.
Intimate and absorbing with a timely message that's right on target.
Though the movie is heavy and preachy, with characters making too many speeches, Hawke's powerful performance humanizes the incendiary material and gives it an emotional heft.
There are important issues running through this, but the film forgets to be sufficiently engaging in the course of being Significant.
Good Kill...boasts a shocking vitality Niccol has been lacking for far too long.
Good Kill is half-measure, with a redemptive ending that plays as safe and bogus.
Good Kill is smart and provocative when it examines the bizarre-o world of drone warfare and the intersection of violence and gamesmanship. Unfortunately, it's much less good at exploring what drone warfare does to the men and women who practice it daily.
Where Niccol succeeds is in creating an atmosphere of self-loathing, both for those manning the drones and the audience watching them work.
What Niccol is really interested in ... is what this kind of warfare does to the men and women pushing the buttons and adding up the numbers.
Disregard the arguments for and against drone warfare advanced in "Good Kill," and the movie still makes a persuasive case that our blind infatuation with all-powerful technology is stripping us of our humanity.
Its overarching point is incisive.
It's thoughtful and timely, offering an unsettling look at the two faces of modern warfare.
War used to be Hell. Now it's just Purgatory.
Compelling as the subject may be, its abstract nature would challenge the most skillful of dramatists, and Mr. Niccol's script seldom rises above slogans, argumentation and standard-brand domestic tension.
Will gamers be the drone pilots of tomorrow? Will death lose its sting? Niccol conjectures all over the place. He's doing too much, pushing too hard. Condemn the guy or clone him? You be the judge.
Only Bruce Greenwood, as their grouchy reigning Colonel, punctures the mood, not only injecting life but an air of unpredictability into a film that from its first frame is a foregone conclusion.
This isn't an anti-war picture, it's an honest war picture.
Good Kill is a fascinating character study set in a vividly evoked dystopian universe. [...] But as successful as [it] is on many fronts, it's also a tad disingenuous.
Niccol's film may not be perfect, but it shines a light on a subject many viewers will know vaguely by name - and not much more.
Andrew Niccol also seems to have a problem with this type of warfare, and Good Kill gives the writer-director a platform to hit his audience over the head nonstop with obvious diatribes.
It's all far more unsettling than any horror film.
It's a movie as wonky as the issue-doc he chose not to make.
The picture is quiet, tense, and thoughtful.
When cinema reflects current conflicts, a certain aesthetic typically develops, and "Good Kill," Andrew Niccol's drone strike-era drama, makes a convincing case for the next phase of that evolution.
Hawke is on a roll right now, and "Good Kill" stirs him to another performance of cogency and zeal. Is it sufficient, however, to support an entire movie?
A modern morality play examining the emotional and physical toll exacted by the military tactic of bombing by drones.
In Good Kill, the war movie, like the postmodern warfare it depicts, looks a little different from the norm.
Like other Andrew Niccol films, Good Kill is about an essential innocent who dreams of release from a highly structured, classist, and hypocritical environment.
Writer/director Andrew Niccol reteams with Gattaca star Ethan Hawke for this timely dramatic treatise on drone warfare.
It's nice to see the always compelling Hawke - here, tenser and more laconic than ever - in a role where his face's deep stress lines come into their own.
It's a surgical strike against US foreign adventurism and a devastating take-down of its "warheads-on-foreheads" policy, as well as a very moving a study of a soul in torment.
Plays like a series of didactic footnotes for a much more interesting film
Good Kill convincingly shows us a development in warfare that's only going to become ever more important, one that we've been preferring not to think too much about.
Niccol draws us into the fine details of this hidden military world and airs some meaty arguments about the appliance of science to the act of killing.
A sophisticated, provocative and thoroughly modern war film that makes Clint Eastwood's recent American Sniper look slow to find its target.
Hawke is quieter and more dour than he was playing the husbands and fathers in Linklater's films. However, he is very effective at capturing his character's pent-up frustration, self-disgust and mounting aggression.
The writer and director Andrew Niccol's quietly intelligent drama about drone warfare explores the gradual breakdown of a man's self-respect.
Hawke's effectively simmering performance helps create a potent and provocative report on how combat is mutating into a real-life video-game.
War being played out as a lethal video game is the fascinating subject for this cautionary thriller from director Andrew Niccol.
This smart and serious thinkpiece never loses sight of the overheads: the steep personal price paid by Egan, and the collateral damage incurred.
Doesn't shake you in your seat, but some very effective moments, and it poses some complex moral questions.
A sombre, intelligent drama that critiques Obama's ongoing drone policy while still positioning its button-pushing characters as tortured anti-heroes.
It's Top Gun with gamer's thumb. Ethan Hawke shines in a complex, satisfying character study turned combat thriller.
In the chill of computerised battle, there's an important film in here somewhere.
Hawke is on fine form - angry, volatile and confused. But for all Niccol's grappling with moral complexities he misses the target, veering into an overwhelmingly melodramatic subplot ...
Hawke gives a complex, sensitive portrayal and if Niccol sometimes flounders in externalising that inner conflict, it doesn't detract from the intensity.
Good Kill could've used more conflict and drama sprinkled throughout the narrative...
Unlike so many movies based on real events, this one arrives on time, not a few years too late.
There is, of course, no such thing as a "good kill". Andrew Niccol's drama will remind you of that, repeatedly.
Considering the premise, this could and SHOULD have been great.
When cinema reflects current conflicts, a certain aesthetic typically develops, and "Good Kill," Andrew Niccol's drone strike-era drama, makes a convincing case for the next phase of that evolution.
Heavy on speeches and light on actual drama.
In the face of such a weighty topic, Niccol proves a poor co-pilot for himself, as Good Kill's script fails to live up to a strong directorial effort.
Andrew Niccol takes on the topical issue of drone strikes in a tense war drama notable for its tact and intelligence.
Psychologically complex and unsettling ...

@highlight

Thought-provoking, timely, and anchored by a strong performance from Ethan Hawke, Good Kill is a modern war movie with a troubled conscience.