This time, Elle's improbable triumphs really are implausible--and way unfunny...as adroit and charming as Witherspoon is--and she gives it her all--she cannot rise above the embarrassingly broad, witless material.
A pointless, tired, sugary, pink and teal affront to Reese Witherspoon, Bob Newhart, any important political cause...Mr. Smith Goes to Washington, and—oh, let's just say it—humanity. [Blu-ray]
Not as good as the first, but still enjoyable.
This is just embarrassing, a simply and utterly embarrassing attempt to market money from a charming film.
The expression of horror and amazement upon Bob Newhart's face captures, in one split second, the essence of the entire film.
Legally Blonde II is even smarter than Election. It is a brutal satire of the pop politics with which the Rock the Vote generation deludes itself.
'This rehash is a prime example of terminal sequel-itis ...'
No original, Whiterspoon realizou a proeza de converter uma personagem irritante em uma figura carismática. Mas, desta vez, não houve como evitar: Elle Woods é mesmo um porre.
...the film takes the low road, going for easy laughs at easy targets and easy issues.
. Plays like one long blonde joke we've already heard.
Elle's still super cute, but this "'Blonde" is way dumber than the first.
May be the worst film I have ever seen with an actress I have previously adored: in this case, Reese Witherspoon.
There is exactly one joke in this movie: Reese Witherspoon wears a lot of pink.
Red, White and Blonde is a witty supplement to Elle Woods' campaign to promote blonde politics, this time more cartoonishly confident, more flamboyant and more self-aware of its own stupidity
A dull, lacklustre, obnoxiously stupid sequel.
I've got a joke for you. How many blondes does it take to make a sequel? I'll let you write your own punchline because no matter what you come up with it's likely to be funnier than Legally Blonde 2.
The first film grew on you; this one pushes you away.
By upping the goofiness factor and wedging in a 'meaningful' message ham-handedly, the filmmakers have neither made a really funny movie, nor one that delivers a message well.
Witherspoon is just as good as ever, but Kate Kondell's script keeps letting the actress down.
[Witherspoon's] so charming.
'Legally Blonde 2' goes to Washington
The screenplay ... is more a bunch of bromides, pronouncements and touchy-feely Dr. Phil-Oprah cliches randomly tossed together on sheets of paper.
It's said that Ms. Witherspoon was paid $15 million for this. And I think she needs to cut in those of us who slogged our way through this rehash of Legally Blonde because we had to.
Refreshing, thanks to the bubbly, perpetually cheerful and energetic Reese Witherspoon
Empowering in the way Reese Witherspoon makes $20 million for dreck like this is empowering.
This is Witherspoon's movie and hers alone.
In a summer of popcorn encores, Elle Wood seems a natural. It's just that film-goers will definitely recognize the pink sugar coating on this particular brand of corn.
Legally Blonde 2 is Elle Woods' eulogy.
Legally Blonde 2 is often so dumb it hurts.
Legally Blonde 2: Red, White & Blonde has an underlying charm that drags its audience, kicking and screaming to have a good time.
A perfectly serviceable fusion of Clueless and Erin Brockovich.
This is lazy, cookie-cutter sequelizing at its most royally obnoxious.
This is a movie that on face value looks like it's for the teen girl crowd, but it's something that the dads and moms are going to enjoy seeing with them, and the grandparents will get a kick out of it, too.
It's a dish-watered down version of the original.
A more appropriate title would be Legally Blonde 1.0: The Same Movie All Over Again, Except This Time We Forgot To Put Jokes In It.
Lacks any kind of competence.
An unsurprisingly lighthearted but surprisingly buoyant sequel, what most recommends LB2 is its comic indefatigability and, of course, its star, who is so clearly the most talented, vibrant and bankable leading lady of her generation.
The D.C. setting did compel writer Kate Kondell to have the movie champion a cause, which is that Americans need to be more involved in politics or that everyone should embrace their individuality, or something.
Legally Blonde 2: Red White and Blonde does what all good sequels should do: it sticks with the same formula, but adds fresh elements.
While Legally Blonde 2 falls short of its predecessor, it is by no means a lackluster entertainment.
Herman-Wurmfeld hopes to stretch this one-joke premise and get as much mileage out of it as he can...this sugary Washington-based washout has all the warmth and wit of a prolonged presidential impeachment hearing.
A cinematic abomination.
Witherspoon, positively gleaming with star assurance, makes her indefatigably perky and optimistic Elle a classic screen comedy turn.
It's almost as if director Charles Herman-Wurmfeld is so afraid of throwing a monkey wrench into the Legally Blonde mechanics that he ends up making some of the most dynamic pieces of his instrument impotent.
With a few entertaining bits and the unstoppable force of Reese's charm, the film manages to pass by without causing any pain. But it is a weak comparison to its predecessor.
It plays like a second episode of an ongoing series in which characters retrace familiar footsteps with far less interest and enthusiasm.
If this were just another lazy sequel, that'd be bad enough, but Legally Blonde 2's dimwitted political "comedy" is bad in truly fascinating ways. ...
A betrayal of everything that was good and special in the first movie; Elle Woods mocked by her own script.
Witherspoon's indefatigable charm and energy is the only reason this film doesn't disappear like cotton candy in a drizzle.
So chipper it's like reading 'Democracy works!' spelled out on a sheet of posterboard in red-white-and-blue glitter..
The sequel essentially replays the events of the first film and relocates the whole shebang to Washington, D.C., and therein rests the comedy's near-fatal flaw. It's all remarkably predictable and too often downright silly.
Elle tries to win over D.C. and paint the town-you guessed it-red, white, and blonde.
The current sequel, Legally Blonde 2: Red, White, & Blonde, is like its predecessor, engagingly light and amusing, but it almost collapses because it occasionally fails to be true to its roots.
There's not enough here to sustain a half-hour sitcom, but Reese Witherspoon shoulders the burden with star shine to spare.
The fact that "Blonde 2" is so cute, spirited and, against all possible odds, occasionally funny can only be attributed to Witherspoon's talent.
The idealization of the magnificent dimwit: tilting at intellectual windmills and looking fabulous.
I've learned the ugly truth about Elle Woods: she's only good for one movie.
Flops where it should zing, trotting out cringe-worthy cliches and hoary plot contrivances.
The first one was silly fun, amusing and oddly inventive; the second is plodding, unfunny and almost cringe-worthy.
An even sweeter and lighter whipped confection than Legally Blonde, this hugely enjoyable sequel serves up a generous second helping of the ingredient that made the original such an irresistible hit: the sparkling Reese Witherspoon.
While straight, male audiences probably won't find this movie interesting or funny, for women it could be an important, inspiring and empowering pop cultural experience.
Without Witherspoon, there'd be no reason to watch this movie, but she sashays through it all with her tip-tap walk and sparkly smile.
Legally Blonde 2 airily works not only because of Witherspoon and a game supporting cast, but because, with its bark-and-bite agenda wrapped in a blanket of laughs, has the sense to remember that, first and foremost, it's entertainment.
Legally Blonde was content to tickle you. The new one is something akin to a band that has a surprisingly successful debut deciding to rerecord all their originals and release a 'Greatest Hits' collection for their second CD.
Legally Blonde 2: Red, White and Blonde takes the financially successful formula of Legally Blonde, the Reese Witherspoon hit from two years ago, and does something unexpected. It fiddles with it, changes it and actually fixes it.
The film is a glorified sitcom, but Witherspoon takes it to another enchanted level.
This sequel to the surprise hit is as resistible as a filibuster, as frustrating as a puff of cotton candy that dissolves too quickly on the tongue.
Elle is such a nice person, and Witherspoon so effervescent, it seems impolite to point out that this comedy is hardly ever funny, unless you get a big kick out of seeing small dogs in cute outfits. Over and over and over again.
[A] mediocre sequel to one of 2001's most unexpected pleasures.
If Legally Blonde 2 were a legislative bill, it'd never make it out of committee.
Though there are some funny moments, little in Red, White and Blonde is enjoyable.
A self-serious streak turns the sequel a bit ... brunette.
It's so gosh-darned darling it almost turns your stomach.
It's like being strapped down and forced to read back issues of Lucky magazine.
Despite its familiarity, Blonde 2 doesn't make you want to pull out your hair by its roots.
An early front-runner for dog of the year.
If the first film was a classic designer outfit, this is the cheap knockoff that falls apart as soon as you put it on.
90 minutes of Reese Witherspoon is always worth the price of admission.
Legally Blonde 2 is a shaggy dog story that keeps wagging its tail because the talented Witherspoon has wisely surrounded herself with strong character actors and a director who knows how and when to showcase each of them.
Legally Blonde 2 is both more and less of the same.
It oughta be illegal for a sequel to be as brainless as this dumb Blonde.
Although some good laughs are to be had in Blonde 2, there's really very little tying them together.
While Legally Blonde 2 is bearable in a way that busier and more ambitious unfunny recent comedies like Hollywood Homicide and Alex and Emma are not, it has almost none of the ditsy charm of the original.
Witherspoon more or less carries the entire film on her shoulders, relying on her ability to be ingratiating -- but hey, if it works, why knock it?
The first Reese Witherspoon vehicle was a surprise smash hit, and the second is a surprisingly smashing train wreck.
Never underestimate Witherspoon. She's an actress who takes a potentially irritating character like Elle and renders her impossible not to care about.
You'll have a good time if you consider plenty of pink outfits enough to make a picture worthwhile. Otherwise spend the evening with C-SPAN. It's less boring.
The movie's vision of Congress is hopelessly simplistic and idealistic.
The movie has a brain.
The jokes cover the fact that the story essentially repeats the first movie's plot, even if it has to dumb Elle down to make it work.
C'mon girl...tell the truth...did the screenplay of this cinematic fart convince you to sign on the line that was dotted or did the six zeroes behind the number 15 have anything to do with it?
This flick's lazy attempts at humor -- especially making Bob Newhart say 'fo shizzle my nizzle' -- fall way short of the original.
Runs the risk of lifelessly rehashing the first movie and going through the motions, but the result is actually a film that is snappier and more cheerful.
The movie stands alone as a nice film. But as a companion to the first movie, it tells a fuller story about a great spirit.
In the first film, Witherspoon played innocent, naive and charming on the way to becoming America's newest sweetheart. This time, she just plays stupid.
The film's appeal relies almost entirely on the delightful Reese Witherspoon... who balances irresistibly bright smiles and bubble-gum charm with intestinal fortitude and a dogged determination not to be knocked off her Jimmy Choos.
Not only dull and unfunny, it's appalling, and darned near offensive in its vapidity.
More entertaining than CSPAN and certainly costumed better, but this misses getting my big vote.
You can almost hear a thud every time Legally Blonde 2 deposits one of its "jokes" on the screen.
Reese Witherspoon is still enchanting, but "Legally Blonde 2" suffers from sequel-itis.
Much like she saved Sweet Home Alabama, [Witherspoon] uses her inexhaustible charm and comedic timing to keep this underpowered sequel from sinking into the doldrums.
A decent, but completely forgettable sequel.
The first Legally Blonde was a harmless Clueless rip-off. The second is simply clueless.
Legally Blonde 2 knows what it's doing and takes no risks. Like its titular character, the movie is brightly polished, well-manicured and well-heeled.
Legally Blonde 2 is a movie of many stupid pet tricks and one basic joke.
It's an ice cream soda of a movie, frothy and fun.
Packed with the guilty pleasures of the first film.
Though the stretch marks are obvious, LB2 does manage to milk additional laughs from a fish-out-of-water premise that dates to Loretta Young's Oscar-winning performance in The Farmer's Daughter.
A breezy, largely enjoyable 'fish-out-of-water' comedy that lacks the zip and freshness of the first film.
Some very funny moments, but sequel to the 2001 comedy is mostly an uninspired exercise in recycling.
This time around it feels like pink is last year's black.
As she did in the first movie, Witherspoon deftly navigates the precipice where silliness slips into stupidity.
The original hit the spot like iced sugar water on a hot day; the sequel is all perspiration and no inspiration.
Legally Blonde 2 moves at such a brisk, easy clip that there isn't much time to linger over its flaws.
Elle's blonde may have more fun, but the audience does not.
Once again, Reese Witherspoon, as the perky blonde in pink, triumphs over tissue-thin material, striding resplendently through lame gags and a disjointed plot.
What is missing is the charm that Witherspoon brought to the character of Elle Woods. You couldn't help but like her in that first film but here, the character is simply unbearable.
This movie needs to be less winning, more satirical -- like the first.
The sequel's virtually a photocopy of the 2001 surprise hit.
The real D.C. should move this fast and be as intentionally funny.
new screenwriter Kate Kondell ... and new director Charles Herman-Wurmfeld ("Kissing Jessica Stein") play up "Blonde's" winning aspects and fashion a more consistent confection
An ebullient comedy that will appeal to all lovers of animal's rights, people's democracy, inner flair and a heroine who believes in her own true valiant voice.
Once in awhile slipping into too-outrageous sight-gags and eye-rolling set-ups, Legally Blonde 2 is still a laugh a minute with a healthy dose of puppy love
Reese Witherspoon saves this lightweight film from falling into the bottomless pit of meaningless sequels.
The writers and director can't craft a convincing plot and show little understanding of how Congress works; they have no idea where to take the characters, so they transform everyone into low-camp buffoons.
Within her last three movies, Witherspoon's talent has withered into a sprightly sleepwalk of romantic comedy clichés and bumper-sticker-deep believe-in-yourself messages.
Sends the Blonde Liberation Movement back two decades.
The good news is that Reese Witherspoon is back as smart 'n' savvy Elle Woods. The bad news is that too much is recycled and derivative, rehashing the dumb blonde humor. But never underestimate the box-office appeal of a woman with a French manicure, awes
Takes the formula from the original 2001 hit and simply lathers, rinses and repeats.
...Legally Blonde 2 would be more effective among viewers who haven't seen the original, as this sequel plays out in almost the same way.
A Capitol crime...a garish, dull-witted sitcom as empty-headed as its heroine.
Overmarketed and undercooked, Legally Blonde 2: Red, White & Blonde rehashes everything that was fun and fresh in its predecessor to such bland effect.
there is such a solid core of unshakeable sincerity to Witherspoon's performance that she is completely irresistible
I don't think Reese Witherspoon's heavily marketed charm has worn thin it's just this particular character whose welcome has been blown out.
The filmmakers betray Elle's progress by dumbing her down for the sole purpose of having her conquer the same dumb-blonde stereotypes.
While the first "Legally Blonde" quite impressed me as a fun and funny solid film, "Red White & Blonde" doesn't fill the high-heeled shoes.


















@highlight

This blonde joke is less funny the second time around.