It's a beautiful film. . .Go and see it.
This enviro documentary has its pretensions (I could've done without Wendell Berry intoning poetry), but the 30-year drama it describes couldn't be more timely.
If The Unforeseen has a fault, it would be a slight lack of focus. A flawed, but beautiful documentary.
Powerful study of a landmark struggle between environmentalists and real estate developer in Austin, Texas in the early 90s. A parable for our exhausted, consumerist society that is choking itself to death.
The result is an expansive and ambivalent testament to human ingenuity, human intransigence, and nature's endangered yet enduring power to move.
A thought-provoking documentary that's both informative and strangely poignant--as well as beautifully shot and edited.
By turns rapturously beautiful and unspeakably sad while considering the consequences of unchecked urban sprawl.
Even if the director eventually hard-pedals her pantheist imagery into cliché, this inconvenient truth is discreet, intimate and regularly surprising.
Laura Dunn captures the national ecological battle in microcosm...
No one who sees this intriguing documentary will want to argue with reporter Greider when he forcefully insists, "We need a more mature regard for the future." We do indeed.
[Cinematographer] Daniel has never shot a film for Malick, though you'd hardly guess so, given The Unforeseen's poetic and dreamy shots of nature that, like the images that open the Malick's "The Thin Red Line," hint at an Earthly paradise.
This one purports to be different by including interviews with the evil, rich developers, but the film is very subtly slanted away from them.
The Unforeseen is a poetic and high-minded meditation on American developers' manifest destiny and the cancer it introduces into the natural world.
As frustrating as it is welcome.
Helmer [Laura] Dunn, though her heart is on her sleeve, gives an even-handed view of things from both sides.
An unusually poetic and meditative eco-themed documentary, Laura Dunn's The Unforeseen is as beautiful as it is ultimately depressing.
What do Willie Nelson and one of the world's biggest environmental killers have in common? Austin Texas! A very local perspective on the corporate war on the environment
Though fittingly directed by Laura Dunn, one can't help but feel the presence of producer Terrence Malick.
[Director Laura] Dunn's elegant, full-length debut presents a frightening and powerful argument against the kind of reckless, profit-driven land development that not only threatens natural resources, but life itself.
The Unforeseen explores the rights of man, the death of nature, the water below, the air above and all that going, going, gone green in between.
Calling The Unforeseen a documentary somehow feels crass. It's a work of art.
a striking debut
The movie wavers between Sundance-friendly issue film and spiritual reverie.
Add The Unforeseen to the catalog of artfully produced nonfiction films that show how humans are screwing up the planet.
We can appreciate the film's good intentions, but we can't shake the feeling that we've been talked down to, rather than informed.
One of the great documentaries of our time, The Unforeseen is a rapturous nightmare.
The movie's glacial pace and willingness to let its mind and eye wander that produces its spiritual and intellectual heft-not to mention its atypical visual splendor.
Shots of musty skylines don't pack much power in this post-Inconvenient Truth era, where every luxury hi-rise is advertised as a 'green building.'
The director makes a convincing case against the extremism of property rights when those rights trample on the needs of the public.
It provides a multilayered examination of what it means for society to "develop" and "grow" while depleting its natural resources.
A beautiful, soulful work about real estate development and sprawl, focused on Austin's beloved Barton Springs, and if you think that's impossible you haven't seen it.
The kind of transformative viewing experience that has made the current period a golden age for nonfiction film.
Although Dunn focuses on the particular situation as it has unfolded in Austin, the film is universal, working as a microcosmic model of similar struggles taking place all over the country.






@highlight

A calm documentary that doesn't resort to shrill polemics, The Unforeseen also benefits from great interview subjects and jaw-dropping cinematography.