It's a brilliant, harrowing, emotionally potent documentary by a director with unimpeachable liberal credentials - a Kennedy, no less.
It's a fascinating saga of institutional denial and personal commitment - both of which are somehow bound up in the personal arc of Graham Martin.
Authoritative and exhaustive. A must-watch.
The film is rich in archival-memory and first-person recollections of many key figures, of higher and lower or no rank at all.
Totally unbalanced film. The North Vietnamese army becomes the symbol of invading barbarians when as Walt Kelly put it, "We have met the enemy, and he is us."
Paints a true-life picture of ordinary people with human consciences defying their orders and the law to do the right thing when bureaucracy fails them.
Good, but too narrow in focus and somewhat biased in those whose voices the filmmakers chose to share
If voters are already tired of the red-state/blue-state reductionism in the dialogue surrounding American Sniper and Selma, Last Day's conventionality may turn out to be an asset.
There's nothing innovative in the filmmaking, it's simply a gracefully told story - tense here; poignant there - with strong detailing.
[A] disarming documentary about the fall of Saigon, a movie that is as much about human decency as diplomatic incompetence.
In the film, the morass of strategic confusion, political convenience, and stubborn personalities pushing an agenda is the prelude to a story of startling moral clarity.
"Last Days of Vietnam" comes along to remind us that it's never simple, and that pointing the finger becomes a futile exercise that can only accomplish paralysis.
Archived film of the final, chaotic push to clear the embassy compound by helicopter is as dramatic as any thriller, heightened by stories of bravery and risk.
Splendid period footage and relatively little politics.
Nonfiction filmmaking at its finest, using incredible archival footage and fresh interviews to bring new light on an important, overlooked part of recent history.
"Last Days in Vietnam" isn't just about the horrific mistakes that were made by the U.S. government. It ultimately unveils the untold acts of heroism performed by a select few to save many. It's a true testament to the human spirit.
The film showcases the will and the commitment of brave individuals to do the right thing, defying executive orders even in the face of potentially treasonous consequences.
A testament to people, as one source puts it, "doing their best under terrible circumstances."
This is both a gripping suspense story and a profound moral drama.
Powerful and terrifying.
A vital piece in the ongoing puzzle of the conflict, Last Days in Vietnam is an eye-opening documentary that captures the charged emotions and troubled leadership that fed into an overall sense of panic.
Rory Kennedy's essential film is history as it ought to be revisited, reinvestigated, renewed as documentary.
"Last Days in Vietnam" will be broadcast in April on the long-running PBS series "American Experience." But it holds up on a bigger screen and deserves a large audience earlier than that.
Anyone who thinks history is dry stuff should see "Last Days in Vietnam" - and heed its lessons.
This is a solidly involving documentary that reminds us of one of the worst parts of our history, and of some of the best people who were a part of it.
A film of great sadness, but also a galvanizing depiction of heroism.
There is enough triumph and tragedy and heroism and heartbreak here to fill three or four features, but director Rory Kennedy smartly packs everything into just 98 minutes, and so captures the rushed, chaotic, just-keep-going feel of those dark days.
It's a work that informs, inspires and angers, as it recounts the final hours of a war that Kennedy's uncle John began with the best of intentions, and President Gerald Ford ended with the worst of betrayals.
Deja vu, all over again, and riveting.
Sometimes the stories we think we know, the stories where we don't want to hear another word, turn out to be the most involving of all, the ones we in fact know the least about. So it is with "Last Days in Vietnam."
As a portrait of America in a moment both of idealism and betrayal, the movie is heartbreaking as well as inspiring.
A painstaking look at the heart-breaking situation that unfolded as the Vietnam War came to an abrupt end.
Saying [Last Days in Vietnam] is great is almost an understatement.
Inspiring and thrilling.
Piecing together the myriad and moving vignettes of perseverance and humanity... holds her focus and never succumbs to heavy-handed methods, allowing the participants and events to build the historical experience from the ground up.
"The Last Days in Vietnam," at its core, is about moral courage - the bravery to confront the question of "who goes and who gets left behind," as retired Army colonel Stuart Herrington puts it.
Although Kennedy follows the standard documentary format of archival footage and stills edited with current day interviews, she has constructed her telling of the story so expertly that her work is both moving and riveting.
Well-edited, provocative and thrilling. It would make a great double feature with Hearts and Minds.
By turning her attention to an underreported chapter in recent history, Kennedy has found a trove rich with unreal imagery and stories of heroism in the face of defeat.
In sum, Last Days is the best kind of doc - it ties you up in knots.
That Henry Kissinger is there, uncontested as he pawns off the same dodgy claims he has for four decades, is a problem.
It is hard to believe the events director Rory Kennedy depicts in Last Days in Vietnam, even with incredible archival footage and enlightening interviews.
A riveting tale told in the most pedestrian and unimaginative fashion possible.
As great documentaries do, "Last Days in Vietnam" humanizes events that can seem merely factual in news reports and textbooks.
One of the things that makes Kennedy's film so powerful is that it's not just a story of stupidity and tragedy and incompetence, although there's more than enough of those qualities to be found in the history of America's Vietnamese misadventure.
Perhaps the most striking thing about "Last Days in Vietnam," Rory Kennedy's eye-opening documentary about the 1975 evacuation of the American Embassy in Saigon, is how calmly it surveys what was once among the angriest topics in American political life.
Emotion packed thriller of America's Southeast Asia Dunkirk.
masterful and Oscar-worthy...
"Last Days of Vietnam" is eerily foreboding for its implicit warnings to the fallout of political abandonment. But it's also, on a more micro level, inspiring. Even in failed wars, lives can be saved.
This fact-driven doc is eye-opening and at times thrilling. A sequence following a chopper pilot trying to get his family to an American aircraft carrier is like a short film unto itself.
It's not a documentary that reinvents the form or will alter anyone's perception of the war, but sometimes a rich, exhaustive chronicle is more than enough.
The grit of men and women scrambling desperately for freedom ahead of death and/or torture at the hands of the communists makes for a testament to human determination.
Riveting ...
This film is stellar, a dead-on stare at the moments this country tries not to remember.
For American viewers who don't know, the doc will be a worthy footnote to a long bout of deliberate cultural amnesia, but it's too telling that the Vietnamese remain in the background.
First-person accounts put audience into gripping you-are-there Saigon, April 1975. . .When it sticks with those with no political investment, testimonies are quite moving.
A "you are there" documentary with all the excitement and heartbreaks of a fast-moving narrative movie.
Any one of the episodes related in this doc could be adapted as its own feature-length Hollywood production.
The film tells in great detail a gripping moment in history that will enrich an audience's understanding and shine a light on less and moments that might otherwise go unrecognised.
"Last Days in Vietnam" combines astonishing footage from April 1975 with the contemporary recollections of some who were there.

@highlight

As gripping as it is inspiring, Last Days in Vietnam offers a surprisingly fresh -- and heart-wrenching -- perspective on the end of the Vietnam War.