We are regaled with the spectacle of sparky girl characters, who are aimed squarely at an impressionable tween girl audience, walking about in the sorts of high-fashion outfits you normally see on a catwalk or in the bar of a five-star hotel.
Faced with the heroines' high-pitched shrieking, though, you'll soon be feeling enviouz of the deaf dreamboat one of them falls for.
When I walked out during the end credits, Voight was spying on our triumphant heroines through binoculars, making me feel even dirtier than when I sheepishly approached the box office and requested, "One for Bratz, please."
It's derivative stuff, and played very straight despite its comical aspirations: this is Mean Girls without the irony.
How do our flighty young heroines fight back? By shopping, of course. There is no problem, it seems, a new tube top and mini-skirt can't fix.
It spouts mush about being true to your friends and to yourself but admits you also need awesome clothes.
Sadly, the fact that it's attached to a successful toyline means it barely matters whether it's good or not.
Bratz is a surprisingly watchable movie. It could certainly have been a lot worse.
The flashy foursome seemingly insist from the outset that they're no Barbies. Or are they.
By right Bratz should have had no potential at all. Yet it is still disappointing to see the handful of clever ideas and heartfelt themes smothered by corporate, focus-group filmmaking.
Material girls in immaterial comedy for tweens.
Lessons about friendship and tolerance in this live-action toy story are sidelined in favour of a desire to increase unit sales.
A cloying, tween-oriented confection that clearly doesn't think much of its target audience.
The cast and crew bring to the project the refreshing energy, pop and fizz of a cold diet soda on a hot summer day.
Whoever thought that "Bratz" deserved the attention of this screenplay should be spanked.
Bratz (freaky looking teen dolls for girls whose parents won't let them play with real teenagers) is now a high school movie made for people in Grade 6.
Bad even by the low standards of its genre.
The ultracommercialized result of taking a lucrative doll line and feeding it through the Disney Channel actress-singer hyphenate starlet machine.
It's all rather flat and inept.
An utterly harmless time-passer, but one which has little appeal beyond its target audience.
Apparently Jon Voight can do worse than "Baby Geniuses 2"
[The Bratz are] so air-headed they might have written the bubble-gum script themselves...
With all apologies to Liza Minnelli, Bratz with a z simply goes zzzzz...
Not that I was expecting much out of a movie based on a line of dolls, but this is an amateur production that should have gone straight to basic cable.
This film plays like an overproduced music video, swamping message and talent alike.
Featuring an atrocious script, weak acting, lazy direction, and even worse editing, it fails to entertain and doesn't even qualify under the so-bad-it's-good category.
Everything about the movie exists in a hermetically sealed vacuum of stupidity.
A silly movie that's essentially a series of clichés strung together into a semblance of a movie.
Just when you think the agony has subsided and the kids have to go home for supper, a freakin' music video breaks out.
A cut above the usual dramas aimed at teen female audiences, not least because it's about more than shopping and romance.
...if this isn't the most mind-numbingly idiotic movie made this century, it gives others something to shoot at.
"Awesomely" tacky live-action feature based on the popular fashion floozies.
The empty-headed song, 'Brattitude,' makes the ditties in High School Musical sound like Stephen Sondheim.
Shrill and shallow to putrid extremes... one of the most blatantly offensive movies ever to be aimed at young audiences.
Although the film at times seems more a showcase for the trendy clothes specifically tailored for each character's unique personality, it does convey a positive message about loyalty and friendship.
Bratz is a disappointment because the characters come off less as the girly superheroes they should be, and more as, well, brats.
Others who watch with more sense than adoration will likely be dumbfounded by the venal messages of pettiness and possession that the movie honors above all else.
Always dressed and coiffed like perfect dolls, the Bratz reaffirm sisterhood by heading for the mall.
The proud owners of Bratz dolls almost surely have had more imaginative fantasies about them than anything onscreen.
Parents of tween daughters everywhere beware: the brain rot that infects this movie might be contagious.
[An] excruciatingly inane high-school comedy inspired by a line of sexually suggestive dolls aimed at 9-year-old girls.
The best that can be said about the big-screen Bratz is that they are not nearly as appalling as their toy-shelf twins.
Bratz teems with jaw-dropping stereotypes even as it tries to throw a meager bone or two to intellectual achievement.
At least they don't have the girls dolled up as the next freshman class at Lap Dancing Tech.
O.M.G! This movie is SO BAD!
Parents beware. Bratz will rot your child's mind, drain her soul and likely encourage early Botox dependency.
If you let your daughter see this movie, set aside time to discuss the sea of mixed messages.
Frivolous, and ultimately forgettable? Of course. But if this movie is about high school tolerance, then superficial teenagers deserve our compassion, too.
This atrocious comedy doesn't have an idea in its head but still screams at the top of its lungs, taking pains to distinguish between its rich heroines and their even richer enemies (including Jon Voight).
If you ever wanted a movie to put in the time capsule so future generations can puzzle over the bankruptcy of our current kiddie culture, Bratz is it.
Sean McNamara's cheesy Bratz: The Movie is ludicrous and almost perverse. Even more upsetting is the fact that no effort was made whatsoever in hiding ideas appropriated by teen films.
You see, when these barely legal billboards walk down the street in short skirts and porn star makeup, they're just expressing their creativity and livin' life to the fullest. Holla!
The derivative Bratz is a great big pink marshmallow of a movie, aimed at one demographic only: tween girls into fashion and lip gloss. Anyone else, enter at your own risk.
It takes a certain amount of genius to stage a derisive spoof of MTV's My Super Sweet 16 while enthusiastically aping the very materialism it promotes.
Viewers who are not girls age 8 to 12 will likely spend most of the movie staring in disbelief.
The dialogue is stupid, the plot is stupid, and unfortunately, the stars are as brainless as their plastic counterparts. This is girl power?
Little more than a long-form music video that isn't that far removed from its direct-to-DVD animated predecessors.
Bad not for its message or values, but for simply being a flat-out awful abortive trainwreck of a disastrous pile of worthless stupid garbage of an utter mess of a movie, even by the low, low standards of Movies Based on Toys.
And I thought I Now Pronounce You Chuck & Larry was hypocritical.
I suspect 8-year-old girls will like it just fine.
This is why the terrorists hate us.
There isn't a moment of truth or perception in its miserable 98 minutes; this film's view of high school is so skewed from reality and so insulting in its contempt that it's almost scary to think preteen girls would fall for it.
For a formulaic comedy about shallow, shopping-obsessed teenagers, it's about twice as good as it has any right to be.
There is a lot for both kids and their parents to like about this film. Its heroines deal with some real-life issues with dignity and resourcefulness. Its portrayal of the pull of cliques and conformity is sweet and smart.
M&M-colored high school fantasia for aspirational 10- and 12-year-old girls who'll be shocked (or, hopefully, delighted) when they get to ninth grade and find out life isn't so super-Bratz-fabulous.
Dumb, garish and formulaic...as plastic as the dolls it's based on.
It's earnest, silly and sweet, with just enough food fights and musical numbers to keep everyone else from gagging on the goo.
Bratz is like being raped by MySpace.
The girls in the live-action Bratz movie look less - what's the right word? - whorish than the dolls, but the lifestyle their movie is selling is no less disturbing.
The filmmakers have gone below the lowest common denominator, aiming a teenage story at 8-year-old girls. It's clunky, condescending and insulting.
Our heroines set out to prove to the school that it's just as important to pick your BFFs on the basis of shared shopping practices. Calling that a positive spin takes some serious ballz -- as does trapping Jon Voight in his most embarrassing role...
Voight's shameless participation in this project could be a whole topic unto itself: the bottoming-out of Oscar winners.
Wow, is this movie mind-numblingly vapid and shrill.
In the end, the most offensive part of Bratz isn't its stereotypes or brand expansion; it's the sorry state of Jon Voight's career.
You go, girlz. Mom and Dad will wait in the car.
For all its blather about 'letting your spirit soar,' it's really about furthering an MTV-defined version of cool, which means too many clothes, too little education and too much money.
The storyline is almost too easy to rag on, what with its almost complete incoherence and dead-serious evocation of Mean Girls by way of McNamara's own Raise Your Voice.


@highlight

Full of mixed messages and dubious role-models, Bratz is too shallow even for its intended audience.