Surely it isn't too much to expect more than a string of clichés about why men and women don't communicate well.
... it was entertaining and it addressed all the normal relationships troubles people face each day.
While the star-studded line up may seem impressive, it only serves to draw the long-winded film out even further.
He's Just Not That Into You is just insultingly average in every way, spending 129 minutes telling us what we already know: girls and boys don't always click.
Your men folk will be bored out of their minds but you've dragged them to worse. It tries hard anyway. And since the whole thing is about advice on men let me give some; never take relationship advice from Candace Bushnell.
He's Just Not That Into You wishes it were Love, Actually crossed with The Break-Up, but it plays more like a horror movie for the WASP set.
Works as an hour episode of Oprah or a thirty-minute episode of Sex and the City, but as a full length movie -- I'm just not that into it.
Everyone pitches in, but it isn't enough to rescue a tedious, fragmented, scattershot script.
A how-to happy ending training manual for aspiring female objects of desire, while movies about men have to do with the really big challenges they face, like beating up alien invaders or saving the planet. Doormat duty alert: She's Just Not That Onto You.
Despite some definite tendencies toward the formulaic, He's Just Not That Into You actually has half a brain in its head.
It's really a relationship comedy more than a romantic comedy, since a lot of the film is concerned with demonstrating when one should walk away, rather than when to lean in for the kiss and cleave.
I romantiki gkomenti, poy paei tis romantikes gkomenti se nea epipeda prosbolis ton hazogkomenon poy trabaei ap' ti myti os target group
This voyeuristic escapist fare offers a mixed bag of goodies.
People often do stupid things for love. That doesn't mean it's worth making a movie about these acts of folly.
He's Just Not That Into You is a standard chick flick, which isn't necessarily a bad thing: it's cute and comic and organized according to fixed, mostly ancient gender roles.
Tangles its large cast of characters and storylines into virtual knots.
Distinctly overlong yet ultimately rewarding...
Boasts a lot of heart, humor, and honesty.
Despite a final surge of romantic sweetness, it's just not funny or engaging
Though the actors involved are mostly major players, the material they've been given to work with is very old hat.
Clever one-liners and a screenplay that doesn't try too hard to be poignant or contrived make for an easy-going film that will lead to interesting post-movie discussion.
He's Just Not That Into You is like reliving your 20s, without any of the fun.
I thought there was a level of sophistication in the relationships that I certainly did not expect.
The movie gets smothered by one romantic comedy cliché after another.
Some of the more annoying people you'll meet in sometime onscreen.
A cast of appealing big-name talent marginally pulls this messy romantic comedy into positive territory.
Ginnifer Goodwin does better than most in her role as the obsesed cyber-stalker. But underneath the easy laughs, it's a mean-spirited film.
Though it offers many laughs and cringe-worthy moments of failed male/female interaction, in denying its own title the film becomes just another dream factory romantic comedy.
Easily ranks as one of the better relationship films of the past decade.
Though there are bright moments -- and it's probably a good Valentine's Day date movie -- the lack of real originality and astringency is regrettable.
Like Sex And The City without the shopping and the laughs. What's left? A modicum of sex and a vast amount of talk.
I was totally into this movie. Didn't think I would be; didn't really want to be; but I was.
The film has a few funny jokes, and I'd sooner watch this kind of fluff than endure a humourless middlebrow relationship drama.
Empty calories, maybe, but tasty enough.
It's far from a revolutionary film, but it's still quite enjoyable, thanks to an attractive cast and some funny moments.
The women are catty, whiny depressives with zero personality. The men are shallow, flippant and lack the emotional depth of a grapefruit spoon.
Cliche ridden, predictable, filled with characters so inane that you marvel they made it to adulthood -- and dull, dull, dull.
Seven smiles on the poster of a movie about rejection? Why not make an airy romantic comedy called You've Got Melanoma?
Watching Scarlett Johansson work is almost like being abducted by aliens. All the "missing time" but none of the inappropriate prodding.
Enjoyable in the easy, familiar way that many other variations on the original French La Ronde have been (think Love, Actually without the wackiness or British accents).
A message to women: this movie is undermining and traducing your sex.
Somehow love conquers all in this lengthy but engaging ensemble piece.
Easily as generic a chick flick as has come down the pike in many a moon.
This is a movie for people who can't get enough of Sex and the City and are willing to settle for clones.
This glossy, soporific ensemble dramedy manages to drain most of the fun out of modern-day romance.
cynicism tempered nicely with a warmly perceptive story about the perils and pleasures of the mating dance,a dance where everyone is flying blind and working without a net.
If you've heard of the book, here's a romantic-comedy version of it.
Girl porn for The Bachelor set.
Sorry, I'm just not that into The Love Boat.
Like that's a problem for Scarlett Johansson, Jennifer Connelly and the rest of these people.
It looks harmless enough, this chick flick about attraction, rejection and commitment, but if you look closer, you might be irritated to discover women are portrayed as brainless, man-crazy twits unable to think straight when it comes to the mating game
Cheating, trying to get laid, and attempting to wrangle the opposite sex into marriage or something quite like it, never seemed so dull.
Every nuance, every jot and tittle, every definition of male and female relationships is said in the first 45 minutes. The movie runs 2:09.
Smartly written, but about 30 minutes too long, "He's Just Not That Into You" features a sharp cast and some fine performances.
Sometimes shooting from the hip, sometimes aiming for the heart, HJNTIY -- like a nearsighted Cupid -- hits and misses.
The "star-studded" cast seems to have been selected according to their Premiere power ranking and/or desperation for exposure.
The title and cast are sure to lure women in by the droves - but surprisingly there's something to like here for the guys, too.
The story about five women navigating male treachery is so busy getting all its talking points in that it leaves no room for recognizable life.
He's Just Not That Into You feels like a sitcom that resolves each mini-dilemma before going to commercial.
He's Just Not That Into You succeeds more with clever one-liners than in its uneven scenarios. But it's light and entertaining, and its heart -- visible amid the cynicism -- is in the right place.
A few truly profound statements emerge from the swirling hormones.
Despite its antecedents, He's Just Not That Into You feels fresh and observant.
He's Just Not That Into You never soars, but it never flags. It remains brisk, engaging and pleasant throughout.
Somewhere along the way, He's Just Not That Into You starts taking all the wrong forks in the road of romance and ends up nowhere.
That a star-filled romantic comedy based on a pop best-seller adheres to convention doesn't surprise, but the filmmakers go too far by forcing two of the most pathological characters together.
While calculated to be grittier than the typical romantic comedy, it's still a shallow, sitcom view of complex human interactions.
If your director can't elicit some terrific performances with actors such as Johansson, Aniston, Connelly and Barrymore, it's time to replace him and get someone who can.
Couples who want to stay happy might want to think twice before seeking out a movie about how the majority of relationships end up making people paranoid and miserable.
Scratch the surface, and the movie's underpinnings are an insult to women everywhere -- the film is slick stupid propaganda for the myth of The One True Love that wastes the talents of fine actresses.
What makes He's Just Not That Into You work are the things that Hollywood does well -- a few good jokes, a lot of pleasant performances and two brief hours of grown-up entertainment and escape.
Nominally based on a 2004 nonfiction best seller by two Sex and the City writers, the movie version of He's Just Not That Into You delivers, with far less wit, the same message as the show.
Yes, that's an impressive collection of actors. And yes, it's deflating to watch them wandering in and out of half-written scenes with no discernable direction.
What makes this one a cut above the generic is a tart dose of drama and hard-bitten intelligence amid the candy corn.
A sweet confection of a romantic comedy.
Appealing but unsurprising romcom dispenses familiar wisdom.
It's a different kind of commercial romcom, and more serious toward its material than most. No life-changer, but worth a date night at least.
Before it gets all gooey in the last reel, the film casts an eye on the self-destructive ways so many young women approach love and romance.
A half-full/half-empty romantic comedy, He's Just Not That Into You, is probably the best you can expect from a glib non-fiction self-help book that was rewritten into a feature film.
Pretty routine, pretty forgettable.
The saddest thing about this film, coming on the heels of the deplorable Bride Wars, is it continues the trend of supposed chick flicks that treat women as complete morons. Ladies, you're better than this. Way better.
He's Just Not That Into You has a likable cast going for it. Yet it suffers from its own relationship myopia.
Somehow, director Ken Kwapis and screenwriters Abby Kohn and Marc Silverstein have managed to construct a movie that stays on its feet.
Director Ken Kwapis has the right touch for this material, making pointed observations without spilling blood.
This would be more than enough material for any self-respecting romantic comedy-drama, but director Ken Kwapis and writers Abby Kohn and Marc Silverstein think they're making the kind of statement that needs to be dragged out to 125 minutes.
It's a film that lets you embrace the lightheartedness of it all, even while chuckling knowingly at the absurdity.
It is the exception to the rule, proving that even bad movies can offer up just enough of merit and wonderment to make them, not just worthwhile, but for the romantically inclined in particular very nearly essential.
He's Just Not That Into You stands as an amusing yet potent reminder than when we live for ourselves instead of others, everyone loses.
The scattershot approach to storytelling doesn't do justice to any one storyline, making it nearly impossible to care much about any particular character.
Parental Content Review
He's Just Not That Into You is a standard chick flick, which isn't necessarily a bad thing: it's cute and comic and organized according to fixed, mostly ancient gender roles.
Romantic roundelay adapted from a self-help book tries to make a statement about dating in the new millennium, but gets mired in a labyrinthine soap opera of doormats and dudes.
Anyone who has been in a relationship can appreciate a film like this because it just exposes the guts and glory of it all.
Bright 'n' breezy, conveying a pop-psychology message about hope, picking up the pieces, starting over and moving on.
Nine twenty- and thirtysomethings in Baltimore wrestle with the mysteries and misunderstandings of sexual politics.
Are women desperate or just desperately stupid? This is the misogynist question at the core of He's Just Not That Into You, a women-bashing tract disguised as a chick flick.
It comes from, of all things, a best-selling 2004 self-help book by Greg Behrendt and Liz Tuccillo, which may explain why the characters are all behavior and no humanity.
Imagine an action flick in which the hero spends the entire movie chasing the villain without the satisfaction of smashing his enemy to smithereens.
It's about social responsibility. Everyone's so afraid of hurt feelings. People need to stop making excuses. Hey, it's not all okay. Get over it. And also, stop asking your friends to make you feel better. They give the worst advice. Just go out and have
An unendurable relationship-romcom, which you should avoid the way you would a glass of punch with a frothy gob of Anthrax floating on the surface.
This is a would-be chick-flick of excruciating banality.
Plenty of people are going to hate He's Just Not That Into You, but that sentiment is often the best indicator that a movie is doing something interesting.
An all-star cast breathes life into a so-so romantic drama that, aimed squarely at unlucky-in-love women, stands up admirably alongside flicks such as Sex And The City.
Expect lots of jokes about how long it should take a man to call you back after the first date. You're either into that, or you're not.
I was gagging for a good, fun, brainless chick-flick fix. And gagging's exactly what I ended up doing throughout most of this latest inexplicable exercise in making me despise my own gender.
Overstays its welcome and often feels contrived and overstuffed with neurotic, whinny and annoying characters who need a lot of therapy.
You may have to hold your nose to get through some of it, but He's Just Not That Into You is dangerously slick and attractive enough to suck you in regardless.
With some good performances and conscious avoidance of a lot of the trappings of the genre, audiences are likely to fall for this romantic comedy, even if they don't feel good about it in the morning.
This romantic hit will be swooning all the girls and breaking hearts everywhere.
The women are so unappealing, for the most part, that this may be the first movie in a long time where many viewers will leave the theater wishing that there had been more Ben Affleck.
A crowded ensemble comedy with some big names, some great performances, some stories you don't care about, and some dialogue that will have you laughing so hard you will drop your Milk Duds.
The film balances humor with some sharply observed moments and painfully familiar conversations that are sure to provoke lively debates on the way home from the theater.
this movie will blindside your intelligence.
The result is Woody Allen lite, with some deft observations about how the social media designed to bring singles together are actually coming between them.
Is this what we want in our romantic comedies? Is it too much to hope for smart, dimensional female characters who have more to them than marriage lust (see also -- or rather, don't -- Bride Wars)?
The movie makes it seem worthwhile, even noble, to wait around for cads to change their ways. No doubt the film's happy endings will only perpetuate more delusion and heartbreak.
The movie plays like Love Actually with half the brains and none of the nerve.
This plodding, overlong film is like an awkward first date with an attractive setup whose heart isn't in it: polite, dull and seemingly unending.
...occasionally sweet and occasionally funny but also infrequently relatable, oddly dated and often downright off putting.
Until a rash of ridiculous happy endings takes all the bite out of the premise, He's Just Not That Into You has some fun with its bubble gum tone.
Unusually perceptive and thoughtful, He's Just Not That Into You nevertheless doesn't pretend to have all the answers when it comes to matters of the heart. That is precisely as it should be.
As a date movie, it's as toxic as Chernobyl.
He's Just Not That Into You can't help but approximate its unsatisfying elevation of chit-chat into a primary mode of rom-com narrative communication, a bad omen for the genre going forward.
The real question is, why didn't they re-title the movie He's Just Not That Into You ... Until He Is?
There are laughs here and there, but of the pleasant, forgettable and often predictable kind, and you keep hoping for something with a little more heft, given the marquee names.
He's Just Not That Into You is smart for what it is, but it refuses to be condescendingly smarter than the people it exists to please. And that makes it even smarter.
The movie is short on narrative and long on advice, but still has a touch of sweetness.
The fact that you won't remember any of these names for more than a minute should indicate exactly how much depth each character displays.
In your face, Bride Wars.
The problem with most of the film's women is that they are interested in only (a) the opposite sex, (b) dating and (c) marriage.
What's depressing about this movie and others like it is the low bar it sets for both modern women and the movies that seek to represent them.
A tediously uninvolving ensemble mating-go-round that shuffles together a group of boring Baltimore characters in what's supposed to be--but isn't--an effervescent romantic roundelay.
This fails to quit while it's ahead, running more than two hours and repeating its point in patronising fashion.
The cretinous script is in no hurry to explain how this anguish will be resolved. The result is a masterclass in Method dullness.
The film is a gelatinous mess of tones and characters aching to solidify, only to find the chilly reality of dating and marriage perhaps too isolating to candidly confront.
It's a satisfying mix, with standout performances from Aniston and Big Love's Goodwin as a romantic looking for Mr. Right in a world of sour apple martinis. One weakness? Johansson has played the tarty femme fatale better in past movies. Otherwise, we are
The whole resembles a soufflé which simply refuses to rise. Maybe I was just not that into it.
The ensemble cast includes Drew Barrymore and Jennifer Aniston in what feels like a Friends-style chick flick for the unwise lovelorn.
A muddled he-said-she-said yarn that, even in this supposedly enlightened age, manages to reduce most of its characters (male and female) to the most base stereotypes.
You can do far worse than this when it comes to a date movie, but knowing so much about how the opposite sex thinks will surely put a quick and sour end to date night.
This is one of those movies that is always about what it's about. It's like Crash, only about love instead of racism. And with more intentional humor.
This matrix of pursuit and romance was given to Ken Kwapis to direct. And, direct. And, direct.
Like a really good date, you'll be crossing fingers this one won't end until the morning.
He's Just Not That Into You turns romantic sanity into something so sanitized that it starts to make delusion look good.
It has all the depth of a television sitcom parody. In the end, it's hard to tell who is more miserable -- the losers on the screen or the victims in the audience.
Even at this length, there's not enough time to fully service many of the characters.
After more than two hours, what we're left with feels like a Robert Altman movie on Botox. It has some real substance and heft, but it also might be a bit too glossy.
There isn't much chemistry, thanks to the limited screen time the couples have to share with many other couples.
The comedy is perfunctory, almost as if the filmmakers wanted their child to be a drama but didn't feel confident enough in the material to proceed without a layer of false levity to keep things from becoming too serious.
Guys, take her to see it. You don't want to send her off to see it with her girlfriends %u2013 because who knows what they'll say afterward.
This Sex and the City serio comedy for the twentysomething crowd is too episodic and fractured, even if the amiable ensemble tries hard to capture how new technology has changed rituals of dating, marriage and divorce
An intermittently engaging ensemble which outstays its welcome but contains some peppy performances and amusing observations.
A not-quite-romantic-comedy that should click with the young-adult demos of both sexes.
There's not much here for men, or for that matter, women who understand that the complexity of human relationships doesn't reduce to catchphrases.








@highlight

Despite the best efforts of a talented cast, He's Just Not That Into You devotes too little time to each of its protagonists, thus reducing them to stereotypes.