A bland feel-good flick with a positive message.
Sweet and good-natured, but ultimately it's as unremarkable as its animation.
Old-fashioned, sweet, but ultimately disposable family fare with echoes of better films from Toy Story to The Iron Giant.
misguided and poorly executed
Young boys may be enchanted by the inspirational adventure, but for anyone over the age of nine, Yankee's journey is ultimately a dull one paved with good intentions.
The setup of this computer-animated feature is strained, the story is contrived, and the ending is downright silly.
The opportunity to talk to the kids who see this little film about the Reeves' story -- a real-life triumph of inspiration over tragedy -- is perhaps the best tribute to the couple this film provides.
I suspect that most kids will get more excitement and thrills out of even the most meaningless end-of-season regulation ball game than they will with this film.
While this might sound amusing, animated inanimate objects can only do so much bouncing and rolling before their shtick gets stale.
It's a shallow, treacly movie for children too little to question its many pointless puerilities.
Way out of the league of any of the Disney/Pixar or Dreamworks animated films.
It's difficult to find out just how much work Reeve did on the picture before his death two years ago, but the credit is a curious button on a very strange CG animated film.
A very unappealing animated feature about Babe Ruth, baseball, and family values.
There is absolutely nothing hip or cool about Everyone's Hero, but it's so sweet, and so pleasant, and so nice that I found it impossible to dislike.
A sweet but very forgettable animated adventure.
Maybe I don't know what kids today like, but I have sympathy for the parents. This movie is so stupid. If I were four, I'd much rather just watch Baby Einstein on a continuous loop. At least it looks pretty.
I left the theatre wishing I could return to the days when I was a lot more like Yankee Irving than I'd care to admit.
The movie is a feast of miscalculations.
... a modestly engaging mix of broad comedy and nostalgic fable, spiked with a few unwelcome sprinklings of gross-out gags.
Everyone's Hero is a sweet, inspirational movie that doesn't offer any surprises, but entertains youthful audiences in a gentle, almost old-fashioned way.
... feels more like a 1950s cartoon.
It's all good fun, but the film really only works if one buys its more awkward elements.
... just another forgettable entry at the end of a summer that offered an unprecedented amount of mediocre animated films.
The humor and action should please kids from 5 to 10, while adults won't need to squirm.
The script is anachronistic and trite ...
No one but the youngest in the family will care much about it ...
[A] simple, pleasant film ...
Animated in name only, Everyone's Hero is the uninspired tale of Yankee Irving (Jake T. Austin), a 10-year-old baseball fanatic who finds himself in possession of Babe Ruth's stolen bat ...
... a tame CGI cartoon for the simple-minded: the very young, the very old and Yankee fans.
... amiable ...
Christopher Reeve was working on when he died, and they had to finish it for him, right? He should have had a better monument than this.
It's safe to say that in the annals of baseball movies, there has never been a picture quite like Everyone's Hero. That's not really intended as a compliment.
Maybe a part of me feels like I have to be nice.
Five days after screening Everyone's Hero, I'm still cringing a little, in my grown-up, jaded way, at the cute, corny, earnestness of the film.
Despite its slow pace, Hero's message of perseverance is inspiring, coming from the Reeves, who both faced adversity with remarkable grace. If you're yearning for a simpler time, the innocence of Hero may hit a home run for you.
Kids -- little ones -- might be OK with Hero, but mom and dad will need to join the talking bat for a double mochaccino in order to make it through its 85-minute running time.
The cartoon is amiable enough and has bright comic moments.
Everyone's Hero is an after-school special stretched to feature-film length.
Managing a little warm-and-fuzzy by the end, the story is so dopily convoluted that even six-year-olds will have a hard time suspending their disbelief.
A likable, lumbering, computer-animated children's movie set during the Depression that is more entertaining than it has any right to be.
Among other notable missteps, the animated feature Everyone's Hero tries to convince us that arrogant perennial winners the New York Yankees are good guys, while lovable losers the Chicago Cubs are bad guys. Say what?
This handsomely animated, well-directed and -voiced G-rated film, set in the hope-starved era of the Depression, takes on special poignancy as the last directing project of Christopher Reeve.
It's a shame that Christopher Reeve's final directorial effort could not have been a more fitting, and lasting, tribute.
This computer-animated baseball adventure espouses a shopworn moral about persevering against long odds, but there's still plenty to recommend it, including memorable characters, solid storytelling, and accurate period detail.
Everyone's Hero is a perfectly serviceable bit of family animation -- neither overtly saccharine nor overly sanguine.
If it's not in the same league of talking-inanimate-object cartoons as Cars, at least we can say it has heart. And that's always more important than stars.
Everyone's Hero is just the same old over-produced CGI-animated sap they keep shoveling at the kids--except there's a talking baseball and bat in this one. Fun!
The humor is gentle and fun-loving, the messages positive and the colors bright and cheery.
Christopher and Dana Reeves provide a paean to courage and not giving up, giving a slap in the face to Clint Eastwood's glorification of weakness and surrender, Million Dollar Baby.
This Fox effort isn't in the same ballpark as Pixar. It's not even in the same league.
Everyone's Hero has good values, a decent story and a happy ending. It will probably play a lot better on video, but for the moment it's on the big screen.
If you've always wanted to hear inanimate objects argue with each other in the personas of Cranky Jewish Guy and Sassy Black Woman, this is a dream come true.
[A] funny, sweet testament to... indefatigable endurance in the face of the most trying of circumstances...
perfect for what it is supposed to be - a nice little inspirational tale with a good message for young children
...has so much inspirational blather it makes you want to shove a bat down your throat, yet there are enough visual notes to keep you from self-inflicted injury.
I can't say Everyone's Hero strikes out -- it might distract little kids for a while -- but the directors needn't bother practicing their home run trots.
The indomitable spirit of Christopher Reeve shines through this little story.
Means well, but it's as bland as a stale slice of dry white bread.
Never explains its stupid idea of a talking baseball and a talking bat...The filmmakers presume too much in assuming we'll accept the "magic" "realism"...
As if being the lousiest team in baseball isn't bad enough, now the Chicago Cubs are being called out by a cartoon.
While this could be a hit with undemanding small fry, choosy adults might prefer to whistle for Lassie.
The movie means well and, like tee ball, it's probably best suited for the littlest kids only.
A likable, good-natured family show -- one that takes a typical boyhood fantasy of improbable sports heroics and inflates it into a cracked cartoon odyssey.
Everyone's Hero is a labor of love. And that clearly comes through in this feel-good animated feature about a 10-year-old boy, Yankee Irving, who becomes an unlikely World Series hero for the 1932 New York Yankees.
Predictable and bland...it would be hard to muster any adjective stronger than 'pleasant' to describe it.
Everyone's Hero re-creates Depression-era America with surprisingly agreeable anachronistic panache.
It's a charming story aimed at the youngsters in the audience, but it ends up being just as appealing to the adults. ... The animation is superb and imaginative.
Unlike Monster House and The Iron Giant, there's no sense of magic and danger to this bland animation, which illuminates nothing or enriches the possibilities of its genre.



@highlight

Everyone's Hero is such a predictable and bland tale that it'll appeal mostly to little kids; others seeking something in Pixar's league are looking in the wrong ballpark.