It's faithful to the comic origins without being slavish, draws ideas from the entire run of the series, and stirs a self-aware sense of humor through the action while still taking the enterprise seriously.
His well-honed acting chops aside, a big reason the casting of Downey as Stark works so darn well is that incorrigible streak, which he somehow always has been able to balance with an irrepressible likability and which he uses to full effect here.
Injecting the brilliantly bright, quick, and clever life force that is Robert Downey Jr. into the comic-book superhero realm is a masterstroke, a kick in the head to the tired franchises of the genre.
Led by Downey's career-resurrecting performance as billionaire weapons peddler Tony Stark, it proves just as indispensable to the movie's giddy escapist appeal as the seamless CGI effects and eye-popping pyrotechnics.
Downey updates the superhero prototype with a unique blend of bravado and wit.
Iron Man is enjoyable, snappily scripted, unpatronising entertainment, but it can't dispel a niggling sense that it's not quite as good as you want it to be.
While Iron Man seems to be an OK comic-book flick, I wish it could've been just as sparkling as Downey's performance. But hey, it could've been worse.
Downey's performance is larger and more animated than the action and special effects; he's the heart beneath Iron Man's titanium plating and the best reason to see the film.
Neither the message nor the sparingly used special effects get in the way of entertainment, proving Iron Man really is a throwback to a kinder, gentler and decidedly more fun era of subversive filmmaking.
What gives this its distinction [is] Robert Downey Jr, who is terrific.
It's Downey who anchors the movie's mayhem and special effects with a caustic wit and an intense, centered humanity.
Director Jon Favreau tries to enliven the story with comic elements, but the plot trudges along a well-trodden path to a weary conclusion.
Diehard fans will salivate, while newbies will find themselves drawn in by Downey's beguiling cool, his character's unexpected pathos, and a suit of armor we'll all want for Christmas.
Ultimately the inspired casting, snappy humour and whizz-bang technology are the equivalent of giving your old car a new coat of paint. Iron Man is entertaining, but it still runs on the same old superhero formula.
Iron Man manages to be both a lot of fun, and quite possibly the most effective commentary on the war on terror that Hollywood has produced so far -- not the best argued or the most committed, but the one that most people will see, and think about.
The real joy of Iron Man is its humour.
He's slyly funny and charmingly despicable in the early stretches of the film, which seem to good-naturedly spoof Downey's wild-child image. He also manages to make Stark's (literal) change of heart thoroughly convincing.
Despite the crisis-of-conscience theme, all of this could have been pretty standard fare. But Favreau had the sense to cast Downey, who does for this potential franchise what Johnny Depp did for Pirates of the Caribbean.
Director Jon Favreau builds a sturdy foundation for a franchise, an origins story that isn't as familiar as Batman's or Spider-Man's and unburdened by the angst of murdered relatives and messianic guilt.
There's a satisfyingly climactic CGI battle, but Downey Jr tops it in the witty denouement with pure acting skill.
Powered by Downey's charisma and state-of-the-art visuals, actor-director Favreau's vibrant franchise-starter makes RoboCop look like Dixon of Dock Green.
Iron Man presents us with the most inventive, dynamically DIY superhero ever seen on the big screen.
Iron Man never feels like a laboured prologue that's simply laying the groundwork for further instalments. It's a zippy, action-packed adventure in its own right, boasting top-drawer special effects and some cracking action sequences.
Iron Man trumps his morally compromised, brooding heroic brethren with the best setback of them all: He has no superpowers. He's just a man with a smart mouth and a head for figures in a really cool, practically indestructible iron suit.
This is buoyant, bright, a constant breeze. But still it hovers somewhere on the superhero-adap spectrum between the good and the great.
Iron Man is better when Robert Downey Jr. is alone on the screen than when he's sharing it. It's when those inconvenient other people show up that the movie loses its way.
The key, of course, is Downey, who effortlessly conveys that his newfound sense of responsibility isn't going to stop him from having a good time, and in doing so, Iron Man makes saving the world look like fun again.
In an exemplary piece of casting, Downey Jr gives a powerhouse performance, adding depth and believability to his character as both self-indulgent waster and do-gooder superhero.
Indeed, the entire script is a thing of beauty. Stark possesses a bone-dry sense of humor that reveals itself throughout the film.
Why did Iron Man seem so slight to me when I've watched it on my computer? Quite possibly these "event" pictures need a huge screen and a pounding sound system to convince viewers of their worth.
A grand superhero movie that features a brilliant performance by Robert Downey Jr., in one of his best roles.
Iron Man is funny without being silly, yet can kick ass to the moon and back when the chips are down.
With its first self-financed production, Marvel has produced one of the best superhero movies ever made, pure popcorn pleasure for its special effects, its story, its villain, and its hero.
As a first franchise entry and a blockbuster to kick off the summer season, Iron Man proves to be an excellent introduction.
Robert Downey Jr. gives a nicely sardonic performance as Tony Stark, a rich playboy and the brilliant heir to his father's weapons manufacturing dynasty.
If this is a taster for something even more impressive in the sequel touted for 2010, there is already a reason to get excited as the more we see of Downey, Jr. as Tony Stark, the better.
A completely different superhero movie which not only delights visually, but also engrosses with a very well adapted, character driven story of a redemptive figure who becomes the ultimate global hero.
There are a few scenes in Iron Man that make you realize why we rely on giant studios and big budgets come the summer months.
Clever and cogent beats idiotic and incoherent, and Iron Man is spryer than the overwhelming majority of films in its budget range.
If anyone doubted Marvel's ability to make the leap to full fledged studio, their first effort, Iron Man, should be enough to erase all doubts.
Intriguing for its meta-narrative of celebrity redemption
At its best, Iron Man serves as an unlikely vehicle for the irrepressible Downey, who redeems it from tedium with the apt one-liner and pratfall.
Iron Man is an appealing superhero movie. It's also clunky. It's welded together out of disparate pieces that clank and ping. Though at times it's leaden, Iron Man also has enough moments of pizazz to intermittently soar.
A slickly-attractive, well-cast and solidly-constructed piece of mainstream action-adventure entertainment.
A supremely confident, well-tooled entertainment. It's bound to be the early pace-maker for the oncoming glut of summer blockbusters.
Downey is at his charismatic best, rendering believable Stark's transformation from self-indulgent jerk to socially conscious crusader.
If every superhero franchise had a Robert Downey Jr., the genre might actually be watchable again.
The story is so rich and complex that Favreau is going to have a near-impossible task of outdoing himself with the inevitable sequel.
Forget those loser Superheroes from Planet Teen Angst.
Go see it.
Not only is it a good comic book movie (smart and stupid, stirring and silly, intimate and spectacular), it's winning enough to engage even those who've never cared much for comic books or the movies they spawn. Like me.
...who'd have thought that a successful superhero film could be more about character than action?
Iron Man is the best superhero film to come along since Batman Begins, and is one hell of a way to start off summer of 2008.
Une production à grand déploiement exécutant une formule bien établie, mais avec un savoir-faire indéniable et un enthousiasme contagieux
The pace is good, not frantic, not "oh god we have to get to the explosions or we're gonna lose them" %u2013 and the actors are all above average at least. (Our leads are no strangers to the Oscar nomination process.)
One of the strongest entries into the superhero movie canon of recent years. While featuring a few flaws, this is one of the most entertaining comic book adaptations in last few years.
The visual effects are bound to give you goosebumps and maybe you'll find yourself uttering an audible "whoa."
The bottom line is this: the movie works. It works extremely well and it does so because of Downey.
Visual sizzle, top actors and a witty script, yet it could have been so much better if only it didn't try to cobble together a pacifist warrior.
At the end of the day it's Robert Downey Jr. who powers the lift-off separating this from most other superhero movies.
More convincing as sex fantasy than political allegory, Iron Man suggests the answer to combating Them is for Us to reestablish the link between mechanized killing and the body.
"Iron Man"'s true revelation is leading man Robert Downey, Jr., who may not be giving the greatest superhero performance ever, but is certainly the best actor to ever portray a superhero.
This may not be what the Academy has in mind when it's considering the Oscar worthy performances but Downey finds the reality of being a superhero and makes us buy into that. Final verdict: Iron Man is cool and Downey is hot.
Ironman is great fun, but it could've been better. And judging by interviews with director Jon Favreau the sequel sounds like it'll be a corker.
Downey imbues this superhero with a heart that glows as radiantly as the power reactor implants in his chest.
Hoping to blend comic book superhero thrills ... with the relevance of the real war-torn world, 'Iron Man,' directed by Jon Favreau, fails at both endeavors.
It's easily the best Marvel film, and quite possibly the best superhero film I have ever seen!!!
Jon Favreau is the real deal. The actor-turned-director shows us, with Iron Man, that he has a major talent in exploiting what fundamentally pumps audiences up.
The brillance of Downey's performance is that Tony Stark is more of an impenetrable, unstoppable force than Iron Man.
Downey charms the heck out of the opportunity he's given.
Get your popcorn ready! Iron Man is the perfect start to the summer movie season.
Latest Theory of Flight: This film is politically smart, action-packed, sexy and fun. High-flying suit notwithstanding, this newest entry in the superhero arena has just raised the bar.
Marvel-ous!
An adventure that you'll want to go on over and over...
"Iron Man" is highly entertaining and well made, and when I say highly entertaining and well made, I mean it's almost in the same league as "Batman Begins," "Spider-Man 2," "Superman Returns" and "X-Men 2." Hard to believe, but yes, it is that good.
If you can get past the irony (or hypocrisy) of the central concept Jon Favreau's adaptation is reasonably entertaining and uses its digital effects energetically.
While the movie is technically a marvel, it would have been an empty shell without the strong turn from Downey Jr. Wonderfully sarcastic and hedonistic early on, his transformation from capitalist to hero is logical because of the sincerity the actor inv
a fun night at the movies but unfortunately disposable
Iron Man is a thrilling ride full of excitement and laughs. Finally this year we have a great family film that everyone will enjoy.
This is hands down the best super hero/comic book movie I have ever seen!
Director Jon Favreau displays the same wonderment and control over visual effects as he did in 2005's underrated "Zathura." Excepting a clunky prologue and escape sequence, it's a flawlessly paced origin story with humor, smarts and soul.
This is awful! I'm just kidding...it's really good, and Downey, Jr. is perfect for the part.
Un pasatiempo entretenido que prioriza el desarrollo de una historia y de un personaje por sobre el mero despliegue de acción y efectos visuales. Robert Downey Jr. es un perfecto Tony Stark.
'The Iron Man suit's not actually Iron,' Downey explains, 'it's Gold Titanium Alloy. But 'Iron Man' sounds more like a super hero and less like the chassis of a MacBook Pro.'
...great fun, thanks mainly to the power of the original Marvel Comics concept...
Exciting, but the message is mixed: Stark's creation of Iron Man affirms rather than repudiates his arms race-exploiting past -- it proves once again that the one with the best weapons wins.
...suffers from an uneven and increasingly oppressive structure that ultimately negates the film's few positive attributes...
'Iron Man' is not only action packed, as expected, but it is also laced with a story that has substance and with some wit and romance added to please all ages.
Iron Man accomplished something I didn't expect: it makes this erstwhile tin man look like an honest-to-god superhero.
Iron Man is a dispiriting attempt to apply superficial principles to inherently silly kid culture.
Garden-variety pop heroism/wish-fulfillment marinated in Robert Downey Jr.'s effortless insouciant sauce.
Lovingly tosses the American ego about like a cat with string.
Just as Stark needs a device to keep his heart pumping, Iron Man requires Downey's presence to keep the heart of this franchise alive.
Iron Man has its flaws, but they're not enough to keep the film from being a good time at the movies.
Sporting a novel brand of swinger superhero, Iron Man's got goofy Robert Downey Jr. wisecracking his way through unlikely feats and fantasy politics, with all the determination of someone who just wandered in from the corner bar.
An exciting, quick-witted adventure built to entertain.
To counter the character's relatively low Q-rating among the non-fanboy masses, Paramount has jacked up the f/x budget and made some interesting casting choices...
Move over, Superman. This lush, high-octane playboy never tasted so good. Iron Man has not only etched itself the mark of one of the best-reviewed films so far in 2008 but also one of the highest-rated superhero movies of all time.
Given everything that it does right, it is somewhat disappointing that Iron Man doesn't quite fly to the stratosphere.
o Iron Man, analafra diaskedastiko kai gargara synarpastiko prototypo eperhomenoy poly-iroa, shedon aggizontas tis eksarseis gamatosynis ton Transformers (2007) se stigmes, einai o,ti kalytero tha mporoyse na anoiksei to horo ton kalokairinon ypertheamato
Iron Man is what mainstream, big screen entertainment ought to be like.
An exciting, funny, entertaining and utterly compelling piece of popcorn entertainment that sits at the top end of comic book adaptations.
He's not as limber as Spider-Man once was, or as darkly compelling as Batman is yet to be, but Iron Man comes with his own enjoyable strengths and weaknesses in a fun film that also has a point of view.
Favreau has turned what might have been just another comic strip formulation into a completely engaging amalgam of storytelling, romance, performance, acrobatics and organically motivated effects.
Too slow on the take off
Downey acquits himself well enough during the action sequences in 'Iron Man,' but there just aren't enough of them and the existing ones could use a boost.
Robert Downey, Jr. is an unusually good leading man ... and has great comic timing in this movie.
Even for a starting point, Favreau gives us what we came to see and this is a true accomplishment for general movie goers and most importantly: We comic book geeks...
For all of it's anti-corporate military themes, "Iron Man" spends too much time watching technology genius Tony Stark tinkering with his super-hero costume design to get around to developing much of a story.
A 'Marvel'-ously cerebral superhero with a functioning conscience.
Robert Downey Jr. nails Iron Man. More apropros, change nails to welds. For it is Downey who most significantly raises the quality bar of 'Iron Man' to the classic level of fellow comic book heroes Superman, Batman and Spider-Man. Welcome, new franchise.
Robert Downey Jr., full-swing back into his acting genius, is exceptional as Iron Man. Life for Tony Stark is cool, and you can almost image him doing the Charlie Chaplain waddle across his workshop.
It's supposed to be fun, and it is, in spots.
Fun summer blockbuster
This might be the most relevant superhero tale we have yet seen.
Robert Downey Jr. delivers a knockout performance that alone is worth the price of admission to watch.
'Iron Man' has several advantages over a lot of recent efforts in the superhero genre. It features a solid cast, snappy dialogue, some pleasant surprises, expectedly impressive special effects and even a hint of subtle social commentary. But most importan
Not only a soaring adventure story, but it combines social commentary with cartoonish comic overtones, and even adds a bit of romance.
Representando uma surpresa tão grande quanto a escalação de Robert Downey Jr. como herói de ação, o cineasta Jon Favreau se revela uma aposta bem sucedida da Marvel.
Fanboys and fangirls, so often underserved by the movies made from their favorite comics, will almost certainly latch onto Iron Man as at least a serious attempt to transfer this beloved, 45-year-old character to the screen.
a thrilling, innovative and enormously entertaining movie that just may be the coolest AND smartest superhero adventure of them all.
An exciting kick-off to the summer season... If the 1940s was the Golden Age of Comic Books, then we are now in the Golden Age of Comic Book movies.
The film's impressive human dimension becomes superfluous as the action grinds on.
It's Robert Downey Jr., having triumphed over his substance abuse battle, who puts the pedal to the metal and scores the freshest new franchise going.
Iron Man ... is really a four-act play in a three-act movie.
Something that everyone needs to know before they set foot in the theater: STAY AFTER THE CLOSING CREDITS. BEST BONUS SCENE EVER.
Cooooool!
The best superhero movie since Spider-Man 2. Robert Downey Jr is the film's best special effect.
THIS is the way to begin the summer movie season. A smart, well-written movie that never condescends to the genre or to audiences. Robert Downey Jr. is wry and exciting as Iron Man, perfectly suiting the suit.
In the second half, when the red-and-gold suit does the heavy lifting (sometimes literally), Iron Man stops being a great blockbuster and settles for being merely a good one.
The film nevertheless makes the crucial decision to set its story in the real world, to have its characters face real moral decisions with real consequences. And then, when Iron Man does show up for battle, this flick just soars.
The gadgetry is absolutely dazzling, the action is mostly exhilarating, the comedy is scintillating and the whole enormous enterprise throbs with dramatic energy.
Iron Man is an action sci-fi blockbuster extravaganza that provides cartoon thrills for thinking people. It's the best movie of its kind since the second Spider-Man movie four years ago.
Action scenes in comic-book films? Overrated. That's the lesson of Iron Man, which goes light on CGI fireworks but heavy enough on its most electrifying element -- Robert Downey Jr. -- to compensate.
Actually feels like a classic comic book: fast, furious and flip. Forget about superheroes with love problems and tortured souls.
Directed with joyful verve and a nice pinch of cultural nerve by Jon Favreau, Iron Man reinvigorates hope in the joys of the summer movie. It is simple -- and not so simple -- fun.
When Iron Man is zooming above bejewelled southern California, I expected a thundering lyricism but instead settled for some routine CGI stunts. I suppose it's asking too much for a great actor to be matched up with a great director.
Downey could have taken a tragic tack. But he has fun just figuring out how to make the armor suit work. His sarcasm and almost drunken Tony Curtis body language transform the scenes of Iron Man.
Doubters with their tales of suspense about whether or not Iron Man will fly as a franchise can finally calm down -- and Batman and Spider-Man fans can start to get edgy about sharing the cinematic spotlight.
While Iron Man has never ranked among the most iconic of American superheroes, Downey's brilliantly nuanced performance as a hedonist in the grip of a midlife crisis might change that.
I liked the movie. Sometimes I liked it a lot. I just never fell in love with this superhero origin story in a way that had any lasting impact.
A superhero flick with the message that an arms dealer can see the light and give up the business of making a profit on the death of others.
Iron Man forges a new trail subsequent superhero films would be wise to follow.
...a machine with a human heart, a gleaming vehicle of transport.
We may not see a better movie this summer.
Though he's been given A-list treatment...Iron Man can't escape being a little--dare I say it?--tinny....It doesn't crash, but it doesn't soar, either.
Based on yet another Marvel series, Iron Man has plenty of things going for it, the main assets being an enjoyably sardonic Downey, his hardware, and the downturned mouth of his new metal visage - a warning that this self-styled messiah means business.
Despite the convulsively jittery address to the role, [Downey] is never in the smallest degree engaging in the way director Jon Favreau appears to think.
Iron Man is the first blockbuster movie of the summer, and, despite the topical Taleban atrocities, it's a roaring fairground ride.
Is it summer already? The first of the big budget superhero blockbusters has arrived, and it's a roaring success, thanks to a combination of superb special effects and canny casting.
Let the Summer Games begin! Fun, entertaining and emboldened with broad appeal, this first foray into the summer blockbuster blitzkrieg will not disappoint.
...a slam-bang kickoff to the blockbuster movie season...
There is precious little comedy and even less characterisation.
I kept trying to force a connection to it and wondering why I'm not LOVING this movie. I liked it a heck of a lot but didn't LOVE it.
Smart, sardonic and more than a little silly, Iron Man is a successful super-hero movie that never takes itself too seriously.
In the proficient hands of Jon Favreau, abetted by a magnificent performance by Robert Downey, Jr., not only does Iron Man pay off, but it raises the stakes for comic book movies to follow, as well as the entire summer film season.
What sets the movie apart ... is that ... it is not bogged down with the "with great power comes great responsibility" mantra that weighs upon other costumed crusaders.
Dangerously dependant on Robert Downey Jr. for entertainment. He throws a one-man party during every scene. But when he's off-screen, the film wilts. (Yes, even with Jeff Bridges' anti-Dude.) Re-cast, it would only be a shade better than Daredevil.
Whatever pops up on screen seems to work, making this a keeper comic book film.
Iron Man is fantastic, a sure fire blockbuster that will leave audiences breathless and fanboys wanting more.
Favreau fully respects the material, and brings to the table a highly developed sense of humor and--praise the heavens--taste. [Blu-ray]
Its thin script suggests that the movie is more interested in setting up a franchise than entertaining us, which it does do sporadically.
... lives up to its promise and premise... the benchmark for this summer's blockbusters has just been set.
Fulfills all the requirements of its genre admirably, but never rises beyond the level of baseline satisfaction.
While not perfect, it comes pretty damn close - Iron Man is one of the best superhero movie adaptations to hit the big screen so far.
A slightly-better-than-average popcorn epic featuring a performance from Downey that is so funny and inventive and entertaining that he pretty much winds up carrying the entire movie on his shoulders.
It's as if someone snuck a hefty slug of bourbon into your cherry cola; all of the sugar and flavor and fizz you expect from a well-made comic-book movie are there, but there's something a little more grown-up going on behind them.
a solid, well-crafted launch for what should be a lucrative franchise.
Iron Man is an unusually good superhero picture. Or at least -- since it certainly has its problems -- a superhero movie that's good in unusual ways.
This middle section, in which the newly energized Tony tinkers with his emerging superpowers like a kid in shop class, is the movie's finest and funnest hour.
From cell block to superhero in a matter of a few years. Can Robert Downey Jr. do it? You bet your metallic butt he can.
The action scenes lack the fizz of the character moments ... still, there's enough good stuff here to place this in the upper tier of movies about guys in long underwear.
Loads of action, humor, and political commentary
Downey Jr. is such a kick in this movie it is not implausible to note him as a potential Oscar nominee in the Johnny Depp, "Pirates of the Caribbean" slot...
Is it possible to have yet another expensive excursion into this genre that seems in any way fresh, original and alive? The answer, surprisingly, is yes.
Iron Man is terrific. Full of explosions, one-liners, and nifty special effects, it goes the extra mile of casting Robert Downey, Jr., one of the best actors working today, in the title role
Iron Man isn't the most well-known or beloved title in the Marvel comic book canon, yet the film adaptation proves to be as plucky, as confident, and as polished as if it were the keystone.
This exciting, enthralling action-thriller is certainly the best comic book-based movie since the second Spider-Man film.
After 2003's Elf and 2005's Zathura, Favreau has now made three smart, family-friendly, high-concept popcorn movies.
You can enjoy Iron Man (under two hours, if you skip the credits) without being one.
There are more compelling stories to be found in the comic book world, and there are more expressive directors than Jon Favreau. But on the bases of wit, verve, spirit and whiz-bangery, it's pretty tough to find fault with.
It's Iron Man to the rescue, yanking movies and the worldwide box office out of its months-long doldrums and into the stratosphere.
Iron Man is the rare comic-book movie that makes the prospect of a sequel seem like a promise instead of a threat.
Iron Man may not be distinguished enough to convert you to the cause. But Downey and Favreau give the movie a quirky flavor it can call its own. For that we can be grateful.
Iron Man gives the summer movie season a smashing start.
You'll believe a (iron) man can fly in 'Iron Man,' the undisputed movie to beat this summer season.
Robert Downey, Jr.'s effortlessly nuanced performance as Tony Stark is a dark delight that combines pop-culture wit and genuine emotional depth.
Favreau trumps last year's clunky Transformers with his smooth, almost musical footage of Iron Man's armor and its thousands of pieces clicking into place.
This is a film about a guy with a superpowered suit, and in this case both the suit and the guy are golden.
Toggling between Stark's impish goatee and Iron Man's full-metal body condom, and amid so many generic fireballs, kill shots and earsplitting thumps, bumps and crunches, the film finally collapses under its own weight.
A largely satisfying summer entertainment blending brains and geekiness in equal measure.
Even as Iron Man fulfills its genre obligations, it transcends them, thanks to lively direction by Favreau and, especially, the tour de force performance by Downey.
This is lotsa fun!
It's this balance between real world stakes and superhero surrealism that makes Favreau's film such a success.
Jon Favreau has directed Iron Man with a wit and intelligence to match Downey's.
A superhero debut with brains and brawn.
The payoff of casting Downey is as big as the risk. He's not in the movie, he owns it in a way that makes it hard to imagine without him.
A witty and dapper speeding bullet of a film, able to appeal to nerds and civilians alike.
[It's] an absolute blast to watch, a consummate piece of popcorn entertainment made with wit and class, and it leaves you so pumped for a sequel that it is practically guaranteed to become a huge hit. The bar for the summer movie season has been set.
It's fantastic to see a superhero movie getting away from the navel-gazing to serve up overboard action with a knowing sense of humour.
The perfect fusion of Batman, Bond and Boba Fett.
Everything a summer movie should be, and more.
Iron Man is fresh and fast enough to remind you of why you liked comics to begin with.
It is light, rather than heavy metal, marked by invigorating war-machine FX and a smart and subtle acting performance, at least by the standards of this genre.
Industrial-strength comic book moviemaking of the most entertaining order, Iron Man is darn near invincible fun, a perfect mix of high-tech dazzle and good old-fashioned charisma that's bound to leave audiences begging for more.
The movie rises and falls on the strength of Downey, and it rises pretty high.
It's an exemplary comic book fantasia. There's plenty of CGI to go around here too, but Favreau uses it, for the most part, to enhance rather than supplant the movie's physical dimension.
One of the hippest, best-written and best-directed superhero movies ever -- a splendid way to kick off the summer movie season.
It breaks no new ground, but it plows the old ground vigorously.
Downey's unbeatable charisma makes these problems less troublesome than they would be otherwise, but wouldn't it be nice if they didn't exist at all?
Hollywood has unearthed an unlikely weapon of mass destruction: Robert Downey Jr.
Downey's richly human performance as a reformed rake who relies on his intelligence, feels both personal and genuinely fresh.
Although Downey spends a certain amount of screentime inside that suit, his face still carries the movie, giving it emotional weight.
The ticklish fun of Iron Man comes from watching a happy cast in fighting trim make a concept that should sink like a lead dirigible do cartwheels on the ground and barrel-rolls in the sky.
There's no rust on the first blockbuster of summer '08: Iron Man is an ironclad cinch to be a hit.
Iron Man is simply great escapism. It deserves to be the first blockbuster of the summer.
Frontloaded, [but] boasts a great look, abundant humor, and Robert Downey Jr. making the case for middle-aged, flawed superheroes.
Easily the best superhero film since "Batman Begins," which for my money is the best in the genre.
Downey absolutely owns this role. He's pitch perfect as Stark, infusing the character with more personality and comedic one-liners than there ever were in the comics.
Iron Man is good but don't be surprised if you wish that the armor was a little more chipped and faded and not quite so perfectly "hot-rod red."
Like every path to success, there is an origin story and Iron Man ranks as one of the most instantaneously satisfying of all of them.
For all Tony's new understanding of "peace," the fact that Iron Man is in fact a weapon allows the film to do what summer movies must do: clanking and bashing, zooming, shooting, and exploding.
When an action blockbuster comes along that actually bothers to create lively, memorable characters, you don't want to miss it.
This is everything you could possibly want from a superhero movie.
...should make anyone who went gaga over Transformers finally understand why those metal emperors wore no clothes.
More Downey-driven wit at the expense of some CGI would have made this pic even better.
Superheroes have been young, mutated, and alien, but they're rarely fortysomething billionaires with a taste for one-night-stands, metallurgy, and scotch. Perhaps this is why Iron Man is so effective.
I wouldn't go so far as to say it's a career-defining role, but Iron Man will rank right up there with Downey's best performances.
Fan boys looking for an action and special effects-filled popcorn spectacle will be thrilled by "Iron Man's" pyrotechnic treats. Discriminating audiences hoping for a film that features more acting than action will also be thrilled by the casting of Rober
The film is at its best when reveling in Downey's gift for letting bon mots dryly roll off his tongue, as well as his effortless blend of hedonistic insouciance and resolute intensity.
For those of us without one single comic book in a protective clear shield, this is the comic book superhero movie to see.
Not quite memorable enough to live up to the top superhero films but proficient enough to be satisfying, Iron Man suggests with a clever ending that better things are yet to come.
A few lowered expectations and a tolerance for the odd slow patch will serve you quite well in soaking up the dependable fun on display.
[M]ight well be the perfect comic book movie... It's just pertinent enough to feel like it's set in something like the real world and just tongue-in-cheek enough not to get too heavy about it, but it's got enough self-respect to be sincere.
Iron Man kicks off summer on a blazing high note and practically dares the competition to measure up.
Fast, funny and deliriously entertaining.
While the big-screen debut of the armor-plated Marvel Comics hero may feature technology that's way ahead of reality, a very human heart beats within this souped-up action machine.
Despite several adrenaline-pumping moments, Favreau and Downey stay focused on the real story -- about a man learning to take responsibility for his actions. For all its firepower and CGI slickness, that's what really makes Iron Man fly.
This is one summer blockbuster that succeeds on brains, not bombast.
The fun of Iron Man, a Marvel adaptation in which a routine arc has been burnished with great elegance and skill, is the way that it heals the split, soldering the two halves of its hero into a single organically driven figure.
Mainly it has Robert Downey Jr. The newly insurable actor, who has had his run-ins with various chemicals in the past, plays this louche playboy with a knowing glint in his eye."
Seeing Downey and Bridges duel is one of the film's primary delights.
Bloodied but unbowed, wounded but walking, Downey Jr.'s sly take on Marvel Comics' cold warrior Iron Man elevates everything about this film.
Beneath the requisite spectacle is an issue-laden storyline with heart to go along with its brains.
Over the years, there have been only a handful of exceptional superhero movies, and Iron Man is among them.
Funny without being cartoonish and serious without being dull, a difficult balance that also happens to be an apt one-line bio for Downey Jr.
Easily the best Marvel Comics based movie yet -- Favreau, Downey and company have really nailed this one!
Saddled with a fairly typical superhero "origin story", director Jon Favreau compensates with some inspired choices: keeping the pace as fast as possible and casting Robert Downey Jr. as the man behind the mask.
Kudos to Iron Man for finding novel twists on an exhausted genre.
Iron Man is a lot of fun, especially for a superhero origin story, since they so often end up going awry.
Mr. Downey delivers the best popcorn flick performance since Johnny Depp first played pirate.
For Marvel, whose recent string of missteps have left fans doubting the comic giant, Iron Man is an excellent return to form and the likely start of another successful franchise.
The film is well directed, edited, and paced, but it's really Downey Jr. that adds the spark, the flair, the heavy metal.
The combination of its realistic backdrop, boy's own adventure and Robert Downey Jr makes for a blast of a new style comic book hero in Iron Man. Above all, humour is what elevates this highly entertaining fantasy into something beyond our expectations.
There's a slightly depressed, going-through-the-motions feel to the entire show.
Iron Man is a shapely piece of mythmaking.
Robert Downey Jr. is this movie.
Its cast, principally Robert Downey Jr, and some solid direction from Jon Favreau breathe a lot of life and energy into an otherwise run-of-the-mill comic book origin movie.
Iron Man may not make the A-list of Marvel Comics' stable -- home to Spider-Man, X-Men and the Hulk -- but he may be the cinema superhero for the rest of us.
Handsome and Charismatic, Robert Downey Jr. renders a dominant performance, treating the comicstrip character as a dramatic actor, which compensates for the movie's flaws and elevates it above the standard of a slickly produced popcorn summer fare.
[An] expansively entertaining special effects extravaganza.
In place is a talented cast, an interesting director, an established lead character, and a wealth of plots from the comics ready to be mined for future storylines. Despite Iron Man's problems, it will definitely leave you wanting more.
Light on both CGI and moral quandaries, [it posesses] neither the zip and sparkle of a Spider-Man nor the brooding existential subtexts of Batman Begins.
It's not sure where to go once the final Iron Man suit is constructed, and seems in a rush to get there, but Downey Jr and the supporting cast are so perfectly placed we're already looking forward to the bound-to-be-better sequel.
A n exceptionally well-made, incredibly entertaining and -- dare I say it -- marvelous superhero movie.
Audiences looking for grand escapist fare at cinemas this summer won't mind having spent their price of admission on it. Be sure to get some popcorn too.
So long as [Downey] stays in the lead, I hope we'll see a few more sequels to this one.
Iron Man actually gets away with doing a whole film that's the first act of Spider-Man. It's all the joy of discovery

@highlight

Powered by Robert Downey Jr.'s vibrant charm, Iron Man turbo-charges the superhero genre with a deft intelligence and infectious sense of fun.