Still, the multicultural cast is fun, the images have a painterly beauty and there are some beguiling comic touches before the story sinks into a swamp of solemn metaphysical glop.
Once again Shyamalan is a maddening storyteller, by turns inspired and insipid, and he still manages to conjure some odd, unnerving moments.
Peevishly defensive, intransigently personal and serenely indifferent to critical (and audience) reaction
While the film's performances are intriguing and the direction tight, Shyamalan's fairytale ends up being more interesting than the actual film.
... to put it bluntly, badly paced and completely trivial, not to mention utterly juvenile.
This could have made a decent movie but the mythology comes so thick and fast that it mixes to a slurry as you watch.
What is most annoying about "Lady" is that no one ever considers the possibility that nothing magical is actually occurring.The film starts out silly and just gets sillier.
While I love where Night's head and heart are at, I think he tried to communicate them in a way that was clumsy, cumbersome, lacking in suspense and menace, and frankly, unexciting.
Ignore the critics on this movie. Yeah, I am one. Which means I'm telling you to ignore me, too.
The film is a mess, a ramshackle affair. Its silliness cannot sustain itself.
It's a fairy tale that never flies the way it should.
We get it. We just don't want it. Because this Lady is the Showgirls of fantasy films.
High on talk-heavy exposition and low on actual scares and thrills . . .
A return to storytelling in the first order, "Lady in the Water" is highly recommended.
Once the filmmaker spells everything out for us in the first fifteen or twenty minutes, the rest of the plot simply unfolds in a jumbled series of incomprehensible events.
Lady in the Water exposes Hollywood's master of suspense as a wet noodle.
review in Greek
El director toca fondo con una fábula para adultos tan ridícula como pretenciosa. Solo Paul Giamatti logra mantener a flote este fiasco.
It lacks the heart that made you care when you realized Sixth Sense's secret. It lacks the connection with the characters that made Signs' ending feel so triumphant.
I've not been overly impressed with Shyamalan's last few films, but this one is better.
[Perhaps it's] improvised and protracted, nonsensically and unnecessarily, just for the sake of stringing us along. And, maybe, putting us to sleep.
A young woman named Story (Bryce Dallas Howard) is rescued from an apartment complex pool and a ferocious creature by building superintendent Cleveland Heep (Paul Giamatti). Story is a magical narf who must return to the Blue World. The monstrous scrunt h
Lady in the Water sounds wacky but it's mostly just boring.
Lady in The Water is ludicrous, drowning in its astonishing premise and irritating by its failure to connect on any level
Guaranteed to have a life long, long after its cinema obituary has been written.
Un échec désolant qui avait tout pour ne pas en être un.
... Shyamalan tries here to take a storyteller's approach to telling what should be a visual tale, thus violating one of the chief tenets of filmmaking: Show, don't tell.
Shyamalan's skill as a director of action (and inaction) finds a really good match in ace cinematographer Christopher Doyle's moody camera fu.
As a comedy it's hugely optimistic and as a drama it's wonderfully emotional and that we're afforded the opportunity to make the call for one or the other for ourselves makes this a very clever film.
There's no twist in Lady in the Water, but that's not to say it doesn't possess an abundance of cleverness.
The film could be one that lingers, that gets better upon further reflection and improves upon repeated viewings. But for most, Shyamalan's next film couldn't come too soon.
There is something enchanting about Shyamalan's childlike wonder at the mysteries of the universe . . .
This pretentious, humourless (except for a joke-about-a-joke centring on the film critic) movie is breathtaking in its absurdity.
There are so many things wrong with Lady that there just isn't enough space to go into them here.
If you place a premium on original vision and creative risk, then there is much pleasure to be had watching a born storyteller juggle more balls than even he can carry.
Paul Giamatti is superb ... and his performance single-handedly rescues Lady in the Water from one star ignominy. Frankly, you'll marvel at his ability to keep a straight face as he delivers Shyamalan's pretentious dialogue.
What was [Shyamalan] thinking? This isn't just duff, it's career-threatening catastrophic.
I haven't come across a fairy-tale premise calling for such childlike wonder and acceptance since the taxation of trade routes was in dispute and the greedy Trade Federation set up a blockade around the planet Naboo.
There are some laughs to be had, albeit not always in the right places. A resounding plop.
"Lady in the Water" can be summed up thusly: Hook, line and stinker.
It's finally happened--M. Night Shyamalan has lost his damn fool mind.
...ultimately feels like the sort of movie that'll improve immeasurably on repeat viewings...
Beautifully made and thoroughly intriguing, but it feels made up as it goes along.
The story isn't exactly watertight, but it has a beautiful warm heart.
The saddest thing about "Lady in the Water" is that it's more than just a bad movie. It's a career-destroying act of vanity by its director.
What should be a wondrous excursion into Shyamalan's version of a modern fairy tale is undermined by the writer/director's bitter tone.
...turns on a convoluted fairy tale and makes a few crucial missteps...yet [also is] an enchanting exploration of storytelling magic.
Breaks new ground in Shyamalan's cinema of looniness....The present of the movie is never interesting; meanwhile, its past is never illuminated and its future never arrives.
Fanciful, whimsical, and delightfully implausible.
Never has the evidence been so clear that a once-promising director has gone completely insane, yet seldom has said proof been so all-fired dull.
The M stands for "miserable" ...
Blessed be the filmmakers who take chances with original stories, but just because something's better than The Village and not as bad as most critics say doesn't mean it's good.
It's a dud, at once ridiculous and risible.
A case study of an increasingly defensive filmmaker falling off the auteurist deep end.
The marketing campaign is superb for this movie: it shows the beauty and the mystery of the story without the actually incredibly complex structure of it...full of magic and beauty.
I'm inclined to think that we're seeing the expression of an artist who knows he has something to say, but hasn't been able to quite come to terms with what that something is
Have you ever been approached by someone who was really drunk, and they tell you some rambling, incoherent story? Well, that's what watching this movie is like.
A watery, ladylike, and extremely tall tale indeed, but one well within the reach of its fine cast (which this time includes its director).
Lady would be nothing without the man that rides to her rescue, Paul Giamatti.
More than anything, Lady in the Water is a work of great hubris--a jaw-dropping exercise in which a populist artist tests his audience's limits. Will they swallow this pill whole or spit it back only halfway down?
Open to it, and it's engrossing: Funny, scary, unexpectedly poignant.
All throughout it's running time, Lady in the Water tends to make up its rules as it goes along...out of a sheer need for plotting or cleverness.
Lady is a solipsistic and sour fairy tale that sets out to be about the value of community and magic, but ends up as the director's somber celebration of himself.
Shyamalan's latest exercise in foundering pretension may be the silliest movie of all time. Seriously. ... Will someone please lock up this pompous stiff in Johnny Depp's Dead Man's Chest and throw away the key?
If Shyamalan is going to use his kids as a focus group for future projects, maybe he should start making movies for Nickelodeon already and stop wasting our time.
The director's job is to cast the best available talent in each key role. Shyamalan has done that with Giamatti, Balaban and Jeffrey Wright (as a crossword-puzzle lover). But he took this audience member out of the story by putting himself in.
'You are all connected... One act can one day affect all,' says Narf, causing us to wonder if the Blue World's mission will become redundant after enough humans watch 'The Lion King' and 'Jurassic Park.'
I'm sure it wasn't Night's intention to make a crappy movie, but it's what he has done.
This is a story that we hope will put the little ones to sleep long before their questions become embarrassing and unanswerable.
It's thin stuff, stretched out to nearly two hours by Shyamalan's faith in his own abilities, but not much else.
A bedtime story that succeeds in putting its audience into dreamland well before the tale is finished.
Mundane, preachy, self-indulgent.
...it seems churlish to resist believing in a movie that's about the power of belief.
Embarrassing. Stupid. Incomprehensible. A mess. Absurd. Fake.
A screenplay so eye-rollingly dippy that it plays out like something a bunch of second graders cooked up on a rainy day playing fort in the living room.
What the hell do I know--I'm a lowly scrunt-bait critic deigning to question the very Vessel of Story.
not without its magical moments, but you really have to want them.
Shyamalan will have to settle for another curmudgeonly critic giving him another negative review.
Stunningly self-indulgent claptrap
Though originating as a bedtime story for his children, it functions less as a morality tale and more as an egotistical salvo toward his critics.
I guess the best thing to call this is a "mackrel in the moolight." That means it looks shiny and beautiful, but stinks to high heaven.
I enjoyed every moment, from the pictographs that set up the ancient legend to the emotional climax.
The only frightening thing about this horror fantasy film was in how bad it was.
The movie makes direct fun of standard Hollywood storytelling conventions, and that's enjoyable. But its utter lack of narrative discipline is just plain amateurish, not subversive.
Turns out those Disney executives who refused to make M. Night Shyamalan's latest film, Lady In The Water, knew exactly what they were doing.
despite the childlike nature of the story, Lady in the Water will prove too confusing for most kids, which is a shame, since they're also the ones most like to greet that giant-eagle business with something other than a derisive laugh.
Shyamalan has a well-deserved reputation for pulling rabbits out of a hat and calling it magic. It's the talent for doing so that fails him here.
The story is so convoluted and ultimately preposterous that you're almost embarrassed by the earnestness of the actors trying to carry it off.
In the end, Shyamalan's stumbling Lady never gives us a reason to believe.
Crazy as this might sound, it turns out that self-indulgent ramblings designed to put your children to sleep are pretty much the opposite of art.
An act of spectacular (if unwitting) self-immolation.
Much narrative energy is devoted to the arcane details of the narf mythology, and those familiar with the director's methods grow impatient waiting for the air to clear.
It's a busy made-up universe -- with rules, rituals, and a deity-tree that could give the Hindu hierarchy a run for its rupee. And it's extremely silly.
If moviegoers are willing to go with the movie's questionable, sometimes painfully self-conscious flow, Shyamalan's new tale may once again sweep them into his idiosyncratic world.
Once the plot is actually engaged, all it really is, is a basic damsel-in-distress story with a lame stab at magical realism thrown in.
Lady is the height of folly, an endeavor as wrongheaded as The Postman, as foolish as any 'vanity' project of the past 20 years.
In Lady in the Water, Shyamalan's descent into self-parody is complete.
Viewers may see religious implications in the movie, with its messianic mermaid and chlorinated holy water, but it really isn't worthy of such deep analysis.
You win points for sticking with vision only if the vision adds up, but despite fine imagery by the Hong Kong ace Christopher Doyle, we get trite monsters and cheesy spooks.
With his work beginning to seem as insular as the communities he's imagining, Shyamalan really needs to try directing someone else's screenplay.
It is yet another of Shyamalan's attempts to wade into the deep end of the profundity pool, where not even chlorine can kill the brackish residue of his design.
Its strange, entrancing, mystical and sometimes frightening events occur in everyday surroundings and elevate the lives of deserving, everyday people.
The movie is a muddle, burdened with too many characters and a sorry lack of thrills, flair and coherence. Yet Shyamalan's talent is real.
None of this is fun to report from a critic's perspective. I'm a Shyamalan fan who greatly admires what he's trying to do, but Shyamalan's desperate desire to be the next Steven Spielberg has grown painful to witness.
Not to put too fine a point on it, this is one nutty movie.
The result is a soggy swamp of nyah-nyah-nyah-nyah-nyahing, its only grace notes are Giamatti's fine, nuanced performance as Heep and Christopher Doyle's handsome cinematography.
It is a lovely, sincere movie with a nice message about believing in both otherworldly magic and the more mundane power of a community.
M. Night Shyamalan doesn't have an ego problem. He's just a humble screenwriter and director who makes himself a star of his own movie -- as a character who is a writer, whose words will save the world from despair and destruction.
Hey, wanting a movie to compute is not the same as resisting fairy-tale eloquence.
The surprise here is that he's created a story mythology for this fantasy/thriller that's so ludicrous and convoluted that it's almost laughable. At times it seems his cast members are making up the story as they go.
Lady is not likely to convert critics who believe Shyamalan is only a one-trick pony. Those willing to risk a dip in this pool, on the other hand, may be refreshed, if not reborn.
These days, movie fans have grown accustomed to being force-fed a film's reality, to having it hammered home from first loud frame to last. Lady in the Water offers more subtle submersion, a baptism of soulful quirks and daringly sweet imagination.
Who am I to knock the work of the man who, in his own film, casts himself as a writer whose ideas will inspire a future leader who will save the world -- an artist whose work will not be fully understood in his own time, but only many years later?
This isn't nitpicking. Every bit of the tale is as full of holes as a wool sweater at a moth convention, and Shyamalan telegraphs each potential surprise.
While Giamatti does yeoman's work in his latest Everyman role, the lady herself is a cipher with zero substance or appeal.
It is possible to wrestle yourself from the movie's hokey ambitions. There is a good chunk of Lady in the Water that is simply too well made and affectingly acted to dismiss as a mere exercise in arrogance.
Reservations aside, and while I'm sure my sentiments won't land me anywhere close to the majority of critical opinion, this is one picture where I'm almost glad to be swimming against the metaphorical tide.
[S]ome critics are failing to notice that this rather flawed film is set on the shoulders of Paul Giamatti who, with impressive stamina and spirit ... commands our attention more effectively than any other Hollywood leading man could.
The story is exceedingly dull; to become involved in it would require not just a suspension of disbelief, but a suspension of mental faculties altogether. [A] bewildering misstep for a director of Shyamalan's caliber.
At best, Shyamalan's genius for melding the fantastic with the mundane rivals that of Steven Spielberg or Stephen King, but that gift fails him here.
Shyamalan's plodding script spends all its time explaining [its] complex mythology, drowning Lady in the Water in a sea of talkiness.
Lady in the Water appears to be a creepy fairy tale, but it's really a psychological thriller. Trouble is, the psychology involves the mindset of its writer-director.
Lady in the Water has some interesting moments, but fails because the story is so uninspiring. It simply does not achieve the greatness that it thinks it deserves.
The fantastical Lady in the Water, Shyamalan's most wildly imaginative yet obscure work to date, will probably disappoint those looking for that certain Shyamalan je n'sais quoi. Still, you can't fault the guy for being an original
A flaky ego trip disguised as a fairy tale.
With Lady, it appears as though Shyamalan has completely jumped ship into a pit of egocentrism, and it ain't pretty.
A genre-defying, form-snubbing plunge into an overly sentimental, proudly nonsensical world.
Story's whiter-than-white skin, bloody cuts, color-shifting hair, and need to keep wet make her a bizarre amalgamation of fantasies, alternately "male" and "childish."
Somebody might want to mention to Shyamalan that taking potshots at critics in films rarely works. Remember Roland Emmerich's lame attack on Siskel and Ebert in his awful reworking of 'Godzilla?'
Based on a bedtime story the filmmaker told his young daughters, 'Water' will certainly put many moviegoers to sleep. ...an endurance test rather than an ethereal fable.
M. Night Shyamalan doesn't provide us with a big twist, but he does need a new writer. The movie is silly and funny in the wrong places
All 'Lady in the Water' lacks is a narrator ending the tale with 'and they lived happily ever after.' This is a Shyamalan flick?
It's silly. It's just silly, and it's a shame.
When film historians discuss what happens when a filmmaker of limited talent has a huge success and then goes out of control, this is the movie that will be cited.
The new film by M. Christ Shyamalan.
When it's over you think: 'Really? That was it?' Maybe that's the twist.
You wonder if Shyamalan has crossed from mere self-regard into actual mental illness.
Shyamalan might've been onto something if Lady in the Water were, say, a satire of Scientology; instead, it's a mission for a bedtime story, a badly told fairy tale.
Not bad, full of odd holes and plot troubles, but rich with beautiful ideas (and dark, shimmery cinematography by the great Christopher Doyle).
If Shyamalan wants to slap around film critics, hey, fine by me; but to sacrifice your entire film to do so reeks of a director who could stand to hear a little more "no" in his life.
I just want to punch this movie right in the face.
Narf, scrunt and tartutic may sound silly, but I was interested in the story. If J.K. Rowling can make up muggle, M. Night can have those three. It's a far more involving than the manufactured tales of Da Vinci scholars.
The one prescient thing associated with the soothsaying around his self-appointed savior character is that if he continues along the path he's on now, someone is going to take him out and it won't just be a film critic.
A tedious, astonishingly irritating march through scene after scene of quasi-Jungian horse flop.
Murky like the water in the pool, or like Christopher Doyle's cinematography.
It's an ambitious mess at best, and the invented mythology is delivered to the viewer with the subtlety of a sledgehammer.
Lady in the Water challenges us to believe in the power of myth. But the big challenge here is surviving the tedium of Shyamalan's meandering inventiveness. What's supposed to be fanciful storytelling is really just audience punishment.
Though the result is too idiosyncratic to be regarded as just one more summer-movie whiff, those who see it may feel a need to act like a pool lifeguard and blow the whistle on Shyamalan.
Mysterious and sweet. It's scary and it's funny, and it's deeply moving, too. That makes Water a rare exception in terms of cinematic hybrids, but it also represents Shyamalan's best effort since 2000's Unbreakable.
Pretentious poppycock! Given the expectations of M. Night Shyamalan, it's this summer's most surprising disappointment.
It's hard to think of a deadlier shotgun marriage than Jacques Tourneur's poetry of absence and Spielbergian uplift, but Shyamalan has patented the combo, adding pretentious camera movements that are peculiarly his own -- even the jokes are pretty solemn.
For weeks the Web has been rich with rumors that Lady in the Water is a dog. The noble truth is that M. Night Shyamalan's new thriller isn't half bad. The awful truth is that it's not really half good, either.
There's something exhilarating yet corny about watching all the pieces snap into place, even if you saw the pattern a mile away. It feels like you had to figure out some great mystery, even if M. Night did all the work for you.
Lady in the Water marks M. Night Shyamalan's official leap off the deep end. Not everyone agrees on Shyamalan's talent as a filmmaker, but few, up till now, have questioned his sanity.
Unless I've totally miscalculated the audience appeal of this stinker, the executives he pummeled in that book are going to look more like astute visionaries than back-stabbing traitors, and should be wearing very big smiles come Monday morning.
A spiritual story that challenges us to deeply listen and to let its mysteries work on our hearts and souls until we discover what part is ours to play.
This creative dream-like summer pic is sure to entertain sci-fi junkies, but will become a big turnoff for many audiences expecting a modern thriller/horror flick with a Shyamalan twist.
The tension between his eagerness to please and his resolve to make the film inside his head have resulted, with Lady in the Water, in a major misfire.
As with all of his other films, Lady in the Water offers plenty of grist for after-movie dinner conversations. The film is not without merit, just difficult to figure out. Maybe that's the way Shyamalan wants it.
I suspect audiences will see Shyamalan's portentous doodle for what it is -- the height of arrogance and a bad night out at the movies.
Lady in the Water is not a good movie - not by some mythical 'Shyamalan' standards, but by even the most basic standards of proficiency.
M. Night Shyamalan's Lady in the Water is one of the more watchable films of the summer. A folly, true, but watchable.
Cobbled together, ramshackle fantastical nonsense.
Shyamalan is too gifted a filmmaker to waste his time, and ours, on such twaddle. The best thing that could be done with Lady in the Water is to deep-six it and hope that his next project doesn't occur to him over milk and cookies with the kids.
If the ultimate goal is entertainment, then Lady in the Water enthusiastically rises to the task.
Concludes with a big 'huh?' that leaves one questioning what the point was.
Maybe if M. Night had cast Virginia Madsen as the Lady and filled the pool with a crisp Chardonnay, Paul Giamatti wouldn't have been so thoroughly beached at 'The Cove.'
Why should the gifted Shyamalan even waste his time trashing critics? His attitude should be: If they're too cynical to believe, it's their loss.
All [Shyamalan's] films, to their credit, have been unswervingly sincere. But the primary problem is that this movie is so earnest, you can't help but gag on it.
Just when the story begs for some clean lines and a sense of direction, we get dithering and misdirection and another confused-tenants sequence.
Lady in the Water isn't just another disappointment. It's a jaw-dropping catastrophe -- a picture so wrong-headedly intoxicated with itself you view it through an embarrassed haze.
Any magic lurking in this fairy tale is smothered by Shyamalan's need to play everything straight.
[I]t's easier to appreciate Lady in the Water than it is to embrace it emotionally.... [It] wants us to be sad and hopeful and in awe about a lot of things, but it didn't make me actually feel much of anything.
For a movie constantly explaining itself, M. Night Shyamalan's Lady in the Water doesn't make a drop of sense.
Performances are bang-on and characters fascinating right across the board, even Shyamalan's own -- but ultimately Lady in the Water capsizes under the weight of its own goofy story.
Unless he retains the poise and cool that made Sixth Sense stand out so conspicuously amid his body of work, we're not going to care about anything in his head.
Lady in the Water is unmistakably a setback, as well as a warning to potential detractors. You are, it seems, either with M. Night Shyamalan or against him, and this time I must take up residence in the latter camp.
If you can get over your grown-up complex and lose yourself in the story, you just might find an enchanting blend of ancient and modern storytelling.
M. Night's self-absorption is approaching the level of irritation -- here it has all the subtlety of a brick applied to the head.
A gaping psychic wound, a blood-spattered, pulsating tumor ripped violently from both its creator's head and, more fascinatingly, his heart, then planted onscreen, raw and unfettered, for all to come and see.
Maybe the theme is that you should try to score some of that stuff Shyamalan must be smoking.
...Lady in the Water doesn't have even The Village's slim virtues.
I laughed, I cried, I jumped in my seat, I dreamed. It's E.T. all over again.
Unless you're an M Night Shyamalan fanatic aching to see the writer/director play one of the film's main characters, there's no reason to endure Lady in the Water.
A well-crafted and well-intentioned misstep.
I hated Lady in the Water, but not because Shyamalan took a sophomoric potshot at critics. I hated Lady in the Water because it's...stupid.
Apologists for the categorically inadequate M. Night Shyamalan have their work cut out defending yet another cinematic killjoy from the 'auteur' whose high box office receipts do not reflect the ineptitude of his filmmaking skills.
Its official now. The Sixth Sense was a fluke. Shyamalan pompously gives himself the role of 'The Intellectual Future Christ.'
Shyamalan's most alienating and self-absorbed project to date.
This movie is not as bad as it's being made out to be. But it isn't really good either.
Hollywood cannot pollute the ozone with anything more idiotic, contrived, amateurish or sub-mental than Lady in the Water.
Silly and sappy ... Shyamalan continues on his steady descent in quality.
. . .a rambling mess that takes 110 minutes and an obscene amount of money all to let Shyamalan live out a revenge fantasy and to obsess over Howard's legs
You won't see anything else like it this summer, and you'll be really glad about that.
For the most part, however, Lady in the Water comes across as a movie that's too bad to be good, and not bad enough to be so bad that it's good.
entertaining enough for those of us who appreciate magical realism, but I suspect that mainstream audiences will be disappointed by this convoluted and pretentious film.
Far-fetched is the kindest thing to say about Lady in the Water, a disjointed and mind-numbing story.
The critic in me wants to boo and hiss and cry in disappointment. The 5-year-old in me wants to stand up and applaud.
Has M. Night Shyamalan lost his damn mind?
The premise -- a mystical water nymph living under the swimming pool of a drab apartment complex -- is intriguing, yet the mythology Shyamalan builds around his main characters is forced, pretentious and outright silly at times.
Shyamalan is mystically assuming that any idea or image that pops into his skull will make a shapely tale, no matter how much cock-and-bull logic he has to invent to Gorilla Glue it together.
Like Splash reworked by a grandiose Sunday-school teacher.
Shyamalan does project genuine menace and suspense into this mundane location, especially in nighttime scenes. But the magic that would transport you from reality into fantasy is missing.
Shyamalan has followed The Village with another disappointment -- a ponderous, self-indulgent bedtime tale.
This misbegotten project is Shyamalan's weakest thriller--senseless, verbose, convoluted. It might be remembered for featuring the director himself as a wannabe writer, and a film critic from hell who complains, there are no original stories left...
Not only Shyamalan's scariest and funniest movie to date, but also his most accomplished.








@highlight

A far-fetched story with little suspense and unconvincing scenarios, Lady In The Water feels contrived, pretentious, and rather silly.