"The film finds a way to justify its existence despite the inevitable comparisons to ["The Exorcist"], in whose shadow it will inevtiably stand..."
It avoids gratuitous gore and the shocks that provide the backbone of most horror films. ... [Derrickson's] more interested in the spiritual questions at hand.
A glum and undistinguished drama -- it's certainly nothing so crass as a horror movie, despite the spooky come-on of the marketing.
Derrickson's film has been overtaken by bland characters, cheap shocks, kindergarten theology and a pace so plodding that viewers will be left wondering whether it is just Erin's watch that has mysteriously stopped.
Now to each their own, but serious-minded Sunday preaching mixed in with the occult, is just not my cup of witch's brew.
full review in Greek
The film's challenge to the viewer -- to doubt his or her own doubts about the supernatural -- is commendable.
By modern standards the gore is minimal and most of the thrills come from production craftsmanship. It does not make this a classic, but it is a decent and even compelling horror film.
...a mildly engaging drama.
A classy 'boo!' movie for those who like their horror polite.
It all gets rather silly when it turns out that the Devil isn't above knocking off the odd key witness or two ...
Fortunately (or not, depending on how big a Law & Order fan you are), [the movie] dwells less on the possession itself than on the subsequent trial.
Esa película de terror dentro de la película ocupa la menor parte del metraje, lo cual es una lástima porque es la parte más interesante.
Um filme perigosamente irregular que, na maior parte do tempo, mantém seu público à distância - e o resultado é que, ao longo de sua duração, pouco pensamos e nada sentimos.
the scariest courtroom drama I've ever seen.
...relegates Emily's life and her exorcism to sporadic flashbacks, complete with assembly-line demonic imagery, bait-and-switch scare tactics and an annoying music score.
Don't be surprised if you wake up at 3am after you've seen The Exorcism of Emily Rose. I did, and there are enough frightening moments to make even the calmest people jumpy.
"Scarier than The Exorcist. A commendable, creepy and first-rate film experience. Try going straight to sleep after this baby".
Of all the places one would expect to find Satan - Osama bin Laden's cave, backstage with Celine Dion or inside Wal-Mart - a Midwestern courtroom is not high on the list.
This may be based on a true story, but, onscreen, it comes off as a cornball, none-too-exciting, second-rate version of that granddaddy of all satanic possession movies, The Exorcist.
...this insidious movie has it both ways by back-dooring the entire U.S. criminal code -- for the sake of some boogeyman-based lesson in intelligently designed fake morality.
... there is much to recommend about the film, particularly in the way it melds together the courtroom thriller and the horror film to form a new approach to questioning issues of faith.
I'll give him credit there, but I'll also take it away just as quickly for never getting me to actually care. In fact, the only thing exorcised by The Exorcism of Emily Rose was my interest.
It's a potentially interesting idea, using the formula to put faith itself on trial, but Derrickson and Boardman never really let the intellectual aspects of the story manifest themselves.
Une prémisse intrigante qui, malheureusement, ne livre pas vraiment la marchandise.
Underneath the smooth cinematography and score, there's a gritty little indie trying to get out.
A sincere and moving film...easily one of the best of 2005 thus far.
It never possessed this juror.
I guess it's appropriate that the new movie about demonic possession should suffer from a split personality
A particularly nasty, anti-female exorcism movie
These filmmakers, and this film, simply have not earned the right to take on the fundamental question of God vs. man.
You'd never know it by the ads, but this is faith-based filmmaking and one of the most manipulative mainstream movies ever put on screen.
While the melting demon-people are a nifty, unsettling touch, this alleged battle for the soul of mankind is in reality more of a sidewalk scuffle between a pair of legal eagles.
Director of photography Tom Stern had served as cinematographer on the Oscar-sweeping Million Dollar Baby, but the overall look of Exorcism is one of a bland TV movie.
The real problem (though hardly the only one) is that it's unbelievably dull and cheesy -- and stupefyingly unpersuasive.
... (gives) new meaning to the phrase, 'The devil is in the details.'
The only wrong with this movie is its marketing, which would have you believe that it's a horror film, instead of a courtroom drama.
A devil of a good show...What director Scott Derrickson does to the courtroom drama could make Linda Blair's head spin.
Emily's "story" is that no explanation is necessary or possible: she's chosen.
There are reasons why The Exorcism of Emily Rose works as well as it does, and why it recovers itself rather capably even when its foundations start to shake.
Solid performances ground this scary true-to-life tale.
Legal drama that's no more special or sophisticated than anything playing on TV these days.
[S]omewhere, we suspect, the ghost of William Castle is snickering.
Well, where do I start with a movie about an exorcism thats actually a courtroom drama?
It uses the horror genre to say something and, despite some elements that could have been stronger, it generally succeeds.
On the whole, the production values of this theological tingler can't be faulted and the cast is certainly worthy.
Very scary stuff. And as a courtroom drama, very effective.
... une autre occasion manquée par Hollywood.
Too much court, not enough demons.
Levitating tweens, rails of pea soup, and young ladies who lose their manners and their bladders at cocktail parties have no place here.
This is one exorcism movie whose trial scene is more compelling than the demonic ceremony.
Entertaining and sustained enough ideas to be taken in a somewhat serious light.
Rose is sadly more Exorcist II than Exorcist.
Linney leads a strong cast but the movie needs to scare us into believing - and its PG-13 content doesn't.
A pedantic supernatural hybrid of Inherit the Wind and Audrey Rose.
Why do priests always need to know the demon's name? You want to exorcise it, not register it for dinnerware at Crate & Barrel!
Derrickson - or the studio heads, or both - ruin the movie's ambiguity by showing us ghosts and demons as if they existed beyond a shadow of a doubt.
While scary in parts, Exorcism actually works as a taut legal thriller.
I think a lot of viewers will be annoyed at how Emily Rose carefully treads the middle ground... But I like it...
There's no green vomit and nobody's head ever rotates a full 360; we stay in the natural world and never enter a movie world, and that makes the movie a lot better.
The performances are topnotch.
The courtroom shenanigans drain the suspense from Emily's story and, frankly, they're not very convincing.
This is a horror movie, for once, which really wants us to use our heads.
...a religious flick without conviction.
As courtroom drama, The Exorcism of Emily Rose works effectively; as a scarefest, it misses the mark. But the performances stick with you, particularly that of Linney, who has an elegant steeliness.
Emily Rose is the thinking person's demon possession movie.
Director and co-writer Scott Derrickson thinks he's not ripping off the 1973 Exorcist, presumably because his effects are too tacky to work up a scare or a convincing case for possession.
This latest exercise in possession is simply silly and probably could have benefited from a judicious use of pea soup.
Some films fail because they only go half-way. This film would have been almost perfect if it would have just stopped there.
As horror, it's only mildly chilling. As anything more serious, it's half-hearted and intellectually not up to the challenge, great cast or no.
This isn't a movie. It's a miscarriage of cinema.
The most frightening thing about The Exorcism of Emily Rose is how three Oscar-nominated actors were talked into working with Scott Dietrickson, writer-director of the direct-to-video Hellraiser: Inferno.
Unlike some demonic-possession movies that wallow in projectile pea-soup vomiting, [this movie] knows that what you don't see can be far more frightening than what you do.
The Exorcism of Emily Rose must be the dullest exorcist movie ever made, turning instead into a dry courtroom drama.
Regardless of the accuracy of the marketing, The Exorcism of Emily Rose is a provocative, intelligent and absorbing film.
The Exorcism of Emily Rose is not the horror film its trailers suggest. It's a courtroom drama -- sort of a People vs. Beelzebub -- and not a particularly arresting one at that.
Intriguing as far as it goes, Emily either needed to be more psychologically and intellectually probing or flat-out horrific. A devil's bargain was cut between the two, and it left the movie in a kind of limbo.
Emily Rose never quite delivers the goods. It'll get you thinking, no doubt. But emotionally it becomes bogged down in its own indecision.
Emily Rose is as much a powerful courtroom drama as it is a supernatural thriller.
[The director] has made a paint-by-numbers horror film without a shred of originality and then added onto it, like a second head, a paint-by-numbers courtroom drama without a shred of originality.
By failing to mine deeper emotional and psychological territory, this exorcism flick never fully possesses its audience.
Less talk. More head spinning. These are the charges against The Exorcism of Emily Rose, which delivers some creepy moments but only after endless scenes of courtroom wrangling.
.
You would hardly expect Laura Linney, Tom Wilkinson and Campbell Scott to appear in such a transparent rip-off of The Exorcist.
Emily Rose succeeds not so much with re-branding, but through good old-fashioned star power.
A thought-provoking, well-acted courtroom drama about the intersection of religious belief and the law.
A perfectly sorry excuse for a horror film.
It does feel a bit like a TV movie of the week, but the strong performances elevate it to another level.
Although it's not the horror film the trailers will lead you to believe, this film exceeds expectations in every way.
A gripping supernatural thriller about the continuing clash in our society between the forces of reason and science and the forces of faith and religion.
... the film wants to have it both ways.
So determined not to evoke The Exorcist that it backs itself into being the strangest Law & Order episode you ever saw.
Finally, a scary movie that's shrewd enough to not be afraid of its own shadow.
The first half plays like the best exorcism film yet produced... the second half plays like an elongated episode of "Law and Order."
More than an account of demonic possession, this psychological thriller is a courtroom drama, asking more questions than it answers.
When it's scary, it's extra scary. Nails-in-the-armrest scary.
A 'Song of Bernadette' for a violent show-me age, with Emily Rose helping to restore the faith of those around her with visions of hell rather than heaven.
...tries to be both a horror movie and a supernaturally charged courtroom drama. It does neither particularly well.
An interesting mash-up of metaphysical horror spookery and courtroom procedural mystery...
I am a believer, but I confess I'm left with more doubts than certainties about Emily's case. This, perhaps, is what [the filmmakers] want to do: offer questions, not answers.
The filmmakers aren't championing ignorance... Those on insisting on seeing this as taking sides in the 'debate' over evolution are missing the point.
If you are looking for a fright fest like The Exorcist, The Exorcism of Emily Rose will be a big disappointment.
An exploitation picture given the "A" treatment...Putting aside the nagging liberties taken with Anneliese Michel's experiences...[it's] a good scary movie.
Consider it an opening salvo now awaiting return fire from The Da Vinci Code.
It is, essentially, a flat courtroom movie that has been spiced up with a few scenes of demonic possession.
Admirably ambitious, but also undercooked and disorganized.
could have been much better had they left the primetime drama to TV.
(Scott) Derrickson uses a visual sledgehammer. That tilts everything toward horror and dilutes the terrifying power of the supernatural darkness.
Each element detracts from the others and the end result is both overheated and cheesy, narratively weak and theologically suspect.
I'm a hung jury: I'm guilty of getting off on the courtroom twist on the horror genre, but I object to the one-sidedness of the story.
Many will dismiss it as hokum dressed up by Hollywood, but isn't the debating the most fun aspect with films like this?
It's just another in the string of subpar exorcism movies which followed 1973's never-rivalled The Exorcist, gussied up with an A-list cast and dishonest marketing.
Inserting a dose of horror into a standard courtroom drama, writer-director Scott Derrickson and co-writer Paul Harris Boardman have constructed a well-cast yet dopey tale that is much less than the sum of its parts.
Exorcism is a more serious examination of the intersection of faith and science than any other film in recent memory.
Aside from the occasional 'boo!' moment, the film lacks anything to stand nape hairs on end, and the trail -- which occupies a majority of the overlong 113 minute running length -- is unremarkable, despite some nice performances.
Part spine-tingling horror movie, part unorthodox courtroom drama, Emily Rose runs into trouble because it's ironically more credible as the former than the latter.
A movie with a severe identity crisis.
The Exorcism of Emily Rose is more courtroom drama than horror movie, playing like a rejected TV spinoff -- Law & Order: SSU (Special Satanic Unit).
While not especially good, The Exorcism of Emily Rose, directed by Scott Derrickson, is still a fascinating cultural document in the age of intelligent design.
The no-nonsense ferocity of Linney's defense attorney binds this split-personality film, keeping us in the game whenever it threatens to buckle under the combined weight of ambition and silliness.
The most devilish behavior in Emily Rose comes from bait-and-switch marketers who are selling it as if it were an Exorcist-style movie, when it's really a melodrama.
Emily Rose doesn't bring any particular style or tone to its rehashing of courtroom or horror conventions. As written and directed the tale contains few wrinkles.
[An] intriguing and perplexing movie.
A curious melange of elements...ultimately the disparate parts war against the whole.
It's a pity that all this exposition is written with such clunkiness that it would make George Lucas yelp.
It wants to combine John Grisham's legalese with Dean R. Koontz's faith-oriented spooks. But any pulpy jolts have been expelled from the body of this retro-horror wannabe.
Approaches its subject with a gratifying seriousness. Until a late morph into downright religious propaganda, it entertains suspicions of a new classic of the form.
Creepy enough at first, this relatively gore-free film gradually becomes a stifling talk-fest in which superb actors drone on for so long about the nature of belief that one longs for a juror to spew a little pea soup.
One part enthralling courtroom drama and one part scary as hell horror tale, The Exorcism of Emily Rose is one of the very best films of the year.
As horror it's not so horrifying, and as a courtroom drama we can see better any night on Law and Order.
A scary movie made all the better by its inquisitive prodding of insanity, spirituality and freedom.
Derrickson surprisingly shows more aptitude for his film's courtroom portions than its horror segments, which draw more laughs than shocks.
There are maybe three effective shock moments.
Damned if you do, B-List character actor if you don't.
An uneasy hybrid of horror, courtroom drama and true-life story.
An intelligent inquiry into the limitations of belief and faith as a defense in a court of law woo-wooed up with a heaping of religious-girl-gone-mad conniption fits.
Claiming to be based on a real case, this hybrid of horror and coutroom melodrama raises questions of intent. How seriously are we supposed to take it? Or is it just an exploitation flick?
Probably a cinematic first since it is both a horror movie and a courtroom drama. ... What won my vote were the extensive trial sequences.
The film pits spirituality against secularism in a court of law, defending each side with such righteous, calculated equal-opportunity.
"The Exorcism Of Emily Rose" must inevitably be compared to "The Exorcist," and pales drastically in the process.
From what I can tell, Emily Rose died from a terminal case of bad screenwriting.
Apparently, exorcism horror movies lose a good deal of footing unless they're 'based on a true story' -- and authentication is hard to come by.
Full of original ideas and chilling moments of horror, but far too schizophrenic for its own good
Psychologically and emotionally draining when it counts.
Horror Film Screen Writing for Dummies, anyone?
It's rare to see a horror movie with such a strong underbelly of intelligence.
An unusually intelligent genre item that manages to mix full-bore horror with courtroom drama.
Fascinating and engaging. A psychological legal thriller with a compelling subject matter. Makes you think about the possibility of demon possession.
Carpenter shrieks and snarls, Wilkinson frets piously, and Linney knits her brows, but all in such a reverent way that the necessary emotional fireworks never ignite








@highlight

Loosely based on a true story, The Exorcism of Emily Rose mixes compelling courtroom drama with generally gore-free scares in a ho-hum take on demonic cinema.