It feels as though Morrison and Goslett are trying too hard to emulate the work of their subjects.
The drawcard of Robert ''Twilight'' Pattinson as Dali is a mixed blessing for the filmmakers, given how ill-at-ease he is in the role. Javier Beltran, as Garcia Lorca, cast as the heroic centre of the film, cuts a more confident figure.
A snapshot of an insight into the life of Salvador Dali, one of the most complex artists in history and it intensifies rather than satisfies our curiosity about him
limps along about as lifelessly as one of Dali's melting clocks
Beltran tries to give this flimsy nonsense some weight, but Brits McNulty and Pattinson's attempts at a Spanish accent are woeful.
It's not even worth it for Robert Pattinson, who is shown in the movie, nearly fully naked, with his privates tucked between his legs, but everything else showing.
A Pretentious Mess of a Bio-pic In the Worst Sense of the Phrase.
The movie commits the error of scanting their cultural importance and fixating on Lorca's semi-requited love for Dali.
Sexual repression claims yet one more victim.
A bravely earnest and gauzy bit of biography.
A dry, dull retelling of a typical gay coming-of-age tale that's invigorated by neither the period backdrop nor the fact that the characters were real people.
The movie, with its badly painted backdrops, its stiff acting and its complete lack of dramatic momentum, is embarrassing to watch.
Beltran, for his part, makes a solidly believable Garcia Lorca. The problem is with the man with whom he's obsessed. In Pattinson's performance, we never see what Garcia Lorca sees in Dali.
Little Ashes is stylish enough to beguile and bold enough to provoke, but it's not bright enough to illuminate.
Even cinematographer Adam Suschitzky's richly textured and resonantly toned cityscapes and rural scenes can't make up for a flawed script and weak performances in what might have been a powerful historical drama.
While it eventually improves, the first quarter-hour of Paul Morrison's drama about the youthful exploits of Spanish artists Salvador Dali, Frederico Garcia Lorca and Luis Bunuel is cringe-worthy.
What's intended to be a daring look at repressed sexuality, three-ways and all, has the dramatic heft of a true-love comic book.
An intriguing and muddled relationship between three brilliant artists is downgraded into a tedious and lurid art-world soap opera full of convoluted love triangles.
A pleasurable, old fashioned gay romance with a good measure of art and politics tossed in between the passion.
Exactly the kind of flavorless bourgeois froth that the men it takes for its subjects would have ridiculed mercilessly.
Better to seek out these artists' works firsthand than to settle for this tame rehash, pretty as it may be.
The only viewers on whom the film is likely to make a big impression are young fans of Robert Pattinson, the heart-throb star of Twilight. For them, watching their idol's unrestrained performance as Dali will be quite a crash course in surrealism.
It's reductive and overly schematic in the way movies about the literary and intellectual life tend to be.
It's an interesting scenario, but its workaday execution couldn't be further from the avant-garde aspirations of its protagonists.
Shying away from the big issue, Morrison leaves us feeling oddly removed from what is otherwise a beautiful, heartbreaking story.
I think you should go ahead and rent the movie.
A noble effort, that ultimately left me disappointed and unfulfilled.
[O]nly indiscriminate vampire-swooning tweens will appreciate [Pattinson's] portrayal of the surrealistic Spanish painter and filmmaker Salvador Dalí.
a scattershot mess with beautiful people posing self-consciously in elegantly composed scenes
An exceedingly silly historical fantasy.
Little Ashes is a case of too little of this and too much of that, and like the rumored affair, nothing of substance to hold on to.
For much of its running time, Little Ashes wavers between the polite, stuffy style of a Masterpiece Theater production and the more pointed agenda of gay indie cinema.
Director Paul Morrison nicely re-creates the period, but puts too much weight on the sexual relationship as determining the men's artistic courses.
Sensual, mature tale of young artists in 1920s Spain.
The tangled three-way friendship of Luis Bunuel, Salvador Dali and Federico Garcia Lorca could make for a fascinating movie. Instead, we have Little Ashes.
Likely has an audience out there, but I'm not it, nor are most of the people who will be checking it out for its much-hyped casting of Pattinson as a gay-experimenting Dalí.
As soon as Pattinson steps forth with Dali's famous up-twirled mustaches pasted to his face, the picture collapses.
In the end, it doesn't satisfy as fact-based bio or love story, but we appreciate the effort.
Ultimately, Little Ashes, a piece of commercial entertainment made on the other side of the twentieth century, lacks the courage of its case studies' convictions.
The presence of Robert Twilight Pattinson in the cast of Little Ashes might generate more interest in this insubstantial drama than its meagre merits warrant.
A disappointing biopicture about the relationship between the poet Federico Garcia Lorca and the artist Salvador Dali.
It's quite an achievement to make a discreet, diffident film about the rumoured love affair between tyro artists Salvador Dalí and Federico García Lorca - but I'll be damned if Little Ashes doesn't manage it.
Director Paul Morrison doesn't do a terrible job on the budget, but it's all a good deal too amateur-Brideshead to be believed.
Wretched and devastating rather than titillating, the pivotal homosexual love affair is beautifully and sensitively handled, resulting in an intense character piece throbbing with innovation and sexual repression.
It might be frolicky and slightly frivolous, but Little Ashes's Entourageian take on the lives of Spain's artistic elite has a fiery passion and some fine central performances.
This is basically Costa Del Merchant-Ivory with the thickly accented British members of the cast appearing to have elocution lessons from Fawlty Towers' Manuel. Yet it's an intriguing story, well-served by some neat performances.
Leaving questions dangling, this isn't the definitive take on Dalí art-lovers may crave. Still, shot on a shoestring, it's nevertheless a lush, involving period drama that proves there are other strings to Pattinson's bow.
Little Ashes is an arthouse film filled with bare bottoms, full-frontal nudity and gay passion. You can practically hear Pattinson's army of girl fans weeping into their popcorn.
Paul Morrison's evocation of the meeting in 1920s Madrid and subsequent tortuous relationship of the young Salvador Dalí, Luis Buñuel and Federico Garcia Lorca is such a labour of love that you forgive its incongruities.
It does boast a lavish recreation of the period, fabulous costumes, the rugged beauty of some prime European locations and enough torrid emotions to make for a captivating period piece.
It's fair to say if Twilight heart-throb Robert Pattinson didn't star here as the young Salvador Dalí, this almost perversely unilluminating biopic would never have troubled the light of day.
Engaging, beautifully shot and impressively acted drama, though it runs out of steam towards the end and lacks the courage of its convictions.
...the translation of young Dalí into a homoerotic Vogue model places the actor, rather than the character, front and center.
The meandering film has moments of urgency, particularly when it focuses on Lorca, his growing politicization and the mystery surrounding his disappearance. But that arrives too late to redeem what has gone before.
Soggy plotting and Pattinson's tepid turn keep Ashes from catching fire.
A strictly genius guy thing billed as historical fantasy, as this trio of high IQ party animal sexaholics, among them a defanged low testosterone Pattinson as Dali, frolic at a college resembling an antique Animal House.
In art there's nothing more damning than being called tedious and simple; Ashes is both.
The film's biggest problem, beyond the overheated melodrama and paper-thin period trappings, is that the trio's fictionalized dalliances diminish their real art.
For a movie about revolutionary artists whose motto was No limits, there(TM)s a long list of things holding back Little Ashes.
The film teeters on camp, but the melodramatic music is a killjoy nagging the love struck teens in the audience that they should ache in their soul--not their pants
Little Ashes is absorbing but not compelling. Most of its action is inward.
This bland tale of outrageous talents reduces them to two-dimensional stereotypes. If you hope to learn anything substantive about them as men or artists, look elsewhere.
Pattinson and Beltran are stuck with a rudderless script, and they make a soft, dull pair.
Artists' lives are rarely as interesting as their art, and Little Ashes risks trivializing its subjects' work as mere responses to history.
A typically bombastic lives-of-the-artists production made even more stilted by having all the actors (including the Spanish ones) speak accented English.
All of the technical credits are outstanding; it's the diffuse script that disappoints.
With a melodramatic score that alternates between sad violin and romantic guitar, and repetitive reaction shots of Lorca and Dalí in all their dreamy-eyed longing, Little Ashes is broadstroked filmmaking at its most tedious.
Fascinating...impressively directed, with an extraordinary cast.


@highlight

It has a beautiful cast, but Little Ashes suffers from an uneven tone and a surplus of unintentionally silly moments.