This is a simple, clean film and (apart from the clumpy English title) very good.
The complicated truth expressed in Girlhood is that it's often a survivor's strength that forges identities and occupations condemned by the rest of society-not weakness or hormonal confusion
A robust, forceful depiction this is of a type of personal story that gets virtually no screen time.
Symptomatic of the national picture, Girlhood is an unflinching portrait into the seething cauldron of interminable chaos created by the fractured social structures in contemporary Paris.
Compassionate, profound and pertinent...
Girlhood captures how wonderful it is to even briefly belong.
[Marieme] has a long road into the seemingly inescapable marginalization of poor young black women ahead of her. But Girlhood offers some hope that the fleeting moments remain.
More in common with the French New Wave than Italian neorealism, this is a film that both celebrates and sheds tears over gansta life. It is the French version of "New Jack City" in some ways.
Girlhood stands on its own as a thoughtful, nonjudgmental look at a lost teen who finds definition over the course of a few rocky months.
An uneasy but ultimately resilient view of inner-city femininity and self-discovery, Girlhood reminds viewers that no matter where you're from, going from girl to woman is always going to be a struggle.
In her previous features, Water Lilies and Tomboy, Sciamma focused on young characters in states of transition and discovery. Girlhood follows a trajectory of transformation, something that Toure achieves with effortless fluidity.
Very good, very punchy social drama from France about Marieme (Karidja Toure), a prospectless, poverty-stricken black French teenage girl who succumbs to the ego-boosting allure of being in a gang.
...has wonderful moments in which the carefree nature of childhood is held in bittersweet tension with the yearning to be an adult.
[From] urgent, fast-moving cinematography, intense close-ups. . . and percussive soundtrack. . . to cautionary tale of the limits of being a young black female in France.
The film is about Marieme, and what happens to her, and perhaps, too, it's about seeing life in the projects for what it is: a milieu of mingling stories, some happy, some sad, and all shot through with moments of joy.
Transformation is coming, although as with Sciamma's previous films this is not a simple, one-way manoeuvre, completed in double-quick time.
An intelligent and heart-swelling story with an excellent cast.
Though perhaps proceedings tend towards harsh uncertainty, Sciamma never forgets the importance of showing the moments of unadulterated joy that teens always find, regardless of how troubled their situations are.
Speak[s] optimistically to the power of friendship and, for that matter, of girlhood itself.
Honest, empowering and electrifying. Bravo!
This is no quietly incremental coming-of-age narrative, but a brash, at times distressing series of snapshots of the life of undereducated black working-class girls on the bottom rung of every social and economic ladder.
these gendered rites of passage are a bittersweet triumph.
Touré's performance is a tower of power that augurs well for her future career.
[N]uanced and unvarnished... with its rare depth and compassion for people too often ignored on film... [S]earingly authentic...
It's great to see a gritty girl-gang story that's not a fingerwagging cautionary tale, or a grrrlpower fantasy.
I was somehow watching my own teenage struggles and triumphs play out on the screen. The fact I'm not - nor have ever been - French, female or black didn't seem to come into it.
[Céline Sciamma's] third film, Girlhood, confirms her as quite simply one of the best directors of her generation.
Céline Sciamma's girl-gang movie is a disarming affair, a long way removed from the macho posturing of other French films set in the Banlieue, such as La Haine.
The movie captures that heady adolescent sense of time stopping and the moment mattering while standing far enough back to let us acknowledge all the pitfalls Marieme is moving too fast to see.
Girlhood has a raw emotional urgency and energy.
A bracingly fresh approach to the coming-of-age genre, this French drama gives remarkable insight into its central character through detailed observation...
Sciamma held open casting for the non-professionals who play this out in near-exclusively black Parisian suburban estates. And what discoveries they prove to be ...
Overall this is a gripping, non-judgmental look at a young girl finding herself in the toughest circumstances.
As with her previous film Tomboy, writer/director Sciamma demonstrates an acute sensitivity to the complications of growing up female.
From the opening montage of Marieme and other girls playing American football in full uniform, "Girlhood" resonates as something special.
"Girlhood" is about as grim as movies get, but it's showing something real, and Sciamma has a feel for this period of life, the camaraderie, the jokes, the kinds of conflicts, the panic and the hope.
French film offers bleak, affecting look at troubled teen.
The film's biggest strength lies in Sciamma's magic touch with young actresses: the cast of first-timers give uniformly excellent performances, with Karidja Touré and Assa Sylla in particular showing a real star quality.
Director Sciamma uses an uncommonly light touch in depicting Marieme's gradual transformation from an unformed blank slate into a self-assured girl who doesn't always make the right decisions in the process of figuring herself out.
Sciamma (Water Lilies, Tomboy) gets unaffected performances from her non-professional cast.
"Girlhood" is a mesmerizing exercise in the enlightenment that can happen when a filmmaker shifts the male cinematic gaze ever so slightly and uncovers what looks like a whole new world.
These new friends may be a bad influence on Marieme, but Sciamma's understated screenplay suggests they may be a necessary influence; she needs to step sideways, before she can step forward.
Through Girlhood, Céline Sciamma captures the emotional minefield of adolescence and, more specifically, the intensity of female friendship, with a visceral blow to wherever those memories lay dormant.
We feel for [Vic], deeply, and hope that her final, ambiguous act is one of hope.
Beautifully observed, precisely directed and acted with wonderful conviction, it pulls us into the life of its protagonist in a deeply involving way.
Physical force governs every relationship in Girlhood.
Throughout "Girlhood" the malignant energy that results from having a scary home life never entirely dissipates. Yet the story allows for a full array of emotional peaks and valleys.
About a million times better than Boyhood.
The cinematic equivalent of slumming around the City of Lights' seamy underbelly.
A sequel, please.
[VIDEO ESSAY] 2015 Has its First Great Film of the Year!
"Save for a few standout scenes of carefree elation and daring camaraderie, 'Girlhood' is largely a grim and stilted study of oppression."
Girlhood is a remarkable film that neither casts judgment on its characters nor does it offer a tidy ending to Marieme's problems.
A powerful and entertaining film about a gang of girls, and what friendship means, the protection it provides.
While "Girlhood" is sad and wrenching, it doesn't feel like a misery-mongering expression of high-minded (and therefore condescending) concern.
Sciamma deserves all credit for filling [a] vacuum. By its end, though, Girlhood, by comparison, feels like the work of a sympathetic outsider who can't resist working her own agenda.
It seems to be trying to bottle up a period in teenage years when the self feels scarily and thrillingly in flux - when one's young version is torched, making way for another.
Sciamma has a particular gift for spectacular opening scenes.
Writer-director Céline Sciamma expertly places her characters in that nebulous region between child and adult.
[A] vibrant portrait of a teenage girl (Karidja Touré) who joins a female gang as an escape from her life in the projects.
Sciamma's touch is lighter and more nuanced in Girlhood, which refuses to pin any of its characters down, even in their vacillations.
Drama of a female teen and her gang in a tough Paris project delivers some fine acting but is wobbly in its story of the young heroine's sad journey into an ugly early adulthood.
The movie's an empathetic triumph.
Celine Sciamma's third film has all the quiet determination and punchy life force of its magnetic 16-year-old heroine.
Celine Sciamma's Girlhood advances the French helmer's obsession with how society attempts to force teenage girls into familiar categories, when the individuals themselves don't conform so easily.
Where many filmmakers would have underlined the bleaker, harsher aspects, Girlhood presents the characters' grim reality without surrendering its lightness of touch, its compassion or its hope.
Girlhood is so keyed to the minutiae of its teenage protagonists' lives, it's as if the film can't stop itself from behaving like they do.
The refreshing camaraderie on display from this group of energetic teen girls will sadly evolve into a life of menial jobs and perhaps incarceration.
... highlights the prejudices operative within the local crime culture: It may be tough to be a black man in Paris, but it's even tougher to be a black teenage woman who doesn't fit the mold.
Opening explosively with a night-time all-female game of American football set to the hypnotically urgent electro-goth of Light Asylum's 'Dark Allies', Girlhood daringly stakes out new territory for French director Céline Sciamma.
Girlhood is a blast of oxygen to the coming-of-age genre, with bold direction and a sublime turn from actor Karidja Touré.
Girlhood is a fascinatingly layered, textured film that manages to be both a lament for sweetness lost and a celebration of wisdom and identity gained, often at the very same moment.

@highlight

Powerfully acted and smartly scripted, Girlhood offers a fresh perspective on familiar cinematic territory.