Brock subscribes to the new school of British Imperialism: crafting cozy little trifles that conquer foreigners with preciousness.
Driving Lessons is as dull as its title.
They say that truth is stranger than fiction, but as we see in most autobiographical coming-of-age films, adolescent truth is just as boring as adolescent fiction.
The highlight here is most certainly Julie Walters, who hams it up royally, and does a fine job of making her role as an aging actress more than just a cartoon character.
A warmly funny coming of age story as the ultra conservative clashes with the unconventional in a confluence of the unexpected
Típica besteira de cinema independente que se julga mais inteligente e observadora do que é na realidade. O surpreendente é perceber que, enquanto Walters e Linney apelam para caricaturas, o jovem Grint oferece uma atuação sólida e envolvente.
Too many alcoholic outbursts and pitiful breakdowns wear down your patience.
The film is anchored by Walter's brilliant performance. She has a field day with this rambunctious, pampered yet terribly insecure woman. Grint is often reduced to playing straight man, but his reactions are priceless and the fact that he and Walters have
Writer-director Jeremy Brock has backloaded much of the hero's family conflict into the final scenes, which collapse under the weight.
The characterizations and comic situations both seem forced and labored.
Driving Lessons is a poignant miniature that offers [Julie] Walters a chance to be typically wonderful - saucy but deep - and [Rupert] Grint to stretch quite commendably.
Will be remembered as the movie in which we got to see Ron Weasley utter the s-word and the f-word (numerous times); drink wine; and hook up with a Scottish hottie who introduces him to Nick Drake and sex (in that order).
Walters is alternately zany and poignant, with Grint the perfect foil, a bemused, confused innocent who only wants to do good.
Driving Lessons runs out of creative gas near the ridiculous end.
... the film hardly resonates five minutes after it's over.
Barely worth the trip.
Depressingly symptomatic of the kind of film that constitutes 'art house cinema' these days.
For his feature directorial debut, screenwriter Jeremy Brock ("Mrs. Brown") has chosen from a chapter of his own life to tell a story that is as charming and eccentric as it is unsurprising and implausible.
It's an exercise in calculated high-quirk in which the most egregious forms of stereotyping -- particularly along gender and religious lines -- attempt to pass for 'human' behaviour.
Brock creates a sensitive, personal tale of an underdog coming into his own.
Yes, the metaphor is that ham-fisted, as Ben's newfound confidence manifests itself partly in his willingness to chauffeur Evie around, although he's only a student driver.
A charming film that gets nudged toward greatness by Julie Walters.
[Brock] sticks to the inspirational formula of contemporary English sentimental comedies: that real life has little relevance.
Driving Lessons, with perfectly cast actors, a poignant and often hilarious script and original music, is a study in how fun British humor can be.
Veers all over the place in tone, especially in the scenes with Linney, who seems so much like a part of a different movie that I almost feel like she should only be mentioned in a different review.
Offers a pleasant excursion down a familiar road.
A slight but amusing british comedy.
The makers of Driving Lessons may have learned a bit too much from previous movies, but they've put the results to pretty enjoyable use.
Grint and Walters do their best with writer-director Jeremy Brock's uneven material, carving out a good scene here and there. The movie has nowhere to go though.
A soft-edged little movie. It also wants to be more idiosyncratic than it is. Which would be fine if the movie were moderately charming, funny or clever. It really isn't.
That's not exactly a novel premise, which may explain why this British coming-of-age story inspires too little excitement.
Amiable performances and a gentle, generous chemistry between Walters and Grint make the ride pleasant.
The movie's life-affirmative agenda is ploddingly clear.
Ill-conceived and absurdly scripted, Driving Lessons gets much better acting than it deserves from Linney, Walters and Grint.
Despite its slight and vaguely silly premise, Driving Lessons turns out to be sweet, never cloying, and amusing in an understated British way.
Driving Lessons doesn't represent a zenith in the subgenre, and it trades on some feeble character ploys, but it's a kick to watch Julie Walters do a barmy-charmer bit on Rupert Grint.
This ensemble delivers, engaging in repartee like Roger Federer plays tennis.
With the aid of a charmingly offbeat story and a jolly good dialect coach, the stars leave you thinking, well done. Their spirited performances help cover up glaring holes in the plot.
Julie Walters lets out the stops as this stooped bulldozer, pushing whole hogs of ham.
Everybody in the movie is so tightly wound that Walters seems a model of actorly limberness.
It's Grint who grounds in reality, as best he can, Brock's directing debut...this conventional Britcom lightly hums along for a good stretch before running off the road.
This understated comedy-drama allows Walters and Grint a great opportunity to step out of their familiar roles as mother and son Molly and Ron Weasley in the Harry Potter films.
A Scottish Harold and Maude, with none of the charm.
A tedious time-waster, it's never interesting, believable or funny.
The fact that he still needs saving%u2014after an entire movie's worth of instruction and rescue from assorted women%u2014suggests that Ben is well on his way to becoming his father after all.
The first of the young Harry Potter stars to land a leading role outside of the blockbuster franchise, Rupert Grint shows he has what it takes to enjoy an acting career post-Hogwarts in the engaging coming-of-age dramedy Driving Lessons.
while the two titans chew the scenery with wild abandon, Rupert Grint (Harry Potter
Julie Waters' fine performance helps center this sentimental British drama.
This coming-of-age movie, unlike Evie's sleek old Citroen wagon, is a clumsy contraption, but it's nice to see Rupert Grint coming out from under that colorful thatch, and coming, not a moment too soon, into an appealing pre-maturity.
Happily, there's Walters, a terrific character actress who keeps Evie convincingly life-size, even when she's carrying on in full grand dame mode. Thanks to her, Driving Lessons never stalls to a halt.
It's sad to see actors like Walters and Linney mired in such undignified, one-note roles. The movie is an object lesson in the lack of good parts around for actresses, even on the indie front. Class dismissed.
The mild British wackiness is more droll than funny, but the movie is a pleasant cup of tea.
Linney hits a single note for her uptight character, while Walters travels the scale indiscriminately. Her outsized eccentric darts from amusing to grating. Only Grint is just right, as the boy they, and the film, can't do without.
It's not Godzilla vs. Mothra, but the slight coming-of-age story Driving Lessons does set up something of a clash of the titans, with Julie Walters and Laura Linney providing a master class in overacting.
It's unfortunate the narrative isn't suffused with more zest and nuance. Instead, it feels calculated and even the most emotional scenes fall flat.
Linney is too sensitive and capable an actress to play a stock villain like this. That everyone in the movie dislikes her makes you dislike everyone in the movie.
Grint might have talent in him, but with this film, he might as well be casting spells.
Aiming for wacky and heartwarming, the film is, at its sporadic best, a mildly diverting coming-of-age story. At its worst, it feels forced.
Driving Lessons follows the well-worn path laid down by other, better movies while making strained, ludicrous things happen toward the end.
Driving Lessons belongs to that hardy niche of British comedies designed as star vehicles for distinguished actresses (preferably Dames) of a certain age whose assignment is to win awards by devouring the scenery.
Writer-director Jeremy Brock used to work for Dame Peggy Ashcroft as a youngster and knows what he's talking about, though the authenticity is somewhat mitigated by Linney's ongoing struggle with the local accent.
While Driving Lessons' writer-director, Jeremy Brock, sticks to the all-too-familiar template of such tales, he's given [Julie] Walters her best role since Educating Rita.
Sweet, light and satisfying.
Yet another calculated Brit product made for export: A coming of age of a shy boy posited between two grand dames, who fight over his soul.
Driving Lessons is the type of movie that makes you want to single-handedly dismantle the British film industry.
Evie is a character in search of a film that's strong enough to contain her -- and sadly this isn't it.
One of the finest British films of the year, Driving Lessons is a powerful calling card for Grint, who's just turned 18, and, indeed, for Brock's talent as a director. Here's hoping there's a long career in store for both.
Its heart is in the right place but Driving Lessons never quite gets into gear, despite a terrific performance from Julie Walters.
Familiar fare, it has to be said, but the component parts are done reasonably well.
It has an appealing feel-good factor and could be this year's Calendar Girls, another Brit-flick sleeper hit.
It may not pass with flying colours, but Driving Lessons still motors along likeably enough.
Full of strong themes and witty interaction between its excellent cast, but it comes undone.
Pic relies on chemistry that fairly crackles between the principals to successfully deliver its teen hero from familial repression and rescue its pubescent lead from child-star roles.



@highlight

Though it has charm, Driving Lessons is a middling offering in the genre where the youngster coming of age meets a quirky senior who teaches valuable lessons about life.