...the film's storyline follows an exceedingly familiar trajectory.
There is one major difference between the two, however. Hoosiers is a fantastic movie, maybe the best sports-related motion picture ever made; Madison, quite simply, is not.
As the clichés mount up, it's easy to see why the film has been waiting for a release since 2001.
Madison only reinforces stereotypes that 'old-fashioned' and 'small-town' mean 'good' while 'modern' and 'big city' mean 'bad.'
You've seen a movie that has the exact same scene after scene and the sport's just been different.
It is done with such sincerity and good feeling that I found myself far more interested in the proceedings that I could have possibly expected.
Unembarrassed with its rah-rah populism, the movie is definitely anti-cynicism, and often quite enjoyable in its sincerity.
Even though it's based on a true story, writer-director William Bindley and his cowriting brother, Scott, manage to squeeze just about every sports-movie cliché ever invented into this tale.
A touching, spirited family movie that, in the Rocky tradition, is about a sports challenge that represents the hopes and aspirations of characters with little reason to expect success.
Direct, folksy, more than a bit boosterish, the movie pulls you along to the wow finish.
A stubbornly up-with-people schmaltzfest, it's the kind of corn that gives angst a good name.
There isn't a scene, an action or a character that rings true, yet the narrative summary of the events that inspired it is a matter of record.
Madison brings us the news that miracles really can happen, and an apparent case of divine intervention is the only reason this artifact is being dumped into theaters.
This one's a little soggy.
What is it about Indiana that inspires movies about small-town dreamers who come from behind to win?
Near-comic predictability, 'What else could go wrong?' plotting and cliche-ridden screenplay sink it.
The sport deserves a much better movie.
Neither Madison the town nor Madison the movie ever feels fully inhabited.
Only moviegoers who care about nitrous-oxide injection systems or Madison itself are likely to appreciate it.
If not for the race sequences and the intriguing presence of Caviezel ... the film would amount to a well-intentioned snooze.
That Madison would emerge from this thrilling chapter in its history as one of the biggest tourist towns in the Midwest is the film's one genuine surprise.
Hilarious, thrilling, toon-like martial arts flick that's an absolute joy to watch.
Caviezel and McCormack manage to portray the stress-filled lives of the McCormicks with a low-key intensity that underscores the couples' frustrations and anxieties.
A truly inspiring story, but the filmmakers do it no favors ... [Still], you can't help but grin when those improbable thunderboats go full-tilt.
An old-fashioned tale about the real life struggle of a small Indiana community to come alive again.
The story may be based on true events, but there's no hint of honesty to the way situations play out.
...unless your specific field of interest happens to be hydroplane boats in small towns, it's unlikely you'll be excited by Madison.
only naïve adolescents with no prior film knowledge will stomach the pap
The music swells on cue with patriotic harmonies. And the head nods, narcotized by uplift.
Peddles condescending hokum as heartland values.
It's so busy wallowing in the agony of defeat that it never gets around to conveying that tangible thrill of victory.
It succeeds. Recalling a sweeter era in filmmaking, Madison is a movie you can watch with your grandmother.

@highlight

A pedictable and heavy-handed sports drama.