It's always a bad sign in a thriller when the big reveal is greeted by hoots of derisive laughter.
As with many modern thrillers the actual plot, once it comes to light, is highly implausible, there are a few too many turns towards the end and the climax errs towards the anti-climatic. That being said, it's well put together and entertainingly moody.
Tense but riveting thriller, best for teens+.
If it's post 9/11, why would they have a plane with bathrooms that lead to tunnel-sized ventilators that have access to the plane's machinery?!
a white-knuckle ride into the anxieties and terrors of the new millennium... Fasten your seatbelts.
Following a smooth takeoff, this psychological thriller hits some turbulence and crash lands due to a preposterous, almost comical, turn of events.
Foster is a master at portraying a woman in terror who's trying to balance her fears with a survival instinct that drives her to somehow prevail.
full review in Greek
While I do think that Foster and the movies she makes need to lighten up, that isn't quite what I have in mind.
The bickering back and forth between Foster and Sarsgaard becomes tiresome. And the erriness dissipates without anything as interesting to replace it.
A disposable B-movie without much excitement or ingenuity.
It's not a good movie despite its stylishness and performances, but it does have a short window of appeal for reasons entirely independent of its plausibility.
Jodie Foster, the real-life mother of two young sons, follows 'Panic Room' with another thriller that allows her to physicalize her maternal instincts into action-movie heroics. (Does her experience as a child actor help explain this protective streak?)
The movie may not soar, but it flies.
As plane-based suspense thrillers go, Flightplan has a smooth take off and cruises along nicely for a while, but it hits a rocky patch of turbulence in the third act and goes into a fatal tailspin.
Rumor is Ms. Foster's picky about scripts. It's an interesting notion, but it doesn't quite explain the existence of Flightplan
The makers of Flightplan have trimmed all the meat off The Lady Vanishes as if it were fat and served us the bone.
If you can forgive the story for being what it is, as I could not, you will probably get your money's worth out of this film. When will they ever learn?
It never really takes off as a fully developed chiller, rather settling for familiar characters and cloudy motivations.
With two and a half good acts out of three and a charismatic Jodie Foster holding at the centre, Flightplan warrants the fare for paying passengers.
[Flight Plan] may not win Foster another Oscar, [but] it manages to remind us of how entirely commanding a screen presence she can be.
A big disappointment.
Takes off well, but boy is the landing bumpy.
Director Schwentke swoops around his giant set with an energetic style that keeps this widescreen film from becoming too claustrophobic.
Foster doesn't make a lot of movies these days...but I'm starting to wish she'd be a little more selective about what she deigns to appear in.
...it's far from First Class.
... a script with a social agenda nearly undermines all the film had going for it...
We live in an era of soccer moms and mommy journalism, and Foster is all aboard with mommy-based moviemaking.
presented with such enthusiastic abandon that it's easy to get caught up in the proceedings, no matter how far-fetched.
Foster is the reason to see "Flightplan"; she lends the film both a consummate strength and vulnerability.
When the movie was over, I stepped out into the daylight and felt a weird sensation. It was a form of relief. The suspense had gotten to me more deeply than I expected.
We identify not with Jodie Foster, but with the 423 other passengers whose trip has been loused up by this hysterical woman.
Flightplan isn't the most intense thriller to roar down the runway, but provides its own sort of satisfaction.
While the hidden agenda that eventually surfaces does strain credibility, Foster's ability to reign in the improbable ... allows this flight to deliver the requisite thrills.
"Flightplan" crash lands after take off.
The movie plummets into a swamp of ever-increasing -- and increasingly amusing -- preposterosity.
Remain seated? No problem.
Anticipating the explanation of what's going on proves more interesting than the explanation.
What a wonderful movie star this woman is! Clearly, the lady has no concept of 'slumming.'
While the story may not be very plausible, the film is compelling largely because of excellent performances by Jodie Foster and Peter Sarsgaard.
[Foster's] such a valuable commodity that I wish she'd spend her time making better movies.
Queasy, anxiety-driven and forgettable...I'd advise grounding it.
It's in the final act when Flightplan goes from passable to pitiful.
Foster does the frantic head of the family under great threat very well, as she so superbly demonstrated in an earlier state of panic.
The key to the film is Foster, who reminds us why she's so missed these days.
We're starkly reminded that there's nothing quite so fickle as paranoia, and that some people are never more persuasive than when they're out of their minds.
Strange. "Tim Burton's Corpse Bride" takes off. "Flightplan" stinks. You'd think it would be the other way around.
On the heels of the recent release of Wes Craven's crafty and creepy airline thriller Red Eye, Flightplan seems to hit a lot of unnecessary air pockets in comparison
Foster's acting packs a punch but her 'Flight' is grounded by one too many coincidences.
Can she escape his clutches, find her child and solve the mystery? And do we care?
Foster's go-for-broke plunge into the material makes the flimsy twists barely tolerable.
(Jody Foster) storms through the plane with the determination of General Macarthur and a battle cry of, 'Where's my daughter? Where's my daughter? Where's my daughter?'
I do think this is a solid thriller for our times.
It's an obscenely big plane. "Where is my daughter?!" asks Jodie. "Did you search the plane's tennis courts? The plane's new ballpark? Get me this plane's governor! NOW!
Jodie, Jodie, Jodie ---- what could you have been thinking?
......a rather nifty psychological drama for the first hour, after which it descends into an ordinary mom-battling-the-evil-people-alone plot.
Flightplan might not necessary execute the cleverest of landings, but with Jodie Foster onboard, you know it'll at least have an excellent takeoff.
A co-pilot remarks that all children should have to wear a cowbell. That's true at least for the people aboard this plane.
Un des films les plus pénibles que j'ai eu à endurer cette année.
...an exercise in pure entertainment.
It's a profoundly stupid plot.... The amazing feat is that, while the film has you in its grasp, you barely notice. Genius.
Flightplan should have remained grounded for repairs.
The longer the conclusion drags, the more attractive the exit sign looks.
This is the kind of empty film that usually plays on airline flights.
Flightplan is well worth seeing for the first 45 minutes to an hour, but unfortunately the third act goes down in flames.
What I expect from a thriller is that it keep me guessing while scaring the socks off me -- and 'Flightplan' passes this test with flying colors.
Unfortunately, the best part of 'Flightplan' is the airplane, which exists only on film.
Jodie Foster doesn't impress in this lackluster thriller that is far-fetched and uninvolving.
The vanished child one really misses here is that adorably sparky, wised-up kid from Bugsy Malone and Alice Doesn't Live Here Any More.
It might not seem quite so awful, even reprehensible, if it didn't waste a pretty good cast, or if it didn't trot out that ultimate poor-taste cliche, a child in peril.
One of those thrillers that pivots around the question of how daring -- or how focus-group cautious -- we suspect the filmmakers will turn out to be.
The last fifteen minutes are extremely stupid and almost ruin all that good stuff we've had before.
When all is said and done, it builds to a climax so tedious the only mystery is how big a yawn will be generated by the endgame theatrics.
By the time we reach the interminable third act and its action movie climax, it's clear Flightplan never should have gotten off the ground.
Succeeds admirably, both as a sophisticated psychological thriller and as an example of, if not great art, then superb craftsmanship.
A more than decent thriller.
Jodie Foster's fiercely intelligent performance drives this disappointing thriller, whose taut, carefully constructed first half is sadly negated by its implausible and -- worst of all -- unengaging conclusion.
Not worth the trip.
Just another thriller with too much plot.
Foster's cobalt-blue eyes and pale, pointy features have rarely been used to such ambiguous effect. Is she the hardest or the most hurt-looking woman you've ever seen?
It's a tense, concise and elegantly shot film that creates a sense of menace from the very beginning - - and in a way that's unusual.
Flightplan lacks a good plan (or, to use film jargon, script).
The makers of an anti-anxiety drug mentioned in Flightplan will probably rethink their involvement once they see the film.
Although it's certainly watchable and has some striking moments, Flightplan is ultimately a middling effort that lacks dramatic pay-off.
The last thing we need right now is another blubbering emoter.
Flightplan, nerve-racking as it is, stops well short of its final destination.
Attention please, this in-flight movie will be cancelled due to a predictable plot that leaves one about as satisfied a bag of airplane peanuts.
The contrast between Kyle's multiple layers of loss and the flurry of life that goes on without her is briefly compelling.
Flightplan grows more and more ponderous and frustrating as the reasons behind Kyle's predicament are revealed to be increasingly outlandish.
But when the bottom falls, well, just hold on to the arm rests, suck hard on the oxygen mask and keep reminding yourself: It's only a (very silly) movie.
The plot, once you have time to think about it, should so obviously never have been cleared for takeoff.
Here's the plan the writers came up with to handle the obstacles between their story and plausibility: Ignore them.
There's so little reason behind the plot that it's hard to focus on Foster's fierce performance.
If you bring an eye mask and a few sleeping pills, you should get through it OK.
The care and craft exhibited by director Robert SchwentkeRobert Schwentke in Flightplan is largely undone by a script that self-destructs in the third act of an otherwise well-made thriller.
It's a grabby premise in search of a movie.
It's high anxiety. Too bad the landing is so bumpy.
Flightplan calls to mind that old Kris Kristofferson song, The Pilgrim, about the man who doesn't know if the goin' up was worth the comin' down.
So, just book a reservation to see this movie already.
Flightplan has holes and blank spots you could steer an airbus through.
Flightplan maintains emotional altitude until it starts hitting the turbulence of unbelievable coincidence.
The longer this one remains in the air, the less inspired it becomes.
Like Red Eye, last month's air-scare flick, Flightplan rides a jet stream of post 9/11 worries.
Flightplan - - a heart-stopping thriller.
Talk about fear of flying ...
As lean and taut as the muscles on Jodie Foster's fine- boned face, Flightplan is a terrific-looking thriller that wastes no time with embellishment or asides.
Ultimately what makes this picture fly is Foster, who's playing another character who turns jeopardy into vengeance as a rite of motherhood.
Foster is believable, but casting her is like entering a Maserati in the soapbox derby.
Two thirds of this movie is pretty gosh-darn good and suspenseful. The third act, on the other hand...meh, not so much.
Directed with a crisp eye and some fluid flourishes, and Foster makes the thing perfectly watchable, but one can't help but think Flightplan is all premise and no plot.
I was so annoyed with Foster's character that I hoped the air marshal would put a bullet in her brain and thus end the misery for the audience.
[Y]ou can almost feel [Foster] spinning her artistic wheels as the story spins into the ridiculous...
The filmmakers take us on a gripping ride -- they just forgot to pack a parachute.
Flightplan is another one of those thrillers with a clever setup that, once all the cards are laid out and the plan is revealed in full, completely collapses.
Good performances and striking looks are meaningless if your story falls apart when the tensions should be ratcheting up to unbearable level
Foster's character in Flightplan is incredibly one-note, and it really wears on you after a bit.
cleverly combines old-school suspense and modern-day paranoia into a tense, compact thriller that's scarier than a long flight on a bankrupt airline.
This airborne Jodie Foster thriller pretty much runs on autopilot and lands somewhere between not bad and not great.
What starts out as a decent thriller soon winds up plummeting to the ground, brought down by its own improbable plot twists and illogical storyline.
Flightplan is two-thirds of a great movie and one-third of a mediocre one, but hey, even the mediocre one has Jodie Foster in it.
Flightplan is a good example of Foster's uncanny ability to make almost any material work.
Like a delicious oven confection that has us clamoring for its final outcome, once the door is open too soon - it flattens on sight.
fantastic job setting up a very eerie, frightening and confusing story ... but the ending falls short of our greatest hopes
So preposterous that you not only have to put your brain on hold but remove it from your skull, toss it to the floor and stomp it into insensibility.
It's always a bad sign in a thriller when the big reveal is greeted by hoots of derisive laughter.
Panic Room made sense, and Flightplan does not. None at all, really.
Packed with enough crates of red herring to feed a starving city...one of the lamest psychological thrillers to come along in a while
It's got plenty of talented people working on it, but it seems like they all turned a blind eye to the fact that they were creating something truly terrible.
plunges almost immediately into the suspense and maintains it throughout, highlighted by terrific performances by Foster, Sarsgaard, and Bean.
[Foster is] terrific in the part, and the movie is great fun.
Despite the participation of selective, talented actress Jodie Foster and a screenplay that borrows heavily from The Lady Vanishes, Flightplan can't avoid falling apart during its final half-hour.
[Flightplan stays on] a course mapped out by so many celluloid disappearing acts that pale in the long shadow of Hitchcock's The Lady Vanishes.
Flightplan establishes a solid enough takeoff, but with such unnecessary distractions, even Foster can't save it from crashing.
Outrageous illogical resolution to what is otherwise a fine thriller.
The movie loses some of its initial atmospheric tension as paranoid thrills give way to Rambo high jinks.
Jodie Foster might draw audiences on opening weekend, and who knows what the spectacular drama this week at LAX may do for an in-flight melodrama. But audiences might react adversely to such transparent manipulation for so weak a payoff.
Final moments are filled with twists, many of which stretch plausibility, but the blessed thing wraps up in a taut 88 minutes.
Flightplan is sillier and more outlandish than Red Eye, and ultimately less effective, but it's still fun and certainly not boring.
To watch Jodie Foster storm through a phony airplane for an entire movie has its very minor pleasures, but there is nothing here to feed the head or fray the nerves.
If the film had met the expectations so well laid down by the advertising campaign, we would have a top-notch thriller on our hands.
Every time the film starts to ascend into dramatic territory, it hits an air pocket and loses momentum
The script by Billy Ray and Peter A. Dowling contains plot holes the size of an Airbus.
Where the flight from hell leads is no great shake, but getting there is exciting enough to be worth the trip.
Here is a picture whose pleasures rise quickly to 37,000 feet - -and remains there until the captain has turned off the fasten seat belt sign.
Flightplan is like airplane food. No matter how good the ingredients the air chef has to work with, the entree inevitably ends up tasting like a Xerox of a facsimile of a meal.
The first half, which is vintage Hitchcock, is by far superior to the second half, which is pure Steven Seagal.
Foster should get frequent crier miles for this role; she shifts her character into panic mode so quickly that we also have no trouble believing she could be losing her marbles.
Flightplan is not a smart movie, but it can be a reasonably fun and entertaining one.
The movie's concept is cool, the execution is taut and filled with suspense, but the resolution is badly flawed.
Flightplan delivers a frightening thriller with an airtight plot.
Everything from the icy blue palette of the cinematography to the icy blue glare of its star speaks to a mood that is somber rather than hyperkinetic.
Not since William Shatner saw a thingie on the wing of his plane in an old Twilight Zone has a flight been thrown into such panic by one passenger.
Foster plays the mother of all mothers.
See Jodie worry! See Jodie run! And please don't ask why we don't tranquilize her for the safety of other passengers.
The movie imparts a fear of flying, all right - - but only because it reminds you of the dross you're usually forced to watch up there.
How unfortunate that this thriller at 40,000 feet comes so soon after the release of Red Eye, which had the decency of wrapping itself up with relative expediency.
Flightplan is a crackler of a suspense film and a solid entry into the early autumn season.
A first-rate thriller before it crashes and burns in the final act...The solution to the mystery is a real groaner and a politically correct cop out.
Flightplan never attains liftoff since its basic premise is never made credible, even for a minute.
Brian Grazer and Jodie Foster have delivered a hugely entertaining, if highly flawed, thriller at 30,000 feet.
The third act begins with another twist - but this one is so arduous, absurd and out of character for the film that the entire plot, stretching back to Scene One, is sabotaged
Marred by implausibility, underdeveloped characters, and bad climax, technically Flightplan is great, taking full advantage of its confined space and restricted narrative time













@highlight

The actors are all on key here, but as the movie progress, tension deflates as the far-fetched plot kicks in.