Bellocchio famously took on the Catholic Church and the Italian family in his frenetic first film ... Now 40 years later, Bellocchio's attack on the same institutions is calmer and more temperate.
Enigmatic and mesmerizing.
Never as engaging as the mystery surrounding it.
An artful look at religious hypocrisy, interfamily dynamics and the way people wrestle with personal history long after the original events are over.
It's a bit of a mess but strong stuff nevertheless.
Exceptionally handsome, somber film.
It's messy and unsettled, but Bellocchio's distaste for the cynicism and mendacity is potent and sincere.
It's almost as if screenwriter/director Marco Bellocchio wants to exorcise personal demons rather than entertain.
The quizzically abrupt ending leaves [too many] questions, and the viewer, hanging.
It is a riveting, rich portrait of an atheist who thinks he's resistant to faith but may be in the throes of a feverish conversion.
In the central role, Castellitto's powerfully focused performance manages to keep the complex drama grounded.
Almost as fearless as its protagonist in taking on the politics of the Catholic Church and the hypocrisies of the religious-minded.
Far from a blasphemy, My Mother's Smile is the story of one man's journey back to belief.
Bellocchio's complex drama is held together by the tight and focused performance of Castellitto.
It's a sly, subtle portrait of systematic hypocrisy (try to count the number of times faith is referred to as an 'insurance policy') and the mysterious way fate binds children to their parents.
An edgy drama unwinds with an emotional letdown.
A richly rewarding film for the discerning audience.
This superbly filmed Italian drama stands with Bellocchio's best work.
Uncannily beautiful and deeply humanist.
Marco Bellocchio's expansive, memorable film floats and plummets like a box kite in a storm on drafts of melodrama, mysticism and humor.
My Mother's Smile overflows with mildly interesting ideas and characters, but the end result is decidedly tepid.
Flawed but fascinating portrait of Vatican politics.
A fascinating Italian drama about the clash in values that erupts within a family when their mother is under consideration for canonization as a saint.
Bellocchio has a way of spelling everything out for the audience; nonetheless, the film's intellectualism is both provocative and remarkably playful.
The movie never gives us much reason to sympathize with its hero's plight.

@highlight

Castellitto's performance is the strong center of this surreal, fascinating film about a man's questioning of his religious beliefs and his relation to his mother.