Very predictable, but tween girls may like it.
Yet another teen-princess fantasy.
Perhaps the only redeeming factor is that both the President and the First Lady are devoted to their daughter. Otherwise, this film should be impeached.
Sweet but unremarkable, First Daughter is never quite as cute as its star.
The President's little girl gets a pity party for the second time this election year.
[A] gimmick-driven disaster.
Holmes' wholesome charm keeps the movie afloat, but only just.
If you must see one of the two Presidential daughter movies - this is the one to see. But like Chasing Liberty, it never delivers on the potential of the premise.
This stunning lack of inspiration is reflected in a script that continually hints at how teenagers have become disenchanted with politics without ever following it up.
Keaton and Holmes should seriously consider firing their agents, as they both deserve better than this.
...basically entertaining - particularly if approached on the same level one approaches a sitcom.
The movie's most interesting character is Agent Dylan (Dwayne Adway) because he almost never says anything. Would that all the actors had been so eloquent.
Merely another sugary confection rolling off that increasingly bland Hollywood conveyer belt
...didn't Mandy Moore do this film back in January?
Stupendously dull and infuriatingly obtuse, this is the cinematic equivalent of unflavored gelatin, bland and tasteless, but much less beneficial for your nails.
Unfortunately, the screenplay quickly descends into utter illogic, and ... Whitaker fails to sustain the fairy-tale atmosphere he's so clearly striving for.
You try binge drinking when you're followed around by two burly Secret Service agents.
rather engaging...Holmes is a delight
Why do female screenwriters willingly create feel-good fairytales that send American girls messages more suitable for the Wonder Bread years than for today?
It's not a brilliant film, and much of it is predictable -- yet it has a few laughs, and its target audience will enjoy it. Adults won't find it altogether unpleasant.
As the movie gropes its way to a predictable-if-unsatisfying end, the ultimate message that greets the audience is this: If you're patient and act like a good girl, Daddy and Mommy will eventually give you what you want: Your very own car!
...pointless piffle...the dreamy diatribe of First Daughter is nothing but puffy political pap that needs to be left alone in an unattended ballot box
[Far from] the rebellious spirit of Carrie, Repo Man and Some Kind of Wonderful, the only teen outsiders Hollywood now deals with are the over-privileged.
First Daughter is less amusing than Jenna and Barb at the RNC, and dumb enough to make last January's presidential scion, Mandy Moore, look electable.
Let's see .... well, I guess it's better than the first time, with Mandy Moore.
...just has a really cheesy look.
A person would have to have missed not only Chasing Liberty but every movie ever made to think First Daughter was a first in anything except its title.
The film is a pleasant romp and offers a look into the lives of the president and his family. The younger generation should enjoy it.
Holmes, who's clearly nearer to 30 than 20, never quite fits into the college milieu.
The mix of formulaic 'tweener' material with more serious subject matter plays like a politician who tries to please everybody - a valiant attempt but we all see through it.
Been there, done that, got a Mandy Moore tee shirt
If you've seen Chasing Liberty there's no reason to see this one. Come to think of it, even if you haven't seen Chasing Liberty there's no reason to see this one.
... a perfunctory little picture that doesn't go far beyond sitcom superficiality.
Everything and everyone remains an enigma, our heroine every bit the little girl cautiously trying to find her way into womanhood and independence just as she was at the start.
Reminds you of a political campaign: it's colorful and flashy but completely vacuous, and differs very little from its competitor.
Is this college in California or fantasy land?
Its predictable conflict and plodding pace ensure lukewarm exit polls.
First Daughter presents such a saccharine-sweet, insufferably boring portrait of a conservative president and his family, it could kill with kindness.
A respectable accomplishment.
First Daughter falters from the start in assuming an audience fascination with political progeny.
O'Connell doesn't seem quite sure whether First Daughter is a social satire or a sugary fairytale. Nor does he seem to have a specific audience in mind.
A fairy tale that never takes wing.
Not even Holmes can elevate this pap.
If you have a 10-year-old desperate to see a movie this weekend, you might do worse.
There's nothing remotely surprising about this by-the- numbers effort.
A wan and predictable comedy made watchable by the perky performance of fresh-scrubbed Katie Holmes.
A depressing reminder how little Hollywood thinks of real teenagers.
First Daughter is just one more in the plague of weak Cinderella stories released in the past year.
A dull, formulaic romance comedy with an ulterior motive and a sly message.
It doesn't know if it's a romantic comedy or a coming-of-age tale.
First Daughter is even more nauseating than most teen trifles.
remains reasonably pleasant, since Holmes turns Sam into something more than the run-of-the-mill poor little rich girl.
This storybook tale shares a similar plot to last winter's Chasing Liberty, but it's more believable and the father-daughter scenes are sometimes touching.
First Daughter is all heart and has the best intentions in the world, but what a bore.
Has any movie this millennium had less reason to exist than First Daughter?
Bland behavioral propaganda.
Forest Whitaker has made an unfortunate transition from gifted actor to colorblind but maudlin and mediocre filmmaker. This is textbook filmmaking by committee.
it never quite commits to some of the more intriguing ideas it introduces, instead settling on being just another teen-aimed, girl-power throwaway.
I'll have forgotten it completely in a couple of days. If you're a thirteen-year-old girl, it might take you a whole week.
Though you might think this Forest Whitaker film (yeah, you read that right) has more going for it than the other 274 cookie-cutter fairy-tale comedies...you'd be wrong.
Could well be the most hackneyed and insipid movie of 2004...Cutesy-poo to a sickening degree, yet peppered with pseudo-political sincerity.
In case the one-note plot of this movie seems a little vague, let me reiterate: THE GIRL WANTS TO BE NORMAL, JUST LIKE EVERYONE ELSE.
Its sophistication and Holmes' performance make it a winning little romantic comedy for audiences of all ages.
A cliche-ridden, paint-by-numbers Hollywood production that could have been directed by a student intern, not a man with the skill and intelligence of Whitaker.
All of this is obviously completely predictable and you keep waiting for something unexpected to happen. You're still waiting when the film ends.
After sitting through two of these stories now, I can say with authority that being the President's daughter must be the most boring job in the world.
A steaming pile of offal.
While First Daughter is nowhere near as airheaded or disingenuous as Chasing Liberty, it's far more confused.
You want hazy, lazy, lackluster romantic clichés? Take that!
Despite overblown music, fairy-tale trappings and sugarplum narration, First Daughter plays more like a nightmare than a dream, and an exceedingly unnerving one at that.
The movie feels more like product than story and will appeal primarily to tween girls, who will enjoy the princess-y romance and won't mind that they deserve much better.
There are stiff politicians and there are stiff political movies, but the rigidity of the White House-based fairy tale that is First Daughter is in a category even pollsters may have a hard time assessing.
This film is a flick that perhaps little girls and teens who worship Holmes will enjoy. But it's got little to interest adults, even in an election year.
A cinematic soufflé that refuses to rise.
Once again the performers outshine the plot.
A better movie than [Chasing Liberty] but one more likely to appeal to parents than kids.
While Holmes gives a spirited performance, her enthusiasm and charm cannot mask the fact that the screenwriters have given Sam a split personality.
A vehicle so neat, shiny and antiseptic that you could eat a three- course brunch off its surface.
A dull one for director Forest Whitaker.
A glossy, well-mounted, slickly done but almost stuporously predictable affair, both formula-bound and utterly illogical.
Gag.
It's about as magical as a frog that doesn't turn into a prince when you kiss it, but still gives you warts.
Charmless and confoundingly amateurish, a trifle of bankrupt non-ideas that will be forgotten about long before the November election even gets here.



@highlight

First Daughter is a bland and charmless fairy tale that fails to rise above the formula.