There's something oddly dissonant about listening to a gaggle of Harvard graduates talk about being scrappy, blue-collar underdogs.
If the film meanders at times, reaching for significance in the wrong places, football fans will nevertheless find it charming. [Blu-ray]
The best part of this film is the affection with which both sides recall the contest -- not as a loss or a win, but as a commitment to their teammates and respect for the game.
This 'replay' of a legendary football game between undefeated Harvard and Yale teams for the 1968 championship is terrific sport. The title may reveal the results, but the plays, commentaries and remembrances are gripping--even if you're not a football fa
A most entertaining straightforward no-frills documentary by Harvard grad and then Harvard undergrad Kevin Rafferty.
Even if you're familiar with the details of the game, Rafferty's suspenseful editing draws you to the edge of your seat and beyond, back into 1968 itself.
An engaging chronicle not only of a memorable game but also of an era that seems at once more innocent and combustible than our own.
Rafferty uses interviews with the former players, most now in their 60s and nearly all of them touchingly philosophical, to reveal the cultural issues buffeting their campuses, but not necessarily their locker rooms.
More than just a not-so-instant replay...even for viewers who regularly skip the Super Bowl it will be something to cheer.
Rafferty's static interviews seem better suited for the radio show This American Life than for a movie documentary, but the riveting game footage recaptures the game's drama.
Made on a shoestring budget, but with vision, heart and talent, Rafferty has created an action-packed, yet thoughtful film.
Harvard Beats Yale 29-29, a mosaic of storytelling told by former college-level gridiron athletes, pieces together the remarkable story of a fateful 1968 match between the titular Ivy League teams.
What makes the movie so effective is that Rafferty uses game footage instead of interspersing the movie with cliched scenes of Vietnam protests, campus mayhem, etc. The effective use of this footage builds suspense, even though we know the result.
The aura of shock-and-awe surrounding this game is laid on a bit thick, and sometimes you feel like you're just watching an ESPN special. Still, it's fun.
(W)hen Tommy Lee Jones...tells how funny his roommate, Al Gore, was, is asked for specifics, and gives them totally deadpan, I was laughing uncontrollably.
The memories the game evokes in its stars, now well into middle age but clearly moved when recalling that November's consummation of one of America's oldest sports rivalries, weave a narrative that transcends football.
Simply by letting the onetime gridiron stars talk about the game they played and the era it was played in, the capsule cracks open and you're sucked inside and you cannot believe, even if you know the details, how that game turned out the way it did.
Not just a great sports movie, Harvard Beats Yale 29-29 captures a pivotal moment in recent history.
An interesting study of time and place.
Uproarious, moving and thrilling.
Rafferty keeps the structure so blandly standard, the title is nearly the most intriguing element of the whole film.
It's rewarding even if you're not a football fanatic, alum, or sociologist researching Ivy Leaguers of the era.
An accomplished generational anecdote ... the subject still feels mostly like "just a football game."
A sense of mortality shadows the documentary. On or off the gridiron, time is the only opponent who always wins. Even at Harvard, even at Yale.
[A] generally entertaining, intermittently exciting documentary.
That Nov. 23, 1968 contest throws filmmaker Kevin Rafferty a potentially great subject. Rafferty catches it, runs with it and then fumbles.
A ripping good yarn, like a Fitzgerald short story rewritten by John Updike, with an uproarious, impossible Hollywood ending.
Kevin Rafferty makes the case for remembrance and for the art of the story in his preposterously entertaining documentary Harvard Beats Yale 29-29.
The movie, which absurdly tries to paint the Harvard players as a group of working stiffs -- you won't be surprised to learn it was directed by a Harvard grad -- also fails to capture the tenor of one of the most tumultuous years of the century.
It's kind of amazing that a film about a sports game where the final score is in the title could be so suspenseful, but Mr. Rafferty manages to pull it off.
Rafferty's no-frills annotated replay is the best football movie I've ever seen: A particular day in history becomes a moment out of time.
Ideas were flying around like bullets. And so were the footballs.
This touching, exciting film works less as a cultural portrait and more as a look at the bittersweet nature of time and memory.
How many thrillers could put the outcome in the title and still provide as many white-knuckle moments as Harvard Beats Yale 29-29?



@highlight

Harvard Beats Yale 29-29 is compelling viewing even though it spoils the score of the titular college football matchup - and even if you aren't a fan of the sport.