John Hillcoat's violence-probing Western feels as uncompromisingly bleak, royally widescreen and graphically violent as any Sam Peckinpah opus - a sunburned, grimy-nailed saga of point-blank executions and blood wrung from a cat o' nine tails.
Ferocious yet free of shallow misanthropy
What the characters have in common--the only thing they have in common, really--is the desire for community amid the well-founded expectation of imminent, violent death.
ustralian-born singer/songwriter Nick Cave pens his second film (after "Ghosts ... Of The Civil Dead") and generates a prescient allegory about imperialism.
Guy Pearce seems to have boiled himself down into some kind of Guy Pearce Concentrate. Winstone looks like he's been sculpted from the Australian wilderness around him.
a mythic exploration of the ever shifting frontier between savagery and civilisation in an unforgiving landscape.
Any movie that can cling to your memory with as much brutal power as this fantastic film is unquestionably a proposition worth taking.
The finest, strangest and most uncompromising western to hit screens since Unforgiven.
Cave's screenplay is masterful in taking the trappings of the western genre and transposing them to the Australian Outback. There's an ebb and flow to his writing and there's also the sense that tragedy is inevitable. He also manages to work in the dep
An Australian western without genre traditions in mind -- instead, their movie explores the complexities of moral relativity.
This Aussie horse opera doesn't so much present an exotic, bizarro version of the Wild West as the apotheosis of it.
It's as strong a Western as you're likely to see, at least since Clint Eastwood gave us Unforgiven 14 years ago.
... a movie full of startling and sometimes beautiful moments
The Proposition depicts male brutality, both within and without the confines of the law, in a beautifully measured way that doesn't kill the intensity of the narrative--wild contrasts, ironic similarities, and all.
Despite perpetual rumors of its demise as a genre, the Western is alive and well in the Australian outback.
A beautifully shot tracker's western that brings the Fordian poles of garden and desert to bear on the bushrangers' Outback, this is also a revenge drama of substantial horror.
When it comes to condemning the ancient Western code of violence, this film should practice what it preaches.
Beauty, brutality, some sly social commentary... plus another sweaty, shirtless performance from Guy Pearce highlight this Aussie western from the pen of Bad Seed Nick Cave.
It echoes, if not captures, the genre's harshest narrative and poetically visual trademarks -- all that's missing is Monument Valley -- while rejecting any romantic notions about how people shape their worlds, and vice versa.
A visionary tale of a fragile civilizing impulse crushed by family loyalty and a lust for revenge in the vast Outback of the late 19th century.
It's well-acted and has a great premise, but doesn't add up to beans.
...blends the classic existential Western with the violence of a Sam Peckinpah sage saga
In the end, it feels like Nihilism for Newcomers or maybe Sartre With Six-Shooters.
Intentionally strips the polish from Hollywood's overproduced outlaw epics.
It never becomes more than a mood piece. The characters are so overdrawn and exaggerated that I never believed any of them. And, when you don't believe, you don't care.
It doesn't offer much that hasn't already been said about lawless frontier towns, bonds between outlaws or the settling of the West.
By the end, it all pays off exactly the way a hundred earlier Westerns did.
In-your-face combativeness is The Proposition's power, and for those of you who value your westerns, the effect is not unlike that of The Wild Bunch or Unforgiven.
As pitiless an Aussie Western as one might expect from the pen of self-consciously gloomy songwriter Nick Cave, who titled one defining album 'Murder Ballads.'
Initially capricious though the film is, this murder ballad transposed to film reveals a devastating hand.
...a movie that the late director Sam Peckinpah (The Wild Bunch) would have recognized as coming from a kindred spirit.
It's fitting that The Proposition is set Down Under, because in many ways, it's a reverse Western.
Hillcoat has made a stunning, meditative, shockingly violent contribution to the Western genre.
Cave composes music that is nothing less than heart-rending. He does the same with his graphically violent period piece The Proposition, which plays like an exercise in forsaken humanity.
As directed by music video vet John Hillcoat, Cave's vision of 1880s Australia as outlaw inferno becomes an unforgettable exposed raw nerve of a film.
Nick Cave's sinewy script looks austere and stripped down but echoes with a rich set of characters and conflicts...
Violent but compelling yarn.
An intense piece of wilderness ugliness that mixes family, honor, decency, revenge, racism and mindless blood lust in a manner that satisfies even if it never astounds.
Those with strong stomachs, who can stand the assault on their sensibilities, will be rewarded with a thoughtful and well-acted, albeit somewhat disturbing, picture.
Director Jeff Hillcoat leaves room for strong performances by Winstone and Pearce, plus a pleasantly hammy bit by John Hurt as a bounty hunter.
This may be the best movie you see for a while, so when you have a chance to catch it, jump. Don't get distracted by the blood and guts. Look it in the eyes.
Taking a cue from HBO's "Deadwood," the film kicks its spurs into one of moviedom's standby genres, giving it new life with modern immediacy.
While Charlie's aim might appear to be less objectionable than Lamb's, the film's circuitous, implacable series of events -- less a plot than an accumulation of horrors -- suggests that intention is, at last, irrelevant.
With its bleak worldview and brutal violence, The Proposition is, without question, a visceral experience, but it's also a curiously empty one.
...quiet and operatic, stark and stunningly beautiful
Good and bad reside in all of us and it is shown well by the scribe [Nick Cave]
The squeamish should skip this film. But its recurring violence seems justified in terms of the story Cave sets out to tell and is up a familiar alley for the songwriter who has an album called Murder Ballads.
A movie of striking and resonant images.
It's richly atmospheric: stifling, sweaty, filthy.
Murder ballad for the slice-and-dice age, a film of sensitive artistry laced with gore.
Practically redolent with dirt and manure, this ambling, randomly violent depiction of the tenuousness of civilization on the 19th century frontier was a lost gem in the bustle of last year's Toronto International Film Festival.
This is the crucial proposition The Proposition misses: To make us truly despair about the face of violence, it must be firmly attached to someone we know, and not merely blown off someone we don't.
The Proposition isn't single-mindedly cruel just to be cynically chic. Cave accomplishes much more, exposing this period's racism, classism and imperialism, then making it seem particularly prescient.
A near-masterpiece of mood and menace, and one that deserves to be seen on the largest screen possible.
In this godforsaken land, the good, the bad and the ugly are all pretty much the same.
Strangely compelling, even perversely poetic...its juxtaposition of thematic ugliness and visual beauty is a heady one.
An amazingly rich, vicious Western.
It's consistently compelling and thought-provoking. This one will stay with you, and despite its disturbing moments, you'll welcome it.
A revisionist western that brings its own brand of sanguinary honesty to the genre.
One of the most intriguing things about The Proposition is that it's not clear who the main character is.
Offering proportionate measures of raw violence and lyrical soliloquizing, the Peckinpah-influenced The Proposition is for those who prefer their western action unvarnished but immaculately framed.
Hillcoat creates a vision as nihilistic as any horror film ever put on a screen, but so well acted and carefully conceived that it transcends exploitation.
The movie gets at something primal in the pit of your stomach, something that speaks of loyalty and betrayal, of men's souls -- or the lack thereof.
Cave uses the taming of Australia as the backdrop for a nasty, dirty western about the implications of violence.
One vicious, hypnotic piece of work -- a stark slow burner with heavy biblical overtones that builds to a jarring climax... you know, kind of like a Nick Cave song.
[I]nvoking horror movies is... perfectly fitting here... All hints of the fairy tale of 'the frontier' have been seared out of this tale...
...lots and lots of shots of people staring off into space thinking;... a strange juxtaposition of violence and laggardliness...
A pitiless yet elegiac Australian Western as caked with beauty as it is with blood.
Directed with Sergio Leone sensuality and meager subtlety.
I'm guessing that Hillcoat wants us to see The Proposition as a howling, heartsick message from our savage selves. The story is ugly, but there's some beauty in the telling.
Over the top, Down Under.
Have you read Blood Meridian, the novel by Cormac McCarthy? This movie comes close to realizing the vision of that dread and despairing story.
Mr. Huston, Mr. Pearce and Mr. Winstone give especially luminous performances as Arthur, Charlie and Captain Stanley.
It's a terrific, kinetic experience, and it's also a brilliant showcase for a crackerjack ensemble of great actors.
The strength of The Proposition is its relentless moral ambiguity.
Atuações e fotografia memoráveis enriquecem uma narrativa surpreendentemente contemplativa que transforma personagens brutalizados em figuras quase poéticas.
A darkly brilliant chapter to a genre whose creative spirit hangs by the thinnest of threads.
Really intense stuff.
An amazing act of scenery-chewing like none seen in quite some time.
If there remains any doubt that the MPAA's Ratings Board grants screen violence more leeway than sex, The Proposition effectively quashes such uncertainty.
[Hillcoat] transforms the stark, surreal beauty of the outback landscape and grinding brutality of frontier life into a sweat-slicked, near-abstract ballet of blood and sand.
There are intense confrontations and quiet bits of dialogue that delve into the souls of the characters. The stars, especially Pearce and Winstone, fully inhabit complex, unglamorous roles.
The quality of the acting, Cave's hellfire score and the heavy atmospherics of the directing merely dress up a cliché: Violence leads to more violence.
A psychological Western more in the mold of Clint Eastwood's Unforgiven than the John Ford films its stark cinematography resembles. It's about a good man, Stanley, who does bad things, and a bad man, Charlie, fighting his conscience.
The Proposition is no bloodier than many a schlocky horror flick, but the violence feels real and ruthless, carrying a much more visceral impact.
Hillcoat and Cave clearly have astute ideas to impart, but their passion for gore and grime overwhelms all intellectual activity.
If Peter Weir, Sam Peckinpah and Jim Jarmusch could somehow collaborate on a film written by Joseph Conrad, it would probably look something like this.
The Proposition becomes a riveting exercise in bad faith and murderous justice that takes far more than an eye for an eye.
For audiences accustomed to revisionist Westerns, only the relocation to Down Under will be a novelty since the film follows Sam Peckinpah's blood-soaked template.
a breath of dusty air in what has been a surprisingly mundane movie year,
Set against the sprawling and striking landscapes of the Australian Outback, the Proposition is a brutal western in the tradition of Peckinpah.
This Australian western, written by the darkly moody musician and author Nick Cave, tells a story of murder in the outback that is as cruel as it is aesthetically flamboyant.
The bonds of family are the centerpiece of this highly uneven, hyperviolent film.
The Proposition is a very hard and harsh movie, but it also has a hypnotic, lyrical velocity.
Delhomme's gorgeously gritty cinematography, and Cave's searing score give The Proposition an operatic bark and bluster. What's sorely missing is the bite.
Had Cave written The Proposition as a song, the vague grotesquerie and simple, primal storytelling might've been an asset.
An uncompromising vision of the hell that was Australia's early frontier, The Proposition is a mesmerizing piece of poetry disguised as a brutal, fly-encrusted western.
An ambitious work, thick with history and atmosphere and clearly haunted by the ghosts of an Australian past that remains, at least where cinema is concerned, fairly obscure.
The climactic Christmas Day dinner of dreadful retribution is a terrifying prospect, but for anyone with a yen for our great lost genre, it's also some sort of gift.
Directed by John Hillcoat, it shows humanity striving for a New Testament way of life with a Cain-and-Abel drama on the doorstep.
For people who like their Westerns with brains.
Here is an unpretentious movie for those who are willing to take a film for its surfaces...and want to forget themselves for a while.
An ensemble cast of pure talent in a visceral story of frontier justice and the pursuit of it.
The Proposition is an epic drama on a grand scope.
This Down Under horse opera is violent, grim and stunningly good.
Brutal, bloody and brilliant, this is superior filmmaking, and more evidence of the renaissance of the Australian film industry.
Beautifully told and wonderfully performed.
Hillcoat tries to make the film work with blood, death, degradation and loud music. In the end, it's just too nihilistic and self-conscious to be convincing or involving.
The spirits of Sam Peckinpah and Sergio Leone are invoked in this horribly brutal outback western, directed by John Hillcoat and scripted by Nick Cave.
It's a savagely entertaining look at the nature of man.
It is a harrowing, magnificent drama, once upon a time down under.
It's surprising that a film this unflinchingly violent can be so thought-provoking, and that the performances are as fine-tuned as they are.
A revisionist Western coated in flies, mud, and sweat that exudes an appreciation for, and fearful awe of, the near-mythic savagery that stands as enlightened society's vicious antipode.
A good film, but it should've been a great film.
This is the film Ned Kelly should have been. The Proposition is a superbly crafted, hard-hitting drama about loyalty and conscience.
Filled with matchlessness, covered in terrific performances and dished in a screenplay full of absorbing expressions. One of the best local films in years!
A strong story that's rather flattened by pretentious, over-serious filmmaking
A mesmerizing Australian western that occurs in a raw and brutal land.
Hillcoat and Cave have here found their most fertile ground yet for allegory-rich examinations of life and death in remote, pressure-cooker environments.
...an exercise in frustration...
Visually gorgeous, stunningly violent, and entirely gripping throughout.





@highlight

Brutal, unflinching, and violent, but thought-provoking and with excellent performances, this Australian western is the one of the best examples of the genre to come along in recent times.