A quieter and dialed back version of action star Liam Neeson makes for a captivating counterpart to a pair of senseless murders
The movie is classic Liam Neeson and like any good thriller, keeps you guessing till the end.
But unlike so many of its genre, "Tombstones" has a sobering darkness that doesn't dance on their graves.
There are nice moments of humour and the nostalgic 1990s feel, the change in technology and the shadow of Y2K works well even if it makes some of us feel our age.
Audiences are likely to oscillate wildly between boredom and repulsion, with only Neeson enthusiasts finding anything to embrace.
A brooding, sharp and skillfully crafted, character-focused detective story.
A slick, ugly and brutal crime thriller set in NYC, in 1999.
The first great American film of the new season.
There's a doomy grandiosity befitting the title, and when violence inevitably occurs it is something not to be cheered, but mourned.
With all due respect to the dozen or so guys sharing the latest Expendables marquee, Liam Neeson is the poster child for AARP badasses.
Frank's film is much more of a noir outing than a straight action feature, and Neeson slips right into the tone and feel of the hard-boiled detective offering.
As a throwback to a type of nasty, ugly crime film of yesteryear, A Walk Among the Tombstones cleans up.
As nauseating as the film's inventive sadisms can be, Frank succeeds far more in the details than in the larger picture that tries to relate this world to ours.
A Walk Among the Tombstones does a fantastic job introducing its capable and engaging main character, but it bungles the execution of the film's narrative as time is spent with unnecessary subplots and supporting characters that add nothing to the tale.
It's a feel-bad crime movie all around, one predicated on the fact that crime leaves real victims. Don't let the weapon on the poster fool you. This isn't Taken. It's a dark cellar, and your eyes may need time to adjust.
For all of the backstory and the marginal characters, A Walk Among the Tombstones feels too much like a week spent watching CBS crime procedurals that take themselves way too seriously.
There's a lot to like in this movie. This is why it's such a shame that the whole thing was ruined by a few minutes of footage.
This very strong thriller is the best thing Neeson has been involved with for years.
For all its strengths, A Walk Among the Tombstones consistently falls victim to the Achilles' heel of any film based on a pulpy piece of airport fiction: ham-fistedness.
While we're waiting for the release of Taken 3, the man who was Oskar Schindler is keeping us in an action hero frame of mind with the moody-but-essentially-empty A Walk Among the Tombstones.
The film gives Neeson a chance to play a type of character that almost feels archaic in an age of superheroes and indestructible action heroes. A Walk Among the Tombstones proves the gumshoe still has legs.
The film creates few welcome tensions, between what you recognize and what you don't, between what Scudder must know and what he confronts in a couple of suspects, can be unnerving.
This smart, lean, tough and, yeah, talky flick has been very shrewdly and knowingly directed/adapted by Scott Frank (who wrote The Wolverine), who knows the noir conventions -- rain, melancholy, tough, doomed characters, paranoid plotting.
A gritty, old-school detective story, A Walk Among the Tombstones is an above-average excuse to watch Liam Neeson load handguns, kick down doors, and grill bad guys in a questionable American accent.
Despite this effort, though, the film still isn't terribly much good.
Liam Neeson reminds that he can be just as captivating to watch creating a complex character as he is beating bad guys up.
Rough-hewn and weary, Liam Neeson brings his very particular set of acting skills to the role of Matthew Scudder in this dark mystery thriller...
The picture's apparently deeply held belief in its significance ultimately serves as its undoing.
... features occasional suspense and a couple of cool plot twists, it seems more concerned with dark potboiler mechanics than anything beneath the surface.
Walk Among the Tombstones is the latest gritty action film to be fashioned around Liam Neeson's undeniably powerful - and some would say inexplicable - persona as a laconic angel of vengeance.
I love Liam Neeson's presence and there is a sardonic weight to him.
It's odd to find a movie in which drug traffickers are, if not good guys, at least sympathetic victims of crimes that are even worse.
For all its slick contemporary surface and fashionably nasty trimmings it's really a throwback to the age of 1940s noir.
...A Walk Among the Tombstones opens with an engrossing stretch that effectively establishes the central character and his latest case...
A relatively old school private eye drama that maintains attention without leaving a lasting impression.
Neeson virtually ensures the quality of most of what he's in.
Some may find [it] an ugly film, but it keeps coming back to the humanity, of these characters, and the idea of how people can go astray when they're trying to hold on to it. There's no easy pleasure to succumb to, but the movie is genuinely satisfying.
There doesn't seem to be many layers to unearth in this dour and grizzled adaptation of Lawrence Block's 1992 crime novel.
Although bogged down by too many plot points, A Walk Among the Tombstones works as a gritty crime thriller that features a refreshingly compelling Liam Neeson as a reluctant man of violence ensconced in a violent world.
Competently made, this rather bleak film set in the disturbing, ugly reality of drug trafficking and depraved killings, feels rather routine
Liam Neeson is rescuing kidnapped girls again, but this time in a darker, moodier film.
"A Walk Among the Tombstones" is, plain and simple, a Liam Neeson movie.
A worthy addition to the neo-noir canon.
A moody standalone thriller with some unique tweaks to the formula.
This is modern, gritty film noir storytelling. The world is utterly corrupt in this story, except for the detective with his own code of honor.
What’s best about A Walk Among the Tombstones is atmospheric...What’s worst about the film is its sense of generic luridness...
As usual, Neeson gives a more thoughtful performance than the material deserves.
Despite a visually interesting, but ultimately brutal, opening credit sequence, the film devolves into a conventional detective mystery that quickly becomes long in the tooth.
Only Liam Neeson can wear a brown corduroy car-coat with such menace or give off such world-weary ennui just before going into action. A Walk Among the Tombstones is one of his better films in a while, certainly compared to the Taken series.
Liam Neeson's good performance only just elevates the general seen-it-before-ness, including a risible appropriation of women's pain for men's redemption.
While the story is unexpectedly simple and occasionally revolting, Neeson's performance and Frank's direction tend to override Tombstones' more obvious flaws.
Liam Neeson has spent so many years bringing class and gravitas to otherwise undeserving films (ahem, the Taken series) that it's nice to see him in a movie more befitting his talents.
While neither genre breaking nor a 2014 standout film, Liam Neeson nonetheless makes you want him yet again as your dad.
The biggest surprise is the fact that, even after all this time, Neeson still can't do a decent American accent.
If this is your kind of movie, it's hard to find one better made.
Gets under your skin in a most effective way.
Fierce and ferocious, it's filled with offensive scenes depicting graphic torture and grisly mutilation of women.
You've probably seen superior takes on similar material before, but between its spectacularly barbaric evocations and Neeson's reliability as a leading man, A Walk Among the Tombstones has enough merit to be worth a watch.
A Walk Among the Tombstones certainly isn't bad, and it will make an excellent Netflix streaming option on some chilly Saturday night in the near future.
There are abductions at the heart of Scott Frank's picture. We are, however, looking at something just a little more measured than the average Neeson punch-up.
A Walk Among the Tombstones is your standard, traditional Noir flick; in other words, it feels pretty dated.
No wild plot twists or elaborate genre deconstructions, just good old-fashioned sleuthing and gritty New York ambiance par excellence.
Like a good crime novelist, Frank doesn't necessarily bring anything new to the genre, but he gives it a fresh presentation, telling the story with enthusiasm and skill.
A fair amount of unintentional amusement aside, there's little here to enjoy.
This all has enough of a connection to Neeson's recent Taken-type roles that it's not a major jolt, but it shows Neeson attempting to pull this new audience to a more interesting place.
We may have seen this movie a hundred times before, but Neeson treats it like it's brand-new, and like it's not pulp but literature.
Neeson's latest effort, A Walk Among The Tombstones, is slightly more subdued than his average shoot-'em-up, but no less gruffly satisfying.
With a pace that can only be described as a slow crawl to excellence and methodical storytelling, A Walk Among the Tombstones is a riveting thriller that allows its audience to unravel the mystery right along with the title character.
For part of the promenade, A Walk Among the Tombstones is an enjoyable one, but once we get to the series of finales it's clear that in the end it's probably not a schlepp worth taking.
You expect a thriller from a movie like this, but the further into the case Scudder trudges, the more soundly and unexpectedly Tombstones is able to hit the sweet spot of any good suspense film: the pit of your stomach.
A Walk Among the Tombstones is no cerebral cop drama, and promptly settles down into a formulaic but perfectly watchable psycho-thriller.
The film portrays grimy, late-1990s Brooklyn in atmospheric fashion, throwing in shots of run-down tenements, graffiti-strewn walls, disused parking lots and sprawling cemeteries. The plotting is less assured.
Liam Neeson is a cynical gumshoe tasked with finding out who killed a kidnap victim in this enjoyably nasty thriller, adapted from Lawrence Block's book.
This is a stylish and smart thriller.
A good old-fashioned crime thriller. That's what we needed about now. And, "A Walk Among the Tombstones" fits the bill nicely.
Matt Scudder, say hello to Dirty Harry. I think he got here first, but welcome aboard.
A Walk Among the Tombstones is a bit too methodical in the delivery, but is mysterious enough to hold your attention throughout.
A nail-chewing, intense and chilling thriller as riveting as Silence of the Lambs.
The title helps set the creepy stage right off the bat, and the opening credits--which play over a "dreamy" scene that you slowly realize is actually a nightmare--hit you like a punch to the gut.
While Neeson commits to the flawed hero routine with grace, the rest of the movie fails to acknowledge its low battery warning during a dismal second half.
Neeson's trademark troubled butt-kicker returns -- still bad-ass, but in a wearier, more sad-sack sort of way.
It's clear from the sunless palette and the measured, one-thing-after-another pacing that Frank loves Block's work, and that goes a long way. The performances go a long way, too.
Besides being a dynamite thriller, it gives something not insubstantial as an extra.
Nothing spectacular but solidly done and thankfully feeling a bit out of the recent ordinary. (Full Content Review for Parents also available)
Neeson is the best at portraying morally righteous annoyance
Overplotted and underexplained ...
This ghost of a movie star is never more at home than when walking among the tombstones.
Dull and sleazy ...
It has the steady pace of a police procedural, with a flawed but noble hero and the colorful lowlifes that populate any hard-boiled mystery scribe's world.
Frank ... keeps things tense enough that we may not have time to notice one or two failings in the script.
Action fans can rest easy with the knowledge that TOMBSTONES isn't some kind of existential drama. This is also one of its weaknesses.
A brooding, compelling performance by Neeson... He and Frank combine to give this satisfying story the gravity to be more than just entertainment.
The movie doesn't dig into Scudder's character until the final act...
Neeson has found his niche as latter-day action hero, which infuses a genre outing such as A Walk Among the Tombstones with all the necessary Neeson grit.
Almost annually since his breakout hit, Taken, in 2008, Neeson has come out with a terrific thriller and this one does not disappoint, highlighted by high tension and outstanding gritty cinematography of Brooklyn.
Nails the mournful cynicism of the source material. If the sight of a man in a trenchcoat doggedly chasing down leads dings your particular pleasure centers, get to the theater as soon as you can.
Slow and Steady Perfect for "Tombstone."
a somewhat decent thrill ride
Teaming a tarnished hero with violated bad guys is a compelling idea, and ought to make for more sparks than we get here.
No matter what happens, the 62-year-old star holds everything together by sheer personality.
"A Walk Among the Tombstones" is the creepiest film I've seen in quite some time, and that's not meant as a compliment.
Even the film's title makes little sense unless it refers to how lifeless the acting, writing and direction are.
Frank mostly overdoses on portentousness as he roots his solid hero in a city that fears coming to pieces.
With the combo of Neeson's natural solemnity and his action chops, "Tombstones" treads compellingly amongst lesser thrillers.
A solid entry into the film noir genre.
"A Walk Among the Tombstones" feels like one of its villains: spiteful, sadistic and amoral.
Nasty, brutal and unforgiving, "A Walk Among the Tombstones" is one of those rare contemporary cinematic offerings: intelligent pulp.
Despite some lackluster moments and standard characteristics, Scott Frank has exploited his writing talents to successfully adapt an intriguing personality onto the screen, and create a morally complex enough environment to sustain intrigue.
[A] reductive, bone-headed detective yarn ...
Liam Neeson has a particular set of skills, but choosing worthwhile projects is no longer one of them.
Scudder's a different kind of badass, one who avoids packing heat, favoring the unblinking stare down. Neeson finally gets to add some of his early art house soul to his recent kickassing and it's a heady mix.
With luck, Matt Scudder will return - with more of the same patter, and much less splatter.
A not-very-interesting revenge tale that takes a not-at-all-welcome turn into grisly, ugly horror.
There are plenty of virtues in Tombstones but director Scott Frank just lacks the flair to bring them together and make the film feel distinctive.
Apart from the runtime there's little to distinguish this from an episode of any run-of-the-mill TV cop drama.
A largely unheralded contender for 2014's top thriller.
Like Scudder, Tombstones is quiet, unpretentious and ultimately pretty effective.
If it's still a Liam Neeson movie, it's one that broadens the genre's range just enough to not completely rework it.
What could be Liam Neeson's newest franchise gets off to a decent start with this Lawrence Block mystery adaptation.
They don't make movies like A Walk Among The Tombstones anymore... and maybe that's a good thing.
Scott Frank's atmospheric thriller is a step up from Neeson's usual shoot-'em-ups. Not a giant leap, but a step up nonetheless.
Neeson has so much audience good will at this point that he (almost) can do no wrong. He's very good as Scudder, and with luck (and good box office), this could be the start of a series.
A moodily effective piece of pulp that moves slowly but delivers some genuinely creepy moments.
A termite-art thriller that burrows in and stays with you, A Walk Among the Tombstones is a story about murder that makes you truly think about life.
Tombstones is less homage than a cliched retread of the tried and true. Like this post-booze ex-cop, we've already been here and done that, to death.
Audiences ... will be drawn to a more soulful Neeson as a downtrodden gumshoe with a strong sense of decency and dark streak of humor.
This generic, hackneyed film noir - with a frustratingly inconsistent tone - means we may have to wait a while longer for a triumphant adaptation of Lawrence Block's popular literary creation Matthew Scudder.
They don't make 'em like "A Walk Among the Tombstones" any more. Mainly because everyone got bored with 'em and stopped watching 'em.
What is the point of all this nastiness? Well, of course, there is none.
A grim '70s-style detective story whose narrative failures are overshadowed by evocative turn-of-the-millennium anxieties and a world-weary tough-guy performance from Liam Neeson.
Neeson used his newfound box-office clout to get "A Walk Among the Tombstones" made, and he's the best reason to see it.
None of the people or places the imposing, gravelly-voiced hero visits would seem out of place in a middling episode of Law & Order: SVU.
I found myself wishing this "Walk" would end far sooner than it did - but that we could follow Leeson's Scudder into another story.
It's nothing new, but it's a solid rendition of a modern day detective story. What really makes it click is that each suspect is a full character.
Neeson is no more "Taken" with this limp and jokey "Man with Particular Skills" thriller than we are.
A Walk Among The Tombstones is a hauntingly criminal winner featuring some of Liam Neeson's most memorable work in years - hard-boiled and gritty in all the right ways.
Little more than a routine walk among dumb stoners and unsavory characters.
Although the overall tone of "A Walk Among the Tombstones" takes itself too seriously, it's always great to see Liam Neeson threaten a baddie on the phone. Thankfully, the rest of the movie doesn't suck, either.
It excels at being a dark, gritty tale of vengeance...and it's at least something to get the fall movie season back on track.
With references to Philip Marlowe and discussion of what it takes to make a good detective it's clear Frank intends Scudder to become a household name but, given this dodgy effort, that may never happen.
I'd rather see Neeson spend his time cranking out more like this instead of making Taken 4: Dawn of Taken
Think 'Taken' meets 'Taggart', only not as much fun.
Notable for its dark atmospherics and strong performance by Liam Neeson in the latest example of his unlikely late career transformation into an action hero.
Too formally well crafted to be dismissed, but too straightforward and uncurious to be particularly exciting or insightful ...
Scott Frank's impressively dour and dangerous crime-thriller is the perfect vehicle for Liam Neeson to play a tough and troubled investigator who find himself caught up in a deadly and disturbing case that is like nothing he has ever tackled before.
Nobody can call this Taken In A Graveyard. Matt Scudder is Neeson's most intriguing role in years.
While there are shades of Neeson's avenging angel in the Taken franchise, this is a different, more challenging proposition for the actor.
The preponderance of private detective clichés gets in the way of an otherwise interesting foray into the odious garbage disposals of the soul.
All of Scott Frank's thematic concerns are little more than window dressing for a run-of-the-mill detective story in line with '90s thrillers like The Bone Collector.
An uncommonly well-made thriller.
Overlong with a labyrinthine plot but Liam Neeson's performance makes viewing worthwhile.
Exciting, in places, though a stranger to subtlety, it ticks all the genre boxes, but there's something about its knowing noirisms that feels superficial rather than soaked-in.
Like a good butcher's cleaver, it's weighty, solid and sharp - an effective matching of director and star in what is hopefully the first of a new film series.

@highlight

A Walk Among the Tombstones doesn't entirely transcend its genre clichés, but it does offer Liam Neeson one of his more compelling roles in recent memory, and that's often enough.