Within it you can see the misty outline of the great movie it could have been if only the producers had possessed the courage (or possibly the studio backing) to forgo the lure of an A-list headliner.
Deeply moving and pretty much compulsory viewing.
This deeply-moving, finely executed film is not just a must-see, but a reminder at a time when immigration is a key election issue that party politics can be as misleading as a movie poster.
A credible, engaging and beautiful moral drama that is unusually smart for a Hollywood studio picture.
This is humble and subtle filmmaking and is a must watch.
[The three central brothers] performances add an authenticity to a story that's clearly put through the Hollywoodisation machine but never feels dishonest.
Strong performances from Arnold Oceng, Ger Duany and Emmanuel Jal ensure that the characters of Mamere, Jeremiah and Paul are never reduced to "exotic" victimhood.
A Unesco educational resource cast in the style of an unreconstructed 1970s sitcom.
The bond between Carrie and these "lost boys" makes for a sincere, simplistic and poignant tale.
Ultimately, it's a decent, well-meaning insight into the plight of the so-called Lost Boys (actually 3,600 Sudanese boys and girls) who were found...thanks to Uncle Sam.
Reece Witherspoon's presence as an indomitable Kansas City charity worker may be its main selling point, but the heart of this fact-based drama is the long journey taken by a group of refugees from the Sudanese civil war.
This timely, light comic study of what it means to be a refugee makes for a refreshingly un-hectoring watch.
It is a warm-hearted picture, and its flaws are forgiveable.
The challenges of America's welfare system give this impeccably honourable film a vivid set of hurdles to surmount, and it doesn't feel overegged or excessively sentimentalised.
The film is predictable but affecting and often funny in its depiction of the young Sudanese attempting to adjust to US culture.
The Good Lie is an open-hearted Christian parable about faith and self-sacrifice.
The rougher edges of the likes of In This World or The Golden Dream were perhaps beyond its multiplex-oriented remit, but Falardeau works in surprising levels of funny, winning, stirring detail.
You cannot fail to be moved by this story of young Sudanese refugees - and not just to tears either.
The Good Lie is an honest, honourable film at which there is no shame in shedding tears.
A fascinating look at what happened to many Sudanese refugees, but also at how people who come from underprivileged parts of the world experience the United States.
Benefits from Reece Witherspoon's understated performance. ..a gentle giant and beautifully restrained film.
This glossy dramatization of the Lost Boys story at least keeps the focus on its Sudanese subjects while relegating the roles of the well-intentioned Americans to those of facilitators instead of saviors.
There's a sense that The Good Lie wants to say something profound but the message is as muddled as its delineation of history is.
The main characters are played by actual refugees-two of whom were child soldiers-and their uninflected, authoritative performances compensate for the feel-good simplifications of Margaret Nagle's script.
Charismatic leads and a good heart prove enough for tale of Lost Boys
A moving and haunting script --- also a funny one, at times.
It's a very good film, with some genuinely poignant moments.
These are performances that blur the line between acting and being.
"The Good Lie," for all its sincerity, has a slick, produced quality to it, a Hollywood sensibility that it simply cannot shake off.
A well-told tale that illuminates the experiences of the 20,000 "lost boys" (and girls) of Sudan, with such grace, insight and humor, it can be forgiven a few simplifying liberties taken in the name of moving the narrative along.
One of the smartest choices in "The Good Lie" is to acknowledge that Witherspoon's Carrie has as much to learn from the Sudanese as they do from her.
If a moviegoer can't cry for the great tragedy of these Sudanese children, and be touched by their small victories, then who on earth deserves our tears and cheers?
Has more truth than expected.
If a measure of tasteful restraint is detectable, it serves at least to allow for the depiction of human emotion instead of the market-driven blandification of history.
quite contrary to traditional Hollywood standards, the film does not approach a story about the Third World through the eyes of a Western protagonist, but rather through the eyes of those who live the story directly
Although it falters when it strays from the immigrant perspective, The Good Lie is an undeniably powerful drama, rooted in authentic performances from its four main actors.
Reese Witherspoon may receive top billing and be the star plastered larger-than-life on the posters, but scripter Margaret Nagle and director Philippe Falardeau steadfastly keep their attention where it belongs, on three of The Lost Boys of Sudan.
The strengths of "The Good Lie" are its lack of adherence to convention, its selective use of its nominal star and its decision to dwell on the Sudanese transplants' struggles and triumphs.
The film belongs to three actors you've never heard of, but if putting Witherspoon's mug on the poster is what it takes to get people to go see it, then that's a good lie.
It's refreshing to see a movie that knows where its heart lies and remain so faithful to that premise. ... As good as the story is, it is the performances that make this a must-see film.
The poster suggests a redux of 'The Blind Side,' times three. At top is Reese Witherspoon, airbrushed and beaming with charity. At bottom are three faceless Africans. Thank goodness this image is not an accurate representation of the movie's priorities.
It never shies away from the horrors of war-torn parts of Africa, yet it is also able to deftly change gears to have a sense of humor and keep us engaged throughout this emotional whirlwind.
It still deserves credit for fore fronting the latter's story, but as with any issue, it's never really just enough to acknowledge that you're looking at it.
The most powerful scenes might be the gut-wrenching trek the Sudan people must make in search of a safer land than their war-torn home, and it adds a depth that separates "The Good Lie" from most other cinematic experiences.
Heartbreaking but hopeful drama about Sudanese Lost Boys.
Falardeau and his screenwriter, Margaret Nagle, add compelling details and small grace notes where they can.
A heartwarming, culturally significant, though possibly ill-timed drama about survival, community and the strong bonds of family.
Director Philippe Falardeau gets more dramatic mileage from unknowns, former Sudan refugees themselves, lending an authenticity that shouldn't be undercut by movie star intrusion.
This isn't just another film that puts a white face on the black experience, as in 'Cry Freedom,' 'Mississippi Burning' and 'The Last King of Scotland.' It really is about three young men trying to make a go in a new land.
Sure, it's Reese Witherspoon whose face is plastered on all of the ads, but this film doesn't belong to her, and The Good Lie is all the better for it.
It's often earnest to a fault and fearful of its deeper, darker implications. Still, you won't leave The Good Lie unmoved. Its heart really is in the right place,
That's why "The Good Lie," in spite of all its good intentions, is so frustrating. It is a story that deserves much more than such a bland, flat retelling.
You heard of a feel-good movie? This is a feel-right movie.
Director Philippe Felardeau finds some extraordinary landscapes here. And his camera also lingers over his characters' faces, striking maps of their pain, their hunger, their loss.
Good old-fashioned storytelling that truly works. (Full Content Review for Parents also Available)
By aiming to be a crowd-pleaser, it fails to do justice to a harrowing part of recent history.
"The Good Lie" may be a little too soft. But it largely avoids mawkish sentimentality and casts a glow that is increasingly absent nowadays from films depicting international strife.
The Good Lie honestly earns its laughter and tears, even if it has to do so by way of some Hollywood window dressing.
The pieces don't always fit together as neatly as you might wish, but if you let it, "The Good Lie's" heartwarming soul will win you over.
True-hearted, warm, wise, inspiring, and funny
A big, eager puppy of an issue movie that plants its paws on your chest and licks away at your cheek in eager expectation of praise.
An emotionally warm and immensely appealing story of the immigrant experience of some survivors of the 1980s genocide in Sudan.
The political becomes personal, eye-opening and moving in The Good Lie.
This is very much a mainstream movie meant to shine a light on the plight of people who were ignored for too long. For that reason alone, it's well worth seeing.
In substance as well as style, "The Good Lie" amounts to two films joined together; the first is very good, the second good enough.
This is a Hollywood-delivered chronicle of the immigrant experience that earns its justification through good will and tact.
even if the ending is a bit predictable, we still want to see it happen. We want to feel good about what happens to these characters, and fortunately, The Good Lie allows us to, with just a little bit of a heart tug at the end
The finely calibrated performances of the three leading men pull the film through to its moving conclusion.
There are lessons to be learned here. And ultimately the heart of "The Good Lie" is in the right place.
In a bait-and-switch worthy of its title, "The Good Lie" may lure in viewers eager to see a Reese Witherspoon movie, but they'll fall in love with something else entirely.
The Good Lie is not a typical message drama filled with big statements and teachable moments. But in its modest, quiet way, it shows some of the dignity and determination of the refugees it portrays.
Most of the time, Hollywood applies so much energy to warming your heart, the excess energy turns your brain to mush. The Good Lie works as well as it does precisely because of an intelligence, humanity and restraint we rarely see in Hollywood films.
It's a sappy, but occasionally sensitive, coming-to-America story that hits all of the familiar beats. It has one very big problem, though, and she's played by Reese Witherspoon.
An inspirational, feel-good drama about the Lost Boys of Sudan who make good as refugees in America and change the lives of Americans in close contact with them.
I never thought I'd be so happy to see so little of Reese Witherspoon in a Reese Witherspoon movie.
A vital project that commands attention and pays off in heart and soul.
A compelling film - occasionally a bit too earnest, perhaps, or overly broad in its humor, but often deeply moving.
Sensitive and sincere, it's an inspiring, redemptive tale of courage and compassion.
Witherspoon graciously steps into the background to make this Sudanese "Lost Boys" saga work
In examining the most basic human bonds, it closes some of the distance a privileged audience may feel when confronted with the reality of the way the rest of the world lives.
So well-intentioned that it's hard to entirely dislike.
May not be anything like Witherspoon's answer to 'The Blind Side,' but definitely worth seeing.
"The Good Lie" is an emotionally dishonest account of a very real, common occurrence involving thousands of people who made their way to the United States in dire circumstances. Those refugees deserve better that this film, and so too do filmgoers.
A drama that takes pains to sidestep some message-movie conventions but nonetheless fails to deliver an appreciably memorable or thought-provoking experience.
A touching, generous-hearted movie that touches on immigrant experience with grace.
Surely it's for the best that such white-girl-to-the-rescue theatrics account for just one scene in a movie that otherwise has the good sense to focus on four Sudanese refugees offered shelter in America.

@highlight

The Good Lie sacrifices real-life nuance in order to turn its true story into a Hollywood production, but the results still add up to a compelling, well-acted, and deeply moving drama.