Don't let the incredibly ballsy yet excellently executed one take angle be the only reason you check out Victoria
One moment of undeniable brilliance explains why she embarks on such a dangerous nocturnal adventure but can't stop the film from slowly descending into underworld cliché and unconvincing melodrama.
The story itself would seem too clichéd without the immediacy of the presentation. In the end it's more stunt than drama, though at its best an exhilarating stunt.
Every time you think there's a limit to their stupidity and bad decisions, you're proven wrong. It gets worse.
There are some huge narrative implausibilities, but Schipper's virtuoso style propels us through his characters' highs and lows. Ace performances, too.
What's really remarkable is how you'll forget this is a one-take wonder as the characters and story takes hold. Brilliantly engineered, coolly executed, Victoria is a triumph.
Reminiscent of Michael Haneke's Funny Games in its sudden flare-ups of terror and horror, Victoria must be one of the great films of 2016.
An excellent piece of cinema.
The characters act so moronically that you lose any trace of sympathy for them.
The two-hour-plus single-take gimmick disappears into the background as the implausibility and the flatness of the protagonist come to the unfortunate fore.
One of the year's best.
Filmed with overflowing intelligence and impeccable composition, this narrative transcends its coreographied nature to submerge us organically into the happenings that a young Spanish woman goes through on one crazy night. [Full Review in Spanish]
One of the most breathtaking films of the year, this ambitious story shifts from a slacker romance to a heist thriller without skipping a beat.
Costa excels under what must have been a demanding shoot.
Schipper and his young team may not be up there with Hitchcock but they tell a good story. When it comes to pain, these kids cut to the chase.
An impressive film which constantly challenges your perceptions of the characters.
More than a technical prodigy, Victoria is an authentic piece of cinematic magic.
This technique gives the drama compelling veracity and spontaneity, as well as a free-flowing headiness that captures the divine madness of 20-something night-life.
All credit to the actors for sustaining this intensity for more than two hours, especially Costa who, by the end of the film, gives a turn of raw, snotty intensity.
Offering little respite for the viewer (even when the action flags, the committed performances shine), Victoria is a dynamic and astounding piece of charged vérité which continues to grip and convince until the final uninterrupted frame.
Combining stunning technical achievement with a thoroughly gripping story and terrific performances, this is a sensational thriller that demands to be seen.
With largely improvised dialogue, thumping techno score and pulsing under-current of danger, this is rough-and-ready, rough-and tumble stuff that belies its amazing technical artistry.
Bolstered by an atmospheric score by Nils Frahm and masterful performances by its young leads... the result is a lively and engrossing exercise in creative swagger.
You could know nothing about its background to still be thoroughly gripped by Schipper's film.
The performances are great, particularly from Costa and Lau, and carry the film as much as the dizzyingly audacious camerawork.
Victoria is the film that out-Birdmans Birdman.
Wildly ambitious, the result is totally gimmick free and possibly the most emotionally pulsating film you'll see all year.
Full of twists that feel authentic and believable characters, it grips from the first compelling frame to the last.
The dialogue was almost wholly improvised, from a 12-page script. And the film doesn't look cheap, hasty, scratchy or amateurish. It looks like peak Michael Mann.
The film scarcely draws a breath and nor do we.
More than just a trick film. It's a proper thriller that argues for the single-shot as a viable medium.
It's a pell-mell plot, wonderfully acted. Its human moments, of vulnerability, gauche tenderness and the first stings of fateful love, are as powerful as its hellish ones.
Sebastian Schipper's sensational single-take thriller is an ode to the art of filmmaking.
What a stylish piece of work from Schipper. Real high-wire film-making.
An extraordinary experience, raw and exciting.
The result is an electrifying slice of cinema that is likely to be frequently imitated, but rarely improved upon.
Victoria takes its time establishing these characters, and as the stakes escalate it keeps returning to their faces, alternately harried and ecstatic.
The impressive production stunt of its one-take execution aside, Victoria is rather weak as either a thriller or a character drama.
Mesmerising...This love of long, complicated takes we've been seeing in films such as Children of Men, Gravity, Birdman and The Revenant suggests a reaction against the frenetic rapid-fire cutting of blockbuster films. Here's to its continued evolution.
No doubt, this urgency adds something to the performances: with time, it becomes increasingly clear that Costa's look of physical and emotional exhaustion isn't wholly a matter of acting.
A near perfect triumph of pure cinematic joy. It does away with the gimmicks of one-shot films, creating a claustrophobic vacuum that pulls you in and doesn't let you out.
Costa is an agreeable if extremely ingenuous heroine and the rest of the cast play their stock characters with efficiency. As a bonus, there's a driving music score by Nils Frahm that helps paper over some of the film's dodgier moments.
The technical achievement, and paradoxical precision and looseness of the camera, raise the film above its mostly conventional heist narrative.
This movie is a triumph, not only because of its technical aspect, but also for its story, character development and acting, which is so goof that the end result is nothing short of marvelous. [Full Review in Spanish]
It throws us into the action, utterly clueless about what might result.
Beyond the drawn-out patter of predictable story beats, Victoria's basic problem is that its wanton wanna-bes behave 'so stupid,' yet the movie keeps trying to give their sloppiness and its own scruffiness a mytho-poetic arthouse profundity.
The extraordinary improvisational performances somehow hold everything together, bringing us right into this exhilarating cinematic encounter.
Without the stunt, there's not much of a movie.
One hell of a filmmaking feat that serves a purpose and pays off tremendously.
Perhaps because of the improvisation - although surely they must have rehearsed like crazy - even when the plot threatens to become contrived, the characters remain true to themselves.
Victoria is worth the price of admission purely as a marvel of inventive filmmaking.
Victoria has emotional depth but a plot that boils too slow for its own good, and the one-take gimmick paints it into a corner.
Exhilarating from start to finish.
This heart-pounding drama about one crazy Berlin night is more than just a one-trick flick.
With or without the crazy, single-shot experiment, the German drama is thrilling.
While Victoria is a heist movie of substantial technical merit, it's also just a fine film about Berlin youth culture, and about the singular, seductive joys of being young
There's nothing particularly special about Victoria, but the form makes it so.
Beneath the pulpy plotting and breathtaking camerawork lies a subtle character study.
In almost two and a half hours, an impressive and uninterrupted sequence that starts as a fairytale transforms into a fatalist love story. [Full review in Spanish]
Simple, and simpler: The single, unbroken take that is Victoria, lasting two hours and eighteen minutes, is taut, assured and oft-dazzling enough to rise above any sundry accusation of gimmickry.
Succeeds in transcending its gimmick and being enjoyable in its own right. (Fox29 Philly)
With no cutaways, the film's story and the momentum of the unlikely robbers seems as unstoppable as the camera. The characters are confused, adrenalinized and breathless, as are you.
Victoria is thrilling cinema, and just plain thrilling, too.
Spanish actress Laia Costa, who plays Victoria, is also essential to the film's allure. She is mesmerizing to watch.
The result is an audacious and gripping thriller about an ill-fated bank heist, and it keeps building momentum.
At 138 minutes, Victoria drags mightily at times, but unless you cut from the beginning or end there's really no way to fix it.
The second 'Victoria' decides it should be more than a one-take stunt is when it becomes nothing more than a one-take stunt.
Victoria is suspenseful and engagingly subversive, creating a surreal sense of anything-goes that takes place in the wee hours before dawn.
138 minutes is just too long for viewers to remember why they're supposed to be so wowed.
Victoria is not the kind of movie you just watch, you feel it. [Full review in Spanish]
138 minutes -- one brilliant, breathless and headache-inducing take.
The excitement is intense, even as the implausibilities mount and the improvised dialogue strains.
There's really no reason that this story had to be told in this particular style, and that is "Victoria"'s near-fatal flaw.
It's a showcase for an actress who wins us over by degrees and a reminder that there are no new stories - only fresh ways of telling them.
The planning must have been herculean. But it's a testament to the skill on the part of Schipper and the actors that it plays realistically.
...its likable cast (except for the Boss), ever changing story and a flowing camera that stays with the action, making us participants in events and investing in the characters.
A stylish tour de force. [Full review in Spanish]
I applaude this German production. [Full review in Spanish]
[A] tightly-wound heist flick.
A fable of MDMA. [Full review in Spanish]
It never ceases to show pride in their technical proposal (decorated by an excellent photography job), but also allows it to steal attention to an interesting and cardiac history. [Full review in Spanish]
Everything that happens in "Victoria" is 100 percent predictable.
This movie escapes from convention and always keeps you interested in its characters. [Full review in Spanish]
A masterpiece that no movie lover should miss. [Full review in Spanish]
Obviously, no one should wish all films were shot like this. But the approach suits this story and these characters, and that's all it had to do.
The nonstop filming device becomes the movie's engine, its source of momentum. Victoria's uncertainty about the night's outcome is ours, too.
From a technical point of view, there's no question that Sebastian Schipper's Victoria is an astonishing achievement.
Its breathtaking duration creates a primal appeal that keeps you on the edge of your chair.
Exhilarating, slightly improbable, and shot in a single two-hour-plus take.
It's the ultimate tribute to Victoria to say that, even if you watch it at night, you'll emerge from the cinema feeling ready for a hearty breakfast.
While it's a neat idea, Schipper doesn't have anything more to offer than the cinematographic stunt, taking such a long time to position characters into the heat of the moment, he forgets to add the moment.
Victoria is a stunt, but it's a neat stunt that shapes and informs the movie - an integral part of the story.
It is an incredible feat for all involved, the camerawork immersing us so completely within the action we forget about the technical skill and stamina required to achieve it.
The audacious one-shot wonder "Victoria" is a masterful feat of execution, but the long take is so much more than a nifty trick - it's an absolutely necessary part of the storytelling that colors in the themes explored in this wild film.
While the structural conceit might draw in viewers, the well-acted film also gradually builds suspense and provides an adrenaline rush despite some logical gaps and narrative clichés.
This terrifying, seductive and adrenaline-fueled movie has found a new form of freedom for cinema.
This aesthetically bloated effort is only recommended to those enamored of the kind of super-obvious direction that strains like the Dickens for art with a capital A.
A thrilling, captivating feature.
At a time when it's hard to give audiences a genuinely unique viewing experience, this one-take German drama-thriller stands apart.
"Victoria" is a sensational cinematic stunt.
Given how much time and effort went into "Victoria," it would be nice to be able to say that the film's story is every bit as involving as its camerawork, but that is not the case.
Shot in a single, 138-minute take and set in real time, "Victoria" is immersive but rarely insightful about its protagonist. The title is a misnomer anyway; this uneven but funny and engrossing drama is less about Victoria than about time itself.
Sebastian Schipper's Victoria, set in present-day Berlin, is remarkable for at least two reasons.
A mad, handheld feat of propulsive movie bravado.
This sparse marvel leaves the audience rattled by how small decisions lead to big consequences.
The film is certainly impressive, but "impressive" and "great" (or even "good") aren't remotely the same thing.
Victoria is the cinematic equivalent of a person who memorizes the first thousand digits of pi, an odd accomplishment that is entirely pointless and tedious.
One can chart the very moment that Victoria's existence slips out of the routine into the nightmarish, and there's no escape by temporal omission.
The transition from astute "Before Sunrise"-style love story to kinetic thriller in the vein of "Run Lola Run" is seamless.
The greatest accomplishment of "Victoria" is that you stop wondering how it was done and experience the characters and their incredible journey. It becomes less a movie about one take and more a movie about one character.
A dazzling stylistic experiment which largely pays off.
It's just a shame that the story itself, once you clear away the one-take smokescreen, also feels like it was made up in a single session after a night spent clubbing.
This exhilarating tale of a winsome Spanish nightclubber who finds herself spontaneously caught up in a bank robbery... is undeniably a stunt, but one suffused with a surprising degree of grace and emotional authenticity.
It's an experiment that only works in fits and starts.
Director Sebastian Schipper has gone into bold territory with Victoria, a pulsating thriller shot over one take lasting 140 minutes on the streets of Berlin.
Definitely the tensest I've been in a cinema for a long time, some subconscious part of my brain that is used to the way films are normally made started begging for the relief of a cut that never comes.
As the film sprawls across nighttime Berlin, fluidly moving and moving and moving, it's impossible not to feel a giddy sense of awe. Which, various criticisms aside, is certainly one reason to go to the movies.
It's wild, it's bold, and the final act is an exhilarating force that will leave you slack-jawed. Star Laia Costa is a virtuoso of talent and her nuanced emotional range is going to make her a star.
Victoria ultimately comes off as an excessively erratic and punishingly overlong drama that never quite lives up to its potential.
Shot over two hours in a single, dazzling take, Victoria is one of the year's most impressive technical achievements - but it's more than mere gimmick.
[The filmmakers'] great feat of technical artistry is all in service to the marvelous humanity that fills every pulsing minute of Victoria.
Victoria is an electrifyingly intense ride.
Victoria pulses with life, it excites with unexpected romance, it thrills when our characters are dragged into a maelstrom; it is artistry, executed to perfection.

@highlight

Victoria 's single-take production is undeniably impressive, but it's also an effective drama in its own right -- and one that juggles its tonal shifts as deftly as its technical complexities.