... will give you goosebumps. [Full review in Spanish]
Though the story follows a familiar trajectory, Gun Hill Road offers a lot of fresh insight into the day-to-day transgender experience.
A film that might have an afterschool special feel, but compensates for it somewhat with mood and intensity.
Gun Hill Road is shot through with performances at once intense and relaxed.
It's most powerful in its quiet moments that deal with the familial dynamics of a family torn apart by incarceration.
Feels like it's been workshopped, from its string of coincidences to its tidy downbeat conclusion in which Green stabs at irony with a dull knife.
A moving and enlightening exploration of the conflicts between identity, desire, cultural expectations, and family ties.
Marked by an engaging and grounded turn from Harmony Santana, but lacking narrative originality, and seemingly constructed in moralizing fashion to pull dramatic levers and kick-start off-screen dialogues.
Before some predictable, freedom-threatening recidivism on Enrique's part, the film exhibits a simultaneously anthropological and sensitive interest in Michael's day-to-day life...
In writer-director Rashaad Ernesto Green's assured hands, "Gun Hill Road" manages somehow to be gritty, delicate, in your face and nuanced at the same time.
Keep an eye on Green, as he knows how to write dialogue, gets the most out of his actors and makes a most promising debut.
It's hokey at times - but it also knows how to move you on a personal level.
Despite the characters and grittiness of milieu, the overall vibe is that of a soap operatic Afterschool Special.
Tenderness and good intentions don't necessarily add up to a movie.
A coiled feeling hangs over writer-director Rashaad Ernesto Green's assured, engrossing feature film debut.
The writer and director, Rashaad Ernesto Green, relies too often on gender clichés...
naked in its sincerity
Raw, disturbing and educational, 'Gun Hill Road' is sure to shake up what the average audience might think of someone who suffers from being born in the wrong body. This is the first must-see indie of the summer.
The writing is predictable and off the scale in terms of trajectory. The basic plot structure never follows one idea through to resolution.
Even with the rich, inherently cinematic texture of the urban setting and two excellent native outer-borough actors in Morales and Reyes, Gun Hill Road falters thanks to its paint-by-numbers storytelling.
Though two late plot developments are borderline-contrived, Green's direction is marked by mature dramatic and aesthetic understatement.
...the character's internal conflict registers with tremendous detail that transcends his progressive value. Unfortunately, the rest of the movie can't keep pace.
When Rashaad Ernesto Green keeps his camera trained on Harmony Santana's Michael, the film brims over with interest and insight.
Rigorously dramatizes the tension between a father and his transgendered son.
...Astonishingly absorbing: sensuous, hard-hitting, and well written, with a bang-up closing shot...One of the more perceptive depictions of teen sexual angst, parental and peer bullying, and transsexual identity to have ever hit the screen.
The downbeat story of Michael, who is trapped half way in the process of coming out as a transgender-identifying person.
'Gun Hill Road' is a gritty and heart-wrenching drama with fearless performances by an impressive cast.
A tired though vigorously acted story about a father confronted with a son who wants to be a girl.
Writer-director Rashaad Ernesto Green's first feature is earnest and well cast, but less involving than it should be.


@highlight

Equal parts absorbing and educational, Gun Hill Road wears its heart on its sleeve through tender performances that make up for its narrative familiarity.