The Duplass Brothers' streak lives on.
... it's sweet, entertaining and unpredictable which sets it apart from most of the other comedies coming out this summer.
The Duplass brothers, Jay and Mark, who wrote and directed the film, don't take the time necessary to make any of the characters believable or complex.
The weak story and uninvolving characters leave us too easily distracted.
A small film that's worth seeing, where everything is invested in the story of the characters and the sometimes pathetic yet authentic human conflicts and not on expensive special effects. [Full review in Spanish]
The movie creeps up on you, and it's not until its firecracker ending that you realize just how much it made you care about these people.
Lacking compelling characters, this comedy never fully works as a cohesive whole.
True to their trademark vérité style, the Duplass siblings make the humdrum hum with low-key panache, as they consistently find beauty and truth in everyday occurrences.
Jeff, Who Lives at Home offers escapism of a different kind, an entertaining reminder that good people sometimes prevail, and that living by your own Yoda logic in your own universe may not be such a bad thing.
An enjoyable indie dramedy with a number of engaging moments and a solid performance from Jason Segel but not nearly as deep as the ideals that fuel Jeff's character.
At 84 minutes it feels remarkably like an extended episode of a good sitcom.
Like its slacker hero, the Duplass Brothers' offbeat comedy is shambling, easygoing and slow to get going, but if you don't mind the film's zany meanderings then Jason Segal's sweet-natured Jeff is an amiable companion.
...sweet, warmhearted, meandering, slow, and most often humorous.
The fourth feature from Jay and Mark Duplass is the least impressive of their canon, despite it being sweet and slight and slim in all the right ways.
Those with a very low tolerance for indie quirk may find their patience tried, but I, who have been mixed on the Duplasses and really hated their last film, the similarly themed Cyrus, kinda couldn't help being charmed by this one.
The film has a dark symmetry and dangerous moments that prove to be as funny as its sunnier ones.
This brilliantly acted film is another home run for The Brothers Duplass; life affirming and sure to put a spring in your step.
Framed by the tug of war between free will and destiny, Jeff, Who Lives At Home is an engaging portrait of lives in a rut.
A charming film with wonderful performances from Helms and Segal.
Quirkily perfect in a low-key way.
Short but bittersweet and gently amusing, it's hard to really dislike this film - but, like its characters, it's also hard to really warm to it.
The entire action of the film, right up to its final revelation, could be played as a dead straight, emotionally choked drama of the cosmic supernatural.
A squandering of space, time and actor/part-time screenwriter Jason Segel, last seen revivifying the Muppets.
Cool cast, hip directors, but a movie that's less than the sum of both. Like its title character, Jeff is gentle, warm but a little forgettable.
Odd, sweet and languid, but little to get your teeth into.
Consistently amusing and surprisingly thoughtful, this is an enjoyable, emotionally engaging character comedy with a strong script and superb performances from Segel and Helms.
Nothing much happens until a preposterously contrived and melodramatic climax.
Dyed-in-the-wool mumblecore fans will accuse the brothers of selling out...but for the rest of us it's sweet and - ultimately - rather moving.
Big on artistic ambition, and microscopic in point, at least it offers an alternative to Hollywood's mainstream overworked, and overfamiliar fictions.
Treads similar ground to Cyrus but with slightly diminished returns, despite solid performances from A-list leads Segel and Helms.
The Duplasses make films about ordinary people and shoot for realism with moving results, but their style ... may suffer as their movies play wider on bigger screens.
Don't even see this movie unless you've seen the M. Night Shyamalan film 'Signs.' And then see it only if you really like 'Signs.' Otherwise, 'Jeff, Who Lives at Home,' may not mean much to you.
A film that shares the main qualities of its hero: it's hard to dislike, but it doesn't get much done.
... galumphs along from one episode to the next with a somehow lovable sense of ramshackle inevitability.
There's undoubtedly comedy mileage in an irreverent sending up of the Signs/Magnolia school of everything-is-connected philosophy. Despite the calibre of the cast, the Duplass brothers mostly fail to find it.
I liked everything about this film except for the ending. I loved that part.
This is writers/directors Jay and Mark Duplass first shot at something mainstream. This clever, and quite funny character study is still a little south of the goal.
With their fourth film, Mark and Jay Duplass achieve the seemingly impossible. Against all odds, they've managed to make a comedy that harnesses the considerable talents of Jason Segel and Ed Helms, but never quite gets around to being funny.
Absurdist chronicle of a cosmic incident in the drab life of a slacker/stoner
Jeff, Who Lives at Home takes the Duplass Brothers' art to a new, deeper place. Credit the cast or the characters tripping through well-worn situations and relationships, but this is far and away their best movie.
Funny dialogue and an unpredictable arc from the Duplass brothers
What might catch you by surprise is how warm and endearing this affable comedy is, and how soul-stirring Jeff's silly revelations turn out to be.
The movie's very thoughtful nature -- and its message of being open to the ebb and flow of life -- makes it an overall pleasant and hopeful experience.
Yes, it's another man-child makes good storyline, yet Jeff, Who Lives at Home still manages to find poignancy, mainly because of Segel's shaggy-dog charm, and his obvious rapport with Helms
There is warmth in 'Jeff, Who Lives at Home' that was missing in the Duplass' earlier films.
Everyone asks for a sign every now and then, let this be yours to see an original film that will be worth the ticket price.
These guys have a knack for plumbing some pretty ugly depths of the human condition yet doing so in a way that feels intimate and real, their work here showcasing that same sort of mystifying mojo.
Jeff, Who Lives at Home doesn't possess a ton of substance, but what it does have is the power to make you leave the theater with a smile on your face.
Jeff, Who Lives at Home brings big-studio moviemaking and big-name stars to the Duplass brothers, embracing their sensibilities and style without smothering them, and we in the audience benefit.
"Jeff, Who Lives at Home" is a true family comedy with a truly dysfunctional family.
...quiet, dreamy and full of possibility. In fact, the possibility of possibility is what the movie is all about.
It's short of that essential added spectacle, the visceral, tumultuous event that really shakes up the characters and creates a journey worth taking.
Jeff, Who Lives at Home is fine as an outline for a film, but the Duplass brothers fail to finish the thought.
Midway through, the Duplass's begin to lose their nerve and make a hard left turn away from the darker road Jeff and Pat seem to be traveling down.
I SO want to love "Jeff, Who Lives at Home," but this dude is too often stuck in the creative basement.
Less a movie than three half-hour installments in a semi-mediocre sitcom, 'Jeff, Who Lives at Home'...
Holding the movie together is a trio of performances deftly conveying more than the roles suggest.
The new movie by Jay and Mark Duplass is very sweet and funny, seeming to meander aimlessly like its scruffy protagonist, until we see it had a clear destination in mind all along.
It's exactly the sort of movie that is just perfect for the big-hearted Segel, and his very talented co-stars.
The good-naturedness of the humor tided me over just fine, but should you pay for a big-screen viewing? Unless you love close-ups of the streets of Baton Rouge, DVD or cable will be fine.
It's a quiet little gem about not taking family ties lightly, and just maybe, everything does happen for a reason. It's a sweet, poignant outing that may surprise you.
It's a pretty thin concept for a feature, with some potent one-liners and sight gags that are more sporadic than consistent.
After the final credits, taking heed of the mystical sign "EXIT" ... we just may leave with big, goofy smiles plastered all over our respective faces.
A low-key comedy filled with excellent, naturalistic performances. It has more genuine sweetness than it does laugh-out-loud jokes.
With every misstep, the Duplass Brothers are quickly on to the next exchange, leaving Jeff breezy enough to capture attention and some unexpected poignancy.
A great cast -- anchored by a wonderful performance from Jason Segel -- makes the most of what ends up being a surprisingly moving story.
At what point do we stop applauding the Duplass brothers for their gumption and stick-to-itiveness and admit that, maybe, their storytelling just isn't so hot?
"Jeff, Who Lives at Home" is [the Duplass brothers'] best yet.
A sweet parable about a man's search for purpose in a world of drifting indifference.
If the same story points were carried out with a heavier hand, this film would be booed off the screen as an absurdity; in the hands of the Duplasses, its quiet, quirky charms transform it into a disarming modern-day fable.
The funny, touching and vital Jeff, Who Lives at Home reaffirms your faith in Jay and Mark Duplass. Their films hit you where you live.
The Duplass' strip away the cuteness, leave you with a visual representation of everyday reality that's still warm, funny and inviting and then turn it all upside down.
The result is a film trapped irresolvably between the idiosyncrasies it loves and the desire to attract a mass audience.
"Jeff, Who Lives at Home" is a high-wire act that could crash if the actors were out of sync, but under this big top, the never-better Segel keeps everyone aloft.
It's boring.
The most lovingly-crafted portrait of a stoner since The Big Lebowski.
The lives of these sweet, confused, basically decent people wrap around one another in ways that are funny, far-fetched and touching.
Generates quite a few laughs on the way to a surprisingly satisfying climax.
It's the modest, mumblecore version of the seemingly perennial story of man-children in the promised land.
Entrenched in the lives of a quartet of characters who come across as fully formed human beings ... for a scant 80 minutes, we can only wonder what more they could offer.
An amusing diversion with some hefty but lightly played thematic elements. (Full Content Review for Parents also available)
Unsuspectingly gentle and sublime.
For most of its brief running time, "Jeff" ambles along as our hero's naive wisdom gradually leads his bitter, self-centered sibling to realize his own faults.
It's a brilliant sleight of hand: Nothing important seems to be happening, and yet stuff keeps happening, and the movie is always pushing forward.
The essential debate they have about meaning and connection is nicely echoed in the seeming coincidences and randomness of their journey.
Sarandon is worth leaving home for, even if Jeff won't.
A 'Twilight Zone'-ish tale about fate told in the twee New Agey style of the modified mumblecore movement...mildly amusing, but...doesn't really earn its would-be revelatory punch-line.
You come to like Jeff and even to admire him. The aura of holy foolishness that hangs around him is not just bong exhaust: he turns out to be the hero of a disarmingly sincere spiritual fable.
Most of the material avoids the treacle zone, while Jason Segel, as the man-child in residence, gives a performance that I can only describe as gravely affecting.
"Jeff, Who Lives at Home" has a meandering quality, like its title, that's oddly appealing; you feel like you know these very regular-looking people, and slowly become invested in their dilemmas.
Segel ... seems to be staking his claim on just about any sweet, clueless character that comes along. He should be more discriminating.
It's a remarkably honest and funny movie that takes full advantage of these stars' distinctive personas.
Both Jeff and the film have a way of sneaking up on you.
It feels incomplete and the ending is entirely too convenient. We've seen all of this before.
This is one of those smart, funny, rueful movies like "Cedar Rapids" and "The 40-Year-Old Virgin" where you sense that everyone involved truly cares about the characters. It's impossible not to join in the good feeling.
A sitcom would set these events in motion and 22 minutes later have them solved. This is a sitcom at four times the length, 10 percent the amusement, and triple the amount of nauseating photography.
easily the Duplass brothers' most accessible, crowd-pleasing film
A good cast and some comic moments make "Jeff, Who Lives at Home" an intermittently engaging sit, but even at an economical 84 minutes, it takes too long to get to places that are all too obvious to see from a distance.
The plausibility of the finale is open to question, but the filmmaking duo's determination to take us there makes a nice kind of sense.
For both Segel and the Duplass brothers, Jeff marks a turning point. The actor comes into his own with a layered, pleasing performance, and the filmmakers behind The Puffy Chair, Baghead and Cyrus move towards more commercial films.
A delightful film about how synchronicities can open people up to fresh adventures which have the potential to transform and revitalize them.
A surprisingly sappy misfire from brothers Jay and Mark Duplass - a hug-it-out, touchy-feely movie that succumbs to the maudlin sentimentality they had avoided in all their previous pictures.
Maybe it's Segel's sad naïveté, or the filmmakers' inventiveness and metaphorical dexterity, but even when the contrivance kicks in, it seems like Jeff might have the right idea.
This latest comedy from writer-directors Jay and Mark Duplass turns out to be chock-full of an element missing from most of today's movies: genuine surprise.
This isn't a movie for everyone, but for fans of quirky charm leavened occasionally by uncomfortable, realistic exchanges, it's a small delight.
The whole movie is about piecing together broken parts. It may not always come together, but what it makes, if you look at it the right way, is endearing.
There are some funny scenes in which the two brothers spy on the wife, who may be having an affair, but the movie's climax is a badly contrived attempt to ratify Jeff's notion of personal destiny.
There's something to be admired in this new interest in a macro lens on the universe's workings. If only it didn't take wading through so much drear to get to that divine.
There are good reasons for the shaggy-dog plot and the tonal shifts, but while you're getting used to the movie's odd rhythms, there's plenty to like in its affectionate take on its flawed, confused characters.
Though the Duplasses' production values are a little glossier, they haven't lost their determinedly personal take on the stories and characters on which they focus.
[The Duplass brothers] start in the corner and never get out, wrapping a weak idea around characters that spend too much time as Dopey and Grouchy.
A goofy, sweet comedy about estranged siblings who work their way back to brotherly love in the course of a daylong, very shaggy caper of coincidences.
The filmmakers offer a few interesting moments, but the overall picture doesn't really add up to much.
Segel's shaggy charisma and daft sweetness breathe new life into a sturdy mumblecore archetype, and a perfectly typecast Helms radiates a grubby desperation that's poignant and funny.
A whimsical comedy, very whimsical, depending on the warmth of Segal and Sarandon, the discontent of Helms and Greer...
The Duplasses craft a crowd-pleasing comedy while keeping their unique sensibilities intact.
...there is not a single actor working today that could have played Jeff as beautifully as Jason Segel.
For the most part, this is a boys-will-be-boys movie that excuses everything its pair of protags do in the name of some sort of cosmic order.
All of these comic actors find different sorts of laughs -- sadder, truer ones -- by toning down some of their usual tendencies. They're no less effective this way, but the shift does provide an unexpected tone.
Oh, goody, another movie about Lumberus manchildus.
Jeff is a surprisingly mutable, ultimately poignant day-in-the-life drama about a slacker who genuinely wants to stand tall.
This film about brothers by brothers (Jay and Mark Duplass) is a gentle yet spunky comedy for anyone looking for a life direction, feeling trapped, or wondering what happened to their youthful idealism. In other words, most of us.
There's good rapport between the two lead actors, who convey vividly the multi-nuanced relationship between brothers.
Three funny and likable people not given a chance to be funny or likable
A whimsical bit of buffoonery.
...one of the most entertaining, laugh-out-loud funny, and unexpectedly touching efforts to come around in quite some time...
A cleverer script could have made its point and remained tactfully agnostic, but it's still amusing to see mumblecore's trademark naturalism leavened by some old-fashioned movie magic.
Warm, funny, and wise.
The type of lazy storytelling we've come to expect from actual studio movies with not a particularly fulfilling way to end the movie
Jay and Mark Duplass are building a very special filmography, and as long as they're protected and allowed to follow their own signs to whatever destiny has in mind, I have a feeling it's going to be a pleasure to watch them work.
It has a big, open heart .
The Duplass brothers take another step toward conventional Hollywood storytelling without sacrificing the sincere, true-to-life quality that got studios interested in the first place.
Segel's performance is the heart of the film, his naive faith making other characters' bolder gestures believable...
A warm-hearted tale that's tough to dislike.
If you can overlook the Duplass' signature crash zooms and affectations of self-awareness, there's a lot to love here.




@highlight

Sweet, funny, and flawed, Jeff, Who Lives at Home finds the Duplass brothers moving into the mainstream with their signature quirky charm intact.