Makes us miss those Home Alone days...
The gags land like lumps of coal, but at least the unnatural mounds of fluffy white snow remain unsullied in the dreck.
Ah, another lifeless comedy for the holidays. It's just super to be reminded how mean-spirited and grotesquely commercial the Christmas season can be, isn't it?
The distasteful formula is even more sour and ham-handed than usual; Broderick's and DeVito's natural likeability never stands a chance.
a bit too faux-humbug for me
banal
When Matthew Broderick and Danny DeVito team up for a comedy that can't even deliver one well-oiled joke, that's a big problem.
Laden with false climaxes, the overstuffed plot leaves you exhausted well before the movie ends, and the amiable actors sleepwalk through their uninspired roles.
Even the most dimwitted of kids will see through this poorly made mishmash of every other holiday film.
What's interesting about typical Hollywood Christmas movies is that regardless of how crass, vulgar, or mean-spirited they may be, by the last scene they will inevitably try to wrap viewers in a blanket of warm seasonal cheer.
Got any kids who've been naughty this year? Here's their present.
'My stupidity astounds me!' chortles Danny DeVito in Deck the Halls, a line that pretty much sums up this tale of warring neighbours with very different ideas about celebrating Christmas.
This one follows the depressing pattern of Surviving Christmas and Christmas With the Kranks: enforced holiday cheer gives way to bilious hatred, then hollow forgiveness.
Not that we expect much from a Holiday movie about neighbours competing over Christmas lights (how familiar is that?), but John Whitesell's film is so lacking in any plausible plot that I squirmed in my seat throughout the entire duration of the screening
None of this is ever funny, and what's more, we just don't care.
seems to have only been greenlit because producers know that families need PG-rated dreck to occupy the kiddies while mom is out shopping for Christmas presents.
Deck the screenwriter, deck the director--then go and deck your own halls.
The lights go off pretty fast on this one.
Caso você seja diabético(a), cuidado ao assistir a Um Natal Brilhante, pois há um grande risco de vir a sofrer uma hiperglicemia provocada pelo excesso de água-com-açúcar.
A few laughs are sprinkled in this equivalent of a lame sitcom holiday episode, but the broad comedy and treacly ending are unlikely to put anyone in the Christmas spirit.
Watching "Deck the Halls" is like getting a lump of coal in your stocking. Except receiving a lump of coal takes only seconds, while this awful movie goes on for an hour and a half.
[Deck the Halls] wants to be both naughty and nice, but just ends up feeling deeply confused.
You might be wondering just when the heartwarming spirit of the season is going to come crashing down upon these boy-men.
You can't even say Deck the Halls lacks the courage of its convictions, because it doesn't have any
A box of Christmas movie clichés wrapped in tired slapstick and tied up with a bow made of trite lessons about the 'true meaning of Christmas.'
It's not enough to be set at Christmastime. Deck the Halls has no Christmas spirit.
Deck the Halls seems to have been conceived on the back of a snot-soaked tissue by a none-too-bright second grader.
Can't we just deck director John Whitesell instead?
Like that holiday fruitcake that nobody wants, here's another stale and joyless Christmas comedy.
Deck the theatres with mediocre material... fa la lame.
At least it isn't offensive.
I love the Christmas season, but there are times when I wish it would go away if only to save audiences from horrific experiences like this.
There is something about the holiday season that brings lazy filmmakers to pitch meetings with Frank Capra knockoffs clutched in their sweaty paws.
It's a holiday ritual: Each year, American moviegoers get the misanthropically stupid, plastic-satire-of- a-plastic-society Christmas comedy they deserve.
What's plentiful are stupid pratfalls, obvious plotting, cozy homilies and a big helping of saccharine moralizing.
In the tradition of Christmas with the Kranks and Jingle All the Way comes Deck the Halls; another Christmas lump of coal sure to dampen the yuletide glee of anyone pumped for the holidays.
I literally did not count a single laugh in the whole aimless schlep, except for the hucksters who made it, on their way to the bank.
Filled with forced yuletide cheer and mixed messages about the true meaning of Christmas, this loud and obnoxious holiday comedy boasts a fine cast and little else.
As long as atrocious, fake-pine duds like this keep making their money back, there's no such thing as a Christmas that's too commercial.
Looking for some early holiday cheer? Look at anything but Deck the Halls.
The raw ingredients of this crass holiday comedy include an inept stab at Home Alone-style slapstick, sitcom-thin characters, a snickering attitude about tacky yuletide decorations and a good helping of smarmy sentimentality. Merry Christmas!
I'm tired of filmmakers, screenwriters, directors and studios that believe every holiday is its own excuse for making films.
Does anybody in Hollywood celebrate Christmas anymore? You have to wonder, with the woeful Christmas fare that has been hurled at us the past few years.
A holiday farce that pairs a colorful cast with a generic filmmaker.
The ending is so sweet that it'll send your family out of the theater for 3 1/2 solid minutes of smiles before everyone starts drinking and pointing fingers again.
As reliable as your Aunt Harriet's sweet potato casserole, every holiday season brings a movie just like John Whitesell's Deck the Halls, in which otherwise sensible actors commit themselves to a cheerless exercise in jingle bell hell.
Deck the Halls, a flabby attempt at false holiday cheer opening in theaters today, resembles an inflatable Santa after vandals have gotten to it.
When you're starting to think that maybe sneaking out and going to see "The Santa Clause 3" would be a better use of your time, you know you've stumbled upon a truly wretched film.
Movies like Deck the Halls should make us all thankful that Christmas only comes once a year. What other season could possibly inspire a story as insipid as this?
A low in soulless Hollywood Christmas movies, and more celebration of consumerism than condemnation.
Although it borrows ingredients from many familiar Christmas flicks, it's got a sly twinkle of its own.
Since this is ostensibly a holiday family picture, things never get so nasty as to be Bad Santa-style outrageous, unless you think a rigged speed-skating competition or a cross-dressing local sheriff is the height of hilarity.
You cannot believe how excruciatingly awful this movie is.
...this sour eggnog combines bad taste with ersatz holiday cheer.
How come the talk-radio blowhards never bring movies like this up when they're inveighing against the War on Christmas?
Broderick and DeVito must be mentally, physically and spiritually exhausted by the sad, tired quality of these lame gags.
There must be an underground contest in Hollywood to see who can make the worst Christmas movie...Hang the Crepe would be more appropriate.
Flimsy and fumbling - bah, humbug!
has no real heart and certainly not a trace of warmth. You may leave the theater with a strong desire not to decorate a tree, but to deck the person who talked you into seeing this turkey.
Mr. Broderick and Mr. DeVito look tired and out of sorts, and you can hardly blame them, given the picture's inept, curdled mixture of sappiness and crude humor.
So bad it almost makes me renounce Christianity altogether.
OK, yes, I laughed. I've seen so many awful movies this year that I think I'm punch-drunk.
The quintessential Hollywood Christmas movie. It's Grumpy Old Christmas.
After seeing the trailers and commercials for this one, I was convinced it would be utterly detestable, but it turns out Deck The Halls is only majorly annoying. I guess that is a step up.
...one of those dreadful, pandering, seasonal pictures that sneaks into theaters, Grinch-like, and makes off with tons of cash each year.
Goodness knows we could all use some more butternut squash, especially during the holidays.
Another year, another cheesy, hypocritical movie about how the true meaning of Christmas gets lost in the madness of Christmas. Except that this movie is, in itself, Exhibit A in the Christmas Madness category.
... so contrived and utterly stupid in every way that it surely must be the nadir of the genre.
Like a fatally snarled string of Christmas lights, Deck the Halls promises holiday cheer but delivers only frustration.
In essence a title and release date in search of a movie, Deck the Halls is a lifeless, workmanlike comedy conceived to provide holiday shoppers an inoffensive respite from the mall.
Deck the Halls muddles along with rote characters and unimaginative gags that will amuse very few.
It's Bottom Ten bad, destined to wind up on end-of-the-year 'Worst Of' lists. It may still be there at the conclusion of this century.
... a mirthless comedy with Danny DeVito and Matthew Broderick as warring neighbors, can be described as whatever is the opposite of a Christmas classic.
... Deck the Halls has a cute, if ho-ho-hum story, which makes it more like getting that nice sweater from grandma -- again.
... the film equivalent of a fruitcake or snowman sweater you don't want but can't regift.
It's not horrible, but every sight gag and 'real meaning of Christmas' speech has been seen and heard before, and it steals gratuitously from Chevy Chase's masterpiece National Lampoon's Christmas Vacation.
A one-part mean-spirited, one-part saccharine, all-parts forgettable piece of fluff.
Deck the Halls is no classic, but it has its amusing moments and its tender ones ...
The word 'comedy' only applies loosely; the laughs are strictly sporadic, and not even Danny DeVito's gruff appeal is enough to overcome the soulless cynicism at the heart of this paint-by-numbers exercise.
Deck the Halls strains to be both naughty and nice with much clamor and not much conviction.
... Deck the Halls has little to recommend it.
It's disappointing to see Broderick and DeVito try to make mediocre material work.
Nothing says Christmas quite like incompetent slapstick, saccharine sermonizing, and cavernous cleavage.
As good-hearted as it may be, Deck The Halls is too lightweight to leave more than a fleeting impact.

@highlight

Relying on flat humor and a preposterous plot, Deck the Halls is an unnecessarily mean-spirited holiday movie that does little to put viewers in a holiday mood.