The film is disappointing on two levels: it squandered a cool concept and it ended up a completely by-the-numbers thriller.
Never pulls you into its weird story.
CSI: Nevermore.
A crudely written and wholly uninspired thriller that's unlikely to win anyone over to the horror master's oeuvre.
The Raven is a movie with its wings clipped; a murder mystery that feels strangely subdued.
The problem is that "The Raven" is all surface. The movie is nothing but its fun idea, without much development or ingenuity
Even though this film has more than its share of dark, gruesome elements, there is also enough of a sense of playfulness in it to help make it entertaining.
I'd say that nine bucks is probably also the current going rate for Livingston & Shakespeare's next script.
A bizarre mishmash of historical elements and subpar on-screen drama capped off with an underwhelming but serviceable performance from John Cusack
It's silly, has plot holes big enough to drive a truck through and is little more than a gothic version of Law & Order, yet it has a macabre charm that will keep you interested for the film's duration.
Despite Cuasck's occasional missteps as the writer, "The Raven" is an entertaining thriller.
Entertaining and fun to be sure, despite it's goofy premise. But it's not nearly as chilling as reading Poe's stories for yourself.
A formulaic murder mystery and a blasé, unenlightening look at the life of Edgar Allan Poe that could really have used an imp of the perverse.
For mystery lovers, there isn't much to do except watch the story play out. A distinct shortage of suspects could mean guessing the killer's identity won't be much of a challenge for fans of the genre.
Cusack is miscast as Poe
... one of the most moronically stupid screenplays since the advent of talking pictures ...
But on the whole, Ben Livingston and Hannah Shakespeare's never finds solid footing, and although the early murders are inventively intriguing, as the film goes on they slowly but surely lose their power to startle, amaze and perplex.
The only real imagination in the whole film comes late--in the rather terrifically designed end titles.
John Cusack is very much miscast here. He was about as believable as Matthew Broderick would be as Abraham Lincoln.
Directed with no mystery or imagination...
If you take it as agreeably macabre nonsense, yes, you might enjoy it. If you're going to have a conniption fit over every historical inaccuracy, however, give it a pass.
An infuriating mix of amateurish writing and flowery antique speech; of sublime romance and hopeless pedantry; of atmospheric melancholy and risible smugness
The maniac on the loose i less Jack the Ripper than a literarily inclined nobody, and not even a butler, to boot.
Did Nicolas Cage finally say "no" to a cheesy role? It looks like John Cusack got to this one first.
A movie that relies totally on the talent of John Cusack Hopefully nevermore.
The Raven can't quite live up to the promise of its irresistibly high-concept premise.
Despite the best atmospheric clichés the filmmakers could conjure (lanterns, fog, sewers), there isn't much suspense because you don't care much for the characters.
Fails to fully catch the spirit of Edgar Allan Poe, but it's better than the majority of films his name has been attached to.
The movie doesn't get at, not even nearly, how Edgar Allan Poe's dilemma is complicated by the vexing pleasures of crass entertainments.
...a by-the-book spook show
Movies simply do not get more ham-handed and hackneyed than this. Somewhere, Edgar Allan Poe is spinning in his grave. And somewhere, the folks who dole out Razzies are taking note.
Even if the story itself isn't particularly Poe-like, Poe is a great character, and even if the mystery isn't exactly brilliant, it's perfectly serviceable.
Let's just be sure that from now on we let poor Edgar rest in peace until we have a really good reason to disturb him.
This movie needs madness and delirium swirling around in it like fog, but all it has is fog.
If you shoot for the moon and miss, it's a long way down. The Raven gives us a front-row seat to the plummet.
Likely to disappoint both literary aficionados and action-thriller fans, the film neither captures the creepy atmospheres of Poe's influential writing nor works on its own.
They want it to be 'Seven' meets 'Sherlock Holmes' and you can tell Cusack is into it. Unfortunately the plot is ridiculous and the murder-mystery is boring.
...a semi-gothic horror story so bizarre that it doesn't leave one speculating on the thesis because it's clearly nonsense.
Basically a well-researched but formulaic mystery centered on one of those nyah-nyah serial killers we've seen a thousand times.
Without narrative guts, this not-so-thrilling thriller proves a bloody disappointment.
It lingers intolerably on some inessential scenes, rushes through others, and fails to provide any motivation either for Poe's devoted (albeit fictional) love, or the film's archvillain.
The whole thing has the feel of a second-rate living-history exhibit.
While not as ambitious or romantic as V for Vendetta ‒ the saga of Edgar and Emily never rises to the level of tragic operetta ‒ 'The Raven' benefits from its breathless pacing and stylish camerawork.
It seems doubtful that the creator of such classics as "The Tell-Tale Heart" and "The Pit and the Pendulum" would be satisfied with this cliche-ridden pulp.
More of a penny dreadful than a great work of literature.
Ridiculous and tedious, this somber historical fantasy tries to transform Edgar Allen Poe into an American version of Sherlock Holmes.
Blandly generic in its images and atmosphere.
It's not even Edgar Allan Poe: Game of Shadows.
Despite a handful of narrative missteps and a few errant accents, it's actually a pretty compelling "what if?" story.
a darker, morose Midnight in Paris... without the time travel
Almost by accident amid its many idiotic attributes, it becomes an occasionally mournful tale of the pain and fear that powered Poe's life. It doesn't quite go deeper into his darkness peering. But it's also not a thriller at which you're jeering.
Never commits to the kind of full-bore lunacy that might have made the film a campy pleasure.
Edgar Allan Poe, serial-killer hunter. That's the lamebrain concept of the eerie writer's mysterious final days in Baltimore as posited in this misdirected effort.
The subject matter screams out for cleverness and depth, the sort of mind-bending twists and satisfying darkness that Poe himself would love. It finds them only in small doses.
Director James McTeigue has no feel for humor or terror, making what could have been a witty pastiche into another cheesy slice-and-dice horror flick.
It's 'Saw' meets 'Sherlock Holmes.' "
Why resurrect an American literary giant onscreen so he can help a police investigation? Sure, Poe essentially invented the detective genre, but come on.
...the dark-hued film is so grisly and unpleasant that when the mystery is finally solved, the only satisfaction derives from knowing that it's over.
Taking the two hours of your life that it would take to see The Raven and reading anything by the man who inspired it would be a smarter use of your time. And you'd be less likely to fall asleep.
...this might be appropriate for an evening at home on Blu-ray.
EMILLLLLLLLYYYYYYY!
What's of slightly greater concern than the movie itself is just what the hell has happened to [John] Cusack's career.
Quoth the Raven - nevermore. it seems like good advice because nothing in this movie is worth ravin' about.
This was easily the least plausible and most nonsensical film I saw on this particular screening day and bear in mind that when I saw it, it was followed by "The Three Stooges."
It's truly a shame that both the director and the screenwriters end up squandering what was an interesting concept and a handful of great performances
Poe, not Conan Doyle? Cusack, not Downey? No wit, no fun, no engaging derring do? Beg pardon, Watson, we've stumbled into some foggy crime detective clone, 40 years too early. Best to move along ...
Quoth The Raven, this is a bore
A lumpy and uninvolving mess.
If it wasn't for Cusack, you would be sneaking out the back door of the theater to sneak into another showing of The Hunger Games.
For a good hour or so, The Raven is gruesome, ludicrous fun. Then it's just ludicrous.
Until The Raven almost literally loses itself during a chase in the city sewers, it nicely balances its literary gamesmanship with a R-rated thriller's mandatory gross-out tableaux.
It's neither grand nor grisly enough to seriously satisfy Poe-ish cravings for murder, mystery and literary allusions.
For the most part, The Raven is propulsive, character-thin and plot-heavy.
The pervasive gore overpowers the few clumsy attempts at wit here...
Go to the library instead.
It's good pulpy fun, with eye catching period trimmings, and Hungarian locations standing in ably for 19th century Maryland.
We immediately understand why Cusack is not known for playing men who lived before 1984.
Take away all the 19th century atmospherics, and this could be an episode of some contemporary TV crime drama.
"The Raven" is simply ordinary, which is the death knell for a movie based on the works of a writer who contributed so much to American literature.
Let's just hope the "nevermore" part of Poe's original writing applies to any notion of "The Raven 2," "Son of the Raven" or "That's So Raven the Movie." (Full Content Review for Parents also available)
It is a clever setup, too, making the constant sabotaging of it all the more frustrating.
A darkly sumptuous, exceedingly enticing murder mystery. John Cusack's turn as Poe is just plain terrific.
The story has its moments, and yet there is something about this tale of a serial killer's patterning his crimes on Poe's most gruesome works that doesn't completely satisfy.
Edgar Allan Poe invented the detective story, so turning him into the heroic sleuth of a mystery thriller makes perfect sense.
Mr. Cusack works himself into a lather trying to reconcile the contradictory parts of an incoherent character. In, I am sorry to say, an incoherent movie.
A serial killer/Gothic drama/love story hybrid, it has some nicely mounted atmospheric scenes and strong acting from John Cusack as Edgar Allan Poe.
There's just no invention emerging from McTeigue, who submissively satisfies the basic needs of the script, failing to accelerate the funhouse atmosphere of 1840s Baltimore as it's hit from all sides by a literate lunatic.
While full of welcome gore and blood spatter, it's bankrupt of any creative spark.
If Edgar Allen Poe were alive today, working as a Hollywood screenwriter (God forbid), I suspect he'd be penning not the abysmal script for The Raven but something called The Fall of the House of Cusack.
The period look is dead on and adds to the moody atmosphere of "The Raven," as does art direction, costume design and makeup. Unfortunately, looks alone do not make a film. A good story is needed, too.
Part "Seven", part "From Hell", part "Sherlock Holmes", but despite its contrivances there are enough clever nods in the script to keep it interesting.
A grimly preposterous serial-killer thriller set in 19th-century Baltimore, this riff on the final days of the author of "The Tell-Tale Heart" and other masterpieces of the macabre might qualify as literary desecration if it weren't so silly.
...the killer's 'diabolical' use of the victimized writer's imagination and the revelation of his identity seem utterly random, like the screenwriters put plot elements on a whiteboard then never bothered to try and weave them together in intriguing ways.
The script is filled with expository dialogue, and you can't tell from the actors' approaches either what century they think they're in or what tone it's all meant to bear.
A dumb and cheesy period potboiler...Quoth this critic: It's a bore.
The problem with "The Raven" is that ambitious as it sometimes is, it's never really scary.
This wannabe Sherlockian thriller is like a night spent at Madame Tussauds, watching mannequins strangle other mannequins.
Given the option, you'd skip to the end, read the last few pages and move along.
It's just a bore; quoth the raven, "Go see something else."
Quoth the raven: "Eh."
While I can't really defend this "Raven" as a good movie, I nonetheless enjoyed it...
The story gets increasingly conventional as it goes on, until Poe becomes just another action hero, following an increasingly illogical, National Treasure-esque set of clues through a series of confrontations.
"The Raven," a feverish costume thriller, attempts to explain Poe's death by cobbling together spare parts from thrillers about serial killers.
As Poe says about a grisly and gratuitous allusion to "The Facts in the Case of M. Valdemar," "It makes no sense."
The screenplay by actor Ben Livingston and former Playboy Club writer Hannah Shakespeare, resists adventure at every turn; it feels rushed, poorly structured and determined to disappoint.
The role of Poe played straight begs for an actor with less meat on his bones and more absinthe in his eyes. Someone like John Hawkes... or you could go classily irreverent, but Robert Downey Jr. was busy and the screenwriters uninterested.
The director who stitched The Raven together has no idea how to frame or compose a scene, let alone 'grow' a film organically.
The Raven looks great and is well-paced, but a lack of a compelling resolution makes it an anemic effort.
More entertaining than it has any right to be.
Inspired by Edgar Allan Poe, this feature is disappointing as gothic, as serial killer thriller, and especially as tribute to the maestro of the macabre.
We really should end with some contrived reference to a Poe story. No burial would be premature enough. Will that do?
It's shot in the mix-mastered style of the recent Sherlock Holmes TV series, but you'd still need to be pretty weak and weary to sit through this.
[Poe] probably deserved better than this movie which turns his heritage into a sub Se7en-style serial killer thriller blended with a bit of Scream for not-so-good measure.
It's a moderately entertaining thriller that (contrary to the claims of its writers and director) throws little light on Poe's character and none on the mystery surrounding his death.
The Raven is a squawking, silly picture that never takes flight.
[C]omes nowhere near living up to its 'Edgar Allan Poe solves mysteries' potential. It's pretty much a standard serial killer flick dressed up in 19th-century drag.
McTeigue's film inhabits a middle ground of being too morose for a crowd-pleaser in the style of Sherlock Holmes yet not dark enough for those wanting a seriously disturbing serial killer pic.
An utterly dreadful attempt at a costume thriller by the flashy, heavy-handed, vacuous director James McTeigue, whose previous crimes against cinema have been V For Vendetta and Ninja Assassin.
Stephen King's Misery and Updike's Bech Noir spring to mind, and it's a nice touch to give Baltimore a serial killer over a century before Dr Hannibal Lecter was employed by the Johns Hopkins Medical Centre in that city.
Screen hokum gets no hokier.
Poe's acidic wit and flair for brevity are both in perilously short supply in this torpid, rackety whodunit set in the week before the writer's death.
Cusack is fine as Poe but let down by a routine script that doesn't conjure up a character of great intrigue.
Dull, tedious thriller that manages to say nothing interesting or new about Poe.
McTeigue's vision of Baltimore is vibrant and alluring, all gothic architecture and swirling fog, while Cusack is eminently watchable as the boozy, perpetually broke Poe...
It's a fiendishly clever idea: turn Edgar Allan Poe into the hero of a gothic thriller that weaves together aspects of his rackety life and mysterious death with lurid elements taken from his stories. A shame, then, that the execution is so bungled.
While it won't get you in a huge flap, The Raven will give you enough caws to stay awake upon a midnight dreary...
Enjoyable period thriller that plays like a Gothic version of Seven and succeeds thanks to a literate script, atmospheric direction, some suitably grisly murder sequences and a superb performance from John Cusack.
Squandering a promising premise and depriving John Cusack of sufficient dramatic meat to stake his claim to be the definitive portrayal of Poe, The Raven feels like a hollow shell - without a beating (or tell-tale) heart.
A film that, despite a strong visual sense, has simply no grasp on its characters or its plot. 'Nevermore', indeed.
Poe was one of the most vicious, merciless critics of his age. He would not have let this get past him without skewering its shortcomings with a barbed quill.
[A] flashy hodge-podge of biopic, mystery and gorno.
The inherently likeable Cusack fares surprisingly well in one of his darkest roles, but The Raven's clever premise is totally undermined by James McTeigue's tactless, bumbling direction.


@highlight

Thinly scripted, unevenly acted, and overall preposterous, The Raven disgraces the legacy of Edgar Allen Poe with a rote murder mystery that's more silly than scary.