Neeson... seems, for all his melancholic, hangdog delivery, as if he's having a great time tackling what used to be a younger, buffer man's game. And thanks to him, so are we.
Liam Neeson! He has really cornered the Hollywood market in lone mad dads. If you want a crazed drunk giant running around waving two guns and at least one mobile phone and/or a bottle of whisky, call the star of Schindler's List.
If there's a film that is pretty much true to its name, then this one is it. Another variation on the classic theme of a plane hijack, the movie is relentless with not a wasted second.
This, as you may have already guessed, is not a good film, in many ways it is an awful film, but that, interestingly enough, is not to say that this isn't a fun film and a great ride.
Clocking in at more than 200 minutes, the film plods along a muck of bad dialogue, contrived tension, finicky logic, and a sense that no one had the energy to create a solid pace in the first place.
It was ok, enjoyable cheesy action.
It all might sound bit Fly Hard and director Collet-Serra does make good use of the claustrophobic cabin confines, even if he cheats on the in-flight physics later on. But his tech-Hitchcock whodunnit doesn't sustain.
Absurd 'thriller' skimps on thrills.
The screening audience was apparently just as dumb as this reviewer, because when 'Non-Stop' stopped at its ridiculous CGI deus ex machina finale-everyone cheered and clapped.
"Non-Stop" sees Liam Neeson resume his generic action hero persona - as seen in "Taken" and "Unknown" - to far less successful results.
After the entertaining thriller Unknown, Neeson reteams with Collet-Serra for what is not only the Orphan helmer's best work, but also a pretty good film in its own right.
With Non-Stop, Collet-Serra confirms his status of one of Hollywood's most inventive genre artists (and one of the last to shoot on film).
Non-Stop still offers a decent ride. Just be ready to shrug off a few cringe-worthy moments.
A dumb action thriller with brains. Its closest relative is Executive Decision (1996), Kurt Russell's pulsating hijack thriller which might well have given Osama Bin Laden a few ideas in the first place...
Non-Stop is the kind of film that Hitchcock might have made in his heyday, or at least one he would have enjoyed.
For a good 80 minutes, Non-Stop delivers exactly what the title promises - an escalating series of exciting set-pieces with a great, mysterious backbone. This is top grade Hollywood entertainment.
Non-Stop has thrills, the dread of falling out of the sky, with Neeson dishing out some fierce action; but at times this Cluedo on a plane it runs out of steam.
Non-Stop is an engaging mystery filled with thrills that's sure to keep you guessing with every twist and turn of the story.
Never coming to an airline screen near you, 'Non-Stop' is a silly but engaging action movie starring Liam Neeson as Bill Marks, a federal air marshal.
Neeson is again solid as a man with faults he must overcome to save those around him.
For the viewer who has thus far found the "Liam Neeson is a broken old man who pummels bad guys" genre to be devoid of any real merit, Non-Stop provides no counter-argument.
He elevates the otherwise B-movie thriller Non-Stop into a tense enough action picture.
The premise is sure-fire, but director Jaume Collet-Serra's grip on the material is not as tight as the cabin pressure; moments of sentiment and unnecessary back story relieve the claustrophobia and stall the momentum.
The structure here is familiar, with various smaller twists and red herrings eventually leading to a big reveal of the true villain and his motives. In this case, that climax elicits more of a shrug than a gasp.
Rarely as compelling as its premise might've indicated...
Neeson effectively redeems the potentially ludicrous murder mystery set aboard an airplane during a transatlantic flight with a compellingly gruff performance
Neeson is good but his character in the film is fuzzy and the overall plot makes little sense.
Mostly there's Neeson doing what he does profitably, glaring and growling through tight spots made to seem less preposterous by his presence. Other action heroes are sprier, more handsome or ripped but these days nobody snaps a neck better.
The whole concept to Non-Stop is completely hackneyed and frivolous, but remains compelling given the fast paced, guessing game that ensues.
Liam Neeson is at it again in yet another enjoyable, disposable French-produced action flick in which a hapless, dishevelled guy with big personal problems is forced by circumstance to jump, run, growl and shoot people - often all at the same time.
The film reaches stratospheric heights of preposterousness, but the mix of whodunit intrigue, ticking-bomb suspense and pockets of turbulent action is ridiculously enjoyable.
Die Hard on a plane, Neeson's follow-up collaboration with his Unknown director Jaume Collet-Serra stages thrilling action setpieces in close confines.
A high-flying whodunit that will keep you guessing until the very end.
Offers some suspense, but a suspension of disbelief is required
Trades action for sense
A stupid movie that winds up being kind of fun.
... a very by-the-numbers affair, but one that delivers cheesy shocks and jolts with the predictability and efficiency of a veteran flight crew doling out ginger ale and tiny bags of pretzels.
The filmmaking is playful without feeling jokey, the narrative stuffed with fun complications.
...A suspenseful, airborne thriller with a climax that doesn't quite live up to what precedes it.
Non-Stop draws genuine tension from the scenario of strangers forced into proximity, each endowed with the power of instant, silent communication.
If it were not for (Liam) Neeson's overly earnest performance, you'd think you were watching an "Airplane"-like spoof.
Starts off intriguingly but runs out of interesting little character quirks and recognizable faces stuffed into supporting roles, succumbing to less interesting, jerry-rigged thrills and payoffs that leave one feeling a bit empty.
This doesn't merely make Snakes On A Plane look like plausible drama; worse, it's a bit of a drag
Yep, this might be nothing more than a D-list Die Hard, but it is a hefty chunk of big, dumb fun nonetheless.
If the idea of Liam Neeson being Liam Neeson-y on a plane appeals to your senses, have at it. It's not great, but you could do worse.
Twists, turns, a serious tussle in the lavatory, and a rip-roarin' finish that had one woman seated behind me whooping, gasping and hollering "Save the baby!!!"
My lasting wish is that Neeson, now 61, retires this grating schtick soon. His Golden Years are nigh, and his undeniable talents need not be wasted any longer.
A dandy, edge-of-your-seat whodunit.
Cells on a plane!
Neeson, who brings enormous conviction to these late-career action roles, moves his big body through confined spaces ... with so much power that you expect him to rip out the seats.
Non-Stop is no more than one would expect from a B-movie actioner; some thrills and a small bit of action. Despite its deficiencies and lack of inspiration and thanks to the steady and winning presence of Liam Neeson, it's also no less.
An entertaining thriller let down by a stupefyingly illogical ending.
It's risible nonsense ...
Air travel rules and regulations pushed aside, Neeson is totally committed to the role.
Non-Stop held my attention for longer than I expected. It's trash... but it's still intriguing.
We the audience know Bill is innocent, so we are going to go right on rooting for our protagonist until he redeems himself in front of the rest of the world.
But what starts as a moderately engaging, if familiar, exercise (like Airport '77) quickly deteriorates into farce (like The Concorde...Airport '79).
It's fortunate that an above average potboiler need not keep its feet on the ground, especially when set in the air.
Director Jaume Collet-Serra, working with a script credited to three writers, takes a few twists around conventional wisdoms collected post 9/11. However, moving the story along is another matter entirely.
This film isn't straight-up fisticuffs and firearms, as it also contains an old-fashioned mystery in the whodunnit vein. Hence, it's more Murder on the Orient Express and less Snakes on a Plane.
Non-Stop is Mistakes on a Plane.
It probably warrants a second viewing, just to see if it all holds together under closer scrutiny once you know its secrets.
Um filme eficiente, mesmo que com roteiro irregular.
When crashing the plane is the only answer to a hijacked plane, when piling all of your luggage onto a bomb is the only solution, and when a heart condition is used to explain why someone likes the window seat, then Non-Stop is the answer.
... an airborne game of cat-and-mouse ... 'Non-Stop' comes with as many suspects as passengers. Think of it as 'Ten Little Indians' at 30,000 feet.
There are no distractions in a Liam Neeson Is Going To Kill You movie. If you are a kidnapper, hijacker, terrorist, sex trafficker or murderer, you are going to be killed by Liam Neeson (exception: you are a wolf).
It's also cleverly plotted and efficiently put together by the Spanish director Jaume Collet-Serra.
This is a near perfect object of 21st century film-technique, the kind of gee-wow-gotcha movie-skill unallied to such apparently insignificant values as story, believability or anything resembling recognisable human behaviour.
The film descends into the realm of implausibility, with a marked change in tempo and dialogue that demolishes any tension that the film worked so hard to create.
There are a few too many implausibilities and loose ends and the interactions with passengers are hard to credit.
Kick your seat back, let that tray table down, turn off the overhead light (your brain) and let this plane carry you to your destination.
Non-Stop isn't exactly a smooth ride, but as far it being the big screen equivalent of an airplane novel, one that you read on the flight and throw away when you get to your destination, it is wildly successful. Just don't think too hard about it.
While this film is pretty much a paint-by-numbers airline thriller, it's set up is done exceptionally well.
Non-Stop is matinee junk food, but it's some of the best we've had in months.
Despite two annoying plot holes, this fits nicely into the new Liam Neeson genre of an action-filled, nail-biting thriller released at the beginning of the year.
Despite some implausible scenes, it was entertaining, exciting and compelling.
Anyone planning to see Non-Stop should probably just go see it. This is one of those near-perfect, peeled-onion, airplane-hijacking thrillers in which each removed layer brings you closer to a single, happy tear.
It may be too on-the-nose to say that Non-Stop doesn't stick the landing, but the speed at which the movie turns from pleasantly diverting to semi-disastrous botch is genuinely disheartening.
Non-Stop isn't a bad example of its type of film; merely an unexceptional one.
Why demand logic of an action movie released in February, when audiences just want a nice, bumpy ride?
Lacks visual flair and comes across as competent but passionless.Very watchable, but there's no oomph to it.
Do not underestimate the Irishman with a particular set of skills. Flimsy plot, but substantial cast make this work.
Non-Stop takes itself way too seriously.
Non-Stop is the kind of forgettable action movie that February was made for, but it works because it doesn't aspire to be more than it is.
A hijacked airliner action-thriller with a relentless pace and 10 or so potential villains, Non-Stop is nearly unstoppable fun -- until the killjoy of its big villain reveal.
It's all fairly entertaining and eminently disposable.
Were it not for the Sept. 11 allusion, Non-Stop could be a guilty pleasure. But that allusion -- so destructive to the film's quality, so unnecessary to its plot -- squashes much of the pleasure.
On a pure gut level, "Non-Stop" cooks up some terrific, swift suspense, and it's all rooted in that appealing, hangdog face of Neeson's.
Despite the escalating ridiculousness, Non-Stop remains passable escapism until it runs headlong into a "Can I get real for second?" climax.
Neeson gives a smart performance in what's ultimately a pretty dumb, but entertaining movie.
Neeson nearly trumps film's flaws
The problem is that Non-Stop tries to be something it's not. It has one too many scenes that border on ludicrous, and the big reveal barely makes sense.
Neeson has, in his various action roles, done more than a little to overturn decades of patronising Hollywood depictions of the Irish as noble savages and leprechauns.
Neeson is such an eloquent hunk of Irish melancholy that he gives everything he does - snapping a neck or taking a drink of water - a classical gravitas.
It's a locked-plane mystery! The text is coming from inside the plane! Well, actually... maybe it isn't? There's a delicious cleverness to this very silly but very entertaining flick.
The premise is intriguing, and director Jaume Collet-Sella delivers intermittent claustrophobic thrills, although he struggles to sustain momentum.
When a film sets out to do nothing but amuse and entertain, you can only take it for what it is and enjoy it as much as you can - but Non-Stop doesn't quite go the distance.
Ludicrously entertaining. Wait, no, ludicrous and entertaining; a slice of sublime nonsense.
At one point, Moore talks about how much she loves flying overseas. "For six hours, nobody can reach you. You're just living in the present." The same could be said of enjoyable, disposable escapist entertainment like "Non-Stop."
"Non-Stop" is director Jaume Collet-Serra's latest complete failure at creating believable suspense.
Liam Neeson kills a man in the airplane lavatory at 40,000 feet. You now know everything necessary to determine whether Non-Stop is for you.
Neeson proves crucial at turning the wildly implausible "Non-Stop" into a slick, gripping crowd-pleaser.
"Non-Stop" is nothing but entertaining; a locked-room mystery combining elements of Agatha Christie and "Air Force One."
Non-Stop features such a brilliant set-up that you spend most of the film wondering if it can pay it off. The answer is no.
The screenwriters have apparently never encountered a plot hole they couldn't saunter right past.
I enjoyed the action bits & it's fun watching a fellow old man like Neeson kick some major movie butt. But in terms of making us care about the who's the culprit secret, the pic quickly loses altitude. (Full Content Review for Parents also available)
"Non-Stop" spends so much time trying to outwit the audience it ends up outwitting itself.
Non-Stop gets increasingly far-fetched as the jet makes its way across the Atlantic.
Ridiculously entertaining in spite of its occasional lapses in real-world logic.
There's nothing strikingly original about Non-Stop, but it does show that Neeson, even when on autopilot, still knows exactly how to hold down an action film.
Non-Stop can be downright ridiculous and stupid, but it is darn entertaining.
Non-Stop is a glorious mix of non-stop suspense, gritty realism, and absurd plot twists.
For most of its running time, Non-Stop provides breezy, no-nonsense, kitchen-sink entertainment.
It is crucial that a film of this genre can convince you it is smarter than you are. Non-Stop fails, but makes an admirable effort to distract you with silliness.
There is hardly a beat that passes in which the screenplay ... doesn't introduce some new, clever element or complication to the film's dizzying mix.
Non-Stop can be picked apart like a buzzard on road kill. But if you want some breezy entertainment, then this film delivers in spades.
It all comes down to Liam and he delivers the goods.
While there may be some plot holes or absurd conveniences if you were determined to look hard enough, the film is too much fun to bother worrying about it. Sit back and enjoy it, Captain Neeson has everything fully in control.
Liam Neeson is the granddaddy of action films. The Oscar winner's stoic, deep-voiced, monotone, but - most importantly - likable demeanor is consistently entertaining. You want him to win and he always does.
Looking for a better movie in the same vein? Try 2005's "Flightplan," 2005's "Red Eye," or even 2006's "Snakes on a Plane," and treat this disappointing entry as the afterthought it finally becomes.
Non-Stop hits turbulence early on and never truly levels out, making for one bumpy ride.
The beats and twists may be familiar, but it's well executed, and director Jaume Collet-Serra wisely resists the urge to go turbo, as it were.
The plot keeps us guessing, even through its more preposterous twists and turns.
The remnants of an actor remain, and Non-Stop gives [Neeson] as good a chance as any these days to let his emotions loose nearly as often as his fists.
Sinks to a level of ridiculousness that harshes the buzz from even a top-notch cast and engaging set-up.
"Non-Stop" is a crisp, efficient thriller that benefits greatly from the intangibles Neeson can be counted on to supply.
Non-Stop plays like what might happen if Michael Bay directed a screenplay developed for Alfred Hitchcock.
I can't entirely recommend Non-Stop, but I'm also not completely immune to its charms.
As an airborne drama, it's the most preposterous flight since that plane that had snakes on it.
"Non-Stop" is by no means a tremendous thriller, but in the pantheon of Liam Neeson action movies, its tray table is up and it sits in a standard, upright position.
The action is, as advertised, nonstop, and well-paced throughout. There are a number of exciting action sequences, and the suspense never flags.
Fasten your seat belts before takeoff, because Non-Stop is a bumpy ride.
The film soars through a plot that grows to preposterous heights.
Everywhere you look there's someone fun to watch.
Since he's so good as this kind of cloying claptrap, Neeson manages to shine.
They took my daughter. They took my wife. Now, they took my plane? Poor Liam Neeson.
What it lacks in believability it makes up for in strong performances.
Non-Stop [is] an efficiently made exercise in airplane claustrophobia that takes off well enough but then crash-lands in the third act under the weight of its red herrings, improbability and plot twists.
Neeson does indeed have a very particular set of skills - in elevating the generic action thriller into guilt-free popcorn pleasure.
The movie's preposterous, complicated, and a fair amount of fun until it tries to make sense in the final ten minutes.
"[The writers'] terrorist tells us how 'easy' it all was, but they never get around to filling in blanks as to just how it was done (and you may be sorry to find out why it was)."
A committed cast and crew do their best to keep this airplane thriller aloft, but ultimately a ludicrous premise and multiple plot inanities lead to a crash-landing, literally and figuratively.
Non-Stop owns its own title: As an air terror thriller, this Hollywood movie is insanely intense, engaging, terrifying and occasionally both touching and humourous. The thrills and chills element really is non-stop.
Non-Stop asks, not unreasonably, for some suspension of disbelief, but it just keeps on asking and asking until it become comically absurd to think through all the variables the culprit had to take into consideration.
"Non-Stop" doesn't make any sense, but that's expected, uninteresting and incidental to the pleasures of a slow-season Liam Neeson release as diverting as this one.
What a waste of a great premise: a locked-room mystery at 30,000 feet.
"Non-Stop" may be a tad derivative -- you could call it "Sky Hard" -- and its ending crash-lands in more ways than one. When all its engines are firing, however, it's a heck of a ride.
What holds the movie together, and us in its thrall, is Mr. Neeson's big, often bludgeony presence.
It's quite original and ingenious in plotting.
Do the clues all fit together? Perhaps not. But for the duration of the "Non-Stop" ride, I had no problem stowing my disbelief in the compartment overhead.
Sure to please audiences and confound critics and cinephiles who are sticklers for plausible plotting.
It all ends up becoming the closest thing I've seen in a while to an early-90's action movie (not an insult in my circles), and while you can have fun with this it ends up being rather unremarkable.
It's not terrible by any means, but by the second half of the movie we know most of the moves it's going to make and the whodunit vibe goes out the door in favor of a more straightforward, predictably generic action flick climax.
The plot doesn't even begin to hold together, and the ultimate reveal of the evil plan makes not a damn lick of sense
Until a preposterous ending that tries to turn a popcorn movie profound by making it topical, Non-Stop gets the job done. It's fun to watch audiences jump in their seats and go, "Eek!"
Better than most recent mile-high suspense dramas, the film is busy, clever, well-paced.
NON-STOP is an extraordinary piece of cheese, a movie that elicits laughs (with the film), gasps and even some spontaneous applause.
If you're going to try to make a statement with a PG-13-rated Liam Neeson thriller, just make the statement, "Don't [bleep] with Liam Neeson, chump."
Taut, tense and riveting, Liam Neeson's latest action vehicle is not just another Liam Neeson action vehicle.
I've never spoken this fuzzy phrase in conversation, let alone written it in a movie review, but it applies perfectly to the formulaic action flick "Non-Stop": It is what it is.
I not only enjoyed "Non-Stop," but I'd watch it again. Particularly on a plane.
There's an enjoyable, go-for-broke bullishness in "Non-Stop" that echoes its star, Liam Neeson.
With a premise not much more believable than Snakes on a Plane, this slickly made thriller entertains us from start to finish by never flinching once.
It's the propulsive pace of the film and the nice sense of suspense it builds that help most in glossing over its failings.
The movie's fun. And now, thanks to our annual Neeson thriller, spring can come soon.
By the manipulative end of the ride, Non-Stop had reached a destination that no one wants in their February escapism-forgettable.
Stop. Eject.
Neeson isn't going to win an Oscar for this but he's re-affirmed his position as Hollywood's favourite and least likely action star.
Liam Neeson's twilight purple patch as a creaking action man - Taken, The Grey, Unknown - gets firmly off the ground in this enjoyable hijack caper high above the clouds.
The plot summary alone is enough to make your mouth turn up at the corners, and Non-Stop has that same modest but often undervalued talent. It makes you smile.
Non-Stop was never going to get any awards silverware. It collects plenty of air miles for enjoyability, though.
Very silly, but overall a fun B-level actioner. In the pantheon of Liam Neeson action-flicks, it's a notch below TAKEN, better than UNKNOWN, and way better than TAKEN 2.
Despite a crackerjack premise and a decent first hour of suspense, Non-Stop abandons the art of surprise to magnify its menace, losing the promise of clandestine evildoing to play up Neeson's knighthood.
It isn't so much a story that needed to be told as a problem to be solved by the filmmakers.
Non-Stop is one of the most purely enjoyable entries in the ongoing cycle of Liam Neeson action-thrillers, tempering the star's gruff strongman antics with surveillance-state commentary that's more clever than subversive.
As with so many high-concept films, it takes an awful lot of implausibility to keep the story airborne.
Primarily serving as a vehicle to demonstrate that Liam Neeson has now perfected his Harrison Ford Growl, "Non-Stop" is a by-the-numbers action flick that goes exactly where you think it's going.
All the tedium of an endless trans-Atlantic flight gets packed into the 105 minutes of "Non-Stop,'' a preposterous "thriller'' providing Oscar winner-turned action star Liam Neeson with his latest paycheck job.
Starts with some decent suspense before devolving into utter idiocy.
A fun hypothetical about what if every single thing went wrong and was turned against us? Probably not an accurate hypothetical, but a fun one.
This is Hitch-schlock of the highest order - and I say that as an endorsement.
The flimsiest of black box recorders ... that never threatens to make even intermittent sense, but it hangs together on the bulky shoulders of its star.
When the best part of a high-concept thriller is Lupita Nyong'o's Grace Jones haircut, it may be best to just put your seat back and sleep through the whole danged flight.
Once again, Neeson carries a generic outing on his weary shoulders.
Non-Stop reaches for some pointed post-9/11 political commentary that almost entirely exceeds its grasp. Total brainlessness, in this case, would have been a virtue.
A movie that begins with a somewhat promising premise but quickly devolves into a dopey action thriller.
At a certain point either you'll fasten your seat belt and go with Non-Stop's absurd, Looney Tunes logic or you won't. Against my better judgment, I went with it.
On paper, Non-Stop seems awesome. In execution it is frustratingly flubbed.
A thriller frontperson hasn't been this enjoyably, hilariously bad at their job since Denzel Washington in 'Out of Time.'
From the evidence presented here, this film's three screenwriters have not only never taken a commercial flight, they've never met any actual human beings.
What might happen if Agatha Christie was forced to pen her own version of Taken
[VIDEO COLUMN] Yet another standard-issue thriller - this one starring the ever-watchable Liam Neeson on leading man duties - "Non-Stop" is a perfect guilty pleasure. So what if the plot makes little sense?
A jerry-rigged terror-on-a-plane thriller with a premise so far-fetched as to create a degree of suspense over how the writers will wriggle out of the knot of their own making.
Non-Stop keeps you too busy clinging to the edge of your seat to cynically probe for plot holes, providing relentless entertainment from take off to touchdown.
A cheesy delight, down to its improbable plot twists and the inevitable appearance of a red LED display showing how long Bill has to rescue passengers and crew before everything goes kablooey.
'Taken' meets 'Speed' on a plane, with a dash of Agatha Christie, but as breezily entertaining as a commercial action thriller is supposed to be. Neeson and cast make it work.
Initially, Non-Stop promises to be a fun, slick paranoid thriller, but eventually it becomes clear that there's not enough ingenuity to go along with all the ludicrousness.
Even in the movie's most ridiculous moments, Collet-Serra keeps the pacing brisk and knows how to divert our attention with a well-timed bit of comic relief.
Non-Stop certainly wastes no time, establishing a cool little "Who done it?" story for the modern, tech savvy world.
Thanks to a high dose of action and some plot surprises, Non-Stop is a watchable and fairly entertaining thriller, but its corny dialogue and two-dimensional characters ultimately let it down.
A nifty lift-off and a tense first hour lead us, disappointingly, to a very bumpy landing. While Neeson and co. do their best, the script just doesn't deliver where it really matters.
The latest collaboration between director Jaume Collet-Serra and star Liam Neeson is made with far more care and visual detail than you might expect.
It's disposable but that doesn't mean it's bad
Neeson spends the movie looking pained, as though he's contemplating the size of the tax bite on his paycheck...as forgettable as an airline meal and about as flavorful.
Neeson is worth the price of admission all by himself.
It's both ridiculous and a little rote; Neeson has worn this genre into a rut and he still has a few more action pics lined up, one of them with the same director.
It's inspiring to watch a 61-year-old action star "break a leg" and a neck equally well in one of the best thrillers in years.
The director's mistake is wallowing in Liam Neeson's self-seriousness.
Nobody's demanding an action-thriller plot that's 100 percent plausible. But is 55 percent too much to ask?
This ridiculously entertaining thriller barely pauses for breath from the moment it leaves the runway.
This movie's title, translated from the director's native language, means "No, stop." Which is apt.
Liam Neeson, with his towering frame and credible persona, is an asset to any film (but)... too many distractions by way of character overload and red herrings
Non-Stop barrels along seemingly oblivious to its contrivances and implausibilities.

@highlight

While Liam Neeson is undoubtedly an asset, Non-Stop wastes its cast -- not to mention its solid premise and tense setup -- on a poorly conceived story that hinges on a thoroughly unbelievable final act.