It's too bad it is nihilism dressed up as compassion.
...[Clint] Eastwood teaches us his journey to achieve [respect] with modesty. [Full Review in Spanish]
In Million Dollar Baby, Eastwood makes us believe both that [the] relationship is completely surprising and wholly a product of fate.
[It's] about so much more than boxing. It's about redemption, risk-taking, the search for family and God, the pursuit of a dream, a soul-shattering moral dilemma and the father-daughter relationship that develops between Frankie and Maggie.
What moves you so powerfully at the end is not just a shattering tale of two old guys and a female boxer but, in our new millennium, a 74-year-old man's ability to tell it so powerfully without (apparently) the melancholy business of movies laying a glove
Its very conventionality is what makes it so compelling; we've seen this before, but it still gets us every time.
Always one of America's most undervalued directors, Clint Eastwood is proving himself the American cinema's national treasure in the third act of his career.
A heartfelt, creditable picture.
I don't think it's his masterpiece, but it's a big, beautiful, sad film with unforgettable performances.
Anyone who doesn't believe that Clint Eastwood is one of the best film-makers in America ought to see Million Dollar Baby.
The movie is simultaneously conventional and subversive, broad and nuanced, shamelessly manipulative and genuinely moving, a cheap sucker punch and a work of real moral weight.
The film is impeccably made, but more than that, the director who also composed the lovely music score, brings a rare degree of humanity to the intensely moving conclusion.
From beginning to end, its dark, foreboding atmosphere reflects the troubled world in which its three central figures conduct their essentially moral lives.
Like a very fine wine, Clint Eastwood is getting better with age. Now 75, the actor-director has delivered one of the year's best US films.
I'd be amazed if Swank failed to punch her way to a serious prize after this feat; she is an extraordinary bundle of ferocity and ice.
Million Dollar Baby, above all else, feels like a work that comes out of years of living, and years of experience with people, and knowing what works and what doesn't. It also comes from a director who is still able to be touched when two people connect.
Beautifully adapted from the stories of boxing expert F. X. Toole, Million Dollar Baby initially looks like a classic sports-movie-rags-to-riches deal, but it's when Eastwood digs deeper that the film really takes flight.
A really well-made film.
Million Dollar Baby is as close to an anti-Rocky as a sports picture ever came, but even when following familiar paths, it stakes out its own distinctively harsh territory.
Not exactly a crowd-pleaser, perhaps, but a bold jab at popular film-making that catches the audience with its guard down.
The rich, dark production is the 25th directorial turn by Clint Eastwood and is perhaps his best work yet.
[Features] three of the best performances of 2005.
Of all 2004's films, Million Dollar Baby is the one most likely to be cherished and revisited.
Million Dollar Baby provides a suitably rough-hewn canvas on which Eastwood can practice his spartan, highly personal brand of storytelling, and he puts his stamp indelibly on it as producer, director, star and composer.
The only differences between this new film and its many forebears are that the young hopeful is a woman and the finish is unforeseen.
As an actor, Eastwood has rarely taken on a character as complex as Frankie Dunn.
With Mystic River, Clint stared down loss and revenge. Here, he's made an elegiac and beautifully measured film about the power of love.
Onscreen, Eastwood is solid as granite, getting maximum effect by doing the minimum required in a scene but doing it with precisely the right inflection or look. Swank is sensational, proving her breakout turn in Boys Don't Cry was no fluke.
Morgan Freeman is impressive as Dunn's crumpled sidekick, and Oscar winner Swank is terrific, too, but this is Clint's film, both as its tortured hero and as a great American director.
Yes, Million Dollar Baby is about the grit and glory of boxing. It's about the count, the bell and the gloves in the air, but also about the human heart and all the tenderness and strength it can muster. And in both corners, it's a knockout.
Age has clenched Clint Eastwood's face tight as a fist, but he has never been more tender, vulnerable, and heartbroken than in Million Dollar Baby.
It's impressive, in the sense that a sucker-punch impresses itself on your skull.
It is thoughtful, unfashionable, measured, mostly honest, sometimes clumsy or remote, often exciting, occasionally moving and eventually surprising. It's correct.
Barely a year after the release of Mystic River, Clint Eastwood delivers a second consecutive drama that fearlessly probes the shadows of human morality without falling back on easy answers.
Perhaps the director's most touching, most elegiac work yet, Million Dollar Baby is a film that does both the expected and the unexpected, that has the nerve and the will to be as pitiless as it is sentimental.
Violent Oscar winner is inspiring but too intense for kids.
"Million Dollar Baby" is a tragic film about an innately paternal man's desperate need to overcome his own emotional traps and the loyal girl who facilitates his growth by her steely will and stubborn drive.
This is an actor's piece, and Eastwood, Freeman, and Swank all deliver performances equal to or perhaps greater than any they've done in recent memory.
Million Dollar Baby adds to Clint Eastwood's legacy in ways we might not have expected. It explores emotional terrain as he hasn't done before, and it gives him a kind of role that he has never had before.
Just when you think he should be retiring, Clint Eastwood throws another one-two punch.
Like Eastwood, it's a relic that dazzles you with its footwork, daring and class.
This is Eastwood's weakest work in years, perhaps because it yokes itself to a hot-button theme instead of a story that resonates.
A devastating act of mercy for one character may very well cost the soul of another.
After the somewhat hysterical Mystic River - a flawed work dominated by a powerhouse performance from Sean Penn - this is a far more balanced piece, anchored by three terrific turns and some lean direction from Eastwood.
Easily Mr. Eastwood's best film since Unforgiven.
Clint Eastwood's Million Dollar Baby is a masterpiece, pure and simple, deep and true.
what's great about Eastwood, is how he turns cliche to cinematic archetype, and throws in a modern twist at the same time
Quietly quite magnificent.
To steal from Ali, this one floats like a butterfly and stings like a bee.
Performances throughout are superb.
Though conventional in many respects, it feels like no other boxing film ever made, due largely to Eastwood's unmistakable presence on both sides of the camera.
Not glitzy or glamorous, but solidly written, acted, and photographed
Clint Eastwood elicits yet another remarkable performance from a young actor.
There's still time to brush up on your Academy Award trivia before the envelopes are torn open and the golden statues handed out, and Million Dollar Baby should be at the top of your list.
The movie is about fights and wounds and healings, beginnings and endings, that are not only physical but mental, psychological, spiritual.
On the surface it all seems very reasonable, but it exhibits an innate jingoism and its "feminism" is too thoughtless to be believed. An ungainly, smug film.
The most unspectacular of major studio productions during 2004 is the most gut wrenching memorable.
There were plenty of contenders in 2004 but only one that truly was a heavyweight.
Exhibits a gentle unaffected beauty and austere humanism.
This movie gets off to a slow start but ends with a bang.
Not a movie I would necessarily see again, saw twice, but while watching it, impossible to think about anything else.
After the twist, audiences may shy away from the complex moral issues portrayed and leave somewhat unenthused. Others might find the film too depressing for their enjoyment.
Million Dollar Baby is an exceptional boxing movie, but Paul Haggis' screenplay...amounts to something greater than the familiar underdog sports tale.
already submitted
The Cliche'd Sports Movie That Almost Was - and Thankfully Wasn't . . . the movie stops being about boxing, and becomes entirely something else
A movie that shines with life and excitement and sorrow. It's an emotionally overwhelming experience.
Million Dollar Baby is about intelligent, ambitious people we respect and sympathize with, making the viewing experience actually satisfying, unlike, say, Mystic river.
Un Knock Out Cinematográfico
M$B sometimes recalls a silent movie where the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune play out in a concentrated circle of light that goes opaque around the edges.
Eastwood continues his streak of demonizing lower class living.
On relationships, the film soars.
Un film moyen dont on ne se souviendra plus dans quelques mois, un jab sans grande force qui ne laisse aucune marque.
Although a bit too predictable for me, 'Million Dollar Baby' held my interest throughout because of Morgan Freeman's humanistic performance and soothing narration.
It has stereotypical underdog elements, but Eastwood, Swank, and Freeman are so powerful in the film, that it seems fresh.
Packs a K.O. punch...and does so with exceptional cinematic grace, a powerful emotional sting, and without breaking a sweat.
Deeply troubling and potentially gravely harmful artifact of the culture of death.
Cmo no conmoverse cuando un gigante de hierro como Eastwood desnuda toda su vulnerabilidad emocional frente a la pantalla? El tipo se hace lgrimas, y nosotros con l.
"It is worth stepping into the ring with this hard-hitting slugfest of a movie and go a few rounds until the ref mercifully calls the fight"
Under the expert eyes of Eastwood, and accompanied by the subdued and gracious narration of Freeman, "Million Dollar Baby" waxes divine.
While the movie is set in the world of boxing, it covers a lot of other important issues and relationships. Some of you will find the ending has a moral issue.
The first two-thirds of Million Dollar Baby is a typical sports film skillfully made. Then, the third act rolls in like a thundercloud.
a lean, modern film noir that places a touching surrogate father-daughter relationship among the inky shadows and crumbling walls of a fading corner of Los Angeles
It doesn't matter if you love boxing or hate it; Million Dollar Baby is a powerful and unforgettably human story.
There's something about boxing - a.k.a. the most barbaric sport on earth - that the camera loves.
...Eastwood's movies inevitably turn out better than they must have sounded in pitch meetings - he's rarely well served by capsule plot synopses.
What appears to be a boxing film is really a study on dealing with guilt, responsibility for risk, and personal drive.
Mystery of the Universe #237: the same Clint Eastwood who once co-starred with an orangutan is now America's finest director of tragedy.
After Freeman refers to a place that exists "somewhere between nowhere and goodbye," we realize he's identified the dark space inhabited by all the film's characters.
It is not a great movie because it strives to be important, but because it simply tries to tell a story of people who enter each other's lives, endure a series of struggles and triumphs, and emerge forever changed.
a simple, unadorned story that just happens to touch on some big-issue themes usually left for Oscar-bait movies.
'The simplicity of the tale on the surface belies the depth of feeling that comes roaring out from behind Eastwood's enduring squint.'
... a deeply felt (but never feel-good) father-daughter love story - and one of the most emotionally shattering films ever made.
Hilary Swank [deserves] an award in a new category for the most winning performance in the movie I'm least likely to watch again.
Leaves its mark not with a knockout blow, but with round after round of jabs that hit their mark until there's nothing more left to save except one's dignity.
Making a movie like Million Dollar Baby requires a certain toughness, to challenge the conventions of a movie genre and make them feel fresh and new.
Eastwood seems liberated by old age, doing some of his best and most profound work as an actor and director.
There shouldn't be any question about whether Clint Eastwood has earned his place in the pantheon of American cinema.
There's no denying that Million Dollar Baby packs some unexpected wallop in its latter stages. But Hawks and Siegel would never have put their name to anything this pretentiously sombre from start to finish.
If you're looking for glitz, this is not for you. But it's hard to beat Eastwood for good, solid filmmaking.
Arguably the best, most consistent movie Clint Eastwood has made since his Oscar-winning Western Unforgiven in 1992.
Just when you settle into the groove of the boxing flick Million Dollar Baby, BAM! There's a sucker punch straight to your senses
There is no question about the status of Million Dollar Baby as a work that instantly ranks on the short list of Essential Eastwood.
'This is, hands down, Eastwood's greatest performance on screen.'
Eastwood tells his story in a straightforward manner; no fancy camera tricks or angles. ... His no-frills, unadorned style ... is well-suited for the subject matter.
When it comes to knockouts, it's the punch you don't see coming that packs the greatest wallop. That's exactly what happens in Million Dollar Baby.
[A] solid boxing drama.
A knockout.
Million Dollar Baby earns your eight or nine bucks.
A truly powerful, masterful work.
An unvarnished, reflective and tightly focused tale of loyalty and sacrifice.
The film is funny, thrilling and heartbreaking.
Ranks among the all-time heavyweights of sports movies.
This film is a dramatic powerhouse, thanks to a jarring third act that explores themes far darker than 'overcoming adversity' or 'going the distance.'
At 74 and directing his 25th film, (Clint) Eastwood just keeps getting better behind the camera.
It's above average. But it ain't the greatest of the year. Sorry, Clint.
Driven by characters etched deeper than the lines in Clint Eastwood's face, Million Dollar Baby is a quiet triumph for its director and star.
It is a gritty, funny, moving tale of taking risks, taking stands and facing the consequences. And it alternately feels way too familiar and surprises us as it stakes out its thematic territory and then takes a huge, provocative risk of its own.
One of the finest character dramas ever made.
It's strange that so many have mistaken its dull sincerity for something profound and moving.
For all its pretensions to elevating the genre, is seldom more than just another boxing movie.
While we’ve come to expect a certain Spartan beauty to the look and feel of Clint Eastwood’s films, here he plumbs new emotional depths as both an actor and director.
A thematically inconsistent and dramatically unsatisfying false idol that has been strangely elevated to the level of Clint Eastwood's actual masterpieces.
Lulls you to sleep in its familiar rhythms and genre checkpoints, methodically - almost secretly - working its way toward a knockout conclusion.
Sombrio, complexo e instigante.
The best movie of 2004, edging out Sideways by a half-whisker.
... Has caused people to take note for the best reason of all: it is a brilliant film.
Though Million Dollar Baby weighs in as another solid entry on Eastwood's resume, Paul Haggis's script stages a fixed fight.
Eastwood is the ultimate sparring partner when it comes to his latest prize-winning knockout Baby...displays its badge of cynicism and quiet despair
It's what Eastwood does with "Million Dollar Baby" that makes it worth as many accolades.
Haunting, provocative and overwhelmingly moving, Million Dollar Baby is a magnificent work from a masterful filmmaker who keeps delivering hat trick after hat trick.
Million Dollar Baby is a masterful piece of work by Eastwood that stays with you long after leaving the theater.
[It] shines with the strength of true understanding, finding within its subject the riddles of life that every sports movie strives for, but only the best ever realize.
True to the unspoken desperation and disillusionment that toughens or chews up career-undercard boxers, tinged with post-feminist complexity and rich with classical metaphor.
A competently assembled collection of tired clichés, ham-handed sentiment, murky photography and predictable melodrama.
The director and actors manage to turn a chicken droppings story into a chicken salad movie.
What really makes this Baby, with its murky minimalism and spare score (by Eastwood himself) more than worthwhile is its ability to subvert sports-movie verities to mine something much richer, and more disturbing, beneath the skin.
It's difficult not to admire Eastwood's dogged (and likely painful) pursuit of real life and authentic emotion.
This film that is directed and stars Clint Eastwood is perhaps his most emotional, most mature, most heart-felt film of his career.
More than forty years into his career, Clint Eastwood is still growing.
Ripe with boxing movie clichés and slow to the point of distraction, this melancholy tale of an ageing trainer and the girl pugilist he takes under his wing nonetheless packs a stunning emotional punch.
The actor-director takes a dark look at another venerable archetype, the prize fighter, and in the process has created a masterpiece of American pulp noir.
What starts out feeling like a scrawny little run-of-the-mill sports movie with a wimpy title, actually goes the distance to end up as one of 2004's best films.
I'll say only that Eastwood has never been more moving, as a director or as an actor, than he is in the last 30 minutes of this film.
A glorious knockout punch of a movie.
Bring Kleenex.
The fight scenes are well-handled and Eastwood includes several nice touches, such as the way Maggie practically gallops into every fight, or the smile on Frankie's face when she wins her first match.
[Eastwood] appears to be in the middle of a Luis Bunuel-sized career renaissance.
At one point, we're told that boxing moves require fighters to pivot in a counter-intuitive fashion, but except for that ghastly twist there's nothing unpredictable about this movie.
Eastwood successfully camouflages this layered human morality tale as a boxing film
A testament to Eastwood's ability to tell a story and find the human truth at its core.
Eastwood's latest featherweight masterpiece. After his wildly over-praised Mystic River, Eastwood delivers another sucker punch, and critics have fallen for it again.
No movie in my memory has depressed me more than Million Dollar Baby.
The boxing-as-life metaphors that have permeated a thousand other stories never felt as true as they do in this beautiful, understated film. It is destined to become a classic
This movie packs a solid entertainment punch.
M$B is an old-fashioned, throwback kind of sports film, made contemporary, with graceful performances and craftsman direction.
Manipulative, demeans religious trust and Catholicity, is anti-hope, anti-family, pro euthanasia propaganda, brutalizes femininity, and is terminally depressing.
A phony, simplistic and cheap way for Eastwood to address an important and complicated social issue. At least Swank kicks butt.
The movie packs a wallop. Whether it's a knock-out or a sucker punch is hard to tell.
I don't feel the third act delivers the knock-out blow that's intended, but it's still a technical decision win for Eastwood, Swank and Freeman.
The result is the kind of movie they don't make anymore -- a real crowd-pleaser.
Is it really this good? In a word, yes.
It's rare that we see a movie that gives its characters a spiritual dimension; and rarer still that the director isn't making a heavy-handed statement with it.
One of the many pleasures of this beautifully composed, measured movie is how it reminds you of the power of pure storytelling -- an art that's too often overlooked in contemporary films in the rush for sensation and excitement.
Freeman's doleful, musical narration gives Million Dollar Baby its haunting beauty.
When you think you know its moves, it throws in fancy footwork. Then it sucker-punches you when you're not looking.
It may be that only Spencer Tracy and Paul Newman (and can someone explain to me how Eastwood and Newman have avoided making a movie together?) aged as well and as interestingly onscreen.
It's a weeper, a fighter, a dreamer of a film that treads on ground that's been fairly trampled over the years. It should stink. Instead, it's flat-out wonderful.
Eastwood takes another whack at the cliches on which his career was built. He's made a deliberately paced and surprisingly provocative movie about the toll of failure and the torments of responsibility.
Confident, powerful, a thing of deceptively effortless beauty, Clint Eastwood's Million Dollar Baby shifts its weight in the late rounds -- having seduced us with a gritty underdog tale -- and delivers a body blow.
It is Clint Eastwood's autumnal masterpiece.
A model of unadorned precision--as plaintive, soulful and endlessly complicated in its direct simplicity as a Hemingway short story or a Springsteen song.
As Maggie, Swank is a package of dynamite, a determined soul with too much to prove and too little time to do it in, to worry about defeat. Eastwood is so good in this movie, it almost feels like cheating.
The new picture takes its time, gives its actors room to breathe, and isn't afraid to strike a hokey note if it reveals something important. Real life, after all, is full of hokiness.
Million probably seems better than it is because Eastwood's directing instincts are so sound.
Million Dollar Baby is one for the books. It could have gone wrong in ways that would reduce it to a series of stereotypes. But it never does.
Saying this movie is about boxing is akin to saying Citizen Kane is about a sled.
The picture uses the familiar boxing milieu -- the dingy gym, the late-night training sessions, the build-up to the Big Bout -- as background for a far more intimate and surprising love story between a surrogate father and a surrogate daughter.
It's a story about passion and dedication to a dream. It's a story about the need to believe in yourself and what you're doing. It's a story about lost opportunities and second chances.
It's slow like sweet molasses, careful and textured.
...a tribute to the director-star's admirable work ethic more than anything else.
It doesn't get any better than this knock-out of a film.
Not just another in a string of masterworks, but also one of the greatest boxing films of all time.
It takes place in a brutal sporting world, but pay no mind; Baby is intimate, tender, and an immaculately built drama.
An uncompromising and darkly intimate portrayal of risk, resolution and dark, dark places.
...doesn't focus on the superficial elements of machismo, but rather on the nature of what being a man really means
Absolutely one of the best films that Clint Eastwood's ever made. Think about that.
I almost wish I could point out something wrong with Million Dollar Baby just to be a little different from every other critic on the planet.
For Clint Eastwood, grim is good, very good.
Million Dollar Baby has a simple premise made better by studying the relationships between the characters, but it takes too wild of a turn towards the end for my taste.
Million Dollar Baby packs an emotional punch that knocks the wind out of its audience like no movie has in years.
Its originality sucker punches you in the face and you barely have time to recover.
The performances of the three leads are perfect, so we don't care that we don't know what lies right outside the Hit Pit.
A perfect film.
We can see why Warner Bros. decided to move it up a couple of months for the awards season.
The most profoundly moving platonic love story of the year. It may be time to wheel out another batch of Career Achievement Awards for Mr. Eastwood.
It has the gloom and transcendence of an old man's wisdom.
2 good acts of Rocky Lite before it switches genres for the last act, a long and tedious tearjerker that turns this way overrated film into just an okay picture.
Million Dollar Baby makes the line between subtle and obvious seem finer than it is, and delivers its one-two punches Old-Hollywood-style.
it's when 'Baby' sheds the gloves that the drama truly takes off. And take off it does, in an utterly unexpected direction that's certain to startle...
For a movie bathed in chiaroscuro cinematography, the darkness is strictly external. These three characters are filled with light.
Solid, well-acted and has a twist that makes it undeniably moving.
Don't believe the hype about Clint Eastwood's boxing pic: This cliche-filled mess is a fixed fight.
This is not the boxing movie you want to see, it is the boxing film you should see.
It's a brave piece of work that's more than just moving -- it's genuinely upsetting, and haunting.
The final third...transforms what had been a finely-tuned but somewhat conventional sports saga into a life-and-death tragedy of raw emotional power.
In a year of fairly disappointing year-end pictures, the pick of the litter.
You might not find a better film all year.
Solemn, inflated and dull.
[A] perfect, perfect film.
Turn convention upside down with its stirring portrayal of paternity, passion, mortality, and loyalty
His latest film, Million Dollar Baby, propels Eastwood into that hallowed pantheon of the greatest directors. It is quite simply a film masterpiece, a heartbreaking tale of dreams won and lost, exquisitely stylized and expertly performed.
A breathtaking human drama that will leave you speechless.
Aims to articulate the sport's appeal... One isn't completely convinced by the end of the film that the point has been made, but the attempt is a valiant one.
Brave, smart and excellently paced.
Clint Eastwood and Hilary Swank deliver a powerful one-two punch that will knock your socks off and hit you squarely in the heart.
This film has a quiet confidence that catches the rhythms of both a strong story and engaging performances
Eastwood deserves accolades as both director and star of this powerfully made picture.
An unsettling and unforgettable masterpiece of skid-row poetry that punctures the heart.
A deeply knowing study of families abandoned and found, battles won and lost, dreams realized and deferred.
[Has] a lot going for it: excellent performances, the director's unique touch, and yet another angle of commentary on America's institutionalization of violence.
As good as Unforgiven. Or, to put it another way, as good as any movie Eastwood has ever directed.
A fine, understated piece of storytelling that earns every emotional body blow it lands.
A story well told about lessons well learned, and if Clint wants to keep making more like them, he should.
Eastwood delivers a ferociously emotional tale that matches, and in some respects surpasses, the artistry of last year's Mystic River.
Eastwood scores a knockout as an actor and director with Million Dollar Baby, a spare, exquisitely realized masterpiece about faith, redemption and boxing that beautifully illustrates his longtime philosophy that 'less is more.'
It worked in 1962 with Requiem for a Heavyweight, a shame it hasn't gotten any fresher in the intervening forty-two years.
A movie that approaches the level of great boxing films, like Raging Bull, by using sport as a metaphor for human nature.
While I wouldn't place Million Dollar Baby on quite as exalted a pedestal as last year's Mystic River and 1992's Unforgiven ... this unlikely female boxer movie may well be the best-directed of Eastwood's filmmaking career.
The film belongs to Swank.
Like a title bout that goes through seven rounds of friendly push and poke before exploding into a knockout combination.
The film works on every level -- acting, direction and production -- as it tells its heartfelt story about human frailty and the power of redemption.
Clint Eastwood delivers a knockout punch with this uncompromising boxing-ring drama about faith, trust and redemption.
It may be a classically staged tale of an underdog's triumph, but each scene is packed with authentic feeling.
Million Dollar Baby eventually climbs out of the ring and is none the worse -- actually better, probably -- for it.
Million Dollar Baby may be the first boxing movie to take the cliché of life imitating the 'art' and make it not feel like just another line.
If the film doesn't sucker punch you on first viewing, its humanity is sure to haunt for days afterward
When it comes to the narrative canvas of two wounded souls, the film pedigree is formidable, beginning with Fellini's La Strada and Bogdanovich's Paper Moon.
[An] evocative and poetic boxing movie.
Remarkable.
Baby has the taut, grim, cold look of a noir out of time. It becomes a classic Eastwood movie and Frankie becomes a classic Eastwood role.
Clint Eastwood's drama about a grizzled boxing trainer and a spunky young fighter is the best movie released by a major Hollywood studio this year.
Delivers an emotional punch to match those of the pugilists punishing each other in the ring
A haunting and beautiful story of the human spirit.
Eastwood's point of view has been seasoned enough to locate poignancy and respect for his protagonists where you least expect -- saying it's an old man's movie is a serious compliment.
Any doubt that Eastwood ranks among America's finest filmmakers should forever be dispelled thanks to this unexpectedly brilliant masterpiece.
Eastwood's powers as a director have never been in question, but who knew he had this amazing performance left inside of him?
Eastwood deserves another Best Picture nomination. Here's a man who has finally put Dirty Harry to rest.
The crowning achievement in an incredible career of a true American icon.
When did Clint Eastwood find the time to pour his heart and soul into Million Dollar Baby?
A solid filmmaker who delivers nearly flawless pictures, Clint Eastwood is in fine form with Million Dollar Baby.
The first reel is formulaic, the second a good boxing melodrama, but the third offers an intimate drama that matches Ingmar Bergman's best work.
The knockout punch comes from Eastwood. His stripped-down performance -- as powerful as anything he's ever done -- has a rugged, haunting beauty.
Slow-burning drama of a determined female boxer and her hard-shelled trainer, a tale Eastwood invests with rewarding reserves of intimacy, tragedy, tenderness and bitter life knowledge.
An emotionally powerful drama about a woman boxer, a crusty old trainer, and their journey of the heart-one of the year's best
Absolutely riveting entertainment. Takes a formulaic blueprint, tramples it to the floor, and comes up with something altogether more penetrating, touching, and real.
Another act of faith from Clint Eastwood, Million Dollar Baby may be the best American film of 2004.
Credible as both a boxing tale and a story about an unusual symbiosis.
Under Eastwood's painstakingly stripped-down direction -- his filmmaking has become the cinematic equivalent of Hemingway's spare though precise prose -- the story emerges as that rarest of birds, an uplifting tragedy.
Deeply involving.
Hilary Swank knocks us out.

As sappy and Lifetime-y as all this sounds, Eastwood's skill with the performers keeps Million Dollar Baby afloat.

@highlight

Clint Eastwood's assured direction - combined with knockout performances from Hilary Swank and Morgan Freeman - help Million Dollar Baby to transcend its clichés, and the result is deeply heartfelt and moving.