As science fiction, it's a little shaky. But it's definitely worth seeing-Duncan Jones has delivered an entertaining, fast-paced thriller with characters you actually care about.
...one heck of a time-bending sci-fi thriller...
... Source Code is a well-made sci-fi thriller, continuing the evolution of an interesting filmmaker in Duncan Jones.
Source Code is Quantum Leap meets Groundhog Day meets a train. Silly but fun.
I'd rather flirt with Michelle Monaghan than hunt down a mad bomber, too.
Ultimately, Source Code makes good on its Hitchcockian opening sequence -- it may pale in comparison to the master, but it's a fun, puzzle-filled ride, with excellent pacing and a mounting uneasiness that recalls the best episodes of The Twilight Zone.
Source Code is a sci-fi thriller that simply shouldn't work as well as it does.
It's this emotional arc underlying the ticking-time-bomb plot that keeps the movie from succumbing to its flaws.
Source Code is a mind-bending minor classic of its type, a sort of Groundhog Day with terrorism and fewer weather reports. It's as if The Matrix hopped aboard a rapid-transit line and got derailed into the American military bureaucracy.
Source Code takes off with some intense performances and an inventive story that pulls you in and makes you work for the payoff.
A thoroughly original, imaginative and fast-flying tale in which the Groundhog Day aspects are secondary to a story of service, honor and dedication.
Jones proves with Source Code that he understands how to pace a traditional thriller, and Gyllenhaal's display of comedic chops, confident bravado and tender sympathies prove that the 30-year-old actor has arrived at leading-man status.
Jones ... has a light touch of the sort that enlivens the material without trivializing it-think of it as tongue delicately navigating the perimeter of cheek
Fantastic pacing, an excellent performance by Gyllenhaal and smart storytelling make this a wonderful film.
Adorably preposterous
In spite of an over-complicated premise, Source Code succeeds in offering an above-average thriller -- with interesting sci-fi ideas for genre buffs to debate.
More like a thinking man's Speed as opposed to a what-were-you-thinking man's Déjà Vu.
"Source Code" is a fascinating sci-fi action film that works surprisingly well given the scant logic it gets away with.
Duncan Jones continues to build a rep for heady and ambitious sci-fi.
Holes in logic get swept aside by the brisk pace and stimulating tale.
Jones' conception of how the universe works pretty much eliminates the possibility of drama.
Were it supremely confident of knowing when to show its trump card, the film could have gone even further.
Source Code is genuinely compelling and - whilst not always successful - remains a fine example of an intelligent, modern sci-fi thriller.
Uma ficção científica exemplar: apresenta um conceito interessante, explora-o a fundo e, de quebra, nos apresenta a questões de fundo filosófico-existencial enquanto cria personagens complexos e tocantes.
This intelligent sci-fi-thriller is a worthy follow-up to Moon that marks Jones as one of the best new filmmakers around.
Duncan Jones's sophomore film, Source Code, is an assured second step into the realm of thoughtful science fiction.
A casually brainy and surprisingly thoughtful blockbuster... that is ultimately as much about saving the day as seizing it.
Since Source Code is philosophical science fiction and not just 'sci fi,' there's something to chew on here about consciousness: when it begins and ends, and that old chestnut of what constitutes reality. [Blu-ray]
Zipping along at a speed to match the doomed commuter train aboard which most of its story takes place, Source Code is a tense, thrilling and unexpectedly emotional science fiction thriller.
It's Groundhog Day meets Inception.
Travels back in time and borrows liberally from the vaults of Rod Serling, and does justice to his legacy.
This movie awakened my seasonal urge to buy ice cream treats and turn my brain off for 100 minutes, so get ready for summer, everyone.
An entertaining, intelligent puzzle.
Even when I thought I had the whole thing figured out early on, the movie allowed me to feel smug for a while before shooting me down. Brilliant.
Smart and engaging, Source Code is a film that incorporates top class science fiction while debating the ethics of science fact.
A film that moves our brains with even bigger ideas lurking just beneath the surface to give us plenty to think over upon leaving the theater. As long as you don't think about it too hard.
The movie doesn't pull its punches, which are deep and lead to a sly kind of nirvana.
While the end results are not as successful as Moon, it is still a decent mystery with intriguing philosophical implications and a fleshed out human drama.
Great stuff: a film which will repay multiple viewings.
At a nicely paced 93 minutes, Source Code is hard to go along with at times but it's an intriguing thriller that will hold your attention.
A tremendously enjoyable trip to the movies, one that gets your blood pumping fast enough to keep your brain ticking.
A thrilling and utterly brilliant mind-twister, which finds the human story amidst the edge-of-your-seat action.
Source Code is the second feature directed by David Bowie's son, Duncan Jones, after the excellent Moon a couple of years ago, and it confirms him as an astute and talented director of mysterious science fiction.
Do not miss Source Code if you can at all help it. As a modern motion picture, this really is the complete package.
It's an action film concerned with speaking and thinking, rather than shouting and exploding; each time the bomb goes off, it becomes less exciting, less of a focal point, until the most striking pyrotechnics on show are of the mental and emotional sort.
Jones' smart handling of the genre is a breath of fresh air, but his messages feel slightly hampered by the bigger studio budget as opposed to his fabulous debut, Moon.
Source Code is an enjoyable Hitchcockian thriller with a unique sense of humour that will serve Jones well; it is proof the young director is ready to handle cerebral blockbusters just like fellow Londoner Christopher Nolan.
Colter, like Deckard before him, has to accept who and where he is, even as these definitions recede before him.
The film is not a naturalistic drama; it's science fiction with a capital F. On its own terms ... Source Code is a decent effort
Make every second count is the essence of this beguiling sci-fi thriller with parallel realities that plays with time and destiny as it explores a multi-dimensional view of time, life and its possibilities
Moon director stays in sci-fi, keeps you in suspense
Gyllenhaal brings essential emotional weight to the story and he's backed by a strong supporting cast.
Doesn't it feel like this is a great premiere episode and we should be watching Season 1 on FOX in a few months?
After I saw the thoroughly entertaining 'Source Code,' I felt as I did after seeing 'Inception.' My mind had been blown, numerous times. And I wanted to see the movie in a 'know what I know now' mode.
A complex, compelling story, part Groundhog Day, part Inception.
A concept that might raise doubts about how well it could work. All the greater reason to praise the skill that shaped it with such brisk force and loving hands.
A top-notch time-bending sci-fi thriller that deftly avoids many potential paradoxes.
The movie is a formally disciplined piece of work, a triumph of movie syntax, made with a sense of rhythm and pace, and Gyllenhaal, who is always good at conveying anxiety, gives Stevens's desperation a comic edge.
A fast-paced sci-fi thriller that keeps the viewer too busy to realize where the ideas just do not work.
A taut, immersive ride.
Gyllenhaal has never quite made the quantum leap from dependable actor to superstar leading man, but his ability to engender compassion has always been an asset
Source Code is high concept filmmaking done the way it's supposed to be.
Thoughtful and well-made, but undercut by final-act illogic...
'Quantum Leap' meets Groundhog's Day by way of The Matrix... aside from a few predictabilities, Source Code succeeds.
The very model of scrupulous, careful storytelling... where the sometimes wildly loopy plot contortions are always neatly built upon the basis of what comes before.
...a wonderful time warp movie with pace and style.
The surprisingly moving Source Code boils down to a simple love story, with complicated strings attached.
Jake Gyllenhaal is the movie's great asset. He exhibits an artful ability to humanize his character in a dehumanized world of gamesmanship.
A movie about war that isn't a war movie and a thriller about a terrorist that isn't really about terrorism, but effectively rattling audience nerves with an elaborately wacky, hocus pocus premise. Groundhog Day with gadgets.
Source Code is also cold and clinical, but the emotion tacked on at the end is just that, tacked on. The only lingering thought after seeing it is why you didn't leave the theater at the 80 minute mark.
Mixing memorable elements of everything from Memento to Avatar to The Twilight Zone to The Manchurian Candidate, this thought-provoking mindbender even pays homage to Ronald 'Where's the rest of me?' Reagan in King's Row.
When you think back on it not everything makes sense, but when you are in the middle of the ride it is full of excitement.
takes its thriller premise and works it into an existential celebration of human determination and the resolute refusal to accept the status quo
Duncan Jones is the man behind this thing and he's a name worth getting to know.
Source Code is a very solid thriller, both entertaining and thought provoking. I look forward to Jones' next film.
Jones mostly succeeds in keeping the momentum going for long enough to prevent questioning minds from taking too much of an issue with the film as it begins to devolve into a goofy, plot-hole-laden riff on the old chicken-and-egg time-travel conundrum.
This is a classic film noir amnesia plot, brilliantly handled.
unrelenting in its suspense, keeping the level of surprise and uncertainty at a fever pitch until the credits roll
Besides the sure-handed directing, masterful script and superb acting, the movie's other strengths include stupendous visual effects, outstanding cinematography, the suspense-heightening musical score and eye-appealing scenery of the...
Jake Gyllenhaal delivers one of his best performances to date in this extremely suspenseful sci-fi thriller.
They might as well have set Source Code at Gobbler's Knob and queued up I Got You Babe every 10 minutes.
This is a well-written, well-acted film that doesn't overdo the repetition factor.
Spotlights Duncan Jones' cinematic muscle, specifically an all-too-rare aptitude for molding classical technique with experimental touches.
Slick sci-fi thriller about parallel universes.
A well-paced and structured sci-fi thriller that's as complex as it is clear-headed.
...An unconventional think piece, impressively helmed by Duncan Jones. Intellectual sci-fi fans will love it. The 'Transformers' and 'Battle: Los Angeles' visualists will get headaches from thinking too much.
Source Code, overall a highly entertaining movie, concludes with what will doubtless remain one of the worst endings of the year.
Surreal and suspenseful, geared to appeal to sci-fi fans
With much to absorb in its complicated plot, Source Code may require a repeat viewing -- in your own body, of course.
Source Code is perfectly agreeable entertainment, so long as you don't ask too much of it. It has an intriguing science-fiction premise that hints at deeper issues but, in...
With Source Code Duncan Jones proves he's sci-fi's most promising young director.
Casting matters hugely in an endeavor like this, and Source Code's quartet of main players is more than up to the task of breathing multi-dimensionality into the material.
It's a ticking clock thriller that's one part Speed and two parts Groundhog Day, the final product a rapid-fire adventure that's as fun and playful as it is action-packed and filled with suspense.
Think Quantum Leap meets Groundhog day with intense action and nail biting suspense.
You get your money's worth with excitement, yet when all is said and done, the movie has some actual thematic depth to it.
Source Code is one of those infrequent movies that keeps you guessing at each and every turn.
This is the dark side of Groundhog Day, where each visit to the past helps him learn things but inevitably leads to death.
Fun enough, but don't think about it.
Gyllenhaal is a much more sympathetic and attractive figure here than in 2010's "Prince of Persia."
This constant state of limbo is scintillating cerebral frustration for the viewer, as it is for the players. This is Jones's triumph.
This time, Jones has more money and greater studio expectations behind him, so what begins as another existential head trip that puts ideas before spectacle eventually morphs into something trite and compromised -- hard sci-fi gone soft.
My advice: Enjoy and appreciate the film for the inventive, well-acted immersive adventure it is -- even if it is about eight minutes too long.
Taut thriller delivers explosive images, sci-fi twists.
A smart sci-fi thriller that maybe asks a bit more of its audience than the average movie. But the payoff is solid, and really -- how long is eight minutes?
Jones' obvious affinity for a too-often neglected brand of idea-driven science fiction shines through. Ben Ripley's script never strays far from familiar genre territory, but that's no weakness in a film as brilliantly paced and structured as this.
Duncan Jones' swiftly paced and engaging sci-fi thriller is a Groundhog Day for a post- 9/11 world.
The rare movie that borrows elements from dozens of other films and TV shows, but is so good on its own that it almost doesn't matter.
Years -- months? -- hence I expect there will be an avalanche of PhD theses focusing on these mumbo-jumbo mind-meld melodramas. In the meantime you can pick up your BA at the multiplex today.
None of this makes any sense if you think about it, but the idea is so much fun that thinking about it may be your last impulse.
Source Code delivers a marvelous good time, and leaves us with something more than an empty tub of popcorn for our troubles.
Sitting through Source Code is like watching a chef coax a beautiful soufflé into perfect shape for 80 minutes, then drop a bowling ball on it.
The movie loses steam before it wraps everything up, but until then it's a pretty puzzle.
Duncan Jones' twisty sci-fi gem knows how to build a mystery, how to parcel out clues, and how to keep an audience guessing until the end.
It's Jones' restrained direction that keeps Source Code moving, and confirms him as the rare filmmaker able, or maybe just choosing, to understand that even movies with explosions don't have to be dumb to entertain.
It's not nearly as complex and eerily existential as the director's debut, Moon, but in its own way it's an even more satisfying time slice of identity-scrambled sci-fi.
Jones' brilliant visuals work perfectly with Ripley's story, the scenes playing out like musical variations of an underlying theme. In the land of the one-trick pony, Jones is a rare exception.
By finding everything but a more universal purpose for all this right-minded rigmarole, we lose at least part of the movie's motivation.
A tepid sci-fi thriller.
"Source Code" is challenging and stimulating, a movie that will keep you guessing and will not disappoint.
Whether you are a fan of science fiction or not, this is a great movie and is - ironically - the best offering in the genre since director Duncan Jones' 2009 masterpiece Moon.
You know a movie is amazing when you don't want to get up to use the restroom in fear that you'll miss a single frame. I just wish it ended five minutes earlier.
Jake Gyllenhaal and Michelle Monaghan are fine actors stuck doing routines. They don't have the chemistry to make Source Code more than just a half-assed film formula.
The problem with "Source Code" is the idea of "Source Code."
Gripping for the duration, and pacier than you might expect from a film where the same eight minutes play out repeatedly...
A slick, cerebral and - most of all - dull as hell sci-fi calamity. As far as excitement is concerned, this is like pitching your parasol on the banks of the Sea Of Tranquillity.
Director Jones and screenwriter Ben Ripley also deserve credit for expertly shuffling the plot.
Gyllenhaal is quite engaging here, there's plenty of suspense filled action and you will be intrigued the whole way through.
Source Code, written by Ben Ripley, is directed by Duncan Jones, who ran similar rings around consciousness in his acclaimed debut, Moon. The great gimmick of this new film is its license to thrill.
Source Code is one of those movies that I suspect is best appreciated by those who go into it knowing as little about what they are about to see as possible.
If you ask me, 2011 is really the year of the new sci-fi film, given this and two other terrific "idea-based" movies, The Adjustment Bureau and Limitless. And it's only April!
One of the problems is Gyllenhaal's inability to make his character seem coherent, sympathetic or particularly interesting.
It's watchable in spite of itself, and Gyllenhaal and Monaghan are great together. But it's not nearly as clever as it thinks it is -- especially in its final minutes.
...an unapologetic crowd-pleaser...
The differences each time the eight minutes come around are surprisingly absorbing and there's a pleasing Hitchcockian jokiness at work.
Source Code doesn't become too bogged down in the science behind the thrills, and while Colter is destined to repeat the same journey down the line, each visit is sufficiently different to hold our attention.
An insanely brilliant film that you'll want to revisit again and again.
Think of it as a sci-fi Groundhog Day, but don't ever think Jake is cooler than Bill Murray.
Jones, who worked with somewhat similar material on "Moon," does a nice job of setting up the story, but he races to its conclusion so quickly that he misses opportunities along the way to make the themes hit home.
The first film in a while to have a decent heart while quickening your pulse.
Putting across a premise as fantastical as this film's requires top-flight acting, as well as a kind of poker face, and that's precisely what the movie delivers.
Cool enough to position the movie as the thinking man's blockbuster, but "Inception" it isn't.
A fun ride of a sci-fi thriller with terrific romantic chemistry between Jake Gyllenhaal and Michelle Monaghan.
For the most part, "Source Code" delivers on its promises with precision and care - all that's missing is Punxsutawney Phil and a toast to world peace.
Patently bigger, faster, slicker and more mainstream than Jones's impressive debut film Moon, but it's a work of similar intelligence, themes and interests.
Screenwriting teachers will tell you that if you don't hook your audience in the first 10 minutes, you've lost them for the full two hours. Director Duncan Jones and writer Ben Ripley have crafted a thriller that does it in only eight.
...a popcorn flick seasoned with just enough smarts and heart to keep us engaged and invested.
"Source Code" is electrifying action that is lackluster mid way through but comes back in the end to catapult you to another universal ending.
...a well-crafted film on all levels.
Gyllenhaal easily gives his best performance since "Brokeback Mountain."
Director Duncan Jones' sophomore feature is an exhilarating experience.
Jones...has already mastered pacing, story-telling, and heart. He makes each of the replays vital and engaging and knows just when to lighten things up
The frequently mind-bending plot keeps the viewer engaged, but it's the sympathetic attention to its characters and their urgent connections with each other that give the audience a reason to care.
As he did in his acclaimed debut film Moon, director Duncan Jones explores science-fiction ideas of identity and surrogate human bodies, but in adding a more suspense-driven, ticking-clock premise, he has made a thriller with much broader appeal.
The ambitious and sharp Code isn't the movie you think it is. It's better...
A thriller that takes a science fiction premise and uses it, not for the sake of splashy effects, but as a doorway into the human soul.
I kind of love this movie.
A sci-fi thriller in which the playfulness of Groundhog Day is cannily molded to the paranoia of The Manchurian Candidate.
A lightweight action thriller with a twist in time
Source Code isn't without entertaining moments, but it's a waste of its intriguing set-up, a bright director and a superior cast.
Energy alone isn't enough to keep 'Source Code' from feeling thin, repetitive and nowhere near as smart as it wants you to believe it is.
Source Code will likely go down as the Groundhog Day of convoluted, mind-bending sci-fi thrillers. And hey, that's not such a bad thing.
There's just enough pop physics, and more than enough real human psychology, to lend this intriguing popcorn movie some depth.
A tight little sci-fi thriller with a nice, knotty premise, and it does its job in a commendable 93 minutes.
An entertaining sci-fi thriller that's not affraid to invest some emotion into the proceedings- which makes it all the more unique compared to some of the cold blockbusters we've been getting. Duncan Jones is a superstar director in the making.
"Source Code" is perfectly enjoyable as a swiftly moving thriller, and Gyllenhaal is effective as a mystified fellow who eventually engages himself - and us - in putting the pieces of the puzzle together.
Like the best sci-fi, Source Code is both entertaining and thought-provoking.
In "Source Code," thinking is doing, which makes it a nice respite from standard action fare with its guys, grunts and guns (though there's some of that here too).
With a twisty, mind-bending plot that frequently changes direction and occasionally overreaches, "Source Code" wouldn't work at all without a cast with the determination and ability to really sell its story.
This is hair-raising, clever and winning entertainment. Even if his protagonists aren't entirely what they seem to be or think they are, Mr. Jones is, it's increasingly clear, the real thing.
"Source Code" is a bullet train of a thriller.
I'm still not sure what "source code'' means here. I suspect the actors, the director, and the screenwriter haven't a clue either. But the thing keeps you watching.
Think of Groundhog Day morphing from comedy to thriller and you'll get an idea of the mischief afoot in Source Code.
...there are so many parallels between "Source Code" and "Moon" that it feels like the earlier film gussied up with a new time travel gimmick.
A well-told sci-fi yarn.
[S]omething Roger Corman would have made for $4.98 in 1974 now given a megabudget and movie-star treatment but not as much thought or sass as Corman would have given it...
Here's a movie where you forgive the preposterous because it takes you to the perplexing.
It is a tremendous downer when the second half of the movie shirks logic, defies its own established principles and raises more questions than it answers.
Remarkably coherent and weirdly compelling.
This adrenaline-drenched thriller stars Jake Gyllenhaal in the performance of his career.
Source Code certainly gives the audience a lot to chew on. But very little of it is digestible.
Has the same sure-handed management of fractured chronology as Christopher Nolan's "Inception" and "Memento," but with the propulsion of a much more accessible Hollywood thriller.
Saddled with CG effects that will only be passable on your smart phone, or from the back seat of a minivan, it's as if the looniness of the Code plot is out to undermine the highly wound, tightly cut beginning -- the camera shakes from too much adrenaline.
The irony of the situation is that it's the last eight minutes of "Code" - a movie that hinges on eight-minute intervals - that falter.
Its limited-time-travel premise offers some knotty pleasures throughout...
The rare thriller that engages us with its protagonist and his plight, even if the sci-fi part of the story never really seems to add up.
Jones may have passed his first real Hollywood test with merit, but he has wisely avoided trying to make this his calling card movie. Here's betting he'll be back with something more personal and profound in 2012.
There are points of comparison with Christopher Nolan's Inception. But the world of Source Code seems to me more interesting, and more able to incubate real drama, real suspense and even some real humour.
It's a fun game for a while: the conceit has the vertiginous appeal of a good Quantum Leap episode (right down to another face gazing back at Jake in the mirror).
The script by Ben Ripley doesn't come up with enough obstacles to throw in the hero's path, and his budding romance with the doomed Christina feels more like a studio mandate than an organic development.
"Source Code" is a contraption, no doubt. But it works.
"Source Code" isn't as smart or adventurous as it might have been. But as popcorn entertainment, it's right on schedule.
Don't be shocked if it encourages a tear or two along the way. Jones has crafted a rounded, weighty thrill ride, and I wouldn't be surprised if it ends up as one of the best pictures of the year.
A movie with an indie spirit and blockbuster sensibilities, Source Code is popcorn entertainment with genuine heft, and proof that the move to Tinseltown doesn't always mean having to sell your soul to the suits.
Sharply intelligent and also viscerally entertaining.
Superbly directed, cleverly written and featuring a terrific central performance from Jake Gyllenhaal, this is an exciting, thought-provoking and emotionally engaging thriller.
Again Jones makes us wonder, 'What kind of world are we living in?' and 'What kind of world do we think is possible?'
Slightly anachronistic, yet altogether endearing.
Source Code sticks to its relatively basic (in sci-fi terms) setup and plays with it gleefully but with maturity, never ignoring its mass-appeal cinematic duties.
Thoughtful and character-driven, and proof that Jones can successfully balance entertainment with ideas.
At the very least, the film exceeds by several magnitudes the emotional and philosophical intensity of such similar metaphysical amusements as Avatar and Inception.
...like the sci-fi flick Alfred Hitchcock never made.
A time travel drama with a difference.
Just when you think you have a fix on everything, and where exactly it is, you don't.
A rare popcorn flick that serves up drama you can sink your teeth into, this one confidently opens as a thriller that's a cut above the rest.
Take the logical leap of faith and enjoy this gripping, intelligent, surprisingly moving sci-fi thriller.
Source Code bats around interesting philosophical ideas about the elasticity of time, and the director finds moments of humor in unlikely corners of that train of fools.
Ben Ripley's screenplay generally sticks to the rules it establishes until there's nowhere trippier to go except over the shark. By then, Source Code has entertained long enough - with not much running time left - to avert its own disaster.
Part of the fun of Duncan Jones's frequently clever sci-fi thriller is being as in-the-dark as the film's protagonist.
Source Code deliciously bites off more than it can chew. It is a science fiction thriller foremost, but runs a wide gamut of human emotion.
The star here is Jones, who manages to paper over most of the holes in Ben Ripley's script with pure adrenaline and keep us guessing - and enthralled - all the while.
An exciting and thoughtfully constructed sci-fi thriller.
It'll make your brain hurt (in a good way) trying to determine whether it all makes sense -- until it quite obviously and frustratingly doesn't make sense anymore.
Give credit to the dashing and romantic Gyllenhaal for keeping this effort (mostly) on track.
Relies on momentum to keep you hooked on a plot that loops back on itself like a Moebius strip. Don't think about it too much.
Ripley's intricate script and Jones's brisk direction invite us to climb aboard and enjoy the ride. But if you want to dig deeper, there is some serious stuff about a guy lost in fragments of time, groping towards a sense of his own identity.
A sharp and compelling mind-bender that goes easy on the gobbledygook.
Director Duncan Jones, whose last effort was the equally confounding Moon, just has a knack for this kind of cinematic mindgame.
Suspend disbelief and enjoy a sci-fi adventure and romance aboard a Chicago-bound train.
Can Jones do it again with a new main man and more money? It's a noble effort, but apparently lots of money and a heartthrob lead don't guarantee you a better product.
A propulsive ride worth your popcorn dollar, not for its preposterous genre tinkering but for its refreshingly humanist take on a high-concept gimmick.
Smart yet simple enough to work on several levels.
Source Code is what might happen if one cross-bred Groundhog Day with 24 and The Matrix.
An exciting, intellectually stimulating science-fiction thriller which also connects emotionally. Everyone involved earns a promotion to the premiership.
It's a crackerjack ride, shot and edited for maximum discombobulation.
Source Code has a velocity that helps alleviate nagging questions about the logic of this time-space conundrum.
[VIDEO] Here's the first great Hollywood action movie of the year.
Duncan Jones has done nothing to suggest that his successful debut was a one-off. This is more mainstream, granted, but it still has ideas and isn't afraid to explore them.
A clever, classy and affecting thriller that never goes off the rails.
Ben Ripley's script is less interested in its own technical apparatus than in the human condition itself - our desperate search for big answers and satisfying closure, and the mortality that both delimits and perhaps ennobles this very search.
Less introspective and ambitious than Jones' first film, but it's also more mainstream and accessible, in all the best ways.
2011′s action thriller to beat.
With a stronger ending Source Code could have been great; as it stands, it's still a thrilling entertainment destined for cult status.
Clever and quasi-intelligent...given the fairy tale premise.
Confounding, exhilarating, challenging--and the best movie I've seen so far in 2011.
A Hitchcockian thriller with a bit of Unstoppable and a little Unknown.
While Source Code is chugging along it's a terrifically entertaining puzzle movie. Let's not squander that by thinking too much.
Source Code showcases Jones' ability to provide ample entertainment value with sharply drawn characters in a minimalist setting.
It's fresh. It's novel. It's original, challenging, fun, and "deep" all at the same time.
Duncan Jones hits the sophomore slump with Source Code
This is a tale of mistaken identities and mysterious dames, strange agencies and impromptu heroics - an unabashed entertainment, moving, amusing, difficult to resist.
Intriguing if unbelievable sci-fi piece that quickens the pulse even if you don't completely buy into the set-up.
"Source Code," his second film, deserves to launch him into the ranks of filmmakers who are trusted with big idea popcorn material, smarter than average and populist in its appeal.
The film doesn't just drop red herrings. It beats up its red herrings.
The two appealing stars, Jake Gyllenhaal (in his best work to date) and Vera Farmiga (always good), elevate this intricately plotted, elegantly executed thriller-actioner way above its dramatic shortcomings.
Rock-solid science-fiction, conceptually brilliant and executed with tightly-wound precision.
A thinking man's sci-fi film with real mainstream appeal.
Solid execution and some provocative ideas can't save Source Code from a fatal hubris, as it thinks itself far more clever than it actually is and assumes it's earned emotions at which it's only hinted.
Where Moon was a marvel of restraint and working within limits, Source Code suffers from a scale no one seems able to control.
Quite deep and affecting on many levels with a premise that never gets dull or predictable or feels gimmicky.
Source Code's Groundhog Day meets Minority Report premise is definitely intriguing, but its gaps in logic and arbitrary rules about the source code ultimately do the film in.

@highlight

Finding the human story amidst the action, director Duncan Jones and charming Jake Gyllenhaal craft a smart, satisfying sci-fi thriller.