At its best, it might be said that such a cinematic cacophony approximates the noise of Manhattan itself; but so much seems to be overlapping in this film that a feeling of distraction threatens to dispel the emotion
Cinema-goers won't find much to dig their teeth into with this disappointing collection of shorts.
How easily you'll weather the film depends on your taste for poetic, obtuse cinema, often without too much of a rhyme or reason.
A variety of wry, sentimental, mildly erotic tales that come over as pieces O Henry might have submitted to Playboy.
The cinematography and editing is superb and makes up for any shortfalls with some of the stories, but the film's obvious draw will be its stellar ensemble cast.
If you've got a heart of treacle, an attention span of 15 minutes and can't afford the air fare then there are worse ways to spend a couple of hours.
Let's just stay friends.
This sequel to the superior Paris Je T'Aime is pleasant but inconsequential.
Is New York I Love You meant to be a love-letter to the Big Apple? As far as I could tell, it was a seething satire about the city's sleazy, vapid, self-involved stereotypes.
In truth, alas, it's the film itself that's short of ideas.
As with Paris, Je T'Aime (it's from the same producer, Emmanuel Benbihy), the sheer diversity of this portmanteau movie is both a curse and a blessing.
As with Paris, Je T'Aime, New York, I Love You works as both romance film and seductive travelogue, but some will find its 'arty' posturing more maddening than magical.
Even though each segment is rather wonderful in its own way, as a whole this feels like a side of New York that we've perhaps already seen on screen.
Director-ensemble films are never fantastic but New York, I Love You does have a few moments worth savouring.
If nothing else, it brilliantly captures the moods and tempo of New York: its vibrant pulse, its energy, its ethnic diversity, its clamorous excitement.
How can so many good directors -- Fatih Akin and Sheker Kapur among them -- miscalculate here?
Some of the actors are fine and some of the scripts buy into one New York cliché of inter-personal relations; a fast-talking, argumentative type of dialogue. Still, they're not going to do much with a line like: "This city is full of surprises, isn't it."
The spirit of inconsequential whimsy prevails throughout, with recurrent shots of traffic and the New York skyline helping blend different sensibilities into a multinational soup.
It's not hard to get excited about the cinematic potential of a series of short stories about romance set in the most famous city in the world... but the vignettes themselves veer wildly between light charm and severe pretension.
Most of these roughly eight-minute segments are instantly forgettable, despite the talent involved.
New York, I Love You is a mild and a guilty pleasure, but it's a pleasure nonetheless.
As a whole, this movie is a mediocre postcard you keep hoping will become the enthralling slide show it thinks it is.
Though all the stories may not appeal, it's hard not to be drawn to the talent involved.
Along the same lines as Paris je t'aime, the film is a collection of unrelated stories that are meshed together without rhyme or reason. Some of them work, some do not
A considerable effort by all has resulted in less than the sum of its parts
Some of the twelve short films are nice enough, some are shaky and a few are outright awful... [Blu-ray]
... for all the voices brought in to the project there's not much variety of style or story or even neighborhood, and very little effort to explore the variety of cultures...
The vignettes range from mildly humorous to relentlessly tedious, as the seemingly endless 'look at me' vanity procession drags its feet along to the credits.
Uma cidade - por mais charmosa que seja - é apenas um palco de concreto para que seus habitantes-personagens possam protagonizar dramas e comédias profunda e comoventemente humanos.
While many of the segments amuse, and rarely wear out their welcome (the average running time is eight minutes apiece), it rapidly becomes apparent that each of them has some kind of twist, like an O Henry short story.
how well it holds your attention may depend on your degree of occupation with the titular city (which in this case, isn't really the whole of New York, but mainly the semi-private island of Manhattan)...
Even if you're a post-World Series Yankees-hater, it's hard not to love the New York in New York, I Love You.
Each short ends with thoroughly telegraphed ironic twists. Sometimes the twist is that a star shows up at the end, as if we would be so shocked as to scream "oh my god, it's Christina Ricci!"
The whole thing stops and restarts itself so often, it feels longer than its 103-minute running time.
While some of the segments are well constructed, the overall quality is simply uneven, and the transitions between segments sometimes verge on the contrived.
It's a bit too arty, and a bit too cute, but it charms and cajoles with the pluck of a native New Yorker.
The project is lush and seductive as a whole, though some segments are especially vibrant.
Because so many of the segments are about young lovers, the standouts involve people past their prime.
Should have been called New York, I Sorta Kinda Like You but Only as a Friend, Okay?
This wretched mishmash of clichés and lazy scene-setting is as distressing for its lack of curiosity as for its smothering sweetness. It's a criminal waste of time.
Eleven short films exploring love, the ties that bind people together, and the manifold mysteries of human nature.
The film only feels like two or three different sort of approaches are represented. They don't really feel like widely different attacks on the material.
Marginally engaging and sporadically clever, but often rather slight, unimaginative and lacking an authentic vibe of New York City.
If this New York love letter follow-up to 'Paris j'taime' is successful expect another sequel. 'Cleveland, I Love You', anyone?
There is only one segment out of the entire series of shorts that I even liked... Everything else is soooo actor-y.
The city comes alive in all its glory, and even though I'd never in a million years want to leave Seattle after watching the movie I almost wanted to hop on a plane and get my own apartment right that very instant.
To see this film is to understand why it is better to have loved and maybe lost, as the cliché goes, than to have missed out on the messy exhilaration of it all
The characters are all more or less useless, inhabiting the frivolous tippy-top of Maslow's pyramid of needs, with little sense that there's anyone essential at the bottom. It's fun, but decadent.
Where's the ethnic diversity? The cultural overflow? The dirt, the chaos, the cramped quarters, the people who look like us, rather than movie stars?
Even the more predictable prove pleasurable.
Not every story is cliche, of course, just as not all are bad, but the rotten apples have a tendency to spoil the bunch.
Sometimes-edgy shorts collection captures Big Apple's verve.
But in spite of some attempts at human and neighborhood variety, the stories have a self-conscious sameness, as if they were classroom assignments in an undergraduate fiction-writing class.
Any longtime Gothamite might have come up with New York stories more emblematic than the marginal ones offered here.
Collectively they sum of the parts is not better than any given part, but axioms are a bore, and these parts hold their own just fine -- mostly.
The result is a curiously bland hodgepodge -- not terribly evocative of such a famous place, and not all that inspiring in the connections it depicts.
Not quite as wonderful as "Pari, je t'aime," but still one of my favorite movies of 2009.
New York, I Love You is so bad it made me think about moving to Detroit instead.
Yknow a collection of Gotham-themed shorts by international directors is in serious trouble when the most entertaining segment is directed by Hollywood uber-hack Brett Ratner.
Only occasionally entertaining and really only clicks to life when people who know a thing or two about the city are on screen. Most of the time, it's more boring than an average conversation in Times Square.
Some films accumulate power as they go on. A film like New York, I Love You stops and starts without accruing much of anything.
You know that you are in a really bad omnibus film when it turns out that Brett Ratner's contribution is actually one of the better ones on display.
If you're not a stickler for consistency, this is an effective pastiche and tribute to one of the world's most enticing cities.
What's remarkable here is the consistency of the mediocrity, the uniform fraudulence of the minipremises, the reliable awkwardness of such almost-English lines as "Your eyes would suffice to give tired men hope."
..worth the effort for the four pieces called out - Nair's is deep and playful at the same time, Attal's very well written and acted. Hughes' is perhaps the best example of the theme...while Akin's is the most visually inventive and mysterious
As with any such project, some of the films are better than others, but most of the entries in New York, I Love You are very good indeed.
How could so ethnically and artistically diverse a field of filmmakers produce a work of such lifeless uniformity?
The result is a dinner of appetizers that are individually tasty, if not completely satisfying.
Inconsistency is the curse of the anthology film, but the entries in the omnibus New York, I Love You are united by their near-total lack of interest.
one more cultural artifact lost in translation
The result, as is always the case with short story collections, is a mixed bag, although unlike Paris Je T'Aime, the duds outnumber the winners this time.
This love letter to the Big Apple has more than its share of worms.
New York, I Love You weaves 10 short, trivial vignettes into one long, irritating whole.
Inevitably, the film is a jumble sale, but you can make some nice discoveries.
Despite a feeble interlinking plot and some contrived serendipity and irony, most of these tales of con men, artists, losers, and lovers come off as acting and screenwriting exercises.
Most of the segments are too short and slight to be considered more than inconsequential. They pass and are easily forgotten, although many of them boast O. Henry-style twist endings.
These tales are as highly designed as fashion layouts. But they're as relaxing to thumb through as those NYT Magazine trend pieces...
The most effective entries -- bring both bitter and sweet to their snapshots of this city's most cherished and elusive quality: intimacy.
Each director had a deadline of two days to complete his segment. The result is every bit as truncated and zigzaggy as you might imagine. The whole thing looks like it was edited with pinking shears.
If at first you partially succeed, repeat the formula.
Like the city it honors, a jumbled, chaotic affair -- full of seduction, brio, contradiction and a pinch of pretentiousness. A mixed bag, sure, but the good news is there's something here for everyone.
This collage of vignettes breathes life into New York's edgy lovers.
Sharply uneven and inferior to Paris je t'aime, on which it is modeled, this bland anthology lacks the gritty, insightful, multi-ethnic elements found in the quintessentially New York movies of Lumet, Scorsese, Woody Allen and Spike Lee.
Predictably, not all of these 11 short films fully connect, but after a few early duds, New York's stronger sequences present themselves, making this an affair to remember if not quite cherish.
A watchable albeit bland look at some of the eccentricities among New York's diverse population.
The results are, well, formulaic, hobbled by weak dialogue and absent any sense of texture.












@highlight

Like many anthologies, New York, I Love You has problems of consistency, but it isn't without its moments.