Kurosawa doesn't rely on gore or violence to make his specters haunting, but on their inhumanness and otherworldliness.
Pulse takes the idea that personal computers and the Internet isolate, rather than connect, people and uses it as the jumping-off point for a devastating portrait of mankind gripped by depression spun from a supernatural conspiracy.
"Pulse" is the kind of horror movie that genre fans should see at least once. Allow yourself plenty of time and patience. You'll need it.
Arrow Video releases writer/director Kiyoshi Kurosawa's 2001 classic "Pulse" for the first time on blu-ray. Kurosawa's films embed social criticism within genre and his "Pulse" is a prescient metaphor for the alienating effect of Internet connectedness.
Not just the scariest sample of J-horror I've yet seen, but also the most profound
It's scary, it's depressing, it's engrossing, and it's good.
in the labyrinthine fabric of Pulse, different characters must all, one by one, confront their own isolation, insignificance and deepest, darkest despair.
Some find it pulse-pounding, while others might be so bored they will have to check to make sure they still have a pulse by the time it's all over.
Where the average Japanese horror flick is petulant and nasty, Pulse is dolorous, shivery, and surreal.
(The remake) looks like it will hit the right notes, especially for American horror fans. But I don't think it will hear the mournful music of the original.
Pulse's craft as a dread-fest is superb.
Even the technology, employed to aesthetic end, creates less a sense of visual poetics than of out-of-date-ness.
It's an apocalyptic ghost story with some eerie images and a surprising turn toward the end, but it bogs down considerably between the good scenes.
Pulse is emptied and perplexing at trying length.
Kurosawa... scares the bejeezus out of us.
It's not about blood, gore and oozing innards but unsettling creepiness that gets under a moviegoer's skin and makes the hairs stand up on the back of your neck.
The second half of Pulse, in which it becomes clear that the entire planet is being rather swiftly depopulated, is worth the build-up.
...genuinely creepy in a slow and steady way.
Still creepier than any of your other '05 slash-by-number horror films.
Kurosawa... fills the film with an eerie emptiness, where suicides erupt out of nowhere and mankind dissolves in an oily smudge of hopelessness...
While it's rattling your nerves, Pulse leaves your brain wanting more.
It's best just to give yourself over to its dizzy dreaminess and abstract analysis of the persistent, beckoning throb of the digital underground.
By the end of Pulse the world seemed a whole lot creepier place. I'm pretty sure that means it worked.
Kurosawa's concept of an instant-messenger-aided apocalypse is honestly one of the eeriest, most lyrical visions I've ever seen on a screen.
You may go home and throw out your computer and lock the doors.
You hate to call a ghost movie haunting, but there it is. It sticks around and rattles.
Kurosawa ... brings a true philosopher's existential eye and a born dramatist's emotional integrity to a much-degraded genre.
Whether you take it as horror show or social commentary (or both), this is sublimely terrifying stuff.
Did I mention that nothing in the two snail-paced hours of Pulse makes close to a shred of sense?
Pulse possesses the dark art to make your pulse pound and your hair stand on end -- with no cheating.
Horror... as an obscure premonition of digital destiny.
This is a breathtaking, thoroughly crafted piece of near-perfect filmmaking that's scarier than bloody hell.
Even though Kiyoshi Kurosawa's influential Japanese horror film captured a particular mood when he made it in 2000, its late arrival here is likely to elicit jaded yawns.
As a meditation on technology and isolation, it'll definitely get your pulse racing.
If you don't believe in ghosts, or the baleful influence of the Internet, or websites that can turn on unplugged computers, you might regard Pulse with skepticism.
Spooky stuff indeed, and well worth catching even for those that think they're tired of the J-horror invasion.
Kurosawa places his scary story in the context of intellectual conflict. In the case of Pulse, it's a Cartesian argument, but one with which Kurosawa is careful not to get too bogged down while scaring the bejesus out of his audience.
If one masterpiece were to emerge from the recent glut of generally good-quality Japanese horror movies, this chilling apocalyptic ghost story from Kyroshi Kurosawa is it.
There are very few moments in Kiyoshi Kurosawa's fiercely original, thrillingly creepy horror movie that don't evoke a dreamlike dread of the truly unknown.
You'll never think of your computer in the same way.
The all-encompassing atmosphere of gloom and doom creeps under one's skin with sinister subtlety.
At least half an hour too long at 119 minutes, the movie allows almost everything to happen at least twice.
There is little in 'Pulse' beyond running around the germ of an idea.
Not only is this one of the best of the recent Asian examples of the fright flick, but it's one of the best movies about individual isolation and loneliness ever made.
With brooding visuals and a thematically charged text, Kairo warns against the destructive, dehumanizing power of the internet.
During a Kiyoshi Kurosawa film, one sits in anticipation of the horrors lingering just outside the frame.
Intriguing concept marred by the film's evasiveness.
Pulse may be just as effective an exploration of the nature of loneliness and isolation in Japanese society as any number of documentaries on the subject.
The director of CURE brings a weird and very complex concept to the screen. One viewing will not be enough to understand fully the premise of PULSE. The idea is something about ghosts and the Internet. The film has an amazing apocalyptic style.
The film's calculated elusiveness has the effect of distancing us from the story.
Brings some of the creepiest imagery yet seen to bear on the question of how ghosts might manifest themselves before the living.



@highlight

A sinister spine-tingling techno-thriller whose artistry lies in the power of suggestion rather than a barrage of blood and guts or horror shop special effects.