Admittedly amusing fish-out-of-water moments are nothing compared to what the boys face as they try to adapt to a wildly foreign culture.
It's an uplifting last act, though not one that comes with solutions to an Africa that seems to cough up one genocide after another. Personal redemption and hope aren't a cure-all, but they do shine a light in the darkness.
The Lost Boys' gratitude for simple things will humble those of us accustomed to comfort and opportunity. Their endurance, ambition, and compassion should inspire us.
Too often with documentaries, we get only the tears. There is no second act or resolution. Christopher Quinn's God Grew Tired of Us gives us reason to hope about a human catastrophe.
A thought-provoking film likely to make moviegoers question their own paths in life even as it involves them in the lives of several of the 'Lost Boys' of Sudan...
The film is not a pity party, it's a story of resilient people bearing up under conditions few of us could imagine.
God Grew Tired of Us is a better film than Lost Boys of Sudan, focusing on details of the men's lives and shifting fluidly between three distinct "characters": John, Daniel and Panther.
The film's subjects display impressive adaptability, as well as a desire not to forget those they've left behind. The emotional high point is a miraculous reunion between one of the 'Lost Boys' and the mother he'd had no contact with for 17 years.
Not as good, nor as complex, as The Lost Boys, but that doesn't make the story of mass annihilation, sprawling refugee camps, the generosity of Americans, and the resilience of a handful of Sudanese survivors any less worthy of telling -- again.
It deflates upon arriving in the vast, familiar blandness we know as America.
Christopher Quinn and Tommy Walker made this fine and never simply pleading film, its moving subjects including tall, gentle, tireless, prayerful and humane John Bul Dau.
In an age where xenophobia is rife, God Grew Tired of Us presents the opposite side of the coin.
A beautiful documentary, deserving of its Sundance Grand Jury Prize and Audience Awards.
Not quite intimate, the film can only hint at its subjects' depths of pain and strength, inviting them to remember and observing as they grapple with the perversities of life in the States.
[A] simple and direct documentary.
There's no way to not like [John] Dau. Or for that matter, God Grew Tired of Us.
Satisfying enough to demonstrate that some stories deserve to be told more than once.
Their journey isn't over -- many in Africa still desperately need help -- but the hope and opportunities America offers are a grand place to start.
The film affirms that if it is possible to survive when you have lost your home, family, and country, it is possible to start over and prevail.
About the untold ways in which males can and have nurtured one another in ways that build and create a sense of family and community.
If you've seen Lost Boys Of Sudan, much of this will seem familiar. It's basically different boys and a little star-power backing. If you haven't seen their story, it's worth a look.
Can there really be no footage of their uncertainty, anger at unfriendly Americans, even an embrace of bad habits?
This moving documentary by Christopher Quinn vividly contrasts the material hunger of the third world (on the plane trip over the men devour the condiments included with their airline meal) and the spiritual starvation of the first world.
The sobering portrait is a rather conventional production that moves on to the next bullet point with an efficiency in place of exploration.
I appreciate writer/director Quinn's four year effort in telling their story, making this a decent companion piece to the 2003 doc [Lost Boys of Sudan]
The importance of the material and Quinn's approach to it allow God Grew Tired of Us to transcend its pedestrian cinematic virtues.
God may be tired of us, but if these men's lives are any indication, he certainly isn't finished with us.
A documentary to make you proud of what America offers to the rest of the world and worried that it can't keep its promises.
It is a story worth telling over and over.
An inspiring documentary, proving that the American Dream is still alive and that the human spirit is, indeed, indomitable.
Three Sudanese men struggle to adjust to life in the United States -- from their perspective, a very strange place -- in this affecting and well-made culture-shock documentary.
What does it say about the American society we've created that it makes war-scarred visitors miss their refugee camp?
An inspiring documentary about three immigrants from the Sudan and their strong connection to their African roots and values.
While it is emotionally and spiritually satisfying, its optimistic point of view avoids harder truths it might have explored.
[An] affecting and engaging film.
It's worth seeing simply for the reunion between one of the men, a lovely spirit named John Bul Dau, and his long-separated mother.
Their optimism and persistence is moving on a supremely human level, and much more a than gut-check to anyone who's lost perspective on their own fortune.
A slicker, more upbeat, celebrity driven telling of the same story presented in 2004's Lost Boys of Sudan.
A funny, squishy, yet painfully honest film that is a delight to watch.
Given the growing violence and genocide in Sudan, the film's release is opportune, but the movie itself is not as effective as an account of assimilation or dislocation.
Two unimaginable journeys become more than imaginable in God Grew Tired Of Us, a documentary by Christopher Quinn and Tommy Walker -- the movie makes them vivid and memorable. This is a film that adds to our understanding of human nature.
A powerfully inspirational tale of survival told by men who were at one time convinced that God had simply grown tired of them, but who have since found a new, wholly unexpected life on the other side of the world.
The three men profiled in this insightful documentary are unforgettable, and so is the film. Sudan has been much in the news. God Grew Tired of Us personalizes it and puts a human face on the catastrophe.
God Grew Tired of Us doesn't add much to this twice-told story. Still, just a few months after the cruelties of Borat, it's instructive to see again how truly foreign America is to much of the world.
There are surprising comic elements to this well-drawn and involving portrait of a group of 'Lost Boys,' the term for the thousands of Christian Sudanese refugees who were chased out of that country by murderous squads of Muslims starting in the 1980s.
Narrated by Nicole Kidman, this poignant documentary tells only half the story of three Sudanese 'lost boys' who emigrate to America. Though it doesn't delve as deep as it should, this movie will still break your heart.
God Grew Tired of Us cares more about hope than it does full disclosure, and it goes about that agenda pretty expertly. It's emotional and smart.
Sending help does seem to be the primary purpose of God Grew Tired Of Us, which at worst plays like surface-level propaganda, however touching and persuasive its message turns out to be.
Relegated to an 83-minute wrap up that only briefly grazes the problems and negative effects of cultural displacement.
By focusing on these hardworking and eloquent young men, the film brings into clear light the indefatigability of the human spirit.
God Grew Tired of Us adopts a low-key observational style that takes us through the protagonists' adventures from their point of view, though the filmmakers can't help registering locals' amazed reactions to their new neighbors.
Nicole Kidman's minimal narration is effective but unnecessary here, for this true-life story is told by the three English-speaking participants.
God Grew Tired of Us is a sober, uplifting documentary that follows the resettlement in the United States of three young men uprooted as children by the civil war in Sudan.
The movie manages to be an elegantly rendered portrait of the refugees' uneasy, but dogged engagement of American possibility, braced by an equally dogged plea to acknowledge the horrible conflict that still keeps them from returning home.
A slickly made, emotionally powerful documentary.
This is an important film. It's amazing that it exists, and the events it recounts are still more amazing. Everybody should see it.
If nobility was the measure of quality in documentary films, then dozens of them would be Sundance prize-winners -- just like this extra-virtuous, dramatically undernourished portrait of the agony of exile.
At the very least, it's a powerful film.
It's only a slight exaggeration to say that God Grew Tired of Us, winner of two documentary prizes at last year's Sundance, is another Hollywood gloss on human tragedy.
I've heard of remakes before, but this is the first remake of a documentary I can recall.
Visually stunning and contextually provocative.
Amid all the cynicism, the barbs directed by the world at America, how refreshing it is to see our country standing up for our true ideals!
This docu avoids so many pitfalls that you have to admire the subjects' courage and directors' approach: It's emotional without being sentimental (as most kids pics are), factual but not manipulative, and it earns its inspiration sans being earnest.
Sometimes, despite the problems we start and the problems we refuse to stop, America really is okay. And often, it's much more.
It's a portrait of both suffering and success, and one that the directors refuse to gussy up in overly sentimental or derisive ways.
Quinn's is a gorgeous looking film, briskly paced and well-edited, perhaps too well-edited.
An incredibly powerful story of renewal, commitment and the resiliency of the human spirit.




@highlight

Not just a powerful telling of the journey of exiled Sudanese boys, God Grew Tired of Us is also a poignant account of the determination of the human spirit.