A pretty hollow movie that wants to be more than just a superhero movie and showcase its characters because they are the most popular comic book characters of all time.
The results are shocking, at times borderline sadistic but effective. Like the musical score, which resembles a chorus of anvils, Batman v Superman pummels the audience into submission.
WHen this movie is good, it is really, really good...but man, when it is not? Brace yourself. This movie suffers from fighting with itself for screen time.
It wants us to believe it's trafficking in topical notions of politics, religion, and moral ambiguity, but its main currency is our contemporary penchant for hip and affected pessimism.
It wasn't as bad as I thought it was going to be, but it was pretty bad.
The movie is a colossal letdown on almost every front, but in some ways, it was to be expected considering the magnitude of what DC and Warner Bros. wanted to accomplish only two films into their shared universe
Zack Snyder is not a subtle director. An understatement, I know. But it's more obvious than ever here.
As the pair pound away at each other, it's the hapless viewer who's left begging for mercy, battered into submission by Snyder's overbearing direction and Hans Zimmer's bombastic score.
By the time Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice concludes, don't be surprised if you're cranky and exhausted from its hectic, tumultuous conclusion.
Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice is recommended only so you can end the almost three-year long wait to find out what happens in the epic collision, but unfortunately for nothing more than that.
It flits to and fro between them, often at dizzying speed, in a way that for a long time is quite enjoyable and yet always carried the danger that my head might explode. Batman... Superman... Batman... Superman... Lex Luthor!
Batman v Superman is not the franchise jump-starter anyone wanted. It's poison in the Justice League well.
Go for the Affleck, stay for the Gadot.
It's exactly what you're expecting, but longer, louder, and with an almost unfathomable amount of digitally created violence.
At two-and-a-half hours, the film features Wayne and Kent mostly glowering at each other at swanky high-rise parties as the rabble teems below.
It is without question an important film today, and a quintessential product of the America we inhabit.
Ultimately, Batman v. Superman is a film with no real reason for being, other than to usher in the next round of DC Universe films, and to provide a bunch of explosions.
Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice is such a bleak, disorienting and incoherent mess that despite the few promising moments that sporadically appear, it's nearly impossible to enjoy.
There is much to claw through here, so much so that the audience might easily find themselves exhausted from the overall aggression of the film. However, a lot of the story does work. The action is good, and the emotion feels real most of the time.
Batman Vs. Superman: Dawn of Justice is not so much a movie as it is an extended warning: You comic book movie fans better like this, because there's going to be a hell of a lot more where this came from.
The script BvS is guaranteed to make people stop complaining about the sloppiness of the third act of Spectre.
Snyder knows how to paint a picture but perhaps needs to stay away from the writing process. Watch the Ultimate Edition when you can, and see if it changes how you feel about the movie. It sure did me.
It seems amazing that something as idiotic as Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice could now even get beyond the pitching stage.
This film isn't as bad as the initial backlash would imply but nor is it anywhere near as good as its own hype promised.
Remember when comic book movies were fun? Well, you'll have to use your memory because there's not much fun to be found in Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice.
By the end of the film's near-unwatchable final battle, any hope of nuance or intentional subtext had been snuffed out by hours of ugly CGI and pulverized debris.
The movie is too long. Too much story contains too little humanity or drama. Too many things happen far too often for the really big things to register with an audience when they're filing out of the theater.
For all the film's noise, and thrumming violence, it's pretty hard to care very much about either principal hero.
As this uneven film grinds to an end, it sets itself up for more shenanigans in more episodes with more super heroes.
Snyder has brought a different edge to the superhero genre, one that questions what drives these men of steel and creatures of the night to do what they do and believe what they believe. There is something to admire in that.
While not the worst superhero comic book adventure ever to grace the multiplex, it's likely the most frustratingly disappointing.
Batman v. Superman: Dawn of Justice pits the two titans against each other with beautiful visuals, too many characters, and a borderline nonsensical plot.
The smartest thing about Zach Snyder's Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice (2016) is its revisionist take on the destruction that concluded his Superman reboot Man of Steel.
The superhero world needed better storytelling, a comic touch and more than a few rays of sunshine. The story is crippled by special effects from start to finish.
Wildly overstuffed and oddly slapdash, filled with characters and sequences that serve little purpose other than to set up a 'cinematic universe.'
It wants to be a lot of things, and it keeps on falling short; but it's not afraid to go Very Big in its attempts to return to the idea of superheroes as modern mythology.
I wish I could tell you more, but honestly it's all just a blur of pretentious speeches about what lurks in the hearts of men and noisy fight scenes and nonsensical dream sequences.
Snyder's gone all drab and dire, determined to lay siege to our senses (and plot). There's so much glowering, gloominess and good-ness talk that it's hard to imagine the sun, or justice, ever dawning for this disastrous cavalcade of dreary characters.
All of the uber-muscled, color-drained visual and aural bombast in the world can't hide the ugly truth about Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice. It's dumb as bricks.
A movie that beats you into submission and makes you wonder if the sun will ever come out again.
It's hard to imagine a big-budget film worse than Avengers Age of Ultron or even Gods of Egypt - there, it's been said - but Batman vs Superman has the dubious distinction of showing utter contempt for its audience and wearing that contempt on its sleeve.
Again a studio stands on the precipice of a layered marketing plan, and again the movie its sky castle is built on is every bit as hollow and empty-headed as an action figure.
I have a long list of things that made me very angry about Batman vs. Superman: Dawn of Justice, which in no particular order looks something like this : Superman's character behaving like a petulant teenager... The anticlimactic climactic moment.
Batman v Superman is a step forward for the studio and it promises great things to come from DC. [Full review in Spanish]
The conflict between the title characters is really, really hard to buy into and the screenplay drags it out as long as possible.
Over two-and-a-half hours, it stumbles its way through what feels like at least three different movies with clumsy tonal shifts and an entirely confused, barely-existent plot.
In the end, fear and insecurity impeded a new superhero cinema to be born. [Full Review in Spanish]
The film is not as unfortunate as some say and is not as bright as others would. [Full review in Spanish]
Warner Bros. needs their piece of the superhero movie cake and the only way they seemed to think they could get it it with a movie stuffed with famous characters even if the story can barely hold itself. [Full review in Spanish]
Batman v Superman could have been better, with a more centered script and more elaborated characters, but this is all we have. [Full review in Spanish]
It is too much, and it is not enough. In short: Nobody wins.
As self-important as it is tedious...
The plot is absurd, its soundtrack exaggerated and the overall presentation is saturated with effects. [Full review in Spanish]
The conflict between heroes is too thin and is never explored and doesn't come to a satisfactory ending. [Full review in Spanish]
All this gloom and doom is just the pits.
If a filmmaker attempted to combine everything casual moviegoers don't like about superhero franchises, they couldn't come up with a picture as execrable as this one.
A momentum-less ode to uncreative people everywhere that torches two of pop culture's greatest characters and uses their ashes as a urinal cake.
You take the good. You take the bad. You take them both and there you have a Zack Snyder film. It's par for the course for anyone who's followed his films. A little pleasantry and a little frustration mixed together.
The most expensive prank ever committed to film.
Basically, this is a little over half an hour of good action scenes framed by two hours of narrative nonsense.
The film's only other notable ingredients, sadly, are the most rumbling soundtrack since Earthquake, a lot of jaw grinding by Ben Affleck, some narrative confusion remarkable even by director Zack Snyder's standards, and... hours and hours of your time.
Extraordinarily muddled and boring.
A shameless attempt at trying to catch up to Marvel, wasting an interesting premise and turning it into a generic action film. [Full review in Spanish]
An epic about two emotionally stunted people trading glowers while the world burns.
In this age of petty Marvels, most comic-book movies merely perpetrate fantasies of power, but Snyder, enacting his personal aesthetic, braves a film that examines those fantasies. He boldly challenges popular culture's current decay.
As a superhero flick, it's shockingly joyless and overlong, with the two iconic crimefighters presented as angry, cranky, easily manipulated men in tights.
To be fooled into believing what we see on screen is part of the cinematic experience and Snyder has failed to fool us. [Full review in Spanish]
A beautiful shell with nothing inside. [Full review in Spanish]
Basically a long, tedious and angry teaser for what DC has in store for the future, and by the looks of it, it will be dark, gritty and poorly acted. [Full review in Spanish]
Snyder keeps his stylle but he also seems more controlled, it seems the director paid attention to the criticism he received on the catastophic ending of his last DC venture. [Full review in Spanish]
Batman v Superman is a lunking, clumsy, beautiful and thrilling behemoth of a film. The faults are there for all to see. But so are the good points.
The result is ugly in every sense of the word -- grimy, incoherent and a stupefying bore; everybody looks like they need a bath and the movie is as drained of fun as it is of light and color.
Unfortunately, director Zach Snyder's scattershot, overly complicated and hugely drawn-out exposition depletes the story of all its fun and power, reducing his leads to impotent cranks.
The film is so big and loud that it can't help but feel bloated, especially since so much of what's on screen feels rather vacuous. But it looks amazing and is relentlessly gripping.
Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice is a profoundly dissatisfying film.
Batman threatened by Superman? Affleck never gets into the character but gets all the close-ups. Eisenberg needs a new acting style and Alfred hates his employer.
Batman v Superman is a hot, steaming heap of trash.
Really?
It is the job of the modern superhero movie to explore at extravagant length and in morose detail the burden rather than the bliss of being one of the saviours of mankind, self-appointed or otherwise.
A film that should be more dynamic and practical than poetic and metaphoric. [Full review in Spanish]
This thing is atrocious.
Overblown and over-long as it is, the film sets up the series to come with a sure sense of its aficionados' wants and needs. It's the perfect launch pad.
Too competent to be universally panned, too disjointed to be universally praised, too anticipated to be a new revelation, too beloved in subject to be easily dismissed, the film will be one people either passionately love or passionately hate.
The film is not the mess some have led us to believe, but it's also not as good as it could've been. [Full review in Spanish]
Above all of it's flaws, what works in Batman v Superman is enough to please the less demanding audiences. [Full review in Spanish]
I was at least hoping for a grand, jaw-dropping folly (like Snyder's 2011 Sucker Punch), but got something far more ordinary.
Yes, it's flashy and forgettable, but one truth is self-evident: DC comic book movies make money. Scowling superheroes rule!
Production alone isn't enough to carry a film.
The movie aspires to be real, groundbreaking, and important in a way that can only recall Will Arnett's Batman in The Lego Movie, a film with more wit, fewer "it was only a dream" montages of gloom, and, truth be told, more believable special effects.
Discounting its unevenness, the film's greatest flaw is its lack of tangible stakes, particularly given the subject matter.
With the chore "Batman v Superman" inevitably becomes, I have little faith the actual "Justice League" film will be any better.
The forced script by Chris Terrio and David S. Goyer doesn't offer any depth or motivation as to why these characters should go at each other. [Full review in Spanish]
Snyder's film is an irregular mosaic that is losing fuel as is entangled in its own contradictions. [Full review in Spanish]
The film is so focused on establishing its protagonists as the faces of the DC Universe that it ends up sucking all the joy and fun out of what, as a standalone film, should have been an epic movie event.
It's tedious. Except when it's laughable.
Like a movie from the world of Watchmen: cold, cruel, borderline incoherent in its testosterone-fueled rage, misogynist, paternalistic... fascist, even.
There's a lot going on screen, but somehow nothing keeps you from getting bored. [Full review in Spanish]
While the superhero films of Christopher Nolan carefully established their own coherent world and remained faithful to it, Mr Snyder's saga loses control of its various sub-plots early on and descends into chaos.
Director Zack Snyder teams up with writer David S Goyer to deliver what is a huge, ambitious and action-packed film.
not nearly as bad as some critics have made it out to be, but it nevertheless fails to achieve the kind of pop-mythic grandeur for which it was destined
There's a modicum of depth in the new superhero drama. Unfortunately, it's buried underneath a grim façade and an unrepentant reliance on loud fight sequences.
Full of loud misery and fiery battle, the film is a derivative of its genre and other filmic elements
Operatic and loaded with potential, this overloud, overlong fantasy with mega-stunts fit for the superheroes at its centre is a mess: an onslaught of too much, too often and for too long
"Batman V Superman: Dawn of Justice" takes an inordinate amount of time setting up the story --- and getting to the good part.
The film generates zero tension from what is implicitly marketed as a seismic battle of super heroes.
There's a good movie inside this one somewhere, but it would take a talented and ruthless editor to find it.
Big, bruising and more than a little bizarre. Mostly in a good way.
There is enough going on in Batman v Superman to fill a dozen films.
Director Zack Snyder has blown it.
For all its overcranked spectacle, I emerged from Batman v Superman in a soporific state; foggy of head, heavy of heart, wondering if it was all just a bad dream.
...just another incompetent endeavor from an almost shockingly untalented filmmaker.
Dawn of Justice's aim of reshaping our image and understanding of Batman is squandered under the weight of its incoherent and undisciplined narrative.
Worst of all is this: there's not an ounce of fun to be found in the film's entire two and half hours (Splice Today)
I wouldn't quite call it a "good" movie, nor would I be able to quite recommend it to anyone but the true believers. To be sure, it's a mess, but it's often a fascinating mess. It's also the most nihilistic superhero picture I've ever seen.
Watching "Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice," one thing is clear: Director Zack Snyder loves sparks. They're emanating from everywhere -- everywhere, that is, except his hapless story about superheroes missing their mommies.
Let's face it, Christian Bale's Batman was going to be a hard act for any actor to follow.
Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice isn't in any way a perfect comic book movie, but it has enough going for it that will make fans happy.
Their first big-screen pairing is a hot mess, with too many storylines to get through to enjoy the elaborate production design or even figure out how we're supposed to feel.
If Christopher Reeve were alive he'd be suing for character libel.
Dour, disappointing and shockingly incoherent.
bloviated pretension
Batman v. Superman: Dawn of Justice isn't going to please everyone, but it certainly achieved what it was aiming for in this bout.
World's Finest Mess.
Beyond Wonder Woman's arrival, you've basically seen it all before.
While the actors and the show are worth of a superhero film, it sacrifices the humanity of the characters and drowns in endless videogame sequences that ultimately leave us an emptiness and without amazement. Totally numb. [Full review in Spanish]
This film has many flaws, rubbish villains, exaggerated visual effects, many gaps in its story, but has enough achievements to become something worth seeing. [Full Review in Spanish]
Overcharged in its ideas, visually impeccable, this battle is not able to be epic. Part of its kryptonite is the long duration and a script that wants to cover a lot but doesn't. [Full review in Spanish]
Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice provides celebration and euphoric material, especially for fans of the graphic novels that serve as inspiration. It delivers a story with flaws and an uneven development for its characters. [Full review in Spanish]
A well made film in many aspects, but very flawed. [Full Review in Spanish]
When was it decided superhero movies shouldn't be any fun?
Conjures a post-9/11 pre-apocalypse in which dreams, visions, memories, pop culture and history overlap.
The flawed 'Batman V Superman: Dawn of Justice' is at least interesting enough to keep dusk from falling on the Justice League.
Batman v Superman is a tiresome, ill-tempered film, and one too lazy even to earn its dismal outlook.
'Dawn of Justice' is a test of will and of stamina.
Bam! CGI defeats 'Batman v Superman.'
One of the worst superhero movies ever made. It is worse than Batman & Robin. It is worse than Catwoman. It is worse than last summer's Fantastic Four. A lugubrious experience that squanders every ounce of promise.
They're like two celebrities having a Twitter fight, and while some of it is written with humour, most of it feels leaden - not just because the writing is monotonously earnest, but neither lead is capable of pulling it off the page and making it bounce.
Enjoyable, if a bit uneven.
When in doubt, [Snyder] simply slings another ingredient into the mix, be it an irradiated monster, an explosion on government premises, or the sharp smack of masonry on skull.
I wouldn't mind if these guys were dour depressives or psychopathic murderers as long as they didn't spend ten minutes talking about it first.
This is a high-quality superhero movie for adults, which is a pleasant, almost superhuman, development.
Impressive as it is in scale, Batman v Superman is exhausting. Snyder wants you to feel the pain when the two heroes are clobbering each other, and you will. If that's what you crave from movies, have at it.
I found myself thinking horrid, unspeakable thoughts during the screening. Thoughts like, 'come back Joel Schumacher, all is forgiven!' and 'maybe David Hasselhoff's Nick Fury wasn't so bad.' What kind of superhero movie DOES THAT to a man?
[I] really wanted this to work both on its own and as the real launch of a series of DC Comics-based movies akin to Marvel's cinematic universe. But yes, I was that disappointed. This film is an artistic failure on almost every level.
Everything is shrouded in a kind of black sludge, and frankly, it's depressing. Even the would-be iconic meeting of Superman, Batman and Wonder Woman looks like it was ground out from an old Xerox copier.
Promising but overlong superhero mash-up is dark, violent.
There's no joy here, no wonder or spectacle, just a relentlessly grim and intense grind that can't stop reminding you how grim and intense it is.
Batman V Superman is DC's Iron Man 2 - an okay movie that prioritizes shared universe setup over developing a coherent story and layered characters.
The sandbox they are given to romp around in is stupid, stupid stupid.
While the battle scenes are spectacular, the special effect I suspect will most appeal to the film's target audience - 15-year-old males - is Amy Adams in her bathtub, performing a PG-13 homage to Gypsy Rose Lee.
Now don't worry, we're not dealing with a travesty of Michael Bay proportions here. There is still plenty to be impressed with if you're a fan of things blowing up and people punching each other.
A boring, confused film swollen with self-importance.
The director has a knack for constructing cool moments, but consistently fails to tie them together cohesively. He has neat ideas, but has trouble executing them.
They should have got Perry White to go through the script with his blue pencil.
The movie does have a few brief, bright spots, and the actual 20-minute battle between Batman and Superman offers some enjoyment. But overall, this film should have been way more satisfying.
The bottom line on Batman v Superman, then, is that it is an entertaining but flawed step up from "Man of Steel," and is a dark, action-packed setup for future Justice League films.
Yes, it's always nice to see actors of the caliber of Holly Hunter (as a skeptical judge) and Jeremy Irons (as Alfred the butler) get to do something-anything!-in these big splashy movies, but human presence here feels surplus to requirements.
Zack Snyder's production company is called Cruel and Unusual Films. Anything I say from this point on is probably redundant, but here we are.
How do you solve the problem of Superman? It's a hurdle that not even the producers of "Batman v Superman" can leap in a single bound.
Batman v Superman is just good enough to keep the DC Comics movie plans on track. Barely.
Not a total fiasco. When Gal Gadot's Wonder Woman finally leaps into the fray, deep into the picture's second half, she more than passes the audition.
Snyder creates a series of bigger explosions and greater "inescapable" scenarios which works itself to absurdity until the audience, not the villain, is beaten into submission.
A super slog through empty scenes, boring performances, nonexistent storytelling, and constant questions about motivations.
After 2-1/2 hours of sitting through relentless CGI violent visuals and deafening sound effects, I was exhausted.
RIDDLE me this: how do you put three of the greatest comic book superheroes of all time into one big-budget movie and still make a mess of it?
The movie has a bullying, hostile tone that comes through in the surly performances, a callous indifference to innocents killed and the general philosophical disposition of a teenager who just discovered Nietzsche after being grounded.
Director Zach Snyder delivers an intense epic tale of DC Comics greatest heroes. Ben Affleck owns Batman and despite a long winded and flawed third act, a superb introduction into the DC Universe. See it in IMAX!
It's like putting your head in a beehive for two and a half hours.
...the climactic battle(s) go on a bit long, although Cavill has grown comfortable since Man of Steel and Affleck successfully takes over from Christian Bale.
Truthfully, despite all my grievances, I rather liked BVS. Unlike nearly all of the Marvel movies, it feels like the work of an actual filmmaker instead of a glorified television production.
Absolutely, positively brilliant.
Stick to the trailer.
Incoherent, tedious and largely devoid of wit.
Sure, it looks great, and everything billows, including capes, trenchcoats and Lex's locks. But strong visuals alone aren't enough to make a graphic novel great, let alone a movie with a production budget north of $200 million.
Have you ever wondered what it would be like to have your head driven through solid rock and glass and brick walls for two and a half hours, blinding flashes of lights unceasingly forcing your eyes shut?
At the end of the dawn, there's no real justice per se, just smug, contrived posturing of what's to come - something Snyder & Co. are banking on.
A dark and moody comic-book film with noble ambitions but the fizz of a week-old glass of Coke.
While it's one thing to take superheroes seriously, it's another to drain all the fun out of them.
[Batman v Superman is] attempting to cram in too much and as a result, fails to deliver anything individual enough to stand out.
This is a superhero film which opens and closes with funerals and requires the world's finest detective and an avatar of truth and justice to batter each other (and everyone else) senseless for two-and-a-half hours.
It is astoundingly discouraging to say that Batman v Superman is sloppy, under developed, and unsatisfying as both a comic book film and an entertaining piece of cinema. But hey, at least you have Doomsday's camel toe to keep you warm at night.
If only the film actually had depth, along with a little levity to lighten the bulk in the script, the visual murk and the sonic overkill.
A ponderous, smothering, over-pixelated zeppelin crash of a movie scored by a choir that sounds like it's being drowned in lava.
Snyder shoots every scene with extra attention to detail. [Full review in Spanish]
Poorly narrated and decently acted, the film collapses under the pressure of building a cinematic universe on par with what Marvel has done. [Full review in Spanish]
The movie DC needs, but not he one it deserves. [Full review in Spanish]
It's freighted not so much with entertainment value as it is with enough talk of fallen gods, absent parents, and dissolute heroes to fuel a Greek tragedy. And ... director Zack Snyder seems convinced that that's what he's making.
Great spectacle but poor character development overshadow whatever we might see on the screen. [Full review in Spanish]
The showdown between DC's greatest heroes is spectacular, the only thing is that both leads lack charisma. [Full review in Spanish]
Zack Snyder manages to capture the dark tone we saw in Watchmen, especially in the first half of the film. [Full review in Spanish]
A brooding, but most importantly intelligent take on the seminal figures of our 20th century pop culture mythology, a movie that at once pays tribute to these characters' roots while offering up modern incarnations of them that ring true for our times.
Sinks any chance DC had to compete against Marvel. [Full review in Spanish]
Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice is so occupied with trying to do about a dozen, different things that it forgets to provide a reason for doing any of them.
The movie is Bat-s--t crazy. A dour, disdain-filled demeanor, plus a gluttony of complex plot twists, dissipates most of the contact high.
A bombastic and incoherent world overflowing with half-baked allegory, baffling characterisation and back-breaking mythological portent. It's a laudably bold, utterly exhausting, mess of a film.
With nobody to root for, BvS:DoJ is just an unconscionably long slugfest simultaneously attempting too much and accomplishing almost nothing.
[it] does have some shining moments, but they are too few and far between in an effort that is overflowing with illogicalities, gaping plot holes and moments that simply don't make sense in any fundamental way that relates to the characters.
I'm not sure what Snyder has against these characters, why he is so determined to make them as distasteful as possible.
[A] glum, cool-toned behemoth that labors to lay groundwork for a DC cinematic universe while setting up two famous characters on a collision course, and lobs out big ideas like an underprepared undergrad sweatily pitching off-the-cuff thesis topics.
It's not terrible, but it is terribly long, terribly convoluted and terribly bombastic, with a score that would make Richard Wagner ask if they could please turn it down.
The film might be pretty to look at, but narratively speaking, it is a disaster.
Wow. It's worse than I'd feared.
Batman Vs Superman promises much but ends up proving to be something of a false dawn.
Yes Affleck's good, Cavill fills out his suit prettily enough and when the two are going chin-to-chin, dimple-to-dimple, it makes for a mighty clash of the titans. It's just the movie they get to do that in is more batty than super.
An artillery barrage of action.
The film has its moments, but there comes a point when you can't justify it to yourself any longer. There is only so much grim brooding one movie can accommodate.
It's sweaty, grunty, loud, self-congratulatory and, if movies had smells, pungent.
The set-up of the first third of the film drags, but once it gets going it builds up the momentum to one very big fight, dragging you in its wake.
[Batman v Superman] looks rich, explores some interesting notions about justice, vengeance and deterrence, and works wonderfully until a CGI creature emerges as an adversary.
Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice will probably please those who just want to see their comic book heroes come to life in a visually stunning way, but it will frustrate anyone looking for substance.
The brow-furrowing over vigilante justice is as pointless as the back story of Batman that opens the movie.
Often steers into think-tank territory--about gods and demons, politics and paranoia--and pumps up the religious allegory and symbolism that have always been part of the Superman mythos.
Overstuffed, fidgety and fearful, it's a blockbuster for the less flattering features of our time.
Batman v. Superman: Dawn of Justice was supposed to settle a fanboy debate older than Adam West. Instead it raises another: Is being a superhero really this much of a drag?
Affleck and Gadot are impressive in their debuts, but there really are no winners in Batman v Superman. That includes moviegoers looking for anything resembling a good time.
Underdeveloped, overlong and stupendously dispiriting.
Since the movie is opening in the midst of the Syrian refugee crisis and just days after the Brussels attacks, the hostility conjured between these superheroes feels incredibly and uncomfortably pertinent.
While the film's final-act battle delivers better bang than some Marvel movies, Batman v. Superman: Dawn of Justice too often forgets why we're here in the first place.
Unfairly maligned, Snyder's dark vision is impressive and starkly different from the competition. The plot is perhaps too ambitious but the film delivers more often than it doesn't with Affleck's Bruce Wayne and Gal Gadot being highlights.
Though it's scary to think that Warner Bros. is betting the future of its entire DC Comics film slate on this highly-anticipated clash of superhero icons, the real loser is the audience itself.
...has some standout scenes (a Superman Congressional hearing, any featuring Luthor), but its climax short circuits and too many of its themes are squandered.
Snyder delivers a superhero epic that's a significant improvement on his work on its predecessor, "Man of Steel."
At the end of the UK press screening there were pockets of cheers from the crowd and I literally could not hold in an exclamation of "Are you f*cking serious?"
Decent at times, but otherwise a jumbled and mostly joyless mess. (Full Content Review for Parents - Sex, Violence, Profanity, etc. - Also Available)
Snyder's films are so eager to establish that "Superman was never real" that they never permit even the illusion that he ever was.
Zack Snyder's wearying superhero opus may be slugged "Dawn of Justice," but it's the twilight of any hope that the filmmaker will find the fun in the DC Universe.
Sure it is full of sound & fury, but it is also brimming with ideas, * if anything, its 150min duration feels insufficient to contain its sprawling story - like a mutant monster, barreling out of control & straining to contain its own shifting form.
It's a terrible shame that what we ended up with was a meandering mishmash of garbled storylines and action sequences.
For Snyder, it's among his better films, even though it doesn't offer a single memorable image or idea.
The best? Affleck in the Batsuit. The worst? Eisenberg's Lex Luthor and much of the first two hours of the film.
'BvS' is a short cut so concerned with setting up the next films to come it forgets that it needs to work as one itself.
In the end, a daft but interesting blockbuster becomes a daft and self-defeating one.
More befuddled, plot-wise, than just about any other superhero epic of the last decade, Batman v Superman nevertheless deserves points for creating a vision of modern America that feels truly fractured.
Despite the avalanche of set pieces and nods to upcoming Justice League movies, it must be said that Affleck is the class act - he fits his bat suit well and also nails Bruce Wayne, whether as ageing roué or haunted hero.
Batman V Superman: Dawn Of Justice is a punishing experience. But not an entirely unenjoyable one.
It's like an entire TV season condensed into a chaotic highlight reel, simultaneously way too long and not nearly long enough.
Instead of focusing on the story it's telling, the movie seems scattered, unfocused, obviously feeling the weight of the obligation to prepare the ground for the next ones. [Full review in Portuguese]
Snyder loves to destroy things, and that's essentially all the film has to offer, finding the production more interested in deafening the audience instead of trying to thrill them.
It is big. It is loud. It is violent. But it is a crappy CG blur interrupted by close-ups of this one or that one taking/making an impact or landing.
I'm fascinated by the retroactive recontextualization of everything I hated about Man of Steel's ending... It's the stuff of adolescent dreams, yet...Snyder and his team manage to make Batman v Superman feel almost, dare I say it, adult.
Wagner's Der Ring des Nibelungen cycle feels like an antic 1930s screwball comedy compared to Zack Snyder's seriously patience-trying Sturm und Drang that signifies, well, nothing much, apart from the dawn of the forthcoming Justice League.
Batman v Superman is kind of dopey and plays out some laborious plot twists in the DC narrative at unnecessary length, but as I've already said it largely kept me entertained for two and a half hours, which is not nothing.
A loud, cluttered, joyless muddle that might be described as Snyderissimo-which might please DC and diehard fans but will probably put off those accustomed to the breezier tone of the Marvel universe.
Spoiler alert: It's not very good.
For the life of me, after two and a half hours, I couldn't tell you why Batman and Superman were fighting.
[Much] of the action... is a dog's breakfast of discombobulating editing. The film's final passages are such an aggressively hard to watch collision of excessive CGI and murky colour palate that it's hard to make heads or tails of most of it.
Although viewers may be riveted at times, the net experience isn't much fun.
I'm inclined to think that large and loud Batman v Superman is what happens when no limits are placed on a project.
Did you ever think you'd long for the horrible puns and scenery chewing of the campy '90s Batman movies?
Blunt, humorless, and baffling, it collides the brutish directorial stamp of its director (he of 300 and Watchmen fame) with the most shameless instincts of our latter-day superhero franchise bubble.
In the words of The Joker in a far better Batman movie: "Why so serious?"
An enjoyable watch.
Did we need 150 minutes to watch slyly crafted revisionism turn to special-effects kitsch and rampage?
Eventually the script's illogic and the relentless pounding of the action scenes wear you down.
Moments of visual splendor can't save Batman V Superman: Dawn of Justice, a comically, cosmically terrible waste of a blockbuster budget, from its disjointed, dreary narrative and vacuous treatment of its central, long-anticipated conflict.
[It's] such a miscalculated ploy that it puts future releases under the brand on immediately shaky footing. The film has too much on its plate, but that belies the incompetence with which it is handled as a story, much less as a product.
Snyder and company wouldn't understand the possible joy within the genre if it jumped up and bit them in the ambitions
One of the greatest Super-Hero Slobberknockers ever filmed! Not Batman v Superman, that fight sucked. The stars of this movie are Doomsday and Wonder Woman! Movie falls just shy of Greatness & hit me in all my fangirl parts! .
Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice is basically a dumpster fire. But from that rubble, there is something salvageable.
That rare movie that makes you anxious to see the next installment only because it surely has to be better than what you just watched.
It'll make you feel like s***.
At its heart, the promised battled between the DC titans has some punch. The blow is just softened considerably by worthless plot points that take the super out of superhero.
There's sure no joy in Gotham tonight, boys and girls. Because this bloated bust takes all the fun out of what could have been a flashy and fiery mash- up.
That fight comes late in the game, and it's so grim, humorless, and vicious, it stops being thrilling early on. It isn't in the service of any of the themes the film has struggled to express, it's just a meat-headed, brutal throwdown.
While the Marvel universe, now owned by Disney, is glib and sunny, it's a nice echo of Warner's past as a home to gangsters and gritty melodramas to find its DC world operating very much on the dark end of the street.
Where celluloid was once flecked with dream-sparkles of silver, Zack Snyder's darkest dark-beyond-dark digital project yet is all clutter and cloaca, as if sprayed and spackled with a sewer's worth of a city's ----.
At once lumbering and enthralling, overstuffed and auspicious.
A sequel that functions as origin story, apologia, and harbinger of a second expanded universe of overpopulated action bonanzas.
Fans have waited a long time to see these two icons on the screen together, and "Batman v Superman" is as big and bold as this momentous occasion deserves.
DC and Snyder jammed a lot into "Batman v Superman" to get back into the game. And it often works.
Batman v Superman does not have one genuinely surprising, thrilling moment. The rhythm sweeps us in relentlessly but without generating real excitement, and much of the time we feel trapped inside a clumsy narrative.
It is an interesting idea of a film created by people who have no earthly idea how to do it, a quasi-epic without a thimbleful of wit, style or rooting interest in either of its leads.
Rather than escapism and sensory exhilaration, viewers get down in the mire with protagonists who grimace, scowl and wince their way through heroics with the joyless determination of shift workers making the doughnuts.
The studio has, in the usual way, begged and bullied critics not to reveal plot points, and I wouldn't dream of denying you the thrill of discovering just how overstuffed and preposterous a movie narrative can be.
The first half is a solid followup to the Christopher Nolan Batman trilogy. Then the second half turns into a Zack Snyder movie, but that's not necessarily a bad thing.
'Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice' is a cluttered, gloomy spectacle that does not live up to the three year wait. The choices made and direction by Zack Snyder have resulted in a shaky foundation for the Justice League.
Alas, these boys like to over-share. You might take solace in Wonder Woman's enigma, amid all the boys' clunking assertions of need and self.
In a word, exhausting. In a few more, overblown, overstuffed, repetitive, bombastic, and sometimes just dumb. (Never mind dreary to look at and punishing to hear.)
A joyless slog.
Go in with realistic expectations and you'll probably have a good time. After all, it's still a movie where man-gods punch each other.
One to see in the cinema, Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice is not quite the superhero movie we deserve, but it's just what we need right now to whet our appetites for the other projects coming down the line in the DC Comics extended universe.
Shouldn't all this geeky property colliding still at least be entertaining? Shouldn't it play to the cheap seats instead of wallowing in the murk?
Not as bad as Bush v. Gore, but close.
It's a shame that Batman v Superman is also a storytelling disgrace. It has maybe six opening scenes and jumps so incessantly from subplot to subplot that a script doctor would diagnose a peculiarly modern infection: "disjunctivitis."
With its high-grade visuals, quick pacing and constant motion, Batman v Superman never bores. But it seems less like an actual movie for us than a two-hour, 31-minute sales pitch for the rumored DC Comics sequels yet to come.
The film rattles along at a breathtaking pace, making the two-and-a-half-hour running time easy going, and there are a couple of great gags thrown in to alleviate the somewhat largely sombre mood.
There are brilliant set pieces, adequate performances and acceptably whizzy bits of camera work. But there are also long, pointless and interminable scenes where the story should be being told, but in reality -- nothing of interest is happening.
Snyder sets his story within our modern world and attempts to fashion a kind of commentary on the media and the current geopolitical situation. What he has crafted instead is a grotesque expression of modern emptiness.
Snyder's movie presents extremist versions of familiar characters in a tonal mishmash that indulges in more thunderous conflict than it can wrestle into coherence.
There is a good movie inside of Batman v Superman, which makes it all the more frustrating that the stuff the movie gets wrong, it gets really wrong.
Megaton fight scenes are the reason people will put up with bad dialogue or bad logic in a film, so it's an outright tragedy when Batman v Superman's showdowns become as boring as the rest of it.
From its superfluous opening ... to its clichéd final scene, "BvS" fails to ignite an emotional response - except, perhaps, dissatisfaction. It is unrelentingly grim and oppressive, sucking all the air out of the theater.
If it's action you want, Batman v. Superman: Dawn of Justice will not disappoint. But take away the interminable fight scenes, and the screenplay crashes into plot holes big enough to drive the Batmobile through.
For those who go to the movies to see coherent narratives, [this] is Hollywood's latest exercise in fan service...taking the usual screenplay ingredients of logic, reason and character motivation, tossing it all in a blender and filming the scraps.
There's a gravitas here that even the staleist of comic book tropes can't diminish. Snyder, who directed Man of Steel and the failed comic book adaptation Watchmen, is nothing less than respectful. The effects aren't bad, either.
Crushed under the weight of creating a Marvel-esque DC franchise, Batman v Superman fails to ever truly tap into the potential that a clash between two of the most revered superheroes of all time should technically provide.
All so vapidly grand and so serious and so, so dull.
Cool action, a strong performance by Ben Affleck, and Gal Gadot as Wonder Woman make Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice worth checking out on the big screen.
It's almost too much to take in, meaning that by the time we finally get to the titular grudge match you could well be over it. Nevertheless, there are elements here that work strongly and even spectacularly.
In spite of the garbled story the characters get plenty of strong moments that play to their core appeal.
To say that Superman v Batman: Dawn of Justice is a bad movie doesn't go far enough. This film feels like Zack Snyder hobbling the entire upcoming DC Movieverse before it gets started.
The story, like the testicles of a weightlifter on steroids, dwindles away to nothing.
There are fascinating questions here, but they're buried beneath the debris of a convoluted, horribly written story featuring poorly written characters making inexplicable choices.
Filled with scenes of gloomy characters confronting their demons or wrestling with insipid moral quandaries, this joyless slog isn't a superhero film so much as it is an excruciating therapy session with huge explosions and guys in capes.
Part sequel, part prequel, director Zack Snyder's film delivers on its titular promises -- eventually.
Ponderous, self-important, too long by at least 45 minutes, and do we really need another scene (and then ANOTHER scene) of Bruce Wayne's parents being shot?
[B]efore too long, Snyder has shaken off the self-reflection and returned to ... an empty seriousness where, for a few inspired scenes, some actual thought has flickered tantalizingly.
A popcorn film - and this is a popcorn film - should never feel like Sunday night homework.
In Ben Affleck's Batman, here at last is the sadistic, fascistic, half-crazed vigilante that comics fans have been waiting for.
"Batman v. Superman: Dawn of Justice" will have its admirers, others will relinquish in the fact that yet again, the superhero genre is not challenging itself to be better than what is expected of them.
Questions regarding violence and mayhem are drowned out by violence and mayhem. Such is the superhero life as directed by Zack Snyder. There is no problem that can't be solved with a cranium-rattling explosion or two.
I can't lie and call Batman v Superman a great movie. Not even for us superhero fans.
Ultimately it satisfies fan cravings to see two of the world's most popular superheroes throw down.
A movie that has brazenly refused to learn from its own past, and yet insultingly, boldly pretends to have grown and matured all the same.
The man knows how to make a movie that speaks the fanboy language, and "Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice" speaks it well.
Ponderous, but the tone and the cast hold our interest.
It so badly wants you to be excited for "Justice League" that it forgets to keep you excited about "Batman v Superman."
The movie's not bad but it doubles down on its least-interesting and potent elements at the expense of those that actually work.
Everything surrounding the central fight is a mess, thanks to an incoherent plot and over-stuffed script that's burdened by its need to set up future Justice League movies.
An ambitious mess, an exhilarating chaos of visual flare and strong drive that's also in desperate need of direction, objectivity, restraint and coherence.
[SPOILER-FREE REVIEW:] This is not a drill, comic-book geeks.
Watching Batman and Superman rage at each other like little boys makes for a pretty tedious two and a half hours.
When it sings, Dawn of Justice is a wonder. When it drags, it still looks good and offers hints of a better scene just around the corner.
Somebody stop Zack Snyder. Somebody save the world.
A near-total drag, Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice plays like a loose, unofficial quarter-billion-dollar remake of The Odd Couple, in which Oscar and Felix are literally trying to kill each other.
Disjointed, numbing and spectacular with its intemperance.
The heavyweight title bout between Batman and Superman is a smash to the senses, the same way being tossed around in a rollover car accident would jolt one's system.
Superhero movies are now like websites with too many pop-up ads, clogging the running time with teases for future films that won't be fun either.
[Plays] less like a prequel for the JLA then a greatest-hits medley of every superhero movie ever made -- a little Dark Knight Rises here, a bit of Batman Begins there, all spiced up with some X-Men topicality. The thing is, none of it convinces.
It's Batman v Superman v the contents of your bladder in Zack Snyder's too-long, 155-minute superhero slugfest.
There's enough mythic raw material sunk deep in every scene that you can piece together a classic in your mind if you're feeling charitable; but if you aren't, Batman v Superman will seem like a missed opportunity.
As superhero spectacles go, Zack Snyder's Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice is a grand one, with a mondo-operatic climax and a final shot infused with quivering, exhilarating molecules of grace. It's also not much fun.
Snyder, juiced up by Hans Zimmer's caffeinated score, throws everything at the screen until resistance is futile.
The Dark Knight, RETURNS with a BANG, BOOM, POW; Wonder Woman arrives, fashionably late as you'd expect from the world's most iconic female superhero; but this emerging Superman may have you humming, "will the REAL Man of Steel, please stand-up."
Affleck's bottom lip gives a solid performance, dominant but not overtly showy, channelling the spirit of lone warrior jawbones from John Ford films
One cannot walk away without noticing the plot holes that stops the film from being consistent. There are too many "Whats, Whys, and Hows'" being asked in one's mind that leaves them baffled.
To call it ridden with plot holes would be a disservice to plot holes. These are plot caverns.
A big bombastic mess that never does enough with the characters to warrant bringing them together.
An action-packed and epic start to the DC Films Universe, Batman v Superman will have you grinning from ear to ear from start to finish.
Overlong, underdeveloped and almost entirely humorless, Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice may please die-hard fans by pitting two DC icons against each other. Everyone else may want to wait for the next Marvel movie.
Not only does the storytelling feel cluttered, but the premise turns both protagonists into passive victims who only occasionally get to do anything heroic. The rest of their time is spent navel-gazing and whinging to their respective confidantes.
If Justice, with its sluggish script, isn't quite the jaw-dropping eye-popper it should be, that's okay. The cast is unimpeachable.
For all the eye-popping spectacle here, the brilliance of some of the action sequences, and the full-blooded performances from Ben Affleck and Henry Cavill as the superheroes, this turns out to be a convoluted affair.
No amount of crash, bang or wallop can conceal this confused and ungainly storyline.
It just wears you down and wears you out, making you wonder if there was ever such a thing as a hero anyway. Let them pummel each other if they must; just leave us out of it.
It hurtles not with the kinetic momentum of Mad Max: Fury Road nor the comparatively spry skip of a Marvel movie, but with an operatic grandeur it sometimes earns and often doesn't.
Fans can rest easy, the film delivers and it does so in a spectacular way. [Full review in Spanish]
Constantly threatening to collapse from self-seriousness, this epic has way too much of everything, including CGI and Oscar winners up the wazoo.
The silver lining in the depressing Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice turns out to be that we can still look forward to 2017's Wonder Woman with something approaching a sense of hope. We're calling it better than nothing.
It is intermittently rewarding, but ultimately a bit disappointing.
Half of Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice is brilliant. Unfortunately, the other half of Zack Snyder's epic-length superhero movie is so bloated that it blunts the effect of the good stuff.
Goosebumps are inevitable when the two icons finally face off, and there are some spectacular clobberings dispensed, but it doesn't feel like, as Lex pitches it, "the greatest gladiator battle in the history of the world".
[T]he follow-up to The Dark Knight that many viewers and fans wanted or hoped for... [V]isually stunning, with powerful emotional storytelling and awe-inspiring action spectacle.
Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice might not be the perfect comic book movie, but it's really entertaining. [Full review in Spanish]
When the head-to-head heavy hitting finally transpires -- be patient, for it takes some time to get there -- Dawn of Justice delivers the shock and awe on a level befitting a superhero blockbuster of such massive scale.
And what of the title's promised skirmish? That face-off between two comics legends becomes but one in a series of big things bashing into other big things, which is what Snyder and writers Chris Terrio and David S. Goyer mistake for storytelling.
The movie delivers and will please fans, even if you don't see it in 3D. [Full review in Spanish]
Gorging on bombast and self-importance, swamped by its own mythology, Batman v Superman is loud, sprawling, and distracted. The action jumps around almost as fast as a man can fly, but nowhere near as smoothly.
Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice just lands with a big thud.
There are moments that make the whole enterprise worthwhile, and introduces an intriguing new Batman. But it's also cluttered and narratively wonky; a few jokes wouldn't have gone amiss, either.
BvS will please those either waiting for the two main players to lock horns on a movie screen, or those who've just been pining for Wonder Woman forever.
No major blockbuster in years has been this incoherently structured, this seemingly uninterested in telling a story with clarity and purpose.
Lacks real character development and, consequently, a bit of soul that gives meaning to the pyrotechnics. [Full review in Spanish]
It's epic, involving, exciting, and ambitious, but there's an undeniable feeling that the best is yet to come.
Those expecting BvS to be DC's answer to Marvel's Avengers will find it more akin to Snyder's Watchmen instead.
As a pure visual spectacle, however, Batman V Superman ably blows the hinges off the multiplex doors, and editor David Brenner does excellent work to comprehensibly streamline the chaos, capably captured by d.p. Larry Fong.
Instead of playing up the differences between the Man of Steel and the Dark Knight, Batman v Superman flattens them.
This superhero-smorgasbord directed by Zack Snyder melts into an electric soup of CGI. Effects are so overused that any conviction explodes in a giant fireball -- indeed endless fireballs. The result is an enervating two and a half hours.
As its title implies, "Batman v Superman" plays like a mashup of things we've seen before.
It's another numbing smash-and-bash orgy of CGI mayhem with an ending that leaves the door open wide enough to justify the next 10 installments. Is it too late to demand a rematch?
All in all, job done, just about.
Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice is a treat for the eyes, but it will hurt your brain and break your heart.
The film may be imposing, but it's not fun.
In Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice, the Dark Knight and the Man of Steel duke it out and the audience loses.
An improvement over Man of Steel, and a much better Batman movie than it is a Superman film. The highlights far outweigh the issues, and DC now has a base on which it can build its empire.
Just put a bucket of generic Batman in here and stir in a few pints of own-label Superman. That will do to be going on with.
This film has turned all of its great characters into perfunctory plot points, in the service of a plot that doesn't even work well.
If there's any justice, dawning or otherwise, at the multiplex, audiences will reject Zack Snyder's lumbering, dead-on-arrival superhero mélange, a $250 million tombstone for a genre in dire need of a break.
The film is a discordant and almost three hour experience. There are some good and bad things, but still better than Man of Steel. [Full review in Spanish]
Not only is this a big let down in every sense, it makes you wonder if the rest of the DC Comics films will have the same fate. [Full review in Spanish]

@highlight

Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice smothers a potentially powerful story -- and some of America's most iconic superheroes -- in a grim whirlwind of effects-driven action.