you lose interest in (Erased) very early on.
Good opening premise and a fine cast, including Olga Kurylenko, but "Erased" is otherwise a story well-travelled.
Arash Amel's plot is a hodgepodge of threadbare motifs, liberally cut and pasted from every thriller you've seen.
Eckhart's cold blue eyes, sturdy, unsuspecting frame and his chiselled, pointy Doberman features stir a sense of murky mystery that fit the role particularly well and add extra juice to some rather overcooked scenes.
[Erased] turns out in the end to be a solid VOD release, with Eckhart lifting his leading role out of anonymity and claiming it with a driven if not outstanding performance.
...a fast paced thriller with high tension that never lets up, with award-quality music by Jeff Danna and fine performances by Eckhart, Liberato, and Kurylenko...
Characters we genuinely care about are lost in a movie that almost dissipates before our very eyes.
"Erased" isn't actively bad, it's just doing something that has been done a whole lot better before.
A cold and lifeless feature that offers a couple of good performances yet it fails to tell any sort of an intriguing story.
'Frances Ha' is the most purely enjoyable and sweet-tempered movie the exceptionally talented Baumbach has made his nearly two decades as a director.
'Erased' is an entertaining enough action outing with plenty of well-done elements to recommend it.
The combination of Arash Amel's convoluted but involving screenplay, Philipp Stoelzl's sure-handed helming, and some brisk editing make Erased one of the more intelligent and gripping international thrillers of recent years.
Although Erased goes through the motions of its various spy games efficiently enough, you never completely forget that you're watching an imitation of far better movies.
It promises little, and half-heartedly delivers.
Eckhart and Liberato may not act as if they're in Retread-land - Olga Kurylenko, meanwhile, as a CIA handler, barely acts at all - but this "Erased" is eminently forgettable.
Liberato gives a smart, nonwhining performance as the good girl coping with Daddy's lack of job security. Eckhart's another matter.
A bearable if unremarkable composite of the "Taken" movies and "Three Days of the Condor."
Everything about Erased feels generic, from the dialogue to the plot twists to the action sequences.
If you're a spy thriller fan or love the perpetually underrated (and in need of a better agent) Eckhart, you may be surprised. Everyone else has a better alternative this weekend.
Erased may be earnest, but at its core, it's empty
Most people can only watch the same movie so many times. But Philipp Stölzl is clearly hopeful that when you're done with "Taken" (and "Taken 2"), you'll want more of the same.
A confidently engineered, propulsive piece of intelligent action cinema.
A sort of poor man's Liam Neeson revenge movie, where every call is placed from a pay phone and every other scene seems to take place in a train station.
There's a distinct softball atmosphere to Erased that's keeps the effort forgettable, unless of course you're a student of the patent application process.
"Taken." In Belgium. Yawn.
The only sure way to avoid the loss of any more I.Q. points in the world today is to stay away from movies like Erased.
A thriller whose storytelling ingredients are so familiar that one could watch it with the sound off and still know what's going on.
Blessed with a perfect title, Erased will quickly disappear from the memory.
An unabashed knockoff of the Taken films ...
'Erased' has excellent thriller potential -- but those dysfunctional father/daughter interactions interfere with what I expect from this genre.
It's a serviceable thriller, but brings nothing new to the arena.
The film seldom pushes beyond the bare-minimum dictates of the thriller, only rarely offering up a memorable action sequence.
Liana Liberato is amazing. The child actor who gave a breakout performance in "Trust" (2010) has blossomed into an actress of tremendous range.
This solid chase thriller uses a template that recalls Taken, without ever reaching the same heights.
Eckhart makes a decent Damon stand-in, but there's nothing here than hasn't been done (better) before.
It's a smartly paced and decently made mixture of The Bourne Conspiracy and Taken but has one major drawback: Eckhart is neither Matt Damon nor Liam Neeson.
It's as distinct from its genre forerunners as Aldi is from Lidl, but German director Philipp Stölzl keeps things moving at a fair clip.
Although telling a decent story, on the whole The Expatriate is ultimately rather forgettable - not to mention the frustrating predictability of the narrative.
In a supporting role as a CIA bureau chief, Olga Kurylenko looks half-asleep. Who can blame her?
Lianna Liberato's Amy is stunned when dad suddenly reveals all manner of unexpected skills. What kind of father can kill an assailant with his bare hands, speak umpteen languages and unravel a murky international conspiracy?
Engaging and enjoyable thriller, enlivened by a sharp script, pacey direction, solid action sequences and strong performances from both Aaron Eckhart and Liana Liberato.
It doesn't entirely insult the intelligence, but often leans towards the indifferent.

@highlight

Derivative to a fault, Erased squanders some nifty potential and its talented cast in a bland retelling of a story action fans have seen too many times before.