It's godawful, with trite dialogue, poor performances, and painfully bad editing. (You know that editing is bad when you notice it.)
Papa just wallows in the haze of nostalgia.
The most impressive part of Papa is that it's the first American movie to be shot in Cuba since 1959. As far as the film itself, however, it might as well have been titled The Old Drunk and the Sea.
It was shot in Cuba at Hemingway's actual house and haunts, but that's all there is to recommend about this tired film.
could have been a tour de force or even a voyeuristic pleasure, instead it's a disappointment of the most galling kind
Uneven, overly expository and unconvincing...
The idea of the story is good,; the execution and acting are not. "Papa" would not be pleased.
There are elements of truth and sublimity, but it wanders too much into clichés and easy plot devices.
It turns one of America's larger-than-life icons into a sniveling, paranoid old man, who -- in Sparks' incapable hands -- lacks an ounce of gravitas.
While the lackluster drama includes Hemingway, it's more about a Hemingway fan.
A film that is beautiful to look at but lacks clear vision.
Sparks conveys the author's sometimes overlooked sensitivity, and the actual Cuban locations add flavor, but the film is pretty flat.
[T]he entire production is embarrassingly amateurish.
In the end, it's a museum piece: even the drunken screaming matches between Hemingway and his wife feel staged.
As the first U.S. film shot in Cuba since Castro came to power in 1959, Papa gives us sights to revel in. Oddly, what hurts is the clunky, overripe script.
Sincerely written and well acted "Papa Hemingway in Cuba" is a micro-budgeted film that will play well for students of the famous author.
"Papa" is merely cinema at its dullest, a perfunctory assemblage of biographical bullet points in which characters explain their lives rather than live them.
Richardson deserves better. Hemingway certainly deserves better. And so does the audience.
...if more than one person is taking part in a scene, [Yari] doesn't know how to use the camera to create a sense of three-dimensional space and indicate the relationships among the different characters.
Something of an underwhelming experience in which Hemingway is a supporting character in his own story.
Ms. Richardson comforts and coaxes and exasperatedly, bitingly demeans, but she and Mr. Sparks play past each other instead of engaging.
Petitclerc's screenplay dramatizes his relationship with Hemingway from his own not-very-interesting point-of-view.
Sluggishly directed by producer Bob Yari ("Crash''), it's based on an autobiographical script by Denne Bart Petitclerc, who died in 2006.
Ernest Hemingway may not be spinning in his grave over the abysmalness that is [this film], but we can see him cursing a blue streak and perhaps waving a gun around.
An unintentionally hilarious example of biopic gone wrong.
For those with an interest in Ernest Hemingway, Papa Hemingway in Cuba is a remarkable treat.
Beautiful images are at war with clichéd writing and weak acting in...this sincere but sad misfire.
Hemingway was the master of less is more. Papa: Hemingway in Cuba - more is less.
The director should have listened to the advice Hemingway himself gives the kid: "It's the power of less."
The story of the great writer and man's man in decline could have been fascinating, but director Bob Yari's film is not.
These performances lack chemistry and spontaneity, as evidenced by the stagy, unconvincing climactic confrontation between the writer, his wife and the journalist.
The first Hollywood feature filmed entirely on location in Havana since 1959 makes a good case for reinstating the U.S. travel ban to the island.
It's the sort of film that's destined to be the answer to a trivia question, and not much more.
"Papa" never transcends the tropes of a formulaic biopic that views its famous subject through the eyes of a worshipful young devotee.
The actresses make this dull, male-centric story more watchable.
Yari's earnest but plodding biopic lacks a sense of sweep and truth, trading tropical landscapes for narrative depth in a way that diminishes the power of the Hemingway mystique.
Is it legal for a movie about Ernest Hemingway to have dialogue this bad?
The script is based on screenwriter Denne Bart Petitclerc's actual experience befriending the author, but words that might have lived in real life here die on the screen.
In the spirit of poorly mimicking Hemingway, I'll offer my six word review: Cuban permits don't make good films.
Smaller than life
Papa Hemingway In Cuba is a fascinating depiction of the great American author's later years, anchored by a strong performance from veteran stage actor Adrian Sparks

@highlight

A man can be destroyed but not defeated, although the desultory Papa: Hemingway in Cuba makes one feel as if both can be accomplished by watching a single film.