It's a film for 2012, for the 99 per cent, for the Occupiers who have been criticised as Starbucks-quaffing smartphone revolutionaries seeking a rainbow connection that could only be called 'kermunism'.
None of it comes off as clever as it probably did on paper.
... The Muppets not only restore their name in the movie, but they prove to the audience that they're back and they're still as cute and entertaining as ever before.
Quite simply the most fun I've had at the cinema in ages.
If anything, The Muppets succeeds in reminding us why audiences both young and old adored these talking pieces of felt in the first place: They were the first icons of family entertainment to keep it real.
It's good to have them back. Manah, Manah.
Serving as both a wondrous stroll down your childhood and a fantastic introduction to Kermit and company, this is a warmly inspired nostalgia kick that will delight both longtime fans and endear the franchise to a new generation.
What is a Muppet? Is it something one is born? Is it something one chooses? Is it a state of mind? Is it a lifestyle?
The Muppets never went away, and "The Muppets" is a celebration of that. It's time to play the music, and it's time to light the lights.
The giddiness that Jim Henson & Friends brought to the original Muppets is missing. The antic energy, the old vaudeville/TV variety show references are just plain alien to modern kids.
A Muppet film that not only lives up to the franchise legacy and, for some, might just end up being one of their all-time favorite adventures with Kermit and the gang.
This is comedic gold!
The muppets are back, just like we remember them, with catchy tunes and meta humor. Also, a great cast of cameo appearances is paired with a fun story and iconic characters that haven't been detrimentally modernized.
A luminous and loving tribute to the man who breathed life into nothing but felt and faux fur.
Marvellous. The Muppets manages to revitalise the family classic to create a hilarious and life-affirming delight.
You can tell that these filmmakers grew up cherishing what was best about the Muppets. ... From the script to the colors to the body language, it all has Henson's heartbeat.
As a died-in-the-wool Muppets fan, this overripe nostalgia trip only almost captures that Henson magic. There are moments of exhuberance, but they're scattered and isolated.
An energetic return to form reminding audiences, both young and old, why everyone should love The Muppets.
Everything here just works. Its weird, colorful world is breath of cinema fresh air. The Muppets is a world where you just have to believe that these "muppets" are real and not question the whys and how of it.
If you're not a joyless maniac with a soul of anthracite then you will work hard to imagine how this project could have been better handled.
Warrants multiple viewings. I am currently considering raising my children on this film. If you don't come out feeling complete joy, you might want to check with your parents that they didn't find you in a crashed spaceship in a cornfield.
Disney's "The Muppets" is a solid family movie that breathes new life into an old franchise. Who'd have thought that were even possible?
full review at Movies for the Masses
Beneath the cleverness you'll find warmth, sweetness and real affection for our fine felt friends.
Henson's Muppets had a nice line in dry wit. They were anarchic. Segel's are corporate stooges.
During The Muppets' numerous highlights, movie-going is rarely this much fun.
The film's broad smiles and big-heartedness are bracingly disingenuous, the self-referential jokes well handled. Only the affection emanating from the audience is sincere.
If, like me, you are a parent, there will be something life affirming about taking your children to see these ageless old friends.
Welcome back, Muppets.
Director Bobin milks laughter and tears in generous, equal measures, leaving us hankering for more.
I hope this movie will bring these talented artistes back to the forefront of the entertainment industry. It deserves to.
We defy anyone over the age of 30 not to get emotional when the lights do go up and Kermit takes the stage ...
Unfortunately the pang of loss - the "you can't go back again" - is reflected in the film's own inability go back again. After a meditative midsection it tries to re-establish cuteness and comic zeal.
Kermit, we're sorry we forgot about you - never leave again.
Kermit the Frog rounds up the gang to save the Muppets' derelict old theatre from a ruthless tycoon in this laugh-out-loud return to the enduring TV characters' roots.
A witty script, catchy songs, strong comic performances and a host of delightfully funny celebrity cameos.
Witty, affectionate and charmingly silly.
The most sensational, inspirational, celebrational, Muppetational comeback fans could have hoped for.
A film bursting at the seams with sheer, unadulterated joy: watch it, and the world seems just that little bit brighter...
Made absolutely for grown-up fans, this is the Muppets as you fondly remember them: funny, smart and gleefully insane.
The sunniest, happiest film in the world - and if the under-10 in your life can't appreciate that, it might be time to put them up for adoption.
settle down for something wondrous, and wondrously artificial - an hour and a half of proof that the Dream Factory can still squeeze out more than one happy song to sing along.
The Muppets is an awful lot of fun, that fact is unmistakable.
So genial, so joyous, and suffused with such a lip-smacking sweetness, that the occasional pacing issues and subplot hiccups simply don't seem to matter.
It's never cloying or too knowing. Cynicism and wariness are real world concerns that have no place among the foam and felt.
Brushing aside decades of nostalgia, this is a whip-smart postmodern romp with a warm heart to boot, and as such, it should please both life-long fans and new initiates to the Muppet universe.
invites viewers to become a bit like the dreamer Walter and, in (re)discovering and embracing their inner child (not to mention their inner muppet), to join a fantastic, funny family that never grows old, no matter how times may have changed.
The innocence is slightly twisted, the harmonious camaraderie is slightly corrosive and the characters are slightly eccentric
I smiled throughout this madcap joyous adventure in which the Muppets are funny, silly, colourful and totally endearing in what must be the happiest film of the New Year
MY inner child - the one who loved The Muppet Show, The Muppet Movie and The Great Muppet Caper - really wants to give this film five stars.
By focusing on the Muppets of The Muppet Show (1976-1981) rather than the independent Muppets of prior films, the writers open up an unexplored aspect of Muppet lore ripe for revival.
Everybody loves the Muppets and this happy mix of live-action and puppet chaos is perfect entertainment for every age.
A nice throwback to the good old days of the Muppets.
Under James Bobin's direction, however, the outing feels cheap and strangely small-screen.
An altogether charming, smart and strangely moving little movie.
The Muppets may be one of the best films of the year, not judged as a children's film, or a family film, but instead, simply as a film.
The Muppets is really two movies. And one of those movies is quite good, albeit awfully similar to previous films.
Even balcony critics Waldorf and Statler would have a hard time faulting this Wonkaful delight.
I am a fan of The Muppets and I'm glad to see them making a comeback. Maybe if this movie is a hit, they'll make a sequel where they'll actually get to be the stars of their own film.
A good imitation of the Muppet style.
The Muppets is a celebration of all things Muppets -- filled with fun, laughter and moments of pure joy.
The Muppets heralds the return of Jim Henson's beloved furry creations, resurrected from pop-culture irrelevance and lovingly restored to their former greatness in a vibrant comedy-musical.
It may not entirely work as a movie, but The Muppets shines as a piece of touching pop nostalgia.
The film's success is owed to the fact that the living, breathing actors understand the show belongs to the Muppets. In their capable paws, claws, and flippers, the fun, kindness, and total, unadulterated wackiness of The Muppet Show is finally back.
The Muppets is a joyful mix of the nostalgic past and a vibrant present. It tops the list of family movies for the holidays. The movie asks the question, "Do you have what it takes to be one of the Muppets?" Of course, we do.
The new muppet movie, written by Jason Segel and Nicholas Stoller, is a total delight. Any fears that the muppets may have been unwisely thrust into something that is outside of their inherent character can be safely allayed.
A return to form for Kermit and company.
Jubilantly renews the signature mix of craziness, cleverness and camp that made the Muppets multimedia superstars in a previous entertainment era.
For all the diverting fun and silly gags, along with Fozzie Bear's fart-shoes and Miss Piggy's infinite ego, the Muppets make it their business not to condescend to their viewers.
A nice throwback to the muppets we know and love and it will assuredly speak to a new crowd as well as touch an old one.
Growing up, I loved the Muppets. This film is a great chance for a new generation to fall for them as well.
The purity of the nostalgia turns this franchise film into a love letter to childhood.
Overall I found the movie a bit too cloying and self-aware to distinguish itself from the mass of kiddie flick pap.
All of our old favorites are here, from Fozzie Bear and Miss Piggy to the original grumpy old men, Statler and Waldorf, along with a number of celebrities in amusing cameos...
This is clearly a labor of love for star/writer Segel and the entire cast is having a blast with it.
The movie is better when the muppets are front and center and not the humans
Actor-writer Jason Segel happily plays a supporting role and lets a new generation be introduced to Kermit, Miss Piggy, Fozzie Bear, Gonzo, and Animal.
Admittedly, there are a few misfires every once in a while, but with its barrage of self-referential humor, breaking through the fourth wall jokes, imaginative cameos and satirical winks at Hollywood conventions, The Muppets is a comedy lover's dream.
Longtime Muppet fans will undoubtedly have more fun than young ones, but for the most part, it's a witty, delightful romp.
... older folks raised on the late Jim Henson's brainchildren will be charmed ...
Not all nostalgia is created equal.
One of the movie's real pleasures is the 'reality' of its puppety ethos -- our awareness that Segel and Adams really are talking to Kermit and Piggy, and not to a blank space that will be filled in later by an animator.
There's still an endearing sweetness that permeates The Muppets.
The Muppets marks a triumphant return for these beloved characters. This movie made me feel good all over.
A bit flat and never quite as madcap or wacky as the TV show or early films, The Muppets hits enough right notes to be a pleasing welcome back for longtime fans and a lovely introduction for those deprived of Muppets magic.
It is a film that works for...fans who remember what the Muppets were but it's also a great way of establishing who the Muppets are.
Wonderful! Delightful! Utterly charming!
Frequently hilarious and quite poignant, especially when Kermit reminisces about his long lost friends while crooning a wonderful little ditty called "Pictures in My Head"
It is with immense pleasure that I can report that Disney's Muppet reboot movie is an absolute delight.
The whole thing is ultimately too in awe of its own characters, respecting them without pushing them, to feel as fresh and sharp as The Muppet Movie.
Here's a cruel suggestion: Leave the kids at home. After all, what grownup weaned on a steady diet of Muppets wants to interrupt a jaunt down memory lane by having to escort weak bladders to the bathroom or hungry mouths to the concession stand?
Dear Muppets: Thank goodness you're back. And thank goodness for the pens of Jason Segel and Nicholas Stoller, who wrote this brilliant screenplay to get you back on the big screen where you belong.
Where have they been? Young or old, there's nothing better than spending a few hours with the Muppets.
its mixture of nostalgia, postmodern humor, and all-around generosity may be exactly what is needed to endear the Muppets to a whole new generation
A loving, faithful and very entertaining adaptation that gets what the Muppets are about and why people love them.
...colorful, musical, and fun. Just OK for adults but children should love it.
A new wave of Muppet-mania is unlikely, but it's fun to see the fuzzy gang again.
This delightful film boasts catchy songs, funny dialogue and nostalgic sequences -- as well as human characters almost as lovable as the Muppets themselves.
Fun songs, great humor, and a lot of entertaining cameos make The Muppets a fun movie for both adults and children. It's a good revitalization of the Muppets franchise.
It reminds us how much we love Kermit, Fozzie, Miss Piggy, Animal, the Swedish Chef and all the rest, and it lets a lot of famous people -- among them Feist, Emily Blunt and Neil Patrick Harris -- pop up to express their own affection.
You can rest easy - if you have previously loved the Muppets, you will likely currently love The Muppets.
The chorus of one of the songs declares, 'I've got everything that I need, right in front of me.' For 120 minutes, that's precisely how I felt.
Sweet and silly, this nostalgic reboot is fuzzy, family-friendly fare.
...a hilarious, clever, original, and absolutely joyful movie that manages to reboot the franchise without losing what made it a special in the first place.
...one of the most awesomely entertaining movies of the year!
The cameos are a blast, but the human leads really shine, especially Adams, who is so effortlessly sunny she qualifies as special effect.
Kids will like the simplicity of the story, the slapstick and the cute puppets. But adults will be taken back to their childhood days with the presentation and in-jokes.
[Filmmakers] hew close to the essential innocence informing the Muppets' silliness.
The world has moved on and gotten harder and more cynical without The Muppets. Their return is cause for celebration, even if the Henson family and Frank Oz aren't involved.
The minute the picture started, I heaved a sigh of relief and broke out in a smile. This is a joyful movie, the kind the Muppets (and their many fans) deserve.
A jovial tribute to the spirit of the old television series that's witty without being cynical and warm without going gooey.
Segel and his collaborators do right by the Muppets, setting them up for a new generation of fans while honoring what made them so appealing in the first place.
Muppet News Flash! Your friends in felt are back on the big screen, ready and waiting to charm a new generation of...moppets.
At their best, the Muppets embody a sort of moral anarchy, as the weirdest stuff can happen at any given moment, but you know it's going to be funny and you know no one is going to get hurt (they are just puppets after all).
We'll give Jason Segel et al credit for trying and it's incredibly hard to fully fault a movie with such a terrific finale.
The glaring omission of Elmo (due to legal wrangling) is the only weak-spot in this delightfully sweet music-infused family film.
'Muppets' is a fantastic, furry throwback.
Capturing the flavor of the old television series while featuring guest stars more popular with today's younger generation, "The Muppets" is a fun ride down the nostalgia highway.
A heap o' feel-good, wholesome, splashy fun.
The Muppets is a triumph of simplicity, innocence and goofy jokes. It's a triumph of felt.
A mixed bag then: The Muppets isn't the best or the worst of Kermit's big-screen capers. At least it's a reminder that here's one frog who isn't about to croak.
Muppet comedy offers memorable laughs, musical numbers.
...the film stands as an appropriate comeback for (and introduction to) Jim Henson's iconic creation.
snarky-smart
I found "The Muppets" movie to be highly tolerable, and agreeably low on the Miss Piggy involvement scale.
The Muppets is a perfectly fine picture. That may sound like damning the movie with faint praise, but considering the state of the franchise in recent years, "perfectly fine" is almost the equivalent of a solid A.
It's nice to see the band back together. And when Kermit busts out the banjo for "Rainbow Connection," you might even go for your lighter.
Like Statler and Waldorf, older viewers may kvetch and cavil about the details, but when that red velvet curtain goes up, we wouldn't give up our balcony seats for the world.
No fourth wall is safe in The Muppets, and that's a great piece of news.
Both an awesome Muppet outing and an epically entertaining comedy, period.
The Muppet charm, always more at home within the intimate frame of a TV set, is gone here.
"The Muppets" is a movie that will transport some adults back to their childhoods as well as entertain youngsters with its charm and humor.
Segel and his team are not Jim Henson -- but they've done justice to the lovers and the dreamers.
Is it perfect? No. Is it a lot of fun and does it successfully revive this inspired franchise? Absolutely and let's seriously hope so. A world without Kermit is just too hard to face.
Writer/actor Jason Segel and his co-writer honor Jim Henson and his crew's sense of humor and perfectly capture flavor of the legendary TV and movie series.
The film offers up plenty of old-fashioned entertainment and nostalgia to please kids and their parents.(Parental Movie Review also available)
So much love pumped into this movie, it's difficult to quibble with the funereal tone of the first half, or the lack of noteworthy tunes...a picture so fixated on resuscitating The Muppets it practically bleeds felt.
Except for a few good zingers from balcony dwellers Statler and Waldorf, there isn't much here for mom and dad.
Rather than returning like a lot of other beloved children's franchises, spiffed up in CGI and hipster attitudes, the Muppets are stubbornly old-school and delightfully schmaltzy.
During the movie's best moments, I recalled exactly what my long-gone father's roars of laughter sounded like.
"The Muppets" is both a delightful family film about the Muppets and a winking, self-referential satire about how lame the Muppets are.
The Muppets treats its titular heroes with affection and respect, even as Fozzie Bear shows off his "fart shoes" and toilet humor abounds.
The Muppet relaunch is as it should be: the most sensational, inspirational, celebrational treat you could wish for on a holiday weekend.
It's not easy bein' clean in pop culture when a phony TV reality show called Punch Teacher isn't impossible to believe... The world today is no place for The Muppets, which is exactly why we need them.
The Muppet franchise is revitalized with "The Muppets," a funny, wickedly self-aware musical that opens by acknowledging they've outlived their shelf life.
Kids today will have the same kind of fun at The Muppets they have at all films of this kind. Adults, however, will connect in a deeper way.
What is most remarkable about 'The Muppets' is that, from the sweetly nostalgic opening sequence forward, they absolutely nail it.
Utterly true to the spirit of the original television series and pure delight for both fans and newcomers.
Don't call it a comeback. The Muppets never went away.
I freely admit that I brought plenty of Muppet adoration with me into the theater. I was overjoyed when the movie earned it anyway.
The Muppets proves that, while it might be impossible to recapture magic, the right people ... re-implementing a workable formula can still result in ample rewards.
Watching The Muppets is like getting a big, warm hug from friends who've been away far too long.
Less irreverent than it should be and, during the home stretch, not as spirited and momentous as one hopes. Reacquainting audiences to the charms of hand puppets, however, is a victory in and of itself.
[It] has plenty of affection for the beloved title characters, and its winking humor frequently hits the mark.
The Muppet legacy is in no way sullied, but the over-the-moon magic is missing. They should try Hare Krishna.
With its goofy humor and rousing put-on-a-show spirit, The Muppets will win over "the lovers, the dreamers" and, yes, you.
Its story about not fitting in and finding your place in the world will appeal to anyone who is, was or has a child. Did I leave anyone out?
Desperately trying to appeal to not just the Gen Xers who grew up with Kermit, Miss Piggy, and Dr. Teeth, but also the tykes who've never even heard of Jim Henson, The Muppets has none of the easy confidence of the original TV show or the 1979 movie.
The best of their big-screen adventures since the original and the first Muppet-related endeavor since Heson's passing that truly understands what it is that made them so special and memorable in the first place.
The Muppets are evergreen; it just took an effort like this to remind us of the fact.
God love the movie that flips a giant bird in the face of cynicism.
...more generically happy than edgy or witty.
It's funny, moving, quick-witted, and way better than anything your kids are watching on TV these days.
The writing is clever, with giddy self-reference, time-honored tropes, and a bevy of dancing chickens who beat out a completely credible tattoo
The film is loaded with everything Muppets fans love: loopy musical production numbers, very funny montages, some hilarious asides and weird little moments.
Nothing here will surprise you -- which is, really, as it should be. Segel, serving as co-writer, and director James Bobin have, with a knowing wink, mined the old-time Muppet charm and humor, and they have hit paydirt.
Oh, how we needed this...
I've never seen a movie so perfectly balanced between unabashed nerdiness and hipness. It's transcendent that way.
There are a few stumbles, but not too many, and by the time Gary and Walter get to a showstopping number that asks the burning question - "Am I a man, or a Muppet?" - you are completely hooked.
Blending self-deprecating comic asides with high-spirited showmanship, the movie captures the essence of Jim Henson's classic 1970s TV show and 1979's The Muppet Movie.
"The Muppets" made me feel warm and Fozzie.
Even when it gets bogged down in angst and misconceived moments -- a Muppetized take on "We Built This City" belongs on the cutting-room floor -- The Muppets remains fundamentally likeable.
This new musical comedy is pretty close to being the most sensational, inspirational, celebrational, Muppetational effort to hit screens this year.
Thanks Muppets, for reminding me what I am supposed to be, and how life's a happy song when there's someone by your side to sing along.
They're back in excellent form, honoring the legacy built by Henson, and moviegoers and longtime Muppet nerds owe a debt of gratitude to Muppet superfan Segel for having the nerve to keep asking for a shot at making a film with them.
The plot, as you may well imagine, is secondary to the barrage of jokes, songs, fourth-wall violations, and occasional celebrity cameos that are part and parcel of the big-screen Muppet experience.
"The Muppets," the troupe's first film in more than a decade, is a more aggressively absurd antidote to what it calls "a hard, cynical world." Happily, it works.
It's time to see the Muppets, it's time to see this show.
"The Muppets" is clever and current without being cynical, smart without being condescending, funny without being exclusionary to grown-ups or to kids.
Segel not only does the legacy of Henson's creation proud with The Muppets, he's delivered one of the best family films of the last decade and arguably the funniest film of 2011.
The love Segel has for the Muppets is a genuine, perceivable and positive quality that suffuses this good-hearted revitalization of the franchise, and if some wish fulfillment sneaks in there too, it seldom gets in the way of the enjoyment to be had.
The hilarious, genuinely uplifting Muppets provides hope that, even when suppressed, enthusiastic optimism lives on, just waiting for a chance to sing again.
The Muppets don't rap or bust hip-hop moves. That in itself is almost revolutionary nowadays, when adorable family-franchise characters spitting bars seems practically de rigueur.
They're still all great fun (even if, with Jim Henson gone and Frank Oz not participating, not everyone sounds quite as they did at the beginning).
These are the same old, adorable Muppets, as sweetly innocent and likable as ever. Winking at itself, the movie is casually, amusingly self-reflexive.
It's fun to spend time with these characters again.
Those who fondly remember "The Muppet Show" will get a kick out of seeing old friends again; those who don't just might realize what they missed.
A delighted woman behind me almost needed oxygen as she watched Camilla and her singing chicken gals do a cheeky, clucking rendition of Cee Lo Green's "Forget You."
I'm fiercely protective of these old friends -- and I believe that the great Jim Henson would be very pleased with this movie.
No matter who you're taking to the movies, and even if you're going by yourself, you can't go wrong with this one.
Mostly, The Muppets is a cry for decency from a couple of guys who have done their part to coarsen the culture - which may be the greatest irony of all.
For kids, blessedly unironic by nature until wised up by nurture, the movie is just shiny, funny, and filled with songs...
The Muppets may have been born out of a desire to revive a dormant franchise that was once a cash cow, but there isn't a single beat in the film that feels crass or opportunistic. This one is from the heart.
The challenge Disney has with The Muppets is to show a new generation what the fuss was all about. Slam-dunk. The movie slaps a smile on your face you won't want to wipe off.
I don't know why The Muppets faded away over the last couple of decades, but [this film] proves that they still have plenty of heart and smart-assness to give to a new generation and beyond.
After too long an absence in the spotlight, this movie is a vivid reminder of how much we all could use some Muppets in our lives.
You don't know what you've got till it's gone, and it turns out the movie world has been a lesser place without the Muppets.
If Segel's efforts aren't quite sensational, that's okay. They're still inspirational, celebrational and - most important - Muppetational, a concept that's been in sadly short supply as of late.
Segel would seem an unlikely choice to spark a revival of the lovable foam-and-felt puppets, but here they are - as funny, outlandish and sweet as ever.
It's time to start the music. The Muppets have gotten a brilliant makeover. The holiday season just got a whole lot brighter.
Enough to make you go Manha-Manha! remember that feeling you got in the cinema watching "The Muppet Movie" as a tyke? You'll feel it all again.
The beloved gang's sweet reunion will melt nostalgic adults into laughter and tears, and maybe kids won't mind drippy new Muppet Walter so much.
"The Muppets'' marks a very welcome return for Kermit the Frog, Miss Piggy and the rest of Jim Henson's creations after a 12-year big-screen absence.
Shrewdly conceived, this franchise rebook aims to please adult viewers who remember the TV show, as well as their children, exposed for the first time to the magic of the cultural phenomenon.
'The Muppets' is not just one of the best films of the year, it is an affirmation that we can indeed occasionally find our way home again, and that some things shouldn't change.
If you similarly find yourself fighting back tears of joy - even during a sequence in which chickens cluck along to a sanitised (muppetised?) version of Cee-Lo's F*ck You - know that you are far from alone. The Muppets makes superfans out of all of us.
The Muppets is an infectiously happy tribute to and rejuvenation of Jim Henson's signature creation, given new life by Jason Segal.
Effortlessly blending wised-up, self-reflexive humor with old-fashioned let's-put-on-a-show pizzazz, The Muppets is an unexpected treat
A mostly winning return for childhood favorites from a prior century looks to accomplish its goal of pleasing old fans and winning new ones.
One of the best movies you'll see this year.
For the first several reels, The Muppets is nearly perfect with its winningly dopey musical numbers and joyful humor.





@highlight

Clever, charming, and heartfelt, The Muppets is a welcome big screen return for Jim Henson's lovable creations that will both win new fans and delight longtime devotees.