What really sells it is a fantastic support cast featuring Paul Rudd, Jason Segel, Kristen Wiig, Jonah Hill and Leslie Mann.
... Seth Rogen and Katherine Heigl have great chemistry onscreen and they are hysterical together.
It might look slightly risqué but the message remains the same: get married, stay married and buy lots of stuff.
[Apatow] makes responsibility and commitment funny; no mean feat.
What makes most of Knocked Up work is its ability to squeeze big laughs out of real-world situations.
Knocked Up proves that hit comedy doesn't have to dumb down for its demographic.
With sparkling performances from Rogen and Heigl, Apatow once again shows his sharp eye for talent and continuing knack for hits.
The jokes, which are in the absolute poorest taste, remain hilarious, while a newer, deeper humanism, sensed in momentary flashes in the earlier film, is now fully on display.
The movie is a decisive breakthrough for Apatow, whose comic instincts go hand in hand with an unfashionable empathy.
It's a hysterical, well acted, and wonderful glimpse at impending parenthood from a man's perspective...
It's a movie with heart and with balls, and it knows when to use each of them.
If Apatow was seeking to make a film that's smutty and funny, but also romantic and realistic about relationships, he's succeeded admirably.
It's the funniest, smartest, goofiest, dirtiest, coolest (and longest -- over two hours, in fact) comedy so far this year.
Knocked Up is possibly the best comedy of the year.
For all of its filthy tirades, Knocked Up is perhaps one of the more sentimental and honorable morality tales this year, featuring more educational value and entertainment than all of the after school specials in the world.
There are also surprisingly few subplots for a movie that lasts more than two hours. What is on display, however, is very fertile stuff.
A surprisingly sincere look at male-female Mars-Venusness in these 00s. It's funny alright, but not in the way you might think.
Apatow's cockeyed Citizen Kane, merging goofball, pothead jokes with a plausible story of unshakable relationship discomfort; a broad mismatch of personalities and body shapes glued together by the cruelty of insemination.
Interesting blend of frat-house smarm and emotional incisiveness
The film seethes with misdirected and unrecognized anger.
Knocked Up is like a Hallmark Greeting Card with crude verse. It's is an uneasy mix of ethnic humor, slacker humor, and human drama -- some is amusing, some is indulgent, and some is strained.
[A] very funny Peter Pan-and-Wendy- get-preggers story.
A pleasant enough comedy that doesn't take the "gross out" too far and presents a complex, if egotistical view of pregnancy and responsibility.
Apatow simply knows funny when he sees it, and he gives his actors' ample opportunity to plumb all possible comic depths.
Knocked Up really comes alive when it has something to say about the thorny responsibilities -- and unexpected blessings -- of adult relationships.
For all its avowed interest in life -- as in, you know, the biological imperatives of our existence -- its characters seem acquainted only with television.
Apatow's talent for accurately portraying his generation at their most self-absorbed doesn't quite go as far at justifying the script's patchy, haphazard conflicts at it does toward explaining the film's bloated running time.
everything about it is great
iako je iskusnijem gledatelju odredi%u0161te jasno, na samom putovanju ga %u010Dekaju mnoga ugodna iznena%u0111enja
There is always something to smile about and identify with. If you're a slacker, condescending or extremely hormonal this film has someone for you to worship.
Somehow, some way, Apatow has crafted that rarest of gems -- equal parts heart and crass.
Suficientemente divertido e doce para garantir uma nada hesitante recomendação.
Knocked Up is an instant classic, and cements Apatow's status as the top comedic director in the business
Stupidest and most overhyped piece of garbage since "Little Miss Sunshine"
Raunchy but tender comedy about sex and parenthood.
The comedic concept of Judd Apatow's 40-Year-Old Virgin may never again be topped, but Apatow, today's King of Comedy, actually managed to make Knocked Up a better movie.
A fun, relevant, raunchy and often hilarious movie.
Although this story about a mismatched couple expecting a baby strains credibility and sometimes pushes the limits of good taste, it delivers plenty of belly laughs.
I chuckled some; I smiled a lot.
The professionally ambitious Alison and the unemployed slacker Ben are the ultimate odd couple, both likable though unsuited in every way.
If Judd Apatow is going to set the gold standard for American screen comedy, it's only natural to start expecting more.
Apatow's hardly the first filmmaker to go all gooshy on the subject of kids after becoming a father himself, but with his comic talent and flair for character, you'd think his movie would be more insightful about impending parenthood.
It's hard to deny the fact that, all this considered, it's a work of art, even with that title.
Now that he's tackled the topic of sex, Apatow continues his exploration into the world of relationships with the next logical step -- pregnancy -- and in doing so, has created another cult classic.
Maybe I'm being a little harsh on this movie, because there are a couple of funny scenes here and there, but they are so outweighed by the ones that bored me silly, they're not the ones that I remember.
It's just too refreshing to see a well-made, genuinely funny comedy that is actually about something meaningful.
Ultimately it's a refreshing, amusing, and surprisingly touching comedy.
This feels like the world's longest pregnancy or comedy, with a running time of 129 minutes. Knocked Up is like a helium balloon with a slow leak that quits hugging the ceiling and starts sliding down the wall the longer it goes.
A mostly funny, occasionally charming, steadily foul-mouthed, frequently well-written, otherwise downright stupid comedy, enjoyable in spite of its unaccountably overblown length of over two hours.
Finally, a breath of fresh air arrives in the stale summer of sequels.
Given that I like everyone involved, it is puzzling to me that I did not enjoy it, but such is life.
You will recognize Ben Stone, in all his potheaded, work-fearing glory, and the laugh of recognition is surely the purest of all laughs.
New film from Apatow, Hollywood's new king of comedy, is not as uproarious as his 40 Year Old Virgin, but for the most part, it's funny, witty, and replete with memorable one-liners, even if film's running time (133 minutes for a comedy?) is excessive.
Extremely funny, well written and sharply observed comedy with strong comic performances from its talented cast.
Funny, rude and with a heart of gold that surprisingly doesn't grate.
This is a rare thing - a comedy for both him and her.
If the essence of great comedy is truth then Knocked Up falls some way short.
Judd Apatow's follow-up to The 40-Year-Old Virgin is snort-all-over-the-person-in-front-of-you funny, hand-over-mouth filthy, and as exhilarating as inhaling from a 10-ton oxygen tank.
Very funny for an hour, Judd Apatow's script and direction are finally mugged by a gang worse than any of these. The feelgood moralists, who terrorise all parts of Tinseltown.
Two future parents in their early 20s, hardly even grownups, make a romantic, idealistic wager on the future of their love. Apatow pulls off the considerable trick of making us feel protective, even parental towards these people.
The script is a rude joy, but the humour takes a good 40 minutes to really take wing.
A satire on American infantilism - or an example of it? Either way, it's funny.
Knocked Up really is the comedy of the year.
Knocked Up reinvents the romantic comedy for a new generation.
It's so funny that you'll be snorting popcorn out of your nose before the end.
The mix of emotionally rich humour and sheer bawdy pleasures makes Knocked Up one of the finest Hollywood comedies for years. If you have someone special in your life, this just maybe the best date movie ever.
The year's best comedy; one that confirms the arrival of an extended group of talent that looks set to take the studio comedy crown from the likes of Ferrell, Stiller and Carrey.
Warm, funny, smart. The best rom-com in a long time.
Knocked Up touches places most comedies wouldn't dare, some of them scarily biological, some of them scarily accurate. It's the sleeper hit of the summer, but don't worry: it's much better than that.
There's no doubt director/writer Apatow is supplying a national service by allowing the inept to feel adequate about themselves.
As with the best comedies, the film mines its laughs from recognizable human traits. Its premise might sound like something some folks might dread, but as a movie, it's everything you could wish for.
Has its moments, but not enough of them, and it ends up not saying much of anything.
A highly scathing jolt of relationship reality.
Judd Apatow's Knocked Up may have a provocative title, but just like a TV sitcom that placates an audience's apprehension about the real world, it neither titillates nor challenges.
The humor arises from the situations and the characters, not from an overeager screenwriter's determination to cram as many jokes and putdowns into the script as possible.
Goodhearted and refreshingly messy.
Knocked Up isn't better because it is more realistic, but this approach lends the material an appropriately mature tone.
From the ridiculous to the profound, there are many truths in this smart comedy that takes flight from its talented cast.
For all the talk of "morals" in the American cultural dialogue, stoner Ben says the only thing that really should matter: "I just want to do right by you."
Like many films of late, Knocked Up is a little too long, but it's worth it in the end. Stone is so pathetic, we need extra time for Apatow to convince us that Alison shouldn't have an abortion
It shows Nine Months what a great childbirth comedy can be.
We often feel like our hopes and dreams are over once a child enters the equation, but it's movies like this that help remind us it's only the beginning.
There is raunch aplenty, but none that doesn't serve a story that is sharp, smart and wry
There are some downsides, but you have enough laughs, so it's entertaining. I wouldn't throw the baby out with the bathwater, just go in knowing this is not the next classic romantic comedy.
The hilarious Knocked Up is a great companion piece to 40 Year Old Virgin. Taking the struggles that haunt a mismatched relationship to the next level, Heigl and Rogen light up the screen with the comedic help of a fantastic supporting cast.
A male fantasy of rescue from irrelevance...
Apatow loves his actors and the characters they play, and the improvisational spirit on his set keeps the comedy fresh and real.
Knocked Up, despite its premise, is a warm and appealing movie. Even though it runs about two hours and 10 minutes ... it keeps you bonded with the characters.
I did not know what to expect going into this film. I was prepared for an offensive natured film, but I was very surprised. This film was clean and had taste.
"Knocked Up" is one hilarious moment on top of another...
[Apatow] sees love as something that can slip in the back door when the front door is barricaded by common sense.
The movie gets a lot of mileage from the boys' bonding over shared fears, frustrations, and yearnings.
It is hilarious, heartwarming and an absolute delight from beginning to end.
This is a genuine romantic comedy. It's funny, honest, and%u2026romantic. Who'da thunk?
It is not easy to walk that tightrope between clever, witty, insightful humor and bawdy farce, but Apatow seems to walk it with ease.
Knocked Up isn't going to help change the world or anything, but at the very least it may help take one's mind off the relentlessly dismal headlines. I don't know what greater service a mere movie can perform these days.
Engagingly raunchy, but strip Apatow's films of their vulgarity and they'd warm the heart of a Production Code censor from a half century ago.
The film simply can't and doesn't live up to the lofty expectations created by its "Virgin" predecessor.
Brush aside the crude formula and bathroom humor and you've got yourself a surprisingly delicate social commentary.
Not only is it hysterically funny, but it's refreshing to see a movie about adults that's not dumbed down for kids.
Knocked Up is an ambient, funny movie more devoted to enjoying the journey of its characters' world than it is bothered with its destination.
An unlikely but likable comedy, bigger on sweetness than it is on belly laughs.
As observational satire, it lacks the outcast verve that comes with real outrage.
One of the best scenes in the film belongs to Harold Ramis as Ben's dad. When Ben goes to his father with concerns about his own impending fatherhood, the two share a lovely heart to heart.
With equal measures of raunch and sentimentality, Knocked Up explores the minefield of imminent parenthood for two people who don't know each other very well.
Although I loved this movie, I'm getting tired of the King of Queens world where attractive, capable women fall in love with/end up mothering shlubby, childish men.
It's all about pushing the envelope and scoring one for less attractive, socially awkward males.
Its best and worst attribute is how nice it is.
Apatow's ability to wring laughs both large and small out of ordinary situations is enviable.
Knocked Up has a lot of great big belly laughs, yet it eventually arrives at a place of truth %u2013 a place where the characters have learned something about themselves and their lives.
A hilarious family values flick which manages to convince you that it's possible to transform a misogynist into a doting father on the guilt of an unplanned pregnancy.
Run out and see this baby.
A refreshingly frank, funny odd-couple comedy with engaging leads and too many belly laughs to count.
Knocked Up is a knockout.
... a genuine honesty and realism that lets R-rated hilarity ensue from the truth instead of mere spectacle.
Follows the standard crude romantic comedy formula, but it does so with remarkable intelligence. It's not just crude and funny, it's also perceptive and smart.
How can a movie be simultaneously profane and sweet?
... the bawdy humor always seems to be around to keep things in check.
A virtual cinematic guide to pop culture circa 2007. How it all plays 10 years from now doesn't really matter because we guarantee you will be quoting lines from this movie for a long time to come.
This film is every man's wet dream. What woman wouldn't want to have a one night stand with a drunken, fat, vulgar, irresponsible, dirty looking slob?
Knocked Up depicts its central concept far more truthfully than we have any right to expect: a blessed event, yes, but also chaotic, scary, and supremely difficult.
Believe the hype, Knocked Up is one of the funniest films of 2007.
Hilarious from moment to moment, but leaving behind both a warm glow and a sting. This is a picture that refuses to fetishize either the ability to conceive or the significance of our place in the universe once we've done so.
There's value in films about supernatural heroes and bigger-than-life villains, but the ones that stick with us feature characters we can relate to. Apatow has given birth to that sort of film, and he should be a very proud papa.
What makes the movie so winning are its endearing and relatable characters who spout believable dialogue and amusing banter, steeped in clever pop-culture references and sharp observations of human nature.
Beginning at the end of the traditional meet-court-marry-impregnate chain of romantic events, Apatow's clever comedy is a romance in reverse, and it works.
Like 40-Year-Old Virgin, it feels both comfortably wrinkled and entirely authentic - a handmade necklace among prefabricated trinkets.
Knocked Up is a different kind of movie, a refreshing mix of the whip smart and the heartfelt.
One of the raunchiest, dirtiest, most hilarious movies in recent memory and, hands down, the best American comedy of the year so far.
It's hard enough to find comedies like this at any time, so it's a small and welcome miracle to come upon one in the midst of a typical movie summer, richer than ever in over-budgeted, underwhelming inanities.
It's a very funny 90-minute movie, trapped in a 129-minute movie that has many, many dead spots and unfunny patches.
Apatow shows how a comedy should and can be more like life, without sacrificing a laugh.
Hollywood's reigning auteur of raunchy romantic comedy, Judd Apatow, scores a near-knockout with Knocked Up, his extremely funny and sweetly endearing follow-up to The 40-Year-Old Virgin.
It's what makes Apatow's comedies so interesting: old-fashioned notions of love and commitment, delivered with honesty and without too much sentiment, decorated with a contemporary taste for the vulgar.
Apatow has a gift for earthy, snarky humor and for making heroes of the lamest of doofuses. His wit is sharp, his feel for a wide range of characters is deep, and his ability to coax random hilarity out of an improvising cast is precious and rare.
Knocked Up is a knockout.
Apatow's dialogue is so good, the undercurrent of his story so inherently sweet, and the performances so engaging, that you surrender immediately.
Something about its portrait of the battle between men and women rings familiar and true, and it has a sweetness and innocence that elevates the best of the genre.
[C]elebrat[es] as charming and inevitable and amusing and sweet what anyone who is that apparently rare specimen -- an actual, genuine grownup -- should be decrying as deplorable.
What ultimately makes the film so satisfying is the seriousness and affection with which Apatow treats his characters, no matter how drug-addled or misguided they may be.
I'm not saying this is a John Cassavetes film or anything, but the movie's ability to uncork one great line after another that evokes both a laugh and an uncomfortable feeling of recognition is masterful.
It's the Sideways of the Something About Mary subgenre, a raunchy cartoon laughfest that takes its emotional issues dead seriously.
As he did with Virgin, Apatow here pulls off the not inconsiderable feat of making the crude seem somehow endearing. There's something in the Apatow style that makes palatable material that in the hands of other directors would be tasteless.
Already a hilarious filmmaker, Judd Apatow is maturing into an emotionally resonant storyteller.
While Apatow's movie isn't perfect, it's still a fumbling and funny valentine to the shock of pregnancy, the reality of love and the chaos of all that comes after.
Look at what else is playing in multiplexes across North America at the moment and, if you can find a film that entertains and touches as effectively, give us a call.
Knocked Up is full of huge laughs and witty pop culture banter but also offers insightful and honest explorations of marriage, relationships, friendship and parenthood.
Even if it goes on past full-term, it never seems like labor: more like a big bungle of joy.
It's a very simple movie that ends up making room for some invitingly complex ideas.
Following up his smash hit The 40-Year-Old Virgin with the similarly crude-yet-cuddly Knocked Up, Judd Apatow confirms that he is the master of a new cinematic subgenre, the Filthy Feel Good comedy.
Knocked Up is half goofball guy-movie and half sentimental chick-flick, and it works on both levels, even if it does overstay its welcome.
[Helmer] Apatow and company's latest endeavor has a lot going for it, including heart and intelligence.
The 40-Year-Old Virgin and his new Knocked Up make writer-director Judd Apatow today's preeminent creator of low-concept sex comedies.
Blisteringly hilarious from start to finish, a relationship comedy built on sturdy emotional conflict and not a series of flimsy gags.
Here is a movie loaded with raunchy jokes about premarital sex and getting stoned that is not just soda-out-the-nose funny but also one of the most life-affirming and pro-marriage movies ever made.
Funny? Sometimes. Hilarious? Not so much. It's a druggie comedy that plays like the bloated brother of the crisper and cuter The 40 Year Old Virgin.
At an unwieldy 132 minutes, the movie eventually turns into what to expect when someone's expecting onscreen. Still, though not quite as polished as "Virgin," "Knocked Up" is 2007's funniest, and most sincere, comedy so far.
Knocked Up has a really surprising sweetness to it amidst some truly raunchy jokes.
"Knocked Up" has an elegance of form, a generosity of spirit and a mad determination to take things too far - and then farther -that approaches comic perfection. And in the end achieves it.
Takes a worn-out plot and give it a surprisingly warm and fuzzy, yet very R-rated face lift.
The situations are so painful sometimes that its almost as if Apatow sat down and made a list of the things that create friction between men and women and then wrote a script around that.
As he demonstrated with "The 40-Year-Old Virgin," writer-director Judd Apatow has a unique ability to make sordid subject matter come off sweetly.
The "oh, no, they didn't!" element and the gross-out factor work best when they are in the context of characters we root for and yes, even some tenderness or the raunch is just juvenile, and a little boring for anyone past middle school.
A sex comedy with a large heart and a generous spirit, Judd Apatow's Knocked Up is a thrilling piece of work - a character-driven story rooted in adult reality that's the funniest film since, uh, what? Maybe ... ever.
an (almost) across-the-board crowd-pleaser. There's a reasonable amount of risque humor to pacify those who love gross-out gags and enough of a love story to satisfy viewers looking for a good romance.
...suffers from an aimless, overlong sort of vibe that often threatens to negate its many positive attributes.
...the latest movie in one of the odder hybrid genres: the cross between the romantic comedy and the gross-out fratboy farce.
[Apatow] dampens any impending slapstick with his brilliant, deceptively ragged dialogue; the situations live and breathe via his finely tuned talk.
Judd Apatow is making comedies but also wants to tell relationship stories and get more serious at times, for better or worse.
[Apatow] makes these basic situations as humane and as funny as you'd expect, and he makes it look effortless.
A very lovable and witty comedy that should be a welcome friend in this sequel-heavy summer.
Marks a more mature worldview and understanding of relationships from [Apatow's] last film.
You can't go wrong with Knocked Up if you just want to laugh, and feel a bit dirty about it later.
Not only does the film treat its characters with respect and without condescension, it does so even when their actions border on the indefensible.
It may be a bit, um, premature to say so, but Judd Apatow's Knocked Up strikes me as an instant classic, a comedy that captures the sexual confusion and moral ambivalence of our moment.
Either an act of subversive genius or a strangely conservative scolding in the guise of a dumb comedy.
Apatow knows growing up is a rough patch of grass but he wants to understand it. Such lofty ambitions seem to have been largely banished from romantic comedies, but here, it gives Knocked Up an honest timelessness.
An attitude bazooka full of sex, drugs and raw language, yet so high on babies and family values that this must be the first R-rated film for both sleazoid slackers and earnest right-to-lifers.
Judd Apatow's high-density, high-intensity comedy of bad (and good) manners is a cause for celebration -- the laugh lines are smart, and they come faster than you can process them.
Apatow has an original wit and golden touch that seems to cry out for more sophisticated material: It will be very interesting to see what he does with the free rein that the enormous box-office success of this movie is likely to bring him.
It's not that Knocked Up is misogynistic -- if anything, Apatow is uxorious to a fault, scrupulously respectful of chicks and the chick stuff they do. He just doesn't seem to get exactly what that stuff is.
Apatow's marriage of guyville and girlworld is not one made in heaven -- he's too pragmatic to observe the rom-com conventions. What's potent about Knocked Up is its down-to-earthiness.
Apatow's gleefully raunchy movies are, in an odd and charming way, extremely family-friendly.
I doubt you'll see a funnier movie this summer than Knocked Up. Apatow has clearly earned the unusual mantle of chief chronicler of modern family life in all its profane glory.
Even if you haven't been in this exact situation, if you ever did, this Judd Apatow fella would totally know what it's like.
Sweep aside the gross-outs and you've got the family values comedy of the year.
Funny, honest, and generous, this is mainstream American comedy at its best.
Apatow's awfully sharp as a chronicler of contemporary romantic anxieties.
With his latest, writer/director Judd Apatow proves he has a very unique talent - he can create a male arrested adolescent gross-out comedy while playing to and understanding the emotions of women.
The late, great Rodney Dangerfield used to say that the best part about babies is making them. Knocked Up proves that the nine-month ride can also be pretty damn fun, too.
While Seth Rogen's no Steve Carell, he's perfect for Knocked Up: Both the star and the movie are flabby, immature and almost always funny.
Yes, it's often gross and even more often funny, but it also gets at what it might really be like to be in your 20s and to feel that, to paraphrase Britney Spears, you're not a kid and not yet an adult.
KNOCKED UP mines a vein that has been tapped before by filmmakers, but which has rarely been presented with as much warmth and genuine humor. I just wish that a more judicious editor (or a stronger producer) had tightened it up.
If you want to hate on Judd Apatow's Knocked Up -- and the anti-crowd-pleaser contingent will surely ding it -- then get ready to be drowned out by the sound of laughter from the rest of us.
Unlike so many comedies that rely on plastic characters based on no one from this universe, Apatow studies society and what truly makes us laugh -- which often turns out to be ourselves.
An era-defining comedy classic to rank with Little Miss Sunshine. It's this generation's When Harry Met Sally, and it's even better than The 40-Year-Old Virgin, because the freakish situation it uses as a setup is life.
Knocked Up has more heart than any of the Hollywood blockbusters released so far this year ... combined.
Knocked Up is so enamored of Ben and his insouciant charm that it fails to wonder what it must feel like for the girl.
Knocked Up turns out to be not just rude, crude and outrageously funny but a deceptively sophisticated meditation on moral agency -- with pot jokes!
Knocked Up is a good film. Lurking beneath the surface is a great one just dying to break free.
Knocked Up never stops being funny, but after a while it eases into a profound commentary about commitment, sacrifice and the life-changing results of one fleeting mistake.
Knocked Up positions itself as this summer's 40 Year Old Virgin. But it's actually this summer's Jersey Girl, a tone-deaf skip down parenthood lane for a generation that grew up on bong hits, blogging and supposedly safe sex.
Grownups, your summer smash has arrived.
Apatow...makes the nicest movies to have ever been rated R.
The comedy often feels like voyeurism -- a bunch of really funny guys (and girls) invited us over to hang out with them for the weekend.
Two hours and small change seems like a lot for any movie comedy to ask of its audience. But it's hard to imagine how much Knocked Up could shed from its baggy frame without diminishing its roughhousing charms.
Those of us whose diet includes two dozen romantic comedies a year may find Apatow's crass good nature appealing. Knocked Up has something to shock almost everyone but something to make almost everyone smile, too.
More than just laugh-out-loud funny. It's the relationship comedy of the summer and likely the best boy-meets-girl movie of the year.
An uproariously frank treatment of pregnancy and adulthood. Movies about family chaos are generally the province of PG-rated Steve Martin comedies, which makes the raw candor of Apatow's film not only refreshing, but more honest in its sentiment.
Like most of Apatow's work, Knocked Up walks a perilous line between sarcasm and sentimentality, and though it's extremely funny in bursts, the movie flirts once too often with schmaltz before toppling into melodrama in its third act.
Good as a nutty anthropology of marginal living and as an illustration of how much energy it takes to do nothing in a work-obsessed society.
Finds humor and pathos in sex, friendship, relationships and the relentless process of growing up.
Has some sporadic laughs, but Ben and especially his roommates are just too gross to be the kind of charming free spirits Apatow thinks they are.
Judd Apatow makes me want to be a dude.
A film that manages to be uncommonly thoughtful and sensitive to the complexity of its very faulted characters while still being relentlessly, brilliantly funny.
Uproarious. While keeping your funny bone occupied, quietly reaches for your heart bone. Yes, it's coarse, okay, vulgar, and crude. Alas, the title doesn't promise you tact.
You don't need a telescope to spot a new star. Check out the blisteringly funny relationship film "Knocked Up" and you'll leave the theaters certain that Seth Rogen is movie comedy's next big thing.
It's a near-perfect mix of juvenility and intelligence, and of coarseness and sweetness.
Once Heigl sells us on why she might not outrightly reject the man of her nightmares and delineates a character who might take a sort of let's see approach, we detect the charm of her interpretation and the possibilities of the premise.
Knocked Up is comic chicken soup for the Colbert Nation soul.
Apatow's part in the rehab of the mainstream comedy relies on the underlying yearnings of archetypal social strivers.
The likelihood of [director Judd] Apatow turning into Chris Columbus or Ron Howard seems refreshingly slight.
Except for being a bit on the long side -- which you won't mind because you'll be having too much fun -- it's pretty close to perfect.
Judd Apatow is making the freshest, most honest mainstream comedies in Hollywood.
Apatow is clearly a romantic, even if there's a profane edge to his 'love conquers all' worldview. Other filmmakers embarking into the comedy minefield could learn a thing or two from him. He's two for two.
Writer/director Judd Apatow ("The 40 Year Old Virgin") shatters romantic comedy conventions to create a side-splitting movie hinged on fundamental differences between men and women.
(Knocked Up is) hilarious, heartfelt, endearing and just a wee bit evil in how it depicts the rigors of adult responsibility, and the inherent human desire to shirk same.
Lewd, crude and straight from the heart...
It's a sincere meditation on adulthood, accountability, and fidelity -- and, yeah, getting high.
a winning combination of wit, physical humor and bawdy sight gags.
Knocked Up feels very now. The banter is bruisingly funny, the characters brilliantly childish, the portrait of our culture's narrowing gap between children and their elders hysterical -- in all senses.
Another helping of the combination of romantic sweetness and slob comedy that made The 40-Year-Old Virgin such a smash...the raunchiness too often overwhelms the charm.
Because its central character is a meticulously architected dude, Knocked Up is a contrived male fantasy.
Dabbles in the improbable loony male-driven fantasy of flabby slacker sex appeal, while taking pot shots at the snobbery of upwardly mobile gorgeous women who wouldn't give them a second look in actual life.
Judd Apatow's raunchy and realistic look at sex, marriage and responsible parenting is one of the most consistently funny movies of the year.
Relatability is certainly a key component of Knocked Up's inherent appeal.
A mega-laugh comedy about the messiness of change with lovable characters whose humor and flawed humanity make them very appealing.
You expect it to be crude, rude, profane and hilariously vulgar - and it doesn't disappoint.
The one-liners are sustained throughout the entire 132 minutes.
Though some, including the filmmakers, might find this sort of material smart and real, others might consider it middlebrow and not particularly representative of the complex and interesting people they know, some of whom are even men.
What do I already know after just one screening? That this belongs on the short list of the best comedies of the last twenty years.
Filled with real characters, great pop culture references, foul-mouthed jokes and with a gooey sweetness right at the center, Knocked Up is a comedy classic.
Thanks, Mr. Apatow, for (once again) proving that "R Rated Comedy" is not the exclusive domain of the base, the callous and the insipid.
I wondered why there aren't more films -- especially comedies -- this sharp, this clever, this good.
It's not just about growing up, it's the kind of movie that helps you grow up.
Knocked Up is uproarious. Line for line, minute to minute, writer-director Judd Apatow's latest effort is more explosively funny, more frequently, than nearly any other major studio release in recent memory.


@highlight

Knocked Up is a hilarious, poignant and refreshing look at the rigors of courtship and child-rearing, with a sometimes raunchy, yet savvy script that is ably acted and directed.