[Don] Argott has made a worthwhile contribution to a controversy that deserves an audience.
A fascinating good guy vs. bad guy art film about the big business of culture, that puts it on the same footing as big corporations.
Argott beautifully explicates how this crew pulled off the most daring daylight art theft in history, though his passionate identification with the pro-Barnes faction limits the movie's political nuance.
No matter what side you end up taking, you still might be tempted to call your lawyer to go over your will just one more time.
The Art of the Steal paints only in black and white.
A tragic, true tale exposing America's ugly, two-tiered system of justice defined by the color line.
Its lack of objectivity doesn't hurt the film as a piece of entertainment, although it does seem to weaken its own argument a little.
Don Argott's new documentary makes some of the most outlandish conspiracy theories seem strangely believable.
...A highly partisan and energetic documentary
A terrifically convoluted yarn with dozens of major players.
There's a nagging, one-sided feel to this unapologetic bit of activist filmmaking, but that doesn't make the story any less compellilng, or the film any less enraging.
The film's good versus bad scenario is, while understandable, too simplistic.
Barnes might be only one man, but The Art of the Steal shows exactly what happens when politicians become too hungry with power and heavily infringe upon our private lives. Now I guess I can see why the Tea Party is all up in arms.
A model of documentary filmmaking and activist cinematic journalism: unfailingly entertaining, expertly constructed and undeniably -- perhaps justifiably -- biased.
While The Art of the Steal makes a very convincing -- even bone-chilling -- argument... the film fails to even ponder why easier access to some of the world's greatest art treasures might not be an entirely bad thing.
Controversial and suspenseful, it evolves like a crime thriller as a collector's legally documented wishes are corrupted by the vulgarity of commerce.
That tens of thousands of years of human and cultural progress could manifest itself in a single human being... and be obliterated in less than a half-century by commoditization to the advantage of public and private power-brokers is the great tragedy.
It's a tangled web spinning so far out of control if it were fiction no one would ever have believed it to be possible, die hard conspiracy theorists likely to find the scenario too outlandish even for them.
The Art of the Steal ultimately gets mired in the legal weeds, a snare made all the more frustrating by the fact that the move is a fait accompli.
It's impossible not to be moved by the almost eerie film footage of the walls of the Barnes' original home with the art removed, revealing bare hooks and patches of unfaded paint: ghosts, doomed to wander.
It is a pretty informative documentary and, as such, it's sure to get at least a few devoted art lovers' blood boiling.
A blunt, persuasive documentary.
I found it fascinating for a number of reasons, balanced reporting not among them.
While outraged aesthetes tell us that the Barnes Foundation is a perfect jewel box of a museum, the filmmakers they hired to argue their case don't spend enough time exploring or explaining what makes this cloister so special.
...a biased hatchet job, glorifying a guy who tried to limit the viewing of great art to a chosen few and villifying those who fought to free them for wider viewing.
The Art of the Steal lays out a good story, but perhaps not the whole story.
In spite of a fair amount of screen time for the move's proponents, Steal is a polemic that decries the subversion of Barnes' will and what it all means for the future of the arts.
No matter what side you're on, you're likely to be flabbergasted as The Art of the Steal details the twists and turns of chicanery and fate that brought his art to the pass it's at today.
The movie is clear, absorbing and argumentative.
Marshaling a wealth of archival and new material, it made me want to hop on a plane to Philadelphia to see the original before it's emptied.
The movie's never less than entertaining, but you often feel like arguing with the screen, and not in a good way.
A fine documentary that inspires thought long after the details of the art collection are forgotten.
What is finally clear: It doesn't matter a damn what your will says if you have $25 billion, and politicians and the establishment want it.
Don Argott's documentary tracks the Barnes Foundation's complicated history, from its inception by Albert C. Barnes to the ugly legal battle over its relocation from Merion, PA to Philadelphia.
The gripping yet hyperbolic drama examines the ownership of art and the public's right to it.
With talking heads, helpful graphics and ample archival footage Argott clearly, concisely depicts the events that speed us to a struggle that's captured a city.
Don Argott's absorbing documentary reveals the truth that mainstream Hollywood movies almost always hide from us: it frequently isn't just one villain screwing someone over, it takes a village.
At times, The Art of the Steal is a bit too shocked by the vulgarity of commerce, but it's memorable when it meditates on the changing face of where we look at art, and how that changes the art itself.
I think it's gripping.
It's a really interesting story, but I think it's just too black and white.
Calculated to enrage and pulling it off like gangbusters...
A thoroughly compelling, well-edited and riveting documentary that finds just the right balance between entertaining the audience and provoking them intellectually.
An arousing David versus Goliath narrative with a fascinating ensemble of protagonists ... and villains.
Argott treats Barnes' story as an intellectual crime thriller, uncovering each new surprise - and a seemingly endless parade of villains - with a deadpan flourish. Read more: http://www.nydailynews.com/entertainment/movies/2010/02/26/2010-02-26_short_tak
A riveting documentary that speaks volumes about art, private collections, painting masterpieces, and the power plays of the rich and the elite.
Is it really "a tragedy" that lots more people will get to see these paintings?
[Argott's] film is vain, unbalanced, illogical, overstated and damn compelling.
A hard-hitting documentary about a high-cultural brawl.
As a narrative of the facts, it is as one-sided as a plaintiff's brief.
The film is convincing and righteous in its advocacy.
"The Art of the Steal" is a well-researched and fascinating look into an endemic raping and pillaging of culture exacted with an erroneous idea that "culture is industry."
This insider look at art world shenanigans and politicking is both fascinating and scandalous.
The prickliness of the doc will stay with you long after its sour hysteria fades.
The Art of the Steal presents its aesthetes versus Phila-stines argument cogently, convincingly, and engagingly.
The lesson here is more chilling - that if you have something worth stealing, no contract, however sacrosanct, can protect it.
A fascinating indictment of how legislation and politics can be abused in a way that quite literally misses the bigger picture.
...hardly the crime of the century.
Argott advances Wire creator David Simon's art to offer a leaner, meaner template for complex investigative filmmaking.
We in audience leave the theater debating whether in this case, stealing was actually merited.
A well-researched story about the most recent art-world fleecing, this "documentary" will appeal to those interested in what the cultural elite do to amuse themselves.
A fascinating, if overlong, look at a legacy perverted.

@highlight

Deeply esoteric and unapologetically one-sided, The Art of the Steal proves a documentary doesn't have to make an objective argument as long as it argues well.