Even an offhand debate between a few students late in the film about whether or not Bush is a "retard," while not exactly insightful, nonetheless portrays a student body for whom politics%u2014or at least arguing about it%u2014is essential.
The film accurately captures the world of adolescence. But emotionally and intellectually the film walks down the center stripe, picking up little insights while remaining bogged down in blandness.
The film sets just the right tone: with inventive music choices and wonderfully piquant moments plucked from what must have been hundreds of hours of footage, Frontrunners is consistently entertaining.
Perhaps it's the bright, decent, appealing kids seen here, or just the idyllic portrait Suh paints of student life at Manhattan's prestigious Stuyvesant High School that gives the picture its charm.
The kids now know how to play the game of college admissions, but they seem more jaded by their knowledge than entitled to success. And their exasperation with the process, their peers, and themselves is endlessly, illuminatingly watchable.
Sure, it's a skewed view through adolescent eyes, but it's one that still speaks to the aspirations, agendas, image-making and spin control behind a real, grown-up political election.
This film couldn't come out in a better time, in a better year.
The student election plays out as a microcosm of the race for the Oval Office.
These candidates work hard and play fair, and when they screw up or slack off, they accept the consequences without complaint. Simply because, they believe, that's the way things should be done.
what makes the movie fascinating is the particulars of the campaigns, from the way the candidates consider how to choose a running mate that will appeal to the right cliques, to how a win would improve their chances to get into a top college.
Suh reassures us that democracy is alive and well (dispelling the myth of the apathetic young voter), while making us pause to consider the kind of people who emerge from the system.
In sum, Frontrunners is like the famous New Yorker magazine cover that shows the Big Apple looming in the foreground and the rest of the country as insignificant specks in the distance.
an ebullient celebration of the arcane democratic impulse in this country
A simply-made yet entertaining doc that has a similar appeal as Alexander Payne's Election while following in the vein of docs like American Teen and Spellbound.
If you're looking for meaningful parallels with the current monumental election don't bother, but it's hard not to enjoy a movie where the primary pundit sports a Flava Flav t-shirt.
Ultimately, pic's fascination lies with the personalities and strategies of the candidates themselves.
Frontrunners is a perfect antidote to the current overly staged presidential election spectacle. It shames the dishonest teen portrait of the recent doc American Teen.
Without forcing comparisons, Frontrunners finds parallels between the election at Stuyvesant High and the current national election.
These politicians may be teens, but they grapple with constituencies, campaign strategies, and demands on their time with a spirit and seriousness of purpose suitable for the highest office in the land.
Tactfully [keeps] away from actual policy details and emotionally sticky stuff, cutting for punchlines, and overlaying campaigning montages with a playlist shuffle of kazoo-whimsical indie feyness.
The film is clearly intended as a microcosm of the US presidential elections, although the students' cutthroat tactics are bush-league in comparison.
Lacking characters as cartoonishly entertaining as the bee geeks in Spellbound, director Caroline Suh doesn't dig deep enough.
Precious screen minutes are wasted in Frontrunners with too many scenes of students standing around handing out fliers that end up on the floor or in the trash, and with rambling dialog that goes on too long.
A portrait of insulated America, FrontRunners is a political documentary that for a change doesn't pit left vs. right and invites all partisan followers to enjoy.
[a]neatly made but, ultimately, tepid high-school election documentary



@highlight

Frontrunners offers poignant insights into the high school power structure, with more than a few parallels to the current U.S. election.