The real punch of this film comes in its final reel, in which Maitland offers a reckoning of historical events with today... It's an extraordinarily powerful transformation from past to present.
[Tower] is visceral, very artistic and blends animation, news footage, radio broadcasts and personal stories into an 89-minute running time of terror.
"Tower" takes the art of rotoscoping to dizzying new heights.
Director Keith Maitland does a beautiful job traversing both darkness and light.
effectively dramatizes the horrors of that day with a uniquely humanist perspective
Tower enlists our humanity, and then preaches to us.
It gains impact when it begins to show many of the eyewitnesses and victims in some case, who in some cases are reuniting 50 years after that hot afternoon to recollect the story.
A gripping examination of human bravery and frailty in the face of barbarity.
The story of the sniper attack, which left 16 dead and three dozen wounded, is told in an extremely compelling style that combines interviews, actual film footage and animated recreations. I highly recommend this one.
Tower is a vivid snapshot of derangement, heroism, endurance and sometimes admitted cowardice on what remains the most traumatic day in University of Texas history.
A haunting re-creation of a first-of-its-kind tragedy. Fifty years later, it seems, we're no closer to answers or solutions.
No matter how many years later, no matter how cool your animation technique might be, "Nobody" somehow feels like the wrong answer to that question.
An oral history as a visual poem, director Keith Maitland's Tower attains the woozy, time-standing-still sensation of trauma as it happens.
Deftly combining archive footage, interviews and handsome rotoscoped animation, Tower is an innovative documentary account of the mass shootings on the University of Texas campus on 1 August 1966.
An insightful, intense and intensely moving experience.
Maitland's highly imaginative approach deftly pieces together a mosaic of archive footage, eyewitness testimony from key survivors and beautifully animated dramatic reconstructions.
The film stands as a powerful, emotional memorial.
Search the film out. It's worth the seeking.
An eclectic combination of reenactment, voiceover recollection and contemporary newsreel footage.
This is a morbid but very original film which manages both to be reflective and dramatic.
Maitland's harrowing doc offers a minute by-minute chronicle of how the day unfolded.
This is a remarkable and profoundly moving film with a desperately important message - for those reasons and more it demands to be seen.
Maitland's achievement is to plunge us into the nightmare right along with the people who lived through it...
The film's portrait of pain, perseverance and heroism lingers beyond the borders of time and colored hues.
"Tower" is, in a sense, about the last day of this country's innocence, or whatever was left of it after Dallas, 1963.
...the suffering of the victims and acts of police and civilian heroism is captured vividly and powerfully in this unique document of our country's sad first.
This unique mixed media 'semi-documentary' about the 1966 mass murder in Austin Texas combines historical photos and video along with animated recreations of events. It covers some, but not all important aspects of the mass murder.
...lends visual poetry to oral history.
Intensely detailed and delivered with great care, Tower is a film that really packs a punch.
Keith Maitland's use of real footage and animated characters, who turn into the real survivors of a troubled ex-Marine's barrage from the top of a University of Texas landmark, is as riveting as it gets.
Tower is a groundbreaking triumph for both documentary journalism and art.
Some animations are effective, like the hallucinogenic visions of a pregnant woman bleeding out on the pavement, or the angular, adrenalized graphics of an officer sprinting for cover.
Strikingly elegiac, it recreates a time and place that can never be lived again on many levels, and does so with sensitivity and compassion.
In addition to being as close to a you-are-there document of an incident that the NRA would probably rather we forgot, Tower also works as a study of both survivor guilt and guilt-guilt.
This is gripping nonfiction cinema containing thrills and a point.
Despite the grim topic, Tower offers moments of genuine hope in the acts of bravery and kindness that took place during the siege.
The result is a remarkable film that deserves an Academy Award nomination for best documentary.
Easily one of the best films of the year ...
Elemental yet expressionistic, Tower is an admirable attainment, a broadside from the solar plexus, and the powerhouse ending, partially narrated by Walter Cronkite commenting in the day, is magnificent. So much tenderness! So much humanity.
There's plenty of contemporary resonance to this gripping documentary.
The film's combination of archival footage and Waking Life-ish rotoscoped animation ... may actually be the best way to capture the horrid unreality of the situation. You are there.
Maitland's skillful assemblage of material gives his recounting of the terrible event remarkable immediacy while also endowing it with nightmarishly universal meaning.
It brings the terror of those 90 minutes on a sizzling 100-degree August day to vivid life.
Tower manages to collapse the space between past and present, which, given the timeliness of the subject matter, has a haunting effect.
Maitland has created a documentary with a remarkable you-are-there immediacy.
What archival footage there is of the shooting event is effortlessly woven into the narrative, acting as a recurring reminder that this was a very real thing that happened and how violent, bloody, and shocking it really was.
Those animations swirl in and out, replaced occasionally by archival footage and photographs. The result is immediate, gripping, suspenseful, and at times, a little bit trippy.
I rarely, if ever, use the cliche "a must-see movie," but in this case it's entirely apropos.
It is certainly a blurring of the lines between fact and fiction, but the result of Maitland's documentary is a new sort of truth of the University of Texas Tower shootings.
'Tower' isn't looking back on the tragedy - it's living in it, a tick-tock of an afternoon's terror, as uncertain of its causes or its outcome as the people on the UT campus were that afternoon.
That the film is as meaningful today as it would have been in 1966 is a grim testament to how little things have changed since then, though it must be said that much of what has changed doesn't paint an especially sunny tableau.
Doc uses animation to tell intense story of 1966 shooting.
Animation seems an odd means of addressing such a grim tragedy, but it gives Maitland the creative freedom to effectively tell a suspenseful, harrowing and moving story.
Whether we're talking about fictional filmmaking or documentaries, Tower is one of the best films of the year.
It ... frees the story from the musty confines of newsreel footage.
Propulsive, beautiful and tense as hell, Tower is superior documentary filmmaking.
Maitland's experimental approach to a tricky subject leaves viewers with a deeper understanding of a terrible moment in American history.
An absolutely terrifying account that keeps you fairly caught up in what essentially was just 96 minutes of terror.
You might not see a more emotionally shattering film this year.
It's definitely artful but more than a little frustrating.
Tower allies itself with the heroes on the ground and the immeasurable courage they displayed, risking everything for the sake of strangers. That's a story worth telling, one worth remembering, and what makes Tower a must-see.
Director Keith Maitland's Tower is a daring piece of documentary filmmaking.
Powerful account of the 1966 spree killings on the University of Texas, Austin campus .
Tower asks us to resee its tragedy in a way a traditional documentary never could. But it also asks us to resee all tragedies, especially the ways we inure ourselves to them.
Tower is explanatory journalism and history, but also personally expressive, and the two impulses never cancel each other out.
The animation gives Mr. Maitland a lot of creative freedom, allowing him to take Expressionistic leaps.
Maitland sticks close to the ground, providing a harrowing moment-to-moment account that foregrounds multiple acts of genuine heroism.
A piece about adrenaline, bravery, grief and memory that stands as one of the year's crowning achievements in emotional, illuminative storytelling.
Exhorted at the time to put the troubles behind them and discouraged from speaking about their experiences, many of the subjects approach Maitland's interviews as long-overdue, albeit pain-filled, acts of personal liberation.
Broadly, filmmaker Keith Maitland's treatment of the UT Tower shooting is both taut and humane.
The dramatic events of that horrible summer day are re-created through survivor interviews, and illustrated by realistic, if still weirdly dreamlike, animation.
Utilizing an engaging mix of newly filmed footage rotoscoped à la Waking Life, archival materials, and interviews, Tower employs a verbatim style to capture the harrowing events of August 1, 1966.
As much as the moviegoer in you might prefer the animation to be carried to the very end, Maitland reminds us that, style aside, Tower is a story that's all too real.
[Tower] powerfully channels the terror and confusion of that terrible August day while also achieving the weight and authority that can only come with time and distance.
Maitland's storytelling eases us into the horror, echoing the experience of witnesses who at first found it hard to digest what was going on.
Maitland crafts an absorbing account of the circumstances surrounding the massacre, setting aside the analysis of Whitman's motives (he also killed his wife and mother) for others to dissect.
By focusing on the survivors of evil instead of a perpetrator of it, and by using a daring style to do so, Tower is one of the most essential films of the year.
Tower has a very clever conceit, combining archival footage and reenactments that have been rotoscope-animated in the manner of Waking Life.

@highlight

Tower probes into a painful chapter of American history with sensitivity and grace -- and revisits its events from a valuable new perspective.