Book of Eli manages to follow the basic plot of Zardoz, while completely draining away all the meaning and coherence of the original.
This picture is one big waste of time, including that of the actors and those in the audience who pay to see it.
The Book Of Eli is just one hot mess with choppy biblical undertones... The filmmakers just tried to get too deep with something that was not fully developed.
Some curious cameos draw a smirk, but this book would have benefited from some ruthless editing before publication.
Though I can appreciate the film and the filmmakers' vision as prophetic, shocking us into thinking about the consequences of justifying violence because of religious differences, it not a film I enjoyed.
Post-apocalypse films are a dime a dozen, so what makes The Book of Eli so different? Not much, except an evangelical subplot that is not strong enough to be this film's savior.
"The Book of Eli" falls prey to several of the problems that "The Road" had, and while it wasn't as big a failure as that film, it's still a lot of apocalyptic wasteland to get through.
The ending of this film has got to be the longest ending in the history of cinema.
The Hughes brothers' film feels more vibrant than the bleak Road, which was launched at us in November. Here the brothers show us the horror but somehow the staid and calm Denzel feels more approachable than the distraught and scrambling Viggo.
I sat down to The Book of Eli expecting a lecture, and was instead treated to a rollicking action film that evoked the manic ultra-violence of Mad Max rather than the sensitive study of humanity of The Road.
Having to put your brain on cruise control to appreciate a movie is never a good sign, but in this film's case, letting yourself go for two hours is well worth it.
The prophet Denzel practices his preach in the post-apocalyptic western The Book of Eli. Jesus will not be pleased.
...a watchable endeavor that should please fans of the genre...
The Book of Eli was missing a few chapters.
While the movie has illusions of portentousness, it can - and should - be taken as a chance to see good actors having a little too much ultra-violent fun.
... this post-apocalyptic odyssey manages to bring a spiritual miracle journey to the secular world and deliver a payoff on both levels.
A crackpot blend of sadism and scriptures, and reeking with the raw scent of a fanatical fundamentalism in cool video game clothing.
It's not a great film, but has moments of brilliance. Jennifer Beals is outstanding and the lack of heavy-handed religious grandstanding is a welcome touch.
...if you can't get enough of this postapocalyptic stuff,'The Book of Eli' isn't a bad addition to the genre.
"I'm not certain the shell-game resolution is worth the journey, but the picture is satisfactorily atmospheric and often challenging, perhaps even unintentionally chilling in its closing statement of devotion."
Its unusual ambition and thoughtfulness make it resonate a bit more than most slick studio action fare.
Coming hot on the heels of The Road, Eli is a far more conventional and formulaic vision of future hell.
Decent.
Washington is always watchable and will hold your gaze during a highly ambitious but ultimately wonky attempt to inject spiritual depth into the blockbuster flock.
It's the risible writing and the self-important, self-righteous tone that ultimately prevents this odyssey from becoming the classic action film to which it aspires.
The Book of Eli opens with Denzel Washington's Eli murdering a cat, but by the end it's the film that has really screwed the pooch.
In its limpid simplicity and stock portrayals of good and evil characters, it has a forward momentum that's compelling.
At last, an action movie even the Pope can love.
Directors Allen and Albert Hughes stage some impressive set-pieces, including intricately choreographed fights and a stunning shoot-out covered by a single rotating camera.
Gary Whitta's script seems set out to mimic the contours of a religious parable. It has simplicity, sweep, incredible last minute plot twists, mystical happenings and a fundamental belief in Faith.
Though The Book of Eli devolves into a very basic series of pitched battles between the good and evil adversaries, the film does exert a tight grip on the viewer.
Gripping and thought provoking entertainment.
Are we really supposed to believe that an iPod's battery life will outlast religion?
A sense of heavy handed earnestness weigh the film down, with meaningful close ups of Denzel's determined and decent face. He is doing God's work. And God has armed him well; the sense of déjà vu is heightened by the entire production design and CGI
Unless you go into the film with low expectations, you'll probably walk out wishing the Hughes brothers disappeared for another nine years.
It is nice to know that even after the apocalypse, people will still be listening to Al Green.
Bursts of action, in which Eli turns a dozen thugs into a circle of bodies, and an interesting punchline make the moody end-of-the-world visuals bearable.
Hollywood has released a mainstream action movie about the Bible. If Eli sparks discussion about faith and the vitality of God's Word, that's cause for acclaim.
t's a post-apocalyptic western, it's an evangelical tract, it's a road movie, it's a martial arts movie, it's a disaster movie, it's a graphic novel. It's equal parts The Road and The Robe, A Fistful of Dollars and Fist of Fury. It's Mad Max meets Left Be
Not a movie for atheists. Richard Dawkins would probably insist on a refund!
The first feel-good, post-apocalyptic, religious thriller of the year (unless you hate Christians, deplore gun violence, and/or love book burnings.)
Knjiga iskupljenja se mo%u017Ee preporu%u010Diti zbog originalnog pristupa pre%u017Evakanoj, ali na %u017Ealost jo%u0161 uvijek aktualnoj temi
... may boast a futuristic vision, but it already looks old hat.
Hey, it's Denzel. But, unfortunately he's caught in a post-apocalyptic thriller pieced together from so many other films. The radiation has apparently gone to his brain. Paul Chambers, CNN.
Yes, it's another post-apocalyptic movie. But it stands on its own as a gripping, entertaining story with a couple of nifty twists.
Finally a post apocalyptic tale that offers everything you want and expect!
As a testament to the importance of the written word in its lowercase and uppercase meanings, THE BOOK OF ELI makes for an odd but compelling action film in defense of literacy and Christian faith.
Presents an interesting case for the post-apocalyptic film as the re-birth of the western, but beyond that it's pretty dumb.
... a "wait for the DVD" movie for everybody but Denzel devotees.
This mishmash of religion and violence is a wasted effort by Washington
Butt-kicking prophet of God Denzel Washington wanders an ashy wasteland in this Mad-to-the-Max post-apocalyptic Western...
It's great to see Denzel Washington back in the saddle again, but The Book of Eli is a bit of a mess.
Washington doesn't look as if he's having much fun, and who can blame him?
The Book Of Eli is directed by the Hughes Brothers. On this evidence, they've got about as much movie-making talent as the Chuckle Brothers. Their last film was From Hell. Guess what? So is this one.
While the samurai stuff is super cool, the Bible business is preposterous.
An effective post-apocalyptic action movie with elements from comic books and Westerns thrown in.
The action is exceedingly well directed, exciting, and sometimes surprising, even if the storytelling relies on some tried-and-true chestnuts.
Not only bereft of color and entertainment value, it's loaded with so many plot holes you could drive a truck through.
On a technical level, The Book of Eli is smooth and assured.
It's been quite a good long while since I can recall a post-apocalyptic film to invent so very little and to rip off the Mad Max movies quite so happily.
I hope the Hughes Brothers abandon these wannabe Hollywood glamor flicks and go back to gritty, raw dramas -- like 'Dead Presidents' and 'Menace II Society' -- that made their work so fresh and groundbreaking.
You'll probably walk out wishing the Hughes brothers disappeared for another nine years.
a curious twist on the postapocalyptic genre that keeps all the desolate visual trappings but uses them in the service of an overtly religious narrative that hinges on the transcendence of belief
I'm not going to give it away, but there's a final plot twist in this movie that is beyond absurd.
The movie occasionally teeters on greatness, especially from a visual standpoint, but nearly every brilliant moment is countered by five boneheaded errors.
With an appealing Western vibe, its fair share of dazzling set-pieces and some interesting ideas bubbling beneath the surface, Eli defies lazy dismissal as Hollywood's version of The Road.
The film's somewhat religious plot appears creative and intriguing as does the mysterious man who carries the book.
One would have to invoke supernatural influences to make it believable, and that is pretty much what is being invoked.
Without a second viewing I'm actually not sure if talking about it will simply drive me nuts or impress me more. I'm leaning toward nuts.
The movie entwines itself in a pedestrian chase-oriented narrative that drags along before descending into irredeemably inexplicable silliness.
Water and Chap Stick may be difficult to come by in the post-apocalyptic world of The Book of Eli, but ammunition certainly is not.
Despite Denzel Washington turning in a trademark, charismatic performance underscored by appropriately monochromatic cinematography, the film is still surprisingly unengaging.
Drab and solemn, it's yet another post-apocalyptic drama, delivering bloodshed that's punctuated by poetic psalms.
Not long into the production the words get uttered that turn a stylish, well-done, well-acted production to predictable mush. The words: "In the time before%u2026"
The R-rated mayhem shows imagination and flair, extrapolated from interesting ideas that poke into corners of this genre we haven't seen before.
Rejoice, Hollywood has made a movie that the Religious Right can like - if you take away the blood and gore. It's nice to know my iPod will work in a post apocalyptic world.
If quickly edited dismemberment, misogyny, and commercialized spirituality, all enacted to an annoying score composed by Atticus Ross, is your cup of tea, drink up.
This adrenaline-fueled cross between The Road Warrior and The Ten Commandments gets a tad heavy-handed at times.
Overstays its welcome and feels preposterous, sophomoric, pretentious and barely engaging thanks to the talents of Denzel Washington & Gary Oldman. It might make for a great midnight movie to laugh at given its abundance of absurdity & mindless violence.
Denzel Washington does the best he can with the material, but "The Book of Eli" is so ingrained with over-stylization, self-indulgence and ridiculous thematic material that it had no chance of succeeding from frame one.
There are a handful of moments that shine, but Eli is forgettable nonetheless.
The Book of Eli gives us some of that old time religion - along with a heaping helping of violence.
The Book of Eli has something extremely thoughtful to say and it was designed to make you think about what it is saying. This film grew on me in a big way.
The surprise ending almost matches the denouement of The Sixth Sense as an audience grabber.
"The Book of Eli" is a movie that attains perfection, of a sort -- it's perfectly ridiculous.
Denzel Washington deserves equal credit for this, delivering his best Man with No Name impression as a Bible-thumping hero in a much more literal sense, one who delivers bloody vengeance in lieu of sermons. Though these types of roles are far more demandi
This vivid world created by 'The Book of Eli' quickly collapses, like a pile of dry sand. And as the film settles into increasingly unlikely action sequences and a standard-issue chase, the second half proves to be nowhere near as thrilling as the first.
The deity on high who has sent Eli on his mission works in mysterious ways that become more mysterious, and more blood-soaked, as the flick drones on and on and on and on
Not even an actor with Washington's gravitas can keep eyes from rolling at the silliness dished here.
The people who made the movie. They weren't carrying the fire, were they? / No. Unless they were carrying the old Twilight Zone fire.
A post-apocalyptic thriller with Christian Fundamentalist messages.
The searing, white-washed landscape is gritty enough, with the Hughes brothers' spectacular production teaming going to great lengths to construct a believable, foreboding future.
Really, it's just another prophet-in-the-wilderness tale -- not nearly as bad as those trailers would suggest, yet neither will your soul run any risk of enlightenment.
The movie lacks sufficient build-up to make us care about his journey until it's already over.
Allen and Albert Hughes have created a plausible post-apocalyptic world.
A stylish, gritty fantasy feature that wrestles with the agonies, joys and eternal wrinkles of faith and evil and the dangerous minuet they do.
What strength and intensity the movie musters begins and ends with Washington.
There hasn't been too many action films with a Christian overtone as the two genres don't necessarily go hand in hand, but the vastly entertaining 'The Book of Eli,' shows that fancy swordplay/shootouts and faith don't have to be mutually exclusive.
It hurts to say this because I was hoping I wouldn't have to type "post-apocalyptic" for awhile, but who knew Denzel would make it worth the trip?
Denzel wants to kick some boo-tay! I just wish they worked a bit harder on the script.
Although it feels like a parallel story taking place at the same time as THE ROAD, this post-apocalyptic thriller has the opposite effect, actually getting less complex and interesting as it goes along. At least it starts out well.
Mad Max 2 with Thought for the Day thrown in. There's some ace post-holocaust action, but you can't help feel you were invited to a party with fizzy pop and cream cake and got suckered into a sermon instead.
think of this as The Road if re-imagined by the Wachowski Brothers. The landscape is all grays and browns, punctuated only by the occasional flash of a muzzle.
He is Eli. He carries a Bible with him that no one is allowed to touch. He's got a burning rage on his face that says Team Conan.
It's as if someone who saw last week's apocalyptic drama The Road said, "Let's do it again, but this time let's make it rubbish".
Despite the impressively atmospheric opening sequences the Hugheses allow their film to lurch into inspirational-literature territory - and it ends up dissipating the brooding, cryptic atmosphere of its opening scenes.
The Hughes Brothers intend this doomily pompous multiplex-filler as a futuristic western, but its feet are firmly planted in a big bucket of po-faced messianic cement. You wonder what Washington saw in it.
These are two guys who know how to make a movie. They may not be perfect ones, but one can't deny it is not for a lack of effort.
The more I think about this film, the more I love it. Book of Eli packs such a punch at the end that you will want to see it again to see if you catch certain details.
This is one book worth watching.
Even though it's at least the fourth movie in the past six months to show us life after the apocalypse, Eli's vision is bracingly original: It's the end of the world as we know it, and I feel like some popcorn.
The Book of Eli is one of those frustrating films that could be so much better if it simplified its story. Unfortunately the contradictions are too evident to ignore and as a result all of the good elements are completely outweighed.
Doing for Christianity what Battlefield Earth did for Scientology, The Book Of Eli is an ill-conceived, preachy leaden dud that's painfully pretentious and deserves to limp off the cinema screens in a mercifully swift time. Avoid.
A movie weighed down by a numbskull screenplay (by rookie Gary Whitta) and a careless lack of attention to details.
Not your usual post-apocalyptic fare then. Even if it does get a bit daft towards the end (thanks, Malcolm McDowell) this is superior action fare, neatly shot and whip-lashingly edited.
For those of us in the reading and writing business-for anyone, really, who loves the written word-the movie has a powerful resonance. It reminds us that literacy can't be taken for granted.
You'd expect The Book of Eli to offer something special enough to have lured the brothers from retirement, but the Hugheses settle for serving up all the usual clichés...
The filmmakers have an unusually persuasive star in Washington, who can sell lines like, "We had more than we needed" and "I walk by faith, not by sight."
Denzel's latest is a sluggish affair weighed down by its lofty themes. It also comes with a preposterous twist and a paying-the-rent performance from Oldman that's pure cured ham.
A hyper-violent, post-apocalyptic Western in the mold of Mad Max that can't make up its mind whether it wants to be corny or misanthropic.
Ponderously paced and surely the final nail in the coffin of its once-promising directors, Albert and Allen Hughes, this is an extremely dumb film with absurd pretensions to spiritual significance.
The problem is a ho-hum storyline that feels as if it's been strapped to a rack and stretched to breaking point.
This is more style over content and it drags towards the end. But as a slice of Friday night escapism, I'd see-li The Book Of Eli.
Bad enough to be an end-of-genre movie... The script is a calamity, the direction worse.
Just how badly does this guy want beatification? Perhaps someone should remind him that the Book in question mentions vanity as a sin.
This po-faced adventure has more in common with the Kevin Costner clinker The Postman than anything touched by the hand of a Pulitzer prize-winning novelist.
It's a very conventional, Bible-bashing approach to religion and spirituality, with dialogue that feels simplistic and preachy. Plot holes abound, as does an OTT soundtrack. It does have a heart, though, in part thanks to Washington.
Though they provide us with a fair number of fight scenes, explosions and suchlike, the Hughes brothers clearly think they are also Saying Something Important. The result is like The Road rewritten by Sarah Palin for the greater good of Alaska and mankind
As post-apocalyptic thrillers go, The Book of Eli lacks the emotional depth of The Road but it's worth seeing for both the performances and the impressive fight sequences.
Its loopiness is fervent, but the Hugheses really do know how to move the camera, and Gary Whitta's script offers up a steady parade of fanboy treats.
Denzel's Eli is one of those characters who, when he faces off against the hundred enemies, makes you feel bad for the hundred.
It's shot with style, and the story has enough thrills and dark humor to justify one two-hour trip into the desolate future.
A decent action-adventure flick aided greatly by its charismatic star.
Brain-roasting entertainment!
A kickass piece of contemporary entertainment.
Powerful and thought-provoking. A forecast for our time.
Remember how, when you were watching The Road, you thought to yourself, "This needs more kung fu and Jesus"? God, and the Hughes brothers, heard your prayers.
Your brain, and, yes, your soul, long for ... a film that walked either the straight and narrow path of righteousness or blazed some new trail instead of frustratingly sticking with such faith and fervor to the middle of the road.
Parental Content Review
There is very little in the way of meat on this picture's bones, and while I appreciated its points of view I didn't particularly enjoy being beaten over the head by them.
The Book of Eli has its attributes, not the least being its ability to present religious themes into the mix without getting preachy or spelling out a specific moral stance. What is lacking, then, is its humanity.
Set against an enigmatic and atmospheric backdrop, the duo avoids the standard sci-fi trappings to forge something meaningful and memorable.
The Book of Eli is a tough one to call %u2013 you may find yourself liking or disliking it based on your particular point of view.
One trip to the poisoned post-apocalyptic well too many
Suffers mainly from simplicity.
Poetic psalms uttered amid stylized violence are disconcerting. Religion and bloodshed, though linked through much of history, make queasy entertainment partners.
Travolta had his Battlefield Earth, Costner had his Waterworld and now Denzel Washington has his truly awful sci-fi epic, The Book of Eli.
While the religious content makes itself felt, sometimes strongly, the heavy action quotient -- the story of Eli the slasher -- tears feelings to tatters.
A dynamic story, sprinkled with some interesting ideas about the preciousness of culture and how societies might rebuild themselves.
The Hughes Brothers may want us to think they're giving us a few deep, quasi-spiritual ideas, but what they're really serving up is earnestly shallow, machete-and-bow-and-arrow entertainment.
The story sort of plays like a thrill-ride version of The Road, with healthier-looking cannibals and a sillier ending.
The Hughes brothers should thank God for Denzel, who almost singlehandedly makes Book of Eli's hyper-stylized, incongruous mixture of B-movie splatter and high-minded spiritual hokum palpable
The Book of Eli isn't as exciting or funny or inspiring as it wants and needs to be, and its preachy ending is an ordeal. But Washington, a movie star who can act, is one cool dude who is worth following anywhere.
You'd want a guy like Denzel around when the end is nigh. Too bad The Book of Eli is so preachy it buries the subtlety he brings forth.
A gorgeously illustrated picture-book of landscapes made barren by politicized religion, where faith is salvation's last frontier.
...a decent enough entertainment, but its story and imagery are all too familiar, there are jarring geographical impossibilities, and costarring Mila Kunis seems out of her depth against the likes of Washington and Oldman.
The fixation on the Bible (and biblical-scale cloud formations) gets awfully pompous at times, especially when it's used to justify gory dismemberments.
It feels a bit confused. And an unconvincing, contrived final third or so of the movie proves to be its ultimate undoing.
The Book of Eli is The Road with twice the plot, four times the ammunition, and half the brains; it'll probably make 10 times the money.
Eli is nothing less than a prophet-superman on a divine mission, and while he naturally saves the word of God and, thus, humanity at large, he's powerless to salvage the film from its derivativeness.
Washington, ever potent, brings to the role the full force of his thousand-mile stare and regenerative smile.
Who better than Denzel to play a saint in a sinful world, a man who retains this saintliness even after he's sliced up several dozen rapists and cannibals?
Working from a script by Gary Whitta, the Hughes brothers, Albert and Allen, have made a stark affirmation of faith as a guiding light for a broken, lawless civilization, but to their credit, the film stops well short of proselytizing.
Before it loses its way in the home stretch, the Hughes Brothers' take on the post-apocalyptic genre makes for gripping entertainment.
remarkably straightforward but appropriately quirky
With riveting action that never stops, The Book of Eli gets the year off to a spectacularly exciting start at the movies and should keep turnstiles turning.
Bold and innovative, spiritually challenging--and some heads get chopped off.
The sepia-toned palette gets a little wearying, but the dialogue is hilarious, the violence is crunchy, and cameos by Tom Waits and topflight Brit character actor Michael Gambon are worth the ticket price alone.
The Book of Eli doesn't quite achieve the greatness to which it so clearly aspires. But how many sci-fi flicks have Al Green on the soundtrack?
Despite its leaps in logic, The Book of Eli isn't all bad. Watching Denzel Washington deliver yet another outstanding performance is greatly entertaining.
The first major action film of 2010 is more pensive and lyrical than advertised.
Another lone traveler wanders another post-apocalyptic landscape. This time, he carries a book. Who is this man and what's with the book? If that question is enough to keep you interested for two hours, you're all set.
Shot on nimble, lightweight Red digital cameras, the film may traffic in familiar landscapes and archetypes, but it allows its cast the space and time to make the characters breathe.
Either the apocalypse is coming soon or Hollywood is kind of over-preparing.
I'm at a loss for words, so let me say these right away: The Book of Eli is very watchable. You won't be sorry you went.
The problem with The Book of Eli is that the narrative isn't a match for its sentiments. The script feels like it's an iteration or two short of a final draft.
Like a cross between The Road Warrior and "Deadwood" ... a generic post-Apocalypse movie with a few cool action scenes and a mostly ridiculous premise.
Would have been the best movie of 2009 if it had come out a month ago. You won't see a more compelling movie all year.
Nothing novel or unpredictable, despite an unnecessary twist at the conclusion: at least it's more entertaining than 'The Road.'
A wacky piece of pseudo-religious twaddle dressed up as a solemn, silly post-apocalyptic action flick.
All of it is held together by a creepy combination of Christian fundamentalism and Old Testament fire and brimstone.
Truly, if one must wander a barren, post-apocalyptic landscape with somebody, who better to wander with than Denzel Washington?
A ponderous dystopian bummer that might be described as The Road Warrior without car chases, or The Road without humanity.
It's obvious what the book is and the resolution to this quest tale is silly beyond belief. Denzel just plays it quiet, tough and cool, as if that alone will carry the film.
The Book of Eli, yet another apocalyptic fantasy, suggests that Denzel Washington has become America's dullest actor.
Ready or not: here it comes. The first kick ass apocalyptic action flick, designed for both the comic book and True Believer set. Well, you can't say this decade in movies hasn't started out with a bang!
No explanation is ever given for Eli's miraculous resiliency, except that he is eventually presented as a kind of prophet whose message might simply be that all good-hearted survivors should walk the earth carrying a copy of the bible. I suppose, in the f
Denzel Washington is an actor who makes his own gravitas. Even the great Denzel must surrender to his his inability to make spiritualist silliness seem serious.
Even after the action leads to a final series of revelations that render everything else preposterous, you will still feel the adrenaline. Boredom is not an option.
Thank the pallid green heavens for Flashdance's Jennifer Beals, positively ravishing as a sightless kept woman who acts as the story's oracle.
If you're expecting action, you'll be disappointed to find mostly empty religious propaganda.
The rest of the rote splatter-violence has Denzel whirlwind lopping off heads through philistine hordes, sequences only good for insight into what PS3 games the Hugheses were playing in pre-production.
In the future, according to The Book of Eli, we'll all dress like we're in a Nine Inch Nails video. It is written.
An absurd, incoherent narrative, defined by several contradictions: it's religious and violent, arty and exploitational, serious and trashy, stylized and gritty.
Iconically effective as a single-minded messenger with a mission, Washington's Eli is ultimately too confined by the man-of-few-words movie norms he's saddled with.
The Book Of Eli is a post-apocalyptic western cursed by laborious pacing and a sense of self-importance which its nutty story does not warrant.
A well-made post-apocalyptic action drama with simple themes and archetypal characters that strains a little too much at Seriousness.
'And God said 'let there be light between a man's head and his shoulders,' said Denzel, as he carved through one bad guy after another.




@highlight

It's certainly uneven, and many viewers will find that its reach exceeds its grasp, but The Book of Eli finds the Hughes brothers injecting some fresh stylish fun into the kind of post-apocalyptic wasteland filmgoers have seen more than enough of lately.