Although this story of multiple timelines provides some interesting moments, the cryptic, excessive, often extremely muffled dialogue makes the film excruciatingly hard to follow.
I know it shouldn't be a direct replica of the game series, but they really missed important opportunities to showcase all the awesome attributes of an assassin.
[Director Justin] Kurzel makes this game an irresistibly cinematic journey... [Full review in Spanish]
The prestigious cast, which is not at its best, does not rescue the film. [Full review in Spanish]
So Assassin's Creed is yet more proof that video games don't translate well to movies.
The story is fragile but entertaining, with enough rhythm for almost two hours... [Full review in Spanish]
Quibbles aside, Assassin's Creed operates as an adequate summer blockbuster, perfectly serviceable for fans of the video game series.
Fassbender must play Assassin's Creed non-stop. It's the only explanation for why he'd sign on to this mess.
It is astonishing how a movie titled Assassin's Creed explores absolutely nothing about the brotherhood, their goals, purpose, personal motivations or you know, the life of an assassin
I never connected with this disorienting and drab time-traveling video game movie.
Quick take: Absurdly bad!
Combining conspiratorial gobbledegook with lots of running and jumping over medieval rooftops, this adaptation of the popular videogame series comes across as the Da Vinci Code with added parkour.
I've never played Assassin's Creed but it's got to be more fun than watching the extraordinarily tedious feature film that has now been adapted from the popular video game.
There are undoubtedly worse video game adaptations... [but] Assassin's Creed is plenty bad in its own right and hardly deserves pity points.
There are some spectacular scenes like when they jump off buildings, but they are all drowned by the incoherent plot.
The complete plot of the Assassin's Creed series is hot nonsense.
Against all odds, with a quirky franchise and a team of star talent, Assassin's Creed succeeds at being an enjoyable action film -- and I walked out of my theater genuinely, truly excited about where the story could go.
"Assassin's Creed" doesn't allow us to hold the controller but you want to stay in the room to watch how the story unfolds.
It could've been a slyly, self-aware modern day B-movie but it devotes its energy to the wrong stuff.
As I squinted at the screen, mentally parsing reams of exposition, trying to distinguish one character from the next, I wondered if playing the game for 150 hours would have helped. I have my doubts.
Adapting video games was never easy but, honestly, Fassbender didn't manage to do so. [Full review in Spanish]
Assassin's Creed is neither better nor worse than the average adaptation of a video game; there's no doubt that the film has nice performances but it's mediocre, dumb, confusing, and even boring at times. [Full review in Spanish]
If you saw the trailers and liked what you saw, go ahead and just buy one of the older video games in the series used for $4.99.
Justin Kurzel's movie is flawed in part and occasionally bewildering in its decisions, yet it has a distinct filmmaking philosophy that extends all the way through to its imperfect finale.
Even though it has a good cast, 'Assassin's Creed' leaves the reasons why gamers love these characters in the way, presenting only a universe without soul and heart. [Full review in Spanish] ﻿
The only good thing about the movie are the action choreographies, although there comes a point where they get exhausting. [Full review in Spanish]
... ultimately akin to a never-ending cutscene from a game you're never allowed to play.
Despite a high-class cast, this fantasy-battle movie -- based on a video game series -- is disorienting, makes very little sense, and, worst of all, is a terrible, humorless bore.
I have never seen a group of A-list actors look and act so disinterested.
A self-contained story would have worked so much better and interesting, but the ambition for a blockbuster only leaves us with something that didn't manage to entertain at all. [Full review in Spanish]
A film that could have turned out better if it had dared to take advantage of the concept, the choreography and production design. [Full review in Spanish]
In spite of its fails and superficial plot, the numerous action sequences, music and visuals are more than enough to keep the spectators entertained. [Full review in Spanish]
Director Justin Kurzel adapts the eponymous violent video game and gets right to the point of religious and moral conflict in this postmodern, medieval, gothic sci-fi flick.
This time-tripping, sci-fi fantasy rarely rises above incoherence.
The thrilling action sequences in medieval Spain provide a glimpse of how a less convoluted version could have played out. But whenever we're about to get lost in the action, Kurzel yanks us back into the present day for more hogwash.
The filmmakers get a few points for effort but, in the end, Assassin's Creed is a failure.
An empty film (like most videogame-inspired movies) that makes a ridiculous critic on the management of power today. [Full review in Spanish]
A film with a multinational and awarded cast but still doesn't manage to take off. It seems that neither they understand the terminology used. [Full review in Spanish]
It's only a few quick cuts and a camera shake shy from being Taken 3.
It doesn't understand an adaptation has to work independently from its original source. [Full review in Portuguese.]
Rather than wrangle the frantic battles and hazy conspiracies of Assassin's Creed into a coherent epic, Kurzel has merged them into a solemn stream of psychedelia, and the result is at once ludicrous and entrancing.
A film with multiple undeveloped plots, characters that go unnoticed and a simple story that complicates itself too much. [Full review in Spanish]
One is left wracking brains as to why these talented people wasted so much time. It's not even the best videogame adaptation released in the past 12 months. Come back, Angry Birds. All is forgiven.
The actors, however, are not at fault here, the story is -- or rather the lack of one.
Robust in its packaging yet empty underneath.
Over-produced and devoid of tension, Assassin's Creed ignores all the things that made its source material great.
Preposterous, under-plotted and surprisingly dull.
A pathetic and senseless spectacle that is backed by a banal and ridiculous story. [Full review in Spanish]
The lighting is dim and you can't tell what the groups are doing.
The movie spirals into the elaborate illogic of the videogame on which it's based.
The script by Michael Lesslie, Adam Cooper and Bill Collage is historically illiterate claptrap and Justin Kurzel's direction (if that's the right word) is just a murky, badly edited catalog of CGI clichés.
It's probably best to stick with the games.
Films based on video games are often derided as hackwork -- but Assassin's Creed is the most daring film yet from the Australian director Justin Kurze.
The filmmakers were trying to please gamers more than moviegoers. Perhaps it's impossible do both.
More aptly known as Assassin's Crud, this all-but-incomprehensible mess attempts to bring the mega-popular computer game to franchise-ready life...a wall-to-wall dud.
A slave to the material.
What is most disappointing about it is that such a cinematic and narratively clever game could be turned into such a second-rate movie.
Surely this is the film to break the video game movie curse. Nope. It's not.
Aside from a scant number of interjections from the ever-excellent Michael K. Williams, dreary humourlessness quickly becomes the status quo.
A film that tried to get rid of the game's plotting to elaborate an action product that although there demonstrated ambition to grow different and propositive, probably entangled itself so fast because of its own artifices. [Full review in Spanish]
Kurzel has transposed the best-selling video game to the big screen in a way that will likely confound anyone not already au fait with the source material.
Attempting to alleviate the sense of crushing, overwhelming tedium with flashy visuals and stylish action sequences, when they're this few and far between, is like giving CPR to a corpse.
Being based on a video game does not automatically make your movie bad... a movie can be completely awful on its own terms, regardless of its source material, and Assassin's Creed is that movie.
It's the weak, pedestrian storyline that fails to carry the load.
Assassin's Creed is the best video game adaptation ever made which, unfortunately, is not hard to be.
Overall, Assassin's Creed is a visually engaging film; but there's very little matter or substance hiding behind its sleek façade.
The game's premise is unsuitable for mining dramatic tension.
For anyone prepared to take the movie on its own tacky terms, Assassin's Creed is a high-soaring guilty pleasure.
A waste of star power. And your time.
Forget the 3D glasses. For Assassin's Creed, they should hand out blinders and earmuffs.
A terrible story told terribly.
...Assassin's Creed makes Warcraft looks like an Oscar-winner. It takes itself entirely too seriously and abandons everything that players loved about the game series.
In the lead roles, both Fassbender and Cotillard fail to bring any sense of fun to the cheesy proceedings. Regrettably, redoubtable actors like Jeremy Irons, Brendan Gleeson and Charlotte Rampling are also given short shrift.
While Justin Kurzel's Assassin's Creed... does not undo all the damage of films such as Super Mario and House of the Dead, it is one of the better films out there as far video game adaptations go.
The experience of watching Assassin's Creed is, one imagines, not dissimilar to slowly drowning in a giant slop bucket while desperately looking for a rope to climb out from the immense craptitude.
The movie looks cool, and if you can lose yourself in the thunderous soundtrack and the various action scenes, you might be OK. But once you start trying to connect the dots, you'll probably be better off going back to the game.
Violence is a staple of all three films Kurzel has made so far, but now he's commercialising and packaging it to sell video games.
Avoid.
Imbuing this with credibility is not quite within the long reach of whispering Michael Fassbender, energetically though he tries and urgently though he whispers.
This is a mega-budget blockbuster that boasts one of the worst MacGuffins in the history of cinema.
It's sort of like the Matrix, but with all the philosophical heft of a Trojan virus.
It's a cut above the recent Warcraft debacle, but barely fit to shine the sandals of Prince of Persia: Sands Of Time.
Drooling fans of the game franchise mightn't be too happy at this complex and depressing extension of its mythology -- and they won't be the only ones.
A movie that can't work out whether it is a swashbuckling romp or a dystopian sci-fi drama.
Up the pole, out to lunch and off the grid. It is mad, mannerist and unmanageable.
While Assassin's Creed is by no means the worst movie based on a video game -- it's not even the worst released this year -- it's not a very good movie, either.
Takes one step forward and two steps back for the video game-to-film genre. Another missed attempt. [Full review in Spanish]
The absolute least you would expect from an Assassin's Creed movie is that the action sequences would be half decent, but that's simply not the case.
Despite its style points, fails to resonate on a higher octave than its low hum of dark doings, leaping around, and fisticuffs.
The chaotic action sequences are over edited and the suspense levels are low. It all feels so mindless and pointless.
Assassin's Creed ultimately comes off as one of the worst and most joyless videogame adaptations ever made...
Assassin's Creed is many things, and none of them good. Visually, it's the ugliest movie of 2016 -- and keep in mind that I saw Robert De Niro's prosthetic penis in Dirty Grandpa.
The strangest, uneven and pompous film that recent cinema has seen. [Full review in Spanish]
A mixture of outrageous action but lacks rhythm with subtexts related to the violence eradication and a handful of allegedly learned references. [Full review in Spanish]
This is nothing more than another video game adaptation that fails to rise to the challenge of being reborn for the cinema.
There's a treat in store for anyone who takes a perverse pleasure in seeing truly terrible films, because Hollywood's latest video-game adaptation, Assassin's Creed, is a Christmas turkey with all the trimmings.
It doesn't make for easy viewing for those looking for a more well-rounded movie experience, but at the very least it's a coherent, well-acted, well-directed film, and that alone makes it the best video game-based movie in recent memory.
For a movie based on a video game it's not bad. At least it's not bad for 2/3 of the film. The last act as expected, implodes.
The contrast in energy levels between the two time periods proves to be a draining experience, with clunky one-liners severely clashing up against the excitement and fast paced momentum of the ambitious and exhilarating roof top parkour sequences.
An over-cast video game movie.
This is a leaden bore that you'll want to call "Game over!" on long before the end credits roll. (Full Content Review for Parents - Violence, Profanity, etc. - also Available)
Assassin's Creed mistakenly assumes that the plot is the most important element of its source material. Actually, it's the least.
At one point, even Fassbender's character remarks, "What the f*** is going on?" Finally, some truth in art.
A film that invites the public to expect another new chapter of the saga, and also reveals that Assassin's Creed is not only intended to be just a video game adaptation to the big screen, but something bigger. [Full review in Spanish]
Game over, man.
Only legitimate gamers might care that the ending lends itself to sequels, but give it extra points for actually playing a tad better than we thought it might. Trimming (to under two hours) from a reported 140-minute running time obviously helps, too.
Extraneous elements like 'story' and 'character' are abandoned so we can focus on what's important: scene after scene of self-serious cyphers fighting over something we don't care about.
Yet another head scratching video game adapation , but this one wastes an A-list cast on pure hokum, although it is not as bad as Warcraft.
Incredibly flawed, but there's something to the confident execution of the feature that gives it a cinematic presence and passable respect for console origins.
Assassin's Creed is easily the worst movie Fassbender and Cotillard have ever participated in.
I suppose you could say the film made me slightly more likely to play one of the games, but only because I'd do just about anything before I saw this movie again.
Obtuse, narratively incoherent, and ultimately frustrating, it stands as another example of how hard it is to make a good mainstream movie out of a popular computer game.
[A] wan video-game adaptation revolving around some Knights Templar nonsense.
In the game-to-film genre - which includes such memorable disasters as "Silent Hill" and "Hitman 47" - this is yet another disorganized, incoherent, nearly unwatchable entry.
Fassbender, one of the producers, and Cotillard head a lavishly wasted cast. ... All score bonus points for keeping a straight face throughout.
A movie of sprawling awfulness...
It does what it has to do for its target audiece, but isn't likely to reach out beyond that.
So what if philosophical depths are out of the film's reach, there's a seed of ambition in this one that suggests the transfer of a video game to the screen doesn't always have to be a suicide mission. And that's something.
This is how a geek movie should be done.
Kurzel's latest has style to spare, but it's missing the soul and emotion from his previous work.
This is all very dumb. That the film doesn't know it is agony.
A dull, grey, ugly movie that takes two long hours to tell a very thin story.
Assassin's Creed is a step in the right direction for video game movies but slick action and beautiful visuals are undercut by a hollow hero story.
I suspect that gamers won't be happy with this movie, either.
It is both unnecessarily complicated and ridiculously simplified at the same time.
'Assassin's Creed' is increedibly bad.
Sci-fi fantasy meets pseudo history in this ill-conceived adaptation of a popular video game series.
The result is action sequences that feel too much like gameplay, and there's nothing more boring than watching someone else play a video game.
Both perform -- Fassbender as the death-row convict whose ancestral memories Abstergo is after; Cotillard as the lead scientist working on behalf of the Templar cause -- with grim conviction. Neither seem to be having any fun.
The picture has an undeniable rough stylishness ... but in terms of coherence of storytelling it leaves the audience choking on all that swirling dust.
Stay home and play the game instead.
Assassin's Creed, an adaptation of the popular videogame, is a terrible film that doesn't even have the decency to be bad in interesting ways.
We still haven't discovered the best way to translate games from the console to the screen, but Assassin's Creed shows that we're at least getting closer.
"Prepare the Animus?" I thought she said, "Prepare the enemas." Given the film, it makes more sense.
Unlike the actual video game, Assassin's Creed isn't ridiculous and fun, but rather ridiculous and turgid.
Fassbender's great, but even the biggest star needs better material to work with.
The ending leaves open the possibility for more adventures with the Assassins, but Assassin's Creed should be a one-and-done video game adaptation.
For a while, the balance between the lean, even elegant action and laborious backstory is pretty fun; the fact that the film takes itself so seriously, having these great actors earnestly sell such nonsense, is paradoxically kind of hilarious.
Assassin's Creed has all of the tools to be the first great video game movie, except for the one thing it needed most: to be fun.
Any fans hoping that Assassin's Creed would break the long streak of poor video game adaptations are bound to be disappointed by this nearly incomprehensible mess.
A cold, boring and confusing action fantasy of little redeeming quality, Assassins Creed marks career worst work from all involved, made uglier by an anti-Catholicism inherent in the game series it is based upon.
Assassin's Creed is good evidence that sometimes a video game is the better medium than a movie with which to tell a story.
"Assassin's Creed" isn't quite as bad as one might fear, as measured against the abysmal track record of movies inspired by video games.
It's just a mediocre action movie, poorly edited and larded with a terrible musical score, based on a video game. Nothing new there.
The cast members probably deserve some kind of special Oscar for their straight-faced delivery of such ludicrous dialogue.
As it stands, Assassin's Creed is probably the best video game movie ever made, but that's such damning praise that the Spanish Inquisition is probably already lighting their torches.
The symbol of freedom it repeatedly references is a soaring eagle, but the movie itself is a dead duck.
...an exercise in joyless frowning and desperately unconvincing drama.
Assassin's Creed slays me: I have rarely had so much fun watching something so stupid.
A waste of time, money, effort and talent - and yet another reminder that games and film are two very distinct mediums that rarely should or do coalesce.
The relentless gloom can feel oppressive, but there's plenty of ambition here, especially in the layered storytelling and woozy sense of time and place, with plenty of soaring aerial shots that nod quietly to the all-seeing eye of a computer game.
For an ostensible action movie, the cast spends an awful lot of time standing around and looking lost. I can only guess that they were following their director's lead.
It ... has great momentum, good set pieces, and so much frothy nihilism it's just plain fun.
Despite the tortured writing, Kurzel shoots the heck out of the film, especially the flashbacks, when Aguilar and his assassin companion Maria parkour around ancient Andalusia, kicking some serious Templar butt.
a middling sort of film almost redeemed by fine performances by Michael Fassbender and Marion Cotillard. Oh, and a truly kick-ass rendering of 15th-century Parkour.
It's astounding how the movie completely misses the appeal of the games.
a witless, droning bore.
Perhaps all of this will be thrilling for fans who've played it. The rest of us, I imagine, may come out of this film invigorated with a creed of our own: Avoid movies based on video games.
'Assassin's Creed' is not the great video game-based movie that we were hoping to see someday, but it's sufficiently interesting and entertaining. [Full review in Spanish]
Kurzel and Fassbender will both go on to make many more good movies, but neither is a good fit for a piece of escapism.
Assassin's Creed surely won't be a late contender on anyone's Best of 2016 list, but as long as you know exactly what you're getting yourself into, you'll have a surprising amount of fun.
Coupled with the Parkour-inspired stunts Kurzel insists on keeping the CGI in check for the feel of an old school adventure and executes the action with a great deal of care and attention to detail.
Dull.
With the Assassin's Creed games as inspiration, there was a rich mythos to pull from, but all this adaptation offers is muck and meh.
A disjointed affair that is absurd and irreverent without any self-awareness, taking itself far too seriously and lacking that vital injection of adventure.
Often confusing and far too po-faced, Kurzel's stabby period piece is redeemed by its sumptuous vistas and top-notch fight work.
Despite the classy performances, gorgeous visuals and high concepts, Assassin's Creed is unfortunately just the tale of a bloke killing a bunch of people and hunting for a thing.
A videogame movie fully confident in its gonzo, pseudo-existential tone, "Assassin's Creed" is an arresting cacophony that's never particularly good.
The back story, with the pursuit of the Apple, is vague and frustrating; the back-and-forth between present and past hampers the film's fluidity; and the characterisation is weak.
For years we've heard moans that video-game movies are jinxed ... Assassin's Creed won't lift that curse.
In the end, the real mystery has little to do with the Assassins, the Templars or the Apple of Eden and more to do with why so many talented thespians thought this was a good idea.
Ultimately only adds further weight to the curse of the video game theory.
There's a lot to snicker at in "Assassin's Creed," though maybe - to tinker with a quote from "Ghost World"'s Enid Coleslaw - it's so bad it goes past good but not quite back to bad again.
Though it's bolstered by some glorious action sequences and a stellar cast that really gives us their all, the lack of any levity whatsoever in Assassin's Creed amounts to a soulless experience that wastes its potential.
Assassin's Creed has probably done the very best it can with the hand it's been dealt with and, really, this might be the best video game adaptation yet. Mind you, that's not saying a huge amount.
For everyone who thought Dan Brown's conspiracy novels were just lacking a spot of parkour, Assassin's Creed might be your favourite film of the year. But for the clinically sane 99.9 percent of the rest of us, it's rather less exciting.
A picture bound to please just about no one.
Assassin's Creed is very confusing. No, scratch that: It's a mess.
There's no great leap of faith in Assassin's Creed, but a surprising amount of the time, it at least finds steady footing.
It's not unusual to see great European actors appearing in big-budget dreck, of course, but the participation of Fassbender (who also produced!) and Cotillard seems particularly unnecessary.
It is at all times mysteriously, transcendentally boring.
Assassin's Creed reps Fassbender's first film as a producer, though it's hard to see what excited him about it, given that he's got nothing to play.
Maybe this miserable junk is the fantasy action-adventure dreamed of by all those dudes mad that Star Wars now lets girls play, too?
In "Assassin's Creed," Michael Fassbender is like the ultimate special effect. Just by showing up, he confers respectability on two hours of semi-coherent overly art-directed video-game sludge.
The title of First Great Video Game Movie is still on the table.
A refreshing (if also bewildering) change of pace.
On paper, the plot of Assassin's Creed is insanely goofy, but you'd never know it when executed with this much self-importance.
It's the Anakin Skywalker of video game movies, a promising project meant to redeem a bedeviled sub-genre that merely leaves it covered in more darkness.
It's a good thing these actors play this material so persuasively straight, because if you give even an inkling of thought to the film's near-indecipherable plot, the philosophical implications may well be unsettling.
Assassin's Creed is a tedious experience
All the riveting roof-top running and hand-to-hand combat in the world won't make a movie worthwhile if you don't give a damn about the characters.
Declaring this to be the best video game movie ever made is the kind of backhanded compliment that sounds like hyperbole, but the description fits the bill on both counts.
Good god, but Assassin's Creed is dull.
It ends up with blurry action that often looks digitally faked and a fractious plot that's stuck over-explaining itself.

@highlight

Assassin's Creed is arguably better made (and certainly better cast) than most video game adaptations; unfortunately, the CGI-fueled end result still is still a joylessly overplotted slog.