The subtitle may be The Dark World, but the only dark things about this world are the long, dull speeches and terrible costumes. Any attempt at sub-RSC portentousness falls flat.
This is a movie that is definitely a sequel. That doesn't mean it's a bad movie, sequels can be good.
Overall, The Dark World offers plenty of fun for longtime fans and for newcomers, though the final product will still keep the Thor franchise inbetween Iron Man and Captain America in terms of total quality.
Thor's second outing expands it's universe. Better than the first one. Mjolnir and all. [Full review in Spanish]
Overall, Thor: The Dark World is an entertaining, if inconsequential, action-fantasy with another great turn by Tom Hiddleston as Loki.
This feels like a really, really, expensive episode of Doctor Who. In a good way.
When Thor: The Dark World doesn't work-and it doesn't, far too frequently-it's when the writers and director take the whole thing much too seriously.
While Thor's journey may be the weakest of the Avengers' tales - this entry nevertheless improving upon the first - it remains essential to the context of the whole.
Save for Hiddleston's too-brief supporting turn, this is mighty forgettable stuff, a by-the-numbers sequel to what was already the slightest and least entertaining of the 'Avengers' components.
An astoundingly sleek sequel that delivers a steady stream of both rousing action and substantial laughs.
There's more action this time around, and less deliberate manipulation of the Marvel universe. The result is a film that flows better and gives the characters a little more room to be themselves.
How long are you fans going to put up with this kind of slack nonsense?
...too little of the hammy delight of the original.
It brings some awe and brawny excitement into comic-book cinema.
If you give it a chance, I guarantee it will win you over with its humor and charm.
A massively enjoyable film that course-corrects the missteps of the original and delivers on big action, grittier subject matter, and a less pretentious take on the sometimes prohibitively dense Thor canon.
When Marvel brought in Alan Taylor, the director of Game of Thrones, to invigorate the Thor franchise, many hoped for a breast-bearing, dwarf-battling, blood-spurting melodrama -- with capes and hammers. Sadly, it was not to be.
The superhero gets a second solo album with Thor: The Dark World, which manages to outpace the first Thor in terms of atonality and gobbledygook.
Don't worry about its grim title and galactic stakes. For all its self-seriousness, Thor: The Dark World is a very silly movie. And that's why it works.
Thor: The Dark World is uneven, but the combination of strong personalities, humor and clever battle choreography keeps the Marvel superhero movie formula from dragging.
With a good sense of humour, strong action set pieces and Hiddleston and Hemsworth on top form, it's just great fun.
Is it possible to be both overstuffed and too slight? If so, that's Thor: The Dark World in a nutshell.
The character, and the actor, need some variety, with Thor: The Dark World doing just enough to keep Marvel's increasingly unwieldy construction in motion before The Avengers' 2015 reunion.
Thor: The Dark World is a wildly entertaining continuation of Marvel's dominance of the big budget action blockbuster genre, and a savvy revisit of its most difficult and ambitious piece of character mythology.
This movie is marking time for bigger things, a constant fear in the lead-up to another Avengers outing, but it's fun and entertaining enough to justify the time spent watching it.
Sure, Hemsworth is physically impressive as Thor, but let's face it, the evil Loki got all the charm in that family. (Hiddleston is as reliable a scene-stealer here as he was in The Avengers.)
Pacing is a problem, as sequences setting up an intergalactic finale drag, particularly when the film spends far more time on Asgard, with almost none of the fish-out-of-water charm that made the first film work.
Thor 2's makers apparently decided that the best course of action is to take everything that made the original the camp hit it was, and ramp it all up to eleven.
The effects are amazing but the best moments are when Thor and Loki share screen space.
The smash-happy action is complemented by wondrous visuals and techno-chic production values. The climactic London-set battle royale, with Thor's magic mallet ever primed for slinging, holds the viewer in a vice-like grip.
With its dark elves, some kind of lava beast known as the Kurse, and too much time spent walking around in cloaks, the sequel too often feels like watered-down Tolkien.
There's good reason to stay awake for this goofy, explosive and oddly warm-hearted yarn that knits a cold story of family dysfunction with matinee spectacle.
At least sixty percent of the film consists of characters frantically hurling monster-sized gobs of exposition regarding the increasingly arbitrary rules of this fantasy universe.
Thor: The Dark World survives purely on the charisma of its insanely attractive cast and periodic bursts of good humor.
"A decided improvement in the balance department. Not only do we get more in the way of humor, we get more convincing, exciting action, as well as a few welcome surprises."
[Director Alan Taylor] is helped by Tom Hiddleston's sleekly malevolent performance as Thor's untrustworthy brother Loki, a more engaging and complex figure than Chris Hemsworth's monosyllabic Thor.
Populated by bland characters and saturated with tedious dialogue.
An escapist comic-book movie, without apology.
Another dull, achingly generic story about saving the world.
Thankfully, Taylor and his cast create enough laughs and just enough thrilling set pieces to save the project from being crushed under the weight of its own dreary backstory.
Comic-book superheroes have become so angst-ridden in recent years it's a relief to be around one who has hung on to his sense of humour.
It's wider in scope than the first effort but just as funny.
Once the action picks up, Thor: The Dark World will satisfy Marvel fans and casual viewers alike.
The result is a good Thor movie when post-Avengers we wanted a great one.
It's sad to say, but Thor: The Dark World marks Marvel's first serious misfire.
Thor: The Dark World is a good model of how superheroes can save the world without forced gravitas, and have fun doing it.
A slight improvement over its predecessor, but not much better.
Enough with the appetite-whetting experiments. Just wake me when The Avengers: Age of Ultron is here.
The movie doesn't go nearly as in-depth as we would like it to. But that's ok, because it has enough fun on the excursion to be thoroughly enjoyable.
Enjoyable but inconsequential addition to the Marvel Comics movie universe.
A wildly uneven but entertaining sequel to one of Marvel Comics' most enduring franchises.
While there is a lot at stake plotwise, it never feels all that grave
This effort feels more like a retread than a fresh enterprise, with an emphasis more on spectacle than story or character depth.
Humor plus heroics make this action movie a winner.
A much better film than its 2011 predecessor, embracing its fantasy roots with exciting, entertaining results.
The Thor saga continues with this terminally underwhelming entry...
Sweeping, smartly paced, and frequently laugh-out-loud funny, Thor: The Dark World feels much more in tune with the playful tone of The Avengers than its own predecessor.
Since the release of 'The Avengers,' the bar has been raised considerably and even demigods will have to step it up in order to receive otherworldly praise.
Tom Hiddleston proved to be a dynamic villain in The Avengers and that star power explodes again.
Not as fun as the original, but still pretty good.
It throws everything at you ... . A good deal of it, amazingly, sticks, even if it quickly slides off like a cheap suction cup on a dirty window.
Better than average, the second in the "Thor" franchise isn't as interesting as other Marvel tales.
'Inside her is a relic that predates the universe,' says Anthony Hopkins. 'And we don't mean Michael Douglas.'
This is the kind of spectacle, carried off with panache, that Hollywood does supremely well.
Suffers... from an ill-defined conflict: the stakes are that old popcorn movie chestnut, "the entire universe", but how we get there is foggy at best.
"The Dark World," while a serious feature, does not take itself so seriously as the first film. It has a sly humor about it.
I was never a fan of the original and this sequel did nothing to change my opinion.
Delightful.
Super-fans will get their fix, but everyone else might feel like they're being hammered into submission by a major marketing plan.
Generic plotting aside, The Dark World is an entertaining entry in the hit-and-miss Marvel franchise.
Thor: The Dark World is visually enticing, but in a more ominous way than in the first film. With extraordinary special effects, Thor: The Dark World is sure to be well-liked by those who loved the first film yet isn't nearly as well done.
If there is a major flaw in the film it is the direction of Alan Taylor, who honed his craft on many HBO series over the years.
"Thor"t of good. Decent effects but not that ab-thor-bing.
As with the first film, the characters and their interactions again provide all the high points, with the cluttered storyline and routine action sequences jockeying for place position.
If "Star Trek" creator Gene Roddenberry were alive today to witness "Thor: The Dark World," he'd tell it to focus on being a superhero film rather than failing to dabble in science fiction.
I like the cast, I like the epic feel. It satisfied me in a way that Thor 1 did not.
This sequel gets a slow short before becoming worlds more entertaining than its 2011 predecessor.
A familiar world in danger story that should bring yawns to all those like me who are not fans of this genre.
Thanks to a great cast it works surprisingly well, despite annoying technical issues by a Director apparently not ready for this kind of responsibility.
It's the essence of what a popcorn comic book movie should be.
As stolidly drab as Thor can be, his trickster half-brother Loki is still a scream, and the picture perks up considerably when he's around, though how much more energy can be squeezed out of his antics is debatable.
At least the Thor-Loki narrative thread is worth unwinding. Too bad it's twisted up with all the overblown blockbuster nonsense.
Can you believe it's been several weeks since the last blockbuster comic book super-hero movie? How did we survive so long? Fortunately, Thor 2 has arrived to keep us from going into withdrawal.
A surprising lack of passion in this movie, as someone apparently mistook Dark World to mean Brooding, Lethargic World.
The Crocodile Dundee II of superhero films-in a good way!
Hiddleston steals the show with his ferret-faced grin and the shifty personality he instills in Loki.
with Tom Hiddleston playing him as a walking, furiously amused and condescending sneer, Loki is rendered irresistible and Thor doesn't stand a chance against him
It recaptures that feeling of running home with a new four-color comic, opening the pages, and delighting in the out-of-this-world adventures detailed within.
The ambitious Game of Thrones-esque mythology can't mask the fact that this superhero entry is just another piece of mildly satisfying, disposable entertainment.
Though hardly a must-see, Thor: The Dark World is better than the original: a looser, loopier hybrid of science fiction and fantasy powered by a pair of magnetic performances and leavened with a number of truly witty moments.
The battle scenes in Thor: The Dark World are interminable and muddy, thanks to the 3-D technology that makes everything look darker than it should.
Like so many comic book epics these days, Alan Taylor's 3-D Thor: The Dark World is both monumental and generic.
It's a good thing that Taylor and the cast have such a firm grasp on the mirco details, because on a macro-level, The Dark World just barely hangs together.
Thor is essentially Marvel's answer to Superman and, as with The Man of Steel, it can be difficult to craft a tale around a hero who is essentially invincible.
A way funnier, lighter, and quicker-to-the-punch sequel that bests its predecessor in almost every way.
Loki... fittingly, gets all the best moments and the actor clearly relishes the way his character enjoys being evil.
The limited ambition of The Dark World's climax is a relief. It scuttles all term paper aspirations and instead humbly lobs a thesis statement-slash-open invitation: Let's have some fun, shall we? And so we did.
If the Thor crazy persists, audiences may finally realize how weird all this stuff is.
Teen-friendly comic-book sequel is brutal, but not gory.
Despite a few problems, Thor: The Dark World builds on the Thor (and Avengers) to offer a bigger and more exciting adventure for Marvel's God of Thunder.
Poor Thor. Dude can't even hold center stage in his own movie. He's the Asgardian god of stolen thunder, upstaged at each ab turn by Loki, malarkey and Odin's eyepatch.
Visually, this is the most impressive Marvel movie yet.
Marvel has seemed to turn Thor into one giant joke. The plot is a mess, the effects look cheap, and Kat Dennings' annoying character practically dominates the movie. THOR: THE DARK WORLD is one major letdown!
True, this sequel gets better as it goes along, but that's a very steep climb just to arrive at not bad.
Despite its entertaining lineage and a few cool sequences, "Thor: The Dark World" feels like filler, designed to keep the engines running and the fan base primed for the next "Avengers" outing in 2015.
Can we please cease and desist with movies where not just the fate of a person, or a family, or a city, or even a world but where THE FATE OF ALL EXISTENCE is at stake? Wouldn't it be nice to see a superhero simply rescue a puppy sometime?
Its monsters and angry armies and visual effects are interchangeable with Peter Jackson's Tolkien pics, with Clash of the Titans, with The Avengers, with Man of Steel, and on and on.
Without (Loki's) suave sinister panache, this would be nothing more than a series of subpar space battles. With him, the Asgard angle has a viable place in the Marvel movie empire.
The first film in the Avengers canon to feel like a contractual obligation.
There's just enough tension and humor in "Thor: The Dark World" to make the film's otherwise listless proceedings worth watching, but only just.
There's much talk in "The Dark World" of the Nine Realms all coming into alignment for the first time in 5,000 years, but that's nothing - try and keep nine superhero franchises lined up.
The plot ... really doesn't matter all that much. The fun in this movie comes from watching this fine cast give its all to a film that truthfully is beneath each and every one of them.
By Odin's beard, my eyes!
Simple, blunt and very good at what it does; in that sense, it matches its amiable lunkhead of a hero.
This is a sequel that, compared to the original, is unequal, with pointless, dull CGI battles in Thor's pointless, dull outer realms.
The great interplay between the title character and his sarcastic brother Loki make this sequel worthwhile.
The most thoroughly fan pleasing comic book film since 'The Avengers.' I'm already pumped up for 'Thor 3.'
A pit stop in Marvel's long march toward total archive monetization.
After a good 20 minutes of laborious setup, the film finally moves forward. When it does, it's the charisma of the actors (especially Tom Hiddleston) and the film's sense of humor that keep it afloat.
It's all built around so much clanging of swords and denting of armor, but lacking that spark of life that the Avengers family of films is built upon.
Marvel Studios hammers out yet another semi-leaden bit of comic-book bombast with 'Thor: The Dark World.'
Hiddleston is clearly having a blast as a god who lives for chaos and he brings a jolt of pure devilish pleasure to every scene he is in.
The sequel feels like another in the long line of origin stories for any given superhero.
There's just a little in this movie for everyone. And such scattershot fun is more than enough to tide us over until Captain American returns next year.
Thor: The Dark World is a case of so many characters, so little for them to do.
While they absolutely stick the landing in the third act, getting to it is a bit of a chore.
When the battles kicked in, semi-yawn. We've seen it all before.
There was a moment where I was certain Loki's treachery knew one bound, but he's the master of the quadruple-cross, and he loves it. Viewers can have a bit of fun as well, since Taylor keeps the scale of mayhem mostly manageable.
If I'm spending that much time studying Odin's grooming, there's something wrong with the story, which is kind of slow to get going and features too many undeveloped threads.
This action-adventure sequel from Marvel soon turns so dumb and 3-D-murky that it hurts.
Dancing above a leaden plot and lumpy dialogue, Mr. Hiddleston moves his fine-boned features and graceful body, as if what he were doing matters; he seems imported from a quite different movie.
It's outlandish, occasionally silly and surprisingly fun.
Thor: The Dark World is a bombastic sequel which celebrates everything the first film did well while still not knowing what to do with its poor mortals.
It's the rare superhero movie that is more fun when it's not being superheroic.
Dimensions collide, and Taylor allows the film to hurtle with the force of Thor's hammer into pure popcorn-spectacle territory.
The screenplay by Christopher Yost, Christopher Markus and Stephen McFeely is, mercifully, not too long, and infused with just enough humor to make it enjoyable.
The best part of "Thor: The Dark World" was watching Jeanne almost falling off her seat when the handsome Hemsworth doffs his top to reveal an amazingly chiseled physique.
The latest chapter in Marvel's never-ending story takes a while to find its narrative momentum, but its later, better scenes have a loony oomph that drowns out your misgivings.
Hemsworth is like a gift from the movie gods. He not only totally looks the part, he's also a pretty darn good actor.(Full Content Review for Parents also available)
The weak score by Brian Tyler (Iron Man 3) fails to grip the disjointed plot. But the giant Greenwich showdown is a fun smash-up. Thor blimey!
Hemsworth and Hiddleston are fun to watch, but it's not one of Marvel's best.
A brainless, chaotic piece of comic-book hokum so loud and action-packed that by the end you might feel you've been clobbered over the head by the hero's big old hammer.
Abundant laughter saves the picture from thudding like the Thunder God's hammer.
Stolidly amusing superhero saga, a visual effects showcase.
The arbitrary and generic plot points and devices in "The Dark World" - in which Thor must save the Nine Realms from destruction - are slippery from overuse.
"Thor: The Dark World," unfortunately, makes good on its portentous title.
It's like a smorgasbord designed to give fans all they can eat -- or a roadside 24-hour buffet that clocks in, blessedly, at a mere two hours. Its welcoming air and variety can't fully disguise its lack of top-notch ingredients.
With all the death and destruction going on, there's still time for the kind of light humor that has helped distinguish films based on Marvel Comics characters.
See it with your kids. See it with your friends. See it with your parents. There are few surer bets at the multiplex.
Delivers adequate superhero adventure in a fairly generic manner.
Pleasingly old-school, Thor: The Dark World has a greater kinship with the science-fiction movies of the 1950s or even the first Star Wars cycle than the more earthbound adventures of Tony Stark and the rest of Thor's fellow Avengers.
Marvel Formula Alive and Well in Rollicking Thor 2.
Keeping a hammer-swinging god grounded in a world we can relate to isn't easy, but thanks to good performances, solid effects and great pacing, Taylor and his cast have nailed it.
Not enough Loki. Too many tacky 3D effects. And then there's the hard fact that everything old isn't necessarily new again just because the bottom line wishes it so.
"Thor: The Dark World" spreads enough of the love to co-stars, set designers and special effects personnel to make us forget that the hero is just a glorified quarterback from somebody else's favorite team.
The clutter makes your head feel like it's about to explode - and not in a good way, with wonders upon wonders. Instead it seems like arcana that might show up on the midterm final: the next Marvel movie.
Thor is an interesting superhero and all, but really, people, we need a Loki movie.
Comes across just as exciting and good-natured as its predecessor, once again finding the bulky, hardware-hurling superman in the thick of intergalactic war, only this time finding just as much hostility emerging from his love life.
As is the case with most good superhero sequels, The Dark World escapes the oppressive duty of franchise building, finally getting to play in the world its origin-story predecessor established.
The picture is a mess. But it's kind of a fun mess.
Leaden, non-involving and filled with mind-numbing computer-generated effects.
Taylor doesn't do anything particularly interesting with the staging or the photography, and the CGI is so obvious and ever-present that the film begins to take on, not the look of fantasy, but cheap unreality.
This first Thor sequel is enormously entertaining.
Alternately silly and spectacular, fun yet frivolous - a placeholder in an evolving superhero story that will continue to be told in subsequent Marvel movies.
Marvel Studios has unleashed their most outlandish (literally) and off-the-wall craziest entry in their entire canon.
At a time when Marvel Studios should be building on their success and embarking on more ambitious narratives, Thor: The Dark Side takes three steps back.
It is a film that simply fades into the background of other films, both already produced and still-to-come.
These movies make me think how lovely Thor and Jane's kids would be but not how majestically dreamy their bond is.
What's missing from The Dark World is a real sense of danger or suspense and genuine connections between the characters.
The story is ridiculously complicated.
While Hemsworth is buff and brooding as Thor, Tom Hiddleston steals every scene as the contemptuous Loki.
It isn't an obvious disaster, but its undeniable mediocrity is just as disappointing as if it were outright terrible.
Most people know from experience that you're not going to get a comprehensible plot or characters that you end up feeling something for, but when it comes to good old fashion entertainment, this is usually just the kind of film that gets the job done.
How do you know that Thor: The Dark World is for the fan-boys and absolutely nobody else? The opening exposition is sub-Tolkien balderdash that merely has the power to put you to sleep in seconds.
The Dark World blends action and humor with a deft touch that gets us all a little more excited about the future of the Marvel universe.
You'll get your money's worth with the film alone, but you should probably stay after the credits just to be safe.
Chris Hemsworth's third go at playing god/superhero/whatever Thor is still fun enough, and new director Alan Taylor knows that there has to be gags sprinkled liberally throughout, or all that pompous Asgardian stuff will get awfully dull.
director Alan Taylor's (HBO's 'Game of Thrones') ploy is to revert to comedy whenever the plot stops making sense. Too often, we're treated to the sight of Stellan Skarsgård (as scientist Erik Selvig) running around without his pants on.
The good stuff more than balances the bad, and even at nearly two hours, the movie never drags and stuffs in moments you can't forget. We'll forgive them the plot holes. This time.
Ridiculous movies are a lot like "mean" or offensive comedy. It works if the comedian knows he's being mean, or if the movie knows it's ridiculous. Thor: The Dark World knows it's ridiculous.
It's like the Disney/Marvel machine has worked up such a giant head of steam releasing comic book movies that nobody has bothered to notice that some of the movies aren't very good.
Plenty of fine actors do what they can here amid the digital mayhem and smashed columns.
The new film sprawls, often with more spirit than reason.
Thor: The Dark World begins as high fantasy and ends as a blown-up episode of Doctor Who.
Superhero movies aren't going anywhere, nor is their standard, on-to-the-next-fight structure, so it's heartening to see a gem that grandly and amusingly fills in the blanks.
There's a little something for everybody in the "Thor" movies. Comedy, romance, crazy creatures, a colorful mythology, and, of course, great action.
All normal physics is suspended and gods, objects and people go careening from one universe to another, which is fun to watch but extremely confusing.
Thor: The Dark World may not be thunder from the movie gods, but it is -- shock! -- an entertaining journey into mystery, action and fun.
For all the good Alan Taylor does in making sure that the sequel stays sure-footed, there's still a nagging feeling left behind that we haven't really seen a Thor film from a director who truly loves the world he's being paid to bring to life.
Marvel can't help itself: these movies have to get bigger and crazier. And this one leaves us wondering where they can possibly go next, as it spirals into a madly funny-scary thriller that threatens the existence of the whole universe.
"Thor: The Dark World" has been engineered to be yet another hole-filler in the hulking "Avengers" franchise, and expertly designed to keep multiple storylines in flux at once.
For all the references to the previous movies and the current Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. show, this is a movie that seems unable to find any justification for its own existence.
Too much hammer time, not enough fun, except when Loki's onscreen.
This is a superhero movie that feels like it might have been made by anyone and no one at the same time, simply space-filler before the next big team-up movie.
Easily one of Marvel's most entertaining films. It's got action, adventure, heart and some of the best superhero movie comedy. There are logic issues, but the film is such a joy and thrill that the pleasure of the illusion leaves no room for misgivings.
If "The Lord of the Rings" was ancient legends sifted through the sensibility of an Oxford professor of Anglo-Saxon studies, then "Thor: The Dark World" is grand Norse myth run through the minds of 9-year-olds.
It is here mostly to make you laugh, against the backdrop of a yet another Battle To Save The Universe. In this, it succeeds, handily.
An inelegant misfire, this is a chink in Marvel's otherwise solid armor.
An entertaining blend of fantasy and science fiction ... it's not the perfect sequel but it gets pretty damn close.
A leaden-footed mess, bulky and uninvolving...computerized movie-making, built with algorithms and tropes and very little actual humanity..Thor-mageddon ain't much fun..
Light hearted, but essentially more of the same -- "Thor Redux"
It's not a stinker by any means - in a vacuum, this movie would be a perfectly serviceable fantasy film. But as a Marvel movie, it suggests that these things are becoming progressively more formulaic
The whole thing cost about $200m. But the best thing about it is still an old Swede in his pants.
Perhaps at this point, even diehards may wish for something more from a Marvel equation that often subtracts humanity.
Sometimes the balance is off and the movie tilts into camp (Kat Dennings as Portman's high-strung assistant is an irritant), but when all is said and disintegrated, it delivers. At these prices, it better.
As Thor matures, his ego shrinks -- along with his identity.
Maintains a wonderful blend of fantasy and science fiction but it's an exhausting juggling act that grids Marvel's successful run on the big screen to a near halt
I wouldn't set your expectations too high but the film is still worth a look for its comedic moments (which dominate the highlight reel).
A slick, action-packed sequel for Marvel's God of Thunder.
Thor: The Dark World leaves viewers with a fitfully enjoyable, but mostly flavorless mush to tide themselves over with until next year's offerings.
Thor: The Dark World is a movie that understands why we like these characters, how they work and how to best bounce them off each other. I'll forgive the overclocked pacing because the movie swept me so perfectly into a big, weird world.
This sequel once again defies the odds, director Alan Taylor improving on the already solid foundation built by Branagh to deliver a movie that is as self-assured as it is fun.
... strap yourself in, endure the opening 30 minutes and you'll get to the most hilariously self-aware Marvel film in the series.
This is very decent mid-ranking Marvel.
Thor: The Dark World feels hopelessly derivative, a follow-up whose grandiose scale fails to conceal its lack of original ideas, not to mention flagrant logical problems.
Roll on Thor 3.
What's all the fuss about this franchise? Trust me. Once you've met jokey Loki, you'll understand.
It's as action-packed and visually spectacular as any of its Marvel stablemates - and arguably the funniest of the lot.
'Thor: The Dark World' is everything I want out of a movie starring a handsome God in a red cape.
Taylor really pulls out all the stops for the film's climax, an epic dustup in which the antagonists whiz back and forth between different realms through wormholes in space... Fast moving, fun, and deftly edited, it ensures the movie goes out on a high.
Delivers thrills, laughs and emotion in equal measure, thanks to a witty script, superb performances, thrilling action sequences and assured direction from Alan Taylor that gets the tone exactly right.
It hasn't got the story to quite match the spectacle, but it's another exciting and witty entry in the Marvel cinematic canon.
The film comes alive in its second hour with the pairing of its two most charismatic players, becoming both funny (finally) and relatively enthralling ...
It is all riotous nonsense, with sporadically successful but more often hammer-fisted attempts at light relief.
A perfectly enjoyable exercise in superheroics, and much more fun to watch than 'Man of Steel'.
It seems to be a trickier world to manage on a second outing, but fans will be pleased.
Think heavy-metal Lord of the Rings. With wormholes. It's completely mad and kind of awesome.
When Thor: The Dark World is firing on all cylinders, it's hard to find a more purely enjoyable time at the movies.
A tad familiar, with Marvel franchise fatigue setting in, but overall it's enjoyable.
Hokum for overgrown kids, accessorised with daft dialogue.
If it's true that movies teach you how to watch them, this one's clear from the outset: enjoy but don't get too involved.
While Thor: The Dark World is fun in places it's far from a satisfying experience.
Drab, bloated and stuck together with special effects that look like high-end Microsoft screensavers.
Most of what worked in 'Thor' works again: Hiddleston is campy and treacherous, Hemsworth is puppy-dog keen and there's a nice line in knowing jokery.
And so, another piece of Marvel mythology is hewn from rock that is one-part granite and two-parts fluff.
For a franchise so defined by its hulking he-man central figure, there is very little meat on the bone in Thor: The Dark World.
Thor: The Dark World strives for Star Wars with its dense world-building , but its goofy sense of humour (and overall frivolousness) makes it feel more like the first season of Buffy... This is a good kind of problem.
These are the things I love in Thor films, and thank goodness they are all present in Thor: The Dark World. What is missing, unfortunately, is the original's sense of ebullient entertainment.
There's a great deal of effort involved in making this film and I am full of admiration - even if not especially keen to see it again
Surrounded by a plethora of visual effects aimed to impress, Chris Hemsworth's larger than life and abundantly handsome Thor storms onto the screen
There's more than enough here for the comic book lot. But the rest of us have probably seen enough space portals, mid-air punch-ups and tepid love stories to last us an Asgardian lifetime.
Marvel's man with the mallet does all that's required of him in a breakneck sequel that's never dark for long.
As confident and assured as its lead character, Marvel's great run continues. We give this Thor out of Thive. (Sorry.)
Familiarity trumps originality in this fun and very funny comic book sequel with Chris Hemsworth and Tom Hiddleston.
Though it uses some spotty logic and galactic-sized plot contrivances to get it over the finish line, Thor: The Dark World is never less than breathlessly entertaining.
Thanks to Hiddleston and Hemsworth's impressive collective charisma, Thor: The Dark World is far from a franchise killer.
Even the unnecessarily complicated plot and the villain's overly simplified motivation can't keep Thor: The Dark World from at least being fun.
Of all of the Marvel franchises Thor always felt the most difficult to pull off (he is a virtually indestructible God after all) but here it all ties together rather well.
It feels entirely made by committee - the definition of house style, without a personal stamp in sight.
This robust, impersonal visual-effects showpiece proves buoyant and unpretentious enough to offset its stew of otherwise derivative fantasy/action elements.
Thor: The Dark World adds spoonfuls of sci-fi/fantasy eye candy for a big-screen Marvel fan base that needs it and most certainly wants it.
A prime piece of pop candy, a witty, flashy, unflaggingly entertaining addition to the Marvel canon, light on its feet in spite of its cosmic sprawl.
Thor: The Dark World is a hugely entertaining and sharply written continuation of Marvel's Phase 2, combining heart, spectacle and a shrewd lightness of touch.
Thor: The Dark World delivers the goods - action, otherworldly grandiosity, romance, humor - above and beyond its predecessor.
While enjoyable in spots, 'The Dark World' is haphazard and ultimately unsatisfying.
Thor: The Dark World is an ambitious, thrilling and often hilarious superhero sequel. Iron Man got things off to a great start, but now Marvel's 'Phase Two' is in full swing.

@highlight

It may not be the finest film to come from the Marvel Universe, but Thor: The Dark World still offers plenty of the humor and high-stakes action that fans have come to expect.