It is no small feat to create an unbearable sense of tension and claustrophobia in an endless expanse of windswept desert. The Wall, however, does so brilliantly.
The premise runs short quickly. [Full Review in Spanish]
Far from the exalted patriotism in Eastwood's American Sniper, [The Wall] is a cinematic joke that's sick of the propaganda campaign. [Full Review in Spanish]
The best... that can be said of a movie like The Wall is that it manages to square up the impossible proposal and come out more than victorious by using that formula... [Full review in Spanish]
This moderately suspenseful showdown on the front lines features committed performances even as it struggles to generate enough narrative momentum to justify its feature length.
The Wall ... tries very hard to achieve that seriousness of purpose that shouts importance with every spoken word.
The drama unfolds more or less in real time, and may be one of the grimiest, dustiest films I've ever seen.
Liman's slight film is minimalist, claustrophobic and highly visceral
It feels more like a festival-pleaser than a commercial release, and it's not as clever, or as metaphorical, as it thinks it is.
While The Wall hits the right notes with action, the dialogue is weak and gets trite very quickly.
At best a tossed-off lark that taxes its creator not at all, and at worst feels like some exercise that everybody involve decided to joylessly grind through.
The Wall in the end isn't much more than a stunt. It doesn't have anything new to say about war, either in general or in this example, and therefore doesn't say much of anything at all.
A kind of Phone Booth-meets-Enemy Mine by way of The Hurt Locker, Doug Liman's single-location drama is notable mainly for a fine acting performance and impressive evocation of space and place.
The Great Wall feels overly calibrated for international success with lots of action, some of it impressive.
The dialogue ("We're not so different, you and I") can sound a little ripe, but the action is appropriately brutish and impeccably timed.
The concise length partially mitigates the failings, but ultimately this is a Saw knock-off in camo gear.
Like 2016's surprise hit The Shallows, The Wall proves you can achieve a lot with very little.
Very tense, tight exercise in single-locale filmmaking by director Doug Liman.
...a tight little thriller custom-made to straddle the line between cinema-worthy and streaming fodder.
Here is a war movie every bit as different and diverting as the great Dunkirk, yet reduced to the most minimal scale imaginable.
Some of the chatter is borderline silly, but Liman holds it all together with astute filmcraft - and Taylor-Johnson's gritty performance.
A powerful microcosm depicting the horrors of war, Doug Liman's tense drama is a heart in mouth affair, as the psychological elements shape our experience.
The more demanding will find more fails in it, but there's not much to see in the billboard that is worthy, certainly this film will entertain you. [Full review in Spanish]
The hero's physical efforts to improve his situation aren't particularly thrilling, but they exert a basic grip, and that's more than can be said for the conversation that unfolds when the sniper makes radio contact and begins taunting him.
It's an interesting premise, with moments of tension and visceral gore, but Taylor-Johnson's performance isn't strong enough to rescue the film from lengthy stretches of banality.
There's not enough juice in the script for Liman to make this something special. Still, he makes a strong start.
Like waterboarding, it ought to qualify as "cruel and unusual punishment".
The thin story isn't quite enough to stretch over an hour and a half, but The Wall has enough to make the majority of the experience nail-biting.
A great premise poorly executed.
Sometimes you're watching a movie and you know that it's not working, but you're clinging to it. You're pleading with it. You're willing it to get better. And then it does something so stupid and downright inept that you just give up.
Liman keeps everything tightly wound and over the course of its brief 90-minute running time Dwain Worrell's script presents a compelling look at how conflict is repeatedly escalated by underestimating the enemy.
A film that begins with the premise of a classic western or a cat-and-mouse thriller unfolds more like a worthy radio drama or a fringe theatre production.
The Wall is one of those pictures that doesn't have an awful lot wrong with it, it just seems to be lacking in any real sense of purpose, or tangible point.
An eerie, menacing film.
Liman doesn't waste shots, but the writing just won't quit, determined for us to grasp all this as a microcosm for America's Iraq involvement and the mess it left behind.
The intention of the film is to make us feel the same as this human being trapped between the rifle and the wall. Unfortunately, it does it halfway. [Full review in Spanish]
Given the constraints the filmmakers have imposed on themselves, this is a remarkably gripping affair.
The increasingly impressive Taylor-Johnson dominates the screen time.
With minimal story and reduced but well-developed scenography, The Wall shows the humane side of soldiers (american or not), a place that pacifist proposals have explored and explored forever. [Full review in Spanish]
A relentlessly taut thriller, a cautionary tale on the folly of starting wars you can't finish.
If one's idea of a war movie is a cast of thousands amid big action and emotion then this might struggle to appeal, but it's a sombre, anxiety-inducing and welcome addition to the genre.
It would have been better for "The Wall" to stay away from the allegorical and tell only a tale of physical action geared toward survival; then it might have been more effective and meaningful.
Director Doug Liman, working with a screenplay that was on a shortlist of Hollywood's best unproduced works, is a master at using edits and camera angles as a tool for heightening anxiety.
"The Wall" saves its best and most surprising moments to last.
The Wall has a kick-ass ending, and whatever mediocrity you have to sit through to get there is worth it. Simple as that.
Metaphorical war in the Middle East is played out to perfection.
The thought-provoking 'The Wall' isn't a typical war movie.
...an endeavor that, even at 81 minutes, simply can't sustain a feature-length running time.
It's not that good. It's not even interestingly bad.
Aaron Taylor Johnson is supreme, and there's a hint of Doug Liman's well-known capabilities behind the camera, but The Wall just isn't substantial enough to stand up on its own.
Compact, blunt and borderline exploitative, Doug Liman's lean military thriller The Wall largely plays like a Max Fischer stage adaptation of American Sniper.
The Wall ... is a stunner.
a taut, grim, hard-edge war thriller
The Wall accomplishes a lot in a lean 82-minute runtime, proving that you don't need to be a long war movie to tell an impactful battlefield tale.
The intensity and desperation never reaches the fever pitch necessary to make this entire situation believable.
it was up to director Doug Liman, screenwriter Dwain Worrell, and actors Aaron Taylor-Johnson and John Cena to create a scenario that would hold an audience's attention. They succeed.
The Wall is a deliciously nasty film.
Whatever its shortcomings as a movie - and it gets long and dry and dull for a good long stretch - The Wall stays true to its own narrow, hellish vision of war.
I'd recommend it.
Despite a couple of clever twists, The Wall, from Amazon Studios, is so very intimate, it's the sort of thing you'd be far more likely to enjoy if you stumbled across it on Amazon Prime rather than if you paid to see it in a theater.
Suffice it to say, the ending has an unfortunate way of undercutting the credibility of what comes before it.
Two guys, a crumbling wall, a few guns, and enough dust to make you practically taste the grit. That's about all director Doug Liman needed to make this tense, claustrophobic little war movie.
Beyond the narrative's inexorably destructive unfolding, the brilliant, thrilling ending of The Wall has brute conviction and chilly logic that befits a reported $3 million budget.
All around good filmmaking about a subject that hasn't yet played itself out.
This kind of compact storytelling can be difficult to pull off, but Dwain Worrell's screenplay makes it look easy; this is a tense, tight, bracing film, recalling many "B" movie classics.
War is hell, and this is a prime example of how to make a claustrophobic and suspenseful feature about that very subject.
Hopefully you can find nuance in the face of Aaron Taylor-Johnson throughout the 90 minute run-time of this film, because it's just about all you see.
The posturing leads to an ending that's unsatisfying even on the level of pessimism it aspires to.
It's a gruesome bit of a cat and mouse entertainment that will likely appease genre hounds while it frustrates and annoys anyone looking for something more substantive.
Some individual action sequences within this film are also effective, but they don't add up to anything, making The Wall a very long 82 minutes indeed.
"The Wall" is a haunting, engrossing death march, one that's not entirely original but also not easy to shake.
This is a smart, gritty, quietly chaotic war movie which resonates far beyond its purposely small scale.
Liman ... elevates the material every chance he gets, ensuring what could have been a bargain-basement dramatic exercise looks and moves like a big-budget thrill ride.
[Liman] clearly appreciates the chance to play at a smaller, more intimate scale. Cinematographer Roman Vasyanov's unnerving combination of wide shots and extreme close-ups makes open space feel fraught with danger.
The Wall is the best kind of war film, one that expresses both the brutality of combat and the ambiguity of conflict.
Strip away all of the camo and sand, and it could be a page out of a Jack London adventure yarn.
The film's close focus on one or two individuals makes the situation that much scarier, the fear that much more intense. And it makes the overall impact of The Wall that much more profound.
The Wall is tense and dynamic, tremendously active within the narrow parameters of the action.
The Wall may be entertaining and masterfully directed - notable traits for a tiny budget - but it has nothing to say about war survival, other than a reductive depiction of its sheer difficulty.
Tautly dramatic.
The vein-popping mood is ultimately more exhausting than exciting.
Mostly a dialogue between two characters who never progress beyond one-dimensional.
More interesting than you might imagine. But not interesting enough.
This is an immediate and intimate thriller, consistently paced and shot with total control of communicating geography and strategy.
Like the killer in Phone Booth and the entity in Lights Out and so many villains of all forms through the decades, the longer we go without seeing the tormenter, the more terrifying he becomes.
The abrupt introduction of this chatty theatrical artifice disrupts the drama's gritty realism. Now, it really does feel like a one-set, real-time stage play.
Liman does good work in making the disembodied voice into a man, and in fitting a dialogue-heavy drama into the framework of an action film where the action is minimal but definitely not minor.
This doesn't have much to say about the U.S. occupation of Iraq-it could have taken place during any modern military conflict-though as an exercise in suspense it delivers.
Sandstorms, blood on the sand, a rickety, un-mortared wall, and the near-biblical remoteness of the Iraqi desert all conspire - along with their quizzical, chatty killer - to kill and kill again.
A minimalist military survival story that comes across largely as a technical exercise, though admittedly an efficiently manufactured one, with an ending that will probably confound audience expectations.
"The Wall" is merely an exercise in empty intensity. Watching it feels too much like being trapped in it.
An exceptional showcase for Taylor-Johnson, who carries the film completely on his shoulders.
"The Wall" is not the sort of movie that entertains. It's the type that scars.
Cena both looks the part and acts it, and gets to spout the movie's best bit of amusingly macho, off-color grousing about the heat.
It's pretty darn good.
The indie director of Swingers and Go has used his post-Edge of Tomorrow downtime to box himself into a cat-and-mouse sub-genre without identifying what psychological horror he'd like to explore.
The central performances by Taylor-Johnson and Cena stick to the life-and-death business at hand, which is also the stuff of blood, sweat, some tears but not too much corn.
A disappointment, carrying more of an iffy experimental tone than a richly suspenseful atmosphere, watching the production try to cook up something heart-racing with almost nothing to work with.
The Wall has moments of intensity which achieve what Liman seems to want, but it never does enough to make something out of its set up.
A tense and nasty black-box thriller that conveys its politics through the microcosmic stakes of its life-and-death scenario.
Taylor-Johnson's agonized performance holds the audience's attention, but his portrayal doesn't really take the character anywhere.
There's an absence of intimacy. We don't know who these people are, and by about minute 45, we don't want to.
This small and lazy film -- featuring two actors, one evil voice and a crumbling stone wall -- attempts to be deep and even existential but it can't hide its deep flaws in the constant swirling desert sands.
While The Wall is often an unpleasant, painful-to-watch experience, it is also a memorable and commendable addition to the canon of well-intentioned anti-war movies.
Doug Liman marries his former indie sensibilities to his contemporary action heart in The Wall, a surprisingly compelling one-man show for the British actor Aaron Taylor-Johnson.
A mostly satisfying genre soufflé, guided by a skilled director who seems to be all in on this minimalist filmmaking opportunity.
There is potential here for something spooky and surreal, like A Midnight Clear, but the script feels more like an old episode of the Vic Morrow series Combat.
Doug Liman's taut sniper thriller The Wall falls somewhere between The Hurt Locker and Lone Survivor on that scale, offering surface-level critiques of the fog of war while serving as a tense thriller on its own.
The Wall works as a taut piece of modern American mythos, sprinkled with hefty helpings of genre and jingoism.
The Wall packs a surprisingly savage punch by boiling the exploits of battle down to its essential elements.
Liman, for all his action acuity, struggles to make lying behind a wall exciting.
A combat film that's too much "Phone Booth," and not enough "American Sniper."
Aaron Taylor-Johnson deserves more credit as an actor, because he's the only reason this Iraq War thriller hobbles steadily on two legs.
Possesses an intensely realized physicality, but tedium outweighs suspense by a very large margin ...
A lean, back-to-basics thriller ...
Smaller than the sum of its stones, this taut psychological thriller is still sturdy enough, and every bit as compelling as some studio fare 10 times its size.

@highlight

The Wall makes the most of its limitations -- albeit perhaps not quite enough to stretch its tight-focused action into a consistently gripping feature-length thriller.