Both McConaughey and Hudson look less interested in the material than cashing their checks and taking in the Bahamas sun.
Fool's Gold is a decently charming movie, not a bad couple of hours diversion (once anyway) especially if you come across it while channel surfing, but not much more.
The comedy, though, is broad and only mildly effective and the banter lacks edge and wit.
Yo-Ho-Ho hum.
Just because these two pretty people flirted and pratfell well once, doesn't mean they can do it again--especially when they're trying to do it with such a clunker of a script on their hands.
As fluffy and mindless as its promotional materials may have indicated...
I Hated Hated Hated Hated Hated Hated Hated This Movie!!!!!!!!!
The film's final half hour does feature some decent action though, but by that point, you don't really care.
...more silly than romantic, more frantic than comedic, and more busy than adventurous.
Surprisingly enjoyable.
[T]he frequency with which people are shot or drowned wears away at any attempts the film makes to be frothy or screwball.
Matthew McConaughey, whose continuing Hollywood career deserves a separate chapter in any future book by Richard Dawkins on the non-existence of God, is reunited for this romcom caper with Kate Hudson, herself uncompromisingly abysmal in everything.
A ghastly romantic comedy about a race to find a 17th-century Spanish wreck full of treasure. The film is completely dead behind the eyes.
No amount of gratuitous McConaughey ab-flashing (he never stops) or the parading of Kate Hudson in a weeny bikini can scrape this one off the sea bed. Plankton would be insulted.
http://www.totalfilm.com/cinema_reviews/films_out_this_week/fools_gold
Like Tess and Finn, the makers of Fool's Gold are motivated by lucre, not love.
To inject drama, the anaemic plot contorts to spin danger out of Finn's debt to an island owning gangsta rapper (Kevin Hart), and his rivalry with his mentor.
I succumbed to the very occasional charms of this fair, good-natured romcom adventure and left the screening in quite a good mood.
Absolute tosh. A ridiculous, unerringly tedious plot is weighed down by listless performances from a cast who clearly wished they were somewhere else, despite the sumptuous locations.
Never do we believe that these two might actually be capable of hooking up off-screen, and this romantic flatness kills your appetite to keep watching.
The idiocy on display in this film is almost breathtaking ... but it's also far more entertaining than those slickly pretentious Hollywood thrillers.
... the two likable leads sink together in Fool's Gold, a leaden action adventure about treasure hunters.
Fool's Gold is pretty much bereft of bright spots.
Um dos tipos de besteira mais irritantes que existem: aquele que acredita precisar de duas horas para ser contado.
IF THERE IS A ROMANTIC-COMEDY HELL, Matthew McConaughey and Kate Hudson surely stand at the gates waving people in.
Ocean lovers can ignore the lame plot at the forefront in favor of concentrating on the shimmering beauty of the water.
Fool's Gold is the cinematic equivalent of going to the Caribbean for vacation. You won't be visiting any great museums, taking in any palaces, marveling at any opulent cathedrals or doing much of anything to stretch your intellect. But you will
This is garbage. It's pretty garbage inhabited by pretty people in pretty surroundings, but it's still garbage.
Thought it falters almost as often as it succeeds, Fool's Gold has an odd, low-key appeal.
Has a move ever been so aptly named?
Like its namesake mineral, Fool's Gold looks like one thing (a romantic comedy), turns out to be something else (an action-adventure), and has zero value.
...little more than an excuse to strip the stars (and nubile starlet Alexis Dziena) down to skimpy swimwear...
The "fool's gold" in this case is the money being thrown down by the clueless moviegoer to see this trivial travelogue...Gold has no distinctive shine to its glitter
A goofy romantic comedy and a clumsy action-adventure collide at sea.
It's possible that there might have been an OK 80-minute movie buried in all this, but the additional 40 minutes more than takes care of that.
An inane script buries good actors who have terrific chemistry... A convoluted treasure hunt plot and sinking sentimentality don't help.
A bad movie, bad in almost every respect, bad as adventure and bad as romance and bad as comedy. It's really completely bad.
My favorite stars spent three months in a tropical paradise and all I got was this lousy movie.
Fool's Gold is so predictable that seeing the trailer is essentially the same as seeing the movie.
Does McConaughey have some codicil in his contract stipulating he must spend at least 51% of a movie shirtless?
The physical spark between the two shaggy blondes that made How to Lose a Guy in 10 Days the perfect airplane movie is 20 fathoms under sea.
If you're in the mood for a boring by the numbers romantic comedy, this is for you.
A sublimely ironic deconstruction of cinematic conventions? If only. What we have here is filmmaking that is forced, flimsy and flaky. At best.
An extended cruise ship commercial run through the blender with "Gilligan's Island" sub-plots and slacker pratfalls. A teenager's story about treasure hunting that not even a teen-ager could love.
After this bomb, McConaughey's next project should be a reality show called "Pimp My Abs."
...never aspires to much, but it's easy on the eyes, a vicarious Caribbean vacation, a beach read on a rainy day.
Maybe the most telling commentary is that Even though the two leading actresses spend much of their time in bikinis, the largest breasts in the film belong to Matthew McConaughey.
While Fool's Gold is hardly a treasure, it might make a worthy investment.
"Fool's Gold" is the second pairing on screen of McConaughey and Hudson, and their chemistry makes them seem like they've been together forever
Director Andy Tennant seems to have found a mythical Zen space of bad comedic timing.
Fool's Gold makes Six Days, Seven Nights look like Raiders of the Lost Ark. It makes Pirates of the Caribbean: At Worlds End look like Pirates: Curse of the Black Pearl. It makes Into the Blue look like everything
Matthew McConaughey and Kate Hudson have the spar-flirt formula down pat.
Alas, the nautical romantic comedy constitutes a missed opportunity-a voyage to Red Lobster in a dinghy-mostly thanks to mediocre directing.
Not only do we not care about the lost treasure, their characters aren't developed enough for us to give a hoot, so nothing about this story strikes gold.
It's not a complete power failure, but it's close.
A comedy with no jokes is more like a dulledy.
This movie feels very generic and very, very long; after it's over, you might need a little sunscreen for your brain.
So intricate, so convoluted and so full of various character names that it becomes impossible to follow.
The action does kick in eventually, but director Andy Tennant's staging is uninspired. The picture also grows more violent than you might expect -- a development that smacks of desperation.
The plot gets messier without getting funnier, and there's something distasteful about the way the movie treats its black Bahamian characters.
The movie winds up as a lot of pretty people sitting around a movie set waiting for a director and writers to strike comic or romantic gold. At least their tans were 24 karat.
At least costume designer Ngila Dickson didn't have to work too hard on McConaughey's wardrobe.
Nothing about the movie is memorable, unless you happen to be McConaughey's undoubtedly proud personal trainer.
There are several dazzlingly pretty but profoundly dumb characters in Fool's Gold, characteristics they share with the film itself.
Fool's Gold isn't so much a film as an opportunity to pay homage to Matthew McConaughey's impressive physique.
Anything can happen -- anything except anything remotely entertaining.
The best thing you can say about Fool's Gold is that it gets less bad as it goes along.
The greatest stars in the world could not salvage something so ill-conceived, however, and neither can director Andy Tennant.
A semi-adventure and even less of a romantic comedy, only pretends to whip up excitement.
Not offensive. Not icky. Not even naughty. Just stupid.
You might even forget you're watching a movie and think you're having flashbacks to Us Weekly.
It's so riddled with complications and exposition (a queen's dowry, hurricanes, libraries in Spain) you wish the audience had just been handed an appendix and footnotes that covered the boring parts.
It is such a prefabricated, false-feeling, scattered and awkward stab at a romantic comedy you feel embarrassed for everyone involved and sorry for anyone who spends money on a ticket expecting a decent date movie.
What didn't figure into the equation was fresh writing.
Several good actors turn up to no particular effect -- including Ray Winstone as Finn's surly mentor, and Donald Sutherland as a mega-yacht-owning billionaire.
[A] sorry deep-sea adventure.
When I was bored watching it (which is to say often) I thought about admiring the hard work McConaughey did for this picture and how all that work appears to have gone into his abs.
Screen couplings that work are things to be treasured. In that sense, Fool's Gold is as close to the real thing as we've come in a while.
It's a mindless Funjet excursion that doesn't take as long, cost as much or leave you as sunburned.
May have been filmed in a new process: Pectoralscope.
It's no more nor less than International Treasure: Book of Sea Crests.
along the lines of Romancing the Stone or Six Days, Seven Nights... without the old man macking on the lesbian
A modestly entertaining genre pick that doesn't take itself too seriously.
Harmless but seriously wit-deficient.
Fool's gold, indeed.
The screenplay works hard to make sense of all the situations and characters and for the most part does a plausible job. While the jokes fall flat sometimes, it's not for lack of trying.
The only people who will get any enjoyment out of this feature are those who love to ogle Matthew McConaughey shirtless ...
It's been there-done that on a grandly idiotic scale, and the only enjoyment to be had from the thing is when it is finally over.
Fool's Gold really pushes the violence level way out of proportion. It also pushes our level of tolerance for exposition.
It was co-written by the authors of "Anaconda 2" and the director of "Hitch" and the Drew Barrymore version of the Amy Fisher story and even by those less-than-robust standards, they are playing well below their respective high-water marks
Does Matthew McConaughey's contract call for him to be shirtless for a specific amount of time in every movie?
as pretty as it is dumb
Kate Hudson stars opposite Matthew McConaughey's tanned torso in this forced, unfunny attempt at something Romancing the Stone made look so effortless.
Like its namesake, this one is all glitter.
In Fool's Gold Kate Hudson and Matthew McConaughey, as golden as a pair of rotisserie chickens, squabble and cavort in a tropical paradise.
Fool's Gold, like its namesake, is a poor substitute for the real thing, which is feeling rarer all the time.
Fool's Gold is like The Three Stooges meets Gilligan's Island. I did laugh a few times, mainly to keep myself awake, but there's very little funny about these cardboard characters.
Fool's Gold can't help but feel like one of the larger disappointments found in this new year of filmgoing. I mean, how often does a seafaring actioner come along, and then the guy hired to direct it is Andy Tennant?
The script is fatally stupid, most of the gags fall flat, the secondary characters add little, Hudson fails to make anything interesting out of the exasperated heroine, and the endless references to McConaughey's sexual prowess finally become revolting.
It's a flat, listless movie all the way around, the kind where you know exactly how every scene will end the moment it begins.
This charmless romantic comedy-adventure is pretty dumb -- dumber even than the recent National Treasure sequel, if that's possible.
Nothing but a flimsy excuse for McConaughey to spend half of his screen time shirtless.
McConaughey makes an amiable enough fool, and the sunny, spirited Hudson is just as Gold(ie) as ever. For a mainstream February release, this one isn't so bad.
Of course it's bad. It was always going to be. But it's worse than necessary.
It's early in the year, but I defy any 2008 comedy to be as stupid, slack and sexless as Fool's Gold. And I'm counting Paris Hilton's appalling The Hottie and the Nottie, which is marginally better.
Matthew McConaughey goes beefcake in blah romcom.
The fools, it turns out, are audience members who get duped into thinking this will be a fun, energetic romp.
This movie is a lot like going on vacation and only eating at chain restaurants: familiar and bland, despite the beautiful surroundings.
I can't think of why anyone would want to endure this soggy mess.
I can't imagine why on Earth anyone would want a movie to fail so spectacularly on every level -- perhaps there's some sort of tax shelter thing involved, or a Springtime for Hitler scam scenario -- but here it is.
Fool's Gold is a movie that keeps reminding you of its antecedents, all the way back to 1984 and the comic adventure Romancing the Stone.
It's like Raiders of the Lost Ark, only for retards.
That two of the three scribes responsible for Fool's Gold have previously specialized in horror makes perfect sense.
The film exec who apparently thought that these two were the next Tracy and Hepburn was sadly mistaken. Heck, Matthew and Kate aren't even the new Frankie and Annette.
A movie that manages to be everything -- romantic comedy, adventure film, family melodrama, farce, gangster movie, and history lesson -- and absolutely nothing all at once.
Fool's Gold is a disposable beach paperback of a movie, easy to digest and even easier to forget.
An 'as-if' romantic adventure reunites How to Lose a Guy in 10 Days lovebirds Matthew McConaughey and Kate Hudson in a sun-soaked treasure hunt that squanders everybody's time, including yours.
Watching a movie this life-sucking, you start to scour the surroundings for something -- anything -- to hold your interest.
There's more continuity in an episode of Teletubbies.
McConaughey bravely rips off his shirt, throws himself in front of the women and selflessly absorbs the camera's leers.
It's going to be dragged through the critical mud because it's not "Atonement."
It would be nice to say that Hudson and McConaughey connect the same way they did in How to Lose a Guy in 10 Days, but the fitful chemistry from that film has all but evaporated here.
Let's just say that enjoyment, even trashy enjoyment, is not to be sneered at. Boredom, on the other hand, is -- and that's the real crime committed by the dead-in-the-water Fool's Gold.
An unfunny and overlong sea romp.
The movie lost me right from the beginning, when I couldn't accept any of its plot premises and didn't believe in any of its characters.
It may glitter, but this certainly isn't gold.
A lumpy, leaden mixture of romantic comedy and adventure that never takes wing.
Aspiring to the effortless fun of a classic screwball comedy, the movie--a showcase for the narcissitic McConaughey and slightly more modest Hudson--is so light, diffuse, and shallow that it literally floats away.
Get ready to heat up February and prepare for another love struck film.
The tone of Fool's Gold often feels as if Tennant & Co. were straining to create a live-action version of a Bugs Bunny cartoon, from the slapsticky physical humor to the constantly jaunty score.
This has nothing to offer that we haven't seen before, making it one of those winter offerings that will be long forgotten by the summer.
There is very little chemistry between McConaughey and Hudson, and yet they make another movie together.
Fool's Gold offers small compensation -- a listless romantic comedy that, almost out of desperation, turns a little more violent than necessary near the end.
Could have been called How to Lose an Audience in 10 Minutes.
Ought to come with a warning sign posted in the lobby: no shirt, no shoes, no laughs.
Once the eye candy value wears off, there's precious little left to salvage from this awkward and only mildly diverting genre bender
I can't think of anything positive to say about this badly written, over directed adventure in which unbelievable characters move heaven and earth to find long lost treasure.
McConaughey's sexy beach bum feeds his obsession for 40 lost chests of gold, while Kate smacks around lots of big, burly men who pretend to be terrified, in this snoozer treasure hunt travelogue.
A trifling slice of winter season counter-programming.
Seek cinematic gold elsewhere.





@highlight

With little chemistry among the performers, humorless gags, and a predictable storyline, Fool's Gold fails on every level.