It's life affirming, amusing and touching, as relationships struggle and blossom, while friendships form a rock-solid boost to newly imposed loneliness
Both sweet and real.
hanks to Susan Seidelman for reminding us that romantic comedy is suitable for any population or age group...
There are few scenes in films that I regret seeing, two of which are unfortunately in Susan Seidelman's maudlin "The Boynton Beach Bereavement Club."
Seidelman maintains the narrow path between ridicule and dignity in a movie that dishes out humour even-handedly, but spares the characters total humiliation.
Despite its best intentions, this seems like a hack job, a routine directing assignment shoved through its paces under the restrictions of a low budget.
Replaces one set of clichés with another, and does what all lame comedies do to young and old alike: It robs them of their humanity and makes them cute.
Ultimately, the film comes off as a sexed-up cable episode of The Golden Girls, but it still offers amusing scenarios and likeable older characters of a sort too seldom seen on modern movie screens.
Good intentions and strong thespians aside, Seidelman's writing and filmmaking are bland, obvious and uninvolving.
The characters are treated with respect, and their zest for life is inspiring (and not just for those who share their age bracket).
Its obsession with elderly sex makes it come off like a dirtier, extended-play version of the long-running television series The Golden Girls.
"Boynton Beach Club" can warm a heart of any age.
The achievement of Boynton Beach Club is to remind moviegoers that there are huge portions of the population who never appear on-screen and that they have interesting lives, too.
There's no character in the group who doesn't ooze good-natured charm.
Unsatisfying comedy-drama, which features a cheesy golden-oldies soundtrack that feels even more packaged than the dialogue.
The movie is funny without disrespecting its characters. But there is a sadness at its heart, because, although the possibilities for romantic happiness diminish after the age of 65, the dynamics of sexual attraction and coupling never change.
More a series of anecdotes than an insightful dramedy and relies too much on absurd coincidences and needless sitcom-style lying.
Seidelman's movie doesn't dig deep, and the comedy too quickly veers into routine relationship territory -- albeit with wrinkles.
Not a very good movie, but it somehow manages to be enjoyable.
This funny, nervy, and pointedly unrated geriatric sex comedy is both enhanced and occasionally limited by being targeted at baby boomers.
While it occasionally strains to be cute and borders on sitcom, many issues addressed will ring true to the over-65 crowd, its target audience.
The script, co-written by Seidelman, based on her mother Florence's adventures in a butterfly-balloted suburban retirement community, feels like it was written by Neil Simon on a bad comb-over day.
These characters' longing for affection and their fear of loneliness are both painfully specific and soothingly universal: We are all Boynton Beach.
The actors seem to be having fun, but the gags are all well past the mandatory retirement age.
It falls too easily into romantic comedy movie conventions, but for the first two-thirds at least, it's an enjoyably sassy comedy, reveling in the all-too-rare idea that mature people are people too.
The Boynton Beach Club won't make anyone happy to grow old, but it sure works hard at providing the counterintuitive lesson to our youth-nuts culture: It's okay to age. Life doesn't end when your spouse goes ka-flop and your chin goes ker-plop.
The ladies at the center of this enjoyable comedy are vibrant, opinionated, sassy, vulnerable and a lot of fun.
The script is longer on good intentions than on good dialogue.
...the fabulous cast makes sure the good lines have some zing.
An almost oppressively gentle romantic comedy for the Golden Girls set.
Puts the va-va in sixties voom.
...it has a temporal dislocation that diminishes its believability.
Decidedly unadventurous, like a dish prepared for palates that prefer the bland to the spicy--a sort of American Pie reformulated for seniors.
Len Cariou is touching as a widower whose pain has left him in a daze, Joseph Bologna has a great speech about senior bachelorhood, and Dyan Cannon, at 69, is still a flower.
A sincere and honest little dramedy for and about Hollywood's most underserved age group: senior citizens.
Jokes set up humane feelings, the actors (including Brenda Vaccaro and Joseph Bologna) hit their marks gracefully, Seidelman doesn't overload cuteness.
Susan Seidelman's sweet-natured, episodic comedy-drama about life and love in a planned Florida development for 'active seniors' offers fine actors and actresses of a certain age the opportunity to step out of supporting roles and back into the spotlight.
You might be excused for speculating that it is really a high school romantic comedy whose teenage characters are played by their grandparents.
A lively and poignant comedy with lots of laughs and juicy roles for a roster of seasoned performers who should be seen more often.
While Seidelman deserves considerable credit for making the rare romantic comedy about seniors, it's a shame the movie itself is as bland as a low-sodium diet.
It's all harmless enough, predictable but refreshingly free from condescension, and will probably find a long life on cable television.
At the Boynton Beach Club, seniors are just as vulnerable in romance as their younger counterparts, something the film shows without being too corny.
Upbeat and occasionally self-consciously kooky, Boynton Beach Club doesn't exactly plumb the depths of the aging experience, but it has its moments of surprise and offers a look at life past the point where movies are generally interested.
A thoughtful and nicely observed dramedy about a group of AARP-sters grappling with life, loss, love and -- gasp -- sex in a South Florida 'active adult community.'
Plays like a bloated version of an old episode of Love, American Style.
Best seen as a pilot for a Golden Girls spinoff, ready for cancellation in week two.
The problem with the film is that, although it is well performed and competently directed, the blandness of the result renders it easy to watch but hard to be enthusiastic about.
A bittersweet comedy about aging Baby Boomers and their valiant efforts to find love and their share of happiness in an active adult community in Florida.
Enjoyable evidence that life goes on just fine after the death of loved ones.
[D]irector-writer Susan Seidelman (Desperately Seeking Susan) is hoping her target audience will abandon the shuffleboard courts for the multiplex.
Boynton Beach Bereavement Club never aims to be much more than sweet. If only it had hit that mark a little more often.
Briskly paced humor and/or pathos flow organically from situation and characters, with age providing less an occasion for one-liners than a now-or-never excuse to wallow in unfettered personality expression.

@highlight

While the movie has been praised for showcasing a cinematically underused and disrespected age group, it also has the small-screen feel of a silly sitcom.