Although Manderlay is an interesting film, it is not a very important film.
Would like to stay awake, you'll have to choose a strategy. You can concentrate on the film's pretension, anti-American arrogance, incoherence, stilted writing or sheer stupidity.
The second installment in Lars von Trier's trilogy, USA: Land of Opprtunity, is a maor disappointment
A superior entry to "Dogville."
"Manderlay" shows von Trier learning from that film's stylistic mistakes to make an ambitious and thought-provoking allegory about the ways in which "slavery" in America was never truly abolished, but rather converted to a different condition of capitalis
It doesn't offer much insight into America's race issues, which might seem at first to be its target, but it works very well as a metaphor for America's intervention in Iraq.
If this trilogy finishes up strong, this middle portion may come to be seen as the weakest, though it's still forceful and intimate in the von Trier manner.
[It] raises interesting questions about what can happen in a democracy when its people are deeply corrupt. ... But likely to be more disheartened than enlightened.
this Great Dane backs up his satiric bark with a vicious bite.
A slightly more ponderous - if less dramatically satisfying - example of a Von Trier puppet show.
Manderlay is an intellectually invigorating analysis of race, class, power and democracy, all while remaining a thoroughly enjoyable (if harrowing) film.
Relying on a daring script as executed by A-list actors, offers a potentially transformational experience for any inclined to contemplate an introspective, gut-wrenching meditation on the intractability of the legacy of slavery.
Manderlay is shorter but just as dull, pretentious and condescending as Dogville.
Manderlay loses in power what it lacks in novelty, even though it's more relevant than anything the year is likely to bring.
I was intrigued by the intensity and audaciousness of Dogville, but Manderlay feels stagey, earnest, long and pretentious. Its grainy, shaky hand-held camera-work only adds to the monotony.
The audience's familiarity with the stylistic devices of Manderlay should allow the film's more reflective screenplay to shine through.
... an anti-American rant that tediously plays out as a misplaced lecture by the pretentious filmmaker.
Watching this film is an edifying but frustrating experience; dull in parts, amusing and illuminating in others. You'd still struggle to call it entertainment.
Dig that freaky symbolism!
Unstintingly raw and cynical.
Picks at the painful sores of America's racial legacy while withholding the brotherhood-of-man epiphanies that made the Oscar-validated 'Crash' a healing experience for many moviegoers...
If von Trier can't be bothered to get out more, he should at least consider picking up a book or just using some real imagination.
Manderlay is a misfire, but a misfire from von Trier is still more interesting than a blandly successful Hollywood product.
The unusual von Trier film whose formalism is worn lightly, whose performances impress without wearing on the nerves, and whose ethical standpoint is plain for all to observe
Von Trier takes minimalism to its most minimalist extreme. The format was intriguing in its originality in Dogville. I'm already tired of it.
Shows that [von Trier's] ideological bullying has run its course.
Shocking usage of racial epithets and images of 20th-century slavery do their part to mess with your head. Von Trier is an intelligent and capable filmmaker, and he presents some fascinating thoughts and questions in his bitter, accusatory satire. Problem
A film with plenty of interesting things to say but an exhausting way of saying them.
Rude, smarmy and sickly hilarious, Manderlay has a little something to offend everyone... and I wouldn't have it any other way.
Not necessarily as pertinent as it attempts to be.
This already controversial drama is yet another anti-American screed from Danish filmmaker Lars von Trier, who's become more than a little tiresome with all his cinematic bashing of the United States and its political policies.
The [plot] degenerates as quickly as von Trier's crude allegory of U.S. foreign policy ... and the pretentiously vacuous Our Town-like staging.
There are any number of ways to read Manderlay...
Manderlay is both more coherent and more obvious than Dogville, which lacked the clean narrative drive of the new film.
Manderlay comes off as little more than a droning, embittered curiosity.
... an absurdist comedy with a deadpan delivery and run through with the very hypocrisy that von Trier mercilessly ridicules.
Whereas Dogville was a slippery, challenging and ultimately brutal masterpiece, Manderlay is looser, messier, less serious and ultimately far less effective.
[Von Trier] ratchets up the anti-American sentiment significantly here, but it's all hot air with very little substance, even more so than its predecessor.
There's a troubling sense that von Trier is simply going through the motions.
It's a movie with more surprising things to say than most about racism past and present.
The trouble is the angrier it gets, the more infuriatingly banal it becomes.
Von Trier doesn't seem as clear on the message he wants to convey in Manderlay, even though he says it as loud as he can.
Von Trier ... has delivered something so woefully misguided that he's flirting with something a gleeful, provocative filmmaker most fears: irrelevance.
Another spare, tiresome, pretentious yet simple-minded anti-American diatribe from Danish Dogma-tist Lars von Trier...stale, arid polemic.
It lacks the thrillingly nuts, outlandish quality of the original, but is also quite a bit more pointed and focused.
Even the basic look of the film -- it was filmed on a stage with every shot set against a bleak, dark backdrop -- underscores the filmmaker's position as master manipulator, in a laboratory, looking down at his mice running through his maze.
Some will see Manderlay as thought-provoking and representative of the way the rest of the world sees us. If that's the case, then we're really in trouble.
The crucial difference between Manderlay and the almost unbearable Dogville is not that his politics have changed, but that his sense of mercy for the audience has been awakened.
Von Trier may not be completely right, but he certainly isn't all wrong.
This is not Lars von Trier at his best.
It is without exaggeration one of the most blindingly boring films I've seen in years.
strong enough to interest those who appreciated Dogville, but only just...had more inherent drama in the news reports of John Reilly's cast defection in protest to von Trier's mule killing
This is clearly an allegory of the War in Iraq, pining for the days of Saddam, or maybe even Hitler, is what seems to be going on here.
It's a visually arresting and intermittently compelling parable about racism and self-determinism that's ultimately too arch and pedantic for its own good.
Thanks, Lars, for a bad movie we can't just totally dismiss.
Manderlay is pompously didactic from the first of its 133 long minutes -- a harsh and endlessly schematic morality tale in which diatribe is mistaken for story.
It can become tiresome to watch von Trier bash the United States while realizing that he doesn't have a full understanding of what he's attacking.
There's nothing derivative about von Trier's telling, style and ultimate effect.
The movie's considerably enveloping success lies in the disarming fashion in which it mixes stark artificiality and naturalism, as well as, eventually, in its marked lack of a hero or heroine.
It's true, of course, that Trier still hasn't set foot on U.S. soil, but it may be that he sees us, in all our virtue and victimhood, that much more clearly for it.
Von Trier, there's no doubt about it, has become a taxidermist of America's sins, but the way he puts those sins on display only to thumb his nose at them marks him as a new style of prankster-hypocrite.
I am glad that [Von Trier] exists, to decry our sins, but, with another sequel to come (Manderlay is the centerpiece of a trilogy), I am even gladder that he is one of a kind.
Manderlay certainly has its fair share of sanctimony and the familiarity of old school psychological racial conflict but it effectively works on the hungry psyche.
Dubious intentions aside, Manderlay is an engrossing piece of art-house cinema, relying heavily on talent to make its points.
The film's conceits grow thin and von Trier's mocking, hectoring tone tiresome.
Deadly slow and repetitious.
Another ridiculous anti-American screed by the minimalist Danish director Lars von Trier, who has never set foot in this country.
If Dogville offered up a ham-fisted critique of 'America' from a plane-phobic Dane who's never visited the place, Manderlay ups the arrogance ante by bonking us on the head with supposedly searing 'truths' ...
Whether we like it or not, Von Trier's arguments have a universal social insight that would be detrimental to ignore. There's always value in seeing something from another's perspective.
Set in Alabama in 1933, the movie lays out an excoriating examination of the legacy of slavery in the United States.
As clumsy and ham-fisted as the movie's narrative process may be, its conclusion, however mordant or unforgiving, can't quite be shaken off so easily.
Controversy comes as naturally to Danish director Lars von Trier as breathing, and he'll use any means to achieve his goal.
It may be that the director has overreached in Manderlay by trying to deal with racial conflicts in an excessively abstract manner.
One should be happy to learn "Manderlay" is better than "Dogville," if only because it is forty-five minutes shorter.
Von Trier's hand isn't as sure in Manderlay as it was in Dogville. His film exasperates and illuminates in equal measure. But no film addict will want to miss his cinematic brilliance.
Von Trier's obvious bigotry towards the U.S. and the significantly weaker cast makes his revolutionary ideas a harder sell the second time around.
Among the boldest and most original movies in recent release.
I was with him 99%, but the stupid last-minute USA bashing [ticked] me off.
The most self-important, heavy-handed film since...well, since DOGVILLE.
If you liked "Dogville," you won't want to miss this Danish Cake of minimalism.
Um belo filme, sem dúvida alguma, mas que empalidece frente ao seu antecessor ao tentar igualar-se como discurso sociológico.
Manderlay, like its predecessor Dogville, is a very interesting flawed picture, though both films have very different weaknesses and strengths.
Manderlay isn't as powerful or as intense as Dogville, but it is still an intriguing and entertaining film, thanks to Bryce Dallas Howard's performance and John Hurt's hugely enjoyable narration.
A slow-burning, deeply disturbing fable that needs to be seen and discussed
Lesser than Dogville (then again, what isn't?), but still one of the best films of the year.
tastes like cough syrup; we may not like what we see but we really need to see it
[von Trier's] most streamlined and subversive provocation to date... Be wary of any critic who attacks the filmmaker instead of addressing the film itself.
With "Manderlay," Lars von Trier has finally lost me. He has made an avid fan feel tired and abused.
A victim of its own coolly artificial aesthetic.
[Von Trier] has imbued the material with enough dramatic power and relevance that despite its many flaws, it is still essential viewing.
...extraordinarily dull...
It doesn't matter if these ideals are right or wrong; von Trier is a master of challenging an audience... he reminds us how to use that piece of meat found within our skull.
A morally provocative meditation on race in America and the troubles that can come when democracy and freedom are crammed down the throats of others.
Alabama, 1933-during which time Von Trier uses the existence of slavery 70 years after its abolition as a metaphor for America's ongoing treatment of its black underclassman.
Massive walkouts in Toronto. No wonder.
Lars Von Trier's second of three proposed films about America being stupid is much shorter, has a much higher body count, and more sex than the first did.
The filmmaker uses Dogville's formal devices to lesser effect and his boredom is contagious.
Von Trier upends the accepted dialogue on race, pushing past stereotypes and correctness.
American filmmakers, novelists and artists of all stripes have dealt the perplexing issue of race relations for decades, even centuries. Nothing von Trier presents here, whether real or imagined, is fresh or new.
Those eager to lap up what the Dogmatic one has to say will readily do so.




@highlight

Manderlay may work better as a political statement than as a film, making its points at the expense of telling a compelling story.