Certainly Bergman is what he is: the great man, with almost countless films to his credit.
It is existential gruel, ten portions of misery handed down from the master. Compelling and intense, it is also pitiless.
Saraband is a commandingly restrained final composition and -- as the theme of classical musicianship suggests -- very much an affair of close attention to the nuances of performance.
Bergman has a sharp talent for observing human conflicts without claiming to fully understand them.
So many great directors seem to go out with a whimper. Ingmar Bergman has gone out with a bang.
With Saraband, the great writer-director has stepped back into the ring for one last epic wrestle with his demons. There is, as always, no easy outcome. But no one ever fought for higher emotional and spiritual stakes.
We find [Bergman]at 87, sifting through his pictures, wondering at the choices he's made.
A parlour-room theatre of emotional cruelty, with all exits barred by the past.
It goes without saying that Saraband doesn't make for light hearted viewing. But this is a powerful, emotional family drama that can happily rank with some of Bergman's best work.
No one else could have made it, and you should see it.
Insightful as ever but a little dated in the set-up and treatment of the shooting.
Powerful and more than a little depressing, but it's also essential filmmaking for anyone who cares about one of the giants of cinema.
Any Bergman is better than most of the art-house dramas that have been shipped to the States from Europe in recent times.
While bringing an abundance of inspiration to this world, Bergman unapologetically refused to ignore the pain and darkness that infects mankind. There will never be another filmmaker like him.
confessional outbursts are captured in lengthy takes, usually in mercilessly tight close-ups.... It's as if Bergman is taking X-rays of their souls.
Even if it is, as he claims, his last film, Saraband will be a testament to Bergman's skill as a filmmaker, still a creative force to be reckoned with after 60-plus years in the business.
The performances -- welling, unified and multidimensional -- are beyond praise, as are Bergman's visual images.
Like the best of Ingmar Bergman's films, Saraband has a hypnotic quality that draws in audiences who are patient.
A haunting series of heartbreaking duets between people for whom love is distant and death is uncomfortably close.
Most films are so insipid that there's something perversely refreshing about a movie in which a monstrous father compliments his son for his 'healthy dose of hatred...'
Bergman is still at the top of his game, every bit as much in control of his faculties for deciphering human misery.
Rumored to be the Swedish maestro's swansong, this is a major work with all the thematic and formal features, an uncompromisingly harrowing family portrait.
A pure distillation of the great director's ongoing themes of the frailty of the human psyche and mankind's willful inability to accept the inevitable, whatever that may be.
clearly understands how to involve the audience with his somber material
For those inclined to search for psychological twists, the film offers plenty of Freudian situations capable of provoking lengthy discussions. For the film buff, the discussions will turn to a Bergman still at the peak of his craft.
A good note to end on for a filmmaker renowned for his greatness.
A stunning and complex final bow from a stunning and complex artist.
...a chronicle of how bitterness only hardens over time.
The message is the medium.
A fitting coda to a career that forced audiences worldwide to reconsider the capabilities of an entire art form.
Partly an internalized memory play and partly a strident drama in the vein of Strindberg or Ibsen, Ingmar Bergman's latest swan song to cinema bears the mark of a master.
The performances are perfectly distilled, but the traits I dislike in Bergman are all here -- self-pity, brutality, spiritual constipation, and an unwillingness to try to overcome these difficulties.
What remain intact are the filmmaker's unbreakable heart, lyrical soul and sublime art. So why should we say goodbye? Instead: Bravo. Encore.
Saraband, flat and static both visually and thematically, doesn't begin to approximate the austere beauty of the director's art-house classics.
Saraband shows absolutely no sign that Bergman has run out of things to say or ways to say them -- it is as fresh and direct as any he's made.
Worth watching, even if it feels a bit musty and mothballed. Consider Saraband a footnote to Bergman's brilliant career.
Powerfully, painfully honest.
Bergman is an acquired taste. For my money, these folks are too self-involved and needy to sustain my interest.
A poignant, powerful valedictory from one of the true masters of cinema.
Bergman may find little with which to console himself, but he's still able to look at suffering with an intensity that's unlike any other the movies have ever known.
Ullmann and Josephson are old Bergman pros and have evidently learned, over the decades, how to act the roles he assigns them naturally and flawlessly.
Ullmann, in her mid-60s, and Josephson, in his early 80s, still know how to build fascinating characters.
An emotionally searing look at the ways we hurt the ones we love and the ones we have come to hate.
Like the Bach piece that gives it its title, Saraband is a stately, mournful movie.
The compositions are stark, the tone wintry and the conversations bleak. Yet there's a flicker of something affirmative in this darkness.
Performed in a series of devastating duets, it's so mature and authentic that it feels like an alien presence in the current (i.e. shallow) movie landscape.
If Saraband is not one of the best Bergman films, it's a very good one and a valuable statement from a great artist in old age.
A riveting study of age, decline, the self-interest peculiar to humans and grotesque family dysfunctionality and -- let's quickly mention the riveting part again -- we sure wouldn't want to have to see it twice.
Reminds us again that Bergman, in his camera choices and blocking of characters, remains unrivalled in revealing the sea of emotions between two people face-to-face.
The 85-year-old Bergman has proclaimed this his final film and it has the feel of closure. It also feels like the effort of a tired artist reworking the same themes.
Saraband is a great masterpiece, and a true and fitting culmination to a major career.
A natural coda to a lifetime of shockingly clear-eyed bitterness ... Staggering out of the theater, sunlight feels like a novelty.
This is just great filmmaking, great storytelling, and just stays with you for so long afterwards.
It is a luminous, sensuous examination of human relationships.
The sight -- and sound -- of Johan with his head between the speakers listening to the brutal Scherzo from Bruckner's Ninth Symphony tells you all you need to know.
Think of Saraband ... as an after-dinner mint: a film that looks in on the same characters three decades later and finds their rage both cooled and passed down to the next generation.
Bergman perceptively observes the subtleties of family psychology and creates dialogue that reveals complexities of character and relationships with riveting accuracy.
If Saraband should indeed turn out to be [Bergman's] final film, he has concluded his career triumphantly with a work of genius.
A rare, unexpected treat.
Vintage Bergman: an intense psychodrama of anguished revelations and lacerating confrontations that unfolds with a stately rhythm in ten chapters.
Watching old hands Ullmann and Josephson hit every nuance of feeling with consummate grace brings an odd giddiness to an otherwise sad tale.
Like watching four people take turns trying to swim with one of the others clinging to an ankle. It's grim and gripping.
This is as bitter and despairing an exploration of the human spirit as any of [Bergman's] films, and it is just as vibrantly written and directed.
In his final summation of the guilt, alienation and ennui that is the stuff of life, Bergman ends with a glimpse of hope in this, his last film.
Both a valentine to [Liv] Ullmann and a star-making film debut for [Julia] Dufvenius
Like the original, this film was originally produced for television, but the film seems far deeper and more complex than any TV movie.
Bergman has never been an ordinary filmmaker, and what he's given us is no genial last hurrah but rather an intensely dramatic, at times lacerating examination of life's conundrums that is exhilarating in its fearlessness and its command.
Its leisurely, deliberative style is a perfect complement to the emotions it deals with - emotions so penetrating that I warn you at the outset how jarringly intense you may find Bergman's most brilliant drama in decades.
The performances are -- no surprise -- subtly spectacular.
The movie's title -- a lovely word that describes a sexy dance for two -- is either mordantly ironic or another instance of Bergman doffing his cap to the eros that courses through the most baleful of human relations.
Like a wedge of low-grade Stravinsky, revived and performed, the movie could be considered an addendum to a looming and unique catalog, in which no work is insignificant.
As Marianne becomes a bystander to his cruelty, you feel the pull of Bergman's craft, but also the sting of his sourness.
An excoriating and revelatory experience, scrubbing away yet another layer of skin from the image that the director has created for himself.
A wrenching story of family pain.
A small made-for-TV project by some guy named Bergman that could well be one of the best films (perhaps even the best film) released in theatres this year.
The venom remains strong; however, since Bergman has vowed this will be his last film, cineastes probably won't mind the sting.
An extraordinary movie.
Bergman hasn't lost his touch. But he has lost his vigor.
Makes for fascinating viewing, with Bergman regulars Erland Josephson and Liv Ullmann encoring their roles and in top form.
If ultimately the highly talky Saraband comes across as a minor entry in the canon, it nonetheless marks a dignified farewell (and this time it really appears to be one) for one of cinema's greatest directors.
This is 'Scenes from a Marriage' thirty years later.
In Ingmar Bergman's magisterial last film, we watch family members bare their souls and in their faces we see intimations of the grand emotions which animate us all.
Bergman consistently evokes the ghost of history in Saraband.
Ingmar Bergman has said that Saraband, his bleak made-for- television epilogue to Scenes From a Marriage, will be his final statement on film. For the great Swedish writer and director, final turns out to mean unbendingly severe.


@highlight

If Saraband appears to be a minor entry in Ingmar Bergman's filmography, it's still an accomplished piece of work from one of cinema's greatest masters.