Since we are dealing with fresh-faced tweens, we are spared the gender histrionics to be found in the likes of The Crying Game or Boys Don't Cry. Those are indeed bigger films. But sometimes small things can pay off quite nicely.
Tomboy is a lovely reminder that the French have long been famous for a quite different sort of film-about children.
Far from surprising at any point, Tomboy nonetheless holds one's attention though its sheer force of observation.
The director's low-key approach to such a seemingly complex topic really illuminates the subject in both very basic and rather profound ways.
'Tomboy' makes its points about gender identity and confusion without resorting to cheap laughs or overwrought drama.
This exquisite film is as pure as you can get; it's observational, it's minimalist, there's no intrusive music except where it is part of the action.
Sweet and well observed, the film takes us inside a typical family in a typical Paris suburb - and gives us a spin
Sciamma's capturing of children at play is disarmingly accurate, perfectly showing the freewheeling nature of prepubescence in all its glory.
Brisk, precisely observed, and bracingly non-preachy in its examination of a very tricky subject.
Writer and director Celine Sciamma adorns the thorny dilemma with resonant allusions to gender roles...
Modestly conceived and executed.
The film's greatest accomplishment is writer/director Celine Sciamma's stunning ability to draw natural, believable performances from her adolescent cast, who never hit a false note in this moving film.
"Tomboy" is tender and affectionate.
"Tomboy," a brief and sweetly refreshing French film, is the story of a lie.
Sciamma pictures the story in dappled sunlight and wooded fields that, though not far from dull apartment blocks, have an out-of-time seductiveness.
"Tomboy" is so specific and intuitive that I kept thinking, "How do the filmmakers know this stuff?"
Tomboy captures a delicate moment in time before issues of sexuality so much more complicated and calculated.
Open-minded and open-ended, Tomboy is a portrait of pubescence on the brink of chrysalis.
As the sisters come to see that dresses and haircuts and behaviors are a means to create a self, to communicate with others, Tomboy doesn't offer an easy answer; instead, it lets you wonder why gender must be so definitive.
...a well-intentioned yet hopelessly inert piece of work.
There are nevertheless some marvelous moments.
Coming-of-age tale tackles gender confusion with humor and heart.
Tomboy is a charming film about childhood and identity.
Tomboy reveals a side of pre-adolescence rarely (if ever) depicted on the big screen, yet it never feels like a curiosity piece, nor is Laure (Zoé Héran), the titular character, portrayed as an outsider from a troubled home.
Sciamma (Water Lilies) deserves great praise for what she has accomplished with a simple film addressing a complex subject.
"Tomboy'' is as visually beautiful as its 10-year-old heroine is defiantly plain.
Seems like the first episode of a TV mini-series rather than a stand-alone feature film.
Against a backdrop of overly programmed 'issue dramas,' this superb movie is notable for its strong foundation in character and wholesale investment in psychological motivation, rather than salacious plotting.
Tomboy was the deserving Jury winner at the Berlin Film Festival of the Teddy Award for the Best Gay or Lesbian film.
Quiet and naturalistic in the best way, the French film "Tomboy" rolls out a tale of malleable pre-adolescent identity with a marked absence of sensationalism.
a melding of youthful allure, keen dramatic structure and the delicate art of directing the young
Celine Sciamma is a filmmaking force to be reckoned with in the coming years. Her story-writing ability, deft hand at directing and understanding of her young actors makes her someone to watch.
Sciamma has wound back the clock to childhood to show us, with taste and sensitivity, something we have not seen.
The awful inevitability that Laure could be found out at any moment--by her parents, by her friends--renders Tomboy an excruciating viewing experience.
Its young heroine is proud to be herself; there's just not much for her to do beyond that.
There's an absolute naturalism to all the performances here. That's crucial, especially from Heran, who's playing a character who does not yet know herself.
Each day is a suspenseful challenge of how [the kid] keeps up a freeing masquerade; it's striking to see how gender casually figures into the daily life of children at play.
A beautiful, matter-of-fact French drama about a young girl who wants to be a boy - and for one singular summer around her 10th birthday passes as one...
Two feature films into her career, writer-director Céline Sciamma has proven unusually skilled at making short, plot-light movies about budding adolescents discovering themselves.
This charming, delicate and wholly captivating story of a ten-year-old girl who just wants to be one of the boys will get a big boost from positive responses from critics and audiences alike.
Céline Sciamma's film is titled Tomboy, but the gender issues it delves into are more complex than any supposedly unfeminine preferences for sports and pants-wearing and other associations that linger around that antiquated term.
Sciamma draws wonderfully natural performances from her young cast, and doesn't shy away from an uncomfortable or pensive silence.
Tomboy may add little to conversations about gender or sexuality. It has everything to say, however, about that period of childhood when identity is at its most malleable.
The story that emerges is programmatic and largely unsurprising, but these children give it messiness, joy and life.
Tomboy astutely explores the freedom, however brief, of being untethered to the highly rule-bound world of gender codes.
Francophone cinema knows a thing or two about the erotic possibilities of moving.
[VIDEO] Céline Sciamma's sophomore effort is a tour de force chamber piece of childhood cinema that confirms her status as gifted filmmaker with her finger on the pulse of youthful development.
Exquisite. Young lead actress Zoe Heran gives one of several beautifully-nuanced performances in this sensitive, compassionate movie. The best GLBT-themed narrative film of 2011.
The sense of a long, hot, unending summer is well caught, the children are excellent and Zoé Heran is wonderfully natural and touching.
Confirms Sciamma as one of the brightest young voices in contemporary French cinema.
Although only a small film and one that barely runs to feature length, it raises some unique and thought-provoking ideas.
A must-see if you've ever felt ill at ease with expectations tied to your gender, and a beautifully performed and intriguing drama even if you haven't.
There's a real feeling here for the doubts of the young and for the way an initial fib grows and grows.
An interesting miniature.
Zoé Héran, in the lead role, is a marvel, her pact and whole relationship with her younger sister utterly convincing.
A film that will resonate with anyone who can remember awkwardly leaving their childhood behind.
Provocative yet utterly sympathetic, this is an engrossing study of what it's like when you don't quite fit into any of the available gender roles.
Sciamma's careful and detailed portrayal of a confused kid trapped in gender purgatory never lunges for the easy gag at the expense of psychological credibility.
A tender, sensitive French drama rich in hazy atmosphere.
A sensitive study of pre-teen sexuality and confused gender roles, from a director who knows how to draw flawless turns from young 'uns.
Tomboy has a restrained style that results in something very touching and beautiful.
Beautifully directed and superbly written, this is an emotionally engaging coming-of-age drama with a terrific central performance from young Zoé Héran.

@highlight

In tune with the emotion and tribulations of childhood, Tomboy is a charming movie that treats its main subject with warmth and heart.