I found the novel more interesting than the film, which is a torturous, drawn-out affair.
The heralded "violent" scene practically screams "We need domestic distribution!" I don't think anyone in this movie actually likes this movie.
The end result is an overlong adaptation that primarily comes off as a complete and total misfire...
The Film Critic Inside Me ...
Affleck is great here.
An excellent film which takes some big, brave steps in the crime genre...
Jim Thompson's 1952 novel upon which this is based was supposedly unfilmable: perhaps that was the correct assessment.
This adaptation of Thompson's 1952 novel about a cunning, psychotic sheriff's deputy in a small Texas town locates the killer inside him and immerses us in the cold calculation and horrible logic that pull him from one murder to the next.
full review at Movies for the Masses
Casey Affleck delivers a chilling performance as a sociopathic deputy sheriff whose charming veneer shatters as we're introduced to his taste for violence of both the straight-up and sexual kinds.
[Affleck's] commitment to such a vile character, even in spite of Winterbottom's occasionally questionable direction, displays a fearlessness that is rarely seen in cinema today.
The violence is not shown in an ironic fashion. It's put front and center and is visceral in a way nothing else is in the film.
Dark thriller centers on brutal violence against women.
It's a credit to the British director that he's captured so much regional and class detail, but disappointing that his film's conclusions are almost banal, with a contrived finale that ties too many threads together.
It's Winterbottom's first entry into dark noir, and I think a more seasoned hand in the genre would have given Lou's horrible actions their proper moral weight.
Viewers are invited to spend these torpid minutes burrowing into Lou's back story in search of reasons why he is off his rocker. But this is one movie psycho that defies all amateur psychoanalysis.
Winterbottom's film is really rather down beat and hard to take. Perhaps that's only just so. Lou's heart of darkness takes us to a dead end. It's the kind of violent movie where you just want all the bloody mayhem to stop.
It's a violent film about violence, but that makes it truthful.
Sex and violence take centre stage in the enthralling, if a little overcooked crime thriller, The Killer Inside Me.
This is compelling and challenging cinema, punctuated with genuinely shocking moments, by a director and a cast of actors who are right at the top of their game.
Probably the best adaptation of Thompson to date (with The Grifters a very close second), but his work's yet to get the movie it really deserves.
An engrossing, chilling portrait of a psychopath unraveling.
The Killer Inside Me ultimately registers as a startling curio that you may gasp at now but forget later.
One dry patch of desert
A lethal brew of misogynistic, sadistic horrors, Michael Winterbottom's carefully crafted psychological noir thriller, as told from the point of view of a killer, is disturbing in the extreme
Sometimes works, sometimes scores a near-hit and sometimes doesn't work at all, but is invariably fascinating throughout.
A vast miscalculation.
One of the most repellent and reprehensible movies in recent memory.
It's too well made to dismiss outright for its twisted cruelty. Maybe that's a compliment, maybe not.
uneven, but fascinatingly nasty adaptation of Thompson's 1952 novel
It's a fine idea to turn Affleck's squawky self-assurance into a lens on sociopathy, but Winterbottom and co-writer John Curran seem neither to examine nor to indulge, and the result feels strangely inconsequential.
Like much of Winterbottom's genre-hopping, this venture into dusty western noir fits him surprisingly well the first time he slips it on; though it could still do with a few alterations.
If in the end it doesn't fully capture the malignant brilliance of its source...there's enough Thompson in it to make that sick puppy Lou Ford a guy worth spending a couple of hours with.
What a crock.
It's still near impossible to capture Jim Thompson's Godlessness on film
Feminists, look away now.
Winterbottom frequently cuts away to period rockabilly and country jukebox tunes, as if he were shying away from Thompson's nastiness. And maybe he should.
If you dig the mushy, muffled sound of a man's fist slamming into a woman's mottled face while her jawbone quietly shatters, this is the movie for you.
Little, however, can save The Killer Inside Me from its worst impulses, its reveling in brute violence that makes it hard to watch and nearly impossible to admire, even though it's carefully crafted.
As for the misogynist brutality, it is indeed depraved, made more so by the fact that its female victims are depicted as loving their abuse right up until it turns murderous.
The director only submits up a faintly bewildering man with little expression, in a film barely motivated beyond its pulp trappings.
Casey Affleck is suprisingly good as Ford.
This is a work of stylish, existentialist brutality, filled with beautiful women and damaged men.
Boasting a shockingly nasty turn by baby-faced, baby-voiced Casey Affleck in the title role, the film is one of Winterbottom's best (only "Tristram Shandy" and "24 Hour Party People" are as fine), although moviegoers should beware: the film features two h
The question of Winterbottom's intent here isn't easily answered, but the power of his abuse scenes is undeniable.
It's an intriguing more-than-meets-the-eye experiment in point of view.
Director Michael Winterbottom... projects such profound disinterest in the material that even the most appalling moments come across through a thick layer of gauze and insipidness.
To his credit, Affleck avoids making Lou suggest a reboot of Robert. He's pushy and cowardly, but in a more calculating way, and he's sadistically sexual in a way that Robert never was.
It's a psychologically haunting portrait of an extreme personality, an amoral, violent, lonely man.
The film, sunbaked noir delivered with disturbing savagery and finesse, does its source material full justice.
A film noir so steeped in ugliness it's difficult to enjoy on any level.
Jim Thompson might be the darkest of noir writers, but Michael Winterbottom's version of Thompson's 1952 novel reduces its mirthful nihilism to lurid unpleasantness.
Full of nice little touches, but somehow misses the mark when it comes to the big picture.
If you're a noir fan interested in seeing a unique modern take on the timeless genre, don't miss this challenging but often fascinating drama.
It comes across like a remake of Russ Meyer's immortal "Supervixens" made by people who have inexplicably chosen to play it both straight and at the wrong speed.
Winterbottom has crafted a handsome film about the ugliness of the worst of human nature and, in the process, given us a fascinating dissection of genre mechanics.
A classic crime novel is given an adaptation that pulls no punches
Winterbottom was right to keep the light and compositions flat and bright and eerily sunny, no matter what sort of evilness Lou perpetrates. But the story should grow progressively more reckless-seeming and feverish; instead, it is methodical to a fault.
Little more than torture porn tricked out in art-house finery.
A disappointment, even if you're intrigued by the phrase 'Rough sex with Jessica Alba.'
There is a point beyond which Lou's implacability brings diminishing returns. While I admire Affleck's performance, I believe Winterbottom and his writer, John Curran, may have miscalculated.
" A surprisingly patient, observational portrait of insanity."
Affleck's Lou Ford is a fascinating character, and it's interesting to watch his mental and emotional journey.
Winterbottom is in Mike Figgis mode, offering grossly violent filmnoir clichés, made of punching-bag-face make-up, gratuitous sex and Dark Knight nihilism...
It's one thing on the page, where you're almost as horrified by the idea of some person actually writing this as you are by what you're reading. But on the screen, actually watching it happen, it begins to fall apart.
It's a character study of a sociopath, and works as such...as narrative or titillation, a lot less so.
John Curran's script can be faulted for leaning too heavily on the childhood roots of Lou's psychosis, but the movie does Thompson proud. It's a scorcher.
The Killer Inside Me is hard to watch -- occasionally impossible to watch -- but it never looks away from the hard, isolate, stoic killer at its dark heart, and it makes sure we can't either.
You may feel a twinge of sympathy for this monster, a strange and vivid character who deserves all the torments of hell, and also a better movie.
There's no resonance, only impact.
Raspy-voiced Affleck turns in an amazingly controlled performance as a natural-born killer, with strong backup from the supporting cast.
Affleck is playing someone split down the middle, but we're stuck seeing only one side of him.
In this terrific, magnetic performance, Affleck is a bit charismatic, somewhat awkward, and utterly despicable, all at the same time
Thompson's novel is elegant in its bluntness and cruelty, as efficient as a closed fist -- you can turn away from it, but you can't escape it. But there's no subtle way to put this: Winterbottom's version goes too far.
..a handsomely mounted production with a flippant rockabilly soundtrack and hollow emotional core. Incendiary as it tries to be, "The Killer Inside Me" left me pretty cold.
captures Thompson's pulp brutality and delivers it without any varnish of fantasy or cinematic trickery
Winterbottom captures the atmosphere of a dusty community where everyone knows everybody's history, and where money and power can only sway public opinion to a point.
No movie for old men, or any other demographic for that matter.
Winterbottom is better envisioning Killer Inside Me than he is executing it, surrendering a magnificently photographed picture of hot noir blood, but spoiling the tone by remaining so aloof and ineffective.
An adequate if unexceptional film noir throwback becomes something altogether less tolerable in its brutal depictions of ... violence against women.
The Killer Inside Me may be the darkest film noir ever made.
While the individual moments of brutality are powerful, the pacing of the film as a whole tends to lag. The suspense should be suffocating.
None of this makes sense; no character motivation is ever analyzed; and by the time the end credits roll, everyone in the film is dead already. The film is seriously lacking in a sense of redemption, and I couldn't find a moral purpose with a spyglass.
Winterbottom's inability to bring off this lurid stew of sex and violence is one problem; his (mis)direction of Affleck is another.
Skillful but aloof, unable to truly burrow into and reflect its protagonist's psychosexual madness.
The poster is stronger than any image in the movie.
Winterbottom delves into Coen Brothers territory and delivers one of his best-looking movies as well as one that's far more cinematic than what we've normally seen from him.
As much The Kisser Inside Me as anything else, the film endlessly alternates between redneck raw sex involving well, bible belts as erotic female necktie foreplay, and elaborate slaughter. And a torture porn carnage inflicted on oddly forgiving females.
Style (and the uber-creepy performance by Casey Affleck) inject the film with an energy and tension that almost compensate for its flaws.
Gripping and disturbing new screen adaptation of the Texas-set Jim Thompson crime novel.
The result isn't drama so much as a waking nightmare of play-acting and predestined doom.
Casey Affleck's high, raspy voice almost sinks this violent film.
Even though the one sustained sequence of violence has already caused controversy, possibly more than it deserves, this Killer is stylish and convincing.
Winterbottom has said that movie violence shouldn't be pretty. And, clearly, he's got a point. It's a pity then, given the director's bravado, that his film's flaws are basic.
This is not a film that lets you off the hook or allows you to avert your eyes. Commendable in its own way but not something I would rush to recommend.
Winterbottom's harsh, naturalistic approach pretty much kills any dramatic momentum or tension by exposing the mechanics of Thompson's pulpy plotting for what it is and failing to compensate with any real psychological insights.
The Killer Inside Me undoubtedly touches upon compelling subjects, but having done so, doesn't appear to know quite what to do next.
It didn't always work for me,but this is one of Winterbottom's most ambitious films, and it's good to see that he's continuing to stretch himself.
Stylish, sweatily seductive and boasts career-best performances from the leads. It's just let down by a plot that runs out of steam 40 minutes before the end.
A baffling film. Not just the narrative, but the motives behind making it.
This is, for long stretches, a listless, meandering film that's not helped by Affleck's deliberately introverted, almost opaque performance.
If the climax undermines the sociological purpose of the journey into the dark side of the loon, you'll never forget Lou Ford's personal descent into hell.
Crucially, the film fails to coherently convey the fact that Lou is an unreliable narrator and that what he tells us might not be true, something that would help explain the characterisation of the women and distance the film from his view of them.
Here is a film whose subject is violence's human and inhuman toll -- and violence's sickly ubiquity even in places and times that seem to promise freedom from it.
The violence isn't the problem. It's the rest of the film that's not quite right.
British director Michael Winterbottom adapts the classic pulp fiction of American novelist Jim Thompson here, but something gets lost in translation.
Winterbottom keeps Thompson's bleakness intact, leaving us little to engage with. But the film has an earth beauty and is a haunting look at the dark side of being human.
Thompson fans should rejoice at seeing a film that truly captures the dark heart of this great novelist's work.
Taking a cold, cruel plunge into its sociopath's world, Winterbottom's latest genre swerve is an accomplished neo-noir.
Beautifully shot, superbly written and genuinely chilling, this is a gripping noir thriller with a terrific central performance from Casey Affleck.
This again-atypical film from Winterbottom is a much more sober affair than its early, controversial press might suggest.
As darkly disturbing as Jim Thompson's novel, this is a genuinely upsetting film that might also be Winterbottom's best. Not for everyone, but near-faultless all the same.
Ultimately, the images stay with you for all the wrong reasons.
Uncompromising and wickedly entertaining ... Casey Affleck leads a rich ensemble cast.
Here is a movie that is destined to become a cult film in spite of its glaring flaws.
David Lynch might have made something subversive out of these off-putting elements. Winterbottom has no idea what to do.
A bit too silly for its own good ... Yet even if this is my least favorite Winterbottom since 9 Songs, I'd be lying if I said I don't appreciate the effort.
A virtual love letter to the best of "pulp fiction" storytelling and, as such, the film is most assuredly for grown-ups only.
Represents a rare misfire for the director.
Just a couple of unappetizing scenes in an otherwise painfully dull picture with no grasp on the tightening noose against Tom nor the development of the portrait of a seriously disturbed serial killer.
This Killer lacks punch, dynamism and genuinely seedy atmosphere.
Many with loathe it, but hopefully, just as many will love it.
Good-looking but not very effective.
Audiences up to their ears in serial killers may enter this film, thinking they already know them all. Winterbottom will prove them wrong.



@highlight

The Killer Inside Me is stylish and beautifully shot, but Michael Winterbottom's distance from his characters robs this often brutally violent film of crucial emotional context.