Jolie appears to have spent more time picking out lingerie and arranging it in silk and satin than writing the script or even trying to get her husband to act
It's touching, but it doesn't save the result from becoming anembarrassment.
It's clear that [Director] Jolie-Pitt is going to take her time to develop the plot. Also, that the story itself is small. [Full review in Spanish]
Cutting, provocative, introspective and wickedly astute, the elegant art-house melodrama juxtaposes beauty with the ugliness of the institution [of marriage].
From the moment our gilded couple hove into view in one of the most beautiful cars ever made -- a convertible Citroën DS -- I have to say I rather warmed to it, despite its obvious lack of commerciality.
The result is an uneven film that tests viewers' patience as holes in the narrative are filled with unhappy stares and beauty shots of the Maltese coastline...
So it's a misfire, but one that springs from a deeply felt place.
The message reached by the end of the film is worth the wait, as long as you're willing to ponder the meaning after the final scene.
This movie would have been a lot better if it weren't so concerned with being beautiful or important.
Thankfully, Jolie Pitt the director is in much better form; and as ponderous, maybe even pretentious, as some of this might be, there was never a moment where I wanted to look away from the screen.
There is no doubt that this drama is a half-hour too long and slow-moving, but Jolie and Pitt do some of their best work in scenes here -- and they don't hold back.
For those of you who complain about the multiplex offering nothing of substance for adult audiences, this is a grand opportunity for you to put your money where your mouth is.
Might truly be the most narcissistic vanity project of all time.
Jolie-Pitt, as director, is wading into the territory of Antonioni's bourgeois disaffection... But it takes much more than this to make art out of inertia.
There's something unshakable about it, and something remarkable about the fact that it exists at all.
By The Sea is not exempt of merit, but it's accosted by that commonly made critique that is never quite as clear as it is here: It's preoccupied with style over substance. [Full Review in Spanish]
A weird, austere, picturesque, wannabe art film that ticks most of the boxes it's trying to tick and manages not to bore for most of its running time.
An emphasis on superficial gloss and prettiness suggest that this is a vanity project driven by Jolie the actress, rather than a serious attempt by Jolie the director.
The film establishes a game of desire and envy that's transmitted to perfection with the somber, almost gloomy atmosphere of its images. Definitely a movie that's really ambitious, in both a good and bad sense. [Full Review in Spanish]
Beneath its glossy exterior, there's a surprisingly poignant and an alluring drama behind Angelina Jolie's By the Sea; one that discusses the subjects of love, marriage and loss in the most unconventional of ways.
Despite Angelina Jolie challenging herself as a director, she still lacks experience when it comes to develop ideas and imprinting them perfectly into an apparently soulless script. [Full Review in Spanish]
The conclusions Jolie reaches are admirable, though her roadmap is sometimes muddled.
A mature, self-assured look at a marriage. Jolie-Pitt's skill at directing continues and BY THE SEA should not be dismissed as a "favor" movie.
This is one of those films where not much happens at a very slow pace. There is some nice scenery in the film. It looks like a good vacation spot. The film? Not much to it.
A simple romantic drama that looses strenght as it advances. [Full review in Spanish]
Irrelevant and a failed attempt to imitate several forms of classical art cinema. [Full review in Spanish]
I couldn't warm to it, yet there's some admiration for Jolie Pitt, obstinately attempting an intimate art movie in the jaws of commercial Hollywood.
The third film by Angelina Jolie-Pitt shows us her vulnerable side as a filmmaker, but it's really not something that creates an impact on you. [Full review in Spanish]
It's a fascinating experiment, and proof that Jolie truly has directorial chops and an extraordinary eye for imagery.
A voyeur's delight featuring Jolie and Pitt cast against type as pervy Peeping Toms ogling another couple.
Jolie is aiming for an intimate Cassavetes-style exploration of emotion. Sometimes she gets there.
It left me puzzled at what does all this artifice mean.
For their first on-screen partnership since Mr & Mrs Smith a decade ago, Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie team up for this period drama about a strained marriage, written and directed by Mrs Jolie Pitt herself.
This is like an old-fashioned piece of erotica, Jolie Pitt bravely appearing pretty extensively nude, or a sex comedy, except there are no jokes.
When an actor starts using the words passion and project in the same sentence, you know it's time to run for the hills.
They may be two of the biggest and sexiest stars on the planet but no one wants to watch their romantic travails, not least if we are being asked to take it all seriously.
There's a hint of the psychopathy of The Comfort of Strangers or Blue Velvet as these dead souls play Peeping Tom with the living embodiments of their past, but Jolie Pitt is clearly aiming more for the spirit of Bergman, Buñuel or Antonioni.
Beneath the elegant angst Jolie Pitt appears to be playing a teasingly revelatory game with her own celebrity persona and the public's voracious gaze.
As a director, writer and performer, Angelina Jolie-Pitt has finally come into her own.
Aside from being a feast for the eyes, By The Sea offers little else.
Is By the Sea a bad film? Sometimes. But it has a wayward, abrasive emotional honesty that is ample compensation, and I'll take that over the more accomplished yet strenuously bland Pitt or Jolie vehicles I've seen in the past.
By the Sea, Angelina Jolie Pitt's latest feature as director, is a strangely torpid and paradoxical affair.
It is beautifully staged - the movie is actually filmed in Malta - and well acted with Pitt and Jolie wordlessly conveying a mutual attraction fatally compromised by a grim turn of events that are only darkly hinted at.
It looks the part and then some, yet lacks narrative vigour, intellectual weight, or any clear sense of what it wants to be or say.
A Sheltering Sky-lite romantic travelogue that, despite its two leads, lacks any real spark.
If only By the Sea were hilariously bad, I could recommend it for star power alone. But this is a film stuck in the doldrums.
Many predicted this would be The Pitts. The interesting thing? It's not. Or not quite.
Angelina and Brad do have that longed-for commodity: chemistry, though it bubbles away to nothing at the end.
Jolie and her collaborators have engaged so passionately with an important corner of cinema history that it feels churlish to complain too vociferously.
This slyly witty, epically stylised movie is a study of misery: gorgeous, sun-dazzled misery.
...in every scrap of butchered French, every egotistical glance in the mirror and every bit of bubble bath titillation, there's a fleeting shadow of satire - a raised middle finger silently screaming 'f--k you all!'
Such a disappointingly self-indulgent, vapid vanity project it almost feels like a parody.
Angelina's biggest fans will surely enjoy it anyway, especially as she's very strong at times and, it must be said, several key dramatic highlights take place while she's in the bath.
By the Sea, though beautiful to look at, proves in the end to be an inert experience, with the promise of a cutting dissection of marriage largely unfulfilled.
Not much happens but the cinematographer Christian Berger gives the emptiness a monumentality that demands the big screen, with the postcard vistas, glamorous costumes and retro props compensating for the lack of drama.
To dismiss this ambitious film as a vanity project is to miss its courage and its wisdom.
Do not be misled into thinking that there will be intrigue or mystery. It's not that kind of movie.
... features some powerful character-driven moments within the framework of a thin story that's languid and tedious.
[The] direction is so leaden and the pace so slow the film largely unwinds as dramatically inert and uninteresting...one wonders how much better this film would have been had somebody had the nerve to tell [Angelina Jolie Pitt] to lose 20 minutes.
By the Sea is a fascinating mess.
'Never assume anything about anyone' has been my mantra for many years so it is no surprise when characters in a film demonstrate the veracity of that sentiment
Poetic, intimate and beautiful, there's a European sensibility about Angelina Jolie's film about grief and loss. Of course there's an undeniable voyeuristic element.
What led one of the most successful actors in Hollywood to craft this deeply odd vanity project? And conscript her equally in-demand hubby for a work so inert and uncomfortable?
By the Sea, the third directorial effort by Angelina Jolie, feels like nothing more than a self-indulgent vanity project.
The actors aren't unhinged enough for the scathing conceit, and the script is more of a mechanism than a revelation.
Squandering its dramatic potential on clumsy dialogue and empty visuals, By the Sea is too languid and meandering to register as anything much deeper than an extended perfume commercial.
It's a movie where every pause is long and every line of dialogue is supposed to carry great meaning, but ultimately sounds weighed down by excess pretension.
Failed effort though it may be, I liked watching this film. The thing is easy on the eyes, for starters, but I also admire the go-for-it level of foolish ambition here. Say what you will about Angelina Jolie, but she's not playing it safe.
I can't completely hate on this movie in spite of the fact it bored me to the point of near unconsciousness because there is something to be said for seeing a singular artistic vision come to fruition on the screen.
The point to all this seems to be life is cruel and people are jerks, but sometimes very good-looking jerks. Deep.
I spent the hours ... counting the times Jolie's dialogue seemed to arrive in the form of a capsule review. "Am I really this dull?" "Dear Lord, that was painful."
Self-indulgence from a Hollywood power couple can make pretty much anything they want. You should see pretty much anything else.
Tepid and pretentious, it sinks in slow-paced self-indulgence....
What are the artistic purposes for this tedious collection of frowning, drinking, bickering, peeping and smoking scenes? "By the Sea" is long on perverse images but short on ideas.
Pitt invests the vague, cranky relationship with his usual intelligence and restraint, but the movie is destined to rank with such celebrity-couple fiascos as Gigli (2003) and Shanghai Surprise (1986).
A pretentious but vapid tale of marital distress that comes off as a pure vanity effort modeled, absurdly enough, on Antonioni's famous films of nihilistic alienation.
This movie won't be for everyone; you'll need to dive back into European arthouse cinema from the Sixties to find anything quite like it.
It's tempting, of course, to speculate about how much of the Pitts' marriage is poured into that of the fictional couple. But if this was a French or Italian film starring a pair of unknown faces, I would still have been pulled in.
It's very, very slow, with probably only 20 minutes in a two-plus-hour movie in which something could be said to be happening.
It's like a fashion magazine put out a video to help you sleep.
Celebrity spouses Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie Pitt play a married couple trying to repair their broken relationship during a stay in a French seaside village in this arty but dramatically inert film.
So boring it defies description. By the Sea is not only a dog; it's a dog that's got fleas.
It's a deeply felt personal statement that ends up with very little to say.
When it isn't permissive with performances and indulgent with its run time, the picture has a few insightful ideas to share about loss and marital strife, but it takes considerable work to find such wisdom.
This excruciating 70s-set melodrama about an estranged couple trying to escape to a hotel in the south of France has zero sizzle.
As lovely as a still-life. And about as lively as one.
Wasted Talent - Wasted Time
Jolie-Pitt's screenplay leaves much to be desired as its characters languish under the coastal sun. Its dialog is stilted, which doesn't help its watery concept to keep the biggest piece of information hidden from its audience in plain sight.
Those screams you hear are thousands of Us Weekly readers trying to process an Antonioni homage.
The intent to show something meaningful, something personal in "By the Sea" is lost in the slow, morose drag of it all.
Few revelations could live up to such buildup, and this one doesn't.
Jolie might have a good film in her yet, should she be able to relinquish the unnecessary yearning to be taken seriously that's weighed everything she's made so far down.
"By The Sea", by Jolie Pitt's own admission, is not a film for the masses. But any opportunity to watch Angelina and Brad in a film together is a plus for me.
With its deliberate pace and a running time of two hours, moviegoers have a right to expect more of a payoff, and when it does come, it's neither surprising nor satisfying.
For me the film's deeper intent is illustrating the ebb and flow of marriage and the need to not just accept that reality, but to embrace it.
Likely to be dismissed by many, it's a charming film that feels like a love letter to an earlier time while also toying with our contemporary proclivities. Easily Jolie's finest work to date.
The Pitts, it must be said, suffer gorgeously. But Jolie-Pitt's attempt to emulate European art cinema is a slow, sodden, stupefyingly dull take on a 1970s marriage gone bad.
Angelina Jolie Pitt does something remarkable with the third feature film she's directed... She turns a really bad, unintentional parody of a 1960s European art film into something intriguing, an act of both physical and emotional personal revelation.
Interesting but flawed film about marriage is very mature.
An intriguing and picturesque evocation of the Euro art films of the 1960s and '70s about a married couple wrestling with their demons.
Such a borderline unendurable exercise in vapid self-indulgence that it almost feels like an exceptionally straight-faced parody of empty-headed star vehicles.
By the Sea [is] a strange, dream-like undertaking and ravishing to look at. What it all means is tougher to work out.
Until more A-listers start directing psychodramas featuring ample French dialogue, By the Sea is a welcome, if half-successful, tide change.
[A] curious movie that can't decide if it wants to be enigmatic or forthright.
A divertingly gorgeous mediocrity.
Watching By the Sea is like being trapped in Vanessa's beautiful, depressingly empty room. The quick glimpses of something more exciting only make it that much worse.
There's little real drama here. Just one shot after another of Jolie lying on a chaise longue, stretching out a pale leg, elegantly arching one foot and thinking hard about the emptiness of existence.
What the Pitts failed to realize during production, is that there is more to those beloved European art-house films than pretty scenery and stylish wardrobes.
Roland and Vanessa's distress, vapid and insufficiently motivated to start with, is further imperiled by the director's heavy-handed screenwriting.
As much as we admire Jolie Pitt's ambition and fortitude in getting an offbeat, grown-up and character-centric movie off the ground, her screenplay and gifts aren't up to the task.
This might not be many people's idea of a good time. It might not be anybody's.
A knowing or at least a ticklishly amusing demonstration of celebrity and its relay of gazes from one of the most looked-at women in the world. Take, watch, she seems to say, this is my body.
As a writer, Jolie Pitt is better at ideas than dialogue, much of which is leaden here. But the characters' behaviors feel true ...
By the Sea is a movie full of self-pity and self-loathing, and asks those watching it to care for characters which the movie itself doesn't care for, or care to explore, in the slightest.
"By the Sea" may simply exist as a movie for Angelina Jolie and Brad Pitt to watch. It's two hours of vacation, voyeurism, and celebrity marriage therapy, and you and I aren't actually invited.
What is wrong with these dreary people?
If only a central device of the film weren't so problematic or its conclusion so overwrought, "By the Sea" might have been one of the great films about marriage.
By the Sea is awfully pretty and mostly dreadful.
A beautiful if painfully serious novelty.
By the Sea is little more than a passing notion, a suggestion of a film that ought to have been a lot better than it was.
The scenario is too pretty for pathos to sink in.
There is just so much lived-in luxury and poorly borrowed Euro art-film grandeur and repressed nothing that you half expect some French narrator to intone "Dépression. By Clinique."
While I didn't love everything about "By The Sea," there is much to like if you're in the right mood.
A meandering sexual drama set in the '70s, it's ambitious, though it at times crosses that fatal line that stretches between art, truth, beauty and, sadly, indulgence.
Jolie Pitt, directing herself for the first time, is as brave as ever, even when making a movie filled with opaque, Euro-style artiness.
"By the Sea" is dazzlingly gorgeous, as are its stars. But peeling back layer upon layer of exquisite ennui reveals nothing but emptiness, sprinkled with stilted sentiments.
"By the Sea" has its moments. Moments of beauty, and moments of what feels like genuine introspection. Moments of stupid, innocent charm. Moments of love, and moments of perfume commercial. Quite a number of those, actually.
Once we know what the couple's big mystery is, "By the Sea" doesn't make sense and begins to seem the one thing it hasn't all along - silly.
While lack of communication is a real issue faced in many long-term relationships (although Jolie insists the movie isn't based on her own marriage), it doesn't make for compelling filmmaking.
Maybe it's a meta commentary meant to show that a voyeuristic peek into this marriage isn't as interesting as it may seem, and people should leave them alone.
A marital drama filled with long, immaculately shot pauses and often tin-eared dialogue, it's perplexing and wildly imperfect. But there's something here that's quite powerful if you get on its wavelength.
"Jesus," Jolie groans, "have I become that dull?" Yes, in fact, and with her name all over the credits, there's no one else to blame.
What explains this self-indulgent, meaningless, crashing bore of a movie?
Misery doesn't just love good-looking company; it needs an emotional center and a satisfying narrative arc, too.
The characters are not only unlikable, passive-aggressive jerks, they are boring and predictable to boot. Add to that stunningly stupid dialogue, and you're in for a shallow dive indeed.
The problem is not that By The Sea is a vanity project, it's that By The Sea drags, feels inconsequential, and fails to make use of strong leading performances and a passionate core.
As beautiful as it is boring, Angelina Jolie Pitt has successfully created a movie that she might want to watch... but no one else.
Angelina Jolie is determined to film herself looking as glamorous and bored as possible. If there's a narrative treasure in her drama, it's buried deep in the Maltese sand.
Too languid and artfully accessorized to work as intended.
If it stumbles when it seeks our sympathy, it thrives when it's exploiting our fascination with the surface of things, and all that's unknowable underneath.
Underneath the stilted dialogue and the sometimes dodgy, sometimes close-enough attempts at capturing ennui (or, as they say, Antoniennui) is an overly serious film worth taking seriously.
An inert vanity project.
Jolie Pitt's insistence on creating a piece that reflects the harsh inner state of a person struggling to understand herself as a wife and as a woman in the world is commendable, and demonstrates her growth as a filmmaker.
By the Sea's uncompromising nature is its most admirable asset. It's a vanity project that's difficult to love, but alluring to unpack.
In its own way, it is as loving an homage as something like House of the Devil, Super 8, or Hobo With A Shotgun in terms of painstakingly crafting a seemingly original film that mostly lives to remind audiences of a different movie from long ago.
"By The Sea" incorporates a measured, insular tone to examine the quiet disintegration of a long-term married couple, but Jolie Pitt can't wring deeper insights or greater drama from the material.
An unabashed vanity project that struggles to turn its own beautiful inertia into a virtue.
This languid piece of would-be art cinema will prove once again that even the biggest names in the world won't draw an audience to something that, in and of itself, has no reason for being.
Any time you get to see a filmmaker's soul on display, if that doesn't intrigue you enough for two hours, you're missing out.
Plays like an unconscious parody of Last Year at Marienbad, L'avventura and any number of other 1960s European dramas about beautiful people having existential crises on yachts and in villas.

@highlight

By the Sea may intrigue celebrity voyeurs or fans of a certain type of arthouse cinema, but for most viewers, its beauty won't be enough to offset its narrative inertia.