While some of the kills seem more over the top, it's clear that most of the cast is there simply to become victims, and there's plenty of fake blood and gobby bits to go around.
More of the same, which means you probably already know if you like it. (I mostly did.)
Once you get past its relentless gore, Hatchet II just isn't a very good movie, and Green's struggles to get it released are far more interesting than the movie itself.
Unnecessary back story, toilet humor, and overlong gags involving gore, yes, this is a sequel to "Hatchet" alright!
Not even a gnarly beheading can rescue this chop job
Certainly gory and goofy at times, but nearly as amusing as the first, riddled with unlikable characters, lazy dialogue and a dull middle act.
It goes for the jocular jugular, and if you want to see the human body mutilated in clever and amusing ways than this is the film for you.
[A] spurious waste of time... empty and meaningless, even grading on the amateurish-low-budget-horror curve...
Mosquitoes bite. Gators tear. But only Victor Crowley strangles a man with his own intestines until his head explodes.
This is basically an excuse to watch skulls crushed like melons, guts ripped from body cavities and torsos halved. And such things go on with relentless and disgusting regularity.
Swift and amusingly brainless, Hatchet II more than delivers on splatter expectations.
Say a prayer that there's no Hatchet III in the future.
Suffers from lamentable acting, murky cinematography and, for the most part, lamely unfunny dialogue.
"Hatchet II" falls prey to a problem that typically plagues sequels: it's not just more of the same; it's WAY more of the same.
Doesn't match the pure, unadulterated charm of its precursor, but gets the job done by devising some of the more inventive deaths in horror history. Danielle Harris slam-dunks an emotionally demanding role.
The most shocking thing about the sequel is that it's a dramatic improvement.
"Hatchet II" doesn't have a lick of wit.
The movie is never as cheeky or as fun as Green thinks it is, but he tries with all his might.
Hatchet II is distinguished both by a funky, frisky sense of humor, and gore of great quality and quantity.
Maybe [Adam] Green intended to parody how low-rent and awful slasher sequels usually are. If so, the joke's on his audience.
More funhouse than grindhouse, this unrated horror-comedy has its D-grade charms thanks to its killer cast.
The sort of movie a fanboy might cook up in his garage on equipment borrowed from the local high school...it's not bad enough to be good--just bad enough to be really lousy.
Rob Zombie could sue Green for filching his lightning filters.
When it comes to homages to the golden age of American slashers, Hatchet II is twice the hatchet job of the original.
There are many good movies opening this weekend. Hatchet II is not one of them. Tickets are not cheap and time is fleeting. Why would you choose this one?
The movie is just inept and dull and stupid -- crap being passed off as a guilty, bloody pleasure.
We don't care about any of the characters. They're just video game obstacles to be dispatched as graphically as possible.
A lousy horror-comedy, straining hard to carry a tone of jovial brutality, with Green hoping to build himself up as a horror icon, using jagged fragments of formula that have become disturbingly commonplace in the DTV era.
It's a functional sequel, but with all that spirited slicing and dicing, the director could have at least broken a sweat.
By the time Crowley begins literally ripping Marybeth's posse apart, one is too numbed-out to cheer the gruesome ingenuity of the old-school special effects. Die, Victor, die. Please.
a movie that operates with a certain, charming simplicity, but doesn't dig up much else of interest than gore delivered by the gallon.
Writer-director Adam Green offers another super-sized dose of bone-shattering, blood-splattering mayhem.
Where the original Hatchet was way ahead of the retrospective curve... now even Reagan-era slashers have been done to death, making Hatchet II seem as tired and shopworn as any of the endless Friday the 13th sequels that it pastiches.


@highlight

Funnier and more gleefully gory than most slasher sequels, Hatchet II aims for so-bad-it's-good territory, but can't quite hack it.