There isn't anything unexpected here; it's the usual clichés: women are nasty cows who blithely undercut each other for jobs, and men are largely irrelevant to the process. . .
We continue to reflect on the movie's lessons long after the laughs have diminished because they are sound, relevant and conveyed by the talents of actors who offer legitimate stakes in the material.
If Hathaway's Andy drives the pedestrian narrative -- idealistic girl learns the value of staying true to herself and her "real" friends; snore -- then Streep is the movie's soul.
Nimbly assembled and tartly performed
An ironic measure of the film's research into the fashion-mag scene is the fact that there's almost no journalism in it.
Just another formula mediocre dramedy...
There are some must-have luxuries here, first of which is Meryl Streep's fascinating performance as the fearsome Miranda Priestly.
An agreeably shallow comedy.
The Devil Wears Prada isn't a brilliant film, but it certainly is an entertaining one.
An ideal movie for DVD: you can pick and choose moments and lines to revisit while ignoring, or trying to ignore, the thematic compromises, hectoring impulses, and structural handicaps that start to engulf the film.
Streep is a far better reason to see The Devil Wears Prada than the movie itself.
It's to the film's credit that I still found it an enjoyable satire, as glossy and superficial as the industry it purports to skewer.
The story itself falls too frequently into the standard cliches of the awkward-girl-turns-into-a-swan-thanks-to-an-unexpected-fairy-godmother formula.
Funciona por el talento de sus actrices, por lo inteligente de su guión y por no pretender ser nada fuera de lo común. Fue una de las sorpresas del año pasado y con justa razón.
There are some witty lines and pretty outfits, but when it comes to diabolical satire, The Devil Wears Prada merely strikes a pose.
An insipid script by Laws of Attraction co-writer Aline Brosh McKenna packs a few droll one-liners, but mostly the film only aspires to its chick-lit roots.
This deliberately ambiguous comedy, set in the Manhattan offices of Runway magazine (a lightly disguised Vogue), has its Chanel and wears it.
...there's simply no denying the effectiveness of virtually every aspect of the production...
If you have ever held an office job, you probably have encountered the "boss from hell" and Streep manages to make the character both amusing, scary and touching (sometimes simultaneously). She alone makes the film worth seeing.
Makes one pine for any comparable '50s working-girl comedy (or, for that matter, 1988's Working Girl).
With its strong ensemble cast, witty script and eye-candy apparel, The Devil Wears Prada is the hottest trend of the season.
Moralista, sí. Predecible, un poco. Pero divertida, ingeniosa, ácida y exquisitamente disfrutable... especialmente por el extraordinario trabajo de una verdadera deidad de la actuación: la Sra. Merryl Streep.
If some sixtysomething nerd who read books about galactic empires and hasn't even touched a fashion magazine can love this movie, anyone can.
A film for those over the age of 14 is hard to come by this time of year. Don't let "The Devil Wears Prada" sneak by without giving it a look.
Una comedia previsible, inofensiva y finalmente olvidable sobre el mundo del trabajo, la moda y la frivolidad. Meryl Streep es su principal atractivo.
When Streep is absent from the screen, however, the interest factor plummets.
Anne Hathaway is Patricia Field's latest fashion victim in this limp semi-satire.
This smart and funny creation is not just wish-fulfilment for the ''Sex'' And The City generation -- it's a Wall Street for the 21st century.
Comedy doesn't get much blacker -- or more brilliant -- than this.
Enjoyable, smartly directed comedy with a witty script and superb performances from Streep and Hathaway.
The whole thing is humbug, a giant ad for the industry it affects to critique.
The real joy is in a smoulderingly sinister turn by Meryl Streep as Andy's egomaniacal boss.
Give this devil her due. One of this year's classiest, wittiest, and most refreshing films.
Works well as a comedy, then sinks when it turns serious.
A fun voyeuristic peek into the world of high fashion . . . If you're looking for a light-hearted romp down the runway, The Devil Wears Prada is a perfect fit.
A more singular, sharp and smarter tone would've made it a far more memorable piece of work
Miranda is a distaff version of Donald Trump. There's the power, the arrogance, the success, plus the delicious-to-view unbridled narcissism of an unchecked megalomaniac. She's Hannibal Lector in Dolce & Gabbana.
Whether you're high on fashion hi-life or simply shopping at Good Will, I think you'll have a fun time with this film. Top notch direction and production.
The movie, which features a stunning performance from Meryl Streep, never amounts to much more than a heap of lovely little scraps.
If ... the heroine is going to be as immune to temptation as Andy is ... then the spiritual dimension better be staggering ... because the narrative will have no suspense.
Streep plays Miranda subtly, not needing theatrics for the razorblade spitting she does to nick all of the unquestionably incompetent people around the character.
Against its own will, the story undermines its own happy conclusion.
The Devil Wears Prada is two films in one: a caustic, energetic satire of the fashion world and a cautionary melodrama.
Streep's expert comic timing is also on display in The Devil Wears Prada an otherwise bland small-town-girl-in-the-big-city story that's enlivened by her performance as a domineering magazine editor.
The biggest problem with the movie, however, is that it tries to make a big deal out of a subject that has been beaten to death in the tabloids and the media.
The Devil Wears Prada is primarily an occasion to celebrate Meryl Streep as a grand comedienne.
A slick but flimsy knock-off, almost as superficial as the industry it pretends to dress down.
(The cast) take their characters as far as possible in the film's opening act but are required to hit the same notes over and over in the limited, repetitive screenplay.
The storyline sets itself up for plenty of phony pay-offs, but thankfully doesn't deliver on them. It actually knows better.
Streep rules! This doyenne of the designer dress turns fashion obsession into fun.
The Devil Wears Prada tells a familiar story, and it never goes much below the surface of what it has to tell. Still, what a surface!
For the life of me, I can't understand anyone not liking this movie!
Move over, Julia Roberts ---- here comes Anne Hathaway.
That Andy, so beautiful in her new wardrobe, comes to see this power as superficial and sad rather than desirable is plot-pointy and predictable.
A fun movie that should be much better.
Despite themes as outdated as last season's wardrobe, the comedy delivers lightweight entertainment.
Impressively free of black-and-white characterizations.
White-maned Meryl Streep is a lioness in winter, with a weary whisper for a roar.
Nasty and funny for about 30 minutes.
The intersection of career and personal life is explored in The Devil Wears Prada, a slick yet refreshingly mature take on the boss-from-hell premise.
A clever, funny look at the way we sometimes risk selling our souls in the name of success.
Streep has latched onto this role of an impossibly demanding fashion editor, who chews up and spits out underlings, with all of the bravado of Bette Davis in her prime.
Streep steals the show, although Emily Blunt manages to sneak away with a bit for herself.
The film's peeks into the fashion world are amusing, and the script makes some salient points about the lengths to which a person will allow themselves to be humiliated simply to hold onto a job.
A fun, entertaining date movie.
[Streep's] icy hauteur and acidic condescension makes for a most irresistible injection of venom into what would be a typically sugary Princess Diaries installment.
Beautifully barbed banter, an appealing veneer of wit, three terrific performances, one appealingly game try of a performance, and style for days from director David Frankel.
Andy's corruption is so gradual she doesn't realize it is happening. While this is probably truer to life, it doesn't make for interesting drama.
Involvement with Andy's pursuit requires numb identification with her desire to assimilate - selling out her friends and values while stepping up the corporate ladder.
Although inhabiting her character as seriously as humanly possible, Meryl Streep ends up being extremely amusing as haughty Miranda Priestly.
a wickedly funny film with a slew of top-drawer supporting performances
The year's shrewdest comedy thus far.
A little predictable, but it does have a certain appealing cattiness and bite.
It still isn't very substantive and probably would have been even less so without Meryl Streep in the lead. Enjoy it for what it is, though: fresh and breezy, and comforting when you realize your boss isn't as bad as Miranda.
The Devil Wears Prada is a clear case of able actors elevating an ordinary script, a movie that's as entertaining to watch as it's easy to predict.
Walk into the theater wearing jean shorts, a popped collar or anything taken off the rack from T J Maxx, and Meryl Streep is likely to jump off the screen and slap you across the face.
Streep's practically the whole show -- and steals it accordingly.
Pretty to look at but not much food for the brain.
A lightweight chick flick that, despite gaping plot holes, will likely be a favorite of anyone who adores pretty women in pretty clothes.
... a glossy good-time movie ...
The comic appeal of The Devil Wears Prada is the cinematic equivalent of a size 2 -- wafer-thin and ultimately lacking in meat and substance.
There's a surprisingly sharp little sting hidden in this sleek throwback to old-fashioned Hollywood melodramas about sweet young things thrown into the lairs of hard-edged harpies who value their careers above all things womanly.
The Devil Wears Prada is an awards season attraction that somehow escaped into the temperate months of the super and the silly, all the more reason to applaud its audacity.
Streep is as intimidating as a Chinese emperor looming over a kowtowing subject.
By now, it's gotten boring to talk about how wonderful Streep is, but her delicate underplaying in Devil is extraordinary.
The Devil Wears Prada is a movie that revels in pleasure: the pleasure of fashion, of luxury, of power and ambition. It's also a tremendous pleasure to watch.
Single-handedly, Streep lifts Prada from adequate chick flick into intoxicating character study.
Prada just feels authentic, from its glossy look to the specific and sometimes curious behavior of the secondary and tertiary characters. To watch it is like being entertained while getting an anthropological crash course.
Funny, bitingly clever, and with a superb turn by Streep.
A flat comedy that pretends to cluck its tongue at gloss and glitz and the surface tension of lives attuned only to appearances, then spends most of its time drooling over them.
Streep owns every minute she's on screen in The Devil Wears Prada.
If there's scarcely an original moment in this breezy lark of a quipfest/cautionary tale, it's a dead-on, pricelessly funny send-up of the cutthroat, back-stabbing fashion world, where a size-6 dress size is cause for alarm.
This just in: Meryl Streep is a brilliant actress.
The Devil Wears Prada is sassy, smart and sophisticated, a Working Girl for the new millennium.
Well-crafted, pleasantly paced and, above all, acted with true verve and wit.
I realize the book was a best-seller. But the movie is just another Cinderella story that only Meryl Streep brings to above-average level.
It's all very light and pleasurable, and for fashionistas it's as fun as a sample shoe sale.
The movie is no thigh-slapper, by any means, but veteran TV director David Frankel (Sex and the City) has given it a consistently whimsical touch.
For the most part, The Devil Wears Prada is a broadly woven series of truisms and generalities in which fashion itself is an accessory.
Aside from Streep, the movie feels curiously light -- a timid satire afraid of upsetting the industry it derides.
The scandalous novel about a dictatorial magazine editor and her tortured assistant is toned down for the movie, but Streep still manages to have great, nasty fun.
Even when Frankel and McKenna let her down by trying to soften the character, Streep scores by staying true to Miranda's deliciously devilish self.
Devil is pretty lightweight stuff. But the performances are so good they elevate everything else.
13-time Oscar nominee Streep may rack up yet another nomination for her tour-de-force performance as a fashionista on steroids.
This is a breezy and enjoyable piece of pop entertainment -- a welcome reminder of what Hollywood used to be good at.
Slight but entertaining, The Devil Wears Prada is an ugly duckling-Cinderella tale set in the fashion industry, in which the wicked stepmother is far more interesting than the princess-to-be.
It's unlikely to change anyone's life or even anyone's dress size, but The Devil Wears Prada provides a pleasing helping of light satire and a chance for Meryl Streep to slip into another terrific performance.
The Devil Wears Prada has the look of many studio movies. But if you pay heed to the craft in the details, there's satisfying quality here.
Malice sparkles in The Devil Wears Prada. The fashion-world comedy achieves this plum by resuscitating the almost-dead virtue of dynamic dialogue.
The real reason to see Devil is Streep's extraordinary performance. Without her, this Devil would have wound up a little threadbare.
The Devil Wears Prada is being positioned as a movie for grown-ups and others who know what, or who, or when, or where, Prada is.
The Devil may indeed wear Prada, but in the case of this movie the only thing this melodious masterwork needs to be covered in is box office gold.
It's a self-blunting satire, a toothless attack on fashionistas that twists around tortuously and ends up biting (well, gumming) its own tail.
While the picture isn't brilliant, it is, at its most entertaining, a kicky, surprisingly astute throwback to bygone Hollywood social comedies.
...a story that makes studio executives proud, in which the end lesson is that Stockholm Syndrome is a healthy outlook on life for a career gal.
...relies on dialogue and decent acting rather than such lofty comedy concepts as farting, fat guys in tights, or a dog humping a stuffed animal...
If The Devil Wears Prada didn't have the silently menacing Meryl Streep as its title character, the film would be sporting nubs and carrying a broom instead of full-blown horns and a pitch fork.
The lack of camp is either what is best about the film or what is desperately wrong...It's worth seeing for Streep alone, or making fun of the clothes, but don't spend too much money on it.
A very formulaic tale about a naive young woman who nearly loses her soul after being caught up in the woman-eats-woman world of fashion, the book must have obviously lost something in the filmic translation.
Come February, it might be very fashionable to present Streep with another Oscar
The film captures New York in all of its media-lashed uproar, [and] Paris in the spring has rarely looked so heart-swellingly gorgeous. But the most impressive natural wonder in the film is Meryl Streep [in] one of her most wickedly inspired comic perform
Not as scathing as the book but Meryl does turn in a performance worthy of making interns and assistants everywhere shudder. Plus, she gets to be mean and look fabulous at the same time.
Streep's comic timing is so on-the-mark that she even manages to get a sizable laugh with the simplest line imaginable: 'Go.'
[Streep] chows down on this meaty role with relish and smartly dimensionalizes her demonic diva (some sympathy for the Devil?), so she's both satisfyingly ruthless and scarifyingly real.
The actor who nearly steals the film away... is Stanley Tucci... Early handicappers for next year's Oscar race take note.
If it rarely becomes more than a conventional Hollywood movie with conventional conflicts, at least it remembers to amuse, and has a force of nature in Streep.
The filmmakers have defanged the entire idea, choosing to turn Andrea's trip to hell and back into a series of pre-digested I heart New York sequences aimed at the average Perez Hilton reader.
Streep plays the role with an effortless demonic quality that somehow never feels over-the-top.
Buying a ticket to this instead of Superman Returns this week is like ordering pizza on Thanksgiving, but Streep gives Miranda the kind of authority and steely stare that would make a Navy SEAL shake in his boots.
...The Devil Wears Prada is aimed at the youthful fashion-conscious femme audience and it hits its target squarely.
The reason the Streep, Tucci, and Blunt characters work so well is that they all have clear character focuses. But Hathaway's movie heroine, Andy Sachs, is as ambivalent as her name.
mediocre at best, namely because it just doesn't live up to the promise of its title. Priestly may be evil, but she's not the devil
Streep and Tucci are wonderful (but) best of all is Emily Blunt, who plays the bitchy, ambition-obsessed Emily with a deft touch.
If The Devil Wears Prada weren't so infectiously entertaining, it may have been regrettable.
...a film for adults that seems refreshing with its lack of superheroes, special effects, and a bloated runtime.
At once coolly indifferent and fanatically detail-obsessed, coiffed off-white hair emphasizing a hawk's hooded gaze, Streep is the scariest, most nuanced, funniest movie villainess since Tilda Swinton's nazified White Witch.
Crafted like a high end TV show, it's a sort of video Vogue -- lite, brite and trite.
The movie has a lot going for it: a privileged look inside the world of fashion journalism, a magical interlude in a storybook Paris, bright supporting performances by Stanley Tucci and Emily Blunt, the likable presence of Hathaway, and, of course, Streep
A sharp, surprisingly funny excursion into the catty realm of women's magazines.
What makes the film more than fairly good fluff is Streep's performance.
...the great Meryl Streep...has an estimable field day playing the wolf in designer clothing.
I was there... It was the mid '90's, and I was but a lowly assistant at fashion conglom Bergdorf Goodman, corner of 5th and Haute Couture.
Streep creates panic with gestures measured in millimeters -- a lifted eyebrow, a pursed lip, just removing her sunglasses or tilting her head with the white meringue of a hairstyle that wouldn't dare get mussed. She is terrifying, mesmerizing, hilarious,
Meryl Streep inspires both terror and a measure of awe as the imperious editor of a glossy fashion magazine in the screen version of Lauren Weisberger's best-selling novel.
"Sex and the City" fashion porn married to The Princess Diaries 'tween ugly-duckling uplift.
It is the fashionista ethic, as embodied in the Priestly character, that keeps 'The Devil Wears Prada' fascinating--like turning over a rock and watching the worms crawling about underneath.
Fun, flirty, spirited, sexy, you can't take your eyes off it. You've gotta have it. And then just as powerfully as it bursts onto the scene and commands your attention, it dies.
In many ways The Devil Wears Prada suffers from some of the same unreality that marred Sex & the City.
Streep makes it work. Streep makes it fun. Best known for her dramatic brilliance, Streep has done strong comedic turns in the past, and this performance is a reminder of that, and then some.
Saying The Devil Wears Prada is superior to the book on which it is based is like saying that devouring chocolate is better than seeing its grimy residue smudged on a napkin.
A very clever adaptation of Lauren Weisberger's bestselling novel.
you don't have to be female or gay to appreciate vicious wit
Zings with unzipped quips about the insular universe of rag mags, where the length of a hemline and color of a season are accorded moral significance.
The film is delightful -- what Sex and the City could have been with intelligence and real wit instead of rote bitchiness.
The laughs were largely missing from the whiny book -- which is to this movie what Wrangler jeans are to John Galliano's fall collection.
The Devil Wears Prada is crisper, less self-righteous and mercifully shorter than its intermittently funny but interminable source.
Consider The Devil Wears Prada an attractive makeover of the original [book].
Killer cast, killer clothes, killer laughs. And best of all, you don't have to know the difference between Donna Karan and Donna Summer to delight in the film's wicked workplace politics.
Wearing an ill-fitting top of insincerity matched with clunky, hypocritical heels, 'The Devil Wears Prada' is in dire need of a makeover.
The movie's veiled endorsement of superficiality should give you reason to shout at the devil.
The only thing super about this commonplace, boss-from-hell comedy is its couture and fluffiness, but at least it flies at a quicker clip than the Kryptonian überman's insipid return this week. Are capes in this season?
The Devil Wears Prada devotes an unfortunate amount of its running time to much less interesting business involving Anne Hathaway as a fresh-out-of-college aspiring journalist who lands an internship at Streep's magazine even though she knows nothi
A chick-flick but anyone who wants to see Streep's sensational performance or loves the laughs Stanley Tucci is capable of delivering, should enjoy the movie.
[D]eliciously mean and yet not totally heartless... for all its inevitability, [it's]beautifully played and more than a tad touching.
Underneath the canned dialogue and a predictable career-isn't-everything social message, "The Devil Wears Prada" beats with an earnest heart.
The Devil Wears Prada is to the cutthroat world of chic glossies what Swimming With Sharks is to the movie business: a satirical indictment of its industry, with naive lackeys serving as the spectator's surrogates through the glitzy abyss.
There is not a surprising moment in David Frankel's film, but it goes down easily enough.
The Devil Wears Prada is the first classy, elegant and really entertaining film of 2006.
A smashing success as a glimpse of the fashion world and as a depiction of a young woman's introduction to the ethical choices that form character on the job.
This surprisingly amusing movie uses its snide sarcasm to full effect in telling a rather fashionable fable.
Dilbert meets Sex and the City. I mean that in a good way.
You'll leave thoroughly entertained, and that is all the movie really cares about.
A not-so-biting parody of the fashion industry which, to most people, is probably self-parody.
Dramatically anorexic.
If there's any drama here, it's slender -- maybe a size 2.
Aside from Streep, there really isn't much to The Devil Wears Prada...With her,though, it becomes an acting master class in how to make a lot out of very little.
Sophisticated comedies are rarely Oscar contenders but this may be the funniest chick-flick you're likely to see all summer.
Clothes to die for and an outrageous fashion diva compete for attention in this dishy comedy.
Everyone knows that Meryl Streep is the high priestess of drama, but she never gets enough credit for her comedy skills. That should change with The Devil Wears Prada.
Streep single-handedly elevates this sitcomy but tolerably entertaining adaptation of Lauren Weisberger's bestselling 2003 roman a clef.
...the real reason to see this film has got to be Streep...
Soggy without a story. A job with a world-famous, powerful monster comes with enviable perks. See it only for sexy Simon Baker.
Here is the stroke of an artist cutting through the narcissistic confusion around her, both shaming and enlivening this smooth but wafer-thin film.
If fashion is indeed a special brand of terrorism, then Miranda Priestly (Meryl Streep), editrix of the fictional magazine Runway, is the Osama bin Laden of Fifth Avenue.
It's Streep who pops our flashbulbs.
This comedy for adults (no children, animals, or F/X) offers an inside, nasty look at the fashion world that's vastly entertaining, with the glitzy glamour and bitchy women fights that would make Cukor proud.






@highlight

A rare film that surpasses the quality of its source novel, this Devil is a witty expose of New York's fashion scene, with Meryl Streep in top form and Anne Hathaway more than holding her own.