Sure, it's a glorified Hallmark movie with a great cast, but in spite of it all, An Unfinished Life struck a chord with me.
A modern-day Western from Lasse Hallstrom which doesn't measure up to the best of the three-time Oscar-nominee's work, but is, nonetheless, a beautifully filmed panoramic production with a plot compelling enough to recommend.
It's any director's job to tell the actors how to feel, but never a good idea to ask the same of the audience.
There's a touching subplot about Redford's relationship with Morgan Freeman's crippled ranch-hand, and some nonsense about the capture and liberation of an enigmatic bear.
An Unfinished Life takes us on the journey from the stifling prison of resentment to the freedom and healing of reconciliation. It's a trip worth taking.
There's something strangely poignant about watching Robert Redford trying to be Clint Eastwood.
Call it "the Sundance effect," in which sentimental family drama blossoms amid a scenic, pastoral American landscape, with all its connotations of unspoiled purity and rejuvenation.
An Unfinished Life isn't going to win any prizes for originality, yet despite the derivative feel - and some hokey melodrama - it's still a solidly entertaining film.
A wistful smalltown drama, this is predictable and pleasant, with enjoyable performances. It suffers from heavy-handed symbolism, but as an undemanding mainstream movie it has its simple pleasures.
If the story seems overly familiar, it's because it's basically Heidi. Okay, so a couple of extra characters have been added and there's a great big bear instead of all that business with the wheelchair, but [it's] essentially the same.
Un drama familiar previsible, inofensivo y hermosamente fotografiado, con buen elenco y poco más a destacar.
Director Lasse Hallström and the cast (including Morgan Freeman as Redford's hired hand and Josh Lucas as the local sheriff) respond with great work-in Redford's and Lopez's cases, their best ever.
This is a phenomenal character study of the grief of a father and the guilt of a friend. If you find it's unfolding too slowly for you, just focus on the wonderful performances by Redford and Freeman, and they'll pull you through.
If only the bulk of the film focused on the grizzly and not the deplorable people.
...an old-fashioned tearjerker, to be sure, yet parts of it undeniably work.
O roteiro sempre se sai melhor quando observa incidentes que, apesar de nada "cinematográficos", são suficientemente impactantes para seus personagens.
The sort of 'safe' drama that seems tailor-made for an endless run on the so-called 'arty' circuit ...
Everyone knows where the plot and its relationships are going, but we need a few warm and soft-focussed films. This is not a great film, but it is a nice one with several touching moments.
Things work themselves out in a quiet, logical, satisfying way.
Familiar territory, but subtly and effectively covered.
An Unfinished Life is an affecting demonstration of the enormous impact forgiveness can have on oneself and others.
The long delayed project ... churns out more cheese than a Wisconsin dairy, especially in the final reel.
The story is cluttered with bears, abusive boyfriends, tragic loss and plenty of other extraneous detail.
Ranks among the best movies of 2005.
A tense but ultimately corny family drama.
Highly satisfying work.
An Unfinished Life is a star vehicle, but one that successfully downplays celebrity.
This is a wonderful 'small' film that doesn't have the box office panache of a big budget hit, but could wind up one of the year's best sleepers.
Nothing new under the Wyoming sun, but An Unfinished Life remains a decent melodrama.
Hallström ropes an all-star cast into what's essentially a glossed-up TV movie.
The picture has no discernible reason for being. It's impossible to identify with characters who seem so fond of their own misery, they can't be bothered to communicate even the most basic facts about themselves.
J-Lo, reminds us why she got to be famous in the first place.
A sedentary, well-acted, but awfully familiar-feeling Lasse Hallström drama.
By the conclusion, the movie turns into the ursine answer to Free Willy, veering dangerously close to New Age parody.
The film travels pretty much to exactly where you expect it to go. But sometimes that's what you want.
An oddball blend of Western and soap opera.
Speaks clear and forlorn to how a company that backed Pulp Fiction could one day also back Cold Mountain.
Redford... is a comfortable fit for this setting. So is Freeman, even if he's relegated to his usual role as the wise voice in the ear of the grizzled white guy.
It's the kind of movie that you can't fault too terribly much, primarily because its heart seems to be in the right place.
[T]his is a movie to curl up with on a chilly winter's night; this is the movie equivalent of a mug of hot cocoa...
...finishes well before it ends, and not with a bang but with a saddle-sore whimper.
Lasse Hallström's film is full of wide spaces, squelched emotions, and gigantic metaphors.
Life is watchable due in no small part to [Redford and Freeman].
This neo-western suffers from chronic predictability.
Hallstrom specializes in middlebrow literary adaptations about quirky communities full of secrets, but he may have gone to Barnes & Noble for inspiration one too many times.
It takes more than some stars and plot points to make a successful film.
Fans of the last two Miramax films from Swedish director Lasse Hallström...may be happy to know that he has stuck to the exact same formula for his latest
Enough sweetly tentative moments to commend it as passable family entertainment.
feels compelled to button up every issue, and Hallström's happy endings are contrived
A comfortable old shoe of a movie, given extra shine by the considerable rapport between Redford's mumbling old coot and Freeman.
The problem with An Unfinished Life is it tries too hard to be the equivalent of Million Dollar Baby, notwithstanding the fact that it was actually made before Clint's opus.
Lasse Hallström, who also directed the amazing "The Cider House Rules," has created a film that takes its time, that allows you savor it rather than gulp it down.
As usual, actors will be backlit at Magic Hour, lessons will be learned, life-affirming bromides will be delivered, music will be delicate and symbolism will be heavy-handed.
The theme of forgiveness and the difficulty of it, especially in an atmosphere of deep grief, is well woven with character and insight into a finely structured drama.
Manages to be both moving and poignant largely because of the superb acting, cinematography and direction.
Lasse! Come Back Home, Boy!
Thoroughly enjoyable from beginning to end.
Because the mood is so richly realized, and the performances uniformly strong, there's enough to get excited about in "Unfinished Life" to make for a worthwhile sit.
Feels less like an authentic movie and more like a straight-faced parody of the Oscar bait that it was once clearly designed to be.
Outweighing this film's problems, which apparently held up its release, are the performances of its terrific cast.
An Unfinished Life is a foregone conclusion.
With every attempt to create another small, poignant but quirky story about relationships, director Lasse Hallstrom misses the mark with his casting. Jennifer Lopez and Robert Redford in the same movie is every bit as awkward as it sounds.
Lasse Hallstrom yawns out another awards contender.
Redford looks like he's got an electric shaver with the trimming length set to "crazy." How much of Einar's sanity could be restored with a razor and a trip to SuperCuts?
The picture is outrageously predictable and somewhat poky, but there's also something admirably bold about the way it so adamantly demands we swallow its hokum.
You can easily imagine (Redford and Freeman), during camera setups, wisely discussing the movie `An Unfinished Life' could have been.
Redford and co-star Morgan Freeman act circles around their much younger supporting cast.
Hallstrom's resolutely old-fashioned film, based on Mark Spragg's novel, is sympathetic to the internalized WASP way of grief, and enriched by Redford's and Freeman's subtle, superlative performances.
The movie wraps by asking the dead to forgive our sins -- do those include scripts that load the deck?
Redford and Freeman have a relaxed rapport -- watch their expressions when Griff asks them if they're gay -- but the script keeps giving them unspeakable lines to utter.
The chief issue, however, is the inability of Redford, Lopez and Freeman to fully inhabit their characters. They are always watchable and often engaging, but they bring elements to their roles that keep us from completely believing them.
The grizzly may have mauled Mitch, but by the end, that metaphor has mauled us.
Hallström specializes in tales of pent-up longing and hesitant reconciliation, but this cinematic Hallmark card is too prettified and predictable for his reliably delicate touch.
Redford's hellbound to remain the craggy cowboy who hides his feelings under Marlboro Man stoicism. Must he act like a River Runs Through everything?
This earnest and contrived story of an aging rancher estranged from his daughter-in-law meanders predictably towards the inevitable reconciliation, without ever feeling genuine.
A film of noble intentions and serious emotions that gets the best out of its actors even as it can't coax better from its script.
It's the movie that feels incomplete.
An Unfinished Life means well, but it's hard to give it much credit beyond that.
Days of Our Lives in coveralls.
The scenery has more definition than the people.
This is certainly not a movie worth going out of your way for, but don't be surprised if you happen to come across it on cable one rainy Sunday afternoon and find yourself watching it to the end.
This is the kind of movie where someone gets unreasonably upset over a broken plate and you realize that the plate is actually supposed to be a metaphor for a broken relationship -- at which point you begin to glance longingly toward the fire exits.
An Unfinished Life is so good that it makes you believe in Hollywood again.
It's no great thing, but in their heyday as Oscar campaigners, they could have made Redford a contender.
It's a good story, well told, honed just short of a distracting sheen.
There is never much doubt how An Unfinished Life will finish, yet it is kept dramatically and emotionally involving by the actors, who approach the characters and the story honestly and sincerely.
Consistently entertaining and ultimately satisfying, offering Robert Redford his best role in a decade. Kids, this is why everybody used to love this guy.
Not to belittle grief, but at a certain point the movie starts to feel like a giant pity party.
Excruciatingly tasteful.
Only an unnecessary and silly romantic relationship between Jennifer Lopez and Josh Lucas' characters seems out of place in this otherwise tightly scripted story.
Perhaps described best as superbly efficient rather than memorable; it's not a movie that invites or excites great and lasting passion.
The experienced helming by Hallstrom and the competent cast make up for the screenplay that explores no new territories.
An Unfinished Life is a solid movie with good acting performances, but it lacks the emotional punch one would expect from this sort of tale
Director Lasse Hallström's undeniable skill is at work here, all of the performances are pitch-perfect, the scenery is breathtaking, and the values espoused are honest and good. And we'll take a helping of that any day.
Provides a useful contrast to good dramas....Redford and Freeman should have invested their chops elsewhere.
Lasse Hallstrom's straightforward direction brings the story to the cockles of one's heart, which it promptly warms.
No one talks like that.
Most directors would take this material and hit us over the head with it. But Lasse Hallstrom trusts us and he trusts the story and the characters.
contrived and cliched...but ... still a well crafted piece of work with a strong sense of place (Ishawooa, Wyoming) and fine if unexceptional work by the ensemble cast.
It's pleasantly reminiscent of the kind of down-to-earth regional dramas Redford's Sundance Institute used to sponsor in its '80s heyday.
If you've ever seen a movie, you know what's going to happen.
This film's plot mechanics become too, well, mechanical.
An Unfinished Life doesn't succumb to the emotional dumbing-down that has become the norm in movies.
An inspirational family drama for the terminally uninspired.
Robert Redford, Morgan Freeman and Jennifer Lopez star in a sentimental western that suffocates in its own predictability and watered-down psychobabble.
An unabashedly sudsy soap opera that overflows with warm fuzzies. It's also really well done.
It may have maudlin moments, but it also contains a great deal of humor -- and a character custom-cut for one of the biggest names in movies, a natural who's always made it look so easy.
Whereas the tiny moments in Unfinished are excellent, the big picture is out of focus.
A well-crafted film.
A sensitive treatment of a rancher's slow and often difficult process of forgiveness after years of hurt, anger and disappointment.
Likably old-fashioned and consistently well-acted, An Unfinished Life is a small, low-key, pleasant, but ultimately slight, entertainment.
Everything about An Unfinished Life's screenplay is cliched and predictable, but the actors manage to elevate the proceedings above and beyond shameless soap.
[The film] is modest and heartfelt, dealing directly with straightforward material.
In this careful, dot-to-dot prestige picture, everybody learns their lessons on cue, the abusive ex gets his comeuppance and the bear (played by Bart the Bear) who nearly murdered Mitch is freed from confinement by Einar and Griff.
It tugs at the heartstrings but only on a superficial level because JLo doesn't have the acting chops to pull of this kind of complex, sympathetic role.
An extremely old-fashioned story that comes across as a starrily-cast, determinedly middlebrow Hallmark Hall of Fame special.
An Unfinished Life was directed by Lasse Hallstrom, but could just as easily have been put together by a cabal of marketing executives determined to appeal to the dimmer, more disenfranchised members of Oprah's Book Club.
The saccharine-coated treatment of people struggling to learn how to forgive themselves and others takes on the ring of sentimental greetings inside a Hallmark card.
An Unfinished Life has an old-fashioned solidity about it. It can be slow at times, but the movie knows what it's doing and how to do it, thanks to director Lasse Hallstrom and his capable cast.
You almost want to flip the screen over and see if there's a Hallmark logo imprinted on the other side.
...Few directors can bring as much life to...stories...that could easily have sucked.
Another sleepy, sweeping soft-serve melodrama from director Lasse Hallstrom...the story arc seems to have been drawn on graph paper rather than written in a script.
Even if the film is nothing more than the cinematic equivalent of a fortune cookie, it's one that's easy to swallow.
a movie that everyone at Miramax must be very pleased to finally be wrapping up. ... Heavy with symbolism and light on believable situations...
An Unfinished Life is powerful, intriguing, thought-provoking and unforgettable.
It's awful not in an exciting, uncontrolled way but in an overly controlled, narcotized way, an imitation of too many inspirational heal-the-pain dramas that Miramax has released since the dawn of their Oscar age.
It isn't fast, it isn't flashy, but in the hands of Freeman and Redford it's got depth.
Lasse Hallstrom never met a case of advanced emotional constipation he couldn't unplug in two psychobabbly hours or less.
I really did love this film, from Redford's showcase performance to the ensemble cast, to all that gorgeous scenery.
A pleasant and deeply moving character study... Hallström's return to dramatic glory.
An Unfinished Life isn't original, but, for those who enjoy this sort of drama, it's an opportunity to remember how, in the right circumstances, on-screen characters can touch our hearts.
Does its best to keep the stickiest melodrama at bay, for the most part succeeding.
Amid the plethora of car chase and dirty joke movies, finally one arrives with something to say
A prototypical WE channel mushfest.
Reminds me of my favorite bumper sticker: 'If I knew grandchildren were so much fun, I'd have had them first.'
The film never realizes its dramatic potential, choosing to take predictable story paths with obvious characters.
Alice Doesn't Live Here Anymore meets On Golden Pond, with a touch of True Grit and Redford playing a quintessential John Wayne role: the silent, stubborn, eccentric cowboy
Oscar worthy performance from Redford
A film is in some kind of trouble when, despite presence of an A-list cast and well-regarded director, the best thing in it is a partly digitized bear.


@highlight

A story of disjointed family members yearning for true emotional depth, An Unfinished Life teeters between overtly saccharine sentiments and moments of real intimacy.