This is an invaluable record of ballet performances from the first half of the 20th century that otherwise might've been lost forever.
Chock-a-block with invaluable footage of historical performances and reminiscences by eminent survivors, gorgeous and awe-inspiring in their unquenchable life force.
The talking heads, clips and photos are all so warm and dynamic that they make for quite a watchable film.
An informative, insightful glimpse into the ballet company that made an impact on the development of the dance form...a history lesson and an unforgettable close up encounter with some of its artists
An uplifting and deeply satisfying meditation on the passage of time and the resilience of the human spirit.
Surprisingly heavy on its feet.
Misses out on a chance for wider appeal by mixing approaches, dryly unloading lots of inside-baseball information about a ballet company that went kaput more than 40 years ago.
Never fully explores the stubborn, arduous passion of ballet, [but] . . . skips along pleasantly enough from pointed anecdotes to historical footage before closing with a stirring final flourish.
A casual interest in dance is all it takes to enjoy Ballets Russes, an enchanting new documentary about the famed French ballet company.
... a heartening affirmation of the spirit that helped many dancers to thrive in their heyday more than half a century ago and to survive as teachers, dance devotees and priceless raconteurs.
Even non-ballet fans can find something captivating in this multifaceted portrait of enormous artistry, elite talent and fierce rivalry, all set against the unique permutations of 20th century history.
Enchanting, edifying and exhilarating.
Deftly mixing talking-head interviews, archival footage, and sly musical cues, Ballets Russes impressively catalogues 30 years of the companies' triumphs and failures, and does so in a way that a dance neophyte can easily absorb ...
A rather dry story that's really more for dance enthusiasts than the general public.
Lets even those who hardly know the difference between a tu-tu and a pirouette in on the inner secrets of the illustrious ballet company.
Ballets Russes is a riveting document of the history of 20th century ballet, partly for the films but mostly for the extensive interviews with the 'baby ballerinas' and other remarkable dancers.
Ballets Russes, fondly uniting interviews of aged ex-dancers with almost fairy-spun clips from their youth, is a peacock reunion beneath a chandelier.
Capturing glimpses of those halcyon days, filmmakers Dan Geller and Dayna Goldfine offer the documentary Ballets Russes, riveting in rare footage and poignant interviews with some of the dancers who brought ballet to the hinterlands.
Not only consistently engrossing but genuinely engaging, if technically conventional....Bravo!
Ballets Russes does an amazing job of unearthing footage of the famous ballet troupe from its beginnings in turn-of-the-century Paris through to its demise in the '60s.
The documentary suggests the elixir of youth may be found at the barre.
Vintage footage and modern interviews and staged 'events' tell the tale of this important piece of art history.
... Ballets Russes should give nearly unadulterated pleasure to balletomanes ..
The documentary film Ballets Russes tells that story and, while of interest primarily to dance fans, makes the tale interesting for all who follow the arts.
... fun and informative ...
Geller and Goldfine orchestrate a ballet movie that is every bit as entertaining, gossipy and relevant as it is historically accurate.
This footage is rough and relatively artless in cinematic terms but even through the grainy footage, one can get a real sense of the power and grace that the dancers brought to their craft.
Delightful and utterly engrossing.
Those who are not as knowledgeable about the subject may still enjoy the movie, which is given a boost by each of the profiled dancers having a good sense of humor.
With a wealth of archival footage, the movie brings 70-plus years of dance alive.
Though a bit nostalgic and sentimental, docu offers invaluable information (and gossip too) about the evolution of ballet as an art form through firsthand testimonies with many of the survivors.
Dance fans will be dazzled by its treasure trove of archival dance footage. But those who know little of ballet will find plenty here to feed the soul, in the film's rich portraits of men and women nearing the end of a life lived in the arts.
It captures the heart and spirit of one of the 20th century's most fabled ballet companies, with a history that stretches continents and decades.
Ballets Russes may not be the greatest dance documentary ever made, but it could well be the most accessible and touching.
An electrifying documentary by Dan Geller and Dayna Goldfine that lovingly and authoritatively brings to life an era of unequaled artistic excitement.
Even if you don't know anything about ballet, this amazing documentary will leave you walking on air.
I would have thought that sitting there for two hours listening to people talk about ballet, of all things, would quickly put me to sleep. But I was fascinated and walked out of the screening invigorated.
The stories and people presented here are involving enough to enthrall anyone.
Warmly humane, but never sentimental.
A moderately engaging historical document
A daisy chain of touching now-and-then moments.
A captivating if somewhat conventional documentary.
The archival footage is so breathtaking, the reminiscences so piquant, that even a stranger to dance can't help but be swept up by this peek into such exquisite, now vanished glamour.
Geller and Goldfine have assembled a vital historical document, covering a cultural era now mostly lost, corrupted imperceptibly but permanently when fledgling ballerinas started dreaming about Broadway and Hollywood instead of Swan Lake.
Blessed with a surfeit of archival footage and dozens of marvelous, first-person stories, filmmakers Dan Geller and Dayna Goldfine have created a rich, complex portrait of the legendary Russian Ballet.
Enacts its drama with a light editorial hand and unavoidable sentimentality.
You don't have to know an arabesque from an alligator handbag to enjoy Daniel Geller and Dayna Goldfine's loving documentary about the various incarnations of the Ballet Russe.
Ballets Russes, a graceful and fascinating documentary, chronicles the world of dance following the 1929 death of the ballet impresario Serge Diaghilev.
Directors Dan Geller and Dayna Goldfine have done a fine job of locating old footage of the companies -- much in color -- but an even better one of locating the company's old dancers.
Seamless, effortlessly grandiose and thoroughly entertaining.
An affectionate look at the legendary dance comany.
A deeply affectionate and informative study of some of the greatest ballet dancers who ever pirouetted across a stage.
This very conventional PBS style videodoc should not viewed before operating heavy machinery. However, there's plenty to fascinate devotees of the dance.
Enormously absorbing.






@highlight

Even if you know little about ballet, there is much to love about this documentary's captivating archival footage and its interviews with elderly former dancers who have much to share.