A last-act plot turn is straight out of the Dictionary of Tearjerker Clichés (look under "C"), but by that time we're enjoying these people's company so much that we don't really mind.
The film wastes sensitivity and, let's be honest, in some moments, something of sentimentality. But the actors are so good... [Full Review in Spanish]
The film explores little new ground... And yet, the total lack of pretension and loving gaze of [Richard] Loncraine make you root for her... [Full Review in Spanish]
This is a frisky charmer of a movie, with a stunning final image that will leave you cheering.
It's not a terrible time at the movies, especially when Staunton and Spall get a chance to shine, but it vanishes from your mind without a second thought.
Aimed at a senior citizen audience, this high-spirited British comedy relies on sassy, solid performances and a stunning final shot.
The terrific ensemble cast elevates some predictably lightweight material, generating a crowd-pleasing mix of laughs and poignancy.
There are some interesting and surprisingly vernacular commentaries about England's changing class concepts and the starkness of postwar life, but these seem accidental.
Above all, what lifts Finding Your Feet off the ground is its amazing cast, who comprise a lineup that is must-see no matter the playground they're corralled into.
There are things that the British simply do better than we do. One of them is creating romantic comedies with old people. Here's a new one, with a marvelous cast that's living it up.
Finding Your Feet is just the latest example of a decent movie that trips its way into a dramatic face plant about 5 yards short of the finish line.
A formulaic outline, but a pleasant mood.
Oh dear. This is one of those British light entertainments that pop up every few years, jam-packed with thespians having a jolly time making something commercial for the simple folk.
Leonard and Moorcroft's script is utterly mechanical, and Richard Loncraine seems content to shoot it as is. But he also gives his cast space to find the authentic souls of their lonely characters, and thus invest the movie with emotional texture.
There is a dance number in the streets of London that "goes viral" in a way that suggests director Richard Loncraine doesn't know what the term means. And every plot turn is mapped out and signposted, with the script taking the easy path every time.
All the presented ideas are undercooked, leaving audiences with an overlong, sentimental, waste of time only mitigated by actors still putting in reliable work
[Richard Loncraine] knows how not to overstep the sentiment, suds and assorted fleet feet and let his stars soar.
When given the chance (which is always), the cast unlocks moments that are so intimate and naturally detailed, you would swear that the actors had no idea the cameras were rolling.
A saccharine mixture of broad comedy and obvious pathos, Finding Your Feet switches between these two modes with consistent regularity.
Loncraine and a fine cast work hard to breathe life into Meg Leonard and Nick Moorcroft's formulaic script, but the film is not terribly effective in generating either laughter or tears.
Admittedly, the typical romantic comedy thrives on tropes and clichés but the pandering in Finding Your Feet is so extreme that it gets old fast.
A tart, sharp, life-affirming dramedy, one that is slightly more edgy and far less predictable than it probably has any right to be. Celia Imrie and Imelda Staunton are magnificent.
This dramedy about middle-class Londoners in their 60s and 70s getting on with life has a genial watchability - even a stubborn relevance - thanks to its crackerjack ensemble cast, who play characters just eccentric enough to keep things tasty.
These cliches do not negate what screenwriters Nick Leonard and Nick Moorcroft have so lovingly written; a story which aims to ease the terrifying inevitability of loss and old age, gently reminding us that life does not cease until we do.
Finding Your Feet manages to transcend some of its more egregiously patronising and cringeworthy moments thanks to deeply felt performances by Imelda Staunton and Celia Imrie.
A contrived British rom-com, this movie is just about watchable thanks to an above-average cast and some nice settings. But not much about it works, from the achingly predictable script to the corny slapstick.
It may appear to target a certain older demographic but hopefully all audiences will go along and be utterly charmed by Finding Your Feet.
Another attempt at a charming working-class English comedy in the vein of The Full Monty, this one unfortunately isn't very funny. Finding Your Feet is too maudlin and too long; even the choppy dancing scenes fail to satisfy.
Finding Your Feet finds its own footing by putting its trust in its sturdy performers and avoiding many of the usual tea-time clichés.
Whether it's inspired, perverse, or just lazy to make over-60 actors prance through familiar rom-com routines, Staunton, Spall, and Imrie are up to the task.
Finding Your Feet doesn't have much to recommend it apart from its grossly overqualified cast, led by Imelda Staunton and Timothy Spall.
The actors ultimately sell its sentiment, like expert landscapers who can make a homey garden using artificial turf.
Much like a laughably slow-paced vehicular getaway that putters through mid-movie, Finding Your Feet doesn't reach full speed.
The cast, let by Imelda Staunton and Celia Imrie, and including Timothy Spall and Joanna Lumley, is so good at pushing past the clichés that they make something out of the film, despite the script's best efforts to prevent it.
Watching it demands little effort. Evict your inner cynic and enjoying it should demand even less.
It's Dancing With The Seniors As Spry Veteran British Cast Makes All The Right Moves In Charming And Well-Acted Crowd Pleaser.
Finding Your Feet leans heavily on its cast of British screen greats. Luckily, Staunton, Imrie, Spall, Lumley et al are up to the task of dancing around most of the plot's more tired or ill-considered moments.
In the spirit of inclusion, this worn but warm film makes a welcome entry into the superhero saturated scene.
The film balances comedy and drama very nicely - it's charming, funny, and earns every one of its big emotional beats. You know how it's all going to end up, but are more than happy to go along for the ride
Precision-tooled for the Tuesday afternoon crowd it may be, but Finding Your Feet nevertheless does what it says on the tin, and does it expertly.
The characters are very cliched and it's all rather hackneyed. But that is most likely nit-picking to a lot of people and fair enough, so for many there will be great enjoyment from a sweet, innocuous and well-intentioned film.
"Finding Your Feet" hits its romantic-comedy beats with an old-timer's clockwork efficiency.
It's an unexpected joy, basically; a cosy and casual, Sunday afternoon offering, that passes the time nicely.
It's harmless stuff but the humour is hit-and-miss, the screenplay formulaic and the whole thing goes on about half an hour too long. Even the dance scenes are uninspiring.
Actors and viewers alike are let down by a script that does everything by rote.
The cast lend charm to this feelgood fairy tale and Celia Imrie is especially good as the inspiring Bif.
Cynical as it undoubtedly is, there is a certain creaky charm to this tale of late-life second chances and senior dance classes.
[An] affable tale of dancing, cancer and eleventh-hour romance.
With its cast of stalwarts and its fish-out-of-water narrative, Finding Your Feet can feel awfully familiar. Yet one would hesitate to call the same film cosy.
Following in the footsteps of films such as Calendar Girls and The Best Exotic Marigold Hotel comes another charming, if somewhat predictable, crowd-pleaser about embracing life in your later years.
[Its flaws] hardly matters for this one's target audience, who'll love all the performances, tap their toes to a soundtrack that veers from Glenn Miller to The Big Bopper to Chic, and happily tear up at all the sad stuff.
This is a silly old film but its vulnerable characters are a blast.
Director Richard Loncraine maintains an engaging warmth throughout the film, and while the romantic plot bubbles rather than boils, it's certain a lot better than two recent examples of the genre, namely Hampstead and Paris Can Wait.
It's a kind of cinematic version of painting by numbers, and rather a waste of talent, and yet for all that, I amazed myself by quite enjoying it!
This film has some great jokes but it's too mixed up with moments of jarring drama.
It's a promising set-up, but the story is profoundly predictable.
Perhaps this film should have been a stage musical.
Sure, it breezes by and there are smiles along the way, but the whole thing's about as novel as an old pair of socks worn every winter.
Finding Your Feet touches on some dark subjects - Alzheimer's, depression, cancer - but somehow always manages to keep up its irrepressibly cheery and inane mood.
There's a lot to like about Finding Your Feet.
It's mad, but not bad: one of those intrepidly schmaltzy fluff operas the British sometimes do well.
SUMMARY The cinematic equivalent of a pair of comfy slippers. This is a charming, oft-told tale of second chances in life and love, and it is filled with fine performances only let down occasionally by an indulgent run time and some stunted dialogue.
Its love-in-later-life insights are well-worn, but with Staunton on song, Richard Loncraine's film mines genuine feeling.
Sometimes it's hard not to cringe at their antics but the joie de vivre of these convention-defying pensioners is ultimately irresistible. It's a familiar blend, with just a dash of daring.
It's about real adults living ordinary, important and sometimes difficult lives. Finding Your Feet is rightly billed as comedy-drama; yet, although it's full of rib-tickling dialogue, it's the drama that cuts deep.
Bitter sweet, with a pedigree English cast, Finding Your Feet may be predictable fare, but it has a heart of solid gold.
... is far from the worst of its kind, despite a mediocre script (by Meg Leonard and Nick Moorcroft) that goes for easy laughs and signals every plot development well in advance.

@highlight

Finding Your Feet wears its heart on its sleeve, elevating undemanding material with a feel-good romance and sweet performances from its over-qualified cast.