In the absence of any apparent formal conceit, Barnard's parable is still raw enough to wound while its emotional impact could wring tears from metal.
Strong, beautiful and honest film-making.
Barnard bolsters this central friendship and subsequent unwitting rivalry with myriad background details to flesh out their world and expose how dire circumstances are.
Though they share the same title, director Clio Barnard's bewitching follow-up to The Arbor bears little cosmetic similarity to the fluorescent idyll of Oscar Wilde's 19th century children's fable.
Writer-director Clio Barnard directs with ferocious maturity, galvanising "scrap" pieces of everyday life into a wonderfully cinematic whole.
Barnard's film is charged with the same compassion and lyricism. It is one of those desperately sad and dispiriting films that one would prefer to forget but probably never will.
There is a plot (adapted from Oscar Wilde's famous short story of the same name), and it's a good one, but ... most important are Arbor and Swifty, played to pure perfection by little Connor Chapman and big Shaun Thomas.
The Selfish Giant is one of the best films of the year: captivating, often funny, and filled with the most naturalistic performances you're likely to see.
Barnard's work with these two child actors is extraordinary, and she has written a lean script.
Anyone worried that the spirit of British social-realist director Ken Loach might not continue once he goes can take heart. Newbie director Clio Barnard has his style down pat as she tells of two teenage truants who scrounge for scrap metal.
A powerful, often gruelling but supremely tender fable about two boys scrounging for scrap in Britain's industrial wasteland.
Astonishing naturalistic performances, especially by the two young leads, gives this gritty film its emotional power, while the downbeat mood and provincial setting gives it a bleak tone
The story is movingly universal. You'll connect with these characters. You'll root for them as they risk everything to break free of the bleakness they were born into. And you'll feel it when, just as things begin to go well, they go haywire instead.
Writer/director Clio Barnard makes her feature debut with a fable spawned from an Oscar Wilde children's story but plays more like a pint sized "Of Mice and Men."
The first great fiction film to be released in 2014, Clio Barnard's second feature, "The Selfish Giant," is breathtakingly assured, ruggedly beautiful, moving and justifiably tragic.
There's nothing genteel - or veiled - about documentary-maker turned writer/director Clio Barnard's powerful portrait of austerity England.
It is especially notable for its compassion. It doesn't pass judgment on even its most thoughtless and conniving characters.
Somehow ferocious and coarse yet still delicate and often beautiful, The Selfish Giant relays a tragic tale with great power.
The tone of documentary accuracy makes the film even darker.
"The Selfish Giant" is a story of dependence, damage and desperation, told with grit and grimy frankness. It's also a portrait of friendship born of need and emptiness, on the road to nowhere.
Clio Barnard's The Selfish Giant isn't the Oscar Wilde children's story, but more an inspired take on it in the kitchen-sink style of a Ken Loach drama.
It's a powerful story about an underclass that might otherwise be all but invisible.
Ultimately, it's a sad, tough sit - but worth seeing for its gritty honesty and strong cast.
Much of the movie is hard to bear, yet it never drags, thanks to the momentum that Barnard finds in the fable, and, above all, to the energy that she unleashes in her young leads.
[A] wrenching story of working-poor desperation in northern England.
A quietly upsetting coming-of-age story about the many people and places that can be considered a 'bad influence.'
The Selfish Giant is a film of such power and beauty that there will be no escaping it -- so long as you go to see it in the first place.
Conner Chapman and Shaun Thomas are terrific fresh finds for Barnard, and the film is a triumph in the direction of young untried actors.
Regardless of its initial box-office performance, The Selfish Giant will have a very long shelf life and will be watched for years to come.
It uses powerful, naturalistic performances from a juvenile cast to emphasize the spirited fortitude of kids stuck in terrible situations, but never resorts to even an atom of sentimentality.
"The Selfish Giant" is devastating social realism in the mode of Ken Loach's "Kes."
An emotionally punishing experience.
"The Selfish Giant" is easy to admire but difficult to recommend, because the truths it tells about friendship, poverty and desperation are presented without flinching.
The Selfish Giant never feels predictable. Credit the remarkable young actors, as well as Barnard's observant style: Every moment in this film is alive with possibility, with the chance that everything will go haywire in a new way.
The film captures the crossroads between economic desperation and childhood innocence with an insightful and poignant impact.
It doesn't whack you upside the head like 'The Arbor,' but it does sneak up behind you.
It is admirably unsparing and gloomily atmospheric. And I looked at my watch a bunch of times.
It's so assured and accomplished, so rigorous on both a human and technical level, and so clearly driven by love for this harsh landscape and its hardened people, that I was entirely swept away by its characters and their story.
The nonprofessional actors who play Arbor and Swifty have an easy, unself-conscious rapport, and convey both the bond between the friends and its gradual fraying.
The original story was for kids; the movie is about kids, but its grim depictions of violence against innocents may be too harrowing even for some adults. Yet the movie is engrossing, and sure to linger long after its poignant culmination.
The physicality of the overgrown Swifty and exceptionally runty Arbor make them a particularly endearing odd couple to watch, and their friendship feels real, from start to tragic finish.
Enigmatically titled but thrillingly direct, heart-shattering portrait of two boys' hardscrabble lives earns an easy comparison with some of the greatest Italian neo-realist works about kids in perilous poverty.
Both a tender ode to childhood and a wrenching eulogy for lost innocence.
The Selfish Giant is never so bleak that it's unwatchable. On the contrary: It's so immediately engaging that it's hard not to watch.
It's the two young stars-one a whirlwind and the other a quiet protector-who make this only-slightly tall tale into something towering.
The ear for language is paired with an eye for the landscape, and the film finds beauty even in such a seemingly dreary, economically depressed community.
This is independent, regional British cinema at its best.
Deftly directed, Barnard's film gives just as much credence to quiet dialogue scenes as it does to a danger-fraught harness pace-race that's reminiscent of Ben Hur on a budget.
The film is its own beast with its own beauty, and a spirit that's wild rather than Wildean.
A work of deep compassion and shrewd insight.
An affectingly truthful movie that touches the heart as it holds a fabulist mirror up to reality, enriching the traditions of homegrown drama, and confirming Barnard as a major voice of modern British cinema.
Allows hope and humour to mingle with the misery. Wilde's story and this peculiar tribute do, at least, have that much in common.
A fable that, by the time the credits roll, will have you in bits.
The Selfish Giant is a stunning film, almost literally so in the sense that it leaves you dazed with its forensic and uncompromising depiction of Britain on the breadline, as well as its achingly sad ending.
Carried aloft by the remarkable performances of her two young leads, Clio Barnard's poignant, unflinching slice of hard-knock-life grips tight and lingers long.
The Selfish Giant is one of the great modern British films.
Inventive British filmmaker Barnard takes on Oscar Wilde's children's story with the same artistic creativity that made her previous film, the edgy drama-doc The Arbor, such a triumph.
A superbly acted, beautifully shot and emotionally devastating childhood drama in the tradition of Ken Loach's Kes and Andrea Arnold's Fish Tank.
Often grim and disturbing, it's not an easy watch but one that grows to resonate and seduce with its brutal honesty.
Rooted in a very real, modern Britain ... But for all its stark realism, it has a touch of myth to it too, and it's lyrically shot.
The leads (Conner Chapman and Shaun Thomas) are terrific, so it's a shame that the adults seem clichéd.
A terrific human drama about two boys about to be consigned to the scrapheap, with standout performances from its young leads.
Here working-class woes, Northern grimness and mucky miserabilism create a familiar Loachian vibe, as though all the magic and miracles of a children's fable had become mired in the realities of British life on the margins
Barnard's subject matter rewards in many respects and her storytelling flair stays with you long after the end credits. British cinema has conversely never felt so invigorating.
Propelled by the powerfully credible performances of its non-professional teenage leads, and punctuated with contemplative images of post-industrial landscapes, The Selfish Giant ultimately achieves in its poignant coda a note of unexpected grace.
Barnard poetically suggests that the absence of good parenting turns childhood into a purgatory that can only end with adulthood's cruel arrival.
Here's hoping Barnard returns with something a little more fresh and invigorating next time out.
The Selfish Giant earns all of its emotion the honest way. If it's at times painful to watch, in the end it gives back much more than it takes. It's generous and steadfast, like true friendship itself.
Two elements stood out for me: the film's vivid evocation of edge-lands, the scrubby, generally disregarded hinterland areas on the outskirts of British cities, and its depiction of the actual physical circulation of money.
That The Selfish Giant feels familiar rather than groundbreaking makes it seem to some degree a step back for its talented director, but she's avoided the sophomore jinx with aplomb.
A powerful and moving contemporary fable about friendship, greed and exploitation and likely to be compared with the compassionate drama of Ken Loach at his very best.
Solidly effective addition to Britain's social realism tradition, elevated by excellent performances by the young leads and some unexpectedly poetic touches.
And apparently there's life after Downton Abbey. In a 180-degree departure from that show's scheming Miss O'Brien, actress Siobhan Finneran plays Swifty's abused, soft-spoken mum. She and the boys are wonderful.
The Selfish Giant preaches compassion by showing us in its very closing moments, the fathomless goodness that can lie beneath even the spittingest, snarlingest exterior.
The pic is ostensibly more conventional than Barnard's acclaimed hybrid-doc debut, The Arbor, but exhibits stunning formal progress nonetheless.
The Selfish Giant is cinema that tells an unsure nation who we are.
This is a fine film, which cements Barnard's growing reputation as one of Britain's best film-makers.

@highlight

Starkly emotional and beautifully directed, The Selfish Giant uses a lovely script and some powerful performances to present some of the best that modern British cinema has to offer.