Hands of Stone isn't the black eye on the boxing genre, but it presents the genre at its most mediocre and formulaic.
This is certainly no Raging Bull. However, if you can invest in a boxer who is boisterous and bratty, Duran may hold your interest.
... Too many characters, too great a time span, and lack of focus on the main event.
Filming largely in Panama with substantial support from the government, writer-director Jonathan Jakubowicz works to tie Duran's popularity with that country's struggle for respect and self-determination in the last half-century.
. . .Hands of Stone Venezuelan writer/director Jonathan Jakubowicz muddies their story, hurrying from one unnecessary, underdeveloped scene to another.
With a more creative hand at the helm, this all might be exciting, except Venezuelan director Jonathan Jakubowicz keeps things moving along at a middling clip.
A hard-nosed biopic of the Panamanian prizefighter Roberto Duran, Hands of Stone is primarily a showcase for Edgar Ramirez.
All this cacophony of backstory ends up being counterproductive, especially when the film tries to convey what makes this fighter worthy of tribute (or forgiveness or reconsideration, depending on your perspective).
Although the film has all the ingredients of a boxing drama, the editing isn't interesting and only offers a set of irregular images. [Full review in Spanish]
It is a truth universally acknowledged, that a sports movie in possession of a good story, must be a boxing movie.
Hands of Stone is a serviceable, reasonably entertaining biopic of Roberto Durán, with first rate performances that elevate it above its pedestrian execution.
Though the scenes in the ring are the equal of any, the drama progresses rather like something we have all seen before.
As far as bio-pics go -- especially of still-living subjects -- we could not hope for anything more candid.
A film in which the presence of Robert De Niro, gives it solidity and depth to the journey of a man made to himself. [Full review in Spanish]
Besides punches, a boxing film needs heart, stories of triumph, sacrifices and controversies. Hands of Stone has them. [Full review in Spanish]
A story with all the necessary elements to become raw material for a truly epic film but in the end doesn't stand out in a sea of biopics. [Full review in Spanish]
A film with well narrated fights, the period reconstruction (the decades of 1970 and 1980, plus some flashbacks) is impeccable and has a dramatic elemental background. [Full review in Spanish]
Very well acted, entertaining and informative.
It's no "Raging Bull."
If you only know the name Durán, then this is a good way of learning more. Plus, this is a good calling card for the under-rated Ramirez who shows he can totally lead a film.
An occasionally absorbing and well-acted film whose end result comes short of its ambition.
Writer/director Jonathan Jakubowicz threads a second, personal battle beneath Durán's flurry of punches . . This personal touch raises the lively athletic melodrama out of maudlin telenovela territory.
Another well-intentioned but feckless snooze.
A dutiful but emotionally hollow biopic.
A punch-less Roberto Duran boxing biopic.
It's well-mounted and well-acted by a cast that includes Rubén Blades as Durán's manager, Usher Raymond IV as Sugar Ray Leonard, John Turturro as a shadowy Mafia figure and Ana de Armas as Durán's wife.
... Roberto Durán is brought to life by the uber-talented Edgar Ramirez but is stuck in a film that frequently loses focus and tries to cover too much territory all at once.
In trying to encompass so much of Duran's life without taking us deep into what made him tick, yet expecting us to empathize with him, "Hands of Stone" ends up having feet of clay.
Hands of Stone is a mixed punching bag.
It's fumbling, fragmented and formulaic, despite the fancy footwork
Well meaning but paint-by-numbers biopic of boxer Roberto Duran simply takes too many swings and wanders all over the place in search of a POV.
"Hands of Stone" is an amazing story of how strength, determination and self pride can change the course of one's life.
If you are old enough to remember the classic battles between Duran and Leonard, "Hands of Stone" is a respectable homage to that time.
Hands of Stone works so hard to convince moviegoers of its inspirational relevance that it ends up feeling like an empty collection of genre conventions.
Traditional and uninspired, it does an adequate job of relating Duran's story but falls short of providing an engaging cinematic experience.
There are some engaging asides about Arcel's struggles with boxing's dirty underbelly, but they feel like they belong to a different movie. (De Niro's superfluous and soporific voiceover, however, belongs in no movie whatsoever.)
Suffers by comparison with last year's game-changing Creed, whose fight scenes were ingeniously presented in one glorious, uninterrupted shot. The balletic result seemed to justify boxing's sobriquet as "the sweet science."
Edgar Ramirez's terrific leading performance and some astounding boxing sequences make it doubly frustrating that Hands Of Stone never comes to grips with what to do in between bouts.
Unfortunately, Jakubowicz just doesn't seem to have the first clue as to how to give any of this the sort of emotional zip Durán's story calls for.
Roberto Duran, hands down, was one of the greatest boxers of all time. Suffice it to say, a great boxer deserves a great biopic. Hands of Stone is not that, but it's not bad, either.
Despite some clichéd moments, it is enjoyable, and I would recommend it for the acting and the historical significance.
Relies on too many formulas in telling a tale that's far too familiar in too many ways to make us care about the outcome. (Full Content Review for Parents - Sexual Content, Profanity, etc. - also Available)
... hits the highlights of his life and career without offering much depth or context outside of what fans likely already know.
There are so many secondary characters and narrative strands introduced and forgotten that a scorecard should have been handed out as we sat down.
Well-made biopic has nudity, boxing violence, language.
Hands of Stone is a knockout when it focuses on Duran's trainer and most famous foe... maybe the next biopic will tell us more about Mr. Manos de Pierda himself.
Hands of Stone is not a perfect movie, but it's still worth seeing, particularly for fans of the sweet science.
In trying to encompass way too much, Hands of Stone ends up feeling superficial and unsatisfying.
Most of the movie is a slow pour of random scenes, missing connective tissue and timing, finding messy editing a more powerful foe to the boxer than Leonard.
"Hands of Stone" is less like a boxing flick and more like a professional wrestling battle royale with all its different subplots angling for main event status.
Make no mistake, this is no "Raging Bull." But it's a perfectly serviceable biopic and boxing movie whose cast says something about the social changes afoot in this nation.
It's engaging, sure, with some fast-paced and capable fight sequences.
There's a great film about Durán's life fighting to break through, but it never quite connects. We're left with a good film that clearly doesn't reach its potential.
'Hands of Stone' works best when Ramirez and De Niro share a scene. Their bickering back-and-forth gives the movie its needed tension and spark.
Much about this shaky sports bio seems a little off, including laughable minor caricatures for promoter Don King and legendary sportscaster Howard Cosell.
...doesn't deliver the heavy emotional blows worthy of its hard-hitting subject.
Besides making Duran look like an off-brand Jake La Motta (the subject of Raging Bull), this film also suffers from this-and-that-ism, when biopics include events for their own sake, without thought of narrative relevance.
While Mr. Ramírez is excellent at portraying Durán's cockiness and imposing physicality, the movie struggles to make him a well-rounded character.
Hands of Stone is a rousing, well-filmed and solid (if at times overly generous to Duran) biopic with a bounty of charismatic performances, two of the sexier scenes of the year, some welcome laughs and a few above average fight sequences.
Ramirez is solidly compelling as Duran, the complicated pit bull that he is, but the audience is kept at a distance and isn't given an opportunity to truly empathize.
The movie's best moments are all intimate, tracing the rocky friendships that Duran (Edgar Ramirez) forged with his longtime trainer and mentor, Ray Arcel (Robert De Niro), and his most notorious opponent in the ring, Sugar Ray Leonard (Usher Raymond).
Roberto Durán is a role that requires both subtlety and brutality. Mr. Ramirez obliges.
Hands of Stone depicts the life of Roberto Duran with all the enthusiasm and emotional resonance of a Wikipedia page
If ever there were a film that shoulda-coulda-woulda been great, it's Hands of Stone, an ambitious but disappointing biopic about Panamanian fighter Roberto Durán.
The film itself is dazzlingly shot and edited, the fast-paced linear story complemented by a whirlwind of artfully constructed flashbacks and montages that all add up for a heady mix.
It's too diffuse a biography to understand how a boxer could have all that fire in his belly doused so quickly.
Very square and rather uninspired, but its underdog hero as played by star-in-the-ascendant Edgar Ramírez is just about irresistible.
Hands of Stone simply never connects in the way Duran's legendary punches did.
Has a certain visceral power, but it often seems a bit punch-drunk, stumbling from subject to subject without much overall shape...A pity, because it could have been a contender.
Durán is about as admirable as algae from the moment we meet him. The best you can say about him is he managed to get rich being pond scum.
The film is a conventional boxing biopic with fight scenes well-directed by Venezuelan Jonathan Jakubowicz. But what makes this movie as good as it is -- which is pretty good indeed -- are the performances.
Watching 'Hands of Stone', you'll echo the statement Durán reportedly made during his second fight with Leonard: "No mas."
The movie needs más -- mucho más. As Durán, Edgar Ramírez accesses the playboy arrogance he channeled for Carlos, but he's stranded by a timid script that doesn't give him enough private moments.
The highlight is Duran and Arcel's bonding in the corner between rounds. We'll take more of this revealing brand of drama anytime.
"Hands of Stone" seems hellbent on setting a world record for most subplots, and the scenes are spliced together so rapidly it's as if some projectionist - or the digital equivalent, anyway - accidentally hit fast-forward.
Durán was considered a fighter with more energy and ambition than strategy, and the film tells his story in much the same way.
"Hands of Stone" isn't a knockout of a film, but it's light on its feet and throws a lot of good punches.
Hands of Stone is not a terrible movie, just a clumsy one that doesn't seem to know precisely where it's going and why. And one that can't seem to get out of its own wandering way.
Hands of Stone has feet in concrete.
As a primer on a boxing [legend], Hands of Stone fits the bill, but it's not the knockout it could have been.
True story of Panamanian boxing champ's rise and fall punches short but gives Robert De Niro a knockout role
It ... falls victim to too many trite boxing-movie clichés and is in way too much of a rush to cover too much narrative ground. It sometimes feels like you're watching it with a finger on the fast-forward button.
Ultimately, "Hands of Stone" is like the palookas Duran used to so easily take apart. A lot of fancy footwork. A lot of bobbing and weaving and feinting. But, in the end, no real punch and - worse - no real heart.
De Niro and top-billed Ramirez do well with a bantamweight script. It's a strange picture structurally.
This is a genre that has been elevated by great films. "Hands of Stone" is a decent boxing movie, but it won't be counted among them.
Hands of Stone is your typical rise-and-fall redemption story, so aggressively mediocre that Jakubowicz would have been better off taking some risks and failing than to settle for this.
In less than two hours, you feel you know Durán in all his pride, cunning, self-indulgence and ring savagery.
Though writer-director Jonathan Jakubowicz's choice to portray boxing as a mostly mental sport-the art of psyching out an opponent without tripping yourself up-gives it some novelty, the movie is left grasping for a through-line.
The acting in all roles is first rate, but in this one De Niro regains the title of undisputed champion.
This Durán becomes less charming, in fact, the more time the movie spends with him, accumulating new details of his jerkiness.
An unsavory, underdeveloped and uninspired bore.
[Ramirez's] performance works as a miniature study of machismo, which can be both a show-offy radiance and a kind of shade-a safe, sheltering rock for a man to hide behind.
Instead of celebrating the heel, it tries to turn Durán into the babyface. The movie isn't as bad as the Usher song over the credits, but it's close.
A film that can't decide whether it wants to be "Raging Bull" or "Remember the Titans." In the end, it's a little too much of both.
Like a promising boxer before the training: jumpy, quick to hit, loaded with potential, but too unruly to go the distance.
A touching, revisionist tale of redemption presenting the sensitive side of a pulverizing pugilist.
A sticky piece of cornball that keeps pulling its punches.
The film works as well as it does on the strength of its acting. DeNiro is in fine, grounded form, and his verbal sparring with Ramírez, [et al]...elevates the film, the overlapping dialogue highly effective in infusing naturalistic energy.
To watch Ramirez and DeNiro spar in the boxing biopic Hands of Stone -- the story of Panamanian fighter Roberto Duran and his aging American trainer Ray Arcel -- is to revel in two nimble performers striking with power and clarity.
The boxing biopic Hands of Stone is punch-drunk when it comes to figuring out who's the real star contender.
As subtle and welcome as a blow to the head.
The Panamanian-born Roberto Duran's story has all the makings of a fascinating film, but Hands of Stone isn't it.
A solid boxing B-movie with A-picture performances
Gets the job done, but it's hard to escape the feeling that you're watching a routinely conceived, rather generic boxing flick. It's utterly competent, yet it makes Duran's story seem a little so-what?

@highlight

Hands of Stone 's strong cast and fascinating real-life story aren't enough to compensate for a crowded narrative and formulaic script.