[Sunshine] delivers the visually incarnate truth of the universe's mysticism.
In an age of technical advancements when filmmakers have circumvented ideas for synthetic visual thrills, here is a movie that plays like some decisive, brilliant rebellion to that pattern.
Don't pack a tube of SPF 50 to the theater; bring a can of Jolt or a double espresso.
"Sunshine's" mostly cerebral adventure into unquantifiable science and human nature makes its huh-what conclusion more forgivable. Loopy as it gets, once the Icarus II sets a course for the heart of the sun, "Sunshine" becomes a head-trip and a half.
Sunshine is a fantastically enjoyable film that works our minds, delights our senses and shows that futuristic science fiction can be serious drama rather than mere popcorn fodder.
Garland and Boyle are nothing if not ambitious. They want us to consider the Big Questions about the importance of mankind as well as science versus fundamentalism.
A barely noticeable eclipse next to the poetry of Woman in the Moon and Mission to Mars
Leaves a lot to be desired from the standpoint of plot, character development and scientific credibility.
Nothing anyone does makes much sense, but gad, is it ever gorgeous.
not crammed with excitement, but it is thoroughly engrossing
a visually striking film that uses the expected elements of the science fiction genre to create memorable, sometimes mesmerizing images
Sunshine is remarkable for the technical virtuosity with which it creates life on a space vehicle and the cosmos around it.
The closer he gets to the sun, the more Boyle loses his nerve, reducing a tense, unpredictable thriller to a needlessly bloody, pseudo-spiritual mess.
Sunshine belongs to that select group of science-fiction films that care more about the science than the fiction.
Rarely do we get to enjoy such complex, adult characters, realistic dialogue and stunning imagery in the fantastic genres.
A decent science-fiction movie which despite its solid overall production would surely have been a lot better had the momentum and ethereal quality of its first two acts been smoothly transitioned into the finale.
Sunshine doesn't just crash and burn; it blisters like the solar-obsessed Searle until there's nothing left but a pile of dust.
Unlike the films of Kubrick, Tarkovsky and Scott, Sunshine is empty of ideas. So Boyle fills the void with sound.
Boyle and his cast set the controls to the heart of the sun and drive the interstellar pilgrimage beyond the dubious science and rickety story line with magnificent imagery and a gravity that pulls you in.
It may, at the very end, be a failure, but it's a glorious failure.
Danny Boyle's sci-fi thriller is enjoyable, well acted and packed with references throughout although it abandons its fascinating premise for a disappointingly conventional finale.
The picture would be nothing, an incomplete Venn diagram, without Murphy.
Visually rich and yet cold and claustrophobic.
This is Sci-fi at its proudest; an incredible achievement that reminds us why Danny Boyle is the best British director working today.
Une oeuvre magnifique, mais excessivement tourmentée
An underrated and utterly excellent installment from Boyle who continues topping himself...
One of the most inventive and fascinating science-fiction films in decades.
The blend of humanity -- frailty, ego, idealism, guilt and the capacity for self-sacrifice -- is presented in great complexity.
Imagining the universe through one man's eyes, the movie uses Murphy's brilliant blue eyes and seductive androgyny to set a starting point, both luminous and uncanny. From here, Sunshine suggests vision is ever mutable.
You just want to shake the filmmakers by the shoulders and yell, "You have a damaged spaceship loaded with nuclear weapons speeding straight into the heart of the sun. Really, that's not enough drama for you?"
Despite referencing endless other better sci-fi films, Sunshine is its own glowing creation. Danny Boyle's visual talent and a terrific cast elevate the mundane aspects of the script.
The characters aren't much like real astronauts, but this is a price worth paying to shed light on the topic of rising to the occasion or crumbling in response to extremes.
Sunshine ...borrows liberally from 2001: A Space Odyssey and Alien, with accents of Outland, Solaris and Saturn 3.
Boyle and company start out with a smoothly claustrophobic space adventure, take a dark right turn into disaster territory, and end up squarely in a horror story. I enjoyed the trip.
The whole of Sunshine does not live up to the enthralling, provocative final act, but it is science-fiction that cares about ideas over special effects.
...hard to understand what's going on and who's who, but it is directed with such style by Danny Boyle that it is not possible to not be involved.
While Sunshine echoes some previous films, especially 2001: A Space Odyssey and Alien, Danny Boyle imprints his distinctive mark. This visionary director from Manchester, England, may be on his way to being one of moviemaking's greats
The brilliant production design and convincing special effects (which eschew the CGI slickness of most Hollywood productions) make up for a confused final act.
As with last year's The Fountain, the likewise leisurely paced Sunshine employs dazzling visual effects in the service of an ambitious and heady undertaking whose philosophical reach attempts to exceed its narrative grasp.
A movie that Carl Sagan would have liked.
operates on the level of pure entertainment even as it asks the big questions about the meaning of existence and challenges every assumption, including what constitutes a happy ending
While the scope is inter-planetary, it always gets down to the behavioral clashes among human (and/or non-human) species trapped in a confined space.
...science fiction for people who like to think as well as experience a sense of wonder.
"Sunshine" is a sight for sore eyes.
At once one of the best and worst films of the year.
(W)hat Boyle and Garland accomplish here is nothing short of a miracle.They manage to allude to previous motion pictures and yet make the riffs and references seem wholly their own.
After a mesmerizing first hour, the film implodes so quickly our sputtering sun can barely keep pace.
The film's gravest narrative misstep is a latter-reel development that moves it specifically, and arbitrarily, into horror-movie territory.
Cluttered storytelling undermines Sunshine.
On sci-fi's crowded table Boyle serves a fresh feast for our eyes, minds and hearts.
Sunshine, if a fireball, is one that warns us yet again of the danger of flying too close to the sun.
For Mr. Boyle, a Swiss Army knife of a filmmaker, there's always something new.
Steven Soderbergh had his emotionally constipated Solaris, and now Boyle has this long night's journey into day.
There's a near-tactile pleasure to the special effects in Sunshine that is uncommon in this era of CGI imagery.
Problems arise in the film's third act...and the film doesn't recover.
Sunshine does not achieve the unity of theme or abstract totality of 2001 (which remains the gold standard for the genre), but it does effectively grapple with provocative questions of morality and spirituality.
The spaceship sequences are done entirely with computer-generated images, but the contrast between darkness and light provides the tactile feel of old-fashioned visual effects.
Boyle has always been exceptionally good at creating suspense... and he succeeds again here, incorporating tight close-ups, sometimes distorted sound and a series of striking visuals into a wondrously warped picture.
More compelling and engrossing than any sci-fi film of the last few years.
"Sunshine" is 90% a great film, a believable and intriguing meditation on life, the human spirit and how far some people are willing to go for the betterment of all mankind.
Why else would the film introduce a completely unexplained Alien-ish element two-thirds of the way through and just ask you to roll with it? Because you need more ambiguity in your life, that's why.
For two thirds of the film, Sunshine has a lot to offer. If only Boyle and Garland could rein in their worst instincts, what a movie they might make.
The first two thirds are really something special.
A sci-fi snoozer that will remind one of another such pretentious dud, Solaris, Steven Soderbergh's 2002 fiasco starring George Clooney.
Other movies may explore the depths of outer space. This movie explores the shallows.
The knockout trailer promised a masterpiece. It's not that, but it is entertaining.
At a certain point, like a dying star about to pop into eternal nothingness, the movie can't be seen as anything -- it just implodes.
Sunshine comes with the promise of 2001: A Space Odyssey, as imagined by Danny Boyle. Even as Armageddon as imagined by Danny Boyle, it doesn't disappoint.
Sunshine quickly fades from near-brilliance to dim potboiler.
It is a great-looking but dramatically flat bit of star lore docked at the inner shores of the galaxy, rather than its outer limits.
Around the hour mark, the movie takes a turn for the worse. Not to give too much away, but it pretty much turns into a dumber, gory thriller.
As long as the picture maintains a philosophical distance, there is about it a magisterial, ravishing loveliness.
Not as good as you'd expect, but with Boyle expectations are almost unfairly high.
Beam yourselves aboard Sunshine, set 50 years in the future. The voyage works, beautifully.
Sooner or later, the plot has to voyage into the unknown. And while leaps of faith are technically easier in space because of that whole gravity thing, they're rarely a thing of grace in the movie theater.
The term "visionary" gets batted around a lot when it comes to the sci-fi genre, but in its final, blazing moments, Boyle's dazzling, triphoppy space opera comes closer than most.
Fascinating thought-provoking religious-psychological sci-fi thriller.
The picture brings a new visual dimension to the sci-fi genre.
an odyssey of stupidity with one bad decision piling on another.
A sometimes dazzling, but ultimately disappointing futuristic mind-game.
It's compelling stuff, an apocalyptic tale about people who understand the fragility of human existence.
The film is nonsense, and what counts is whether viewers will feel able to lay aside their logical complaints and bask in what remains: a trip in search of a tan.
...a mesmerizing and thoroughly captivating piece of work.
Boyle gives us sci-fi razzle-dazzle and some undeniably powerful images, but as effective as it is for an hour or so, Sunshine ultimately settles for puzzling more than mysterious.
A moody, classy, skin-deep sci-fi piece—"Sunshine" gets enough right to please genre buffs.
A fictional Apollo 13
While the final result isn't entirely cloud-free, there's still enough silver lining to make this trip to the sun worthwhile.
Intense and enthralling...director Danny Boyle has crafted a different breed of summer thriller that delivers on all levels.
A gorgeously crafted intergalactic saga sorely lacking in originality or profundity.
As a pure cinematic experience, it's exhilaratingly, brutally beautiful.
The pressure to save mankind is enormous, and our attention grows as the tension mounts. Light is used in haunting and powerful ways throughout. But as the film ultimately deviates from its course, the entire undertaking suffers.
But what this spectacular-looking sci-fi thriller lacks in originality it makes up for in pure beauty: It just might be the most visually audacious and startlingly beautiful space opera since the original Solaris.
Sunshine -- despite a title so at odds with the film's tone -- is engrossing, believable and intelligent sci-fi filmmaking at its best.
This is a meticulously constructed story that presents its characters with a series of exponentially more complex moral and practical dilemmas as gripping as the perilous situations that threaten the mission.
The overall effect is the creation of something truly unbearable -- and the curious thing is that this unbearableness is apparent from the first portentous voice-over 30 seconds into the film.
Sunshine is also an atypically humorless entry from Boyle, who's never made a film this oddly devoid of personality.
Every frame wows with exquisite arrangements of light and color; each of the characters' choices is packed with a sense of consequence and urgency that makes us feel as if we're frittering away our lives by comparison.
So what starts out as fascinating sci-fi becomes just fi, and winds up pulp fi.
Who cares? The characters are so sketchily drawn that it's hard to keep them straight, let alone get worked up about their survival.
The experience of watching Sunshine is one of nearly relentless tension, a sticky-palmed dread that takes on literally cosmic proportions as the story progresses.
We don't know if we're watching a thriller or a sci-fi parable, a utopian dream or a deeply cynical nightmare. But in the end, it may not matter. The whole thing burns out well before the director reaches his final destination.
By the time it reaches its confusing, strobe-lit and confoundingly cut climax, Sunshine has turned from 2001-style, mind-expanding psychedelia into one immensely bad trip.
While the film has far more emotional life than the genre usually offers, it doesn't lack for action, and it's a thinking-man's sort of action, at that.
...there's also something old-fashioned about Sunshine's sensibility. Maybe it's because it seems to have a genuine curiosity about science, rather than the usual desperate grab for some asteroids hurtling toward Earth.
Boyle's spiritual and metaphysical musings intertwine neatly with his pop sensibility, imbuing this with an art-house intelligence without diluting its summer blockbuster appeal.
...science-fiction fans will like it, and also brainiacs, and those who sometimes look at the sky and think, man, there's a lot going on up there, and we can't even define precisely what a soliton is.
If their [Boyle and Garland] movie doesn't float your boat as a work of science-fiction, action, philosophy, heliocentrism, or staggering visual spectacle (although, it really should), then it certainly succeeds as a parable for cinematic ambition.
As the ship moves closer to the Sun, and people and things begin to fall apart, Mr. Doyle and his screenwriter, Alex Garland, goose their science fiction with action- and horror-genre beats, increasingly turning up the chills and thrills.
If you go in expecting another 'Aliens' you're likely to feel burned. This modestly produced tale is about cerebral and thoughtful as the science fiction action genre gets.Boyle's ambitious film bites off more than it can chew.
There is nothing new under the sun, but at least the talented Boyle still brings the heat.
A sci-fi fiasco that wants to be the new 2001 but instead manages to be as silly as Armageddon and as solemnly pretentious as Solaris.
It's a baffling bouillabaisse of moods and fears, but it's a persuasive creation, most confident when it isn't being pressed for answers.
However, the rest of the film is so strong and so sure that I still feel somewhat comfortable in recommending it as a whole despite my reservations about the conclusion.
It retains a power it rightfully earned, not faltering enough to fully squander it.
While its first two acts earn their advancement through the course of time, its final 25 minutes set it back to prehistoric times and I just can't throw it a bone.
Sunshine is a sight to be seen. But it is also more.
Sunshine will appeal to the many science fiction fans out there and offers a believably wrought tale steeped in science fact.
Brightness has never seemed as menacing as it does in Sunshine, the nail-bitingly tense science-fiction thriller.
Danny Boyle gets some tension going, and, as the crew members are eliminated one by one, a cosmic despair sets in.
Near-classic modern science fiction.
...the most ravishingly atmospheric movie I've seen all year. This is not primarily a look-at-my-gizmos dog-and-pony show, though Boyle does amazing things with light to create a self-contained world trapped in space.
Bears the mark of all really good sci-fi flicks: After you see it, the world just doesn't look the same.
With an intriguing premise, stellar visuals and an ending that spirals out of control, genre-jumper Danny Boyle's sci-fi effort is familiar without being dull.
Flickers of incoherence serve as foreshadowing for the chaotic climax, which doesn't resemble Kubrick's 2001: A Space Odyssey as much as it does The Shining.
Sunshine has a more ethereal look than the average science fiction movie but, considering the subject matter, it works.
While the unfathomable burning brightness of the sun bathes the whole picture in flashes of cinematic dazzle, Boyle and his team ground the story in details chosen for their sophisticated, underplayed authenticity.
As with 28 Days Later, [director Danny] Boyle makes Sunshine almost literally unwatchable.
What starts out as a fairly worthy attempt to make a 2001 or Solaris for the new millennium winds up being just another overblown genre film.
Funny thing is, Sunshine works despite feeling both over-familiar and over-ambitious.
The early intensity of Sunshine wanes in the third act. The film becomes a ferocious jumble, and rather than a supernova finish, it winks out amid stale New Age notions of the continuity of life and connectedness of all things.
Though it takes its principal cues from an earlier tradition, it panders to no one in terms of its own vision.
Goes from 2001-style contemplative science-fiction to more action-driven sci-fi as perfected by James Cameron to, for better or worse, horror.
The first hour and change is gangbusters, the last part unnerving enough to get by.
Danny Boyle doesn't reinvent or break new ground, but he's created a beautiful and haunting film that sticks in your brain for some time.
Reminiscent of scary/spacey dramas like 2001: A Space Odyssey, Solaris, and Alien, this flick doesn't break any new ground. However, the acting is beyond reproach and the characters are as textured and layered as in any fully-realized drama.
Stunning, gripping and adventurous, giving new meaning to The Big Bang.
In a bold attempt to create a fresh update on the ever-flagging sci-fi movie genre, director Danny Boyle achieves a visually stunning cinematic poem that is as bewitching as it is infuriating for its dependence on genre cliches.
Though well-produced and dealing with unexplored idea, this blend of sci-fi and horror feels more like a contrived summation of generic conventions, borrowing and reinveting from classics by Kubrick, Scott and others, with a bizarre, incongruous ending.
Call it sci-fi yoga and enjoy it as an appetizer to Solaris.
Awesome CGI, cliched human drama.
Like the films it grandly and unabashedly pays homage to, Sunshine is serious science fiction for those who prefer to think of space's real possibilities rather than escape into fantasy.
In essence, Boyle chooses not to embrace the sci-fi genre; he tries to rise above it as if it weren't worthy of him.
Despite all that talent on display, Sunshine is a philosophical blank slate.
Lots of advance reviews have complained that the film falls apart at the end, which I don't buy at all.
Rarely has the apocalypse been so inviting.
Sunshine is canny enough to avoid being reducible to the sum of its parts, and finds a perfect balance between claustrophobic thrills and eye-goggling awe.
So what if Kubrick already said it all? Set the controls for the heart of the sun anyway.
Sunshine achieves a level of plausibility that, while still taking some poetic license, allows the viewer to appreciate not only the filmmakers' craft but their ideas.
Cria uma excepcional atmosfera de tensão crescente, fragilizando-se apenas em seu terceiro ato graças ao péssimo vilão. E sua discussão teológica e filosófica revela-se boba e superficial. Por outro lado, as atuações e os efeitos visuais são impecáveis.
Brilliantly mixes eye-popping effects and edge-of-your-seat action to make this sci-fi scorcher the hottest ticket around.
Sunshine is dazzling, but not quite a blinder - your eyeballs may be singed, but don't expect any long-lasting effects on your cosmic consciousness.
Stunning sequences and gobsmacking Nasa-graphic visuals which are destined to be shown on giant Imax screens around the country.
The only thing more dazzling than the angry star throbbing at the centre of our dying solar system is the production design on Danny Boyle's visually arresting sci-fi picture.
A blazingly intense sci-fi thriller and a blinding visual experience.
The idea is to send you out perplexed, but chattering over possible solutions, but the salty authenticity that made it so rich is lost in space, and a superb sci-fi movie becomes merely a very decent one.
Sci-fi spectacle meets intimate drama. Murphy leads a strong ensemble cast as Boyle nails yet another genre.
It's in the relationship between the crew and the sun that 'Sunshine' really shines.
Aside from a last-act blip when everything goes a little bit "what the hell?", this is a knuckle-gnawingly tense, glorious action thriller and marks yet another genre nailed by Danny Boyle.
A wonderfully visual sci-fi thriller, taut with tension and spectacular special effects. My only reservation lies in the twist that reveals itself about 40 minutes before the end, which takes it into precariously ho-hum territory.
An extraordinary film, operating simultaneously at visceral, psychological and spiritual levels as it takes us on a voyage into space with the fate of mankind at stake.
The narrative is, like all of Garland's work, a series of contrived plot points leading to an insane conclusion.
Like a collapsing star, Sunshine initially burns brightly but finally implodes into a dramatic black hole.
If you were expecting Danny Boyle to do for sci-fi what he did for the zombie flick with 28 Days Later, then you'd be disappointed . . .





@highlight

Danny Boyle continues his descent into mind-twisting sci-fi madness, taking us along for the ride. Sunshine fulfills the dual requisite necessary to become classic sci-fi: dazzling visuals with intelligent action.