What began as something more (less) or less (more) original has lost its surprise... [Full review in Spanish]
It's one of the worst films of the year, and if there's never another iteration or spin off the franchise it will be about four movies too soon
PARANORMAL ACTIVITY: THE GHOST DIMENSION does what every other movie in the franchise has failed to do--tell a story.
Paranormal Activity's shtick has clearly run its course.
As far as the greatly anticipated reveals, they're a little underwhelming too, although sure to give fans the payoff they need so they can put this franchise to bed.
The scares only happen at the very end. All in all, Ghost Dimension does not really deliver the excitement that horror film fans seek.
This movie can go to hell.
As the supposed last entry to the multimillion dollar haunted-house-found-footage franchise created by Oren Peli back in 2007, Paranormal Activity: The Ghost Dimension is surprisingly indifferent and unsurprisingly ineffective.
The film is Blumhouse through and through, preferencing technical innovation and ingenuity over big budgets.
It's sad to see a series that started with such a bang go out with such a whimper. But it's better than wringing a seventh movie from this tired old formula.
Longtime series editor Gregory Plotkin finally directs, giving us bravura jump cuts spliced for maximum humor and dread.
What once was a chilling spectacle of a series has become an unimaginative and tedious mess.
Presented in 3D, the special effects are more elaborate than usual, but the regressive/provocative idea that filmmaking and film-watching open windows on unhealthy influences (especially among the young) remains undeveloped.
At no point does anyone say, "put down the camera, bro. You're freaking me out." When do they think they're going to watch this stuff back? "Hey, let's crack open a few beers and watch those old tapes of us watching those old tapes." I can't see it.
A film full of jumpscares, the ending is not surprising at all, the only good thing about it is the 3D. [Full review in Spanish]
One of the most empty films ever to appear in a genre that has gone stale. [Full review in Spanish]
Paranormal Activity: The Ghost Dimension hits creative rock bottom... The absence of legitimate suspense creates an atmosphere of unintentional comedy throughout.
...it's ultimately difficult to recall a franchise that so completely failed to stick the landing.
Far and away, the best thing about this latest is the claim that this is the last of the Paranormal series. I can think of no better Halloween treat -- assuming it's true.
Feels like parts four and "The Marked Ones": Just one big missed opportunity.
Just isn't scary.
You've seen all this before, so much so that very little of it results in the actual jump-out-of-your-seat shocks that peppered the previous five films.
Is this truly the end of the Paranormal Activitys??? Well, let's hope so.
Paranormal Activity: The Ghost Dimension plays as dumb as the title sounds.
Ugly, ineptly written, clumsily acted. Ugh.
Just ask someone you know to put a sheet over their head and suddenly run at you. It's far cheaper and much more memorable than the grainy gimmick being pushed by The Ghost Dimension.
As a regular viewer of the franchise, I was especially happy to see the refrigerator-door gag make an appearance this time around, and once again not pay off. Gotta hold something back for the seventh one.
The 3D sequences work... The problem is that they're too brief and nothing else happens in pretty much the whole movie. [Full review in Spanish]
A horrible script that tries too hard to tie all the loose ends from previous entries in a completely boring film. [Full review in Spanish]
Paranormal Activity says goodbye with a sloppy entrance into the franchise, one that's far from the original concept. [Full review in Spanish]
In the end the movie falls short, the formula doesn't work anymore and they missed the opportunity to take full advantage of the 3D cheapening it by reducing it to jumpsacres. [Full review in Spanish]
Such a tepid failure that it triggers catcalls from paying audiences.
If this is the last in the series, then the franchise has succeeded in going out with a bang - a bunch of them, actually, and at least a couple should have you involuntarily twitching in your seat.
Those seeking closure to what continuity there has been will go home mostly disappointed.
Idiotic, not really in 3D, a ripoff.
If only Ghost Dimension spent more time in the ghost dimension and less time in the people dimension, we might have had something.
If 'The Ghost Dimension' confirms anything it's that better effects don't mean squat when you're fresh out of ideas.
This series jumped the shark - maybe that should be jumped the dark? - following its not-bad third chapter.
If we're lucky, the producers will keep their promise not to make any more.
At its most basic level, the "Paranormal Activity" formula still has some kick, with its combination of creepy lo-fi video and tasteful suburbia creating some strong, unsettling dissonance.
The film doesn't build tension. It just repeats the same beats over and over again. (Full Content Review - Sex, Violence, Profanity, etc. - for Parents also available)
In spite of connections to the ongoing series saga, Paranormal Activity: The Ghost Dimension could easily be mistaken for an Asylum B-movie knockoff.
Even the most dedicated fan will find this a soporific conclusion to a series that has been careening downhill since the first installment and now reaches a dead end in more ways than one.
The Ghost Dimension has a great gimmick, but offers not-so-great closure for the series.
Offers unrepentant creative bankruptcy and a shocking disregard for viewer intelligence.
A shameless bad attempt to squeeze every last penny of this low budget franchise. [Full review in Spanish]
A good excuse to have a date at the movies in these Halloween times. [Full review in Spanish]
The best part of The Ghost Dimension is that there will be no more Paranormal Activity movies. [Full review in Spanish]
Even at this late stage in the evolution of the franchise, logical lapses in filmmaking technique undercut the integrity of the found-footage format, but continuity was never one of the series' strong points, a shortcoming easily forgiven by fans.
Looking for a good horror movie to watch this Halloween? Check out Crimson Peak.
Paranormal Activity: Ghost Dimension is definitely not the ending we deserve to one of this generation's longest-running ghost/witch/demon narratives.
We've got this movie's number and it's definitely not 666.
The sixth time is not the charm with this load of hooey that tries to make up for its lack of legitimate scares or basic narrative clarity by adding the alleged miracle of 3-D into the mix.
Yet another boring, creativity-lacking sequel.
Sure I've had my moments of enjoyment with PARANORMAL ACTIVITY, but this "final chapter" adds nothing interesting to the fading franchise.
The Ghost Dimension isn't so much scary as it is aggressive, constantly assaulting viewers with sudden monsters and loud noises.
The whole Paranormal Activity series probably ran its course a couple movies back, but that doesn't stop capitalism from churning!
This sequel does its job well enough, but it's probably time for all involved to give up the ghost.
One would have to trawl through the deepest recesses of Romanian art cinema to find a film with as many static, silent shots of empty rooms and unfurnished hallways.
The actors predominantly convince and the film dutifully delivers the requisite scares, but nothing new is added to the mythology of the franchise ...
The sort of scary that's only fun in a crowded room, where the law of averages demands that at least one or two people aren't horror movie junkies and will jump at just about anything.
The Ghost Dimension is the final Paranormal Activity like The Final Chapter was the last Friday the 13th.
These jump scares are so utterly predictable that they might as well be heralded on-screen with a bouncing ball and an appearance by the Oogieloves.
SPOILER ALERT: Toby looks like every other horror movie demon. And The Ghost Dimension just looks like every other horror movie.
Here it is. The one you've been asking for. Unfortunately that doesn't mean what you're getting will be good or even what you wanted.
There was a fleeting time when "Paranormal Activity" was the hottest ticket around for the Halloween movie season, a time capsule hitting the bull's-eye of a particular cultural and cinematic zeitgeist. The magic they once held, sadly, is no more.
Again, it's a test of one's tolerance for watching predominantly empty frames - the anonymous performers scarcely count - in the hope something will jolt us from mounting tedium.
After eight years and six instalments Paranormal Activity has indeed finally run its course. Be [thankful] that the series goes out with a bang rather than a whimper.
Although Ghost Dimension offers the series' fans some sort of closure it's all a bit limp and lame and can't offer up even the mildest of scares.
Ghost Dimension falls well short of the mark.
Cheap, lazy, and limited by its slavish adherence to the found-footage trope. Bonus: features the most cynical use ever of 3D to boost cinema ticket prices.
That's no way to creep people out, folks.

@highlight

Paranormal Activity: The Ghost Dimension ties up some of the franchise's lingering questions, but six films into the series, the thrills are mostly gone.