Good acting saves unoriginal Cinderella story.
...generally remains a cut above the majority of its contemporary romcom brethren - with the dreaded fake break-up handled particularly well (the second fake break-up is kind of pushing it, though).
A Royal Letdown.
the script and Martha Coolidge direction are so play-it-safe formulaic that the film lacks fairy-tale luster. It's as predictable as an Elvis movie-without the music.
As pleasing as The Prince & Me can be, director Martha Coolidge's film delivers nothing to advance the genre.
This attempt at a modern-day Cinderella story is about as PC as a Career Girl Barbie and disappoints due to poor structure, flimsy characterisation and insufficient wit to distract from the above.
Julia Stiles is sweet in this charming, but unfulfilling, rom-com.
A woeful and predictable outing for Cinders and an impossibly twitty prince
A shallow exercise in wish-fulfilment that wants to have its royal wedding cake and eat it too.
A mocinha não precisava ser Ph.D em Dramaturgia, é claro, mas tampouco deveria ser retratada como alguém com Q.I. inferior ao de Forrest Gump.
Pure fairy tale, but it's also charming enough to win us over in the end.
Coolidge wisely works within the confines of the romantic comedy genre and delivers a quality experience.
It's exactly the kind of movie you want it to be. Rent it with your best girlfriends on a blustery spring afternoon.
To wed or not to wed, that is the royal question. You won't need to know Shakespeare to guess the answer, only Hollywood.
Director Martha Coolidge brings us a wonderful romantic comedy.
Cinderella for households where Mom and Dad both work.
Their romance has the delightful walking-in-another-person's-shoes ambience of the 1953 Gregory Peck-Audrey Hepburn classic Roman Holiday
Note to American screenwriters: The whole world isn't as mammary mad as the U.S. Some people have actually seen breasts -- and not just on half-time shows with Janet Jackson.
Julia Stiles is adorable, and she's very easy to empathize with
...a dry and brittle comedy...
This isn't a royal treatment of the Cinderella story - it's just average.
Excruciatingly predictable.
Paige eventually comes to a self-affirming decision, but the Danish interlude succeeds too well in making us feel her boredom.
Something's rotten in Denmark: this movie.
... thumbs down for me ...
Contrived, unconvincing, and formulaic. Shame.
The Prince & Me proves that the "opposites attract" genre of romantic comedy is an all but dead convention.
. . . feels more practical than whimsical, more politically correct than sweep-you-off-your-feet romantic.
The ending, plain and simple, cheapens all that has come before.
The characters lack consistency; they are manipulated like puppets merely to serve the whims of the writers.
Stiles is a smart, beautiful, mature actress who has demonstrated a keen taste in projects in the past--note her much-admired rather minor role in the smart thriller The Bourne Identity. She's better than this.
...and the obvious takes it's inevitable course. Yadda yadda yadda.
It is really two movies in one, and both are sub-par.
The primary plot strands in the screenplay were well-worn when Sigmund Romberg composed his operetta 'The Student Prince' 80 years ago...
Romeo and Juliet, this ain't.
Nothing is new about the movie's premise, but it is entertaining all the same.
Bland and immediately disposable.
Even its pre-teen audience could use a bit more quirkiness and a little less formula.
Even the teens at whom this plodding and predictable romantic comedy is clearly aimed are unlikely to be swept away by its contrivances.
The sound you hear is the death rattle of the women's movement.
It's yet another well-meaning story about following both your heart and your dream, occasionally sweet yet overly familiar and overlong.
As pleasant to watch as a fairy tale, but it's smarter than a fairy tale.
I guess the 'real' part is that the heroine here isn't a simp as she was in, say, Cinderella, and the handsome prince is no longer that handsome and no longer behaves in a princely manner.
There's not one moment that's even vaguely fresh or original in the screenplay, which blithely dispenses with anything resembling logic or plausibility, not to mention wit and heart.
The script puts the two characters through their paces. Blandly.
The realism clashes with the princess-fantasy story.
Dimwitted.
Sappily-ever-after fairy tale.
Sweet, amiable and often unexpectedly funny.
Interminable and hackneyed fairy tale.
Wanders around in a state of creative lassitude and finally collapses in an ending that smells suspiciously of market-testing.
It may be rife with cliches, but the romantic comedy The Prince & Me is still a royal treat.
A predictable exercise in boy-girl mush amid royalty's seductions.
There isn't a scrap that doesn't manage to come across with the predictable thud of a newspaper hitting the porch each morning.
Scenes that are supposed to be lyrical lie limp; chemistry that is designed to be sparked remains dormant; jokes that are meant to be bright stay dim.
There's quite a bit of the seen-it, done-it syndrome here.
A movie that mixes contrivance and charm in ways that are genial but all too predictable.
The Prince & Me has the materials to be a heartwarming mass-market love story, but it doesn't assemble them convincingly.
This is a smart piece of revisionist fluff that dares to question what happens after the royal honeymoon is over.
Stiles looks mildly annoyed by the whole exercise, as if she thought this feather-light material was beneath her ample acting talents.
Those easily distracted by escapist romances may find it lightly entertaining.
Delivers the most important thing we ask of a romantic comedy, a charming couple played by charming actors.
A lesson, ladies: Sometimes a frog is just... a frog. Toss this baby back in the pond, sweetheart.
It's a 'chick-flick training film' for all the young girls who want to grow up with romantic comedies.
Director Martha Coolidge and her team of writers begin jumping through hoops trying to come up with a satisfying fairy-tale ending.
Most who see this will just want to see a princess movie, and a solid one is what they'll get.
...an average, formulaic movie that is full of whimsical charm for the first hour, then goes off in a disastrous direction for the second hour.
The Prince & Me is made for starry-eyed 14-year-old girls, undemanding Moms and kindhearted Grannies. Each demographic deserves just a little bit better by this point.
Yet another duller-than-golf Hollywood Rom-Com with about 20 possible endings, all of which we get to see.
The writing never rises above the level of a so-so TV pilot, and Martha Coolidge's direction lacks inspiration.
Despite a few magic moments, the rest of the film feels stale.
It's pleasant enough, but lacks the spark to make it memorable.
Someday your Prince will come, and, if you're lucky, he'll be smarter than this movie.
A unique, new perspective, despite a weak script, filled with cheesy one-liners and a clichéd conclusion.
[Stiles and Mably are] so appealing you forgive the film for having too many cliches and even more endings.
It takes so long to find its own bliss that it ends up being more like The Never-ending Love Story.
You might say that when it comes to misfires, this Prince rules.
By the time we have to sit through a scene of Paige trying on all the Crown jewels, they have long since run out of ideas.
Utterly predictable...utterly charming
Not an ideal romantic comedy, but at least its cliches are benign ... and at least it has the talented, appealing Stiles.
This is a fairy tale in desperate need of some better magic.
The first half, focusing on Paige's more sensible world, works better than the second, which, despite its precision and attention to etiquette and royal detail, feels heavy and false.
A blandly diverting, chastely conceived and grammatically challenged fairy tale for our bland, chaste and grammatically challenged age.
This soggy contemporary fairy tale is a cinematic cream puff with a melted marshmallow inside it.
For the most part, the prettily photographed The Prince & Me is disposable.
A random approach to the much-abused Cinderella tale, offering up a series of implausible events leading to a pat conclusion.
Two vibrant performances by Luke Mably and Julia Stiles don't compensate for the wobbly screenplay and predictable finale.
Naturally in a Hollywood movie, any independent woman with no interest in marriage has to be in love and engaged by the end of the film.
The wonderful chemistry between Stiles and Mably is a joy to behold.
Take it on its own terms and you'll find it as endearing as the Prince and Princess Charming it's about.
The conventional romantic frou-frou -- replete with oppressively alternative singer-songwriter ballads with their plot-mortar lyrics -- ratchets everything down to the level of brain-death.
Julia Stiles is such a fetching actress that her sincerity camouflages make-believe better than anything you can buy at Bergdorf's.
A fairy tale that viewers outside its target audience are likely to find corny and clichéd.
A movie that looks like a cosmetics ad and often sounds like one, too.
Stiles is simply delightful.
It's a fairy tale in the best sense of the word, though the movie is far too hip and Julia Stiles' Paige too independent the heroine for any pat, happily-ever-after endings.
Some scenes are downright insulting to viewers over the age of ten.
It is impossible to believe that such a bland film could have been made by Martha Coolidge, whose previous credits have included 'Valley Girl' and 'Real Genius'.
It's not torture, it's actually sort of fun for long stretches--a shame that The Prince & Me squanders all that good will in its desire to be ordinary.
Falls, finally and irrevocably, flat.
Naive wish-fulfillment fantasy of surface charm.
Sends shivers down my spine. And not the good kind.
There's only one way The Prince and Me could be any worse - it could have starred Kate Hudson.
It's easy enough to recommend The Prince & Me as a romantic comedy. The movie wants to be more than that, but the muddled way in which it divulges its themes occasionally makes it suffer from a split personality.
Fitful corny one-liners and an ambiguous climax can be overlooked due to fresh scripting and the vast appeal of Julia Stiles and newcomer Luke Mably.
Totally cliched and nearly two hours long, pic takes forever to get to hopelessly obvious places.
An unremarkable romantic comedy that gives short shrift to both romance and comedy.
Something is rotten in the state of Denmark--and it's this movie, a flyweight romantic comedy.
The minefield of clichés is traversed quite satisfactorily, leaving us with a movie that's far better than its lame premise would lead us to expect.
This surprisingly intelligent dramedy is largely hung-up on facades and is critical of misogynistic fairy tales promised to young girls.
churns suds like an industrial washing machine spiffing up 100 pounds of bland










@highlight

A bland, fluffy, and predictable bit of wish fulfillment.