Extraordinary showpiece of the beauty of Lebanese cinema. [Full review in Spanish]
Caramel doesn't have any geopolitical pretensions. It just wants to show that beauty and friendship are universal.
Caramel is filled with more dignity, class, and realism than a Sex and the City could ever muster.
A chick flick form Lebanon, this film has some charm
It's one of the best films about women you're likely to see this year.
Many films these days celebrate female solidarity. Post-feminism, it's almost obligatory. But very few do it as convincingly, and with such style.
Taken together, the women tell a universal story about the beauty and battles of daily life.
Labaki, who co-wrote the film and also stars, maintains a knowing comic tone throughout.
The result is a sweet, but certainly not cloying, film about relationships in modern Beirut %u2013 the city to which Labaki dedicates her film.
This vibrant and intricate look at the lives of five women in Beirut is tantalisingly sweet as the title suggests. There are themes within the themes and the various stories intersect with compelling fluidity
Ritual and rebellion collide in this bittersweet confection casting a rare gaze upon the pleasures, sorrows, dreams and sexual desires of Arab women in the Middle East.
Although the film isn't chatty and people are just a little too soap opera-ish photogenic, the film is often understated enough to charm. Small, tender scenes and little details make Caramel a nice, light passing fancy.
Un cálido y entrañable retrato de mujeres, sus historias personales y sus conflictos, en el marco de una sociedad a medio camino entre la modernidad y las tradiciones. Una verdadera revelación.
[A]s smart and heartfelt as it is observant about the universalities of the lives of women...
A 34-year-old music-video director, Labaki shows promise with a smooth, artistic eye, although she succumbs to the Mel Gibson-like tendency to give herself the most closeups.
It's smart, funny and, of course, sweet.
Caramel is a bittersweet treat.
Wistful tale of friendship and solidarity.
Delightful.
It would be easy to categorize the Lebanese women's picture Caramel as a Levantine combination of Sex in the City and Beauty Shop, but it's actually a lot smarter, sharper and deeper than that.
A formulaic sisters-are-doing-it-for-themselves (and doing each other's hair) ensemble drama in the manner of 'Beauty Shop,' elevated by the novelty of its Lebanese locations and Arabic cast...
Labaki is so enchanting you'll find yourself looking forward to her next appearance.
Labaki elicits expressive performances from a cast of amateurs, aided by Khalad Mouzanar's entrancing score and Yves Sehnaoui's lush cinematography.
Perceptive and poignant, Caramel observes the love lives of the establishment's owner, her employees and their customers.
There's a pleasant, easygoing charm to Caramel, largely stemming from Labaki's rare determination to depict Beirut as something other than a war-torn, slowly recovering battleground.
Its chief focus is the bonding between women who rely on each for support, and who really appreciate a place where they can let down their hair.
Caramel is a warm, funny and compassionate movie that examines five women who are at very different stages in their lives, each one with a particular problem to work out.
I like the way (Nadine) Labaki brings character depth to everyone in her sizable ensemble.
Filmgoers expecting My Big Fat Lebanese Waxing are in for a bigger treat: Nadine Labaki, who wrote and directed the film, possesses an astute instinct for restraint that makes Caramel smarter ans more poignantthan the average chick flick.
Groundbreaking it is not. But it follows the familiar path cheerfully enough, and it paints a vivid, movie-friendly picture of a woman's life in Lebanon.
[Writer-Director] Labaki writes and directs with a sure hand for capturing universal truths.
A light-hearted yet razor-smart, bittersweet comedy about life in Beirut.
As sugary as it may be, Caramel has a likeable edge to it, both in the natural performances of the mostly non-professional cast and the script's sardonic bluntness about social hypocrisies and the women's self-deception.
A delectable slice of life whose flavors are rarely available on these Western shores.
Caramel finds a big-hearted, Mira Nair-ish groove. The characters are gorgeous. And [director] Labaki gets terrific performances out of a largely nonprofessional cast.
One of those small films that give a glimpse into a culture that's both foreign and familiar. It's filled with real-life touches and small insights and wonderfully human characters, and the whole thing feels as real as crossing the street.
In a culture where female sexuality is problematic at best, how is a woman supposed to feed both body and heart? Through makeovers, support, and necessary lies, Caramel curtly answers.
In the Beirut beauty salon where most of Caramel takes place, women of various shapes, sizes, ages and backgrounds gather to bond and gossip.
Consider it 'Fried Green Falafel.'
...might sound like a sitcomish retread of France's Venus Beauty Institute, but Labaki's film, like its name, is something warmer and more soulful.
A gentle and pleasant soap opera done in a fairly high cinematic style. The characters are far too attractive and the plot too simplistic, but the film grows on the viewer as the minutes glide by.
The penetrating musical score, with its memorable shadings of emotional danger, the snappy and confident pacing and the emergence of 33-year-old Labaki as an international talent to watch all combine to make the film satisfying confection.
Don't expect an elegant, fully realized production. Do expect, though, to be touched and surprised by a string of intimate, urgent vignettes.
A sweeter and more believable version of Steel Magnolias, Middle Eastern style.
A brisk dramatic comedy that combines melodrama, humor and social critique in equal measure.
Just another good-looking, gently humorous, pleasantly romanticized little comedy, which ends with everyone a little wiser than they began.
Well-made and modestly enjoyable seriocomedy.
As tart, and tantalizing, as that little pot of caramel already bubbling on the stove, just waiting to bring delight -- or quick stabbing pain.
It is sweet but not saccharine, an intimate film that doesn't stint on the desperation and anxiety that go along with the search for love.
Caramel is much more artfully filmed than your average Queen Latifah version of this sort of thing. Better-acted, too, by a cast of amateurs headed by [director Nadine] Labaki herself.
I were to seek out one of these mystical fictional salons, I'd book at the one in Caramel over those in Steel Magnolias or Beauty Shop.
Everything that happens in this movie is predictable, and yet that's part of its modest charm.
Despite a soft pacing and deliberate narrative, writer and director Nadine Labaki uses women's lives as a backdrop in celebration of the melting pot of Beirut.
Uneven, fluctuating between poignancy...and fluff.
A gooey, insubstantial confection, often sweet, occasionally cloying, sometimes sticky- -- in many respects about on a par with the likes of Beauty Shop.
Gently exposes another side of a culture and country known more for headline-making wars than sensitive filmmaking.
Set in a culture caught between East and West, between male chauvinism and female empowerment, Labaki's movie isn't about to revolutionize a genre -- its charms are modest, but many.
It's refreshing for a romantic comedy not to follow the formula by rote. I only wish I could be as enthusiastic about the amount of screen time accorded to certain characters who are more tedious than endearing.
At its best, Caramel boasts a quietly engaging slice-of-slice casualness.
Five women in a beauty salon in Beirut struggling to find their small share of happiness as they buckle under societal and religious pressures.
It's a warm midwinter treat.
Labaki treats her characters with wistful tenderness, raucous practicality, and enough romantic chutzpah to give almost every woman a moment, at least, when she can have exactly what she wants.
A film of abundant heart and exquisite faces.
Labaki infuses her story of beauty, friendship, longing and constraint with that so painfully epitomized in the plight of her native Lebanon.
The kvetches of regulars at a cheery Beirut beauty salon couldn't be more familiar -- and that's the slender charm of Caramel, a Lebanese variation on sweetly soapy dramas about Women Who Bond With Wet Hair.
If nothing else, Labaki suggests a calm alternative to the ugly pronouncements of Middle East disasters broadcast on CNN: the modern chick flick.
While formulaic in structure, the film is actually quite lovely.
A Lebanese version of Steel Magnolias--a delightful valentine to women of a particular time and place.
Director and principal performer Nadine Labaki juggles a series of romances but the love that shines through the most is her passion for her city of Beirut.
There's a trenchant cultural critique lurking beneath its occasionally cloying melodrama.
Sihame Haddad breaks your heart as Rose, juggling perhaps her last shot at romance.
Caramel is as sweet as its name suggests and it marks Nadine Labaki out as a definite talent to watch.
A lovely little comedy-drama.
Feminist issues that may be dangerous to tackle in the conservative Middle East are rendered silly by uneven performances and soap-opera overkill.
...a tedious, virtually interminable effort...
Warm-hearted and accessible.
A sweet affair, hiding any bitter undertones under a sprightly, glistening exterior.

@highlight

Caramel is both an astute cultural study, and a charming comedic drama from a talented newcomer.