A bad movie based on a lousy video game. It barely works as a satire, and as a comedy only managed to extract a couple of laughs out of me. [Full review in Spanish]
Convinced that Arab terrorists are inherently hilarious, and that shooting fish in the leaky barrel of American pop culture takes marksmanship, Boll is a boor, and a symptom of something sad and dehumanizing.
The end result is a film that feels as though it's been conceived and executed by a third grader...
Boll mistakes shock for satire and crudity for cleverness in this desperately unfunny, hopelessly clueless catalogue of the ills of America... that ends up rejoicing in what it believes it is sending up.
The second half of the movie is a mess with only light humor and some audacious bits to liven up the mood.
I guess you could call it a "satire," but it doesn't particularly care to take the time or energy to spin the satire in any meaningful way; it merely thunders over all its ideas like a rabid elephant.
If this movie had been made by an unknown young director, a lot of critics would still be panning the movie for its inconsistencies -- but many others would be praising his courage.
Boll's self-inflicted dose of Schadenfreude is the only sure shot in this miserable misfire of a satire, which aims for "campy," but hits "crappy" instead.
Is it funny? Not really, but it has isolated flashes of inspiration. Elsewhere, the film is a jumbled, needlessly violent mess, sloppily edited and feckless in its attempts at political satire.
Almost worth watching because it's so unbelievably abysmal that you can't believe any filmmaker, let alone one as hated as Dr. Boll, would deliberately make light of such subjects in order to shock and offend.
Fearlessness isn't inherently funny: Postal's touches of wit are lost in the flying body parts, gross-out gags, and the full frontal spectacle of Foley's no-longer-private parts.
Postal strikes me as marginally superior to Morgan Spurlock's merely boneheaded Where in the World Is Osama bin Laden? But that's like saying Moe is smarter than Curly.
It's hard to imagine a worse movie will come out this year, and yet Boll's growing notoriety has already earned the trailer millions of hits on YouTube. Ed Wood never had it so good.
Postal is largely just a byproduct of Boll's self-promotion, rendering the film itself, in essence, beside the point.
In short, we have a trainwreck of a comedy that goes on far longer than you'd care to watch an actual trainwreck, trying too hard to be offensive the entire time and delivering its jokes with the timing of a 2-year-old with a mixing spoon and a soup-pot.
Infantile, irreverent and boorish to the max, Postal explodes with bad attitude and lousy filmmaking.
This reviewer is not easy to offend, but is very easy to bore. And I was bored out of my tree for most of Boll's lamely conceived, cliché-ridden debacle.
Indeed, Postal is THAT kind of movie, one that substitutes rancor for real wit, that utilizes splatter when a few script rewrites would have worked much better.
Writing this is a waste of my time.
What's wrong with Postal can be summed up pretty easily - it's a comedy that's never once funny.
Twice as violent and half as funny as anything resembling a good movie, it's still a hell of a ride
Imagine what "Catch-22" might have been like if it had been written by that creepy grade-school classmate of yours who was always talking about how cool it would be to stick a cherry bomb under that dead squirrel he found on the side of the road
nihilistic and nasty
How does Uwe Boll keep getting work? Seriously, this is not a rhetorical question -- someone, somewhere surely must know the answer.
Proves the director is the industry leader at accomplishing the exact opposite of what he intends.
It is funny at times and shows that even he has a sense of humor about himself. It's just a shame what direction he chose to take the film because I feel had he taken in seriously, instead of trying to shock us, he might have actual touched on something
It all plays out as satirically transgressive as a high-school freshman mooning you from the passenger seat of a car.
The distinction of being Boll's best film is hardly a compliment in the grand scheme of things, sort of like being the wealthiest homeless person.
It's Boll's knuckleheaded misinterpretation of topical humor that really gets me.
This movie's about as dangerous (or as funny) as a mouthy, caffeinated teen punk from the suburbs who just saw his first s***-flinging GG Allin performance on YouTube.
Along the way to its parking lot showdown, a wacky property damage conspiracy to commit insurance fraud is uncovered between Osama and Bush. The darker, zany recesses of America as viewed from the Twilight Zone. Move over, Borat.
I suppose since almost seven years have passed since 9/11, America might finally be ready to laugh at the tragedy. Tasteless, profane and farfetched, but undeniably funny, too!
Having already demonstrated the worst that the horror, action and fantasy genres have to offer, Uwe Boll tries his hand at political/cultural satire with Postal and comes up with something smelling awfully similar to feces.
Avian flu, atomic bombs and solidarity are the main themes throughout this opus of insufferable screen time while nausea seems to be the only thing you take with you when the film comes to its nuclear holocaust of a closing.
Uwe Boll is the epitome of a hack director who thinks that putting an Osama impersonator and a George Bush lookalike together in a scene will automatically make some comic impression. It just made me sleepy.
From the scoring and lighting to the acting and editing, the thing wouldn't earn a passing grade from even the most lenient film professor at the chintziest community college.
It's just not as funny or clever as it needs to be.
Deliriously tasteless Postal may be, but it is also, to borrow a phrase from one of its minor characters, 'the place where laughter died.'
It's not perfect and will get on the nerves of the more opinionated critics out there, but it's such an insanely fun ride that most of its flaws are forgivable.
Boll does mean to provoke, but to pull off a satirical critique of the volatile subjects here would require sharper wit than he and co-scenarist Bryan C. Knight generally provide.



@highlight

An attempt at political satire that lacks any wit or relevance, Postal is nonetheless one of Uwe Boll's more successful films -- for what it's worth.