The film continually highlights how easily the seemingly civilised, rational inhabitants of the small town lose their moral bearings - and how irrational their behaviour is.
This is a classic study of a lone individual standing up to the irrational forces of a mob.
Mikkelsen makes this personal horror show his own with a powerful and remarkably controlled performance.
What makes The Hunt so affecting is the way [Thomas] Vinterberg jangles the nerves of what first appears to be a strong community of caring neighbors and peels back the cover of civilized behavior to find tribal instincts kicking in.
The Hunt has left me more shaken than any other film I've seen all year.
It's moving, yet unsettling throughout, especially with an open ending that refuses to give the audience the closure that we foolishly think we'll get.
The Hunt is an extremely effective, skilfully put together psychological thriller, whose only tools are human character traits.
Engrossing, profoundly disturbing psychological drama - with a devastating conclusion.
A profoundly important subject--the "repressed memories" witch-hunts--dramatized superbly with a top-notch cast. Deserves not only best foreign picture of the year award, but best picture period.
Though its theme is hardly a happy subject, this thought-provoking Danish drama on the false accusation of child abuse is nonetheless extra-highly recommended
A sublime performance from Mads Mikkelsen is just one facet of a brilliant and unnerving drama that provides brutal, thought-provoking answers to the tough questions it asks.
It's a maddening, strangely riveting cinematic experience to follow a man wrongly accused of a crime that could stain his name forever ... but there's still something one-note about this near-tragedy. The script, too, seems programmatic.
The acting on all fronts is outstanding, with Mikkelsen holding the centre magnificently as the wronged teacher, his life contaminated by the slow-acting poison of rumour.
You leave The Hunt unsettled in the best sense. Its images and implications are likely to stay in your head a long time.
This is not a new story. However it's been handled superbly by Vinterberg working with co-screenwriter Tobias Lindholm.
The Hunt's inexorability feels derived more from thematic or ideological concerns than any organic necessity.
The Hunt starts off with great promise before it fails.
Mikkelsen acts as a superb anchor, making these two hours go by somewhat rapidly. In short, he's the main reason to give this devastating analysis of truth a whirl.
One of the most refreshing aspects of The Hunt is its focus on societal dynamics rather than intricately plotted mystery.
The injustice story might be upsetting but it tells us nothing we don't already know about the horrors from a rush to judgment that turns out wrong.
Grimly one-note and miserabilist.
A nursery school student, angry at her teacher, says something stupid which leads to a witch hunt in a small Danish town. Tension builds inexorably in this intense drama about a teacher accused of sexual misconduct.
This is a serious treatment of what it is to be [accused of a sex crime], and it is much more disturbing than anything in a Hitchcock thriller.
Vinterberg uses a sharp cinematic knife to cut to the core of the matter: that the human heart can never be entirely civilized and, ultimately, each man is alone with his fate.
Thomas Vinterberg ("The Celebration") creates a modern-day "Crucible," a frighteningly plausible examination of how suspicion can spread through otherwise decent people.
Credibly generates suspense and maintains interest, even if one wonders why the filmmakers felt compelled to pursue this particular subject matter for their tale of a wronged man.
... a movie of uncommon power about the evil that well-meaning people commit when given license by what they perceive as atrocity.
Thomas Vinterberg's The Hunt conveys the sinister swirl of persecution more vividly than any film I can remember.
A strong, moving portrait of a man shunned by the only society he knows for reasons he can't understand, marked by a stunning lead performance from [Mads] Mikkelsen.
It is a movie about the rush to judgment and the tyranny of the majority. What happens to Lucas is utterly unfair, but it also makes for a cautionary tale as well.
Scarier than your average horror film
Of a piece with Arthur Miller's The Crucible and Lillian Hellman's The Children's Hour, two other works about persecution and hypocrisy.
Mikkelsen (now freaking out Americans as the title character of NBC's "Hannibal") gives the persecuted Lucas a gravity and an intensity that make for compelling viewing.
The Hunt is like a low blow that keeps on swinging even when you're down and out. It is constantly putting your emotions in the crosshairs and seems to flourish the most whenever you feel your stomach drop from the hell that Lucas is put through.
Strong performances complement the smart and engrossing script and a slowly building tension that blossoms to a piano-string tautness.
Through it all, we see an idyllic-looking community, where glorious fall colors fade into twinkling December snow - a pretty frame for a terrifying story of a modern-day witch hunt.
It's hard to watch. It should be seen.
A Gripping Look at an Epidemic of Fear.
The film clearly wants us to be uncomfortable about many things; it's not a stretch to imagine that the implications of the premise are among them.
Vinterberg orchestrates the material impressively, increasing tension little by little until it becomes overwhelming.
The Hunt is far scarier than the most frightening zombie film.
Shows that even when Klara's parents and their friends aren't sure, they'd rather be wrong on the defensive than be wrong and do nothing.
Actor Mads Mikkelsen excels in this tense drama.
The cornerstone to The Hunt is the mesmerizing performance by Mikkelsen, whose portrayal of a Danish everyman's shattered descent into a horrifying nightmare is one of the most powerful performances I've seen in recent memory.
Mikkelsen makes you empathize with Lucas every step of the way and helps make The Hunt a real moral nail-biter.
The Hunt offers a powerful, provocative study of mob mentality and the fabric of trust.
It's a powerful and thought-provoking movie.
Danish actor Mads Mikkelsen delivers an astonishingly restrained and expressive central performance in The Hunt, an engrossing psycho-social drama by Thomas Vinterberg.
Mikkelsen is one of Europe's most respected actors, yet he's best known in the United States for playing evil characters... So it's interesting -- and rewarding -- to see what Mikkelsen can do as an innocent, well-meaning leading man.
An intense, hard to watch drama, of a man's life torn apart by his fellow citizens. The performance is skilled enough that it won the top acting award at last year's Cannesfestival.
"The Hunt" is a fantastic showcase for Mikkelsen, who shows he can play a cannibalistic serial killer on TV and a persecuted kindergarten teacher in the movies, and be just as believable as both.
The Hunt will have you balling up a fist and shedding a few tears as the tale unfolds, providing an exquisitely unpleasant conflict that's simply riveting to study.
Mikkelsen's performance is what makes a good movie even better.
Fittingly for a film that deals with actions that can't be undone, The Hunt leaves you with a sickening feeling that's almost impossible to shake.
Although the scenario is exaggerated for dramatic effect and it stumbles somewhat in the final act, the unsettling film is a provocative and timely examination of persecution and the perils of public perception.
An uncommonly thoughtful, and thought-provoking, entry in the social-issue drama subgenre, anchored by Mikkelsen's gripping performance.
A subtle piece of moral drama crowned by a truly beautiful performance from Mikkelsen, The Hunt puts every one of us in the crosshairs.
Child molestation is indeed horrific. Sometimes, the response to same can be equally disconcerting. The Hunt argues that all too well.
Mads Mikkelsen displays remarkable range as a subdued kindergarten teacher confronting sex-abuse charges in a small Danish town.
[A] harrowing but flawed study of an innocent man accused of pedophilia.
Mikkelsen and a terrific ensemble navigate complex emotions and moral quandaries in a terrain where a satisfying resolution is as hard to come by as a child who never tells a lie.
It leaves us not only with an unforgettable final image, but also the troubling thought that witch hunts, like war, will always be with us - all the more so in the modern era of instant communication.
...incredible acting by Mikkelsson, (but) what is unforgettable is the acting of the young girl who makes the allegation, Annika Wedderkopp. It's remarkable that someone so young could give such a performance.
The characters... are not symbolic. They're real people, leading imperfect lives... but we can relate to their feelings, and their actions at every turn of this searing drama.
Vinterberg's best filmmaking since his Dogme '95 entry "The Celebration."
Mikkelsen, one of his country's finest actors, in collaboration with Thomas Vinterberg, one of its finest directors, delivers what may be his strongest performance yet.
It is a devastating film to watch, a heedful one, and a tragic reminder that no matter how well a life has been conducted, the mere whiff of such scandalous behavior is condemnation enough.
A nuanced portrait of a fundamentally decent man grappling with a world that has decided to treat him indecently.
[A] quietly devastating drama about a soft-spoken, bespectacled and devoted kindergarten teacher whose life is upended by a false accusation from one of his students.
This is filmmaking of a high order, even though the production's scale is modest and the climax is not without its facile contrivances.
Unsettling, forthright and thought-provoking, The Hunt is also brilliantly titled.
This story is about a witch hunt, an accusation of impropriety that takes on a life of its own, shattering bonds of trust in a close-knit community.
The innocent man wrongly accused is something that everyone can identify with - what if it happened to me?
"The Hunt" is a merciless examination of the fear and savagery roiling just below the surface of bourgeois life.
Mikkelsen's an actor of restraint, and ...Vinterberg's modern day witch hunt tale gives the actor a whole range of restraint to work with in a film whose title begins literally, turns figurative, then, in a chilling coda, suggests a merging of the two.
The Hunt works as simplistic, cathartic melodrama. It's about ambiguity, but there's nothing ambiguous about the film itself.
The Hunt is beautifully shot and performed. But gritty, immersive Dogme it is not.
Though a few scenes feel contrived, Vinterberg gets right to the dark heart of human nature.
The Hunt may prove stressful, frustrating, even enraging, but it's also an unbelievably effective watch, that, if nothing else signals an undeniable return to form for Vinterberg, and yet another blistering performance from Mikkelsen.
Stories of whispered ruination are especially apt in today's virtual playground; The Hunt reminds us that even an innocent face can undo a life.
For his deeply affecting role that haunts the viewer long after the film ends, Mr. Mikkelsen won the Best Actor award at the Cannes Film Festival.
There's nothing worthy of love or hate in this capably made but underwhelming movie.
Topical, gripping and in the end, cryptic.
The film is in part an exceedingly black comedy that parodies proper society's eager, self-righteous naïveté on the subject of its children.
A chilling Danish drama about how an accusation of child sexual abuse can tear a community apart and shatter even the trust of long-standing friends.
A taut story of a man whose career is ruined because of a 5-year-old girl's false accusation of molestation.
Has a wonderfully sly sense of understatement.
Often painful, but always riveting
The story is as chilling as the snow-dusted Christmas-time setting; it is measured, non-sensational and takes a sobering, slow-burn look at the way people behave when their common sense is replaced by hysteria.
Mads Mikkelsen is perfectly cast as a man unfairly accused of child abuse in writer/director Thomas Vinterberg's cautionary tale about small town mob justice. But like the film, there is something cold and clinical about it.
...watching an intelligent discourse on such a tricky subject makes for engrossing drama, even if it comes at the expense of our protagonist: a good man stranded in the void between moral panic and due process.
The Hunt is a confronting and fascinating work of cinema.
This is unshakeable storytelling, which is fitting for a film that reveals how certain damage can never be undone.
A superb performance from Madds Mikkelsen lies at the heart of this chilling tale of a small Danish community turning on an innocent man.
To call The Hunt gripping would be like calling Annie Hall funny. It is, but it's also so much more than that.
Nuanced but robust, the screenplay is a masterclass in exposition, drama, character portraiture - and cinema. It is also a vivid warning to society that yes, 'thought is a virus' that can maim and even kill
Mikkelsen delivers yet another superlative performance ... The film builds to a stunning crescendo, playing out in the candle-lit church on Christmas Eve with heartbreaking conviction. But there is more to come, in a chilling postscript
Its genius is the way that it uses the most horrendous of subject matters to explore the gravest issues of trust.
Humans do terrible things to one another. In The Hunt, Vinterberg believes we can do right too.
Immensely powerful in its invocation of the true meaning of Christian charity and its symbolism.
The Hunt is a terrifying film, anchored by Mikkelsen's poignantly poised turn and saturated with uncomfortable truths about society, childhood and our susceptibility to mass hysteria.
The last moments of the film elicited gasps from several people in the audience.
Mads Mikkelsen is fantastic as the bewildered and honourable Lucas, while the rest of the main cast are equally believable.
A timely and intelligent reminder of the dangers of public hysteria.
A misogynistic little soap opera, it's beautifully acted, yes, but silly to the bone.
With its thumping plot points and unstoppable momentum, The Hunt marks an entirely unexpected and largely successful embrace of mainstream values.
The mass hysteria surrounding child sexual abuse has never seen as compelling or as cautionary an examination as the tragic mess this riveting Danish film delves into.
Self-satisfied and deeply cynical.
Clever, imaginative, three-quarters-powerful ...
A taut, teasing study in sense and susceptibility, given ballast by a suitably shaken and shell-shocked lead turn from Mikkelsen.
It's familiar territory but Mikkelsen is terrific, and the movie is earnestly engaged.
Beautifully performed and tough as nails, Vinterberg's social drama could not be any more timely.
It's a no-win situation regardless of the outcome. In keeping with the cautionary tone, Vinterberg leaves the dust unsettled.
Engaging, atmospheric and provocative drama about the dangers of collective hysteria, with a strong script and a terrific central performance from Mads Mikkelsen.
It's not an easy watch but seeing this dignified man refusing to be cowed by his persecutors is utterly gripping.
Gripping; there's more suspense and white knuckle tension in this Danish drama than 90% of the outright horror films I saw this year.
The powerfully acted The Hunt concerns itself with how an innocent individual is caught up in a modern-day witch-hunt, based solely on the false memories of a child.
A common sense nightmare that's frustrating to endure but the reality of the situation may be spot on
Vinterberg's acidic, important and brilliantly infuriating thriller reaches the heights of his best work, cannily examining the psychology of mob mentality, and bound to leave viewers in a state of high anxiety.
...a well-acted yet hopelessly by-the-numbers little drama.
A dramatically solid if stylistically conventional drama about the effects of false accusation of child abuse on an innocent man, well played by Mads (the villain in Casino Royale) Mikkelsen.
A hugely affecting film, inspiring the full gambit of emotions from humor to fist-clenching rage and a pitch-perfect, chilling crescendo of horror.
Known for his often icy and violent characters, Mikkelsen impresses here as a warm-hearted man who finds himself caught up in a situation way beyond his control.
Daring to force his narrative right up against the edge of credibility, Vinterberg uses the hot-button topic of child abuse to push and probe at a town's close-knit facade until the wounds bubble up angrily to the surface.
Thomas Vinterberg's best film since "Festen" is an unsettling psychological drama built around a harrowing performance from Mads Mikkelsen.
What a knotty, frighteningly real drama 'The Hunt' is.
Mikkelsen, an actor still perhaps best known as the Bond villain in Casino Royale, shows just how excellent a performer he is.
It is rare that a film can make you laugh, cry and shake with fury all at the same time; even rarer when it does so for the right reasons.
The Hunt is a "problem picture" in which the problem feels neither urgent nor especially new.

@highlight

Anchored by Mads Mikkelsen's sympathetic performance, The Hunt asks difficult questions with the courage to pursue answers head on.