It's 'Pulp Fiction' lite with blaxploitation aspects. Regardless, a movie about beating addictions, getting more out of life, and being a better person, is a good thing.
The jokes aren't funny and the earnest stabs at emotional sincerity ring false in this ensemble melodrama.
Herzfeld is determined to make these puzzle pieces fit, yet there isn't much to solve with Reach Me, which gradually limps to a cop-out close.
Reach Me feels lazy, in desperate need of its own motivational speech.
At times "Reach Me" is undeniably intriguing, mostly because it's just so weird and disconnected. Eventually, though, it just becomes tiresome.
Reach Me takes a long list of cliches -- some more offensive than others -- and mixes them all together with a fancy cast to make a boring, pretentious film. Reach for an actual book instead.
Nothing in the proceedings is remotely convincing, let alone entertaining.
A toneless mess that's more chaotic than soul-searching, more irritating than meditative.
Once you've sunk into the entirely warped groove of "Reach Me" you're almost eager to experience the next offense against aesthetics and/or common sense it is poised to commit.
'Reach Me' is the sort of movie where careers go to die.
A kitchen-sink mess with no discernible narrative drive or thematic resonance beyond uninspired batches of bad behavior, gunplay, eccentricity and weak uplift.
Casting Sylvester Stallone as a gossip-site publisher obviously modeled on Matt Drudge is one of many counterintuitive ideas that backfire in "Reach Me."
The characters keep bumping into one another like a cut-rate Crash, only to drift apart until the plot needs another twist
The score works overtime to assert what kind of movie this is, sometimes shifting several times within a single scene. Choices include a low-rent thriller, a contemplative drama, and a slick Elmore Leonard-style crime farce. None of them stick.
A misbegotten venture that constantly ups its own ante on histrionic overacting, ludicrous plot twists and insipid empowerment mantras ...
Plays like an amateur-acting exercise in which each participant picks a name and a couple of defining props.
The excessive plotlines are sloppily written and choppily edited, while the acting is almost uniformly subpar. Worse, the concept itself is bafflingly empty.
In the 2014 annals of throwaway flops, save a special place for 95 wasted minutes of drivel called Reach Me.
Herzfeld appears to have a worldview more formed by [bad] movies and TV shows than by any experience of day-to-day life as a human being on Earth.
Somehow, this thin script attracted that star sprinkled cast.
A tone-deaf everything-is-connected melodrama ...
Reach Me certainly reaches for the stars, but it won't touch any viewers through its jumbled collection of heartless, one-note stories.
It's as if the filmmakers wanted to create a multifaceted social drama, then decided halfway through that it would be more entertaining to make an action exploitation film full of outdated racial and gender stereotypes.

@highlight

Featuring a bewildering array of talented actors pummeled by disjointed direction and a dull, hackneyed script, Reach Me is so fundamentally misbegotten that its title reads more like a threat.