Second installment in Yamada's samurai trilogy. Once again the hero is unlike the super-warriors of the genre, but far more interesting.
A character-driven, martial arts adventure more concerned with motivations than karate moves.
Hidden Blade works, then, as that rare, intellectually stirring historical pageant, but also as a deeply emotional, satisfying samurai movie, one of the crown jewels of the genre.
a totally immersive experience
A tenacious survival tale in which passionate lovers are held apart by outmoded traditions. How they overcome obstacles to happiness is what makes the film so dramatically engaging.
Yamada's enormously enjoyable The Hidden Blade is a movie that deftly balances the obligations of samurai history with love story.
It's a pretty simple tale, but -- true to his Western influences -- Yamada slows down the action and stretches it out to a prize-winning length.
... the restrained drama both punctures the mythic ideal of the samurai culture and spins a romantic portrait of one man who values principle over protocol...
This is a film buff's movie but also has strong appeal to those who just want to be told a darn good story.
Reminders of feudal Japan are mixed in with a prescient glimpse into the country's future. The samurai will not be part of it, and The Hidden Blade poignantly shows what is lost in the name of progress.
Yamada's film is old-fashioned in the very best sense. He is a great story teller and director of actors.
An affecting portrait of the impact of profound change on people with limited options.
Good, but a bit of a snorer.
Casually paced and filled with telling detail, Yamada's delicate drama with swordplay (there's not much, but what there is packs an emotional wallop) transcends its specific setting in its depiction of Katagiri's internal struggle.
The Hidden Blade bears more than a passing resemblance in story and form to The Twilight Samurai, but stands on its own as a pleasant, if unremarkable, romance.
Both epic and intimate, this impassioned samurai drama is for anyone who's ever watched a movie and muttered, 'They just don't make 'em like they used to.'
Yoji Yamada redefines the words 'cinematic perfection' with a film that looks and feels like a true classic.
[R]eminded me of one of [John] Ford's more elegiac Westerns
While Yamada essentially repeats himself structurally, he finds fresh ironies in the story of how a culture built on tradition gets corrupted by technology and years of inaction.
The Hidden Blade is tranquil, touching, and, in its climactic sword fight, excitingly real.
From the beginning Yamada's movie, made in 2004, looks and feels more like a John Ford western than any other Asian film I've ever seen.
Yamada's film is strong and poignant, though perhaps it will be more so with Japanese audiences who better understand societal pressure.
Allows us the privilege of observing the samurai in the culture's death-throes without Hollywood-style histrionics.
The Hidden Blade is worthy of being loved by foreign film buffs and samurai film geeks alike.
A subtle and emotive period drama that mirrors its highly praised predecessor.
Even when it comes to the climactic blade battle, the director holds back with samurai-style self-control. In spite of this muted mood, the resolution of the film's love story manages to work the heart-strings.
Beautifully observed, with strong characters and a lovely romantic plot, although it's as a bit too subdued.
Back to the woodshed with this dull blade!
This overly staid film seems to cry out for a climactic, cathartic dose of wild, passionate unpredictability that the director is never fully willing to indulge.
An exceptional portrait of a samurai warrior who is a nurturing male.



@highlight

A slow and steady samurai flick a la John Ford that brings emotions and psychology to an epic-scale adventure.