As far as psychological thrillers go, The Number 23 is a little too much 'psycho' and not enough 'logical'.
Absurd, dark, and a miscast Jim Carrey. Yuck.
As Walter's/Fingerling's paranoia grows, the viewer is irritatingly yanked back and forth between the real and imagined settings, and left to decide which one is more ridiculous.
Nothing to decipher here
There is something to this 23 stuff, and a film about apophenia (obsession with random connections) would be fascinating. But no.
Jim Carrey tries his best, but the film never gets psychologically creepy, never makes the viewer question what is fiction, what is reality, and most importantly what the number 23 is all about.
A convoluted and rather dull affair.
So much cascading hatred for the audience runs through the flickering images of this film!
... the film astoundingly reaches new levels of unintentional self-parody with every turn.
THE NUMBER 23 starts off promisingly but quickly devolves into an uneven mess.
For all its gimmicky numerology, The Number 23 just doesn't add up.
What could have been an intriguing psychological drama turns into a mediocre crime thriller.
The Number 23 is Schumacher's first stab at a scary movie, the end result just doesn't quite add up.
This thriller's biggest mistake is its belief that it's as clever and original as it is visually stylish.
Joel Schumacher does a chaotic job of turning this thriller into indigestible jelly %u2013 it wobbles formless for a while, finally settling into the shape of a duck
full review in Greek
Sem conseguir convencer o espectador do básico (a onipresença do número 23), o roteiro chega a apelar para absurdos para tentar provar sua lógica tortuosa.
Good God, I actually liked this screwball of a mystery thriller.
...tombe dans pratiquement tous les pièges dans lesquels le genre se complait mollement depuis déjà plusieurs années
While it's often fun watching Jim Carrey handle more serious material the same cannot always be said of director Joel Schumacher.
There's nothing to fear.
Pretty much every important date in history...can be teased to fit the pattern. What can't be hammered out of this fixation, apparently, is a coherent movie.
Schumacher is as much to blame for this mess as Carrey is. Over and over again, he mistakes looming shadows and manic outbursts for tension, and his ponderous, ham-fisted directorial style creates more questions than it answers.
I think that "The Number 23" is supposed to have a twist at the end.But a twist is supposed to be something that you can't see coming, something that takes you by surprise. In this sometimes entertaining but mostly befuddling film, the only confounding el
A psychological thriller that is a murky mess.
An overworked horror-thriller based on an absolutely ridiculous concept that, at various points in the movie, comes tantalizingly close to working.
Schumacher's style is too slick, his sense of the macabre too watered-down, and his concentration on the thematic implications of the story too distracted by more generalized ideas to really get at the dark heart of the material.
A cop out of chaotic inconsequence.
More like "The Number 2"
If you circle every 23rd word in this review, you'll wind up with a message that makes no sense. Neither does paying to see this movie.
The Number 23 lacks cohesion. (Director) Joel Schumacher flails around like a drowning man, and takes his picture under with him.
It just adds up to sheer ineptitude.
If long-winded Wikipedia writers or "Lost" bloggers wrote a thriller, it would turn out something like this. It starts as a dark variant on "Stranger Than Fiction" and ends with a melodramatic flood of embarrassing exposition.
Once all the blood and madness run out, The Number 23 is one of those disposable movies that so often fill the film industry's off season.
...raving nonsense...
With its glaring plot holes, over-reliance on coincidence and unexplained central conceit, it is hard to fathom why this project drew the likes of Jim Carry and Virginia Madsen.
Everything in the film may add up to 23, but no matter how you do the math, it doesn't add up to a good movie.
A supposedly tangled tale that's ultimately as easy to unravel as two nylon stockings.
... just another movie designed to cash in on the gullibility of ticket buyers.
What's wrong with The Number 23 can't be blamed on Schumacher -- though he ought to have known better than to sign on board this project.
There may be filmmakers worse than Joel Schumacher, but few so talentless have worked so steadily for so long....this is just a bigger budget, even more idiotic version of Darren Aronofsky's Pi.
The film operates on a much broader scale than it has any business doing, thus the answers, when they are finally provided in the now-obligatory talky final ten minutes, are frustratingly bankrupt.
There are any number of ways to scare audiences, but numerology isn't one of them, especially if nothing else in the movie adds up.
More entertaining than most of the movies nominated for an Oscar this year.
There definitely is something to this whole 23 thing. I bet that if you circled the 23rd word in each paragraph of this review, you'd find a secret message.
I don't care what anybody else says. The acting was good and the script was complelling. So there!
It's no longer thrilling or even campy. It's just embarrassing.
I enjoyed it a lot. I haven't heard of anyone else who has.
The answers to the story's questions are even sillier than the questions.
Spookily, it must have been in about the 23rd minute that my spirits began to sink and I thought: "There'd better be an awfully clever pay-off at the end of this." Well, there isn't.
Thanks to director Joel Schumacher, all of Carrey's shirts had nipples.
This sophomoric psychological thriller might not be the best movie Jim Carrey ever made, but it certainly is his worst.
My biggest complaint was how this story just completely fell apart in about 40 minutes. I wanted to feel sorry for Walter, but all I could do is shake my head and laugh.
Like a poorly designed house of cards, 23 tumbles when it becomes apparent that the weak premise sports an even weaker plot. Tack another disaster on to Schumacher's cinematic belt.
it never does succeed in finding anything truly sinister about the number 23, except, of course, that it will always be associated with this flick
Suicide Blonde's intensity, her fear, her too-white dress and room and lighting, her violent death: it's all a little much.
One of the last lines uttered in The Number 23 is, 'It may not be the happiest of endings, but it's the right one'. Try the wrong one.
...it's as if debuting screenwriter Fernley Phillips was too lazy to even rip off second rate King.
Much depends on mood, tone, and suspension of disbelief, but Schumacher never succeeds in making us buy into any of this. The result is a tough slog through some unpleasant territory that never makes sense or is tied together.
While bolstered by an intriguing premise, the thriller The Number 23 cops out for a slick, Hollywood-ized ending
Watching Carrey babble gibberish about the sinister nature of 23 in scene after hyperventilating scene isn't any more fun or enlightening than listening to street-corner lunatics discourse on similar topics.
The Number 23 can't seem to figure out whether it wants to be a paranoid thriller, a kinky murder mystery, or an M. Night Shyamalan-style Hook Movie.
There are 23 things wrong with this movie. Or maybe there are 24. Or 165. To be honest, I lost count.
Carrey precisely performs his change of characters, but after adding in the revelation at the end of the movie that makes little sense, The Number 23 is a little short changed for me.
What does this all have to do with murder? Zero, as it turns out.
23 Reasons You Shouldn't Bother Seeing The Number 23.
A silly mess that fails as both a psychological thriller and a camp send-up of the same.
Laughably acted and about as scary as Britney Spears in a hair salon.
The titular novel is written by an anonymous scribe who goes by the moniker Topsy Kretts (Get it? Like "Top Secrets"? Yeah, I didn't laugh either.)
The Number 23 is an accidental comedy starring a deadly serious Jim Carrey.
...drops all kinds of ridiculous into the story line, all of which could have been forgiven if they weren't so blatantly swept under the rug...
A murky, flawed thriller that just doesn't add up.
The Number 23 is the movie equivalent of a parlor trick. It's cool to see and it can pleasantly catch you off guard, but there's ultimately not much to it beyond its own sense of trickery.
Every plotline [is] explained like the Carver's plan in nip/tuck, but it's all so contained. If the number is really so significant, as I understand it is in some intellectual circles, why not go there?
There are 23 letters in 'the twist ending is idiotic.' And in 'Joel Schumacher can bite me.' And in 'go to another movie tonight.'
[The film] squanders a promising premise and a lot of cool special effects on a story that gets more ridiculous and less involving with each passing minute.
Julius Caesar was stabbed 23 times. Charles Manson was born Nov. 12 (11 + 12 = 23). The Mayans believed the world would end on Dec. 23, 2012 (20 + 1 + 2 = 23). My brother stole my pogo stick when I was 23 and broke it into 23 pieces.
The author's obsession with the number 23 becomes Walter's, and we're treated to a lot of examples of numbers that add up to 23, which means a lot of scenes in which people say things like, 'What's 14 plus 9? 23!' and look haunted.
Carrey owns this movie. He's in virtually every scene, and there's no taking one's eyes from him.
Jim Carrey makes for an unlikely but completely effective lead choice. He brings a nice touch of comic irony to his otherwise serious role, impressively handling a wide range of emotions as an ordinary Joe caught in an extraordinary web.
If you kept at it, you could probably think of 23 other similar movies you'd rather be watching.
What kills 23 are any number of bad choices that render the movie tone-deaf, sometimes hilariously so.
That I got so much enjoyment from the movie's flamboyant style made the inanity of the plot all the more irritating.
Pages turn, knives plunge, rain patters and the camera rarely holds steady. No amount of quick cuts and twitchy shots, however, can compensate for the lack of narrative momentum.
The main test of a twisty thriller is, would you watch it again? You won't, because the solution turns out to be both uncomplicated and cliché.
There are more than 23 reasons why Joel Schumacher's The Number 23 is not very good; but in keeping with the theme, I'll stick to the titular sum:
Though students of formulaic screenwriting may figure this mystery out long before Walter does, there won't be much satisfaction in it because it is totally preposterous.
I'd give it 2.3 stars. But that would be generous.
Visually stylish and dramatically moribund, The Number 23 is a half-baked idea posing as profundity.
I'll give the filmmakers this: They had me calculating the instances 23 appears in my own life. Trust me, it helps pass the time until the closing credits.
How do we loathe thee, The Number 23? Let us count the ways.
If nothing else -- and, trust me, there ain't much else -- the title has a satisfying ring of candour. Yep, The Number 23 is all about the number 23.
Charlie Chaplin did not star in The Wolfman. Jerry Lewis did not attempt Hamlet. Jonathan Winters never appeared in Death of a Salesman. Thank heavens.
Director Joel Schumacher never knows when enough is enough.
The major mistake Carrey made was agreeing to do the movie in the first place.
Newcomer Fernley Phillips' screenplay eventually binds itself into too tight a knot. But it also has some admirable ambitions about family, responsibility, memory.
A thriller like this needs to pack a lot of firepower on the backend. Unfortunately, all we get is a weak, much-anticipated little pop.
The only fright in the nominal thriller The Number 23 is how shaggy, gaunt, and wiped out Jim Carrey looks.
If I wanted to give director Joel Schumacher more credit than he deserves, I'd say that he purposely blew the film up at the 2/3 mark just to make the film a prophecy.
Carrey skillfully leads us on a twisted trek with hair-raising jolts.
Carrey has difficulty playing inner torment without making it look funny, an issue magnified by...director Joel Schumacher's concessions to utilizing the actor's skills to get laughs.
The film is a mess, a seat-squirming waste of time so boring and uninspired I can't imagine anyone falling head over heels in love with.
Part detective story, part psychological drama, this is unsatisfying on both levels.
Trying to find something of interest for your mind to cling to as you watch this film is like trying to grab a fistful of windowpane.
...ultimately undone by its thoroughly absurd premise...
While dozing through this nonsense you may wish to speculate on the number's real significance to this movie: possibly the IQ of its writer?
This will undoubtedly appeal to fans of a conspiracy theory, but thrillseekers will be left feeling short-changed.
Just imagine, if this movie was really good, it'd get five stars (2 + 3). Instead it gets a two. Which adds up to very little.
The director, Joel Schumacher, works up a juicy, lurid atmosphere, but the picture feels cramped and airless. You wait for it to really take off, but it never seems able to find its way out of all the artfully claustrophobic rooms and corridors.
Carrey tries hard to parlay his usual mad mugging into serious mad mugging, but Joel Schumacher isn't the director to get him there. Count Schumacher's films - 23 really is a bad number.
Has mostly superficial thrills on its mind, playing with a number and a character's psychology but not really saying anything about them.
Mind-numbingly silly conspiracy thriller.
The Number 23 tries to carry too many themes, fit into too many genres and tell too many stories. Its promise is drowned out by a din of themes, moods and storylines.
This is a film that doesn't quite know what it is. Perhaps a mistake would be the fairest description.
The Number 23 is goofy, implausible, and funny in all the wrong ways.
Schumacher's numerical nightmare is an anemic psychological thriller basking in contrivance...woefully muddled and lacking...the math doesn't quite add up.
one of the funniest movies Carrey has made in years -- and, unfortunately, the laughs are mostly unintentional. ...piles contrivance on top of contrivance until it's impossible to take Walter's descent into paranoia seriously.
The only baffling mystery here is why it was ever made in the first place.
Carrey gives the worst performance of his, or indeed any other actor's, career.
This review's opening sentence, the really dull, pointless one that you are reading at this very moment, is comprised of exactly 23 words.
Carrey is effectively sinister, the visuals are often amazing, but there's less to this murky psycho-thriller than meets the eye.
Though the holes were rather small, I had to count them all. Now we know how many holes it takes to fill The Number 23.
A film that draws us in for the first 80 minutes only to let us down in the last 15.
There's a book in the world written by someone named Topsy Kretts (get it?) and that the main character -- Carrey's alter ego -- is named Fingerling.
I'll say this much for it: It's funnier than Norbit.
It's so bad that it almost inadvertently becomes interesting, and the last twenty minutes take the viewer to impressive heights of inexplicable silliness.
Laughable...We can only hope a sequel called The Number 46 doesn't get made.
While The Number 23 is probably not destined for masterpiece status, it does what it sets out to do: entertain, and mess with your mind.
While conspiracy theorists search for the ultimate meaning of the integer at the center of it, someone should have paid more attention to the words.
Do yourself a favor and avoid spending the $23 it will cost to buy two tickets and some popcorn to see The Number 23
It's a constipated thriller; a delusional pinch of misdirection and screenwriting runaround that should've been a bottle rocket to the brain, but instead suffocates in style and a lack of imagination.
The project should have been 86ed.
Greater than the terror that Jim Carrey's character...feels in the course of The Number 23 may have been that which Carrey and his castmates felt midway through production as the glowering awfulness of this project began to dawn on them.
moments meant to instill fear either evoke boredom or, more often, the giggles
There's little in this first script by Fernley Phillips but bloodless notions -- nothing that might qualify, by the light of day, as entertainment.
Here's our homage to the film's tortured permutations of the numerals 2 and 3: 3 minus 2 equals 1. And there is only one reason to see this movie: You have absolutely nothing better to do.
Not helping matters are the over-the-top moments so typical of director Joel Schumacher's oeuvre.
If Jim Carrey is to prove himself in a dramatic role, he needs a less convoluted script.
Let's cut to the chase: Movies don't get much more dunderheaded than Joel Schumacher's semi-psychological thriller The Number 23.
It's fair to wonder what kind of numbers drive him to set sail with sub-standard ships captained by deficient fools.
An unengaging and colossally dumb occult thriller.
Carrey has never looked so uncomfortable on-screen.
Doing arithmetic helps distract you from how stupid the plot is.
With material this contrived, it's easy to understand why Carrey seems lost and Schumacher works overtime laying on the design to distract you from the thinness of the story.
Not only does the film have no sense of story, it has little sense of itself, including a long postscript just to untangle the knots.
The Number 23 plays a bit too much like Memento for Dummies.
It's so cheesy that it's almost transcendent.
Carrey's unconvincing performance here turns it into his funniest film in years.
It makes you want to cover your eyes and clutch your ears.
A numerological, super-dumb-ological thriller.
As Sam Goldwyn said: Include me out.
It's a 95-minute movie that takes 20 minutes to explain its 'shocking premise.' That's not a good ratio, it's kind of like a stripper agreeing to do a $5 lap dance to 'Bohemian Rhapsody.'
Eventually, the movie treats a number with so much reverence and fear that it seems someone will blame 23 for the fact that they forgot to turn off the oven.
I'm not much of a math student, but I can tell you what The Number 23 all adds up to: nothing.
If there's any real fun to be had at all with The Number 23, it's in post-op dismantling; so little of it, in retrospect, makes any sense.
Number 23 is a modest, well-executed film. Is it scary? Not exactly. But if you're willing to settle for mildly creepy, then you're in luck.
This is the sort of film where no one can say anything without someone else commenting: 'Thirty-two -- 23 reversed!' Yes, and what do you know? There are 23 letters in the phrase 'better luck next time, folks.'
You may have only 23 seconds to check out this review, so I'll sum things up quickly: This is another clever concept that sustains itself for about half a movie, then falls apart embarrassingly.
The 23rd letter of the alphabet is W, without which there would be no waffles, Wal-Mart and, that final word on all things tiresome and pretentious: whatever.
Narrated in voice-over by the hero, the movie is an object lesson in the dangers of having a storyteller who manufactures his own logic.
No one wants to watch a by-the-numbers hack job -- even if the movie is called The Number 23.
Having seen the movie, allow me to throw one additional calculation into the equation: The Number 23 is a zero.
It cannot abide ambiguity or abstraction, feels a desperate need to square all corners and turn over all stones -- it refuses to embrace the very supranormal scariness it wants us to consider...
Don't freak out, but as I write this review there are exactly 23 paper clips in the drawer of my desk.
There's enough style, intrigue and plot twistiness in this thriller to keep us watching
Patchy thriller that has the occasional lively moment but is mostly confusing, tedious nonsense.
Twenty-three reasons to avoid wasting your time with "The Number 23."
"The Number 23" is a movie that doesn't believe in itself.
They could have saved time and money and simply given paying customers cards reading, 'You have a small penis,' or 'Those pants make you look fat.' Surely that's an easier and more cost effective way to insult the audience.
Glaring flaws in the story makes it silly and too contrived to be a good thriller.
By the end, you'll want to stick around, if only to crack the Jim Carrey code: Is he a real actor after all, or is the rabid urgency with which he keeps trying to be the most real thing about him?
There are at least 23 reasons to avoid this snoozer of a stinker. ... Our audience started laughing in derision and yelling at the screen.
The movie isn't sufficiently lurid or campy to be enjoyable on an exploitative level and it's not well enough crafted to work as a more serious form of entertainment.
One of the many mysteries about the number 23 is why Jim Carrey and director Joel Schumacher thought audiences would share their fascination over the mysteries about the number 23.
Contrived, incomprehensible gibberish that exists for the sole purpose of exposing a miscast star in a career stretch for which he is pathetically unprepared. It's the worst kind of flop, a flop for its own sake.
Gimmicky numerology plus Jim Carrey minus narrative coherence equals The Number 23.
I can say I was never bored with The Number 23...so I guess that's a good sign that it works as a piece of entertainment if nothing else.
It's kind of amusing to watch Joel Schumacher trying to be David Fincher or David Lynch and failing miserably due to the weak material.
Genuinely intriguing in places and romps along at a satisfying pace for a conspiracy thriller.
There are probably at least 23 reasons why this thriller doesn't work.
There's a mess of things wrong with this suspense thriller. Start with the fact that it's neither suspenseful nor thrilling.
Shot by computer-enhanced shot, The Number 23 is impressive, but those shots don't come from anywhere or build on one another.
A big fat zero...an exhaustingly busy cinematic puzzle, this year's Butterfly Effect--but even less entertaining.
Things don't really add up in The Number 23, but you can count on some queasy chills and trashy thrills all the same.
Carrey is back with his funniest comedy in years. The bad news is that it's supposed to be a psychological thriller.
Schumacher keeps it pacy, the murky camerawork's very cool, Carrey suitably wide-eyed, but its limitations are finally only too obvious.
Drained in style, Schumacher's film is a sensless, incoherent psychological thriller burdened with a neat ending that must have been imposed for commercial considerations; this is yet another effort by Jim Carrey to stretch beyond his comedic persona.
Jim barely gets by as a dramatic actor, as a crazy on the loose in a thriller he's more Looney Tunes than lunatic.


@highlight

Jim Carrey has been sharp in a number of non-comedic roles, but this lurid, overheated, and self-serious potboiler is not one of them. The Number 23 is clumsy, unengaging, and mostly confusing.