This movie isn't more than 10 minutes old when that question pales next to these: How can you make a movie this bad with a double Oscar winner (Swank)? How can you use Scarlett Johansson so stupidly?
Most of us come to the shadows of modern noirs to be swept up in the guilt and intrigue, not to be abandoned in the thick of nonsense.
The Black Dahlia doesn't solve the eternal De Palma dilemma, but it sure does fascinate.
An over indulgent and often confusing stab at film noir, The Black Dahlia leaves little to be desired as director Brian De Palma continues to prove that his best days are behind him.
Visual marvel after visual marvel
DePalma is like a magician who dazzles us with a trick only to show us, alas, it really was only a trick, and in the meantime he's stolen our watch.
You've barely time to soak up one revelation before another one is dumped on you from a great height.
Won't do much to dissuade the common rap against De Palma as a cold technician who takes projects just for the elaborate set pieces they provide him.
With skeletons flying out of the closet at every turn, this overplotted mess unfolds more like a dumb, daytime soap opera than a well-crafted crime thriller.
You have to wonder just how vibrant the film would have been during the Reagan or Clinton administration, when De Palma was in his prime.
A stellar cast of marquee names, coupled with an all-star crew, can't make this entry work.
... ends up being forgettable enough that someone else in the future may still be able to take another stab at the idea.
I can't say anything really stood out in a positive way.
Filled with atmosphere and attitude to spare, "The Black Dahlia" is film noir at it's finest.
It meticulously resembles a 60 year-old Hollywood artifact, but with a contemporary cynicism.
The Black Dahlia is a good movie, a finely crafted, tasteful, polished, entertaining, and reasonably faithful adaptation of James Ellroy's novel. But it's not a great movie, and that third adjective above is one reason why.
The Black Dahlia revels in its stylish noir production, even though it gets lost in the maze of its zigzagging plot lines.
Ghost World: Keith Uhlich on The Black Dahlia for Reverse Shot's Brian de Palma symposium.
The Black Dahlia turns out to be something of questionable structural integrity, pieced together from old movies.
De Palma ... does little more than retrace his steps ...
At no time does the film turn into a satisfying mystery where the audience feels compelled to guess along with our racing detectives.
Frustrating but fascinating, with moments that refuse to be shrugged off
De Palma's lamentable decision to reign in his wild directorial flourishes certainly doesn't do the film any favors...
After two hours of meandering, convoluted indulgences and loose ends, 'The Black Dahlia' reveals a kinder, gentler Brian De Palma. He should be a good guy to have around.
An over cooked ham of a film, overstuffed with vampish performances and a narrative far too convoluted for its own good
The story is all over the place, leaving viewers with a complicated and disjointed picture that touches on interesting points without fleshing any of them out.
features amazing production design and a fascinating story at first, the film does eventually fall apart at the end.
full review in Greek
Until it derails while heading into its final turn, The Black Dahlia represents Brian De Palma's most assured moviemaking in at least a decade.
Kay is less a character than an image of the Dahlia's opposite (the blond/beige look versus the dark-haired/black-dressed look being your first clue).
Forty-five minutes in, I was already glancing at my watch and wondering why the only lively actress in this film was playing the dead girl. Go figure.
The Black Dahlia is both a studious new entry to the genre and a schizophrenic parody of it.
Highly stylized and overburdened with plot yet always engaging.
The movie, like the case, has some loose ends and some compelling moments.
With fall and its promise of better movies on the horizon, this movie, like "Hollywoodland," could have been among the most exciting of the new season. That neither is true for either movie isn't exactly encouraging.
A slick but empty period noir. De Palma can do better than this.
... Hillary Swank gives a Lauren Bacall edge to her femme fatale ...
the convoluted story never really takes hold, and eventually it all dissolves into low camp and unintentional self-parody.
Forget it, Jake. It's not Chinatown.
The Black Dahlia uses many cinematic contrivances that do not help tell the story of who killed Elizabeth Short.
The Black Dahlia is not a black mark on the talent track record of anyone involved. Yet with such a potentially powerful story, it should have been something very special.
The pairing of Ellroy and De Palma proves a marriage made in hardboiled heaven.
Ellroy's prose crawls into characters' secret hearts and under the reader's skin, but its foetid horrors become kitschy here, the script too streamlined and the lead performances too shallow to dredge the story's depths.
Gorgeously realised, gripping and doused in De Palma's familiar technical wizardry.
Dead on arrival.
Almost every decision that was taken here seems to have been the wrong one, from the casting of the callow, pleasant-looking Josh Hartnett as the sexually repressed cop hero, to the mellow sepia tones overlaying night-time Los Angeles.
It only works in fits and starts and the grand climax is too Rocky Horror to be true, yet the heady redolence of a bygone era still proves seductive.
The picture is a kind of fattened goose that's been stuffed with goose-liver pâté. It's overrich and fundamentally unsatisfying.
The Black Dahlia, sadly, is a whale of a groaner.
Brian De Palma's inventive filmmaking style turns this adaptation of the complex James Ellroy novel into a feast for the eyes, even if it's tough work keeping up with the story.
The Black Dahlia is no L.A Confidential but it's still an engagingly stylish detective thriller with strong performances.
Storytelling mechanics break down under the stress of too much information and not enough good acting.
This is far from one of the director's better efforts and should be avoided by all those who are not sworn De Palma boosters.
Reaffirms De Palma's status as American cinema's cruelest social satirist...
This time Mr. De Palma has traveled beyond camp into sloppy sadism, with the audience cast in the role of victim.
The movie jumps overboard during an insane third act that threatens to undercut the accomplished filmmaking that precedes it. It's such an engaging ride beforehand, though, that the freaky climax is forgivable.
doesn't skimp when it comes to dishing up plot twists and complications -- if you take a bathroom break at the wrong time, you will never catch up on who is embroiled in what...
De Palma should have called this sleazy murder mystery The Really Big Sleep.
This movie fails to hook early on, so you resist being taken where it wants to go, no matter how intriguing that destination may be.
Nails the tale's particulars but not its soul.
This is one sick puppy of a movie. It is also entertaining in its own way if you don't take it seriously, and really, how could you?
A movie best described as Chinatown on Acid, The Black Dahlia isn't so much neo-noir as it is funhouse-noir.
Mr. De Palma and his collaborators have been unable to translate Mr. Ellroy's depth of feeling into cinematic equivalents.
De Palma's typically graceful camerawork glides gorgeously from one plot point to another, but never settles down long enough to marinate in the heartsick dread this tale so desperately requires.
The film gets worse the longer it goes on, as Brian De Palma slowly loses confidence in his story and starts trying to compensate for it by engaging in overwrought melodramatics.
Film noir set in Los Angeles in 1947 is way too long, poorly acted, and covered with a haze of cigarette smoke.
L.A. Confidential, this isn't, but still worth a look, although you might as well wait for the DVD.
The director is more interested in seeing how many outrageously dazzling tricks he can pull off with his camera than he is in constructing a coherent or plausible storyline.
It's unusual to see a movie start off so strongly, only to collapse so badly by the finale. It begins like L.A. Confidential, but ends like a bad direct-to-video release.
'Character? Forget it. I'm playing me,' said Johansson. 'I'm the Burgess Meredith of T & A.'
Vilmos Zsigmond's lush cinematography alone is almost worth the price of admission, and Jenny Beavan's costumes remind us why the late 1940s were one of the best times for fashion in the modern era.
The climax retains its inchoate power, throwing you off balance.... From the glittering heap of a failed film rises the zesty aftertaste of something unexpectedly special.
Luridly entertaining mish-mash
Fiona Shaw's histrionics are so out there one could believe the entire crew was in drunken hysterics goading her on.
An appropriately misogynistic piece marred, nay, destroyed, by incomprehensibility.
To say [Hartnett] lacks charisma or screen presence is like saying Hurricane Katrina caused a few problems.
Words cannot possibly do justice to what a total monstrosity this film is.
There's fodder for a good film in the screaming headline material, but De Palma only gets a whiff of that ...
You can take it off the Oscar list, but is well worth a look regardless.
There are moments when The Black Dahlia projects a spectral world, but its ghosts in broad daylight are elusive at best.
The Black Dahlia feels wobbly and uncertain.
Despite genius-level contributions from cinematographer Vilmos Zsigmond and art director Dante Ferretti, the handsome film is almost abusively murky, trafficking in difficult-to-follow plot manipulations, arbitrary twists and mumbled dialogue.
In The Black Dahlia, narrative strands tangle and wither, and minor characters clutter the plot.
What it accomplishes with its stunning cinematography and set design is undercut by a lack of coherence.
A ludicrous mishmash undermined by ghastly performances and a hopelessly convoluted screenplay.
Black Dahlia wilts from a surfeit of incident and a shortage of credibility, owing to a script by Josh Friedman that eventually turns to soap and performances that approach the hilarity of a Guy Maddin melodrama.
Despite some weaknesses, The Black Dahlia remains curiously fascinating.
The Black Dahlia looks so terrific and is filled with so many imaginatively showy sequences and masterful directorial touches that you almost don't notice that, in every other way, it's just not a very good movie.
With the exception of Aaron Eckhart, De Palma's actors can't live up to the period or the atmosphere.
If few people break out laughing, it's because the fun is sordid, and because connecting the plot dots can induce a stupor.
De Palma throws everything at the screen, but almost nothing sticks.
It's not the most captivating James Ellroy adaptation ever made, but it's worth a look.
Josh Friedman's screenplay doesn't so much distill the flavor of James Ellroy's hard-boiled writing as serve up indigestible chunks of verbiage.
The Dahlia stars have the cigarettes and the cocktails and the lingo, but watching them here is like watching kids rehearse a drama in their parents' clothes.
The Black Dahlia is a NASCAR race all but ended by a spectacular wreck on the next-to-last lap.
The Black Dahlia has sparks of brilliance, swaths of dark intensity, unpredictable crackles of wit, some solid acting. But it's chiefly flat and ambling and dull, insufficient in musculature and overripe with melodrama.
A wrongheaded collaboration between two opposites that has too little of James Ellroy's mad passion and too much of Brian De Palma's irresponsible style.
Brian De Palma drains the life out of James Ellroy's take on the spectacularly cruel 1947 murder of a young Los Angeles woman known as the Black Dahlia.
Visually dazzling but ultimately disappointing.
The convoluted plot would be exhausting even if it were believable. It isn't.
Brian De Palma spent three years struggling to get The Black Dahlia made, which helps explain why the movie has the feel of something that was left in the oven too long: It's both overcooked and undernourishing.
Despite some amusing distractions, watching the big picture coalesce is not unlike watching someone complete a jigsaw puzzle. It all comes together eventually, but you already saw the image on the box.
Even though Hollywood is known for fakes and forgeries, from fake breasts to fake Rolexes and fake blood, you would think it would still know how to make a movie about itself.
What on paper seems to be the perfect marriage of maker and material turns out to be a bust in its finished form, a stagnant movie that revisits the ghosts of Los Angeles noir past without adding much to the canon.
Almost nothing works in this incoherent and uncompelling movie.
It's a wonderfully shot film that demands its actors show old-movie-star mettle.
Dahlia seethes with atmosphere, and Hollywood's underbelly is always worth an ogle.
No wonder The Black Dahlia has the suffocated tint of a face starved for oxygen -- this isn't film noir, it's film bleu.
In the end, stylish Dahlia gets bludgeoned with De Palma melodrama.
If you like any of the lead actors, don't go see this movie. If you like good movies, don't go see this movie. If you're a steady customer at Helga's House of Pain, this one's for you.
It's easier to navigate the highway system of modern L.A. than keep track of the ever-shifting tone and direction of The Black Dahlia, and the cast appears at least as perplexed as we are.
Dahlia feels like two completely different movies accidentally smooshed together. It doesn't work, though it does become more entertaining as it gets more ludicrous and convoluted.
This fictionalized tale of two Los Angeles detectives assigned to the gruesome 1940s murder of a real-life wannabe starlet begins as a slow but intriguing character study that gradually unravels into a turgid mess.
The zoot suits and fedoras look great, but without a script or hard-eyed private detective in sight, it's merely a production designer's exercise.
Such a heinous crime would seem ideal for the man who gave us Scarface, but Mr. De Palma uses the murder as a springboard for pretentious social commentary and garish exercises in camp.
De Palma doesn't seem to know what to do with these actors.
Such a shame that The Black Dahlia collapses into a gruesome pile of steaming camp in the last half hour.
Director Brian De Palma will probably take the rap for this tepid noir, but the real culprits are Josh Hartnett and Scarlett Johansson, red-hot lovers in life but (as ever) gorgeous stiffs on-screen.
De Palma has the perfect recipe for a madcap rollercoaster ride that never allows the viewer time to sit still and take stock.
Since The Black Dahlia more or less tells the story of an actress, a heinously murdered one at that, it makes sense that the first thing you notice about this so-so adaptation of James Ellroy's novel is the shoddy acting.
... there are some mysteries no one can solve. Including, apparently, the one that involves bringing The Black Dahlia satisfyingly to the screen.
Too often settles for standard B-movie contrivance, proving to disappointed ticket buyers the truth of this odd little movie's best line: 'Hollywood will f*** you when no one else will'.
The noir tension and jolting violence fall apart in the finale.
Unfortunately, rather than being his comeback film, The Black Dahlia is just the latest in a long line of disappointments from De Palma.
Delves into a visceral place, slashing through logic and proceeding from a purely physical, lascivious standpoint.
most fun is the high priestess of British stage, Fiona Shaw, who goes over the top as Madeleine's unbalanced mom. Her dinner scene alone with all of her epileptic-like tics and scowls is the grandest of Grand Guignol
Despite the juicy tabloid material and the filmmaking talent involved, "The Black Dahlia" is a bloated and oddly listless production.
"The Black Dahlia" is so cavalier about its plot and characters, so palpably uninterested in giving the audience a coherent, resonant story, that De Palma's noir exercise becomes an exercise in frustration.
As the character drama bogs down in Hartnett and Johansson's maudlin mumbling, De Palma starts to focus on shoehorning in a punchy setpiece or stylistic outrage.
A beautiful mess.
With such an accomplished cast assembled, Scarlett Johannson, Hilary Swank and Aaron Eckhart, director Brian De Palma should be slapped upside the head for allowing them to overact.
The writing is bad, and the cast overplays their roles to the point of silliness. The director has to take most of the blame.
[A]n 'interesting failure'... In the end, it doesn't quite work, but you probably won't be sorry you saw it...
Ambitiously well-made, sometimes laughably trashy, always interesting, and occasionally so odd you just have to chuckle, shake your head and say, 'Oh, De Palma....'
...sits on the screen, mysteriously inert and uninvolving....despite De Palma's always-reliable technical skills.... It may well be his worst film since the execrable Wise Guys.
De Palma's bliss in depicting the bruise-n-babes era roars at the senses like a 3-D effect, pushing Dahlia to wonderful heights of production detail.
Although the style amps the attractiveness of individual scenes, it undercuts believability across the whole.
Forget it, Bucky, the film seems to say. It's De Palma-town.
The Black Dahlia isn't just bad. It's impressively bad. I didn't think they could make a movie this bad.
Without some serious gravitas, the picture flies apart under the strain of Ellroy and De Palma's complementary psychoses.
He walked into my office like he knew he was trouble. 'Name's Hartnett,' he said. 'I'm looking for my career.'
De Palma has made a bizarre, baffling and at times flat-out bad movie. But at least it's rarely boring.
The early Oscar buzz is dead on arrival. You'll be laughing by the end, and not in a good way
This is so laughable it must be intended as camp. I was disappointed this wasn't a serious examination of the real Black Dahlia case. Oh, well, sometimes you don't get what you pay for and it's a pleasant surprise.
Unless you're familiar with the source material, following the intricacies of the Black Dahlia plot can be a frustrating experience and one that all but requires a detailed set of notes in order to keep up with the key players.
It is the style, stupid- the dialogue, the gloominess, the shadows, the doomed destiny that prevails over everything. This is right in line with these noir ideals, but tells the story with bravura and a technical prowess not available in the 1940s.
It slides from pulp classic to guilty pleasure to cautionary example to full-bore train wreck.
it seems time to stop making excuses for the man -- Brian de Palma has become one very bad director.
Most Brian De Palma movies, as abhorrent as they are, have an ironic sense of purity. 'The Black Dahlia' is a jumbled mess.
The best you can say about The Black Dahlia: For people who like this kind of thing, this is the kind of thing they will like.
The Black Dahlia, set in the 1940s, exists to make L.A. Confidential look like God's gift to noir by comparison.
There are some virtuoso moments (the discovery of the mutilated corpse is extremely well done and blessedly ungraphic), but overall the result is much less than prime De Palma.
Not quite as good as the film made from another Ellroy novel, L.A. Confidential, The Black Dahlia is a stylish noir in the same vein, with rat-a-tat-tat hipster dialogue, tough guys, hoods, dirty cops, gangsters and molls.
There's more moral weight in one paragraph of James Ellroy's somber 1987 novel The Black Dahlia than in all 121 minutes of Brian De Palma's florid, sprawling, self-satisfied film version.
If you've heard anything about this movie, from the floating film festival persiflage to the test and press screening whispers, you know one thing: it climaxes strangely.
Excessive exposition, subplots, and secondary characters distract from the title story about the barbaric 1947 murder of Elizabeth Short, a striving 22-year-old actress at odds with the treacherous streets of Los Angeles.
De Plama losses control of the tone as the story and its characters spin wildly over the top.
When you need persistence and passion in a role, Josh Hartnett is not your man.
A film as vivid, outrageous and thrilling as Hollywood itself.
Such a baroque, incoherent mess it fails to please as a period piece or a murder mystery.
De Palma has finally made a movie in which his bravura filmmaking aesthetic complements an intriguing story rather than smokescreens a mediocre one.
In reaching for tragic grandeur and psychological complexity, the movie takes on a lot of baggage that it can't quite carry.
The Black Dahlia is an essay in incoherence. The confusion wouldn't matter if there were any feeling onscreen, but the blood and innards seem missing from the movie, too.
Brian De Palma's film honors Ellroy's grim prose but can't accommodate his byzantine plot. What seems rich and intricate on the page is tangled and impenetrable onscreen.
Swank's character and her performance are good enough to merit a movie of their own, instead of serving as fourth wheel to this lifeless ménage à trois.
As the plot becomes more convoluted, the tone more overripe and the performances heedlessly over-the-top, the picture digs its own film noir grave -- all look and no substance.
This muddled late-career meditation on Hollywood artifice and ambition only captures brief flashes of the director's former glory. The rest just feels like a bad joke.
If only the story could have the same grimy buildup as the windows through which Brian De Palma looks with voyeuristic glee. He makes the final act a graphic tumble into mayhem that focuses only on the tragedy's sex and blood, not its mental anguish.
There are so many missteps in Brian De Palma's THE BLACK DAHLIA that one hardly knows where to start
Plot threads get tangled in a florid web of confusion, and the cast's tawdry, melodramatic antics often evoke unintentional amusement.
Beautiful to look at, but irritating to sit through.
A gorgeous, glorious tribute to old Hollywood and crime noir that's only marred by a confounding ending.
It's an old-fashioned noir made in the gallows-smirk spirit of L.A. Confidential.
A stylish but oddly flat exercise in noir conventions, a homage that doesn't so much honor its models as alternately embalm and ridicule them.
There's something irresistible about this convoluted puzzler, a bracing who-dunnit-ness that has its female leads to thank for its sleazy fancy.
The Black Dahlia case was already the basis for an excellent, infinitely-better fictionalized film built around it, 1981's True Confessions starring Robert De Niro and Robert Duvall.
De Palma's Black Dahlia captures exactly what I see in my head when I read James Ellroy's novels.
Too ragged a film translation from the book and the headlines, far from fully satisfying, but a tour de force of style and mood.
The tragedy of Black Dahlia is that there is no finality for anyone--solving the "mystery," so to speak, counts for next-to-nothing.
Not about the horrific murder and lacks erotic appeal. Hartnett cries a lot. De Palma kills the golden goose.
De Palma and Ellroy - for the most part it's a marriage made in noir nirvana.
The real case of the Black Dahlia was never solved, and watching this film we understand why: the story is just way too complicated.
The second half feels heavy and unfulfilled, potential greatness reduced to a good movie plagued with problems.
A literally ripping good yarn is undercut by some lackluster performances and late-inning overripe melodrama.
Meticulously mounted with bravura filmmaking that technically serves well the noir crime yarn, but the text is emotionally hollow.







@highlight

Though this ambitious noir crime-drama captures the atmosphere of its era, it suffers from subpar performances, a convoluted story, and the inevitable comparisons to other, more successful films of its genre.