Mediocre and illogical retro horror pic about a malevolent dummy.
If you're in the mood for a Saturday afternoon-ish throwback thriller, you could certainly do a hell of a lot worse than this one.
A very creepy little ditty that works once it rears up to the second half.
A Nightmare on Dummy St. from Saw creators.
All dolls are inherently freaky, but there's something seriously bent about a little wooden man with bulging eyes, shiny cheeks, and perfect chompers.
Plodding and bereft of suspense, "Dead Silence" is an irredeemable jumble of cliché genre fragments.
"Dead Silence" is not going to reinvent the genre. It's actually a big pile of nonsense, but that doesn't stop it from being fun nonetheless.
Wan and Whannell have a carnivalesque sense of fun and a sure instinct for recycling classic horror tropes, but their characters are so flat and their plotting so listless that this low-budget feature fails to generate much suspense.
It's awful. It eats your soul, it's so awful.
All Wan and Whannell know is shock-and-awe tactics. They may shock, but there's no awe.
For the love of Chucky, avoid this insipid attempt at reviving the killer doll horror.
...an ambitious misfire.
There's something quaintly charming about the filmmakers' unabashed affection for their inspirational source material, although the sense of over-familiarity means that none of it is in the least bit scary.
Poorly written, badly directed and ultimately scare-free horror flick that's further hindered by dismal performances and unintentionally laughable dialogue.
It's woefully flat and not nearly as scary as it thinks it is. It almost makes one yearn for Saw. But not quite.
I admit that I didn't see the daft last-minute twist coming, and sort of admired it, but for the rest you'd need an extravagant love of hokum not to feel mildly bored.
Dead Silence is redeemed by a so-bad-it-is-good factor.
It's also a bit shocking that a movie this mediocre is getting a cinema release at all. Dead Silence more resembles one of those five-quid DVDs you find in petrol stations.
This is Days Of Our Lives for the living dead - possibly the only film in history to prompt the reaction, 'That would have been worse, if not for Donnie Wahlberg's acting talent!' and far more predictable than you'd expect from the director of Saw.
"Who's the dummy now?" she rasps. Well, you are if you waste your hard-earned on this tepid retread of Dickie Attenborough's 1978 Magic, a curious stumble from Leigh Whannell and James Wan after the success of their Saw gore-fests.
there's something about its overblown stormy-night atmospherics and reliably dismal dialogue that's bad in almost a fun way. I'd rather laugh through this kind of harmless, rickety schlock, any day, than grimace through Saw III.
A reasonable shocker.
The sensual pleasure in watching this kind of horror movie depends entirely on your tolerance for ear-splitting jolts of shock. In the end, though, the film sags like a David Lynch pudding.
It's hard to imagine anybody's spine being chilled by a relentlessly average spooker as empty-headed as its wooden villain.
The muddled plot and stilted dialogue irritate to the point where you're tempted to side with the villain.
It's affectionately done, but rather pointless.
Though it contains few chilling images, mainly involving creepy ventriloquist dummies and scary faces advancing toward the camera, the story is fairly routine.
It's great seeing Wahlberg getting the chance to have fun with the character, who proves to be a highlight of the film, and one almost wishes he might get his own spin-off film or series at some point -- though judging by the events of Dead Silence, that
A film of such pointlessness, a film with neither thrill nor chill, an exercise of such tedium that it delivers nary a scare and sends no pulses a-racing.
A good idea, but one that's poorly executed in most aspects
I expected more from the guys who "Saw" their way into a cult horror franchise.
Somehow operates under the assumption that a dumb nursery rhyme, a colorless visual palette punctuated by deep reds, and some creaky dolls will frighten anyone over the age of five.
A nutty but effective ghost story that eschews the 'Saw' team's usual ultraviolence for 'classic horror' influences, including images inspired by Mario Bava and a twist lifted from a short story by Robert 'Psycho' Bloch.
Even without the mechanized death that made the Saw movies such a sensation, it doesn't take long to realize that director James Wan and writer Leigh Whannell are merely trying to replace one twisty, gimmicky franchise with another.
A kicky exercise in spook-show atmospherics that manages to hit all the right notes while never quite coalescing into the Dario Argento-esque aria of creepiness it so clearly aspires to.
Warming your hands over a burning ten-dollar bill is preferable to watching this film.
'Beware the film of Mary Shaw's; it had no scares, only flaws.'
Wan certainly doesn't capitalize on his Saw fame.
Formulas are great for chemistry, but relying on them in movies only leads to tedium -- in this case, tedium interspersed with occasional bouts of gore.
All of this is then capped off by an ending so hilarious, so inane, that it could only have come from the idiots that made Saw.
A straightforward, chilly ghost story like this is rare, and this one is good enough for a few scares and a few laughs.
Terrified of puppets? Enjoy being scared? Then you'll be half-satisfied with Dead Silence, a rote horror pantomime.
It's at least a few corpses shy of the cemetery in terms of horror classics, but it's a game try, and parts of the film are very good indeed.
A profoundly silly movie that makes very little sense and features all of the genre clichés that the original Saw tried hard to avoid.
Dolls are innately unnerving, but the movie's semi-menacing Charlie McCarthys never live up to their potential.
The film has plenty of unsettling atmosphere, tension and general graveyard oogie-boogie, but you can't care about the characters or their incomprehensible predicament, so those chills and thrills never go all the way to gripping. They stop at griping.
Armed with a decent budget, director James Wan and co-screenwriter Leigh Wannell fashion at least a dozen sequences that are spooky even while they defy logic.
The movies have always asked us to suspend our disbelief, but Dead Silence demands our ignorance of its own derivations. A conflation of the horror genre's laziest tropes, plot angles and shorthands.
Formulaic and rather lazy exercise in booga-booga scare tactics.
While one might wish to commend Wan and company for making a horror pic that's less reliant on gore and gross sadism than the ones that they're normally associated are, what they're serving up as an alternative really lacks.
[Director] Wan isn't on sure footing with his actors -- Wahlberg is stilted as the tough-guy cop, and Kwanten is blandly uninteresting. Even at a brisk 90 minutes, the story still feels painfully attenuated.
The movie's uninteresting characters, boneheaded dialogue and flagrantly nonsensical narrative detract considerably from the virtues of the visual design.
Director Wan demonstrates that he's equally effective working in a more classical vein, especially with his skillful use of chilling low-key sound effects and silence in several scary sequences.
This new movie is a more credible, less grisly act of filmmaking , but it's a less compelling exercise. It doesn't have the ruthless moral reasoning of the first two Saw pictures, however grotesque and specious that reasoning was.
Saw creators Leigh Whannell and James Wan know scary: all that stuff that heebie-jeebied you when you were a kid. (Or as Entertainment Weekly would say: Dead Silence is awash with atavistic horror tropes.)
Dead Silence is boring as often as it is insane. For a movie about a dead old woman who doesn't care that it's rude to stare at people, and relives her bad habit through a ventriloquist dummy that looks like Andy Garcia, that's unacceptable.
Watching it, the amateur, institutionalized filmmaker might think, "Well, there it is--the movie to which I aspire." For the rest of us, however, things are predictably bleak.
There's no attempt at humor in Dead Silence, but the biggest sin in the film is the lack of scares.
Not even the most timid moviegoer will feel in jeopardy while watching 'Dead Silence," a mild slasher flick short on gore and scares.
Goes to show how dumb some people in the movie industry think the general public is.
Dead Silence [isn't perfect but] it is still a decent, if somewhat wooden, entry in the underutilized area of ventriloquist dolls in the horror movie genre.
Wan lays it on thick, for sure, but without feeling and (even worse) without reason.
The film's playfully self-aware touches (like a grand old theater named the Guignol) distract from its leaden pacing, three too many final twists and various behavioral idiocies.
Dead Silence is another shallow and shoddy spooky showcase that fills up on its atmospheric thrills more so than dispensing the roguish chills.
For those who like the little hairs to stand at fright attention on the back of the neck while gulping popcorn down the front, though, there's a new three-foot-tall creep in town.
A perfunctory, cynical movie, made by people who must know how unfrightening their film is and how idiotic its 'surprise' ending is.
Ultimately undone by not only amateurish acting but also DOA dialogue.
Hidden from critics for a reason.
Fans coming from the Saw franchise are going to be bored to death by Dead Silence.
There is little wit and even less ingenuity here, the film lacking suspense, shocks and scares almost the entire way through.
The spirit of Edward D. Wood Jr. is alive and well, and currently taking up residence in the movies of James Wan and Leigh Whannell.
A gothic chiller in which morbid atmospherics and simmering suspense build to an ingenious third-act climax.
This Silence is definitely D.O.A.,...a genre movie that's well-produced, but extremely silly and not at all scary.
It's a sad state of affairs when you're more interested in the horror movie trailers that play before the feature film.





@highlight

More tasteful than recent slasher flicks, but Dead Silence is undone by boring characters, bland dialogue, and an unnecessary and obvious twist ending.