Director Andrew Dosunmu (who directed Restless City two years ago) graciously helms screenwriter Darci Picoult's story of Adenike (Danai Gurira of The Walking Dead), a young Nigerian woman who's relocated from her native country to Brooklyn, New York...
It's the technical end of Mother of George that truly elevates the film.
Has the advantage of novelty and authenticity, but Dosunmu's ellipitical and self-consciously tasteful approach robs the material of some of its power...
An engaging immigrant drama of the traditional Nigerian experience in NYC.
There is a lot of wisdom in this film. There is strength in the old traditions, and error, too. In America, many people don't have these old traditions to guide them. They are something to hold onto, and that is a comfort.
After a while it's hard to take Dosunmu's barrage of off-center compositions ... dialogue sequences that have the actor converse with empty space, and close-ups that reduce faces and objects to blobs of light.
It takes about 60 seconds before the elegant "Mother of George" has you firmly inside the world it has created.
It's a beautiful and heartbreaking film.
Serious cinema of the globalist sort.
In the end, "George" becomes almost as irritating as that mother-in-law.
It's a powerfully sensual movie, gorgeously lensed colors and textures conveying its characters emotional states while thoughtfully exploring the range of human sexuality through Adenike's experience.
Just when it seems as if there are no new worlds for cinema to explore, a movie like "Mother of George" comes along to prove otherwise.
The whole cast is good, but the film wouldn't work without a great performance from Gurira, who is of Zimbabwean descent.
The joy is in the detail of Dosunmu's film, the nuance of a relationship as richly complex as the African print dresses that Adenike favours.
Mother of George might work better with an operatic score, for all its brooding, pain, and masochism.Arias, anyone?
[A] lushly detailed and passionately performed melodrama ...
From the acting...to the music (especially Strauss's "Four Last Songs), it is remarkably full of life.
Gurira acts with fire and pride and, at times, a despair bordering on instability.
The cinematography by Bradford Young is rich-toned and lustrous, and the film, until it bogs down in melodramatics, has a sensual ease. We are not looking at these people from the outside. Dosunmu pulls us deep inside.
The movie's an eyeful, and the filmmakers' attention to surface texture results in passages of genuine eroticism.
In [cinematographer Bradford Young's] striking compositions, shapes and patterns repeat, colors convey meaning (watch how - and when - rust and purple appear in Adenike, Ayodele and Biyi's clothing).
Frustrations one family faces between tradition and assimilation, freedom and obligation, success and personal fulfillment feels as movingly universal as culturally specific.
An unexpected gem about true love, infertility and a meddling mother-in-law.
A stunningly imagined account of African immigrant life in present-day Brooklyn.
Oddly, the gradual pacing, with scenes that stress the pace of chill human interaction over narrative thrust, helps make the third act more powerful: The genuine catastrophe that results is made even more intense by the shagginess that preceded it.
Darci Picoult's script renders all of these characters, if not always sympathetically, humanly and fully.
The film forgoes the usual neo-realistic approach toward this sort of material for a painterly, meticulously composed technique. The result is transfixing.
The imagery in Mr. Dosunmu's film is consistently surprising and lush. Even the straight-ahead portraits of his characters, used as emotional caesuras, are rich in colors and textures. But he's a storyteller, too ...
Director Andrew Dosunmu's film is big-hearted and rich, frequently using slow motion to underscore an artful intimacy.
Human beings are mysterious and surprising. There is something irresistible about a movie that reaches that conclusion.
We want to get as close as possible to these characters, but for all its admirable elements, the film that frames them keeps us frustratingly aloof.
This is one of the most striking entries in the 2013 global wave of black cinema, but also admittedly one that poses hurdles to audiences with conventional expectations.
Beautiful, poetic, and hard-hitting without the use of excessive force and deeply layered with evolving and regional nuances of feminine experience.
A glimpse of a Nigerian couple living in Brooklyn who are trying to get pregnant.
When so many scenes are freighted with portent, one moment doesn't feel any more significant than the last...nothing the characters do is ever surprising; one expected revelation and argument follows the other.
The actors are both superb, conveying suppressed feeling through falters in their perpetual poker faces.
Working from a script by playwright Darci Picoult, Dosunmu fashions a tale that's realistic, melodramatic and culturally specific, yet unmistakably archetypal.
The poetic visuals create a disorienting sense of being at once immersed in the characters' world and kept at a distance.
Simply relating the narrative of Andrew Dosunmu's seductive immigrant drama Mother of George would do little to convey the film's stark, poetic power, much less its extraordinary visual and sonic acumen.
Mother of George is a seemingly straightforward film with some complex underlayers. Why do we want what we want?
This world is ravishingly beautiful, but there's also something oppressive about its exoticism. The color doesn't just saturate the frame; it thickens it.
A colorful look at Nigerians in Brooklyn focusing on a woman's climactic decision that will make or break her marriage.

@highlight

Director Andrew Dosunmu's style takes some getting used to, but Mother of George compensates with powerful acting, a thoughtful script, and gorgeous visuals.