The only surprise here is that the misogynistic screenplay was written by three females.
The screenplay is written by three females, who write women like they hate them and men like they've never met a real one.
The ugly truth about this film is that it may convince males out there that it's okay to be a pig.
[It] attempts to be hip and edgy by featuring plenty of discussions about boy parts and girl parts and how they become friends with one another. However, the makers of this film clearly have no idea about how men and women actually interact.
If all you need is a fix of puerile smut and puddle-deep romantic giggles and can't wait for the next episode of Two and a Half Men, The Ugly Truth should do the trick.
The Ugly Truth has all the honesty and romance of an Axe body spray commercial.
...there's no finesse or scarcity to lend impact to the vulgarity. It's handled with all the craftsmanship of an infant wielding an arc welder.
A putative romantic comedy about the fundamental differences between men and women, it reduces both genders to emotional cripples while failing to find any humor in the situation.
...a mildly diverting yet thoroughly uninvolving romantic comedy...
click for the full review
As a girls'-night-out movie for those in the right frame of mind, it gets some laughs, even a few big ones. But this opposites-attract comedy is wildly uneven: There are long stretches of down time, and some of the humor is so crude it backfires.
Apparently, the ugly truth is that neither sex needs or deserves respect. How romantic. The 'Sex and the City' gals would be proud.
Formula can be fun, as it is here.
This lackluster, stereotypical movie attempts to update its shopworn formula with a stream of four letter words and sexually crude phrases in Judd Apatow fashion but ends up turning off everyone in the process.
Allowing the characters to talk dirty adds nothing to the chick flick formula.
THE UGLY TRUTH isn't as painfully predictable as THE PROPOSAL, and it's funnier too. That doesn't mean it's a complete success. I never really wanted the two leads to end up with each other, and the transition in which they fall in love is clunky.
Yet another wearying "battle-of-the-sexes" romp that's sure to please dumb people but didn't please me.
Daring and dirty, making it so delicious.
Heigl is said to have fallen out with Apatow since the making of Knocked Up. Maybe she should reconnect with him.
Ugly can't Describe the Truth about this Film
It's hard to believe the script is attributed to three women, because this could send the Women's Movement back sixty years.
An old-fashioned battle-of-the-sexes comedy refurbished with the kind of language (mostly about oral sex) that would once have made a maiden blush.
The film is desperate to be edgy, but its attempts at adult humour are woefully misjudged.
While [Heigl] and co-star Gerard Butler give good performances, the film's the same predictable fluff we've all seen before - and seen done better.
The ugly truth about this insipid romcom is that Katherine Heigl and Gerard Butler are entirely wasted.
... horribly stale cookie cutter rom-com that is full of fake emotions, dead spots where the laughs belong, and a thoroughly unconvincing storyline.
There's nothing wrong with the leads, Heigl and Butler, except that every scene they're in plays as if they met five seconds before Luketic yelled "Action!"
Grocery shopping is arguably a more novel experience than Robert Luketic's The Ugly Truth.
Everybody loves a good romantic comedy. Unfortunately, nobody gets one in "The Ugly Truth," a crude movie that won't be a surprise for anyone who sees where the genre is going, which essentially is down a dark hole of no return.
It's not as risqué as it wishes it were, nor as likable as it should be. Butler's rarely been better-cast, but the material's too patchy to support him .
We're left with a few giggles and the option to be offended by the gender stereotypes - if we can be bothered.
If one were to take a buzzsaw to The Ugly Truth, its arterial spray would drip down the wall to form the coagulated word 'generic'.
By the end, you actually want these two cardboard cutouts to get together.
There is, in fact, a spark of chemistry between Heigl and Butler: it's testimony to the ineptitude that the film itself acts as such a wet blanket.
A romantic comedy with a glacier where its heart should be.
This fails to achieve anything special or spectacular and what we're left with is a rather run-of-the-mill, albeit more raunchy and definitely enjoyable, tale of opposites attracting.
This is a romcom made very much in the ribald spirit of lad-centric comedies such as The Hangover, and it makes a refreshing change. Sappy, it ain't.
The big shame ... is that Heigl must wade through a string of second-rate gags. Her comedic talent deserves much more.
One of the uglier truths about The Ugly Truth is that its screenplay was co-written by three women who have really sold their gender down the river. Way to represent the cause, ladies.
Romantic comedies aren't meant to be believable, but this one really stretches it. Nevertheless there is some enjoyment to be found.
Legally Blonde director Luketic keeps the film light and frothy, and the script (penned by three women) isn't afraid to flavour the romance with a little raunch.
Surprisingly sharp and sassy, this romcom for grown-ups is like many a romantic dalliance - the thrill of the chase is more fun than the catch.
A comedy so utterly mechanical that you can smell the grease lubricating the nuts and bolts.
If this film was a pizza it would be a Margherita - it fills a hole but could do with a few more ingredients.
There hasn't been be a more loathsome, depressing or woman-hating movie this year. This is a new low in romantic comedy.
For a mostly female rom-com audience, Butler simply grins like a chimp on heat.
In the age of neurotic screen hygiene each film must have an anti-Messiah who takes on the dirt of all. Elsewhere, wit-free dialogue combines with dust-free scenery and foible-free characters.
What I hated most of all was the script , which smears these so-called insights into the sex wars with pointless (and witless) crudity. More depressing still, it's written by three women.
Everything about The Ugly Truth is so laboured and predictable that it feels as if a computer programme must have been involved in its creation.
It's actually hard to tell who's less likeable in this ugly, unfunnily vulgar battle of the sexes: Heigl's prim control freak or Butler's dim sexist.
Tedious, painfully unfunny romantic comedy that fails thanks to a smug, unnecessarily smutty script.
The jokes are so few and far between that you can see them backing into position up to 15 minutes in advance - like a ten-ton truck making a bad-gag delivery.
The ugly truth about this limp misfire is that its plotting springs not from a lack of imagination, but from a lack of respect for light romance and the audience. It's only a "chick flick" and we're only sentimentalists - so who cares?
The ugly truth about The Ugly Truth is that it exposes the absolute contempt the genre once again displays for its women characters.
Concerns about truth and untruth can't mean much in a movie called The Ugly Truth.
The comic highlight is when Heigl wears a pair of vibrating pants to a business dinner.
Despite the obvious chemistry between the two leads, and comic moments inspired by classic romance stories, the film fails to deliver above the usual romantic slush.
You want the truth? They don't come much uglier than this.
A truly wretched romcom, which combines tired battle-of-the-sexes cliches with a shocking amount of raunchiness. It's a romantic comedy that fails at both romance and comedy.
Oh, what truth there is in advertising. 'The Ugly Truth' truly is an ugly movie with an ugly message: That once women realize men are only out for one thing, they need to cheapen themselves to land a man.
Exactly the kind of movie He's Just Not That Into You was warning you about.
The 'Gerard Butler Emasculation Saga' continues in this rueful rom-com.
If you're expecting a sophisticated battle of the sexes comedy with smart, witty dialogue, you'll be disappointed, but there's genuine chemistry between Katherine Heigl and Gerard Butler, and in director Robert Luketic's hands, there's fun to be had
I liked the Gerard Butler half of The Ugly Truth; the Katherine Heigl half, not so much.
There's this thing the studio publicists insist on calling 'an unexpected result.' It's the sort of unexpected result that happens when Christmas falls on December 25.
They've taken an old done to death plot and tried to make it modern by adding streams of profanity and sex talk; doesn't work.
I think it's safe to say that the concerns about sexism in cinema that Heigl voiced so ardently after her career-making turn in Knocked Up have ebbed in direct proportion to the increases in her subsequent paychecks.
Predictable romcom mixes racy content, sexist messages.
It's just not believable.
While the cast is watchable, the film simply has nothing original to say.
The Ugly Truth has a nice moment here and there, but there is much more ugliness than truth.
Ugly, and that's the truth!
...despite some execrable dialogue, the clocklike predictability of the jokes and a total lack of faith in the audience's powers of discernment, Heigl and Butler almost pull it off.
Here's the REAL ugly truth: The Ugly Truth is an uninspiring romantic-comedy rehash.
So raunchy and tiresome - it could turn a date-night into a disaster.
Left to her own devices, Heigl drowns in the role, but Butler always steps in with a life preserver of comedic timing and saves most of the scenes.
The Ugly Truth is a highly calculated attempt to recalibrate with raunch the family entertainment template and cash in.
Aside from being relational science-fiction, The Ugly Truth feels about 150 years out of date -- or it would, if the script weren't so clinically dependent on the topics of masturbation and genitalia and raunch.
Say no to Hollywood hackery and cynical, demographic-courting filmmaking. Say no to movies made by people who condescend and treat you like bleating sheep. Say no to The Ugly Truth.
In an attempt to ride the comic coattails of the Judd Apatow comedies, The Ugly Truth is full of crude and profane language, but it comes across as awkwardly inappropriate rather than edgy.
The Ugly Truth is about as subtle as a boulder rolling downhill through a crowded playground.
Despite the fact that it swims in a veritable ocean of romantic comedy clichés, The Ugly Truth should manage to captivate and charm men and women alike.
Ugly is, indeed, the word for any comedy that manages to insult both its cast and audience with nearly every scene.
The Ugly Truth isn't really as truthful as it thinks, and its "brave" pushing of the envelope of taste isn't even as transgressive as your typical HBO series.
The ugly truth is that Gerard Butler's fingers-across-the-blackboard performance makes The Ugly Truth painful to endure.
The ugly truth about The Ugly Truth is the fact that -- funny though it is -- it could have been a whole lot funnier.
Romantic comedies are an increasingly debased genre, but few recent Hollywood products have been anywhere near as crass and contrived as The Ugly Truth.
Until that final, inevitable kiss, we have to listen to them, and the clatter of their crude, brainless exchanges is unbearable.
As rom-coms go, this isn't the weakest you'll see this year or month, and the unusual R rating allows it to slip into moments of refreshing edginess.
Look, it's only fair. If impressionable frat boys can enjoy The Hangover this summer and impressionable teenagers can enjoy Transformers: Revenge of the Fallen, then why not give impressionable women their own imbecilic film?
With its set 'em up, knock 'em down series of cliches, The Ugly Truth marks off the romantic comedy checklist.
The Ugly Truth stands or falls on the farce skills of Heigl. I like her, and I liked her in this movie.
[W]hat kind of self-hat[red] is involved on the parts of three female screenwriters who collaborate to create [a] horrid female protagonist... and then go on to treat her in such an unforgivable way[?]
The truth is this movie is ugly, in spirit and execution.
Here's a romantic comedy where the female lead ends up in the arms of a sexual manipulator. You go, girl!
Opposites attract, but you'll really wish they hadn't by the time The Ugly Truth is through.
The Ugly Truth can't escape its own ugly truth, that the central characters are written to extremes both ludicrous and tiring.
The film is so predictable that it might as well have been written as a test classroom exercise in RomCom 101.
The Ugly Truth wants to have it both ways, reveling in a misogyny it claims to deplore.
What appeared to be another cliché romantic comedy, The Ugly Truth adds the raunchy angle and delivers some very decent laughs with your expected ending.
At least the funny stuff keeps you laughing once in a while, but the romantic portion feels forced and becomes quite boring
A crass, simple-minded and highly contrived R-rated comedy that's nonetheless outrageously funny and irresistibly entertaining.
A movie without a single memorable scene or quotable line.
Parental Content Review
The ugly truth about the eager-to-please The Ugly Truth is that Katherine Heigl and Gerard Butler are all wrong for each other -- and all wrong for this disappointingly ordinary film.
While it may have been directed by a man, albeit one with all the talent of a water bra, it's screenplay is credited to three women who have managed to make Defending the Caveman seem like the height of exposing our Martian tendencies.
The amount of truth in The Ugly Truth is null and void, and that means you're just left with The Ugly.
Contrived as a crossover between a female-friendly romantic comedy and a male-targeted, anti-political correctness jab, The Ugly Truth veers between crude and cloying.
A cynical, clumsy, aptly titled attempt to cross the female-oriented romantic comedy with the male-oriented gross-out comedy.
I know this is supposed to be a comedy, but the film does not even have a single moment of truth or substance.
At some point somebody in Hollywood decided that all romantic comedies would involve a meeting between subject A, who is neurotic and tightly-wound, and subject B, who is refreshingly unrestrained and free-spirited.
Formulaic, stupid, and unfunny in all the usual ways. Is there no more ingenuity in Hollywood? Can no one think of new ways for movies to be irritating and pointless?
Too polished and professionally by-the-numbers to represent rock bottom in the battle of the sexes genre, but with material this mundane it's hard not to wish someone would've put up a better fight.
The ugly truth of The Ugly Truth is that it is, yet again, another in a long line of recent Hollywood romantic comedies that for some reason hates women.
This must-see date movie provides valuable insights into the mysteries of what makes men and women tick.
The Ugly Truth is two movies for the price of one, but don't get too excited. You're not getting twice the entertainment, just twice as ripped off.
By the end of the movie, you are rooting for the two of them to get together only because their foul union would presumably prevent other innocent souls from being sucked into their respective vortexes of pain and tedium.
Turning up once again as a neurotic, upwardly mobile and oddly gorgeous but luckless in love television drone, Heigl seems most challenged, not with figuring out men, but pretending that she's not capable of roping one in.
There is little chemistry between co-stars Katherine Heigel and Gerard Butler in this charmless war of the sexes story, but there is even less between its two genres.
"Beats the @%$# out of me," says Butler when asked why he secretly loves her. Us too, but it's grating to when every scene is about her being wrong and him being right
A blandly raunchy star vehicle that does its stars few favors.
In its wan attempt to be raunchy, the picture fails where Judd Apatow has usually succeeded; written by three women, this is a girl's mistaken idea of an R-rated comedy.
This asinine romantic comedy doesn't have an original bone in it's body.
If you like things that are predictable, I can predict you'll love "The Ugly Truth," a new romantic comedy starring Katherine Heigl and Gerard Butler. I sincerely doubt anyone else will respond to its labored scenes and smutty, tittering, unfunny jokes.
Butler almost made me forget a naked Leonidas. Here is the benchmark for charisma and chemistry with a co-star.
Under the direction of Robert Luketic, The Ugly Truth is pleasingly glossy, refreshingly snarky and startlingly sexy.
Toss this ugly crap to the curb, along with the other multiplex garbage, and see a romance that gets it right. I'm talking (500) Days of Summer.
Do I really have to go through it? Can't we all just rewatch Woman of the Year instead?
The biting revelation promised by the title of Robert Luketic's fluff never bares its teeth.
...turns out to be not half bad, a bag mixed with a good running gag weaving around mechanical romcom cliches played out with charisma by Butler and featuring Heigl in agreeable mode.
The script is crude and obvious, but there is a good idea here -- inverting the classic Cyrano de Bergerac story with a gender switch.
Here's hoping that this unfunny comedy doesn't set both sexes back by 50 years.
The people responsible for The Ugly Truth were also responsible for Legally Blonde. That must have been a once-in-a-lifetime thing since this new movie is only half as entertaining as the other one.
Katherine Heigl and Gerard Butler are charismatic with the right material, but that right material eludes them in this bland, rudderless romantic comedy.
An ugly, mean-spirited romantic comedy that lacks comedy and romance.
Heigl and Butler have real chemistry together, but The Ugly Truth is the sort of rom-com apparatus that no relationship can overcome.
The "ugly" truth about this film is that it's all artifice and very little amusement.
Slow and odorous, The Ugly Truth is mired in phoniness up to its neck. And above that, there's nothing.
Not even the delightful Katherine Heigl can save this flubbed romantic comedy from its ludicrous depiction of a woman who hands herself over to a macho man for a makeover.
Any comic banter is dulled by Butler's strained effort to swallow his Scottish brogue and deliver his lines in some kind of inscrutable American accent and Heigl's halfhearted attempt to dial down her glamour quotient.
The film's central romance flips and flops like a dying fish.
Katherine Heigl and Gerard Butler are so pleasant in The Ugly Truth that it's a shame to spoil their party. But toil and try as they do, the comedy bogs down in relentless predictability and the puzzling overuse of naughty words.
The Ugly Truth is proof that when dealing with such movies, oftentimes the only thing separating the complete trash from the sort-of-trash is the actors.
Hollywood, it seems, has lost the knack of how to make a good romantic comedy.
Laugh out loud funny; every guy should drag his girlfriend to this movie. Women may laugh at what Butler says, but they should take notes.
The Ugly Truth isn't fizzy and fun -- it's vacuously snappy.
It's just more of the same formulaic relationship poppycock that needs to have its mouth washed out with soap.
The Ugly Truth? That's half right.
Butler has a funny way with a line and a natural comic virility, something Heigl's previous leads lacked. But they don't click as a couple, perhaps because they're kept apart by a wordy script overloaded with blue banter.
This Butler-Heigl mismatch drop-kicks romcom from the RocknRolla sublime to the Apatow depths.
A misogynistic, hateful, profane comedy that gives charm the heave-ho, punts away any viable dramatic hold within the first five minutes, and reduces the age-old battle of the sexes, big screen spitfire to an ear-bleeding spasm of shrillness.
Despite the ages of the leads, plays to younger audiences, goes for the Judd Apatow crowd. It's unapologetically brash, crass, and ugly in its truth, but still funny.
It's tempting to make a joke based on the title of The Ugly Truth. But that would require investing this review with more actual wit than the entire film contains.
Butler's regular-guyness makes the character more likable than he should be; but Heigl, for all her screen presence, looks great but seems stiff, as if she's uncomfortable with the wilder physical comedy of the character.
Plays like a busted Fox sitcom pilot, though heavier on the raunchiness and dragged out to a literally painful hour and a half.
By the time they have their big showdown in a hot air balloon (a sequence, incidentally, featuring some of the fakiest green-screen work in recent memory), you'll be pleading for an 'Oh, the humanity!' ending to this cinematic Hindenberg.
As usual, characters end up in an escalating series of preposterous events and zany hijinks that, while being occasionally amusing, aren't much different from watching your average humdrum situational TV comedy.
Mike has proven that all his dating theories, which treat women as easy-manipulated magpies, are correct. That's the ugly truth this movie is selling.
The problem with Ugly Truth is not that it's formulaic and predictable (most Hollywood romantic comedies are), but that it's silly, charmless, poorly helmed, and doesn't serve well its stars, Katherine Heigl and Gerard Butler.
Given Robert Luketic's embarrassing, over-the-top direction, the cat emerges as the best actor in this movie. Need I say more?
Hit-and-miss comedy delivers the unsurprising news that opposites attract.
The Ugly Truth deals with the battle between the sexes, but the main casualties here are viewers of this coarse, contrived romantic comedy.
It's an odd, far-fetched twist on the Pygmalion story, with the modern angle of poking holes in political correctness, one that might have been made marginally convincing by a dollop of backstory or psychology.









@highlight

Despite the best efforts of Butler and Heigl, The Ugly Truth suffers from a weak script that relies on romantic comedy formula, with little charm or comedic payoff.