A curious blend of charm and tooth-obsessed strangeness, with a wholesome message about friendship that's somewhat tainted by the characters' Butch and Sundance antics, but illustrated in a gentle style with wonderfully subtle-yet-vibrant music.
A welcomed alternative to chaotic kid-centric blockbusters, channelling the spirit of humble animated greats My Neighbour Totoro and The Many Adventures of Winnie the Pooh.
Encompassing the powerful elements of honesty, truth, and acceptance, Pennac's screenplay, once again, fixates on the small details that bring our story full circle and unimaginably to life.
Beautiful Belgian animated film; the storybook simplicity of the hand-drawn animation has an allure and clarity that reinforces [how] new technology does not render traditional forms of animation inferior or obsolete.
From its opening credits, [it] proclaims its hand-drawn, delicate, watercolour aesthetic. But it's not all sweetness and light: there's a dark strand of humour and some sly visual gags in this clever tale of opposites.
Two styles combine to create a world at once impressionistic and lived in, infused with the kind of warm glow which emanates from a cosy fireplace.
Were the film made 30 years ago, it would be the kind many families would have worn thin from endless VHS repeats. I can't wait to watch it again.
[Blu-ray Review] "Ernest & Celestine" will bewitch children and grown-ups alike, a none-too-soon respite from the typically louder, busier animated features Hollywood tends to produce. This Blu-ray release is excellent on every level. Buy it.
Its simple themes of friendship and looking at someone more than skin-deep provide a strong backbone for a story that is entertaining and heartwarming at the same time, making this a rare animated treat that is more than just goofy fun.
It glows with a childlike innocence but never grinds into the sticky-slapstick sentiment that marks so much of today's coldly calculated animated family offerings.
It doesn't start with the words 'once upon a time,' but it really should. It's just that storybook-sweet, that gentle, that comforting of a film.
The beauty of this adaptation of Belgian author and illustrator Gabrielle Vincent's characters is its sheer simplicity and sincerity.
Contains not one speck of the post-modern snark that has plagued animated movies for over a decade. It has no interest in being 'with it.'
Completely charming with a retro storybook look.
The film's main message is that friendship knows no bounds and that once one sees behind preconceived notions, a new world of possibilities can bloom.
absolutely fine and entirely likeable
Ernest learns to share, Celestine learns to a paint - and the audience learns that in a Disney-dominated marketplace, kids are still free to choose their own mini mouse.
...has a refreshing lightness that's rare in animation these days.
Ernest & Celestine is a magnificent, creative, and visionary piece of work that is heartwarming, magical, and just a fantastic cinematic journey that will be forever timeless.
One of the most charming animated films ever made.
Delightful art and a cute story of inter-species co-existence.
The unlikely cross-species friendship of Celestine the mouse and Ernest the bear teaches a gentle lesson about irrational intolerance in this French animated charmer.
"Ernest & Celestine" draws on plenty of classics, animated and otherwise, for inspiration, but the film manages to be delightful on its own offbeat terms.
Sets up a premise, pops in a couple of sweet moments and hits cruise control. It's never as cute as it wants to be.
Animated in soft watercolor pastels, it's a lovingly crafted tale that tracks the unlikely friendship between a mouse and a bear.
The pace and the style of E&C, not to mention its wonderful attention to detail, lift the film from being merely sweet to being something special.
Gorgeous, humorous, and endearing, I don't think there's a single frame in Ernest & Celestine that isn't absolutely wonderful.
Despite the rumors of its demise, 2D hand-drawn animation isn't dead. In fact it's becoming vital again in Europe, and this is a brilliant example of what it could be again.
"Ernest & Celestine" is a charming animated feature that is about tolerance, understanding and, most of all, the power of friendship.
It is an animation with teeth - lots of teeth. But its bite is rooted in a sweet, mischievous heart that pumps more emotion in 75 glorious minutes than a dozen big-budget cartoons combined.
If you have children who study French or may want to study French, take them tout de suite to see the French-language version of this delightful tale based on the stories of Belgian writer and painter Gabriella Vincent.
Ernest & Celestine is a genuine charmer for kids, and for the parental units tagging alongside.
A sweet-natured tale of an unlikely friendship between a burly bear and a plucky mouse. It's also decidedly offbeat with an emphasis on animal dentistry.
A joyous rediscovery of hand-drawn animation, all witty and expressive lines, spare backgrounds and gorgeous, watery hues.
It moves with the rhythms and emotions of classic kids' literature, possesses elegance and belly laughs in equal measure, and is almost magically beautiful to look at. And, like bears, it has bite.
The message is simple, the ending earthshaking and a few scenes border on overly precious. But as the stakes are raised for the pair, a surprising depth of character emerges.
It's hand-drawn, in squiggly, imperfect lines on white backgrounds that aren't always completely filled in. This makes it look like an old children's book tucked away in a box in your parents' basement.
The film conveys valuable lessons about friendship and acceptance without compromising its humor and charm.
as unique and delicate as an antique Valentine.
Out-charms both Frozen and The Wind Rises
Delicate animation and a charming score may be why this Belgian film earned an Oscar nomination. Its story, however, makes no sense whatsoever.
'Frozen' beat 'Ernest & Celestine' at the Oscars for Best Animated Picture. I'm not about to diss the winner - it's a great movie - but this is one that's worth checking out as well.
This slender, but sweet buddy comedy boasts lovely 2D animation, a great story and, best of all, a distinctly original world that keeps revealing new surprises.
It has things to say about the world, but it does so gracefully, without hitting you over the head with them.
Ernest & Celestine isn't just cute or thrilling, though: It's openly funny, in a wry, unpredictable way [...] It explores the silly side of the bear/mouse dynamic without puncturing the specificity that makes the story work.
The enchanting French-Belgian animated feature Ernest & Celestine is so liltingly sweet and graceful that, a day or two after I saw it, it seemed almost as if I had dreamed it.
Every frame is suffused with a fireplace kind of warmth that, for me at least, cast an immediate spell that didn't let up.
The movie advances the art of animation without seeming to try.
There isn't much of a moral to this story, but it does put a premium on individuality and pluck. Mostly, "Ernest & Celestine" is an ode to the happiness that comes from being with those different from us.
There's a truly original beauty in "Ernest & Celestine," from its delicate, pastel-hued animation to the look and sound of its inhabitants ...
Not just a positively charming movie, but an ode to the tactile pleasures of handcrafted artistry.
The images have a soft, inviting quality that befits the storybook narrative.
A twinkling gem of a fairy tale.
Rendered in a washed-out color palette and simplistic drawing style, Ernest & Celestine is an adorable confection about the bonds of friendship.
A delicate portrait of a mouse as an artist meets a scruffy portrait of a bear as an all-out entertainer in this witty and imaginative cartoon feature.
Plays out like the kind of picture book that you love as a child and still treasure as an adult. It's a subtle creation, offering the perfect mix of whimsy for kids and wit for grown-ups.
Marked as outsiders by their respective societies, an unlikely friendship is forged, an ill-tempered uproar unleashed, and a delightful movie is the result.
The characters are computer-rendered, but the watercolor environments they move in are expressive and detail-rich.
Kids will enjoy it for its sheer loopiness, while adult fans of animation can revel in its divergence from every other 'toon in town.
Might be the most ridiculously cute movie I've ever seen, in a way that transforms adorableness into something honest and wise and deeply satisfying.
The film's gorgeous, hand-drawn animation is as lovingly detailed as the drawings a girl mouse named Celestine is secretly making about an imaginary mouse and bear friendship.
This hand-drawn, water-colored French-Belgian concoction is a sweetly deadpan delight.
"Ernest & Celestine" delivers a sweet message that should prove delightful to young and old alike.
It is a beautiful work (that will play just as well whether sub-titled or dubbed), effortlessly engaging the hearts and minds of young and old alike.
It's in the way the film refuses to characterize its central friendship solely on the grounds of common isolation that becomes its most endearing quality.
It's the kindest, purest celebration of friendship I've seen on screen so far this year.
Directors Stéphane Aubier, Vincent Patar, and Benjamin Renner keep Ernest and Celestine visually stimulating, which should entertain both children and adults alike.
I'm not going to tell you it's a must-see, but it is a charmer.
A great children's film appeals to adults and children alike, but more importantly, it should strike a chord with everyone regardless of where they come from or what language they speak. Ernest & Celestine is a shining example.
A wonderful new animated feature from France.
It's something to take the family to that you yourself can get lost in.
Ernest and Celestine is a charming animated feature inspired by Belgium writer-illustrator Gabrielle Vincent's wholesome children's books of the same name
Ernest & Celestine deals with the timeless themes of childhood through a kaleidoscope of inculcated fear.
Delightful French animation about a mouse who goes on the run with a bear, once he has agreed not to eat her.
small-town prejudice and the fear of otherness are roundly exposed for their absurdity, but the sensitivity of the artistic disposition and even the importance of good dental care are also sensibly celebrated.
A delightful melding of visual style and narrative pirouettes.
A bear and a mouse cause a major ruckus in this charming Franco-Belgian animated film.

@highlight

Sweet and visually charming, Ernest &amp; Celestine offers old-fashioned delights for animation lovers of all ages.