...finds its tonal footing in the final third, when Jung-ho makes the transition from darkly comic clown to film-noir anti-hero.
click to read full review
I've more or less had it with this stuff, but the film is distinguished by the grubby velocity of his foot chases, and the effectiveness of its craft (not to mention the unglamorous resolution of at least one character's fate).
Easily the best cop thriller since The Departed.
The Chaser is an expert serial-killer film from South Korea and a poster child for what a well-made thriller looked like in the classic days.
A gritty, stylish crime thriller that's initially suspenseful and compelling, but eventually becomes pedestrian, unsurprising, preposterous and even somewhat tedious.
The pessimism of Na's slick debut rings false.
A sizzling film noir that evokes the disillusionment of a once self-confident "tiger" economy.
Unlike the directors of Infernal Affairs, Hong-Jin refreshingly fuels his philosophical engine with montage.
South Korean first-timer Na Hong-jin offers nasty thrills, manic foot chases and some genuinely subversive riffs on the police procedural.
Uma obra madura e complexa que insiste em desafiar as idéias pré-concebidas do espectador do início ao fim.
It's hard out here for a detective turned pimp in the thrilling import The Chaser
It runs long at over two hours but it is expertly directed, shot, edited, and acted.
shifts its tone effortlessly between white-knuckle suspense and investigatory drama
An impotent thriller about an insane serial killer, incompetent cops and an irritating overweight sweaty pimp.
A grisly serial-killer thriller that develops into a howl of outrage at the ineptitude of the system.
This is expert filmmaking at every level, continually adding engaging subtext that touches on family pressures, blind self-interest and warped justice.
But The Chaser delivers as a piece of cinema rather like Seven did - it doesn't let up for a moment.
In between moments of chisel-hacking horror there is some impressively dark humour and top-notch acting. But be warned - emotionally this movie will reach deep into the pit of your stomach and wriggle your guts about before wrenching them out.
A good example of a film grabbing the audience by the collar, only for the audience to shake themselves free, The Chaser is a promising fusion of detective thrills, sweaty-palmed horror, and black comedy that ultimately does not hang together.
It's twisty, provocative and impressively grim, a sort of Asian-extreme Manhunter for the strong of nerve.
It's atmospheric but derivative, and I didn't find the denouement's Christian imagery convincing.
Watching the Korean film The Chaser is like chewing diamonds - you know there's something of value in there but mostly it's just a mess of pain and blood.
This playfulness, however, backfires massively in the second half when coincidence and unforeseen consequence conspire uneasily with bloody, messy results.
Na Hong-Jin's feature debut is a bleakly frantic psycho-noir, furiously edited, ferociously performed - and despite allying itself to the serial killer genre so beloved in the west, it is distinctly Korean in its settings and references.
Some of the tension drains from a slow middle act, but it remains a gripping tale of sleuth-work and moral awakening.
It runs so fast and twisted a course through a range of tones and genres that just trying to keep up will leave the viewer as breathless as the monstrous protagonist - and it has a real social conscience to boot.
It announces Na Hong-jin as a filmmaker willing to go to places that even most so-called horror movies would shy away from.


@highlight

A frantic and taut Korean serial killer thriller. One classy, if bloody and messy, gut wrencher of a movie.