The movie is bad, y'all. Like real bad. But, I still find a number of reasons to recommend it.
Aaron Spelling may be slapping his forehead, but a few cemetary plots over, 1950's melodrama king Douglas Sirk is smiling.
The raw materials for a gutsy, gritty, fearless, fascinating thriller are here, but they amount to some intriguing individual parts and not a satisfying, cohesive whole.
This cat-and-mouse caper's Swiss cheese plotline is riddled with too many holes to consider this flick as much more than a snuff film.
Despite assembling a talented cast and crew, Daniels is stymied here by a script that takes itself far too seriously.
That most wonderful of films, the kind that works on every level, but can't be easily pigeonholed.
Mirren and Gooding are interesting -- and sexy -- to watch together. Once she leaves the film, the picture loses a bit of its uniqueness.
The script can't quite get a grasp on character depth, yet it also can't quite deliver the cheap thrills such a trashy tale might otherwise provide.
"Shadowboxer" is supposed to be concerned with how parents' lifestyles can be passed down to their children, but that is too simplistic here. The film, instead, is more a showcase of naked bodies, gory scenarios and over-the-top performances.
Thumbs down to a movie of such vile and violent temper.
It's all so cliched in terms of personalities and full of such unbelievable situations that it's often downright laughable. And not in a good way.
Gosh, it's almost too bad/good to be true.
There's no glee here, just a handful of glum characters stuck in an unending cycle of sex, violence, and heavy-handed preaching.
The one thing I'll say about Shadowboxer is that it's never boring. Of course, I could also say that about stepping on crushed glass.
Much of the movie is just too unintentionally goofy to take at face value
The title [is] an apt metaphor for the movie, which ultimately bobs and weaves a lot but ends up all empty air.
Daniels know his way around making the viewer uncomfortable, but there's a fine line between genuine, pants-tickling eroticism and 'I can't believe I'm watching this surrounded by strangers' soft-core porn.
The casting seems to be an attempt to manufacture interesting characters, instead of depending on the script to do that.
Should you go? Not in public. But with a group of like-minded friends and the DVD, there might be circumstances under which you'd find it hilarious.
It ... has an insistently fussy and grandiose production design that mistakes lavish textures, brilliant colors and exotic backdrops for story atmosphere and style.
I'd sooner sit through 32 hours of Congressional committee testimony about imported yarn than watch Shadowboxer again.
It tells a story that would fit perfectly in a standard Hollywood action thriller, but it tells it in the grammar and syntax of an art film. The two sensibilities make no sense together.
Arresting performances by Helen Mirren and Cuba Gooding Jr. are squandered on a moody thriller that has way too much mood and not nearly enough thrills.
The movie at heart is just a wallow in ugliness and unpleasantness in the service of nothing.
A ridiculous movie that starts off completely cracked and just gets crazier and crazier.
Daniels offers a lame attempt to do what Quentin Tarantino has frequently done better -- and with far more cinematic artistry.
It doesn't take long to figure out that Shadowboxer's Helen Mirren, as a cancer-ridden hitwoman, and Cuba Gooding Jr., as her doting stepson, are the most unconvincing team of hired assassins in movie history.
The storytelling is so overwrought, humorless and misguided, the film is like a noir car wreck.
Who says critics are useless? Now you don't have to see the movie, unless, of course, you derive some satisfaction/pleasure from graphic violence, unforgivably cliched scripts and/or repeated sightings of Gooding's bare bottom.
A rubbernecker's movie....There's a new Zalman King in town, and his name is Lee Daniels.
One of the campiest, most lushly ludicrous movies to come out in a while.
At worst, Lee Daniels is a poor man's Quentin Tarantino, both literally and figuratively. And that's not a bad thing; just ask Guy Ritchie.
This film is, as they say, close but no cigar.
This daring film may not completely hold together, but it has a bracing, off-kilter sensibility -- a mixture of mordant humor and melancholy -- that mostly compensates for the occasional lulls and clunky, obvious moments.
Billed as film noir, but because it lacks any subtlety and accentuates gratuitous violence that is more in-your-face than it is implied, the movie is about as noir-ish as Rocky.
Not only will you want to shower after seeing this repellent movie -- the Rose-Mikey sex scenes are especially icky -- you'll feel sorry for the cast.
If he earns no other accolades for his directorial debut -- a distinct likelihood -- Lee Daniels deserves some kind of award just for assembling the most bizarrely random cast of this young century.
A film replete with awful acting that glorifies nihilism...in your face movie-making by people with a moral compass badly askew. There's nothing remotely entertaining about this film.
Clayton is one of those outsized movie villains. He's the sort who wears his designer shirt unbuttoned and beard slightly fuzzy, shoots his minions when they fail him, and keeps a zebra on his front lawn.
Trained assassins do the right thing and rehash a very bad cliché at the same time.
A layer cake of weird and wild images married to a plot that's lurid, ludicrous and bizarrely hypnotic.
If only Shadowboxer had gone for more than an unwavering commitment to imitate better movies, it might have been one for the cult shelves at the video store. Right now, you'll be lucky if you find it in the giveaway bin.
A strident and shocking jumble.
Shadowboxer, a gaudy thriller saturated in sex and violence, is an extravagance that leaves you with your mouth hanging open -- partly in admiration of its audacity and partly in disbelief at its preposterousness.
The artificially staged and lush visuals are at such odds with the reserved, subtle performances that you'll wish director Lee Daniels had done away with the pretense and just pointed the camera at the actors and yelled 'Action!'
This is a sick flick. Sick, but satisfying.
After 90-odd minutes of bludgeoning us into open-jawed bafflement, Shadowboxer is best aborted, and flushed away as one of 2006's more unpleasant memories.
...overheated, rarely convincing crime drama.
Shadowboxer admirably jostles and upends the fatigued killer-for-hire genre.
It's hard to pinpoint the exact moment when it becomes clear that this lurid, steroidal neo-noir is certifiably insane (or at least a lot funnier than it means to be), but it's pretty early on.
With the exception of the acting, this amateurish and incomplete film gives the impression that the debutant writer and director want to cram into their saga as many subects as possible, though none too well.
It wants to break new ground but lacks the ability to think outside of the box.
An envelope-pushing melodrama just this side of 'Pulp Fiction' parody.
"Mr. and Mrs. Smith" in an altered consciousness--one that'll bring arthouse habituees to attention, if not to their feet, out of respect for courage and originality.
...never quite becomes anything more than a mildly diverting thriller...
Apparently convinced that the daring material would provide them with an opportunity to give their craft a strenuous workout, Gooding Jr. and Mirren gamely apply themselves but end up looking uncomfortable under Daniels' heavy-handed directorial imprint.


@highlight

With random characters and a preposterous plot, this bizarre thriller might leave you with your mouth hanging open in disbelief.