Pleasant and cheerful, and that sort of thing should be encouraged sometimes.
Like a Tyler Perry movie with polish
Hits the intended mix of smiles, tears, and family-affirming warmth.
Class differences and family resentments add to the hubbub surrounding an African-American wedding on Martha's Vineyard in this perceptive, faith-based romantic comedy.
...a perfectly watchable romantic comedy that benefits from the efforts of its eclectic cast and from the appreciatively (and increasingly) trashy turns in the narrative.
A pleasant sitcom-level mix of comedy, romance and soapy melodrama, plus low-key Bible-thumping (celebrity evangelist T.D. Jakes is a producer).
This extremely formulaic time-waster offers little beyond its lame Hallmark greeting-card platitudes.
You might get swept away by 'Jumping the Broom.'
An incredibly shrill comedy...the surface elegance somehow only makes the underlying nastiness more noticeable.
It's fun to watch this thoroughly professional cast put through some predictable paces ...
Part drama,part comedy but everything blends together rather than clashes.
... an intelligent script ... and fine acting ...
There's a reason this formula has endured so long: When you plug the right variables into it, it still can make for an enjoyable, if predictable, story. This film proves it.
It's laugh out loud funny from start to finish.
The cast completely sells this movie and the script gives them some fun moments to work with, even with its imperfections.
Jumping the Broom is the mess you get when you mix Romeo and Juliet with Are We There Yet? and Meet the Fockers.
Sparring culture clash, crammed full of familiar stereotypes
The contributions of some game actors are the only thing standing between the film and absolute irrelevance, as it attempts to be all things and in the process manages to be none of them.
I would have loved more talk about the meaning behind 'jumping the broom' and less moments of a mother desperate to hold on to her son.
The African-American answer to 'Meet the Parents!'
This film makes you want to summer in the Vineyard and visit Oak Bluffs.
Jumping the Broom is an in-law comedy with soul.
Jumping the Broom is no Soul Food, but as a worthy seriocomedy about African-American family dynamics, it's nourishing enough.
A plot line worthy of a deeper discussion than the TV sitcom push of writer/director Salim Akil and his two screenwriters.
It comes as no surprise that Jumping the Broom is not a good movie. It's not funny, and it's obnoxious about trying to be funny, so let me confirm that you need not feel guilty for skipping this one.
It shouldn't seem as novel as it does.
Even minor characters get their due in well-written, nonhysterical scenes that, even if they don't render you helpless with laughter, elicit more than occasional chuckles.
"The comedy is as familiar as the ceremony at a cookie-cutter wedding factory: Much feels old or borrowed; nothing feels new."
"Jumping the Broom" combines tried-and-true oil-water class tensions with the challenges of modern romance and family, then adds some African-American flavors.
It's fun at times, if a bit over-dramatic and a lot over-the-top. But by the end, you're ready for it to be over.
With Salim Akil making his film directorial debut, 'Jumping The Broom,' works because of the scene stealing performances by Mike Epps, Valerie Pettiford, and DeRay Davis.
[The film] has its heart in the right place, and earnestly tackles "inside" race politics between broad laughs and shtick.
Politicians concerned about the sanctity of marriage should consider trying to boycott this film, lest impressionable youngsters watch and be led to believe that all weddings are as awful, soulless and interminable as what's onscreen.
True, the script overreaches, crammed with too many characters, subplots and stereotypes. But at least it's trying. And at least there isn't a phony in the bunch.
Comedy is about execution, not originality, and Jumping the Broom is pretty darn funny most of the time and kind of sweet the rest of the time.
The charm of Jumping the Broom is in its glossy, spirited humor, not its clumsy spiritual melodrama.
Two weddings, neither deserves much of an RSVP
Proof that you can have a movie like this without a polemic against successful women, or some man in a dress threatening to take off his earrings and pull out a gun.
Sweet, funny wedding comedy is a good parent-and-teen pick.
Even though the setup is forced - a wealthy family and a middle-class clan battle at a swank wedding whose theme seems to be "open hostility" - the movie is enjoyable because these characters are a pleasure to be with.
It's relatively raunch-free, it has a sparkling cast that reunites Waiting to Exhale stars Angela Bassett and Loretta Devine as combative matriarchs, and it likes its characters well enough to forgive them their faults.
"Broom" doesn't take any risks or offer many surprises. But then, do most weddings?
Jumping is generally worth the leap and not the brush-off.
The film is written so unevenly that its virtues feel more accidental than deliberate.
What prevents the film from being a real crowd-pleaser, the Philadelphia Story that it clearly wants to be, are the marrying couple.
Instead of being a wild mixture of tones, it has very little tone at all, and moments of dramatic or comic intensity erupt awkwardly and then fizzle out.
A decent movie full of drama, comedy and schmaltz all mixed together.
No matter how crazy you think your mother is, it can't get much worse than this.
It's the snobs against the slobs at a Martha's Vineyard wedding in "Jumping the Broom." Mostly, it's a tie: Both sides are equally irritating.
The film's main thread, the class clashes, simply aren't enough to make this unnecessary movie worthwhile.
When the sushi-vs.-soul-food jokes wear thin, this film is carried by its universal themes, such as parenting, commitment, sacrifice and loss.
... a perfectly acceptable rom-com ... may not get too high off the ground, but it does, as they say, stick the landing, and that's good enough.
Bland, forgettable, and ultimately too pat to break away from its chains of thorough, pre-fabricated, overly conventional safeness.
Patton is as effervescent and refreshing as a chilled glass of champagne and Alonso is endearingly open-hearted and gallant.
Just as in the old Depression times, many Americans are having a tough time making ends meet and an escape, even for two hours, could be the tonic that Jumping... can provide.
The humor arises naturally from situations, but the story teeters into melodrama. Still, watching impressive actors like Bassett and Devine face off is a highlight.
Quick-quipping Mike Epps helps breathe life into this breezy comedy.
...an entertaining enough sit which should please its target audience.
Every wedding comedy hinges on creating threats to the union, of course, but Hunter and Gibbs pile on half a dozen potentially ruinous scenarios and subplots where one or two would have been sufficient.
A picture that gave me considerable satisfaction, partly because it wears its themes of trust and belief and faith lightly and easily, while taking them seriously.
The bride and groom are in love, but their families are not. That was good enough for "Romeo and Juliet," and it still sorta works with "Jumping the Broom."
Clashes of class within the African American community are not often depicted on the screen, but "Jumping the Broom" tackles them head-on with humor, compassion and plenty of wisdom.
Everyone here is trapped in the movie's limited ideas of blackness.
one muddled bit of matrimony
It all adds up to a more tasteful, restrained film than the average Perry joint, but taste doesn't imply quality, an escape from hoary rom-com clichés, or characters worth caring about.
Despite its raft of clichés and scripted thinness, this ain't nothin' but a party-and highly enjoyable.
As great as it is to see both Bassett and Devine headlining a film, they are saddled with stereotypical characters - the uptown snob vs. the downtown sistah - that neither seems completely at home inhabiting.
[It] is wildly overaccessorized, giving virtually every character an elaborate subplot (sometimes more than one). This results in a long, lumpy middle section of the movie, before everything comes together for a sweetly romantic ending.
The scenes have a dreary, perfunctory feel, and the few laughs that make contact seem to have escaped from the air locker securing the film from any threat of natural circulation.
Rough around the edges with a routine of race jokes and chest-thumping confrontations, but it keeps a humanity about it that's appealing and respectful.
The detailed performances (including an unusually winning turn from Mike Epps) are what make Jumping the Broom easily digestible, if hardly memorable.
Not particularly funny nor memorable, but at least [it] has a few saving graces due to a solid cast and doesn't leave you feeling like you wasted your time.
Bowen is likable and has strong-enough timing to make these moments less cringe-inducing than they might sound. It's the rest of the movie that'll probably make you cringe.
Yes, there really is a way to make a boisterous, dramatic comedy about African-American life better than Tyler Perry does.
Turns out a Tyler Perry movie minus Tyler Perry is a good thing.
While Jumping the Broom showcases rarely depicted class issues within the black community, the film still relies on wince-inducing stereotypes to delineate them.
A wan attempt to mine class clash for both jokes and teachable moments.
This romantic comedy is actually romantic, mildly funny and built on a set of strong performances from an ensemble cast of great breadth..not half bad.
It stocks its screenplay with more conflicts than it can possibly handle honestly in two hours.
Family matriarchs played by Angela Bassett and Loretta Devine go up against each other in a wedding comedy that grows increasingly unfunny with each passing minute.
A wedding movie that may have viewers rooting for divorce lawyers.
Despite a large, lively cast, director Salim Akil's comedy-drama doesn't have anything new to say about love, family, or race.


@highlight

Its heart is in the right place -- and so is its appealing cast -- but Jumping the Broom is ultimately too cliched and thinly written to recommend.