The simplicity of the film's plot leaves plenty of breathing room for the cast to just bounce lines and looks off one another, which they do with the relaxed aplomb of an alt-comedy all-star team.
The outline of the film shows a lot of potential for [Lake] Bell's future directorial projects, and ability to bring out the authenticity in her characters and cast, but the execution leaves much to be desired.
Pin-sharp observant one minute, appealingly messy the next, this marks [Lake] Bell as one of America's most promising new talents.
What a pleasant surprise.
In a World... is far from perfect and doesn't quite have the laser-focus of a more seasoned writer and director, but even the most awkward and fumbling moments of the film are a joy to watch and experience.
For all its laughs, In A World... isn't short on messages or touching moments.
A fascinating look into the realm of voice over performance.
Very funny semi-satirical look at the bitchy, male-dominated world of movie trailer voice over people.
Writer-director Lake Bell is also the star of this quick-witted beguiling comedy of female identity, family ties and an unseen but fiercely competitive aspect of the film business.
The entire cast operates at the top of their game. Yet it's Bell who is undeniably the main attraction.
Though she had to write, direct, and produce the damn thing herself, Bell finally has a film that puts her full range of comedic, rom-com-ready abilities on display.
It will gently settle into the undistinguished ranks of history's perfectly okay works of art. I won't sing it's praises, but I don't regret watching it either.
Father-daughter dramedy about an aspiring voiceover artist eager to follow in her deep-voiced daddy's footsteps.
While certainly funny and goofy, In A World... also imparts an important message about the power of voice, and Bell is clearly a voice to be heard.
What pleasure then to find an August release that's built around real, identifiable humans, and sports a complicated but lovably flawed woman at its center.
Although In a World... won Bell a screenwriting award at the Sundance Film Festival, what's more compelling is how well this low-key comedy exhibits her charms as an actress.
Can't wait to see what Lake Bell the filmmaker does next.
Much of the humour here is barbed and cynical.
Take notice Hollywood, your next most promising triple threat has arrived with one of the freshest and funniest comedies this year.
Actress Lake Bell's smart and funny feature-directing debut In a World... juggles sex farce, feminist critique, family conflict and showbiz satire pretty deftly.
This smart, funny comedy is not just about voice-overs, it is about the massive egos of men who tend to lose sight of what is really important (family for instance) in the pursuit of their careers.
A comic director finds her voice
"unfocused and erratic, but with an undeniable charm"
Lake a triple threat with "In a World..."
Bell's revelation is that females (even high-achieving ones) are surprisingly likely to use a voice that suggests they're an ickle-wickle pushover.
One of the most charming and delightful movies in a very long time.
The male-dominated world of voiceover artists is explored from a female perspective in this touching comedy from Lake Bell, who stars, writes and directs.
In a World... is thankfully more endearing hangout movie than erratic sitcom, and it shows significant promise for future endeavours from its helmer.
It's good news for those who would rather not see funny women relegated to a world of pink-tinged pratfalls.
A film that's sweet and smart and funny about so many things in so many quietly surprising ways it feels like it's breaking the mould ...
This snappy treat tickles up belly laughs from the golden larynx of the entertainment industry, as it delves into the strangely competitive world of the voiceover artist.
There is great invention, fine writing and spirited direction on display here.
In a world... where the trailers for Hollywood blockbusters are only ever voiced by men who sound as though they gargle with gravel and molasses, a female vocal coach gets to challenge the status quo in Lake Bell's sharp, smart and genuinely funny comedy.
Savvy, screwball, feminist comedy gem.
A fresh, funny slice-of-life, casually cutting in its feminism and utterly charming in its storytelling.
In a world where American comedies often die in ditches, pushed in by negative roadblocking (useless scripts, miscast stars), here is an affirmative mirth work, modestly cast, which actually makes you giggle
The plotting is a bit scattershot but it's quirky and good fun.
Well, it's engaging and eccentric, and Bell deserves her star turn.
It heralds the arrival of a fresh new voice on the filmmaking scene. That by itself makes it something you should see.
There's a difference between paying your dues and self-abasement, but you wouldn't know it from this overstuffed and joyless film.
Bell, who showcases a rib-tickling array of silly accents, is someone we should be seeing and hearing from a lot more.
"In a World . . . " shows that a clever idea and an engaging protagonist do not a movie make.
Lake Bell is a wildly exciting and much needed new voice.
After playing comical sidekicks in rom-coms like No Strings Attached and What Happens in Vegas, Lake Bell emerges as a rising-star filmmaker with the smartest, funniest comedy of the year.
An engaging and frequently funny comedy with a superb comic cast, likeable characters and a refreshingly different setting.
It's tempting to call In A World... one of the best romantic comedies of the year, but that would short-change it - a romcom counts for about 20 per cent of all it is.
Disappointingly less than the sum of its parts.
Bell's script deftly dovetails Carol's professional angst with her daddy-daughter dilemma and her clumsy attempts at romance. Her dialogue is bouncy and funny, yet grounded in the characters' neurotic normalness.
Frequently funny and wholly charming, Lake Bell's assured debut is that rare indie comedy-drama that discovers a fresh perspective on the well-worn themes of family, fame and finding your own voice.
Like her character, Bell has made herself a contender in a male-dominated industry. And a damn funny one at that.
Sweet, witty and exquisitely observed, In A World... sees the emergence of an exciting talent: any agents looking for a new triple threat should ring that Bell.
Witty, wry, and just a little bit scattershot, this good-natured satire takes on cinema's last taboo with small-screen plotting, but big-screen gusto.
It's a well-conceived and acted female empowerment tale that smartly answers its question of why women are rarely hired to do the voice-overs of trailers.
Bell makes a promising directorial debut with this quirky low-budget comedy.
It's an exhilarating comic rush called In a World... and in it Lake Bell spins inspired lunacy around the subject of, among other things like family dysfunction, sexual healing and female empowerment, voiceovers.
A clever, likable comedy that sends up sexism, satirizes Hollywood, examines family ties and features a surprisingly tender romance at its core
"Lean in," Facebook executive Sheryl Sandberg famously advised women this year. To which Lake Bell would add, "Speak up. And not with a sexy-baby voice either."
It's a female empowerment story both on and off the screen.
An indie comedy as surprisingly tender and wise as it is deftly wise-cracking.
In a world in which cookie-cutter, unchallenging movie heroines are assembled according to Hollywood's cynical assumption that Jane Q. Public is a flaming idiot, Bell's breath-of-fresh-air creation definitely has something interesting to say.
Lake Bell's In A World... desperately wants to be clever, and sometimes it is. But not as often as you hope it will be.
Bell has built a sweet comedy that manages to be a bit romantic, a bit political and hugely enjoyable.
It's clear that Bell has found her voice, and with any luck, she'll be sounding off for years to come.
We've already met Lake Bell, versatile actress... It's time to meet Lake Bell, feature film writer, director (and producer). And what a debut it is: Her film has heart, soul and a message without getting too preachy.
It is a refreshing and unique film that marks the longtime romantic comedy side player as not only a leading lady but an impressive writing talent with a considerable future.
It's the kind of low-key movie that vanishes from memory relatively quickly. But watching it is an unexpected pleasure.
It's not only a fresh and funny spoof of the movie business, it represents a real-life triumph within it.
A good deal smarter than most big-budget romantic comedies, but its shrillness makes it less pleasurable than it should be.
Bell manages to pull the disparate elements together by the end, crafting a satisfying, funny and sometimes moving story about both family and career expectations.
A smart, fresh, and funny film that sends up Hollywood, sexism, and the conventions of the romantic comedy and yet somehow has us rooting for the characters.
...a rare and smart comedy that's insider without being exclusive and fresh without being precious; hopefully it's the first of many for Bell.
...a passable yet far-from-flawless debut for Bell.
So alive, identifiably clumsy and deliciously complicated -- so of the real world -- as to put a smile on viewers' faces.
Bell's character may be stressed and a bit awkward but her direction is smooth and confident.
I am eagerly anticipating watching where this talented writer-director-actor, Lake Bell, goes next.
This comedy about a gawky female voice-over artist is disarmingly graceful, generous, even life enhancing.
Bell resourcefully uses 'In a World ...' to showcase her vast comedic talents, mixing bits of humor, romance and smoldering sexuality with an enormously appealing amount of self-deprecation.
This feature debut by writer/director Lake Bell, who also takes the lead role, finds a bastion of previously unexplored male chauvinism that makes for grand mirth.
Bell summons up a rich creative voice and projects it at just the right volume. Everything in this cheerful, concise comedy rings out loud and clear.
Bell has written the voice-over business as a microcosm of Big Hollywood, and it's a funny joke.
[Bell's] smart, enjoyable writing-directing debut in which she finally, deservedly stars.
Bell's debut feature is pretty terrific.
It's a movie to make you happy to see the next movie written, directed and starring Lake Bell. She has an engaging presence and has a distinct comic sensibility.
Bell wrote and directed the film and also stars, and her voice, sensibility, timing, and pitch-perfect ear for the absurd layer every scene.
Bell has lurked around the best-friend margins of Hollywood, but "In a World" shows she's a star.
You can almost see the plot points being shuffled around like index cards as the movie unreels.
Bell reveals herself to be an observant filmmaker and a splattery comedienne, but she's even better with this subject matter, pulling the curtain back on an industry that values its anonymity.
A message movie guided by good sense, and a good sense of humor.
[It's] smart, sharp in all the right places and funny. Beyond that, it's got heart. Even the jerks are OK to be around, at least for a time. And this world seems to be full of them.
"In A World..." is too good a film to merely focus on ... one plot element, or to present its male characters as one-note villains. These are complex people, funny one moment and infuriating the next.
'In a World...' is pretty much a perfect movie, chock full of fun, endless laughter, realistic love and that all-important magical movie ingredient - originality.
Bell has targeted a microcosm of the industry she works in and mixed in romantic comedy and family drama elements all while maintaining focus on her throughline and hilariously showcasing her own talent for mimicry.
A character-driven comedy that gets most of its oomph from an unusual inside-Hollywood setting
While Bell definitely shows some first-timer growing pains behind the camera, she's got a snappy ear for dialogue and she's given Lake Bell what may be her best part ever.
Extremely well-written, with a unique and original plot. A great showcase for writer-director-star Lake Bell.
This is Bell's show, and she proves herself a versatile comedian, a first-rate impressionist (check out her Russian "Star Wars" stormtrooper!) and a shrewd satirist, especially of her own gender.
Mostly it's about family - about sisterly bonding, about domineering fathers, about long-lost, still-missed mothers. About any adult child's fight to establish herself as an independent entity.
It's rare to complain that a movie has too many ideas, but it feels as though Bell took every last notecard off of her bulletin board and crammed them into a single screenplay.
"In a World..." is completely endearing. I can't wait to see what Bell will do next.
Ms. Bell, who plays Carol with a perfect blend of diffidence, goofiness and charm, has written and directed an insightful comedy that is much more complex and ambitious than it sometimes seems.
A sparky combination of workplace satire, family tapestry and hipster star-is-born goofs, "In a World ..." is able to pitch its theme in several places.
A spunky and snappy romantic comedy set in Los Angeles's voiceover industry.
At times, Bell seems to forget her premise entirely. But there are enough solid gags-even if many of them are barely germane to the voiceover biz-to confirm her abundant talent.
In A World... has a scruffy charm that's ultimately disarming and persuasive, and the sheer novelty of the voiceover culture Bell explores, with its hilarious pomposities and tribalism, takes the film a long way.
Bell has made a lively, modern screwball comedy with a terrible title; the dialogue moves fast and sometimes takes nutty, unexpected loops, like puppies scrambling over one another in a basket.
In a World... is mild entertainment that provides a credible look inside the trailer voice world and its actor populace that makes do on the fringe of Hollywood and the big time.
With so many ideas to work with, why does Bell infantilize her elsewhere-confident main character as yet another disheveled woman-child?
Announces the arrival of a new triple-threat talent: Lake Bell..a delight at Sundance, it arrives in the dog days of summer like a cool breeze.
In A World... is a brilliant first feature from writer/director Lake Bell, proving her talents go far beyond just being a hilarious sidekick to the stars.
Cute and very lightweight look inside an arcane and amusingly sexist corner of the film biz -- trailer voice-over actors.
Lake Bell holds the thing together through sheer charisma, and in fact the foibles of the movie only start to show when she absents herself for extended stretches of time.
In a world...where female writers are scarce and female writer/directors even more so, Lake Bell has done both with panache in her feature debut, In A World...
Funny, touching and warm-hearted, you can't ask for too much more from the first feature film by a young director, and one made on a relatively low-budget.
Serves as an uproarious coming out party for writer-director-lead Lake Bell, and you'll never watch a movie trailer the same way again.
would be better classified as a pilot for a sitcom.
Bell's film wants to tell the tale of Hollywood and its vocally-gifted minions picking up the mantle for a new era, but shockingly buries its own lead until it practically becomes an ironic parody of itself.
A delightful comedy that goes a long way on the strength of its very likeable cast, In A World... isn't uproariously funny, but its steady stream of chuckles and ingratiating tone leave a very warm afterglow.
The world of Hollywood voice-over talent provides a ripe backdrop for Lake Bell's funny and engaging directorial debut.
To call Lake Bell a magnetic, intelligent, blithely screwball leading lady in the Carole Lombard tradition might be selling her short.

@highlight

A funny, well-written screwball satire for film buffs, In a World... proves an auspicious beginning for writer, director, and star Lake Bell.