This documentary might be the most in-depth look at the good and bad of method acting that's ever been made.
This footage was never supposed to come out...what it looks like Jim Carey did is created a weird, fantasy pocket, a bubble where his world was taking hold and affecting other people.
Carrey may have a touch of madness, but there's no doubt that's the burden of great genius.
It's incredible from start to finish. I could watch it again, I want to show other people.
One of the most powerful metaphors of Jim & Andy is that life itself is a kind of performance.
Seeing Carrey expound upon an experience tinged with a deeply personal and spiritual journey as it collided with the outside pressures of the Hollywood studio system makes for a highly original and insightful movie-watching experience.
Watching Jim Carrey in Jim & Andy feels like a man reflecting on the time he walked on the surface of the sun.
As revealing about Jim Carrey as it is about Andy Kaufman.
Jim & Andy is a peculiar and profound document about artistic creation. [Full review in Spanish]
Jim & Andy: The Great Beyond uses that nearly 20-year-old footage, along with contemporary commentary by a handsomely bearded and gracefully aging Carrey, to tell a story of two men who pretty much become one.
Chris Smith's film pivots into one story and another. [Full review in Spanish]
Jim & Andy finds Carrey in an intriguing place, what he calls "a quiet, gentle seat in the universe."
It's a testament to Carrey's still-polarizing stardom that this film gains its manic mileage.
It could easily turn into a self-aggrandizing fest with Carrey explaining how brillant he is (and he IS); instead, it offers illuminating and humble insights about him and his performance. [Full review in Portuguese.]
Smith weaves footage of Kaufman's emergence onto the comedy scene with Carrey's, and suggests that both performers drew from a similar (if not the exact same) well of pain.
There's not a lot of scrutiny in Jim & Andy. Carrey's the only present-day interview we get, so there's no real objectivity or point of view, and Smith doesn't ask any hard questions about Kaufman's button-pushing.
Smart, appalling and illuminating.
... thanks to "Jim & Andy," viewers will come away not just with greater insight about them, but also the pitfalls that potentially face those who beat the odds by turning an open-mic night into a thriving career.
Jim & Andy works best as a reminder of the skill level and commitment of its two title performers.
Hidden away for twenty years to protect Carrey, the footage is a fascinating master class in performance, the kind of thing that might not fly today in light of revelations of harassment.
Kaufman was a button-pusher, he sought to get a rise out of people and questioned where performance ended and real life began. "Jim & Andy" carries on that spirit. Kaufman would be proud.
It's not quite good, and in some ways the film's point is rather loathsome, but it's also an enthralling look at the artistic process - and, maybe accidentally, a bleak vision of the power and privilege of celebrity.
It's here to burnish one performer's legend while laying the foundations of another's. But there's still lots of fun to be had in its twisting, telescoping hall of mirrors.
Whether you think you're watching a genius discuss his greatest performance or an obnoxious actor indulging in and subsequently justifying his most pretentious, selfish instincts...either way, it's fascinating.
Jim & Andy makes the persuasive argument that Carrey's commitment to the role allowed everyone else in the production to understand and appreciate Kaufman better than they might have otherwise.
Whether you believe the two met briefly or not in some cosmic Method-meets-telepathy plane, the documentary is a captivating plunge into that realm of comedy where originality and homage fuse.
Is Mr. Carrey smiling at his words or his memories (or at us)? It can be hard to know, an uncertainty that fits the movie's exploration of reality and its simulations.
There's something bracing about the difficulty of reconciling this earnest middle-aged hippie with his maniacally impish younger self.
Reveals just what happened during the creation of "Moon," which wasn't just a film shoot, but a voyage into space and time for Jim Carrey, who returned to Earth a changed man.
it also, more intriguingly, makes us learn more about the actor's existential demons at the time. The role was a kind of cathartic moment for Carrey, as he was going through an identity crisis that seemed quite similar to Kaufman's.
Fascinating and frustrating in equal measure.
The film is about the idea of Andy Kaufman, about how artists channel their influences and keep the dead alive.
...an uncommonly intimate peek behind the curtain...
[Director Chris Smith] balances the increasingly wild and bewildering archival material with a present-day conversation with Carrey at his most calm and relaxed, and it's the combination of these two opposing forces that ultimately make the film work.
Jim & Andy: The Great Beyond - The Story of Jim Carey & Andy Kaufman With a Very Special, Contractually Obligated Mention of Tony Clifton is an extremely watchable movie. It isn't nearly as deep as it thinks it is, but it is marvellously entertaining.
Jim & Andy: The Great Beyond is, on the surface, Carrey's most obviously autobiographical film, a postmodern reflection on his art and influences.
"Jim & Andy" is fleetly edited and engrossing, animated by a sense of discovery.
It makes for powerful and stimulating viewing whether or not a game is being played with viewers.
An original, unexpectedly affecting tribute to two distinctive comic performers.

@highlight

Jim &amp; Andy: The Great Beyond offers a fascinating behind-the-scenes glimpse of method acting in action -- and one star's journey toward something like personal acceptance.