When it comes to delivering closure, there's much room for improvement by the time the story is done.
A passable, but disappointing finale to a series that started with promise and faded with each successive outing.
... while it's a far better showing (with a real ending, too) than what The Scorch Trials vomited up, it still feels like we've stretched the entire idea far too thin to care.
[Director Wes Ball] wisely bookends that introductory sequence with a bittersweet, meditative coda that allows Thomas, and the audience, to measure his losses.
The script is bad. [Full Review in Spanish]
a masterwork of mediocrity
The concluding chapter to this winning, deeply satisfying teen dystopia franchise offers a well-plotted, action-packed adventure several notches above what we saw in any of the similarly themed Hunger Games or Divergent films.
...routine, insignificant plot and a flagrant absence of a sense of humor. [Full Review in Spanish]
In the end, Maze Runner: The Death Cure held up its bargain to entertain, while giving these characters a quality send-off. Not without its flaws, there is enough to appreciate if you're willing to look.
Full of barely-defined characters having simulacrums of relationships with each other; but at least it's a looker.
This fizzler of a finale makes little sense.
Should you be unlucky enough to stumble into this film, you will find lots of formulaic guff about viruses and cures, pongy dialogue plucked straight from the 1980s action handbook and a constant feeling of being trapped inside a fast-paced video game.
If you're a fan of the franchise, enjoy watching 'save the world from the apocalypse' type of action thrillers and have been following the story over the years, this finale might be of interest to you.
The final chapter in the trilogy is poorly written, predictable, devoid of suspense.
The things that really should have made [Thomas] change and evolve as a character feel like background elements at times.
Despite the committed work of the cast... the film is a fluctuation of repetitive cliches... [Full review in Spanish]
Maze Runner was a franchise that started off with a fresh idea in the first film. But it huffed and puffed its way to a climax that in all fairness, is nothing short of a massive let down.
Is this as disappointing as the final Hunger Games movie? No, it most certainly isn't. Is it as bad as one of those Taylor Lautner solo vehicles? Nope. But is that a reason to recommend it? For the third time, no.
Thomas remains a bland, uninspiring leader that was basically born the 'Great Saviour,' but he never seems like a big deal.
It's far too long, too haphazardly scotch-taped together and full of gaping plot holes, but it's also exciting, emotional at times and mindless fun that's worth seeing on the big screen.
This is a decent conclusion thanks to O'Brien's likeable lead. But it is Brodie-Sangster who captivates and tugs at your heartstrings.
If you don't mind the near-total absence of originality, The Death Cure is an OK ride, with a likable, multiethnic cast.
The film has a little bit of everything. [Full Review in Spanish]
Oh, come on! You're not even trying here.
A frenzied, simplistic finale, featuring fearless teenagers who turn out to be the world's last best hope...
A spectacular and surprisingly thoughtful action movie.
Surprise, surprise: This is a competent and sometimes gripping movie.
We've seen too much of the same in other titles. [Full Review in Spanish]
... places the film as the best of the franchise. [Full review in Spanish]
Maze Runner: The Death Cure convolutes rather than conveys, muddying its story with twists and turns that feel both unnecessary and unwanted.
If you've waited keenly through the two-and-a-bit years since the second film, you're likely to find the final chapter rewarding enough.
It's a class above anything that's gone before.
The Death Cure feels unusually anticlimactic for a film that's pretty much all climax.
"Maze Runner" pushes it to the limit and ultimately ends up spent.
By the looks of it, Fox went all out for the third and final installment in its Maze Runner trilogy. The question is, will anybody care?
The Maze Runner is the rare series that has improved with each installment, expanding beyond the organic pen of the first film into a bigger and more thrillingly realized science fiction sandbox.
... while Maze Runner: The Death Cure doesn't completely satisfy, it does so just enough to make me think heading out to a matinee screening to give it a look would be worth the effort it takes to do so.
At this point, only a handful of hardcore fans will have good reason to run back into the maze for thirds.
Long and formulaic with occasional moments of intrigue. But mostly it is just dumb and disposable.
Clocking in at a staggering 142 minutes, The Death Cure makes the massive mistake of taking itself too seriously.
It is seriously let down by an inability to put up the words The End. The final 40 minutes constitute the most drawn-out ending I have seen, almost unwatchable.
The literal maze is gone. The metaphysical maze remains. As growing-up metaphors go, Maze Runner was a well-planned voyage from personal isolation to political engagement. Yet, despite the map, the final instalment gets lost on the way to the finish.
It's...not great. But it's better than it has any right to be.
The Death Cure is a grim, half-hearted farewell to this wave of young-adult dystopias.
The sum total should be entertaining for longtime fans of the series, but a little more time on the story and in the editing room might have made Maze Runner: The Death Cure a more worthy finale.
Much of it defies logic or even the commonest of sense, but all the explosions and riots and zombie chompdowns satisfy a certain itch for spectacle.
In fairness, it does better than many of its peers (the Divergent series, which fizzled out before it could come to an end, comes to mind), and the action outstrips even some of its non-genre competition by leaps and bounds.
This opening sequence is actually very thrilling and the best action sequence in the whole franchise. Unfortunately, the rest of movie falls flat with regard to character development, screenplay and proper exposition.
Wes Ball certainly gives the action a commendable amount of dash and panache... even if he does provide a few too many nick-in-time rescues for comfort.
This unnecessary retread could use a cure for boredom.
Violent dystopian trilogy finale wraps us loose ends.
Third time around for the Maze Runner gang doubles the action quotient and should please fans despite an overlong running time and predictable plot points for this type of YA vehicle.
... resolves some of the narrative cliffhangers from its two predecessors, with the only labyrinth left to navigate being a tangle of science-fiction clichés.
Endless running and hiding and running and fighting and running and running...
Cheers to star Dylan O'Brien for returning to complete his starring role after his serious stunt injury in Maze 2, but the third time's a yawn for this YA dystopia series
A tautly plotted young adult dystopian adventure and a fitting end to the trilogy.
As easy as it is to criticize the script's broad strokes and improbable getaway schemes, it's hard to argue with the lessons it imparts: Be loyal, be brave, leave no friend behind.
The Maze Runner trilogy concludes with The Death Cure, which goes through many of the same motions as the first film and preceding sequel The Scorch Trials.
We might have reached the end of the maze but what a way to go. Ball has crafted a rip-roaring, action-packed finale and it's going to be exciting to see where he takes us next.
The emotional stakes are so low you're left to marvel at the first rate action ... and wait for the end credits.
...overly familiar and dramatically insincere. A must for fans of the trilogy. The rest of us, who may barely remember the story elements, will struggle to stay engaged.
The action is handled decently and all involved actually manage to pull at some heartstrings by the time everything is said and done. (Full Content Review for Parents - Violence, Profanity, etc. - also Available)
The final film in the series is probably also the best, not least because it cuts straight to the chase.
You are encouraged to savour the spectacle of this efficient blockbuster rather than question the logic of the plot.
Teen lit will be back, but "The Death Cure" is lost in a maze of its own design.
For fans only.
...The Death Cure continually moves at a brisk space and has an impressive sense of scale, two things the first movie excelled at.
If it is a swansong for YA, it's a solid one.
Rarely can I remember a movie filled with so many miraculous rescues and associated contrivances.
It pales in comparison to the 2014 original.
For better and for worse, it's an overwhelming experience. And just when you think it's over, there's another coda, and then another.
A fitting end to a really fun trilogy.
... we get action sequence after action sequence...
Decent action and some surprises result in an entertaining finale to this dystopian series. [Full review in Spanish]
While a reliance on obvious feelings doesn't make for great Oscar bait, it certainly drives a taut, wholly enjoyable action flick, such as "The Death Cure."
The third and final entry in the sci-fi series based on the books by James Dashner will give fans of the first two exactly what they're looking for.
We know everything about the futuristic world of the series by the end of this movie, and it falls apart upon even the slightest scrutiny.
'The Death Cure' is a fairly serviceable finale. Assuming, of course, that it's really the end. And if it is, then "Maze Runner: The Death Cure" left as it came: promising at first, but then the victim of repetition and overfamiliarity.
A movie "made for the fans," but also a demonstration of why that ethos doesn't make for good cinema.
It spends most of its time on chases, explosions, zombies, evil scientists, and, as in all movies of this genre, the idea that hot teens are all that can save us.
It may have been a slog to get here, but "The Death Cure" rewards those who see it through.
"The Death Cure" is the biggest budgeted, most bloated and longest running entry for the franchise.
The Maze Runner trilogy comes to an end in messy but spectacular fashion in this very convoluted final instalment.
The overlong movie lurches from chase to battle to soul-searching quietude - and then back again - in frustratingly generic action-movie style. It's just one darn thing after another.
A creative challenge for Ball, who not only has to mastermind a franchise closer, but also provide a reason for anyone to return to this anemic brand name in the first place.
Impressive action sequences can't save this series' final chapter that has a very familiar plot and is void of heart and soul.
The YA saga limps across the finish line.
I feel if you just just asked uninfected teens to help find a cure, maybe gave them free pizza, you'd avoid the trouble of creating a high-tech Potemkin village to stimulate their adrenal glands to secrete jamba juice. Or something.
By this point, the franchise has come to rely less on suspense and more on high-speed chases over rugged terrain, generic zombie scare moments and ho-hum virus fixes.
For sure, Death Cure reaches further than its grasp in a vain attempt to close the story on a meaningful note, but who can really blame this gaggle of murder-teens for trying to pretend like all the murdering they did meant something?
Fans of the dystopian franchise will find a satisfying conclusion to the whole endeavour but [Dylan] O'Brien as determined rebel leader Thomas is as wooden as ever and Kaya Scodelario, as turncoat rebel Teresa, nearly overdoes him in that regard.
These young actors transcend T.S. Nowlin's lackluster script - not exactly saving the world, sure, but they do save The Death Cure from being instantly forgotten.
While the final Maze Runner is a rough go at times, it nevertheless sticks the landing, with a forgivable bit of wobble.
Regardless of the simplicity of the plot and the genre cliches that abound in it, Ball's work behind the camera has always been on point. [Full Review in Spanish]
It's a 143-minute action film, often unusually violent and sadistic for a PG-13 movie, with spectacle apparently intended to provide excitement lacking in the characters and story.
In the end, "The Death Cure" makes for thrilling, if not deep-reaching, entertainment.
If only the story line and setting were equal to the more compelling bits of character interplay.
It's watchable, often surprisingly fun, and largely devoid of personality.
A lot of scenes of characters running from one place to another, things exploding for no reason, and empty dialogue exchanges about saving and/or destroying the world.
It may not be the brilliant end that will please all audiences, but THE DEATH CURE is an enjoyable final chapter ready to wrap it all up... for now.
Dullness abounds, with only the odd sudden explosion or gunfight to keep you awake.
Interminable dull stretches blunt the impact of undeniably exciting action sequences, making the series finale unlikely to leave even fans wanting more.
As silly as they sound, these movies are pretty well made, capable of outsize action and teary intimacy.
There's really little point in investing more thought in this movie than the filmmakers, is there?
The Death Cure's disinterest in saying anything unique and original about its genre's tropes matches perfectly with the obvious low expectations from its release schedule.
The Auto-Tuned boy-band version of the apocalypse. You will forgive that every plot point that isn't a cliché is in fact a plot hole because the hero is so dreamy and impossibly perfect, right?
The Death Cure [is] the best-executed and most spectacular episode in Wes Ball's action-packed dystopian science-fiction trilogy.
There are surprises, but of the dopey kind.
A potent grand finale to a science-fiction trilogy of occasionally murky intentions. The film works like gangbusters clear through to its quietly ruminative final moments, a tribute to everything lost and that which is ultimately gained for its survivors.
Drags on repetitiously, its simple narrative unable to sustain the unconscionable length. Despite lots of bombastic action scenes, individual face-offs and self-sacrificial turns,... it lumbers rather than sprints to the finish line.
Occasionally thrilling, but mostly exhausting, dull, and shallow. It's yet another mindless, soulless, and overlong blockbuster that's high on Spectacle and too low on Truth.
I thought it would never end.
The spectacle is decent and the relationship dynamics absorb just enough to fill the lengthy run time.
Director Wes Ball makes it a complete set and his ability to deliver punchy action and the occasional jolting jump-scare frightens some life into a predictable, albeit reasonably satisfying story.
If the series' second effort felt like a placeholder for more to come, The Death Cure concludes the saga with little more than a box-ticking exercise.
It should have been two hours long. If you're going to have a two and a half hour-long movie, have compelling characters.
An entertaining pseudo science fiction. [Full Review in Spanish]
Released at a time when as a society we seem more inclined to be building walls as opposed to breaking them down, this injects a greater deal of profundity to a narrative that gives the power to the disenfranchised.
Ball's enthusiasm for James Dashner's series of books shines through - perhaps slightly too much, with the final act taking a little too long to find closure.
Impressive...and tedious and ENDlessly drawn out.
If The Death Cure had been released when it was originally slated, it would have felt dated, contrived, and derivative. It still does, but a year later it's far enough behind the trend that you feel sorry for it.
They are right: death is the only cure for what ails this film...
Maze Runner: The Death Cure provides a satisfactory concluding chapter to the YA dystopian trilogy, and little else beyond action spectacle.
Between the extended wait, the extended length, and the characters without character, it's unlikely anybody else will have the constitution required to get the end of this maze.
While The Maze Runner franchise has never threatened to go down in cinematic history, it will at least be remembered for giving the increasingly impressive director Wes Ball and compelling star Dylan O'Brien the opportunity to show off their skills.
Should satisfy franchise fans, if not doing much more...
"I know it's hard, but act like you've seen it before," one character says to gawking young hero Thomas (Dylan O'Brien) on arrival. Not hard at all.
The Death Cure is probably about as well-done as it was ever going to be allowed to be.
Simplistic and filled with characters who, however well they may have been developed on the page, have little depth onscreen.
Though set in a post-apocalyptic universe, this uneven and unwieldy Maze Runner finale reeks of 2012.
...the film's padded-out 113 minute running time often threaten[s] to cancel out its more positive attributes.
The Death Cure is an action-packed and somber conclusion to The Maze Runner. The final installment of the popular young adult novels scales upwards on all fronts.
It may not set the world alight - ironically, given the solar flare that started its story's disaster - but it  will get the blood pumping.
The script is just so-so, but Ball's directorial eye, clear in the first "Maze Runner" film though largely AWOL in the second, saves the third and final adventure from its own bloat.
The Death Cure utterly fails to do anything surprising or spectacular that hadn't previously been laid out. It's a dead-end maze of questions the filmmakers themselves seem to be lost inside.
This is the sort of action film where the bad guys often hold their fire for no discernible reason, and are terrible at dodging things, but if one suspends one's disbelief long enough, they're rewarded with a rollicking, highly competent popcorn movie.
Returning director Wes Ball and cinematographer Gyula Pados subsequently get a lot more vibrancy from the film's apocalyptic clashes.
Emotional complication is what this film, so abundant in last-minute getaways, fake-outs, and half-hearted nods to the franchise's greatest hits, needed so as to elevate it out of its programmatic torpor.
Just when you think things are being wrapped up, they come unwrapped, and the picture goes on for another 40 minutes, prolonging your pain with a sadism that would make even the movie's sneering villain feel a bit guilty.
Despite being way too long and maddeningly meandering in places, there are some great moments along the way.
The Death Cure gets stuck with all the loose ends from the other, better Maze Runner movies, and spends too much time wrapping them up and not enough time kicking butt. But the butts that do get kicked get kicked, but hard.
"The Death Cure" may not be able to fully overcome its fundamental childishness, but its director grows up right before our eyes. Here's hoping that his next trilogy is more worthy of his talents.
The franchise puts itself, and viewers, to sleep.
"Death Cure" is the most successful entry in the franchise by far. It may be too late to turn the cultural tide on the genre, but it comes as a relief to see at least one series manage to stick the landing.
While Death Cure is a solid if repetitive finale, the whole thing feels a bit 'over'.
It's as forgettable as the others, but at least I wasn't ready to fall asleep this time
The stunts, the explosions and the chases are all exciting and elaborately mounted; there's just not much of a movie to go with them.

@highlight

Maze Runner: The Death Cure may offer closure to fans of the franchise, but for anyone who hasn't already been hooked, this bloated final installment is best left unseen.