Smug, silly, and forgettable, this vanity project wants to be the next cult hit but really is just another vehicle for Bruce Campbell...
"My Name is Bruce" won't give you sugar, baby. Not on its budget. But Splenda works fine as a substitute for this Kool-Aid, which Campbell knows fans will happily drink. A little bit of purposefully lousy filmmaking winds up going a long way.
It's far better than any of the horror remake crap coming out and it earns its laughs honestly by actually intending to be funny.
I'm pretty sure this is his best effort in years.
Pretty bad, but in a way, we'd be disappointed if it wasn't...it's all about Campbell, a limber linguist whose verbal sense seems straight out of the '40s, and a game physical comic. [Blu-ray]
Doesn't really cut it as a horror or a comedy despite Campbell's undeniable charm.
Add two stars-or even three-if you're as passionate about cheesy B-actor Campbell as he is about himself.
Bruce Campbell (Evil Dead II, etc.) jumps on the post-modern bandwagon with this refreshingly low-key and absolutely hilarious horror comedy.
It's an affably goofy riff on the headaches associated with being America's most underappreciated actor.
Perhaps the best thing that can be said about My Name Is Bruce is that Bruce Campbell has in fact appeared in worse movies.
Light as air, My Name Is Bruce is good for a mild chuckle, not a belly laugh. As any Campbell fan knows, managing expectations is key to getting the most from his work.
Cheerfully embracing his status as cult B-movie genre megastar even as he sends it up, Bruce Campbell's sophomore directorial excursion, My Name is Bruce, is a big in-joke of definite if limited appeal.
It gets by on its concept for a little while but too often mistakes stupid-stupid for clever-stupid.
Subtract Campbell from this movie's idiot-friendly equation and you've got just about any dimwitted horror comedy that's gone straight to video.
As director, [Bruce Campbell] trips through gory gags and gallows humor with more tenacity than talent, while onscreen he mugs shamelessly.
My Name is Bruce is spasmodically funny, but Campbell's counterpoint of cowardice and cockiness remains irresistible.
Comedy/horror movies like Slither and the Evil Dead movies have already done this sort of thing a lot better.
Just know going in that this isn't some hip satire. It's a straight-up B-flick. If that sounds cool, then "groovy"!
A spirited romp of self-deprecation and beheadings that might not hold appeal to the ordinary viewer, but remains absolute catnip to Campbell fans.
It's light, unpretentious as hell, and as caustically amusing as the man himself.
BRUCE was made for Campbell fans and nobody else. With all the quips, references and smart-alecky charm that Campbell brings to the table, there's not a single second that's hard not to love. While technically flawed, the heart is there...
Some horrible racism, odd country theme song breaks, bad gay jokes, and awful action crowd out what works about My Name is Bruce - the reverse love letter to the fans that have kept Campbell a star.
Low midrange in the Master's oeuvre.
Bruce is a thoroughly silly low-budget film made for people who revel in thoroughly silly low-budget films. Fanboys rejoice. Filmistas beware.
Not so groovy after all.
An exercise in self-indulgent filmmaking at its most endearing.
Campbell may do a great job of playing himself, but both the character and the actor deserve a better project.
Its a shame to see such talent squandered here on such a one-note performance.
Preening and fleeing like a grunge-flick Bob Hope, Campbell's the whole show, but a little of his meta-referential shtick goes a long way.
Even when helping to design his own vehicle, he's once again the best thing in a second-rate movie.
no matter how much Campbell fans may like the amiably daft and cheesy My Name Is Bruce, they would probably prefer to be liking it a little more
A bundle of cheesy B-movie fun, with Bruce Campbell at his lovably jerky best.
Willing as Campbell is to Shatner-ize himself, his movie will appeal only to true believers.
While sporadically funny, the sophomoric My Name Is Bruce is no Bubba Ho-Tep.
The fact that My Name Is Bruce knows what it's doing doesn't mean it's funny.
The only things missing from this unfunny Campbell love fest are a passable script, Sam Raimi's inventiveness, and a level of sophistication beyond nose-picking.
One-note insider navel-gazing with no aspirations except to excite its adoring base.




@highlight

My Name Is Bruce succeeds or fails based entirely upon the viewer's opinion of Bruce Campbell, an unreasonable burden for even the most accomplished actor.