The animation is absolutely eye-popping with super bright neon colors.
Fortunately, there were lots of kids at the screening. You gotta watch 'em. They were giggling, singing along, bouncing, and happily kicking the reviewer's seat. Bingo.
It's heart is in the right place, but the execution isn't quite what it needs to be to excel.
The flat, non-rhyming dialogue and mainly dull new characters don't feel particularly Seussian. But thankfully, the animation does.
Dr. Seuss' The Lorax is an entertaining and cautionary tale that stays true to the spirit of the good doctor.
Three minutes of substance, 91 minutes of shrill filler.
A delightful animated feature with special appeal for tree lovers.
Illumination Entertainment has dispensed with almost all of Dr Seuss' endearing dialogue, which is a shame, because the film could do with more of a personality of its own.
A mostly harmless, cute and cuddly pop-infused babysitter for the ADD generation, but a wretched adaptation of Seuss' classic work.
[Hollywood] simply doesn't see girls' and women's lives and needs as worthy of telling stories about... not even when one particular girl's desires are the obvious driver for the story being told.
It's a didactic piece with too much prose, too many chases and not enough wit. Small children will probably like it, but they deserve better.
The catchy songs, personable characters and heartfelt message mean this is still a sweet and enjoyable concoction.
It stinks.
Musical numbers, gorgeous design and a brilliant motorbike chase through the deliciously surreal Thneedville lift this from being a preachy, eco-friendly plod to a witty and comical adventure.
Hollywood has found it tricky translating the whimsical magic of Dr Seuss' tales from page to screen and the makers of The Lorax don't fully pull off the feat here.
Underlying messages of unity and self-sacrifice for a greater good are admirable, drizzled with mawkish sentimentality to sweeten the pill.
A film that's fatally lacking in humanity, and looks as flashy, plastic and commercialised as the world Dr Seuss condemned.
It looks bright and clean and sharp. But there is no charm or life.
It is like delirium tremens, only less fun.
Younger children should be satisfied.
When a film misses the point as cretinously as The Lorax does, it really gets the blood up, although perhaps the lesson to learn here is simply that Seuss's aesthetic resists a cinematic treatment.
Lacks personality and charm, and ends up feeling, somewhat ironically, like a cynical exercise in commercialisation.
Amidst all the padding and razzle-dazzle 3D CGI, the Lorax himself and his grumpy admonitions are pushed to the margins - but the Once-ler's musical number 'How Bad Can I Be?' operates as an anthem for the self-serving, cynical casuistry of our own times.
Irresistibly colourful and its timeless environmental message is useful to for children to be aware of in a general sense before they are hit by more politically convenient 'global warming' arguments in later life.
Beautifully rendered and charmingly told, this family animation packs more of an environmental punch than most kids' fare.
Watchable eco-friendly comedy that scrapes a pass thanks to lively animation, colourful characters and a handful of amusing gags, though the script is rather thin and the plot feels both lazy and underdeveloped.
About as factory-produced a film as it's possible to make about the evils of commercialism, while the bulbous, Haribo-hued animation style reflects none of Seuss's visual wit.
Lovely to look at and with some fun material not of Seuss' invention, but it's too hectoring, like reading an environmental textbook with jolly pictures.
The Lorax is immensely colourful, catchy and cheery. Then again, it's also gaudy, bland and recycled. You can do better.
Bright and breezy and slightly preachy, this modern Lorax entertains but never soars.
It's a visual delight; all beautifully-designed 3D animation, detailed sight gags and unique characters shaped in Seuss's immediately recognisable style.
The film's animation is very colorful and imaginative, reflecting the original artwork of Theodor Seuss Geisel. Although there is a definite environmental message in the film, it is also a story of empowerment.
And just to make all this Hollywoodization--this snappy, fizzy, poppy enviro-libation, sugar-coated for the ADD-kid generation--even more delicious to swallow, well, the look of it all seems oddly plastic and hollow.
For all its good intentions, there's something deeply unsettling about this bubblegum pop approach to environmentalism.
It's nice to see Seuss on the loose on the big screen again.
The Lorax wants so much to be adorable that it loses sight of its stated messages; the film feels synthetic and lacks the conviction of the source material.
The heavy handed, hypocritical propaganda hits too many false notes to care two 'truffulas' about.
There's just something missing in translation from that most powerful book.
Despite being blatant enviro-tainment, it's a win for the world if the stories of Dr Seuss are still being told. The film has its heart in the right place and might get children into the garden for some manual labour.
Mindless fun isn't exactly what I was hoping for with 'The Lorax,' but that's what you get.
There are only a few laughs and the characters aren't that exciting. I much preferred Kung Fu Panda will all its action and fighting.
The new narrative, with its cloying song numbers and an ending lifted from Wall-E, turns Seuss' serious yet still somewhat subtle pro-environmental message into a heavy-handed corporate screed.
Apart from its message about the dangers of greed and the threat to the fragile environment, it doesn't aim very high visually or technically. But it's entertaining, colourful -- and it doesn't overstay its welcome.
The Lorax is perfectly pitched for children. But for adults, and especially fans of the book, the glossiness and clunky songs are a bit too much to take, and ironically give a synthetic feel to a story that preaches the opposite.
Given its inevitable merchandise tie-ins, this animated eco-preachy affair carries with it more than a whiff of questionable intent.
The 3D-CG work is exceptional, down to the hairy edges of the Thneed, a sort of multi-functional scarf affair in orange, made from the Thneed trees, which have orange fairy floss for foliage.
Multi-coloured trees resembling fairy floss are the focus of this inventively funny, eco-friendly 3D animated confection ... a hilarious, uplifting, inventive and wonderful film for all ages
Unfairly bashed by the anti-environment PR machine, this is a delight.
The movie today projects the story's theme through a prism of even timelier contemporary woes of failed banks, corporate fat cats and the general feeling that the "green" is being squeezed out of most everyone left and right.
May be a diversion for younger children, but it betrays the elegant simplicity of Geisel's vision.
Dr. Seuss' The Lorax doesn't speak for anyone, no one at all, and if it does have a tongue it's tied itself into so many knots trying to decipher its points, beyond the obvious ones, of course, is frustratingly impossible.
Given the extent to which it perverts Theodor Geisel's classic children's book, Dr. Seuss' The Lorax might as well be named J.K. Rowling's The Lorax or F. Scott Fitzgerald's The Lorax or even Jane Austen's The Lorax.
Directors Chris Renaud and Kyle Balda have filled every scene with funny-looking (or sounding) characters, sight gags, and one-liners to provide constant distraction.
Dr Seuss' eco-fable is transformed into a raucous adventure comedy in this colourful animated feature. And it's a little embarrassing really.
So what if the 3D is perfunctory? The drawing is terrific.
The backstory about why trees are important and why greed is bad is fronted by a story that children can embrace, with plenty of screwball comedy and numerous chase scenes.
Screenwriters Ken Daurio and Cinco Paul can be forgiven if they aren't as consistent in replicating the magic of the book.
The Lorax speaks for the trees; Zac Efron speaks for the vital 12-to-18-year-old demographic.
The songs are a waste but this candy-colored, animated musical adaptation of Sr. Seuss' cautionary tale from 1971 otherwise is enjoyable.
Too preachy for my taste but the kids around me seemed to love it.
I can think of no reason why anyone who doesn't have small children -- or isn't a movie critic -- would have the least interest in seeing it.
There's something tedious about this film, partly because the Lorax is sidelined, partly due to a pointed environmental message that ultimately overrides all the characters.
The Lorax at its best is only a perfectly average example of the modern "family" film, and at its worst is several rungs lower.
It is a beautifully designed, well constructed movie. Unfortunately, the story at the core of the movie seems more like an artifact of 1970 and repeatedly weighs down what could otherwise have been a better film.
Simply stunning.
manages to maintain the impact of Seuss' original message about the dangers of overindustrialization amid the cacophony of additional characters and action sequences
Commercially viable but not up to Dr. Seuss' standards, resulting in a Lorax-approved laundry detergent appearing in a grocery store near you.
I am the Lorax, I speak for the trees. I'm a creature whose hair is like Wilford Brimley's. 'But the trees have no tongue, and neither should you...' Unless Liberty Medical buys it, that's true!
There are some cute and funny moments, but too much of it feels like filler.
Lorax delivers a vital, hopeful message.
A happy success.
A heavy-handed, one-sided 3-D animated feature that tells a tale of a world gone crazy in desperate need of clean air and real trees.
It's not WALL-E, but it does bear the same cross.
The story might be more than 40 years old but it holds plenty of contemporary relevance.
This might work as a diversion for younger kids, but there is no sign of the wit or wisdom of Dr. Seuss.
My favorite part of The Lorax was the Despicable Me 2 trailer. Honestly.
Director Chris Renaud and his team have fun with these dithery, frenetic characters. The film is less special when it slows down and takes a breath of fresh air.
This tale is filled with delightful characters and it's sugarcoated with vibrant animation and candy colors.
When all is said and done, The Lorax has plenty of ups and downs when it comes to added plot and characters, but it's still a nice family feature nonetheless.
The picture offers such a loving, moving reproduction of Dr. Seuss' warm images that you almost wish the filmmakers had forgotten about the plot.
A merry, song-filled, candy-colored thing that's as hollow as a cheap chocolate bunny.
What I found most impressive about the movie is that it manages to make its point without beating you over the head with its green-tinted message.
Dr. Seuss classic is cute, but watch for product tie-ins.
The badness of the picture is a shock.
Par for the course in blowout CGI adaptations, a great deal of detail and bustle is gained at the expense of charm-for all the miracles these armies of animators can achieve, they have yet to successfully reproduce a humble artist's line.
Along comes The Lorax, who's saving the trees. Recommending is easy, maybe even a breeze.
The Lorax is a green movie - as in the color of money - that winds up making Dr. Seuss' simplicity into a theme park ride blueprint with a preachy message.
It just never quite connects in the way fans of this legendary character hope it would.
Hypocrisy on an epic scale, this computer-animated feature turns the Dr. Seuss classic about corporate greed into a multimillion-dollar toy commercial.
[i]The Lorax[/i] is some fun animated fare and unless you really, really hate trees, adorable animals and all forms of nature it's worth your time.
For kids, The Lorax offers life lessons about selflessness and the environment. And while the palettes allure, and the creatures are amusing, feeble songs and dull-ish leads turn The Lorax lifeless.
...a terminally underwhelming animated endeavor that ultimately does a disservice to its literary predecessor...
The character in the book never came down from that hole in the sky; one look at the movie and I'm ready to follow him.
The movie retains [the book's central] idea, but it comes perilously close to being drowned out by aggressively broad physical comedy, unnecessary action set-pieces and obnoxious characterizations.
"Dr. Seuss' The Lorax" eschews [Seuss'] unique style in favor of less risky, more generic characters. It looks like something you've seen before.
Grown-ups will like seeing their beloved childhood book brought to the big screen in 3D while kids will enjoy the antics of the Lorax and the bears.
A colorful, vivacious, CG-animated adaptation of Dr. Seuss' same-named children's book, The Lorax delivers a peppy juvenile adventure along with an underlying ethical message that advises against greed and rampant over-consumption.
Conservative pundit Lou Dobbs is correct, this movie is trying to hook kids on environmentalism. And more power to it.
While the movie is funnier than the book, the drawback of this modernized version is that it loses the timeless quality of the story on the page.
Where "The Lorax" succeeds, it's by letting its Seussian spirit shine through.
It could have been worse. How much worse it could be! / But is that enough? Not for my kids and me. / It's no Despicable Me, sad to say. / Perhaps someone should lift this Lorax away.
The Lorax is fast-moving, awash in colour, full of slapstick, cuddly animals and cute gags.
It's puffed up with lots of extraneous stuff - Super fun for the kids but for grown-ups? Just fluff.
I am the critic, I speak to displease: "The Lorax" is awful, like chronic disease.
It looks like a bowl of fuzzy Froot Loops. But it goes down like an order of oatmeal.
... young audiences are most likely going to enjoy the experience across the board... [but] some of the dramatic choices color my ability to fully endorse an adaptation of what is one of the most significant of the books that Seuss left behind.
The film moves along at a brisk pace, with enough action, comedy and cute and/or goofy supporting characters to entertain the kids and keep most adults from ever getting bored with the proceedings. (Content Review for Parents also available)
Those who will agree don't need to be convinced, and those who disagree will find this propaganda cartoon all too easy to dismiss.
How many kids are going to take away Seuss' actual message from a song that breaks down the logical holes of supply-side economics?
A fun, touching delight, dripping with aesthetic wonder and the boundless reaches where only animated films can go. Dr. Seuss would be proud of this one.
At the very least, the film makes up for the (awful) live action adaptations that Universal thrust upon moviegoers a decade ago.
The film's zippy and buoyant framework, however, make the lessons seem not like medicine.
Seuss' original message resonates but the rest of the overwrought window dressing that's required to "movie" it up only serves to dilute and bore.
The whole thing is harmless.
This movie version adds a whole lot of other stuff, most of it not very good and not in keeping with the spirit of the Seuss original.
The big screen's best treatment of Seuss since the wonderfully weird 1953 kid-flick The 5,000 Fingers of Dr. T.
a giddy, grin-producing guilty pleasure
Cotton candy on the eyes...audiences will find plenty of superficial delights.
It remains faithful to the spirit of Seuss. The pro-conservation, anti-consumerist message of the book is heartily intact. And, like the Seuss story, the film never resorts to sermonizing.
Jovial, colorful and engaging family entertainment.
The Lorax is so big, flashy and redundant that it courts precisely the kind of blind consumerism it's supposed to be condemning. It doesn't trust kids to sit still and pay attention for even a minute.
It's a diversion worth some giggles, a few visual wows and a brief reminder to do good, but unlike the Thneed, it's not something that everyone, EVERYONE, EVERYONE needs.
Despite some schmaltz and pandering, this is a still a nifty feat of protest whose activism now comes mostly from songs.
The design is witty and imaginative, and the small grace notes are enough to keep an open-minded adult giggling.
Despite the fact that the Seuss book's illustrations depict trees topped in yellow and pink, the filmmakers seem to have almost gone out of their way to ensure that no colors found in nature be used to tell this ecological tale.
A sort of CliffsNotes version of the Theodor Geisel children's book, with simplistic CGI, Day-Glo color palette and a pounding score.
Did you ever get a package where the bubble wrap was 10 times the volume of the item inside? That's what "Dr. Seuss' The Lorax" is like.
Brimming with musical numbers, car chases, and shrill celebrity voice work, The Lorax is a tuneless, lifeless creation.
"The Lorax" captures the look and intent of Dr. Seuss' 1971 children's book. But it never quite duplicates the underlying magic.
A rare example of an adaptation that actually adds dimension, not to mention original songs, to the work it's based on.
"The Lorax" is considered one of Seuss' grimmest books, but the film, co-produced by Audrey Geisel, sweetens it up with the teen romance and with abundant humor.
The movie is a noisy, useless piece of junk, reverse-engineered into something resembling popular art in accordance with the reigning imperatives of marketing and brand extension.
The film, directed by Chris Renaud and Kyle Balda, adds several characters to the original story -- and a few boffo song-and-dance numbers, as well.
This is purely warm, wonderful, wise and hilarious family entertainment that is fantastic movie fun for everyone.
Even adults are likely to walk out wondering how our own society has strayed so far from any sensible path ... before hopping into their Lorax-approved Mazda and heading to IHOP for some Truffula Chip pancakes.
More a civics lesson than a story, The Lorax is the tale of a cantankerous woodland sprite who comes across as a shrill nag.
Nice and easily enjoyable for kids and ex-kids.
It's impossible not to be charmed by "Dr. Seuss' The Lorax," a 3-D animated rendering of the Seuss tale of environmental activism and the power of one person to make a difference.
From the opening song-and-dance production number introducing us to the plastic-loving population of Thneedville, to the adorably comic critters who live in the lush valley, this kid-pleasing movie packs a visual punch and a worthy message.
[It] does a few smaller things right but the bigger things not quite. I've come to fear these movies.
The Lorax packs all its crucial action into a few key scenes, further exacerbating the feeling that the movie could easily be chopped down into a half-hour TV special, much like the 1972 Seuss-scripted animated adaptation of the same book.
With a small handful of musical numbers and a likable hero in the form of Ted, you can do much worse than this when it comes to a family friendly feature.
The animation is lovely, with some cleverly designed locations and characters, but it isn't enough to prop up the threadbare plot.
[The Lorax] has its share of eye-popping amusements, but its wobbly pacing and routine kidpic elements make for an experience that feels not just tiresome and rudderless but antithetical to the Seuss spirit.
Down go the Truffula trees, out pops Danny DeVito's pissed-off woodland spirit, and suddenly you're watching a cautionary tale that no number of ancillary Lorax toys is going to dispel.
The movie is like a less original WALLE, but it's still vibrant and touching.
Armed with a splendid voice cast and a gorgeously-rendered 3D-CG landscape, Dr. Seuss' The Lorax entertains while delivering its pro-environmental, anti-greed message wrapped in a bright package of primary colors that truly pop.
The result is solidly entertaining - not quite as good as Horton Hears a Who or How the Grinch Stole Christmas - but unquestionably better than The Cat in the Hat. I now await Green Eggs and Ham and the Further Adventures of Sam I Am.
Chris Renaud crafts his action with equal doses of surreal sweetness, silliness, and flair, and does so without ever feeling overly pushy and desperate to please.
[VIDEO] Beautifully animated and performed, "Dr. Seuss' The Lorax" fulfills yet another pitch-perfect filmic rendering of a children's classic by the late Theodor Geisel.


@highlight

Dr. Seuss' The Lorax is cute and funny enough but the moral simplicity of the book gets lost with the zany Hollywood production values.