Milks the character and his foibles for all the laughs he's worth--which prove to be plenty.
Being a filmmaker myself, I have an affection for directors who gather all the money they can and just go for it. But the humor is not consistent enough for me to fully recommend this.
Watchable mockumentary with strong performances, but it's not as funny as it should have been and is ultimately both depressing and uncomfortable to sit through.
Has an irresistible charm and infectious energy.
Watching the movie, even when it's not working -- which is a lot of the time -- one doesn't tire of McBride.
The blatant, inarticulate idiocy of McBride's Simmons is, in a certain way, endearing.
It's almost funny, or theoretically funny. It's just not actually funny.
But the annoying McBride often resorts to foul-mouthed tirades and so lacks Ricky Gervais's warmth.
When it works, The Foot Fist Way is among the most painfully funny comedies of the year. Alas, there's just as much here that doesn't quite hit home, making for a lot of dead air between the gags.
Cut from the same cringe-inducing cloth as The Office and Napoleon Dynamite, this low-budget comedy about a clueless Tae Kwan Do tutor punches, chops and karate-kicks above its weight.
This could have been The Karate Kid done as The Office, but in the end drops to its knees as The Flat-Foot Ham-Fisted Way.
From a bunch of minor Judd Apatow protégés, a dispiriting low-budget series of witless, misogynistic sketches masquerading as comedy.
Shot on video, more vérité than mockumentary in style, Foot Fist shames bigger-budgeted fare with its gags-to-bucks ratio.
The comedy is of the kind that makes you wince rather than laugh; the camerawork is defiantly ugly and the performances are unpolished.
A funny showcase for rising star Danny McBride, if not quite the second comedy coming it's being marketed as.
While most of the deadpan remarks hit the spot, the erratic sketch-like editing and overall slapdash structure give it an air of incompleteness. Fun in parts, slipshod in others.
A striking low-budget debut that manages to combine deadpan one-liners, pathos, physical comedy and fighting stars.
...there is no way of my getting around saying how badly amateurish the film is and how prosaic it can be.
Performances are uneven and sometimes self-consciously amateurish, and Brian Mandle's photography seems to be only a couple of notches above cell-phone home movies.
Apparently the writers thought Fred was so inherently funny they barely bothered to write jokes for him - and then thought those jokes were so funny they didn't need well-timed delivery.
This comedy clocks in around 90 minutes. Yet somehow it still feels too long and overly padded -- as if it were a sketch-comedy show bit that was stretched out to feature length.
If I had my way, every indie comedy would be done The Foot Fist Way.
A semi-hilarious nonformula movie that makes you realize why formulas are born.
Built out of the 'asshole as hero' mode of amusement...The Foot Fist Way is a collection of contradictory ideals gelling effortlessly into a smart, savvy whole.
A low-budget wannabe cult comedy shot three years ago, only recently graduating from underground DVD circulation to a small theatrical release. It should've stayed in obscurity.
Basically plays like a Will Ferrell vehicle without Will Ferrell.
A raucous and often very funny examination of a man who is a loser in every possible respect.
A very cool comedy based on character -- real, and really self-deluded characters -- and not on shtick.
Everything feels like it sprang from an all-night, cola-fueled brainstorm, so every bit slips easily away, usually after generating a grin or two, if not many laughs.
McBride's smalltown satire offers minor martial arts-themed laughs.
Boasting outrageous laughs and a performance with real heart beneath its dim-bulb exterior, The Foot Fist Way is a ragged delight.
Fred is a sadder, more recognizable version of Ferrell characters like Ricky Bobby or Ron Burgundy, a pompous manchild with delusions of masculine dominance.
McBride sells the character with a straight face at all times, making it that much harder to watch when Simmons settles into full-fledged train-wreck mode.
Google the trailer. That should be enough.
Some bits fall flat well before they're driven into the ground, such as when Simmons tries to seduce a new female student. Others are painfully telegraphed so that when the payoff arrives, you've anticipated the blow and have become inured to it.
Morning zoo radio DJs can rejoice: You'll be mining quotes from this movie for the next several decades.
We've all met this guy or someone close, and that makes him all the more deserving of that derision and a bit of empathy, too.
Once we relax into the fact that not much is going to happen, we can enjoy the film's little moments of nutso inspiration.
It's also pretty funny at times, even if its central joke wears thin.
It plays exactly like a Will Ferrell comedy, but better, because Ferrell's not in it.
My tolerance for the mockumentary form of comedy has curdled somewhat in the wake of the past decade's serious subgenre overkill.
I cannot recommend this movie, but I can describe it, and then it's up to you...What it does, it does well, even the point of its disgusting final scene.
There is a certain sense of self-loathing that goes into these sorts of character comedies, as if the actors are reveling in their own humiliation.
Does this title mean I can put my foot AND my fist through the screen?
I have read reviews from seemingly sensible critics who have found this one to be equally amusing, which would indicate that they are all on some wavelength that I am as yet not privy to or that I need to recalibrate my conception of the word "sensible."
Just as the dish begins to sizzle, Foot Fist turns off the burners. This is fare meant to be served cool.
I'm told people at Sundance a couple of years ago loved this movie. I don't know, maybe the altitude got to them.
Tae kwan don't...as stupid and irritating as its protagonist.
The Foot Fist Way is not short on broad physical humor. But Simmons is a brilliantly detailed grotesque capable of withstanding comparison to his most obvious inspiration, Ricky Gervais' Office boss David Brent.
A hit at the 2006 Sundance Film Festival, The Foot Fist Way is a refreshingly silly and clever portrait of a strikingly daft and clueless man.
The filmmaking is rough around the edges, but the dialogue is dead on, McBride, Hill and Best nail their characters (it would be easy to assume they're just playing themselves) and the stunts are uncomfortably convincing.
The Foot Fist Way amounts to a feature-length audition to win Will Ferrell's attention. And guess what? It worked.
There are enough droll moments to spark cult status, and McBride's commitment is impressive.
The saga of small-town strip mall taekwondo instructor Fred Simmons, The Foot Fist Way is the sort of nimble oddball discovery that one wishes would come along more often.
Not bad for a one-joke movie, but still unmistakably a one-joke movie.
Pretty slickly done, given the budget, but more importantly pretty damned funny.
...amuses as you watch but does not have the shoulders to last long in your mind after leaving the theater.
This sleeper hit in the making is sweet and sour in all the right proportions, the best thing of its kind since Napoleon Dynamite.
Worse things can and will happen this year than The Foot Fist Way being a small success.
This discomfiting low-budget comedy vérité can be painfully funny, but the emphasis is on the painful. This goes Way below the belt a little too long and too often.
Trouble is, the gags just keep finding new ways to make McBride's strip-mall sensei seem pathetic, and the few scattered laughs never justify the cruelty.
Director Jody Hill...maintains his odd tone throughout and caps off the news that Fred's been cuckholded with one of the funniest camera moves since the Coen Brothers floated over a drunk in "Blood Simple."
Martial arts "comedy" is crude, mean and unfunny.
Like an entire movie of deleted scenes on a DVD you got for free at the grocery store.
The film stops when the jokes do, making for an anti-climactic finale. But if The Foot Fist Way is more about promise than delivery, its creators are off to an impressive start.
This hilarious, high-kicking nonsense cost two cents and looks it -- hell, it was shot in 19 days, but you'll laugh helplessly anyway.
Even though The Foot Fist Way has some moments of inspired lunacy, its paper-thin premise could barely sustain a half-hour short, let alone an 85-minute feature.
Breaking boards and concrete blocks is fun to watch, but that and a few good laughs, do not a viable comedy product make
At times, it verges on being overbearing, too much to watch -- and yet you can't turn your eyes away for fear of missing whatever excruciatingly awkward moment might come next.
The Foot Fist Way signifies the most original comic vision since Hot Fuzz.
This is irritainment, something you snicker at while covering your eyes, praying that this guy never gets loose in the real world, when, in fact, he's your next-door neighbor. Or you.
It may not look like much, but the low-budget tae kwon do comedy The Foot Fist Way is one of the funniest DIY flicks in years, thanks to the droll wit of writer-director Jody Hill and star Danny McBride.
Stays doggedly true to its idiosyncratic off-kilter vibe.
A film crying out to be discovered by midnight movie mavens.
This movie's weakness is disgusting to me.
For a low budget, independent comedy made in 19 days, "The Foot Fist Way" is a clever and surprisingly satisfying effort from first-time director and co-writer Jody Hill.
The film's funniest moment caught me at a loss of breath, and at its best has other moments providing extended laughs, if not of the breathtaking variety.
This is a really small film, shot in 19 days, and it's a little rough around the edges, but it's got a huge comic heart that's undeniable.







@highlight

The rough edges and biting humor of this martial arts comedy will keep audiences laughing and cringing in turns.