A lousier adventure movie you won't find this year: 10,000 B.C. belongs, if not back in the stone age, then at least back in the mid '90s, where this sort of mindless, effects-driven drivel is best left.
All [Emmerich] cares about is not being boring. On that level, he succeeds.
One of the biggest problems with the film is the casting.
Some backgrounds look as though Roland Emmerich and crew broke into a museum after hours and filmed in dioramas. Rather than a disaster film, this was just plain disaster - a departure from Emmerich's usually effective milieu and his most moronic movie.
Violent, poorly conceived prehistoric action.
Heavy on moronic mysticism and light on imagination, excitement, and shot-to-shot coherence
10,000 BC takes film making back to the stone age...
Brace yourself for a mammoth disappointment.
People expecting a fun action movie will be severely disappointed. If you get drunk with some buddies and go to make fun of it, you might like it more. But that doesn't make it a good movie
Would make a good drinking game; silly fun but not "good." A critic sitting near me snorted in derision at my "the costumes kicked ass," but I won't back down. They were really cool.
I can't help but think that 10,000 BC started out as an idea that sounded like, "Wouldn't it be cool if we had wooly mammoths and saber toothed tigers and people all in the same movie?" and went from there.
A disaster that can't even get the computer generated images right.
...most of the film is simply a matter of waiting for it to end.
Ready to rumble, scantily clad Neanderthals gone wild, gliding around the globe faster than high speed Internet. And while dodging seemingly nearsighted menacing reptiles with bad manners, whose oversized choppers repeatedly miss their mark.
But the folks who made 10,000 B.C. have filled their film with a sub-Disney plot and inserted a few measly slivers of action that hardly warrant all the mystical hubbub and romantic angst.
It was a pleasant surprise.
In fact, while sitting through this banal attempt at a big-scale epic, I could not help but go through a checklist in my mind of all the movies "10,000 B.C." borrows from.
The filmmakers should be ashamed of themselves for even allowing this movie to enter a movie theatre. It was like a bad made for TV special that you would see on ABC or NBC.
ena matso kakomoirides sernontai stin ammo kai ton ilio, s' ena ftino, proheiro, afeles kai kakogoysto deigma karampinatis gerontikis anoias toy Emmerich
One of the worst movies I've ever seen.
crap, and more crap in a crap bucket
The actors speak in fluent anachronistic English. The dialogue is prehistoric but not in the way Emmerich intended.
It's a film that countryman Uwe Boll would have made had he the budget and the cinematographer
I enjoyed the movie, so it qualifies as a mammoth guilty pleasure
it is hard to be enthralled with the dusty, warmed-over romantic fixations of what is essentially a very handsome cave-couple
It's just a wrong movie altogether, an elaborately nonsensical stew of crazy costumes, bizarre accessories, and funny voices.
Surely it's only coincidence that the sign of D'Leh's accomplishment is a White Spear.
You actually have to feel sorry for the actors, one of which is New Zealander Cliff Curtis, the only person I recognised.
I don't know about you, but if I want to get excited about an ancient mammal I'll tune in Janice Dickinson.
With a dreadfully dull story and performances as petrified as 12,000-year-old wooden artifacts, 10,000 BC shambles along as if on a march to its own extinction.
It's a horrible movie.
strictly a popcorn flick version of Joseph Campell's hero's journey that looks great even as it plays fast and very loose with geography, biology, and anything else that gets in its way
A blind man is brought up on a slab from beneath the earth, where he has spent years cooped up in cramped quarters with nothing to keep him entertained. After spending two hours in a darkened theater watching 10,000 B.C., I could relate.
One can only infer that, in order for it to be taken seriously, the makers expected audiences to forget pretty much every movie they'd ever seen before in their entire life.
Director Roland Emmerich has swapped disaster movies like The Day After Tomorrow and Godzilla for, well, a disaster of a movie.
Even though there's never a hint of either research or gritty realism, it's still good fun.
Roland Emmerich's prehistoric odyssey 10,000 BC is his silliest, most preposterous blockbuster to date. But it's lots of fun, too.
Roland Emmerich's great big CGI blockbuster lumbers along like one of the woolly mammoths that roam across the screen.
Don't expect Roland Emmerich's 10,000BC to make much sense, historically, geographically or logically.
In what might be a record, the makers of this prehistoric drama spent two years and 20m fine-tuning the special effects to ensure its cast of mammoths, sabre-toothed tigers and maneating birds looked as realistic as possible.
Should have been a lot more fun.
Roland Emmerich loves to make big, dumb movies, and though this may not be his biggest, it's certainly his dumbest.
Take the kids along; unless you want them to grow up to be palaeontologists.
A beggar's banquet of milky CGI beasties and clunky battle-porn set-pieces, 10,000 B.C. is an extravagant waste of time, money and effort. Fans of caveman antics may want to go with something more historically accurate. Like The Flintstones.
Like the lumbering mammoths, it is plodding and dull.
With too much talk, not enough adventure and a laughable disregard for geography and anthropology, 10,000 BC is less Jurassic Park than Pleistocene parp.
The mammoths aren't all that is wild and woolly in this innocent, old-fashioned, amusingly self-important, entertainingly mad, rip-snorting throwback to vintage Saturday matinee fare.
This year's first Event Movie is almost guaranteed to wind up as its dumbest.
Strait has to be one of the most unsympathetic cardboard heroes of the genre, while Bell leaves little reason to care for her beyond her bitching dreadlocks...
...lovesick prehistoric man traverses the globe to rescue the woman he loves.
It's all just F/X opportunities, exposing Hollywood's -- and our own -- non-relationship to history.
Neither grand enough to be impressive nor antic enough to be charming, the movie settles for bland and frantic, climaxing in a showdown among decadent pyramid builders.
Sets new standards for stupidity. This is like Uwe Boll with a budget. This is the village idiot of movies.
Making prehistoric people talk and behave just like modern people in a 10,000 B.C. setting makes actors look silly. Their costumes are silly, the settings are silly, and the whole movie is unintentionally funny.
My poor brain hung in there for as long as it could, but it lost its grip during the giant chicken attack and I haven't seen it since.
If Mel Gibson remade Apocalypto and cast it with the Geico cavemen, he might end up with something akin to 10,000 B.C..
Just barely good enough to fulfill the needs of an audience starved for any sort of effects-driven film that hardly sticks in the brain for more than a few minutes after it's over.
Good special effects are expensive, so the filmmakers are forced to use unimpressive actors to fill in the spaces between the CGI creations.
'A sweeping odyssey into a mythical age of prophesies and gods,' according to the press notes; it's also a sweeping odyssey into a mythical age in which snow is referred to even by Ice Age veterans as 'the great white rain'...
While there are moments, '10,000 B.C.' never makes you jump. On the plus side, the movie isn't as lumbering as those digital elephantine beasts.
On a Neanderthal level, "10,000 B.C." works.
One of the stupidest and most boring films of the year.
Visually, historically and creatively, this film dishonors the year 10,000 B.C.
This is actually a movie you forget while watching it.
This is just stupidly lazy storytelling, nothing more (and certainly nothing less), and I'd tell the director to be ashamed of himself but I'm pretty darn positive he didn't even notice he did anything wrong.
While admittedly formulaic and banal, it's also a guilty pleasure for those who enjoy watching stampeding herds of woolly mammoths.
10,000 B.C. is a load of crap dressed up with pretty background vistas. The film is terminally lifeless, something that a so-called 'event' picture should never be.
While there's an attempt to make this a personal story, it's really about what we thought it would be: Incredible vistas populated with a combination of ancient temples, pyramids, woolly mammoths and a cast of (CGI) thousands.
I cheered for the villains who were building a colossal civilization.
The sheer spectacle of the film makes it an easier sell on the big screen than on DVD
Too dumb to take seriously, but just silly enough to be sort of fun.
One part Joseph Campbell hero quest, one part multi-culti morality tale, one part live-action Flintstones cartoon, 10,000 B.C. is finally every part just plain nuts.
This much-delayed film cries out for consideration for Worst CGI, Most Annoying Narrator, Lamest Dialogue and Dumbest Action Hero.
Even a cameo by Pauly Shore in Encino Man would liven up this bombastic bore.
10,000 B.C. is a movie of woolly mammoths and fuzzy thinking.
10,000 BC would be much better if it allowed itself the freedom to be kitsch.
The best acting comes from woolly mammoths, man-eating ostriches and a saber-toothed tiger -- and those babies are digital. It's the human actors who look fake.
10,000 B.C. isn't only brain-dead, it's completely dead. It's inert and without a heartbeat.
Where's Raquel Welch in that fur bikini?
Yabba-dabba-don't.
While the special effects are top notch... the humans are dull, the dialogue is ridiculous, and anyone expecting a repeat of the action in 300 is going to be sorely disappointed with this bloodless PG-13 adventure.
...the Yagahl speak English with an inflection that ranges from fake-African to fake-Russian, sometimes within the same sentence.
The less said about historical accuracy, the better.
The characters may speak English, but the narrative is gibberish.
Outrageous and outlandish, Emmerich's 10,000 BC is easy to mock, but it is so cheerfully shameless and terminally silly that you have to admire its effrontery and accept its creator... as a certified crackpot visionary.
Hey, CG mammoths! And lots of 'em! And some raptor/dodo thingies that move exactly like Spielberg's dinosaurs. Still, looks cool enough. Could've used some more of the saber-toothed tiger, though.
A strong camp sensibility is just about the only thing that might have saved this lumbering beast.
10,000 B.C. is a true disaster on every level, a derivative and sometimes incomprehensible mess.
The mammoths are cool. The squealing killer ostriches, perhaps inspired by ancient phorusrhacid fossils, are idiotic but... okay, they're idiotic.
If you thought 300 was silly, think of 10,000 BC as 33.333 times sillier.
Barney Rubble had a lot more charisma than anyone involved in this movie.
You may be expecting a showcase of cutting-edge visuals -- isn't the appeal of the title the implicit promise of seeing a lost world re-created to presumably dazzling effect? But for the most part, it's just barren landscapes and people in animal skins.
It made me yearn to see Caveman again. At least that was intentionally funny.
Overblown and stupefyingly dull.
[I] saith to you that I had a strangely good time, and whether that is from laughing at 10,000 B.C. or laughing with it I knoweth not, although I strongly suspect the former.
There have been funny movies about prehistoric times ... but for real gut-busting laughs, it's hard to top the ridiculousness of 10,000 B.C.
Even as a fantasy spectacle, 10,000 B.C. is sorely in need of intelligent design.
There's shockingly nothing to recommend about this flat, dull, and excruciatingly boring adventure to a time that apparently predates things like character, action, or even editing.
Oh my god: the silly, it burns. It burns!
Clearly, the B.C. here stands for Benetton Colors, since it's got nothing to do real history.
Too much of 10,000 BC seems to be sampled from other movies that preceded it
It promises spectacle and action but fails to deliver all that much of either, and ends up being so dull it can't even be enjoyed for its camp value.
More than anything else, though, the movie recalls the overblown Hollywood biblical epics of the 1950s, with all their attendant anachronisms and free-floating cheese.
Our favorite Teutonic huckster presumes that prehistory means that anything narrative goes: hey, who can prove him wrong?
10,000 B.C. takes a prehistoric approach to storytelling.
This may well be the first prehistoric epic in which the liberal deployment of such words as "oog," "agh" and "uck" would have actually improved the screenplay considerably.
As a series of set pieces looking for any available fable to keep it afloat, 10,000 BC is really nothing more than computing power and implausibility.
Director Roland Emmerich is the ultimate spectacle over substance filmmaker. He actually makes Michael Bay look like Stanley Kubrick by comparison.
If you are ten years old fan of video games with a short attention span and no knowledge of history, you will love this movie. The further you stray from these core qualifications, the less you will love it.
...it's laughably bad, which means that if you can approach it as a really stupid film you just might find yourself enjoying it.
The film proves to be uncharacteristically restrained.
Would that Emmerich took as much care with his human characters as with inanimate objects and CGI animals.
... a dull compendium of recycled adventure epic cliches.
Roland Emmerich has a remarkable talent for draining all the life out of interesting stories.
The film's heart is in the right place, but its script is not evolved enough to deliver the message without the constant clout of a caveman's club.
The kind of movie that people will discover new and hilarious ways to mock for years to come.
I have to give Emmerich credit for creating a film that's been funnier than '27 Dresses' or 'Over Her Dead Body.'
CGI effects are letter perfect believable. The opening mastodon hunt/stampede is as good as effects seen in the recent 'King Kong,' greatly enhancing the film.
about as slow and lumbering as a wounded manuk.
Emmerich has never been one to rely on the wizardry of nuance, but I was stunned to feel numb to nearly everything B.C. offered, as if my mind immediately detected a filmmaker looking to brazenly cash in on his past successes.
In an age where ... audiences reward blood-and-thunder films ... at the box office, greenlighting 10,000 B.C. must have seemed logical. I can imagine someone pitching the film ...by saying "It's like 300 .... plus 9,700!"
Roland Emmerich is partial to cutting-edge special effects and stone-age storytelling, meaning that 10,000 B.C., a dim-witted CG extravaganza set in prehistoric times, is something like his ideal project.
An atrocious waste of a perfectly good CGI budget ... at least the Geico commercials make an effort to get the historical accuracy right
The little-prehistoric-epic-that-could actually delivers an entertaining couple of hours.
In the realm of heroic historical loincloth adventures, 10,000 is much less than 300.
It's best not to think too hard about anything in 10,000 BC, a sublimely dunderheaded excursion into human prehistory.
While the movie is completely ridiculous, at least it's fun to think of all the high school students who are going to mistake this movie for an accurate historical record and get F's on their next pop quiz.
Emmerich knows how to fill the screen with spectacle, but not how to field-marshal it.
Digital imagery imagines a striking prehistoric world for these back-to-basics heroes, villains and raging beasts.
An epic adventure of such towering testosterone counts and ceaseless tedium, you can almost feel the hair growing on your chest as the bags collect beneath your eyes.
Rather than taking the trouble to imagine what early civilization might have been like -- its culture, its language, its warfare, its family life -- the movie simply transposes a banal Hollywood epic into Paleolithic times.
Almost worth sitting through the first half for the revelatory moment when you're forced to ask yourself: Is nearly the entire cast suddenly being attacked by what look like cracked-out ostriches? Why, yes, yes they are.
Worst of all, no one even gets eaten by the disappointingly tame saber-toothed tiger.
A mix of vast CGI spectacle and small, silly moments, the prehistoric saga 10,000 BC is an epic in name only.
Conventional where it should be bold and mild where it should be wild, 10,000 BC reps a missed opportunity to present an imaginative vision of a prehistoric moment.
Sometimes you have a hankering for a slab of 10,000-year-old cheese. Here it is, on a cracker.
May indeed last until the end of time, kept alive in drinking games and in history and geography classrooms on April Fool's Day.
A lovely-to-look-at but ultimately forgettable adventure flick that feels like a cross between Land of the Pharaohs and the greatest hits of Joseph Campbell.
This crackpot combination of Pathfinder and Apocalypto [is] a brainless exercise in prehistoric goofiness that actually affords more laughs than Ice Age.
I can't figure out exactly when the film 10,000 B.C. is set, but it's definitely ancient times. Like before they had cars, guns or tabloid blogs. And definitely before they had cohesive plots or dialogue that made sense.
A tedious bore in which grubby people stand around muttering in a variety of badly chosen accents.
Emmerich's epic is a formulaic mishmash of a movie, visually sweeping but silly blend of actioner, adventure, man vs. nature, man vs. animal -- above all, a reminder of how superior Mel Gibson's Apocalypto was.
The mammoths, the savage, beaked jungle beasts and the giant sabre tooth tiger all make splendid appearances. The spectacular landscapes of desert, mountain, river and jungle also deliver the images we are expecting. It's the humans who let us down.




@highlight

With attention strictly paid to style instead of substance, or historical accuracy, 10,000 B.C. is a visually impressive but narratively flimsy epic.