Familiarity doesn't always yield tedium, but it's hard to muster much enthusiasm for Mean Dreams' sleepy regionalist remix of genre tropes and images.
In one of his last acting roles, the late [Bill] Paxton does an amazing job capturing the essence of a true villain - and it isn't because of the guns or moustache.
The story is driven by character, not coincidence, with the bonus of Paxton giving a powerfully nasty performance as the protective dad from hell.
Paxton, in one of his last performances, is a diabolical blend of fresh-faced wholesomeness and pure evil.
Here comes Nathan Morlando's Mean Dreams to remind us all that things are bad in the heartland of this here good ole U.S. of A.
'Mean Dreams' follows two depressed teens -- and overflows with dismal scenes. But fine acting by everyone wins us over before it's done.
Paxton's last completed movie before his passing, Mean Dreams may signify his own life journey in the title, surviving Hollywood in his own brash and heartfelt way. And in the generation gap road movie to basically nowhere - it would seem to be the point.
"Mean Dreams" begins with an interesting premise, infused with a few chilling scenes, but the showdown at the end of the film featuring Paxton is not as intense as the situation demands.
"Mean Dreams" is a decent diversion, and just knowing it is one of Bill Paxton's last movies is reason enough to see it.
...has a done-before feel but the caliber of acting by the young stars and the menacing performance by Bill Paxton as the ruthless dad make "Mean Dreams" a cut above.
... works best in its quieter, character-driven moments, which are overwhelmed by clichés and contrivances along the way.
Directed with Malick-ian subtlety and texture by sophomore director Nathan Morlando, Mean Dreams is a familiar, but still exciting tale of young love on the run.
An uncomplicated film sustained thanks to its magnificent naturalistic photography and the loyalty to its humble beginnings, without pretentious tricks or devices. [Full review in Spanish]
Mean Dreams is compelling, driven by the fearsome performance of Paxton, whose legacy is only strengthened by one of his final performances.
Not a great film in the same vein as Badlands and Pretty Poison, but a very good one that is well worth seeing.
Tepid teen romance turned implausible thriller is just about saved by a powerful, and unusually disturbing, performance from Bill Paxton (one of his last).
Mean Dreams starts with promise. It doesn't live up to that promise.
One of those sparse projects where you wonder what excited the filmmakers through each stage of the production process, and why the answer to that question isn't more obvious.
Son Lux's percussive and atonal score combined with the kids constantly looking over their shoulders lend their escapes a sense of immediacy and danger.
While the plot often travels familiar paths and even the impressive camerawork is evocative of other films, "Mean Dreams" has a few story tricks up its sleeve.
A thrillingly dark fable draped in beautiful images and a layered, menacing performance from Paxton.
Nathan Morlando's "Mean Dreams" may use a time-honored premise - young lovers on the lam (see: "Badlands") - but it does so with such quiet, gently appealing assurance that it makes the template seem fresh again.
Canadian director Nathan Morlando channels Jeff Nichols and early Malick in both his material and artistic sensibilities, his film a more heroic, humanistic twist on "Badlands."
A beautiful, dangerous picture of rural America with echoes of Terrence Malick.
It's the acting that carries the film, together with the sweetness of the under-written central romance. Viewers who relate to these young people will find themselves gripped.
Watching Paxton play pure evil is to just be reminded of his exceptional range, never stereotyping this corrupt cop and keeping us off balance.
Paxton's terrific, keeping "Mean Dreams" as unsettling as it can be, adding terrific punctuation to a movie that needs his unusual take on menace, giving the hunt and the heartbreak welcome urgency.
Worth recommending entirely on its own merits.
Bill Paxton steals the show in his last completed film.
Mean Dreams may not be particularly original, but with an effectively somber atmosphere and first-rate performances, it's a sufficiently entertaining little thriller.
Not much to this genre thriller, but Bill Paxton delivers fair value and menace, one last time.
The pervasive elegance makes up for a largely derivate plot.
Morlando draws great performances out of his two young leads.
Smart slice of home-grown cinema.
Seemingly an homage of sorts to Terrence Malick's 1973 classic Badlands, Mean Dreams takes viewers on a high-octane and jolting ride, with suspense that's pretty much unrelenting, despite a plot that is spare and quite the stretch in parts.
Spiritual questions and thoughts on the importance of flesh-and-blood relationships are raised, but the strength of the you-can-run-but-you-can't-hide drama is the dewy charisma of the two young co-stars. T
Mean Dreams is a coming-of-age drama that evolves into a crime thriller. There's too much going on here, and the story eventually falls apart under its own weight, but there's still a lot to like about this engaging film.
Part dreamy coming-of-age story, part crime thriller, part homage to Badlands, Mean Dreams manages to build a mood all its own.
It's refreshing to see a Canadian film that embraces a genre with unapologetic passion, and with no ironic asides.
A rather generic thriller...
Aided by his fresh and engaging young actors, Morlando is turning into a master of mood. And credit Steve Cosens with making the fields and forests look spectacular.
And as the stakes are heightened, the filmmakers too often short-change dramatic verisimilitude with movie-ish cliché, implausible plotting and cumbersome dialogue.
Morlando makes a concerted effort to inject dynamism and emotion into the telling of Mean Dreams, but fights a losing battle against the cliched writing and some risible plotting.
The shadow of 'Badlands' falls a little too long over Nathan Morlando's initially promising but fatally derivative teens-on-the-run thriller.

@highlight

Mean Dreams enlivens its familiar premise with rich details, strong performances from a talented cast playing fully realized characters, and sensitive work from director Nathan Morlando.