The Survivalist is well done and well produced, but it's a grim tale.
Who knows how it will end, if it will at all. But we do know this: The Survivalist rolls out a uniquely personal vision and makes for a stellar debut by Irish writer-director Stephen Fingleton.
It's not a fun film, but it is a tensely thrilling one.
This deliberately paced post-apocalyptic thriller rewards patience with a character-based approach that gradually builds suspense.
You'll leave completely rapt.
Fingleton makes a meal out of complex character drama, raking his audience over the coals with piano-wire tension that leaves you jittery long after the credits roll.
eerie and masterful ... as riveting as it is morally confounding.
The Survivalist...is as terrific and as suspenseful a post-apocalyptic thriller as any I'll likely see this year.
Fingleton is largely successful with his tonal and visceral goals, only periodically allowing the ugliness of this story to reach beyond its grasp.
Impressively lean and rigidly controlled, "The Survivalist" achieves, at times, the primitive allure of a silent movie.
Fingleton's spare, striking debut feature takes a minimalist approach to the post-apocalyptic thriller.
Both dire and oddly poetic.
The Survivalist is a spare, foreboding thriller about a near-paranoid thirty-ish isolate scratching a subsistence living in a Northern Ireland forest following the disintegration of organised society.
A post-apocalyptic drama as stripped-down as its title suggests, The Survivalist envisions end times in which each encounter with a new human entails a hard calculus of risk versus advantage.
It is one of the more original post-apocalyptic films to be released as of late and is a curiously thought-provoking one at that, but its bleakness will not appeal to all audiences.
Too slow for the mainstream, perhaps, this presents a disgusted worldview thats painstakingly plausible, however much we may wish differently.
Fingleton proves himself quite the man for doing doomsday on a shoestring and taking his cast to some very dark places.
It's a lean, grim and perfectly assembled thriller, a little gem in fact.
It won't be to everyone's taste, but perky though it is not, it's a great piece of film-making.
A beautifully observed film about ugly human emotions and experiences, and a stunning example of how big a world can be sketched on a tiny budget.
Oppressive, unforgiving and cold to its core, director Stephen Fingleton uses the Irish landscape to evoke his thoughtful and terrifying dystopian vision.
Post-apocalyptic thrillers don't come much leaner or meaner than Northern Irish director Stephen Fingleton's gripping debut feature The Survivalist.
It speaks volumes through its silence and lingers in the memory for a long while after watching.
The Survivalist hatches a rather haunting tale that will linger for days.
This is Stephen Fingleton's first feature: we can't wait to see where he goes from here.
A stripped-down exercise in cinematic exposition that suggests its creator is a major talent in the making.
The Survivalist makes for austere viewing purged of any glimpse of levity, but Fingleton has eked out his limited resources with skill. His progress ought to be worth watching.
Foreboding and dark, this couldn't be further from the multiplex representations of a shiny dystopian future.
First-time director Stephen Fingleton grippingly ramps up the tension as supplies dwindle and loyalties are tested.
The Survivalist is a cracking, tense drama set mostly in a wooden shack in the backwoods of Ireland, in a post-apocalyptic world not far from our own, where oil and other resources have run out.
Fingleton writes and directs with gusto and flair.
Suspense abounds, in this story, yet also an uncanny grace. Think of Mad Max, directed by an art house minimalist.
This is a harsh, unsentimental science fiction film, though the performances suggest small surviving flames of empathy and yearning amid the tough, practical attitudes.
As a calling card movie, it's mightily impressive; dramatically lean, gripping where it needs to be, and a story told with satisfying economy.
A canny study of trust and loyalty.
The Survivalist is a stunning, thought-provoking film that, despite its bleak focus, has a surprisingly uplifting message about the power of human connection.
Aside from a strong performance from Goth and a commendable willingness to show us the gory stuff, The Survivalist is a miserable film that outstays its welcome.
A stark, but brilliant debut.
Lean and mean, The Survivalist a realistically miserableapocalypse - and all the more terrifying for it.

@highlight

The Survivalist 's deliberate pace pays gripping dividends with a tautly told post-apocalyptic drama that offers some uniquely thought-provoking twists.