Bizarre and sophisticated enough for adults and children, A Town Called Panic makes you want to live in an upside-down house occupied by a horse.
The truth is that you have to be in the mood to enjoy this film without falling asleep, getting bored or confused. [Full review in Spanish]
A little goes a very long way, and even at 75 minutes it ends up feeling silly and self-indulgent.
The frenetic scenarios should play fairly well as energizing for kids and ridiculous for adults.
Stop-motion comedy adventure with subtitles, a few curses.
Anyone who has spent anytime around kids will know exactly what Aubier and Patar are trying to achieve.
full review at Movies for the Masses
Charming and highly original but a little of it goes a long way.
Though it probably works best in short bursts on DVD, it might just be wacky and strange enough to appeal to kids who'll simply accept it for what it is.
Chaotic, warped and impervious to logic ? a total treasure just waiting to be discovered.
A very small amount of this would be funny. But here, there's 77 minutes of it. And that's about 76 minutes and 30 seconds too much to stomach in one sitting.
Bounces around with a hyperactive dementia that somehow never flags.
Studded with surreal and unexpectedly tender touches (kamikaze cows, an elegantly lovestruck horse), this is plastic and fantastic.
Like a very lo-fi Toy Story with the vibe of a live-action Terry Gilliam cartoon and the addled craziness of SpongeBob SquarePants; it's funny for adults and children alike in a refreshing, barking mad sort of way.
A heady and utterly unapologetic roller-coaster ride into a hyper-vivid, hyperactive world created from cheap children's toys.
One of the year's originals -- frantic, unpredictable and very, very funny. Remove brain. See loud.
If someone laced Wallace and Gromit's stockpile of West Country cheeses with hallucinogens, they might start to show some of the free-associative abandon of the characters in this trippy debut feature...
The action sometimes overrides the subtitles, but children of all ages could well be mesmerised just trying to keep up with the accident-prone story of Cowboy, Indian and Horse.
a truly postmodern concoction, where, along with the village's properties, narrative norms are deconstructed brick by brick, as free associations and visual gags come thick and fast, offering a surreal jaunt through toy town.
This is just silly fun, a bunch of plastic people that seem at times, shockingly, to have quite a bit of character depth and nuance. Mostly, however, it's gag after gag, and does run out of steam towards the end.
The world of stop-motion animation is full of creative humor but I've never seen anything as whimsically absurd and hilariously ridiculous (this) animated toybox comedy...
Loopy, chaotic and often very funny, though even at a mere 75 minutes it feels a mite overlong.
Directors Stéphane Aubier and Vincent Patar (who also provide voices) display a pleasantly warped sensibility without going for adult humor.
Who doesn't love giant, snowball-launching robot penguin movies?
Aubier and Patar would have us believe that Panic really can be reduced to child's play, which just makes it seem all the more like a place worth visiting.
Make no mistake about it, Panic has some merits. It's unlike anything currently being done in the animation realm. Unfortunately, it lacks the playfulness and endearing qualities of its clay-animated kin...
There's really very little to say about this film beyond that it's absolutely brilliant.
Town looks deliberately crude, so much so that it takes a while to realize just how cleverly it has been animated. Ditto for the humor, which at first smacks of childlike chaos and then segues into subversive sophistication.
Charming low-tech absurdism, free of irony and full of escalating stakes, situations, hilarity, and charm.
I watched A Town Called Panic without the assistance of any controlled substances, and that might be why I hated it.
If you've ever seen anything like A Town Called Panic, you either made it yourself or you dreamed it.
All the silliness unfolds in a complex social structure, where good manners are expected, bad behaviour is punished and birthdays are not to be forgotten.
In a world lousy with computer animation and 3-D whizz-bangery -- j'accuse, James Cameron! -- it's nice to know there's still fun to be had with nothing more than plastic figures and a little imagination.
With animation like this it is no wonder kids develop ADD. The current generation of Python influenced animation talent comes to a screen near you.
The whole thing has a do-it-yourself quality, as if it were made by some hyperactive, attention deficit disorder kid on a sugar high playing in his bedroom.
Off the wall from the outset, A Town Called Panic is a riot of delightful, cockeyed whimsy and a truly wonderful piece of animation.
There's something comforting in the fact that a hilariously primitive low-tech triumph such as A Town Called Panic could turn heads in an increasingly gee-whiz movie world.
Made with an anarchic, anything-goes spirit, this is truly a film, not to mention a town, where you never know what's going to happen next.
Filmmakers Stéphane Aubier and Vincent Patar kept me continually off guard, and from one second to the next I had no idea what to expect.
What is fantastic and funny in a short film became less so in a 75-minute one.
A Town Called Panic feels more like some exotic animated curiosity than a film to return to again and again.
It may put you in mind of silent comedies and freewheeling animators of the past like Chuck Jones.
Pleasing to look at, Panic intentionally resembles an amateur, stop-motion project, but one can't watch it without being amazed at the extraordinary effort involved in putting together a movie like this, a few frames at a time.
Stop-motion at its messiest and nuttiest.
A Town Called Panic is a proudly Calvinist work -- I mean the comic strip character, not the philosopher -- that understands the delights of deep play.
A much-needed antidote to the twin curses of production bloat and imagination starvation.
So this is what deadpan slapstick surrealist Belgian stop-motion animation looks like. I like it!
Absurdity is supposed to carry the day in this fantastical satire of rural life, but the film's material is too mild and its bag of tricks (flurries of motion and noise followed by pauses of stillness and silence) too repetitive.
This little diamond in the rough shows how filmmakers can overcome minuscule budgets and lack of resources with the use of imagination and talent. When the 77-minutes of great good fun were over, I had me a roaring good time.
An exercise in pure gag logic... 75 solid minutes of non-stop absurd imagery and slapstick.
Continental Europeans have embraced the American Western...but never has the genre been processed through such a delightfully warped worldview as it has by the Belgian writing/directing/vocal team of Stéphane Aubier and Vincent Patar
Because the plot is just one doggoned thing after another without the slightest logic, there's no need to watch it all the way through at one sitting. If you watch it a chapter or two at a time, it should hold up nicely.
With all the high-profile animated movies out there now, it would be a loss if A Town Called Panic was stampeded in the shuffle.
A Town Called Panic is an adventure story as fast-paced and exciting as any currently in theaters.
A refreshingly zany, clever, funny and truly bizarre comedy of errors that will delight audiences, young and old.
It's almost consistently amusing, if never quite laugh-out-loud funny.
It's more clever than funny, but it's very clever.
There are more sophisticated animated films out there, but none with the sheer joie de vivre that this Belgian stop-motion-animation entry packs into 75 rollicking minutes.
A Town Called Panic, which has more strident colors and less synopsizable action than a year's worth of comic-book adventures, embodies a sensibility that might be termed "extreme quirk."
If you want more crass parody, and more creative use of action figures, check out Robot Chicken
It's silly, of course, but also wildly inventive and oddly adult.
The film posits an endlessly malleable universe whose objects can be remade nearly as fast as they're destroyed.
A deliriously wild and totally charming ride from start to finish, as Cowboy, Indian and Horse charge all over the world in a whimsical assault of fun.
[A] goofy, hilarious stop-motion fable.
An amazing head trip, a glorious journey right inside a semi-innocent imagination








@highlight

A Town Called Panic is a raucous, endlessly creative animated romp with a quirky, adult sense of humor.