There's something to be said for the big studio comedy that works. Last Vegas more than fulfills its promise.
Confused morals aside, the sexual content and routine humor are only the least of the reasons audiences should skip this film.
Overall, the feel of the movie is relaxed and Turteltaub does a good job of breaking the mould of onscreen senior citizen stereotypes. This Old Boy's Club still knows how to party!
The product placement is jarring, the view of women dispiriting, and there's no doubt that such an illustrious foursome, even in their senior years, should be capable of something a great deal better.
If only what happened in Vegas had stayed in Vegas.
... they can't make a silk purse out of the sow's ear that is this formulaic bachelor party/bucket list buddy comedy.
Last Vegas simply lacks the excitement you'd hope for.
The climactic revelations of the secrets, sacrifices and regrets that it took to maintain lifelong friendships are so poignant, they assuage any nagging suspicion that these four legends might be coasting on their reputations.
It's a cast of relaxed old pros with easy chemistry, all of whom seem to be having a great deal of fun. The feeling is almost mutual.
Michael Douglas, Robert De Niro, Morgan Freeman and Kevin Kline may all be pushing or past 70, but there's a surprisingly jaunty spring to their step in this breezy comedy.
"(It) could have been and probably should have been more accurately titled 'Jokes about Elderly Aches, Pains and Complaints: The Movie.'"
Mercifully, the actors are not degrading themselves here - they only stoop as low as mere slumming.
Five Oscar-winning actors working for a paycheck on a film that lacks a genuinely funny backbone.
It's far from perfect but there's a layer of sentimentality that makes Last Vegas easier to digest.
It's Old Men Gone Mild in this ultra-predictable, decently funny mashing of The Hangover and The Bucket List.
Jon Turteltaub's ''old men behaving badly'' romp does more than merely pander to expectation. Beyond the noise of the strip lies a buddy comedy with heart.
Belly-laugh material it isn't, but Last Vegas fits the prescription for a happily undemanding piece of entertainment.
No surprise to see Robert De Niro here. Write him a big enough cheque and he'll do the school play of your choice.
With stars of this calibre, the movie can't be all bad, and it ain't. It's just hollow
Not one of Fogelman's good scripts. Like The Guilt Trip, that relied on the casting of Seth Rogan & Barbra Streisand, this flimsy premise of four 60 something guys heading to Vegas for a last hurrah is counting on star power with little else to offer
The mild misadventures and late-life epiphanies don't so much suggest a Geritol 'Hangover' as an all-male special episode of 'The Golden Girls.'
Last Vegas is double AND nothing. It wins big with Freeman's cool and Kline's surgeon-like timing and flails miserably with everything associated with relationship between Douglas and DeNiro.
A funny, touching and surprisingly fleet-footed comedy about a quartet of 60-plus male friends who are determined to grow old (dis)gracefully.
It's one thing for Morgan Freeman to coach an ignorant young buck on respect for the ladies, another for the same flick to ogle them, patronise them and position them as plot balm to reconcile two male characters.
De Niro, Douglas, Freeman and Kline set about Last Vegas with the panache of a lifetime's experience.
[Michael] Douglas's ability to laugh at himself by proposing at a funeral is priceless ( ... ) the film succeeds mostly through the warmth of its camaraderie overpowering the adult tone of its humour.
The one ray of sunshine: surely anything with the word "Last" in the title is incapable of spawning a sequel?
Far from being liberating, the film ends up swinging two fingers towards the retirement home.
You may be able to tap out every beat of the story before it's been played, but you'll go along with it because of so much star charisma and a heady party atmosphere.
I will concede that there were 3 scenes which pulled something between a chortle and a guffaw from me, but by that time they came along, my face had already set into such a stony grimace that smiling genuinely hurt.
The picture lacks big laughs and a compelling story and doesn't have much to stay about getting older.
As on-screen noses are wrinkled at the one bikini-clad partygoer approaching the leads' advanced years, one starts to feel the toes curl, or possibly empathetic rigor mortis setting in.
The Hangover with a hangover.
An almost ridiculously strong cast and a witty script by the writer of Crazy Stupid Love make this silly film a lot more entertaining than it should be.
A lost weekend that's unlikely to linger long in the memory.
Watchable comedy enlivened by likeable performances from all four leads, but it's neither as emotionally engaging nor as laugh-out-loud funny as it thinks it is, and the script is entirely predictable.
Given the colourful screen histories this cast invoke, their joint outing feels laden with pure, Viagra-defying anticlimax.
t's an unsurprising but well-paced, genuinely funny and often moving comedy.
What sounds like a hangover of The Hangover is actually pretty money.
Those keen to see four princes of 80s cinema going through the motions will find their Last Vegas gamble pays off in minor ways.
While it's as tacky and obvious as Sin City itself, this comedy is watchable thanks to a lively pace and spirited turns from Kline and Steenburgen. An unabashed old-timers' fantasy.
Despite its raunchy setting, this is easy-going, forgettable stuff that washes over you like an episode of Last Of The Summer Wine.
All the glitzing-up and trading-off of Vegas's allure blinds and bleaches out what isn't nearly as bad as it could've been. Has a relaxed, let's-have-some-laughs feel but tries too hard to be so cool and sappy-ever-after for all those 'zoomers' out there.
It's a celebration of something the movies never celebrate anymore: being old.
Life is too short to watch a movie like this one, much less make it.
Thanks to director Jon Turtletaub, 'Last Vegas' moves along briskly and to writer Don Fogelman for an amusing screenplay that challenges those dreadful 'senior citizen' stereotypes.
No one particularly needs to try hard here, but it's little surprise [Mary] Steenburgen's actual work steals the show.
Bland, completely accessible and unworthy of its talented troupe, 'Last Vegas' is just about what you'd expect. If all you need for entertainment is this stellar cast in a mundane script, you'll have a great time.
The film, directed by Jon Turteltaub, has an easy but mediocre charm.
...a meaningless vanity project that squanders the abilities of its very talented stars.
Each character is perfectly cast. These actors are masters at the tops of their game, with over 200 years of experience between them.
It would be a mistake to underestimate what a cast with five Oscar winners is able to bring to a script that has a lot more heart than expected.
A geriatric riff on The Hangover. Minus, you know, the tiger, the roofies and the laughs.
In Last Vegas, Las Vegas casts a glimmer, but the one who shines is Steenburgen.
It has all the depth of a 105-minute Jay Leno routine on growing old.
Movie about "old" friends has heart and hilarity.
As the cast runs a gauntlet of geriatric jokes, most of the chuckles feel churned from cheap sitcom stock.
What else are you going to do, nap? Well, this is just like that, only with pictures.
Even the jokes have bunions.
Last Vegas is a good-natured bimbo of a movie, it'll do just about anything to please you, though luckily that includes delivering the 20 big laughs you feel you're owed (unlike The Hangovers), and gently jerking a tear or two.
Disarmingly slick 'n' spicy, aimed specifically at the 76 million baby boomers, who have tremendous spending power and are becoming increasingly important to Hollywood.
What a refreshing surprise to find that while formulaic, certainly, "Last Vegas" writer Dan Fogelman and director Jon Turteltaub have based their comedy on character rather than hoary cliches.
... Has a relaxed vibe, which suits it well, for most of its pleasures emanate from simply hanging out with a quartet of screen legends.
Don't expect to see a geriatric version of The Hangover -- the film is better than that.
The greatest pleasure of this film is in watching the evident pleasure five Oscar-winning pros take in each other.
... makes no secret of its intentions as a crowd-pleaser for an older demographic in which originality is secondary to allowing its stars to share plenty of time in the spotlight.
The jokes are as creaky as arthritic joints, and, as likable as these old pros are, the experience is dispiriting. This is a film that older folks will feel compelled to see and younger people will find impossible to like.
If anybody is going to put the 'sex' in sexagenarian, it's these guys, who are as golden as their five Oscars.
Unfunny, overly hoary, and easily foreseeable, Last Vegas is like being stuck on that road trip with your grandparents that lasts way too long and features them having discussions about what brand of denture cream they bought last.
Director Jon Turteltaub and screenwriter Dan Fogelman have upped their game here, with four gifted actors at their command
Old timers' The Hangover with plenty of heart.
The reverence for age and the patina of decay make even its tackiest, poorly conceived signs seem like art. Metaphor?
The cast of Last Vegas makes the film more than just a Hangover retread with older actors - but not a whole lot more.
The actors perform with multiple safety nets and the closest the film ever comes to taking a risk is having Freeman dance to a cover of Earth Wind & Fire's "September."
Even the committed efforts of these veteran actors can't completely distract from the movie's reliance on hoary clichés and predictable jokes.
"This is the like "The Hangover Part 43."
What's supposed to be a silly, sweet comedy about lifelong friends reuniting for one last fun time turns out to be a stupid, vaguely insulting look at the AARP years.
It's bad enough when Hollywood casts women over the age of 30 as grandmothers-in-waiting. Now we have to endure an onslaught of famous veteran actors complaining about their hips.
Last Vegas is mindless fluff lent some extra weight by these acting powerhouses.
Not even the best of actors can give life to a script that has as much imagination as a rock.
Better than you'd think. But I didn't have to pay to see it.
"Last Vegas" is pure clean entertainment that will offer a fun night out.
A preholiday trifle that's mildly risqué and a lot sentimental.
If you saw "The Hangover" and thought, "I would enjoy this film more if nothing of consequence happened, and it were clean enough to screen at a retirement home," then "Last Vegas" is custom made for your needs.
De Niro and Douglas weirdly play versions of their real selves, while Freeman and Kline ham it up as if they're auditioning for a reality show called Gramps Gone Wild.
You know when people say an actor is so good they would pay to see him read out of a phone book? 'Last Vegas' is basically giving you that opportunity.
It's not a terrible film by any stretch, but it's just not very good either.
None of it is offensive, some of it's funny, and you'll gently, quietly, discreetly start checking your watch over and over again.
Last Vegas may be the cinematic equivalent of comfort food, but so what? Your parents (or grandparents) are entitled to some fun too.
It's OK to go to this still-likable film and get your money's worth just watching these actors interact and play off each other. (Full Content Review for Parents also available)
Call it Hangover Lite -- no calories, but it does induce a splitting headache.
Last Vegas is basically The Bucket List meets The Hangover, and if that sounds like it would make for a schizophrenic combination then you're absolutely right.
Just call this movie The Hangover: AARP Strikes Back.
When it was first announced, wags made the inevitable "It's 'The Hangover' - with walkers!" jokes. If only.
Completely giggle worthy, with some guffaws tossed in.
Thanks in no small part to Kline and Steenburgen, "Last Vegas'' has its moments. When they're not on-screen, beware of half-baked ham and hypoglycemic shock.
Where action movies are equated with popcorn, Last Vegas is comfort food. It's not terribly good for you, but it sure tastes good.
A mild geezer comedy full of jokes that might have sounded tired at a "Dean Martin Celebrity Roast," the movie has no reason for existence and nothing much to recommend it.
The comedy remains a presence throughout, but "Last Vegas" has a serious purpose, and the resolution of the men's journey of realization is anything but corny.
One gets the distinct impression that we're looking into the future at Grown Ups 5, albeit with actors who have too much dignity to fart, sneeze and belch at the same time.
has a numbing quality to it, going through the necessary motions to just get to the end and not caring to have any fun along the way.
Musters enough laughs to be passable, if not memorable. And that's thanks to Morgan Freeman's showmanship.
It's the actors, plus an exuberant Mary Steenburgen as quick-witted lounge singer Diana, who make the movie more than a middling copycat.
Alternately trashy and teary, marginally funny, occasionally cringe-inducing.
A misfire from start to finish, a waste of a prodigious amount of talent.
A joyless buddy movie from genial hack Jon Turtletaub.
It's better than it looks.
"Last Vegas" is an early-bird special of a movie. Ninety minutes in and out. Who needs an all-you-can-eat buffet when what you really want is a little song, a little dance, a little seltzer down the pants?
Thoroughly predictable, no more than mildly amusing, and utterly maudlin when it veers into sentimental mode.
Injecting a dose of dumbed-down nostalgia into a certain smash comedy about four dudes on the loose in Sin City, this arthritic exercise should be called "The Combover."
Hard to believe that four actors as storied and honored as these never shared a screen before now. Imagine the movie (they) could've made together in younger, hungrier times. Now hold that thought because Last Vegas isn't that movie.
Luminous, funny, self-deprecating and appealingly self-confident, Steenburgen patently purloins the movie from her co-stars.
You'll groan as much as howl at the jokes, but the veteran stars have a ball acting their age. Even when all else fails them, they're good company.
Yes, it's uneven, more jokes miss than hit, and it winds up taking easy dramatic shortcuts from the more interesting avenues that the script presents, but it's thanks to the lead quartet that the comedy is as engaging at it is.
As far as sitcom-cinema goes (and the movie does truly look terrible), you could probably do worse than this -- probably because most sitcom-cinema casts don't allow Robert De Niro, Michael Douglas, Morgan Freeman and Kevin Kline to share the screen.
A giant geriatric diaper.
A genial "Hangover" for the AARP set, "Last Vegas" is roughly what you'd expect, or fear, but a little better.
It's the geriatric equivalent of a ramshackle teen sex comedy, only intermittently elevated by the caliber of the talent involved.
The characters are totally passive -- money, drinks, women, and unexpected acclaim shower down on these elder-bros like Werther's Originals from God's own cardigan pocket, completely unearned by the characters or the screenplay.
The helmer has quite an advantage with his stellar cast, unleashing four pros on threadbare script, using their natural gifts to make the viewing experience as pleasant as possible.
Reality-bending silliness-or even a good gross-out joke or two-would be preferable to the stale, corny jokes this movie tries to pass off as comedy.
Star power alone should have made this movie work in spite of its color-by-the-numbers setup, and yet it didn't.
With the current crop of heavy films in theaters, "Last Vegas" is a crowd-pleasing, light-hearted alternative.
Here's a movie that needs no review. Last Vegas doesn't live up to its tagline -- "It's going to be legendary" -- but it delivers the shtick promised in the film's ubiquitous trailers.
The Hangover rewritten to resemble The Bucket List.
The Vegas clichés compete with the old-age clichés for the title of most obvious.
For a movie that packs few surprises, the happiest is that it is such sweet entertainment.
We'll never know what it would it have been like to have seen the De Niro of the Raging Bull era opposite Douglas in his Wall Street years but we'll always remember that sequence in Last Vegas when a guy in a thong shakes his junk in De Niro's face.
I steeled myself for the moment when these four would fall into what-happens-in-Vegas ''high jinks,'' but fortunately, they don't.
No one onscreen seems to be having an especially good time, a feeling likely to be shared by the audience.
Five Oscar winning stars make the sentimental laughs in this one work.
The writing aims for the humdrum - old-age jokes and the usual Vegas shenanigans involving drinking, gambling and girls with silicone.
'Last Vegas' isn't going to challenge anyone, but it delivers a low-key, enjoyable experience that is driven largely by the movie star charisma on display.
As predictable and uncomfortable as it can be, it's an assured crowd-pleaser.
A funny, sweet and poignant crowd-pleaser that doesn't insult its audience's intelligence.
Last Vegas is all glitz and glamor, forgetting there's more to a production than flashy lights and headlining names.
Practical jokes and verbal gags are old-hat but still amusing in this fast-paced sitcom.
Like Vegas itself, the story goes down easy, but its appeal is hard to remember once you leave it behind.
The film is depressing, sub-sitcom fodder that will dull whatever affection you may still harbor for these legendary actors.
As creaky as an arthritic hip.
A royal flush of actors delivers a winning hand for this likable seriocomedy.
A thoroughly contrived and artificial bonbon that gives four screen legends of a certain age the opportunity to chase skirts and punch out guys a third of their age.

@highlight

The cast of Last Vegas keep things amiably watchable, but the film is mostly a mellower Hangover retread for the older set.