The rest of the film is the kind that'll either put you to sleep or have you cringing over the fact that Murphy, one of the biggest names in comedy, has been reduced to doing this.
A disastrous comedy at times, with a few unexpected touching moments sprinkled throughout, A Thousand Words fails to come together like it should, and becomes a forgettable mess.
A thousand words? Try two words: stay away. Murphy does a pretty good job keeping up with the various indignities heaped on him but the movie as a whole ends up sinking.
a poorly conceived and startlingly miscast comedy that works to every one of its stars' weaknesses.
You've got one of the funniest verbal actors in the business in Eddie Murphy, and you put him in a movie where he can't talk. It's already a recipe for disaster.
'A Thousand Words' is not unspeakably awful.
The sort of awful formulaic crud that 30 Rock brilliantly mocked just before Leap Day.
Hopelessly underwhelming from start to finish...
Murphy, without the words to go along with his bug-eyed double-takes and the mugging, is lost here... He's never been a silent comic, and never will be.
... equal parts labored allegory without resonance and forced comedy without laughs ...
Like a bad penny, Eddie Murphy is back again, in a family-friendly PG-13 comedy that nobody wants to see.
There is something almost poignant in the way Eddie Murphy so palpably desires to make a meaningful film about enlightenment. The almost comes from the difference between that aspiration and the painfully ill-conceived follow-through
The idea of Murphy, that famously motormouthed actor, suddenly tongue-tied is not a punchy enough punch line to carry a whole film.
This lame, wannabe comedy is an unmitigated disaster.
Maybe Murphy should give future scripts a less cursory perusal.
A Thousand Words ends up incomplete and disingenuous, and worse, not a frame of it is funny.
Not the worst Eddie Murphy movie but certainly not his best either
It isn't a horrible movie, at least not in comparison to Norbit from the same star and director, but it is a dispiritingly dull and cynical one.
Sometimes it's hard to tell quite where the incisions start and stop throughout this already uneven creation.
While not descending to the level of Murphy's worst work--'Pluto Nash' still stands unchallenged--it's a bland, negligible example of the 'becoming a better person through magic' scenario.
Makes The Adventures of Pluto Nash look like Beverly Hills Cop!
It suffers from being too broad.
This high-concept Eddie Murphy vehicle is weak even by the low standards of the star's recent output.
Disappointing comedy about self-reflection has sexy stuff.
The last time an Eddie Murphy film was shelved for several years before release, the world got The Adventures of Pluto Nash. Don't expect anything more from this one.
The high concept breeds lowbrow gags.
There is a surprising sweetness and sincerity that manifests during the third act, enough to acquit the film of charges of cynicism. Its crimes against comedy, however, are not so easily forgiven.
Does Eddie Murphy actually have any range, or is it just an illusion created by a few early edgy roles and, later, a lot of CGI makeup and fat suits?
Eddie Murphy should have just said the word "No" to this tired, formulaic comedy.
It makes you want to see Murphy team up with Judd Apatow, or even take on a dead-serious dramatic role - do anything but star in another movie like this one.
Remember Eddie Murphy? He used to be hilarious.
Follows directly in the footsteps of Bruce Almighty, Click, Liar Liar, Groundhog Day and any other post-Freaky Friday high-concept redemption story that inevitably crossed Tim Allen and Adam Sandler's desks at some point.
another sour note in the continuing symphony which is Eddie's contemporary career irrelevance
Only the most masochistic connoisseurs of the truly awful need check it out.
A far cry from the Oscar winning silent film The Artist, Murphy's A Thousand Words is sadly still one too many for an audience to take in.If you waited long enough for the film to come out, then you can wait a bit longer for it to appear on TV for free.
What you don't have is a funny movie.
Not the least bit funny or touching, and it all goes down about as smoothly as cyanide laced with rusted nails.
The idea of taking one of Hollywood's best-known motor-mouths and reducing him to mugging and charades is definitely novel - and utterly misguided.
[A] mirthless excuse to watch Murphy play charades for 90 minutes.
Even 2003 Robin Williams would have thunked this script in the fireplace by page 50.
Even when "A Thousand Words" is counseling us to just be quiet and in the moment, it can't just be quiet and in the moment.
The most incredible thing about the tree is that it also seems to have the power to turn everyone around Jack into complete idiots.
In the simplicity of its premise it embodies the notion of high-concept entertainment. In its execution it demonstrates how technical efficiency can drain the life from a story.
Even Murphy's largely wordless, physically adroit performance can't redeem this tortured exercise in high-concept spiritualist hokum.
The concept is unoriginal, the scenarios aren't funny, and its message is banal. Plus, Murphy alternately hams it up and phones it in.
A Thousand Words is not worth any more dismissive words. It needs to make like a tree and leave.
A Thousand Words marks yet another lazy, "family-friendly" comedy in which Murphy phones it in -- remember when this guy was dangerously funny? -- and wastes the talents of a supporting cast that also includes Allison Janney and Jack McBrayer.
Shallow performances, script and direction mute the laughs and the insights in a movie that ultimately doesn't have much to say.
With "A Thousand Words," Murphy plunges headlong back into the swamp of insipid comedies he'd just crawled his way out of.
A Thousand Words? I can review this ridiculously bad Eddie Murphy comedy in 500 words.
In "A Thousand Words" the camera stays about two inches from Murphy's hyperactive face, and you start to see the strain and desperation in the actor's eyes.
Hasn't aged well. Or do I need to say that louder, so you can hear me over your laughter at cracks about the Atkins Diet, Britney and Chili's baby-back ribs?
Every emotion is loudly broadcast, every development repeatedly telegraphed. Kids who can't keep up with the demanding complexities of Sesame Street will be able to follow this one.
If only this Eddie Murphy flick had taken its own advice and spent a little more time being reflective instead of hyperactive, it might have overcome a trite script and awful, obvious excuses for comedy.
The poster art for "A Thousand Words" shows Eddie Murphy with duct tape over his mouth, which as a promotional idea ranks right up there with Fred Astaire in leg irons.
The high point of the movie, for me, was when I got up from my seat and walked over to a guy who was texting in the theater and asked him to shut his phone off.

@highlight

Dated jokes ( A Thousand Words was shot in 2008) and removing Eddie Murphy's voice -- his greatest comedic asset -- dooms this painful mess from the start.