The movie is a shining star in the indie universe much like "Frozen River." It hits the nail on the head in dealing with real feelings and honest emotions.
Who knew Michelle Monaghan could pull-off one of the most fearless and edgy female roles of the year? And do it so convincingly.
Good characters and a strong start run out of gas by the end
Unremarkable at best, remarkably bad at worst.
The overall story serves as a metaphor for American life, where too many people spend a lot of time keeping busy without ever really enjoying the moment and without ever being truly alive.
Monaghan demonstrates an untapped level of talent and skill in Trucker, tackling the difficult role of a woman who refuses to behave as societal norms dictate and has paid the price with loneliness and alienation.
Trucker is a knockout.
The whole thing plays with wobbly craft that, finally, creates a deep patina of suspicion and dullness.
The only thing to take away from this bumpy ride is the smooth performance by Monaghan.
Monaghan's good, despite being too pretty, and the film, with a melodramatic storyline that seems perfect for a Hallmark TV movie, is good, too.
Features spectacular performances but these excellent actors are required to do too much heavy lifting with a script that plays out too predictably to be effective.
You know exactly what is going to happen and you don't really care.
Most of Trucker comes off like a sincere but totally artificial slice of life.
There are so many wonderfully unconventional things to like about this tiny independent film, Monaghan's earthy and uncompromising performance chief among them, its depth surprising you at every turn.
Monaghan, so good in Gone Baby Gone, mopes self-consciously through the role of Diane, a loner who finds her heart when she's thrown together with her estranged 11-year-old son (Jimmy Bennett), whom she takes on the road. Yes, it's one of those movies.
You want to like Trucker. You really do. But writer-director James Mottern makes it awfully hard with his washed-out, predictable aesthetic.
A nostalgic rehashing of the days when movies didn't need to telegraph every last detail.
With the sad state of the indie business Trucker may make a fast exit to Netflix, but thanks to Michelle Monaghan it's a trip worth taking wherever you may find it.
Monaghan gets how people with honky-tonk souls move in mysterious ways.
Michelle Monaghan delivers the goods.
The vehicle (if you will pardon the pun) doesn't quite know what to do with her character. And so the movie, the first feature written and directed by James Mottern, turns into a conventional mother-child reunion drama.
Monaghan conveys the character's boxed-in emotional conflicts through a flickering wariness and constricted body language. Diane seems hopeless, but the actress keeps us holding onto hope for her anyway.
Monaghan does a reasonably good job with a formulaic script that calls for her to become prettier and more feminine as she learns to be a mama bear to her smart-mouthed but ultimately adorable kid.
Even if the film dutifully hits all the old notes, its characters are interesting, its California desert setting is novel, and its cast works hard. And not only is its star trying something new -- she's getting it wonderfully right.
when Monaghan's 10-year-old son (Jimmy Bennett) shows up, the air blows out of the movie faster than a blown tire on an 18-wheeler
I concede the story arc is fairly predictable, assuming neither one murders the other. But Mottern and his actors take no hostages.
Were it not for Michelle Monaghan's convincingly dirt-under-the-fingernails performance in the title role, there would be absolutely nothing about the film to distinguish it from dozens of other movies.
In his tough-minded commitment to both his characters and to their lower-middle-class milieu, the filmmaker recasts his potentially disastrous material into something that feels emotionally honest, if not exactly revelatory.
As the camera perches high on a hill at dawn, Diane's truck sneaking out of town, you sense the Demme-esque working-class comedy that might have been.
Thanks to sensitive direction and a natural, exemplary script, both of which by the talented and never syrupy James Mottern, Trucker holds its emotions firmly in check throughout.
There may as well be a road sign announcing Diane's transformation from reckless loner to diligent mother, but it's a smooth ride thanks to Monaghan, and an impressive ensemble.
Michelle Monaghan gives a wonderfully rounded performance, reminiscent in its depth and heart of the one Melissa Leo gave in Frozen River.
Maintains the gritty realistic details of Diane's job and small town life.
Even with some fine acting, this film can be a long tiring ride.
What's missing from the payload is surprise.
Half road trip and half learning how to make a home, Trucker gives Michelle Monaghan a chance to show what she can do and the result is encouraging, although twelve year old Jimmy Bennett nearly steals the show.


@highlight

Excellent performances by Michelle Monaghan and Nathan Fillion and keenly-observed details of small town life elevate this otherwise predictable and inconsistent melodrama.