"Jean-Pierre Melville cherishes paradox and free thinking," and both elements are on beautiful display in his masterpiece.
one of those blessed pictures in which all elements, from its writing through to its editing, coalesce into a work of profound philosophical and emotional unity
As bleak as it is compelling, it will leave you wondering if these freedom fighters haven't done more damage to each other than they have to the Nazi aggressors.
As close to a masterpiece as any film you're likely to see this year.
a stunning, globetrotting spy masterpiece
A film to be seen and savored for its moral magnitude.
Rich in the elegance, assurance and quasi-formality that often define Melville's style.
The fascination comes in minute observation of the Resistance soldiers' mannerisms, demeanor and interaction.
It's hard to believe that Melville's 1969 masterpiece--one of the most accurate chronicles of the French Resistance--never got released in the US until 2006; Splendidly acted, this film draws on the helmer's own experience.
Although it has several suspenseful sequences, "Shadows" is not a spy thriller, precisely. It's much more along the lines of a melancholy mood piece...
The glacial pacing can be an irritant as the film unfolds -- I repeatedly wanted to speed things up -- but Army of Shadows won't leave you alone after you've seen it.
A superb contribution from an A-class film-maker.
One of the masterpieces of its era and its genre.
From the first sight of German soldiers goose-stepping past the Arc de Triomphe to a postscript that spells out the fate of characters whose moral confusion is all too real, Army of Shadows is a movie of its time -- and ours.
ARMY OF SHADOWS is a remarkable and superb film, and American audiences should be rejoicing that is finally (if belatedly) has reached theaters.
A fascinating picture of bureaucratic drudgery, even in the middle of war and occupation.
Unlike the romantic images of freedom fighters perpetuated by the popular media, Melville's movie is stripped of self-congratulatory hero worship and other puffery.
There is nothing more to say, except 'Go.'
Rare is the film that actually improves with time. Among that handful is the 1969 French thriller Army of Shadows.
Melville stages riveting set pieces, tense little nuggets of men striking in the dark and dealing out death.
It's a haunting and sublime work that offers a realistic but horrific account of the underground Resistance.
For anyone interested in the impact of war on ordinary men, Army of Shadows proves a sobering and invaluable experience.
This memorable movie movingly pays tribute to those who chose not to remain silent, to those ordinary men and women who chose to do extraordinary things... from the shadows.
Place it squarely in the category of overlooked gems.
Its lack of sentimentality and melodrama is what elevates this thriller to another level.
Characterizations as thin as those in Army of Shadows would detract from most movies, but here, they give the movie strength. Melville's point is that the people themselves are not as important as their cause.
... more than lives up to its reputation.
... a riveting account of life among the French Resistance during World War II's Nazi occupation.
Watching it evokes a combination of pity for [the protagonists'] naive idealism and awe at Melville's uncanny brilliance.
Another masterpiece on Melville's resume.
The result is in many ways the height of Melville's splicings of daredevil, adventure-story heroics and exceedingly grim twists of fate.
Its moral is just as relevant today as it ever was during the resistance years -- that the only thing necessary for evil to triumph is for good men to do nothing.
It doesn't require a lot of dialog and action to create a mood; instead it fills the screen with tension and the constant threat of danger.
A painstaking study in courage and conviction under agonizing pressure.
Austere yet probing portrait of the French resistance...beautifully made and thoroughly engrossing.
Taut, superb acting, narrative told by mood rather than action, the understated visuals, the elements of 'Army of Shadows' merge to seep in under the skin and create an unforgettable and disturbing experience.
Escapism in Melville's cinema inevitably gives way to existentialism; pure entertainment becomes unattainable.
There is little safety in Army of Shadows, and its dangers add up humanly, not melodramatically (to call it a 'war film' seems trite).
Melville outlines the valorous and dirty deeds of heroes in taut action sequences that reach unusually existential heights. [Blu-ray]
In [Melville's] stark and unvarnished film, the violence is routine and ugly, the moral choices painful and uncertain, the relationships deep yet fragile, the victories costly and ephemeral.
Deals with the French resistance during World War II, but it's nothing like any other French resistance film ever made.
Hopefully, this re-release will spawn new interest and permit the real film buff the chance to see what has been hidden from us for over 35 years.
If anything, the vision is more fatalistic than any of Melville's crime classics.
Like all Melville's films, it's as cold as cold can be and completely free of exhilarating heroics.
The results bear witness to a time when sacrifice was bleached of everything but itself.
Melville's impressionistic look at the Resistance is without a doubt the best war film I never knew existed.
Masterfully restrained yet frequently nerve-wracking, with sequences on par with Hitchcock at his most tension-filled, this film is one of Melville's best.
What's so devastating about Army of Shadows is how physically we respond to the terrible decisions faced by the resistance fighters.
Rarely has a film shown so truly that place in the heart where hope lives with fatalism.
It becomes overwhelming as we watch -- a classic of life in the underground, of terror, love, friendship, betrayal, and of death hovering over all.
A morally ambiguous look at the necessity, the perversity and, sometimes, the generosity of death during wartime.
It is arguably the tensest, hardest-edged movie of Melville's career ... and that's saying something.
... the most meaningful atmosphere of exquisite suspense you're likely to see at the movies this year. Or most years.
Masterfully made, with no detail unattended.
Movies don't get any better than this.
It's a strange enough film, yet weirdly great. No movie has quite gotten the clammy weight of fear, the sense of hopelessness that would necessarily haunt underground workers.
[Those] with a weakness for dry heroism, dark-toned humor, and storytelling of pantherish pace and grace -- in short, lovers of cinema -- should reach for their fedoras, turn up the collars of their coats, and sneak to this picture through a mist of rain.
The cast of characters is small and well-drawn by an ensemble of veteran actors.
... taut tale of intrigue and daring ...
Almost 40 years after it was made, Army of Shadows has more to tell us about the internal toll of war and taking a stand than anything Hollywood has produced.
... a riveting historical film noir.
[A] rare work of art that thrills the senses and the mind.
Melville milks the tension for all its worth.
Emerges from the mists of time in a new 35mm restoration as a career-capping epic tragedy.
Another Melville masterpiece
Not a bad effort -- but filled with credibility gaps and much in need of tightening.
Disarmingly restrained and terrifyingly tense.
A work of moving ideological commitment as well as beautifully detailed orchestration.
Melville handles with consummate cinematic mastery the suspenseful set-pieces.
Jean-Pierre Melville's Army of Shadows finally emerges from anonymity this April to assume its rightful canonical place alongside the French master's peerless Parisian noirs.
The action is tense. Dark shadows and long moody silences predominate. The dialogue is clipped and sparse: Melville's heroes are men and women of few words and big deeds.
The film is long and episodic, strangely divided between art-house enigmas and melodramatic payoffs for the matinee crowd.
[Features] very strong performances.

@highlight

Originally made in 1969, this recently reissued classic is a masterful examination of the inner workings of the World War II resistance efforts.