Working with the family of the musician, there are a lot of revealing home movie and archival footage and the words of Coltrane - from interviews or writings - are spoken with cool authority by Denzel Washington.
... does an adequate job telling Coltrane's life story, successfully using animation to embellish its narrative, it ultimately can't live up to its subject's stature as an artist, nor fully convey the magnitude of his musical contributions ...
Fans of the musician will find plenty to tune into here, and the uninitiated will likely go away wanting to scoop up as much of Coltrane's music as they can get their hands on.
Passionate docu about iconic jazz musician; drugs, alcohol.
... Chasing Trane functions as a solid primer for newcomers, while its stunning performance clips, winsome home movies and teeming cavalcade of interviewee.... will keep aficionados perfectly engaged.
Some lovely animation, superb integration of archival photographs and film footage, plus impeccable editing by Peter S. Lynch II keep Chasing Trane informative and engaging.
As a lover of jazz history or great Americans, it is your duty to not miss this documentary.
Scheinfeld's Chasing Trane stands as a worthy addition to the liturgy of jazz on film, as well as a movie that charts racial issues inextricably imbedded in Coltrane's story.
It's interesting stuff, but all the talk gets in the way of the music, weighing down this formulaic documentary with a pedagogical approach.
It really aims to examine the source of his music's great power - what Coltrane called A Love Supreme was, Scheinfeld argues here, a love of life, which he endeavored to reflect in his music.
Scheinfeld's film may not reinvent the documentary genre the way its subject attacked the genre of jazz, and at times it seems to gloss over problematic areas, but his uplifting subject makes his film more than worth a look.
The 100-minute film is aimed at people who already understand John Coltrane's importance -- and therefore will be sorry it doesn't go deeper -- without providing much context for beginners.
Chasing Trane gets off to a passable, if unimaginative, start telling John Coltrane's story, but it fails to finish the job with any kind of grace or equanimity.
Like Coltrane's music, the sheer brilliance of his musicianship cuts through the clutter.
Multiple passages stitched from a succession of still photographs with readings of Coltrane's words in Denzel Washington's recognizable voice make for deadly viewing.
Glorious portrait of American musical genius.
This is pretty close to the Coltrane doc of our dreams.
This documentary about John Coltrane provides a fine overview of his career for the uninitiated and plenty of lesser-known information for fans.
He was, and is, loved, supremely, by millions. "Chasing Trane" shares the love.
So much of what they have to say sounds banal or extraneous compared to the music heard on the soundtrack.
Prepare to be dazzled.
Chasing Trane wraps you in a hypnotic, jazz-influenced embrace you won't want to escape.
This has been a rich year for jazz-related documentaries. That happy trend continues with Chasing Trane.
In the end, it's the music, and not the testimonials, that makes the movie.
Search "John Coltrane live" on YouTube and enjoy the results while perusing the jazz great's Wikipedia page. You'll come away only marginally less informed about the man and his music than if you'd paid $8.50 for a ticket to this.
Washington is a wonderful voice, but his readings of Coltrane's words don't match seeing the artist in motion. The constant stream of still photos, with a recognizable actor's voice, has a distancing effect.
John Coltrane, who died at age 40 in 1967, gets the comprehensive documentary treatment in John Scheinfeld's terrific Chasing Trane: The John Coltrane Documentary.
"Chasing Trane: The John Coltrane Documentary" ought to appeal to longtime fans as well as neophytes.
[The film] offers ripples in Coltrane's legacy, including his heroin addiction, less-than-perfect marriages, and spiritual awakening. But it still feels empty, uncritical, and completely disassociated with today's times.
There are powerfully intimate moments of the film that make it a completely worthwhile experience.
Scheinfeld's approach is to give the viewer the forest, point out a few trees and get out, confident that those trees will inspire the viewer to spend more time in the forest.
As a biographical movie, "Chasing Trane" sticks to a conventional, dully informative format. Its ideal venue is a Coltrane tribute event or a classroom.
Informative and, at times, touching.
"Chasing Trane" is a seductive piece of middle-of-the-road documentary filmmaking; it gives you the basics, but beautifully.
A blur, a Microsoft Encarta entry run blandly amok.
It misses the mark as a major theatrical jazz documentary like I Called Him Morgan. But within its own specific genre, this film is illuminating.
A dully conventional film about a brilliantly unconventional musician.
Scheinfeld's film does the hardest thing for a bio-doc to do: it gets what's great about the artist, and moves you in the same ways their art does.
Director John Scheinfeld's doc is a comprehensive, engrossing and, it's tempting to say, worshipful account of the life of the music titan.
Chasing Trane: The John Coltrane Documentary unfolds the life of the galactic saxophonist whose soulful approach to music incessantly spread light, peace, and love into the world.

@highlight

Chasing Trane: The John Coltrane Documentary can't hope to truly capture its subject's freewheeling creative spirit, but it's still an engaging overview for fans as well as the uninitiated.