John Slattery ... makes his directorial debut with this film and does a good job of it, but there's a problem with the script which is neither here nor there in terms of its commitment to drama or comedy.
So long as Slattery trains his lens on the bars and back rooms of this salty-dog slum, this film is great fun, if an acquired taste.
It's place full of colorful characters but lacking in a particularly interesting tale to tell, or a particularly interesting way to tell it.
Slattery shows real promise as a director, guiding his actors with ease and effectively evoking a very specific time and place.
God's Pocket reveals Slattery as a capable director who can provide a generous playground for his actors, but his expressive ways need tempering. [Full Review in Spanish]
Its crazed whirlwind of tones suddenly made perfect sense once the location is established. If you're from Philly, you'll get it.
The colour balance, locations, set designs and dialogue have an authenticity we rarely see in bigger budget movies and the characters are, well, characters.
God's Pocket is strange one, but a strange one that I can't stop thinking about.
A tonally scattershot indie film. The biggest misstep of the movie is the trite narration from Richard Jenkins, who espouses a kind of low-level loser pride in his columns for the local paper.
So unlikeable are these characters and disinteresting their plight that investing even a crumb of energy into their story is an investment wasted.
The film skates unevenly between spit-and-sawdust realism, mean-streets crime anecdote and queasy black comedy, but it's never boring.
Everyone gets at least one good scene, but the cumulative effect of all these rampaging tragedies and outbreaks of black comedy is ultimately rather exhausting.
The cast is amazing and the film has a certain grim visual beauty. But ultimately there is little here but ugly senselessness.
Its cast features some of Hollywood's most redoubtable character actors, among them Philip Seymour Hoffman in one of his final appearances before his untimely death earlier this year.
A fitfully amusing Our Town that struggles to come to any kind of meaningful conclusion.
God's Pocket is the best Pete Dexter film, true to his louche, combative vision, tonally surprising, violent and alarming at one moment, then rudely funny and grotesque.
An uneven debut from John Slattery that nonetheless shows flashes of flair and a jet-black sense of humour.
God's Pocket feels like watching a television series where you've missed the early episodes and are struggling to catch up. Who's who? What's what? When is it even set? You assume it is the 1970s.
It makes a very plausible whole, and Hoffman is great.
Given how fresh the pain of Philip Seymour Hoffman's passing still feels, it's perhaps a relief that gloomy tragicomedy God's Pocket - which marks one of his final roles - never engages seriously with the reality of death.
Like the fortunes of Hoffman's doomed protagonist, goes from bad to worse.
The lack of coherence and backstory makes it hard to gain any sort of dramatic hold, not helped by Slattery's uncertain shifts in tone.
This is sustained and never less than watchable: a suddenly-major film, clinging on doggedly to its minor-ness.
For all its vim, the film tries to have its steak and eat it by scolding those who patronise the working man - then getting him drunk and watching him fall over.
If this film is any indication, [John] Slattery has an auspicious second career ahead of him behind the camera.
Slattery's flick depicts its close-knit, blue-collar community with economy and insight.
Slattery draws terrific performances from his superb cast: Hoffman and Turturro make an appealing best buddies double act, while Hendricks is heart-breaking as the grief-stricken mother and her scenes with Jenkins are quietly devastating.
While the framework suggests an intriguing examination of guilt and redemption, the approach is too earnest and the story is too contrived.
The story mostly just plods along, enlivened neither by actorly plumage of working-class significance nor by occasional shtick in the style of 'Weekend at Bernie's.'
What a dreary sendoff for Hoffman.
...a miserable little miracle.
A dud.
Hoffman plays a skillful straight man to the crazy stuff around him, simultaneously integrating his character into the story but also rising above its flat drama and muted comedy.
Isn't a great movie by any means, but it does offer one tantalizing possibility- what if Philip Seymour Hoffman had lived long enough to play sad-middle-aged-man roles?
It's sad seeing Philip Seymour Hoffman fritter away the last vestiges of his immense talent on a movie this lame-brained.
'God's Pocket' revels in rolling around in the gutter with these lowlifes and while it has some interesting moments and flashes of brilliance, there's not much below the surface to justify getting our hands dirty.
Slattery is more adept at conjuring an authentic, sympathetic milieu in support of his large, talented ensemble than he is at ensuring the plot mechanics don't creak.
A marvelous cast, a fine mess.
Turns out accents and attitude only go so far.
Dexter has proved to be a tough novelist to adapt for movies. There is something in his bleakly funny prose that does not translate (or has not yet been translated) to the screen.
A messy, shallow, muddled morass of a Philadelphia crime story set in 1978 ...
Slattery might not want to quit his day job just yet.
pastiche verging on clich
What's left is an awkward blend of tragedy and comedy, in a movie that doesn't feel as if it has earned the right to be either.
A fair amount of the film leaves you wondering about the categorizations it's courted as a dark comedy. If the tag legitimately applies, then it takes Slattery a while to find his footing, if he ever really does.
What began as an intriguing snapshot begins to feel grotesque and inscrutable.
Who can quibble when the source material is a novel by Peter Dexter ("Paris Trout"), the debut director is John Slattery ("Mad Men") and the actors are such seasoned pros?
This is Irish gallows humor at its darkest. If that's your cup of ink-black tea, as it is mine, it's a rare treat.
Though the neighborhood of God's Pocket is fictional, and never precisely located, Slattery's rendering of it is vivid and authentic.
"God's Pocket" is the kind of film I usually root for: a collage of vignettes about offbeat, colorful characters, played by an A-list cast including the late, great Philip Seymour Hoffman
Slattery's aiming for a very tricky tone here, taking care not to sneer at these people but not make Jenkins' mistake of glorifying them either. With that heavyweight cast, led by the great Hoffman, I think he pretty much nails it.
Mickey is the kind of schlubby loser that Philip Seymour Hoffman excelled at playing, especially in small, indie projects such as this one.
Although it contains some interesting characters, "God's Pocket," like the neighborhood it depicts, is the kind of place you can't wait to escape, even if its inhabitants cannot.
In an attempt for restrained, matured respectability, the picture makes even murder seem dull.
Too many of the attempts at "The Sopranos"-style comic drama fail. Maybe the comedy beats are a little off. Or maybe these people are just too gloomy to generate much hilarity.
An offbeat movie still needs to find a rhythm.
(Populated with) one- or two-note characters who should be finely tuned instruments in an orchestra devoted to playing the urban blues.
There's a sketchy, uneven quality that keeps it from taking off. Scenes are unbalanced and end abruptly and the movie comes to a logical end twice and keeps going.
It's difficult to celebrate the picture's triumphs when there's just as much to criticize, yet Slattery doesn't embarrass himself, showing storytelling promise.
In the last 15 minutes, it won me over almost completely, but it wasn't enough to make me overlook the film's considerable shortcomings.
God's Pocket has all the ingredients of a mischievous black comedy, but is neither sly nor merciless enough to embrace the absurdity of its tragedy.
It seems like [Director John] Slattery is going for black comedy, but here and there he trips over his own empathy for the suffering souls onscreen.
John Slattery's direction is skilled and steady... Great actors at the top of their game working with rich material.
Slattery goes for lower-depths naturalism, including extensive scenes in a neighborhood bar, and then tries, without sufficient brio, to transform the misery into black comedy.
It's always unfortunate to see potential wasted onscreen, in acting, writing, or directing. It's worse to see it happen all at once with artists universally known as capable of much more.
With his first feature, [John] Slattery gets some things wrong, but he gets right things that no one does.
Slattery makes a movie that seems to cry out for some kind of black humor. After all, it has a dead body bouncing around in a truck for half of its running time. And yet it's played straight, as a grim, washed-out, hopeless drama.
Having assembled a stellar cast (including the late Seymour Hoffman in his second to last role), Slattery does a great job giving them an authentic blue collar neighborhood, but the characters who inhabit it don't always make sense.
What [God's Pocket] offers, in spades, is a precise, evocative sense of time and place, deftly suggesting a shared history among the colorful denizens of a vividly realized milieu.
In his feature film directorial debut, John Slattery takes this dark little story and makes it into an impressive film with outstanding performances by a fine cast.
Slattery adapted the book with Alex Metcalf and gets the tone just right. The film is damnably amusing.
A tonally inconsistent, deadly dull slice of working class life that may have a great cast but remains forgettable in every way its star so often refused to be.
Gritty, witty and downbeat, an alternately thoughtful and juicy adaptation of Pete Dexter's novel.
Ultimately "God's Pocket" is a little too much, of everything. And yet not quite enough for Slattery, who deserves something more.
The script, written by director John Slattery and Alex Metcalf, drifts too quickly into blue-collar cliches, leaving its interesting collection of characters only half-drawn at best.
Neither a Scorsesian slice of life nor a social satire, this infuriating movie adds up to almost nothing.
You only wish debuting feature director John Slattery had brought some of the spark he's shown on Mad Men, even when deep in his cups.
Sometimes "God's Pocket" is funny, sometimes serious and always uneven in its balance of the two.
God's Pocket, despite its tiptop cast, fails to sustain its comedy or drama. It becomes, at best, a piece of sardonic anthropology.
[Philip Seymour Hoffman,] John Turturro, Richard Jenkins, and Christina Hendricks round out a formidable cast that isn't given much to work with.
There's not a moment in the film when Slattery doesn't convey with absolute clarity what each character is about and where they fit in their small, restricted world. Unfortunately, that's not enough to bring this film across the finish line.
John Slattery's feature-length directorial debut, God's Pocket, fits snugly within the tradition of the actors' picture, the granddaddy of today's big ensemble films.
Many pleasures in "God's Pocket" come from the interplay between characters too wise to tell the truth but too proud to shut their yaps.
By the time the one-legged guy roots through a trashcan looking for deposit bottles, the film seems to be teetering into classist parody.
Neither over-sentimentalizing nor condescending toward the working-class people in the film, Slattery sees the humanity in his self-defeating and ignorant characters.
There's nothing remarkable or even remotely intriguing about the dyspeptic gang of submental sad sacks in this dull, flat fiasco.
A bit of site-specific miserablism brought to life by an ensemble whose every actor ... is more interesting than the part he or she is playing.
Throughout, it becomes difficult to know whether we're meant to empathize with these characters or laugh at them.
Featuring grotesque depictions of a bar full of sad sacks that would make Alexander Payne wince, the film is almost unrepentantly nasty towards its characters.
If Slattery can make something even marginally watchable out of these dismal prospects, just think what he could do with a more human and well-developed set of characters.
Despite being well-shot by Lance Accord, this pocket is empty.
A strained pileup of small-town stupidity that might more honestly have been titled "Sad Sacks 'R' Us."
Pretty dull, although the performances are excellent.
An unwieldy dark comedy, the feature directorial debut of "Mad Men" star John Slattery is ultimately too shaggy and tonally inconsistent to hold together.

@highlight

Well-cast but frustratingly clichéd, God's Pocket fails to strike a sensible balance between comedy and drama.