It might help if screenwriters Trevor De Silva and Kevin Hood could hold to a consistent point of view, but it's never clear whether they and their director are playing these (largely fictionalised) proceedings straight or for satiric value.
Fluffy, fun and all-round charming stuff.
A Royal Night Out goes the zany romantic-comedy route in its fictional depiction of two British princesses partying with commoners at the end of World War II.
Sarah Gadon is the heart of this historical comedy with great production values. [Full review in Spanish]
Perfect romantic and comedic entertainment with exquisite production design, in a light tome and a fun representation of an historical moment. [Full review in Spanish]
Almost an unofficial sequel to The King's Speech, but at least this one has a sense of humor. [Full review in Spanish]
While critics have taken this WWII-era film to task for its blatant historical inaccuracies and eyebrow-raising plot, I feel compelled to say, Relax. This isn't The King's Speech. It's Adventures in Babysitting meets Roman Holiday.
Light, frothy, and ever-so-British fun.
Essentially a dusk-till-dawn party film with a paper-thin plot and an open invitation to the audience to exult along.
A spirited, speculative, engaging escapade...
Calculatedly audience-pleasing, there's nevertheless plenty here to enjoy for forgiving punters, especially Gadon's lovely performance.
In the end, it's difficult to reconcile the young Elizabeth depicted here with the monarch whose reign spans the longest in British history. The two just don't match up.
A Royal Night Out is a film of enormous charm, texture and good will, thanks largely to the three leads.
Elevated by a delightful performance from Bel Powley, it sits squarely in the middle of the range of royal films to be enjoyed, but not remembered.
Comic fairy tale romp has drinking, sexual situations.
...a boisterous, lively, and absurd romantic comedy, not even remotely concerned with properly documenting the period or offering a nuanced depiction of the monumental day.
"A Royal Night Out" is the type of movie the word "delightful" was made to describe, both for its largely gleeful mood and for the kind of people who use the word "delightful."
The truth doesn't always make for good stories, and neither does pure invention necessarily, although a canny blend here does deliver some lightweight entertainment.
Her Majesty might have had some youthful indiscretions in her day, but there's hardly anything scandalous about this innocuous comedy.
A mildly entertaining comedy about the adventures of two English princesses on the evening of V-E Day.
Frozen within the strictures of their shallowly conceived characters, Gadon and Powley do as best they can portraying those two semi-beautiful Windsor daughters.
It's jazzy fluff, but the film panders.
Gadon is lovely as the girl who grows to enjoy being called Lizzie, and it is satisfying to see her growing into her power as a woman and a monarch.
A story is too engineered for belief.
What makes "A Royal Night Out" palatable are the lead performances.
"A Royal Night Out" is a featherweight trifle.
Unless viewers are aficionados of the old royal family, I'm not sure how interested they'll be in following two posh-accented young women chasing through drunken crowds in period dress, though Powley, in particular, is a charmer.
The lovely performances, especially by Gadon and Powley, make the film a passably pleasing tale of teens gone slightly wild, with a royal twist.
There isn't much plot here; just an impressive amount of street partying, all the more impressive for recreating period, with swarms upon swarms of reveling extras, on the cheap.
Most likely, the real Elizabeth never had such a memorable, action-packed evening. But it's fun to imagine, if only for a moment, that behind the facade of stately hats and matching suits, the queen is hiding some wacky stories.
These imagined adventures are implausible, but they give the director an opportunity to paint an amusing slice of London life during a historic moment overflowing with both joy and sorrow.
The silly fun and the rudimentary personal reflection come off as equally superficial, and end up equally forgettable.
THIS sumptuous tale about partying princesses is big on glamour but short on story.
Spins a bit of WWII history into a fanciful, Roman Holiday-like screwball comedy featuring enough giddy romance and fawning over the royals to be a treat for Hello! Magazine subscribers.
Chances are nothing like this happened at all, but imagining that it did turns out to be quite a lot of fun.
Bloody adorable.
Jarrold is best known for the feel-good Anglophile fantasies Kinky Boots and Becoming Jane, and A Royal Night Out is a genteel, succinct venture in the same vein.
A specious "inspired by a true story" slice of Royalist claptrap.
For a story that could so easily have got it wrong, A Royal Night Out seems to hit the right notes time and again. Bright, breezy and charming to the last, there's not an ounce of cynicism here.
The picture is dragged down by shallow staging, hugely broad characterisation and some unevenly matched struggles between actor and accent.
Any film whose biggest concern is, "Did the future Queen of England kiss a bloke that night?" is obviously not for everyone. But if the war, the royals, or period frocks are your game, this could be the right sweet confection for you.
Taking a cue from The King's Speech, A Royal Night Out fashions diverting entertainment from a footnote from royal history.
Of virtually no use as a socio-historical document, this is a movie that thrives on the appeal of its bright-eyed leads and the intervention of outrageous fortune. Fortunately for A Royal Night Out, that's enough.
A prettily decorated, politely outrageous piece of cinematic confectionary, a carefully balanced, souffle-light slice of historical fiction that has a great deal of fun playing with the truth by dropping two real-life princesses into a teen romp.
The whole thing is as fake and fragile as a cheap commemorative mug, but there's ripe fun to be had in its tickety-boo trashiness.
The comedic moments are too far-fetched and most characters come across as bumbling fools.
A Royal waste.
A bit of House of Windsor fan fiction: cute but slight, though the re-creation of London's citywide VE Day celebrations is kind of amazing.
So light it's near flyaway, but grounded by canny casting and heartfelt performances, A Royal Night Out is a sugary shot of pure fantasy.
It's a lot of fun -- or to borrow from one of the royally connected writers who have reviewed the movie in the British press -- a bit of 'entertaining twaddle.'
A Royal Night Out is a right royal mess, despite Buckingham Palace being staffed by some fine actors.
This is a poignant and entertaining affair, with enough of a satirical edge not just to seem like an exercise in cosy British nostalgia.
Funny, fascinating and entirely heart-warming. Spoil your Mum. Spoil yourself.
It's a thin, trickledown sort of fun, broadly comparable to spending the afternoon in a mocked-up Lyons Corner House: the barrel is dutifully rolled out, but its contents prove no more intoxicating than ginger beer.
There is a sense of enchantment to this title, and an exuberance that emanates off the narrative, as the celebratory mood of the characters extends to the viewer.
Although it takes a breezy, sometimes silly approach to a fragment of a true story, this British period film has enough charm to keep audiences entertained...
Worth a look? Rather.
It's all very jolly, in a determinedly in-period way.
When it's playing for laughs, 'A Royal Night Out' is harmless good fun. But the film stalls when straying into serious-drama territory.
Jarrold struggles to sweep things along with quite enough vigour - budget constraints crowd the edge of the frame - but Gadon is intoxicating as Elizabeth. A star is born.
A charming blend of whimsy and romance, Julian Jarrold's new film is a beauty.
Beautifully capturing the upstairs downstairs nature of the story, director Julian Jarrold film has a feather light touch, encapsulating the humour and essence of amazement
This cheerful farce often feels scaled down for Sunday-night TV.
The film romps away happily.
Genuinely warm-spirited, with three lovable central performances from Gadon, Powley and Reynor.
There are pale shades of '80s yuppie comedies, too, like Something Wild and After Hours, but those films deliver their kicks from seeing stiff collars come completely undone. Throughout, Lilibet is just too decorous.
A knockabout fantasy with a perfect, if palpably preposterous, pedigree for box office success.
Sarah Gadon, Jack Reynor and Bel Powley charm in this brightly entertaining slice of imagined Royal Family history.
An eminently watchable diversion.

@highlight

Undeniably slight yet thoroughly charming, A Royal Night Out uses a fascinating historical footnote as a springboard into a fun dramedy diversion.