Broken English surprised me all around: I didn't expect to be particularly impressed with it, and instead it turns out to be not only one of my favorite films I've see this year, but it will probably earn a spot in the all-time annals for me.
How Posey's neurotic, self-destructive heroine finds her way to healing is the core of this generous film, whose moral is that happiness can't begin unless you're open to its possibility.
Posey's admirers will experience a sensual intoxication that fans always experience when their film goddesses are at their very best.
This isn't the best independent film we've seen starring Miss Posey, but she is the reason this one works.
a tired retread of Sex and the City, with all the same preoccupations and issues but with none of the fun
Edgy girl-meets-boy indie for older teens and up.
When Nora decides to take yet another risk against her better judgment, the film leaves to you to judge it as quixotic, vexing, or fitting.
You might be a little surprised or at least amused when the caustic, tired, joyous, frantic roller coaster stops.
A likable but wan romance.
Ultimately, the only wisdom you leave with is the implausibly wise pocket philosophy gleaned from romantic strangers on the streets of an idealized France.
...neither the story nor the well-acted characters quite engage our interest or sympathy.
...eventually jumps the shark by failing to consider a major character's professional competence
Parker Posey is game in 'Broken English,' although the limited conception of her giggly insecure Nora Wilder is too thin for ninety-six minutes.
Posey gives a committed performance, and Justin Theroux is good as an overindulged movie star. But almost nothing that's said or done here is convincing. And the energy is set at near-coma level.
Filmmaking is a family affair for the Cassavetes, and Zoe inherits the unpretentious, performance-driven style from her father, John, while delivering a love story that's accessible enough for mainstream audiences, a trick learned from her brother Nick.
Zoe Cassavetes' new film Broken English is a delight, and as a debut film shows that we can expect good things from her.
Cassavetes supplies no easy answers or easy laughs, forgoing romantic-comedy beats in respect for Nora's desperation. Call this confection a romantic-dramedy with humor on wry.
It's pretty clear where this is going from the first frame, though Posey's performance does keep you interested.
Broken English establishes a sympathetic character, gets Parker Posey to make her real, and then grinds her in the gears of a plot we cannot believe.
[Cassavetes] treats cliches as fodder for comedy and nuances as the mainstays of a deeper, more beguiling sexual humor. What's engaging about this movie is that all the conventional trysts become low-key nightmare farce.
Her Nora is a complicated mess you can't help but fall in love with even as she manages to tear herself apart, and watching Posey slowly bring this frazzled female to love's doorstep is absolutely joyous.
Parker Posey is one of those rare performers who can elevate a mediocre film into a good one and a good one into a great one simply by the sheer force of her personality.
A promising first film with moments exceeding that promise.
A welcome chance to see Posey at her flighty, edgy best. Is there an actress alive better able to convey the neuroses and self-doubts of the typical over-educated, under-challenged American woman?
Dares to not wear its heart on its sleeve but expose it crouching in the corner, trying to learn the difference between searching for love and hunting for it.
"Broken English" is a mature romantic comedy that shamelessly digs into a zeitgeist of American female neurosis. It's the best thing Parker Posey has done in years, and more than makes up for her participation in Hal Hartley's recent train wreck "Fay Grim
This is a very uneven effort, it lost me a couple of times, but then I got back into it due to the performances, the understated directing and the writing.
BROKEN ENGLISH isn't a complete washout and Cassavetes does show potential. I had the feeling that like her heroine, she was struggling to find her own voice.
Posey's comedic performances have always had a nervous vulnerability to them; here, she strips away just enough of the comedy to break our hearts.
...there's a resolutely indie spirit at work here that keeps things interesting even when they shouldn't be.
...there are reasons to catch Broken English, chief among them Posey's winning performance as a woman unsure whether to trust her romantic instincts.
Scenes often rely too much on talk rather than on visual solutions, although there's a languid seductiveness to the film's pace...Still, this movie belongs to Posey, and her nuanced performance makes Broken English a worthy adventure.
Although it's conventionally filmed and rather flat looking, the first dramatic feature written and directed by Zoe Cassavetes displays a good deal of her father John's appreciation for unembellished honesty.
Both admirably and frustratingly low-key.
Posey does what she can -- her distinctive style is always worth watching, even when her character has a trust fund and whines a lot -- but she has too big of a mountain to climb: writer/director Zoe Cassavetes' listless script and tedious direction.
As a director, Cassavetes is a keen observer of character and social interaction.
Supposed to be a romantic comedy, but it's neither very romantic nor particularly funny.
Broken English is a conventional New York-lonely hearts story made watchable by one element and one element only: Parker Posey.
Ultimately, the film is proof that there was only one John Cassavetes, and that it's not as easy to escape clichés as he once made it look.
Not a great film by any stretch, Broken English distinguishes itself by providing a wonderful opportunity for Parker Posey to show her immense talents.
The Parker Posey film is alive and well.
The contrivance factor is alive and well to the last frame.
The low-key comedy Broken English is a textbook example of an Indiewood film: a Hollywood fantasy wrapped in plain brown paper.
While the plot is overly familiar, Cassavetes gives her excellent cast plenty of breathing room. They repay her with remarkably subtle, nuanced performances, none more than Posey.
Posey is a delight throughout, and Zoe Cassavetes is clearly a filmmaker to watch.
The director doesn't have the confidence to veer too far from the norm. Her touchingly quirky screenplay eventually turns into a disappointingly conventional fairy tale.
Single Manhattan career gal finds self, not shoes, in this bittersweet romantic-comedy that's a showcase for Posey.
If Broken English has anything, it's a bold sense of direction.
The surprising part is how ridiculously pleasing [i]Broken English[/i] manages to be.
Even if the idea of a spin around the foibles of romance racetrack seems repulsive, see the film for Posey's dynamically nuanced performance. It's worth a view just to witness her best screen work to date.
Despite its rambling narrative and languid pacing, Broken English is a sweet little movie about the journey one woman makes to find love and happiness within herself. It's certainly not a movie that demands to be seen on the big-screen, but it should go o
A run-of-the-mill indie chick-flick.
By the time Nora finally makes a decision about her romantic future, we've already moved on.
The always-riveting and criminally underused Posey gives a beautifully calibrated performance, possibly her most realized and multidimensional to date.
A pleasantly disposable romantic comedy.
[Director] Cassavetes shows genuine, even original, talent in the way she creates emotional connections between camera and character, via fluid movement and unhinged perspective. But the advantage of having Posey as her lead shouldn't be underestimated.
The filmmaking is forgettable, with an awkward script strewn with too many off-key notes.
Despite its schizophrenic nature and often disagreeable characteristics, Broken English has flashes of something. You might say it has an integrity of purpose, if not of execution.
A psychologically rich drama that presents an illuminating anatomy of the anguish of loneliness and the way it often gives a desperate edge to our search for love.
Casavetes tells her tale, but it's one we've already seen, and she doesn't bring much that's new or fresh to the narrative.
The tour of Manhattan and Paris is fun in a privileged Sex and the City way, but the wish-fulfillment content is awfully flimsy in this debut from writer-director Zoe Cassavetes.
The film devolves into stilted-foreigner scenarios and self-help platitudes.
Cassavetes keeps things interesting by maintaining a dry tone that almost passes for real wit and elicits some disarming performances from her attractive cast.
The quirky female friendship between the irresistible combo of Parker Posey and Drea de Matteo oddly upstages the designated romance in the movie.
It is that rare romantic comedy in which women can actually see themselves.
Basically a hipster's pastiche of every chick flick you've ever seen except with expert breeding, but it doesn't completely erase the feeling of déjà vu.
The film is little more than a foundation for Parker Posey's usual fine performance, as the story lacks wit and narrative drive.
It's only an average film, but that first half is a pip, and the whole thing is refreshingly simple and good-natured.
What began as an interesting character study ends in convention, offering only the most clichéd platitudes in summation. You can't find true love until you love yourself? Hasn't Dr. Phil been telling us that for years?
Though there's little unfamiliar here, pic's tipping the scales more toward latent-depression drama and away from typical romcom situation gags (the humor here is more offhand) makes it seem truer to life than many similar exercises.
This crosscultural romance, an updated version of Hollywood's Three Coins in the Fountain and Summertime, has a more resonant subtext than text.



@highlight

Though Broken English eventually settles into basic rom-com territory, it's pleasant and good-natured, and Parker Posey is spellbinding throughout the movie.