The dumbest thing about Andrey Zvyagintsev's new snoozer, Leviathan, is his commitment to that title.
If Leviathan is a masterpiece... it's a masterpiece of political pessimism. The end of history has arrived and it is in post-Soviet Russia.
It's a film packed with symbolism and big questions of the kind that can stew in a viewer's head for days, even weeks afterward.
What sounds like a small and unimportant wrangle over a family home reveals an epic battle between the old Russia and the new.
A palpable and melancholy aura of resignation fills the masterful Leviathan the fourth feature from Russian director Andrey Zvyagintsev. [Full review in Japanese]
Leviathan offers a wry version of the tragedy that occurs when normal people challenge entrenched hierarchies.
This is a tale of vodka-fueled dysfunction, of the meaninglessness of a life in which fairness and freedom are little more than easily ignored words.
Zvyagintsev has craftedLeviathan with the most sublimated of directing, letting each scene play out with a quiet, methodic use of pace and performance.
Leviathan has the form of a parable, the soul of a Russian tragedy, and the moral outrage of a j'accuse.
Certain to be one of the great films of the cinephile's year.
You might assume it is one of those ponderous, overlong and overly symbolic films that are annoyingly commonplace on the film festival circuit. But you would be dead wrong.
Just as the chill of winter makes its acquaintance with us, Zvyagintsev hits us with the feel-bad hit of the year, 140-minutes of wide-angled dramatic rumination on the functional rot at the core of Russian society.
Writer-director Andrey Zvyagintsev's somehow sublimely bitter tragedy.
No shocker that Leviathan is one of this year's Oscar nominees for Best Foreign Language Film. The movie is ambitious and serious and takes on issues of society, all ingredients for nominee status.
In the end, Leviathan feels epic and tiring, but all without a dull blip. It's something of a rigorous and challenging workout for the soul.
Zvyagintsev's characters occasionally walk past the beached skeletons of giant sea creatures. Madyanov's performance suggests Mer is merely just the latest monster to plague this region. He's a little less conspicuous, maybe, but just as destructive.
Leviathan does drag at times, particularly in its hefty middle section, but the powerful symbolism of the gut-punching finale makes it worth the wait, even it makes you lose even more hope in humanity.
Leviathan is an angry/mournful look at how the system - any system - works to grind down the little guy.
Cinematographer Mikhail Krichman's stunning images complement the narrative. The cool gray dawns and barren landscapes express Kolya's despair and isolation.
Leviathan is a hoot, a tragedy and a masterpiece.
How can a bleak film be dazzling? It can, when you think about it.
Zvyagintsev literally and allegorically depicts modern Russia's runaway corruption but also captures universal fears about the shaky ground on which we construct our lives. [Blu-ray]
Despite having slight issues with an overlong runtime and a narrative that downshifts in the second half, Leviathan manages to power through with a compelling story and a beautifully-crafted look.
Politically charged and viscerally moving, Leviathan is a powerful film that challenges viewers to think about the injustices in the world that evade our tunnel vision.
A long slog of a Russian tragedy that doesn't let its protagonist or the audience off the hook.
A bleak but very well realized portrait of hopelessness and despair in modern Russia.
If anyone is curious what life is like for the average battler in Vladimir Putin's Russia, Leviathan, the masterly new film from director Andrey Zvyagintsev, offers some revealing and disturbing answers.
A scathing and sorrowful critique of an ailing society
Few directors today can get so much weight and psychological depth into such mesmerizing visuals.
A brutal Russian masterpiece.
I think it's a good -- albeit specialized -- film, but considerably shy of greatness -- perhaps because it seems so very convinced of its greatness and importance.
...starts out on a reasonably human scale, as a domestic drama about an ordinary man trying to hold on to what his luck has brought him. It ends up an epic, a movie with biblical ambitions, a haunting story about a modern Job.
With garlands galore, Leviathan sets up high expectations, with its warts and all glimpse into Putin's Russia, a dictatorship in all but name but one without an ideology - except to steal money
We are very pointedly set down in a place where cynicism rules and the fix is built in.
Zvyagintsev's purpose here is to indict not just Vadim (who is really a stand-in for Putin himself), but the entire Russian bureaucracy, as rotten, as ugly and as immovable as those bleached whale bones on the beach.
This and Zvyagintsev's three previous films -- The Return, The Banishment and the underrated "Elena -- consistently convey quiet menace, as characters likable and unlikable move inexorably toward suffering.
Zvyagintsev's brutal, beautiful fourth feature won the best screenplay prize at Cannes and, astoundingly, was selected as Russia's official entry in the foreign-language Oscar race (by whom and has anyone seen him lately?).
is, among other things, the ultimate fictional study of life under Putin, and I don't doubt it's the kind of film they could kill you for making.
The one devouring behemoth we see is a construction crane, eating away the exterior of a house with its metal maw. The movie's more sinister and insatiable monster is less visible: It is the modern Russian bureaucracy, at its most entrenched and corrupt.
Leviathan director Andrey Zvyagintsev has a grim view of the Russian state -- and the idea that its power knows no limits.
In a nation that is prone to epic novels and plays of desperate tragedy and ennui, "Leviathan" fits right in, and is nicely framed by a score by Philip Glass. Anton Chekhov would have been proud.
Early and strong contender for this year's best miserable time at the movies.
Heavy stuff but highly rewarding, and an illuminating look into a country still steeped in its brutal past.
The Russian Federation's 2015 Academy Award entry in the Best Foreign Language Film category (it lost to Poland's Ida) lives up to its title and then some.
Change the things you can, accept the things you cannot, and go to jail and die either way.
A novel-like monument to the evil that plagues humanity.
Yes, this could happen anywhere, but you get the feeling it happens often in Russia. The only real hope here is that a movie this hard on the motherland could be made there.
"Leviathan" plays like downer Tolstoy, masterfully specific to these people and unforgivingly allegorical toward the country at large.
The angry grandeur of its despair over how ordinary people get screwed by the powerful may be uniquely Russian, but it will hit home everywhere.
Zvyagintsev pretty much tells Russia's deadliest fish to stick it in his blowhole. And does it in scintillating, epic style.
A story of political and spiritual corruption, of men and women accustomed to power, and of others fighting against it.
At times the movie suggests a Cheech and Chong comedy with cannabis replaced by vodka.
Would you have enjoyed "A Serious Man" more if it had been set in Russia and been even more bleak?
A scathing movie about the soul-crushing failures of Putin's government.
The sense of occasion is immense; the subject matter bleak. Russian filmmaker Andrey Zvyagintsev is in complete command with Leviathan, his mammoth film about little people fighting for their lives, or even a shred of dignity.
It's a challenging, lengthy film, with some key moments transpiring off screen, but one that rewards effort.
A dark, bitter commentary on how absolute power corrupts absolutely and smashes those who resist it.
An observant and skillfully crafted film about corruption in modern-day Russia.
Enormously captivating, a study of oppression, human nature and the effect of the two things upon each other.
This is a portrait of people living under constant duress, trying to drown their sorrows in a bottle and sometimes behaving in misguided ways that will free them, if only temporarily, from their grim reality.
The film you expect it to be by the one-fifth mark is pretty much exactly the film it proves to be. But it's a stellar execution of that movie.
Zvyagintsev builds to a crescendo with the force of an ocean storm..."Leviathan" is a great, literary work of existential despair, as magnificent as its titular creature.
Call it what you like - a modern Russian epic, a crime drama, a black comedy or a scream in the dark - Leviathan is a shaggy masterpiece.
It's early in the year, but I suspect it's still not a stretch to say that the geography in Andrey Zvyagintsev's Leviathan are some of the most quietly evocative landscapes of the year.
Andrey Zvyagintsev's Oscar-nominated and vodka-soaked satire of modern Russia, which plays more like tragedy.
As harshly beautiful as the Barents Sea coastline where it is set, this parable inspired in part by the biblical tale of Job dumps more misfortune than one hapless man should ever have to endure.
From its chamber-piece delicacy and bureaucratic detail to a grandeur and implacable pessimism that seem as ancient as the land itself, "Leviathan" is a distinctly Russian tragedy.
It's strong work that's not always satisfying, but its silent power registers as intended, creating a hypnotic atmosphere of unrest that fuels several sensational scenes and a decidedly unsettling conclusion.
This is quite a movie, a bitter and compassionate work of genius that will reward repeat viewings and keep on getting better.
Here she is, Mother Russia in all her corrupt, bloated glory...and despair. A biting parable as enervating as a day-long vodka binge.
The masterful script deals with telling words.
As in their previous feature, Elena, Zvyagintsev and cowriter Oleg Negin modulate their social critique with sharp, ironic humor.
In all its unrelenting bleakness, Leviathan is a commanding work.
It's a small story set in a memorably desolate location. The actors, all quite magnificent, enlarge it ...
Doesn't pull back the curtain on anything.
Zvyagintsev hardly bothers to disguise his momentous, taut allegory of world-weariness in contemporary Russia, nor his interest in ever larger, ever-unanswerable questions. -
One of the outstanding films of 2014, Leviathan lives up to its title: it's a behemoth of intelligent contemporary cinema.
Nothing will surprise Zvyagintsev fans more than discovering how funny the film is, as the helmer and co-writer Oleg Negin extend the darkly satirical streak they began with Elena.
Involving, funny, uplifting, shocking, intellectually and emotionally stimulating.
Leviathan itself feels like a brave, lonely act of rebellion against the system, deeply pessimistic about the possibility of it ever working in the people's favor.
The movie strikes a tone that's both spiritually poignant and ominous at the same time.
Andrei Zvyagintsev's fourth feature is a thriller, a black social comedy, and a thinly veiled swipe at Putin's regime in one tidy package.
Smarter, denser, and more profound that what usually gets nominated for Best Foreign Language Film.
A devasating film as starkly beautiful as its setting.
'Leviathan' is structured as an intimate suspense story, with a Job-like hero on whom all sorts of hell will be visited by an uncaring state.
Superbly performed, plotted and composed, this movie takes a rotten system as a given backdrop for the frustrations, betrayals and rage people inflict on themselves and each other.
For all his failings, Kolya, in the movie's terms, is a natural man, and so his fate in fighting his implacable enemies in the state has a mythic resonance. The movie would not be as powerful as it is if he were haloed.
It's a rigorous and challenging workout for the soul.
True to its title, Leviathan is a big film -- long, sprawling, somewhat ungainly, but justifiably sure of its power.
The movie expands, breathtakingly, into mordant humor, impenetrable mystery, ferocious satire and classic tragedy.
A film of heartbreak and humor, which tells a story of considerable size and weight...yet despite its ambitions there is not an ounce of pretense.
No movie called 'Leviathan' that's not about a sea alien eating Daniel Stern (or about fish) should be this nimble.
What emerges is a Putin-offending critique of how the power-abusing state and the power-worshipping church collude to create millions of Jobs.
Bleak and relentless as well as impeccably made, biblical in its name as well as its moral outrage at the powerlessness of the individual in the face of unchecked authority, "Leviathan" is dealing with nothing less than the current state of Russia's soul.
Man's futile struggle. The grim indifference of the universe. Happy New Year.
Many conversations start and end around a kitchen table. Why, then, should we be left with such an impression of grandeur, limitless suffering, and wrath?
Haunting, emotionally devastating, thought-provoking and deeply human despite that it's overlong and very slow-paced.
Though it takes place in a small town and involves only a handful of characters, the Russian drama "Leviathan" has a feeling of expansiveness, even grandeur.
Despite flashes of absurdist comedy from some secondary characters, the movie closes around you like the fist it protests and laments.
Filled with a desolate beauty.
Director Andrey Zvyagintsev's film combines allegory, brutal melodrama, black humor and strikingly beautiful compositions, each frame dense with meaning.
[Director Andrey] Zvyagintsev spins a compelling story with unexpected twists and turns and startling cinematic moments.
The heart and soul of Leviathan is Serebriakov's Kolia, who carries deep sorrow in his eyes and on his shoulders, even as he fends off defeat for longer than you'd imagine possible.
This is really a movie about a feeling, or really, about a lack of feeling - about what happens to people in a dominant culture of bullying and abuse, when they have no escape except what's inside the next bottle, no options except not waking up.
Leviathan is another downer, but it's considerably looser and livelier than its predecessors, verging at times on black comedy.
A bleak, beautiful, and bitterly funny parable of post-Soviet Russia.
A subtle look at corruption in Russia.
Director Andrey Zvyagintsev puts contemporary Russia, as up-to-the-minute as Putin and Pussy Riot, under the microscope. Leviathan is a stupendous piece of work that transcends language and borders.
Andrey Zvyagintsev never loses sight of the humans, who're allowed to display improvisatory behavior that deepens the majesty of the rigorously orchestrated tableaus.
Like so many Russian works of art, this is bleak, bleak stuff. You might want that four-way vodka by the end.
A modern classic weaving together rich characters, witty satire, thriller elements and political bite. Among the finest films of 2014, look for it to show up on several best-of-the-year lists.
A symbolic portrait of a state that puts bureaucracy before community, it's as sobering as a week-long hangover.
The pitiless way Zvyagintsev metes out punishments to all is savage.
It's visceral, rebellious fare.
The pleasure of the film lies in its forensic skill at unpicking the intersecting layers of governmental corruption and calumny that doom the working class from the outset.
It's certainly impressive, if not quite as earth-shattering, or hilarious, as some would have you believe.
At 141 minutes, this Russian-language film set in a remote fishing village could certainly be shorter, but it couldn't be very much better, or more powerful.
The wonder of Andrey Zvyagintsev's brilliant new film is that it works both as a Chekhov-style family tragedy and as an extremely barbed satire exposing corruption in contemporary Russia.
Leviathan has the heft of a proper, old-fashioned Russian novel.
Stunningly shot and superbly acted, especially by Madyanov, this is film-making on a grand scale.
Watching this staggeringly well-made Russian drama is like reading a great novel: it leaves you feeling changed at the end.
The cold beauty of setting and themes leave a lasting wonder.
It's a bleak but compassionate, glancingly comic and often satirically incendiary work about the pyramid structure of Russian corruption, with the little guy crushed helplessly beneath, and God, or at least the orthodox Church, perched on top.
[Leviathan] presents modern Russia as a country rotten to its core - corrupt, hypocritical and godless.
Brimming with emotion, unflinchingly tense, and often darkly, painfully funny, this is a film possessed of both classic sweep and sharp contemporary relevance.
This is a whale of a movie, grotesque and a little bloated but impossible to ignore.
Frustrating, funny at points, heartbreaking and quite magnificently shot throughout, Leviathan is one of the films of the year.
If there was ever any doubt as to Zvyagintsev's position as one of world cinema's foremost auteurs, it's put to rest here.
The end result is a film that, after offering a number of potentially heroic narratives, takes pleasure in undercutting each of their claims to supremacy.
An unassuming small town social drama with big, urgent themes in its bones, Leviathan finds the much needed humanity in a story of dispiriting corruption.
This feels immediate and urgent, in addition to being a trenchant and tough-minded tragedy. It's depressing, but with such a believable cast, it's oddly uplifting.
17th Century English political philosophy meets 21st Century Russian fury in Andrey Zvyagintsev's bone-rattling epic, Leviathan.
The sweeping seascapes and beauty of the landscape the director captures are a hymn to this troubled and troubling country.
One leaves in little doubt that Zvyagintsev is one of our era's true masters.

@highlight

Leviathan lives up to its title, offering trenchant, well-crafted social satire on a suitably grand scale.