Elizabethtown [is] a tone-deaf, miscast and interminable romantic comedy from the usually beguiling Cameron Crowe.
... it captures the imperfect, specific nature of the human experience in the face of life's saddest occasions.
Much maligned but surprisingly entertaining...
It's the fashion today for interpersonal dramas to go for bathos and high-stakes emotional conflict as characters cry out their darkest secrets to each other ... but director Cameron Crowe has taken a different tack.
Heartfelt and intolerable
Though Dunst is a saving grace, it's an awfully clunky, self-indulgent little heap of garbage.
Orlando Bloom gives a typically abysmal performance as a man-boy who doesn't know if he's old enough to shave yet.
Awash with sentimentality, this meandering tale falls way short of Crowe's usual standards.
The hero's nuclear family and kooky rural relatives are so sketchily conceived that none of the intended comedy works, and the balance of the movie is given over to one of Crowe's sugary romances.
So curious, and such a disappointment.
A meandering mood piece, with no tension, no chemistry, no character development, no plot and no point.
Crowe's capable of much better than this; let's hope he gets back on track with the next one.
The performances are solid . . . but it's Kentucky that really steals the show. Crowe paints the eccentricity of the locals with an affectionate brush.
The entire enterprise smacks of wish-fulfilment provoked by middle-age male guilt. Uplifting, it most certainly ain't.
Embaraçosamente infantil, o filme ainda deixa claro que, além da falta de carisma, Bloom é um ator inexpressivo que não possui o menor timing cômico.
Crowe is still a master navigator of swampy territory, and any movie that can warm the heart and tickle the funny bone without selling its soul is to be cherished, warts and all.
30 seconds in, it lost me. 3 minutes in, it angered me. 13 minutes in, I wanted to start randomly garotting people in the next row. 23 minutes in, I actually tried to.
With Elizabethtown [Crowe] has made another heartfelt movie shot through with his sensibility. He's also made a gigantic mess, the first directorial misfire in his six-film oeuvre.
I was surprised to find myself strolling along the film's basic plotline, not necessarily bowled over by what I was seeing, but not exactly disliking it either.
Crowe has some very good ideas here, many of them interesting and funny, but the story lacks cohesion, focus, and contains one too many scenes that simply fall flat.
Esta cinta ya la vimos...aún antes de entrar a la sala.
If, as the film suggests, true greatness is defined by the willingness to fail, fail big and still stick around afterwards, then consider Elizabethtown a sweet, melancholy paean to that sad truth.
Elizabethtown is rather like an OK mix tape - waves of poignance, whimsy, interrupted by a forced anomaly, & then charm in the next track.
Sentimental hogwash
Despite all his best intentions and last-minute editing, Cameron Crowe's free-flow romanticism may have finally gotten the better of him.
Cameron Crowe's heart is in the right place, but Elizabethtown probably works better as a tribute to his late father than the uplifting romantic comedy to which he aspires.
There's nothing quite like a death in the family to evoke romantic feelings and comedic chuckles in all of us.
Relentlessly lumbering, tone-deaf and even, by the end, a little repellent.
Elizabethtown is aggressive in its need to be loved. The effect of watching it is to witness over two hours of a movie hugging itself.
It's the too-cute contrivances on which the story is built that mean it's always teetering on the verge of collapse.
It's both strongly involving and a bit too clever for its own good.
The magic just isn't there.
You can't go home again, but if you do, you'd better discover yourself in the process or risk consignment to the slush pile of cinematic also-rans.
The film's problems lie with the lack of spark between a wired Dunst and a bland Bloom.
An off-the-map disaster...the New Orleans of 2005 movies.
An epic of feel-goodness that can't find the exit.
A warm and fuzzy parable about failure and redemption, life and death, love won and love lost, love hanging in the balance. And yet it doesn't hang itself--well, not quite.
It's mind-boggling how Cameron Crowe got this one wrong.
Rarely has a film managed to be this maddeningly meandering, forced, unbelievable and, ultimately, phony and uninvolving.
Covering for the clear lack of narrative meat, Crowe piles on as many sloppily contrived 'movie moments' as he can.
All of these are rich and resonant because of Crowe's script, his direction and his ideas.
What makes fantastic directors sometimes head south...quite literally?
Elizabethtown is a wonderful comedy/drama about those moments in life when you get lost and have to find your way back again.
Part of the problem lies with Crowe's script -- which is far and away the most maudlin thing he's ever written -- and part with his choice of leads.
Leaves one adrift on a raft of morose questions. How could this vacuous movie have got made? Didn't anyone at Paramount, which paid for the film, read the script? And also: What in the world has happened to Cameron Crowe?
Falls short of actual emotional resonance, and is really nothing more than a passable Garden State doppelgänger.
Cameron Crowe is a romantic at heart and there's nothing wrong with that.
A full-hearted celebration of both film and music and a skillful homage to the melancholy beauty of life.
Crowe's mood-indigo swing through the Sentimental South, an odd blend of whimsy and overly sentimental Hallmark moments, lacks the entertainment punch of his earlier work.
It's rich and enjoyable, not unlike a dessert served at a good ol' southern wake. It may not work for everyone, but for us the map of this film leads to a remarkable journey.
...an advertisement announced a contest that would give the winner a one-week, all expense paid trip to Elizabethtown, Kentucky. Second place is two weeks in Elizabethtown.
Sets an affable mood but is saddled with a slight and pointless story.
Haphazardly mixing comical family situations with witty dialogue and tender, romantic moments, Cameron Crowe loses the focus that distinguished his previous films.
I came out of Elizabethtown with one question: what's the point? I still haven't figured that out.
Rambling and surprisingly pointless.
It's a mess, but one that's completely compelling on its own misguided, achingly sincere terms.
The movie is a mess, of course; an ecstatically unaware mess so full of passion and love and life and heartbreak and whimsy (maybe too much whimsy) it doesn't even notice how big a mess it really is.
the sum of the parts are far greater than the whole
The film reeks of self-regard and is not nearly as charming, funny or endearing as it thinks it is.
[A] sometimes engaging but often meandering mishmash of a movie.
[I]f you're open to the experience, Elizabethtown is one of the sweetest, funniest and better films of the year.
An excruciatingly narcissistic nostalgia trip saturated with writer/director Cameron Crowe's favorite tunes.
Happy tears, sad laughs, and when it ends, you genuinely miss the characters. Ain't that the best thing you could say about a movie?
Elizabethtown, the movie, quietly nudges us toward the simple -- and important -- things in life. Family, friends, food, music.
Cameron Crowe's Elizabethtown does not know how to end.
... reeks of the same kind of emotional manipulation that sends the average (male) running screaming from the theater.
A joyous mess of a film.
How sad that Cameron Crowe, the man behind Say Anything and Almost Famous should become so infatuated with whimsy.
Elizabethtown never quite feels like itself, whatever that self might be; it's as if another, subtly but significantly different movie were desperately trying to break through its skin.
To swallow Elizabethtown without experiencing a sharp tummy cramp of disbelief, you have to accept Orlando Bloom as a tormented soul.
This lighthearted meditation on life, death, love and timing contains some genuinely lovely scenes, but they're buried in a shapeless jumble of cutesy-pie vignettes.
Elizabethtown isn't a refuge for the soul, it's a dead end for the senses.
It's pretentious as well as sappy, despite some nice moments.
Just the sight of Susan Sarandon tap dancing at a hilarious memorial for her character's dead husband made 'Elizabethtown' worth seeing for me.
Though the film boils over with way too much material, enough kernels of truth and wit emerge to make the film generally worth your time.
What is wrong with Hollywood can be summed up in one word: Elizabethtown. If this is the best the industry can do, they might as well close up shop and move into a field more suited to their talents, like meat-packing.
Not even the soundtrack can save this Crowe effort.
But as messy, unfocused and rambling as this is, fundamentally flawed as any movie about loss that doesn't let its characters or its viewers feel that loss, it's still a most-enjoyable mess to sit through, a Southern-fried Garden State.
It's a film of chunks that vary wildly in quality, tone and content, and while sometimes that heterogeneity seems lifelike, more often it feels confused and forced.
Like most journeys, Elizabethtown could have used a bit more planning; its detours make backseat drivers of us all.
Choppily edited and only sporadically funny.
Whether Elizabethtown proves to be Crowe's Johnstown or just a run-of- the-mill flood, it's still a soggy mess.
`Elizabethtown' flounders, flopping about in search of a consistent theme, narrative and even character.
Elizabethtown strikes a note here and there, but does so while remaining tuneless and formless overall.
It's an awfully self-indulgent picture, but Crowe's indulgences pay off beautifully.
It makes you feel truly alive to the possibilities of life. That's an act of magic.
Moments occur in the film's first hour when Elizabethtown seems poised to take off. But it never quite happens, and the second hour is a total mess.
By the time Elton John sings, 'Soon as this is over, we'll go home,' moviegoers will be way ahead of him.
The trailer for Elizabethtown hits on every major plot point in the film and is roughly 121 minutes shorter. See that instead.
This is a bona fide, absolute, unmitigated fiasco.
This, folks, is not entertainment.
Cameron Crowe's romantic comedy Elizabethtown is a mess, but it's such an amiable, bighearted mess that it manages to remain entertaining even as it's going hopelessly astray.
While the film goes off in a million different directions, it eventually winds up going nowhere.
It's not easy to be life-affirming and satirical in the same breath, and Crowe can't quite manage the job.
Plot development in Elizabethtown comes purely because the script says it must, not because the actors or the story make it seem probable.
The film frustrates with its ADD nature.
At least Elizabethtownalways looks and sounds appealing.
The movie feels long and strangely derivative of [Crowe's] other, better work.
Elizabethtown tries to be and do too much and never really goes anywhere.
Ultimately, Elizabethtown suffers from a severe identity crisis.
It conjures up several good ideas and a few good scenes, but nothing ties them together except an equal number of bad scenes and misshapen ideas.
The movie comes across like the director died about two-thirds of the way through filming and a loony relative stepped in to finish the project.
No one in the movie feels like a living, breathing individual...
The first words - 'There is a difference between a failure and a fiasco' - are, alas, more prophetic than either Bloom or writer-director Cameron Crowe probably intended.
A character plans out a 42-hour-and-11 minute journey accompanied by a 16-CD soundtrack....Elizabethtown feels every bit as long and music-saturated...
The movie gives us nothing productive - save the unfortunate realization that Orlando Bloom can't dance.
This aimless travelogue isn't worthy of the killer Cameron Crowe soundtrack that comes along with it.
ELIZABETHTOWN is joyous and sloppy and frustrating at times but ultimately very satisfying, all of it jumbled up together.
Wraps us up with a warmth not unlike a favorite sweater or comforter.
You sit and squirm waiting for something to happen, but it just plods along offering bromides that are supposed to sound like sage advice.
It's not just the main character who doesn't have a plan -- it's Crowe, too.
...overflowing with fully realized characters, perfect little details that ring true, and iconic moments that will live on
Two stories fighting for dominance - One full of the usual Crowe magic for romantic fantasy and the other bogged down in slapstick and middle class hick humor.
Elizabethtown is an irresistibly comfy experience, like a wearing a thick sweater during the bitterest days of winter, or listening to an Abba CD at top volume.
a movie full of great, emotional moments, but not a great movie.
I've always suspected that a failed Cameron Crowe movie would be more entertaining than a successful movie by most Hollywood screenwriters, and this shows I was right.
Story doesn't have an arc so much as a winding S-curve
the more the movie screams, 'love me!' the more resistible it becomes. ...the shorter version is not an improvement: It's just less of the same.
spins and falters like an intoxicated couple on New Year's Eve
A rambling wreck that is nothing to Crowe about.
No, Cameron! Not another musical interlude! Please, I'll be good!
Garden State without the matching clothes and wallpaper.
There's little romance in Bloom.
What ends up on screen is a jumbled, if good-natured, mess.
That rare animal, a dialogue-driven comedy -- and a good one at that.
It's the opposite of the quick commute of the average commercial movie. It's a meandering road trip instead.
Elizabethtown needed a raffish, Preston Sturges-esque ensemble to offset the corn.
Even when Crowe trips with his plotlines and his pacings, at least he has a world of exciting, wonderful people to keep us wanting more.
Just as we're reaching for our coats so we can beat the rush to the parking lot, the movie launches a new chapter.
A dreary, self-indulgent, overscripted train wreck of a film.
Cameron Crowe's tale of romance and redemptions struggles to sustain a tone of bittersweet whimsy, but its emotions are in the end as undercooked as its ideas.
Much of it is not half bad. Some moments achieve the transcendence they ache to find. But it's like a concept album with no concept, Singles with fewer hit singles.
Dunst plays an android programmed to bestow idiosyncrasy like a Pez dispenser geeked at regular intervals.
The film's golden moments run the gamut from warmhearted to satirical, but a sense of incompletion hampers their effect.
Elizabethtown is scaled big but the experience is curiously uninvolving.
There's regret in imagining just how much better this would have played with an age-appropriate John Cusack or Tom Cruise (or, heck, Patrick Fugit) in the lead role.
A number of enchanting ideas and even a few self-contained luminous moments lurk deep within. Sadly, what surrounds them is half-baked and unsatisfying.
Elizabethtown sticks to a pattern -- joke, pronouncement about life, meaningful song, repeat -- that becomes irritating and then pretentious and, finally, unbearable.
Elizabethtown feels decidedly impersonal and, even worse, enormously contrived.
In its trimmed version, Elizabethtown is nowhere near one of Crowe's great films (like Almost Famous), but it is sweet and good-hearted and has some real laughs.
Crowe's undeniable gifts -- his well-crafted individual scenes and his love for his characters -- are more evident here than his flaws.
A quad-sided concept album of a film -- shapeless, overstuffed, and frequently maddening.
It's easy to tell what Crowe's intention was - remaking Smoke Signals while pretending he was David Gordon Green.
It must have required a lot of chutzpah on Crowe's part to couch that quest in a meditation on the differences between failure and fiasco. When an endeavor goes as spectacularly awry as Elizabethtown, the point is moot.
[A] hugely disappointing film, which goes beyond blunder into something akin to meltdown.
Four to six movies are happening simultaneously in Elizabethtown and Crowe never decides which one he should be making.
They should have hacked off another half-hour, including the ridiculous ending. The result might have been a disjointed film that made little sense, but then, so is this one.
Cameron Crowe has such a great track record that Elizabethtown has to be considered a major disappointment.
The movie, for all its pleasant vibes, hits one clunky false note after another. It's almost as if Crowe is deliberately building an unreal universe, a hothouse where his cozy little whimsy can thrive.
This isn't drama; it's asking people to fork over nine bucks to hear what's on your iPod.
Full of big laughs and delicious dialog.
The blandest, most emotionally inexpressive performance yet from the least distinguished member of The Lord of the Rings' ensemble cast.
Think of Elizabethtown as Cameron Crowe's rambling amateur travelogue, one from a well-liked professional filmmaker momentarily so distracted by private notes scrawled on his souvenir map that he gets lost en route to telling his story.
Bloom . . . bravely putters about on screen as though it all means something, but leaves the unmistakable sense of wanting it all to be over very, very soon
None of it seems remotely real. Elizabethtown may be an actual place, but 'Elizabethtown' seems like nowhere on earth, because Crowe's script is so disjointed and tone-deaf.
Rarely will you ever see a romantic duo with less chemistry than Bloom and Dunst. Sitting through this movie gives one an impression of how long eternity might be.
Dunst radiates devilish, sprightly mettle and a feisty, winsome personality that will generate a glow in the hearts of men (and older boys).
Dunst and Bloom were far more believable in their widely watched comic book and fantasy films
It's not a fiasco, but as the voiceover admits, anyone can fail.
An endearing tale of a depressed young man who in the midst of career failure and a death in the family discovers the zest for life.
A jumble of potentially intriguing concepts that rarely gel and leave the sticky residue of bad impromptu theater
Imagine Garden State by a better writer-director but with a worse editor and a loony studiohead who insisted on bringing the film in at two hours at any cost.
It dares you to care about any of its people or incidents or sentiments, foisting the characters' little comic quirks on the audience like they're fenced goods.
I left the theater emotionally satisfied, and sometimes that's better than having a perfectly tuned plot.
Can a director survive 3 flops in a row? Elizabethtown is a pale imitation of zany Capra and Sturges screwball comedies, an overlong, plotless, miscast narrative
Pretty much a disaster on all counts.
Tedious humor and sentimentality bury what could have been a pretty good road picture.
Lacks the narrative drive one finds in the classic comedies of Preston Sturges, Frank Capra and Billy Wilder, whom Crowe always seems to try to emulate.








@highlight

This story of a floundering shoe designer who returns home for a family tragedy gets lost in undeveloped plot lines and lackluster performances.