How much you appreciate the film will largely depend on how effective you feel its big revelation is.
...boasts a suffocating atmosphere and a disjointed storyline that turns the screws on your nerves while leaving you to puzzle over the plot
It's truly a masterpiece in the end.
Kim Ji-woon's psychological skin-chiller painstakingly teases apart the traumas that bind a widower, his teen daughters... and his high-strung second wife in a suffocating web of guilt, suspicion and fear. The American remake, The Uninvited (2009), pales
Kim Jee-Woon's serious approach has its merits, but it also creates some problems that mar, without ruining, the film's effectiveness.
A very tasty exercise in supernatural and psychological horror.
Despite its third-act problems, A Tale of Two Sisters easily passes the scare test.
The atmosphere of mounting dread is matched by just-right performances, design and camerawork.
This is a carefully structured film about grief and guilt, as well as horror. They don't resolve every disturbing moment or confusing element: they leave some questions hauntingly unanswered.
I like what it's trying to do -- use a ghost story surface to tell a tale of guilt, blame, and madness -- but was disappointed in the conventional tactics it used.
The film feels haunted by the relationship between Im and Moon, who cling to each other in the face of a hostile hostess, even though that may not be their best option.
This movie scared the hell out of me!
...yet another pointless, interminably paced Asian horror flick that's inexplicably garnered heaps of praise and adulation...
There's more rank dread and inscrutable mystery in any one scene of this South Korean psychological thriller than in all the American horror films of the past 10 years.
Well-tread territory.
Even at its most maddening and cute, the elaborate interplay between hallucination and reality rewards attention.
There's a reason why Hollywood has been so busy in recent years remaking Asian horror movies. Scare for scare, they're generally better.
Even though its components may be familiar, it is made with precision and sophistication and is, by default, better than any original American horror film of the past few years.
Writer/director Ji-woon Kim leaps to the forefront of Asian horror with this brilliantly executed psychological nightmare.
May move a bit slowly for American tastes, and the inexplicable bits may occasionally frustrate, but you slip into the rhythms of the film almost despite yourself.
It may not be a pretty picture, but A Tale of Two Sisters is definitely a satisfying piece of less-is-more cinematic horror.
The gorgeous slow-moving cinematography by Lee Mogae is remarkable.
Fans of the genre will find much to savor with A Tale of Two Sisters.
This one makes you sweat.
A bit of cinematic showing-off that offers an intriguing puzzle but never really makes us care.
... one of the best and most haunting of the recent Asian horror films.
The film seems unnecessarily vague on a rational level, but it's spot-on as a psychological study of a twinlike sibling relationship, and the ways in which memory can suppress trauma and soothe a mourning soul.
Ji-woon Kim may be the Korean David Lynch and his juxtaposition of seemingly innocent and suddenly searing situations is marvelously unnerving, as are the constantly shifting personalities of most of his characters.
There's no denying the eye for hypnotic imagery employed by writer-director Ji-woon Kim and cinematographer Mo-gae Lee.
That feeling of laden Victoriana oozes not just from the opulent settings, but from the sexual leviathans coiling and uncoiling in the subtext.
We aren't meant to understand the story fully until the film's closing minutes, so the shocks and suggestions come in a muddled context.
Precise direction that goes more for slow chills than quick frights, and a script with some startling twists, makes A Tale of Two Sisters a classy entry in the East Asian psycho-horror stakes.
Like a fairy tale set in a haunted house, this terrifying psychological horror yarn from Korea preys upon deep-rooted fears of adolescence, insanity and evil stepparents while scaring the bejabbers out of us.
[Kim] creates stunning images ripe with meaning.
Murky and pretty near incomprehensible.
With style to spare, this Korean import cranks up the creeps through atmospheric sound design, slick cinematography and crimson-drenched art direction.
The creepy visuals, the slow-burning tension, the meticulous pauses for effect, and the staggered trail of clues and revelations inexorably draw the viewer in.
A somber reflection on memory, adolescence and mourning.
A tour de force of psychological horror at its creepiest.
The film succeeds again and again at pulling you to the edge of your seat and keeping you there.
Quite restrained for what's basically a horror movie, and very well acted.
When all is finally revealed, it becomes clear that the stylish spookiness was its own slim reward.
The attack of the killer wallpaper
Classic horror in the vein of Hitchcock, Argento and Miike...the scariest film in years!
[D]issect[s] grief and madness with an authenticity that will engage and bewilder both your lizard brain and your higher intellect...
As a ripe, almost Victorian-tinged contemplation of desperate sisterly devotion, it can be harrowing.
Brought 'horror film' made to order goose bumps to me.
a delirious mélange of styles that absorbs us for two solid hours
Although A Tale of Two Sisters has some excellent suspense sequences, it falters badly during the dramatic parts.
It's a stunningly creepy specimen of Asian horror.
Plays like a gorgeous painting hanging in a gloomy gallery -- you stand in front of one corner, mesmerized by turquoise wallpaper or a burgundy rug, then a fleeting movement in another corner draws you over.
Kim's artful Tale may be stronger on atmosphere and mood than on story, but it contains hidden charges that chip away at the borders of certainty -- and that can be scary.
Unnervingly conflates fairytale lore with the angst of adolescent sexual development.
More deliberately paced than even the most deliberately paced Asian horror movie and twice as complex.
Masterfully manipulative and bloody scary.
Dark, dreadful, and utterly disturbing, it's a remarkable modern fairy story.
Haunting presences, inexplicable cutaways, overwhelming suspense, deeply disturbing sub-themes and a general willingness to leave things unanswered. Fantastic!



@highlight

Restrained but disturbing, A Tale of Two Sisters is a creepily effective, if at times confusing, horror movie.