For all of its vices, I can't help but think that we've brought Getaway on ourselves. It's not the car chase film we need right now, but it's probably the car chase movie we deserve. And if the finale is any indication, a sequel could be ready to go.
Getaway is a videogame-one at its best when realizing this truth.
When chipmunk-faced Gomez curses, sailor-like, waves a big gun, brags on her genius-level hacker skills-you wanna say, 'Put down that fake gun and go sing a nice pop ditty.'
The wretchedness on display here is stunning, as if the screenplay was spat out by a musty, old Commodore 64 possessed by the spirit of Ed Wood.
This is the antithesis of craftsmanship.
If you want to enjoy 'Getaway' feeling like you might be a blue bottle that's about to go 'splat' on the windscreen, rev it up.
The story is just an excuse for 90 minutes of fast cars and crashes ... filmed in a grueling, dirty, too-fast edited fashion...
It's all you can do not to laugh. Oh, go ahead. But be forewarned that there are many miles to go before we get to the end and it will feel like an eternity before any of it makes sense.
While the seemingly endless car chase has many literal gear changes, Getaway as a film is a monotone experience.
It's mildly diverting, and it clearly hopes you won't point out if not its inconsistencies, then areas where it could have tried harder.
Getaway feels like a project that was undercooked, needing snappier dialogue, better shot coverage in its action sequences, and especially a heavier dose of macho charisma.
If you like car crashes and bizarre casting pairings, have I got a movie for you! If you like good movies, yeah, not so much.
Little more than a 90-minute chase scene, this film is targeted directly at the Fast & Furious crowd, but it has only one expensive car to smash up instead of many dozen.
What might have been a guilty pleasure is anything but thanks to badly-staged action scenes and a script that resembles a tick-list of action-flick cliches.
CRASH. "Slow down!" CRASH. "Pull over!" "Do it. Now!" CRASH.
If movies need us to suspend disbelief, you have to supply your own clothes hangers for Getaway.
With its smashy-crashy aesthetic and endless scenes of hyperbolic car-nage, Getaway exhausts the viewer's patience long before the finishing line approaches.
It's watchable enough, but you wouldn't want to pay cinema prices for the pleasure.
One of the worst films of the year, by a country mile.
If you want to see a film make any kind of sense - or at least not to profit from attacking scores of others with a high-speed vehicle on the assumption you might save one person - then run for your life.
You watch the resultant, wholly bloodless carnage with brain in neutral and eyes glazing over, as you would a re-run of Police, Camera, Action! at two in the morning.
Undeniably silly and riddled with both gaping plot holes and unintentionally laughable moments ...
Little more than a series of repetitious chases that ploughs through the cliches like so many piled-up boxes, barrels, crates and Christmas trees. All that's missing is some blokes trying to cross the street with a plate glass window.
It's difficult to know quite what is harder to believe. The completely illusory and nonsensical nature of the absurd narrative Getaway or Ethan Hawke was able to make this in the same year he shone in Before Midnight!
A witless and unforgivably tame car wreck.
Filmed on the cheap in Bulgaria, it makes up for what it lacks in originality with a plethora of well-staged car-stunts, and puts action firmly at the centre of its limited appeal.
Getaway should be required viewing for any filmmaker considering making a car chase movie. It offers a virtual step-by-step tutorial on what not to do.
A movie on the road to nowhere
If the title ended in an exclamation point, this movie's very title would be a warning. 'Getaway,' which is nothing so much as an hour-and-a-half car chase, is preposterously silly.
This latter-day B movie can be rather fun in its preposterousness and bargain-basement style.
Wanting desperately to be Fast & Furious, Getaway is more like the schizophrenic cousin to 12 Rounds.
A big clotted clog of fumes and dust and grit, inane dialogue, ridiculous plotting, and bent, twisted metal.
The plot holes are huge, most notably one that the writers stole directly from "Speed."
You expect [Gomez] to hold up her fingers on both hands and shout, "I'M THIS MANY!"
Tiresome wannabe thriller, incoherently spinning its wheels for 97 minutes with sheer stupidity.
Ethan Hawke can drive. He can also act. I'm just not sure he can do both at the same time.
Hey...please don't do anything like this to us again. Thank you.
You know you are in trouble when Selena Gomez' character is the smartest one in the film.
Not even bad enough to be enjoyable. It's just plain bad.
Accomplishes the impressive task of vanishing completely from your mind as you're sitting in the theater watching it.
"White House Down" all is forgiven! "Getaway" crashes into theaters as the summer's worst movie.
A Really Boring Dud
I read how 130 cars were crashed during filming. 130! They could give one as compensation to everyone who pays money to see this textbook late summer dump in the theater.
It's a car movie made by people who couldn't find reverse in a Volkswagen; a puzzle box thriller assembled by the functionally insane.
Apparently paid by the word, Gomez infuses her never-ending word bubbles with all the emotion and gravitas of a tweet declaring her disdain for pumpkin-flavored lattes.
If you've always wanted to see Ethan Hawke bicker with a teenage girl for 90 minutes, this is your chance.
Getaway is pretty much a 90-minute car chase. That's it.
"Getaway" will actually have you laughing at several points. The problem is, I don't think that was the filmmaker's intention.
The main concern for viewers will be whether the car survives all the mayhem, or at least whether insurance will cover all the damages.
Selena Gomez is so laughably bad that Miley Cyrus twerking at the VMAs is only the second-most-awkward performance by a former Disney star this week.
The direction is so amateurish that Getaway fails to even provide serviceable B-movie thrills.
The only participant to emerge with its reputation intact--though not its paint job--is the Shelby Mustang muscle car, which also delivers the film's most nuanced and psychologically complex performance.
It's as if the director saw a Paul Greengrass fight and figured excitement is the result of confusion and loud noises.
The good news about "Getaway" is that it always uses real cars and drivers. The bad news is that it does not always use real actors or writers.
Getaway has some of the crass trappings of a charmingly crass, go-for-broke action pic like the delightful Crank. But it's too dumb - and far too cynical about what audiences want - to even know how to have fun with them.
Hawke compensates with a vivid, ferocious performance that doesn't go over the top.
The characterization and dialogue are atrocious, the filmmaking is fashionably busy, and there's a lazy cynicism to the picture that sours its thrills.
It may be the dumbest movie released this summer.
For evidence that speed, mayhem and tumbling vehicles do not necessarily result in excitement, we present Getaway.
'Bullitt' is still remembered after 40 years for its car chase that only lasted 10 minutes. 'Getaway' is a 90 minute car chase and it will be forgotten by the end of the year, if not sooner.
It's an excuse for a 90-minute orgy of car chases and crashes that thoroughly tests the audience's endurance and patience.
Lackluster action flick has too many smashed cars to count.
For 89 minutes that feel like 89 hours, cars speed out of control and crash doing only PG-13 damage. The damage to your brain while watching it is incalculable.
"Getaway" is hilarious. Problem: It's supposed to be a gritty, edge-of-your-seat action thriller. Whoops.
Getaway is like a modern take of Speed blended with the Gone in Sixty Seconds remake, but is ruined by a limitless amount of redundant car crashes and an annoying little girl.
Getaway or One Direction: This is Us? I chose Getaway. Boy bands aren't my thing. A reel or two into Getaway and I'm thinking One Direction is a better direction.
Even in the realm of really bad movies, Getaway is a special kind of awful.
Director Courtney Solomon ("An American Haunting") makes one wonder what Alan Smithee's been up to lately.
Like watching a friend play a race-car videogame. Over and over and over again for 90 minutes. Without ever offering you a turn.
Amateurish dialogue, frenetic camera work, overzealous editing, and at best a mildly intriguing premise. Maybe we can take solace in some exciting car chases?
Don't be alarmed if you walk out of Getaway feeling confused. It's not you. This grainy, clustered video game of a movie makes no sense.
By the time the movie actually arrives at its finest moment - a nearly two-minute single shot from the Mustang's hood as it chases the villain's van through dense traffic - you've become so numb to speed and sensation that you may barely notice.
Director Courtney Solomon doesn't know how to shoot action; his herky-jerk style is a constant distraction and never lets momentum build.
[T]his vehicle undergoes so much damage over the course of one night in Bulgaria that we can only assume it was forged by the gods themselves at the top of Olympus.
...the car chases are dull, the stunt work isn't very interesting, and the characters would have to be fleshed out to become cardboard figures.
The real getaway here was the one the filmmakers pulled on the studio, having heisted giant paychecks for minimal work or thought.
If a friend gives you a free ticket, turn it down.
A cinematic catastrophe where the filmmakers seemed less intent on entertaining their audience so much as inducing nausea and seizures. Pass the Dramamine or take the title literally and skip this disaster.
You've probably seen this movie before, watching a child play with his toy Hot Wheels cars after eating multiple bowls of sugary breakfast cereal.
After a while it all becomes mind-numbing. How many chase scenes and car crashes (they do all start to look alike) can one person take?
Director Courtney Solomon makes sure the pace never flags, holding our attention with complex multi-camera coverage, and Hawke does just the tiniest bit more acting than necessary for a genre piece.
So forgettable that better title would be "Throwaway."
One can only guess why Ethan Hawke felt compelled to make a high dive from the sublimity of "Before Midnight" into the twisted rubble of "Getaway."
If you can't even deliver blatant car-nography, what's the point?
It's hard to remember another action entry that expends so much energy on frenetic blacktop choreography and attention-deficit editing with so little to show for it.
Getaway might have been enjoyable as a mindless bit of dumb, late-summer entertainment if it had been vaguely coherent.
[A] video game posing as a movie, a preposterously plotted kidnapping story starring a high-performance Mustang.
"Getaway" could have been an excellent two-minute film.
"Getaway" is so bad that what's most surprising about it is that Nicolas Cage didn't manage to star in it.
A car-chase clunker that can't escape its own noxious emissions.
The nonsense piles up nearly as fast as the smashed, flipped, T-boned and otherwise trashed cop cars chasing after Ethan Hawke's laughably named Brent Magna and his sidekick, "The Kid."
The only real benefit of Getaway is pointing out the likely winners of the next Razzie Award for Worst Screen Couple. Come on down, Hawke and Gomez, you certainly deserve it.
This nonstop chase film could make a critic feel guilty for calling other movies "empty."
Not a single moment in this automotive snuff film isn't ridiculous, and its only mystery is why the estimable Ethan Hawke agreed to star.
If you like plausible story, forget about this.
We get it, the cops in Bulgaria need some more on-road training. Pass.
an absolute travesty
Maybe the title isn't a title, but an instruction: "Getaway," away from this movie, and fast.
It doesn't have a plot, really. It's more a first draft of an outline of a notion.
As a moviegoer, I am not against car chases, but I generally like some movie wrapped around them.
So completely idiotic you might swear it was made by Luc Besson and starred Jason Statham or Liam Neeson.
Even video game designers come up with better story lines than this.
Though always speeding forward in some gear of ridiculousness, the film is a lot more fun when it's completely nonsensical, before its baddie's motives and harebrained plot are funnel-fed to the viewer.
If you've ever wondered whether it's true that late August is the dumping ground for bad movies, here's proof positive of that. (Full Parental Review also available)
Bottom of summer-movie barrel, we hope.
The film is more than a bit of a mess, with the crashes, explosions, and gunfire all dominating the action, if never quite coalescing into anything coherent.
The dumbest action movie of the millennium so far.
It might just be the longest 90 minutes you'll spend in a theater all summer.
So mechanical and derivative, not even the abducted-spouse routine can stoke the audience's rooting interests.
"Getaway" gets itself embroiled in all sorts of inane situations. Then director Courtney Solomon forgets to give us that basic thrill of all car-chase flicks: watching the car barrel toward its destination.
The action (all at nighttime) is messily and crudely filmed. The plot mechanics are often laughable.
A movie that's essentially one long car chase? I liked it better when it was called The Fast & The Furious.
It's meant to be dumb, summer fun. They got the "dumb" part right, and it is summer, but what with the unpleasant characters and inane twists, they forgot to supply the fun.
Consonance is the key to making a chopped-up aesthetic work; without it, Getaway becomes little more than a boneheaded chase flick with unusual camera angles.
The movie equivalent of a continuous closed loop.
The film never hits beats other than go-go-go, and the overall experience is unrelenting and oppressive, a cacophony of revving engines, twisted steel, and shattered glass.
Hawke's character actually says, after one of several situations that could never possibly be replicated in the real world, "I can't believe that actually worked." I'm assuming he said something similar when he cashed his paycheck.
Very lackluster thriller. Even the car chases- which are the whole reason this movie exists- are monotonous.
Believes in logic like the VMAs believe in music.
And thus does a summer that started with a silly car chase picture end with a far sillier car chase picture
The bottom line is there is a heaping helping of destruction on hand, but it's hard to be too critical when a film dares to be as preposterous yet flashy as this one.
Getaway is an awful picture -- gawky, moronic, and dull. Once again, Solomon proves himself to be an abysmal director, and Hawke should probably look into new representation.
There is literally nothing redeemable about Getaway, besides the fact that, at 97 minutes, you won't waste your whole day on it.
Even without the terrible dialogue, the movie probably wouldn't have worked, as the car chases, impressive at first, quickly become repetitive.
Getaway does inspire escapism, as its title implies, but not in the way the filmmakers had in mind: rather, you’ll be looking for the exits.
"Getaway" has but one task -- deliver nonstop primo car chases -- and it can't even do that right.
Brainless chase flick doesn't even offer guilty pleasures.
Some of the car crashes are incredible, but what actually made them crash is left all too often to our imaginations.
Something like a "Cannonball Run" for the YouTube Generation, with the largely incoherent action cut in a Cuisinart.
Getaway is rated PG-13 for rude gestures - including the ones you'll flip at the screen when the end credits start rolling.
Getaway is loud, obnoxious, and will leave most viewers with nothing but a regrettable headache afterwards.
'Getaway' has accomplished one significant thing. It makes plain that Selena Gomez has no business passing herself off as an actress.
Perhaps more suitably titled "GoPro: The Movie," "Getaway" is a movie for people who think "Taken" is too complicated.
It would be easier to overlook the ludicrous details if 'Getaway' delivered real thrills or escapist fun.
A car-crash movie that's a train wreck.
The Shelby Mustang driven by Hawke isn't just the fastest car in all of Bulgaria: It also has the ability to heal itself, like Wolverine.
The film blinks too fast to maintain a coherent vision.
A high-octane thriller that might be best described as Taken meets Speed meets Ransom... Unfortunately, the execution leaves a lot to be desired.

@highlight

Monotonously fast-paced to the point of exhaustion, Getaway offers a reminder of the dangers in attempting to speed past coherent editing, character development, sensible dialogue, and an interesting plot.