I can't even tell you. Just see it.
There are some terrific one-liners, most of them insults...But this is a string of character gags, not a film, and the narrative barely putters along.
If you hate the Rogen/Apatow crew, you will hate this movie. For the rest of us, it's comedy Heaven.
If the conceit of actors playing themselves wears thin after the first 20 minutes or so, strap thyself in, because you're in for a very long night.
Luckily, when the jokes hit, they hit hard, and it's almost always at least entertaining.
This is The End is my kind of Rat Pack movie.
Seth Rogen, employing Appatow's Hollywood frat-house clown-crew, has made a unique, hilarious, bizarre, thoroughly disgusting, yet rather important movie for these times.
Come for the cameos, stay for Danny McBride, and come back again for the handful of genuinely deranged sequences that you'll hardly believe exist in a mainstream comedy.
"This Is the End" does not crack jokes at the expense of Christianity. It does, however, consider both kicking a severed head around like a football and the prospect of raping Emma Watson to be hilarious.
This movie is flat out crazy.
The movie's very self-amusement makes it go down easy.
Probably the most self-indulgent wank in movie history, yet on occasion it's hilarious.
There's wonder here that films with quadruple the effects budget would kill for.
Writers Rogen and Goldberg run out of ideas before the second act and just half a** it until the end credits...
The loose structure lazily rushes out plot points late in the game
...runs on some delicious self-critique.
The best thing about This Is the End is playing "spot-the-celebrity" in the early frames. Do this, and you'll find everyone from Jason Segel to David Krumholtz. If all that talent were put to better use, the film might have been worth watching.
That Rogen and Goldberg make one of the Backstreet Boys' more annoying yesteryear hit singles something you giddily sing along to is a measure of just how on point the satire is--that, or that it truly *is* the end of the world.
Enjoyable, time-killing piece of throwaway Friday-night pap... It's broad, stupid fun that, against all odds, ends up coagulating into an actual story with a point.
...a very savvy send up of the way we perceive celebrities as vapid and self-involved ciphers who are so often flattered and coddled that they come to accept applause as their due.
If your tolerance for druggy banter and puerile sex gags is low then the idea of facing Armageddon with Rogen and his chums will probably strike you as hell.
At its best it's a film about people getting lost in the fiction of their own creations.
If you're familiar with their previous films, you'll be laughing often and laughing loudly.
If Fast and Furious 6 was stupid in the bad way, This is the End is stupid in the best and funniest way.
An elaborate in-joke and everyone's in on the gag
It's a giant Hollywood in-joke, but one that invites you to share in the laughter.
One of the funniest films of the year so far.
Near-the-knuckle comedy that proves self-indulgent laughs, when done right, can be hilarious.
A funny self-aware critique of the actors' indulgences - along with several violent deaths, demonic monsters and dick jokes. There are lots of dick jokes.
This is the End is one of the most fun movies I've seen in ages. It's a silly extravaganza, a huge bunch of nonsense, but, boy, it's entertaining ... This film is one big in-joke, but it's a very good one.
Never reaches the heights of earlier collaborations Superbad and Pineapple Express. However, it has a belligerent, depraved, coked-up Michael Cera, and that is a treat unique to this film and this film only, so it's certainly worth your time.
While bewildering for those unfamiliar with the Judd Apatow clan, for fans, this raunchy, daring and gleeful comedy comes up trumps.
The Is The End feels throughout like a feature-length inside joke, but Rogen and company are generous enough to let the audience in on the gag.
The juvenile ribaldry flies fast and furious ... culminating in a finale as bizarre and whacked-out as I've seen in a while. They're swinging for the fences here.
A crude, rowdy, self-indulgent buddy-movie mash-up travesty about the end of the world, in which smoking weed, ejaculation jokes, exorcism & a decapitated head kicked around like a soccer ball are par for the course
Rogen and Goldberg make the jump to directing with this riotously self-referential apocalyptic comedy.
The Book Of Revelation comes to pass in rapturous fashion while some of its brightest young stars are partying in James Franco's L.A. mansion.
...it's ultimately clear that This Is the End could (and should) have topped out at a brisk 80 or 90 minutes (including credits).
Befitting its title, it does feel rather like Rogen et al are having one final blowout before moving on to other things.
The film is more guileful than it looks, even though the narrative is nuts ...
[A] bloated and only sporadically chucklesome vanity project from Hollywood's new generation of superannuated frat boys.
THIS IS THE END is Rogen, Goldberg and co. bringing the funny, and the dick jokes like their lives depend on it.
The movie's hilarity hit rate is frequently determined by who is onscreen at that very second.
The end of the world turns out to be one prolonged exercise in mutual masturbation. It may end that way but wouldn't it be nice to get in on the action instead of observing from a seat stained with coke and who knows what else?
Profane, shocking, and absolutely hysterical, 'This is the End' is one of the most creative comedies to come along in years.
Profane, shocking, and absolutely hysterical, 'This is the End' is one of the most creative comedies to come along in years.
A bonkers idea executed with supreme confidence, This Is The End unleashes a bombardment of crowdpleasing hysteria and could be this summer's biggest surprise.
Comedies don't get much more self-referential than this film, in which a bunch of old friends get together and play themselves facing a biblical-style apocalypse.
Blithe, beautifully acted and refreshingly free of fancy SFX, This Is The End pokes fun at generic film-making, without ever seeming self-righteous.
A cheerfully crass, enjoyably puerile entertainment that doesn't scrape the bottom of the barrel as much as it blows the barrel to pieces with a sawn-off shotgun.
In-jokes about celebrity culture and what these stars might really be like pours gasoline onto every spark.
Both the jokes and the narrative flag long before the excessive running time is up.
In which a bunch of drugged or drunk superstars, played by themselves, use the end of the world as a pretext for projectile vomiting, bodily fluids and every kind of grossness.
In daring to so aggressively shake up two formulas for the price of one - the apocalyptic epic and the frat-boy romp - this is a very special comedy indeed.
Just one great big goofy joke. Some funny stuff, but a rental/download only.
It's a continuation of Rogen and his co-stars' established acts, with minimal tweaks to the formula. But why worry, while that formula still works?
The players flap, mug and pratfall. Then they flap, mug and pratfall some more. The script is an open text: they can bring their own jokes. The audience is still waiting for one when the film closes.
The story becomes as scattershot and repetitive as the scatalogical gags. Best enjoyed under the influence.
Loads funnier - and smarter - than it sounds on paper, and well worth watching for the unflinching Hollywood satire, even if you're sick of Apatow-esque bromantic comedies.
Entertaining, frequently hilarious comedy with a witty script, a superb comic cast and some surprisingly good special effects, though your enjoyment of the film will largely depend on how funny you find the relentless self-parody.
Guffaw you will, but like a middling sketch show, it gives your sides too many opportunities to recover.
It could use a brutal edit to remove some weak material, but mostly this is a hell of a lot of fun.
No comedy classic, then, but a good natured and engaging slice of goonish self-mockery.
With most of these performers now pursuing far more interesting projects in their own careers, maybe this is the end for a group of comics whose shtick has started to feel rather tired.
a ribald frolic of a film that willfully, gleefully skewers both film conventions and the cult of celebrity
This is a vanity project full of crude humor. It may or may not appeal to broad audiences.
Definitive, and unsurprising, proof that Danny McBride would be a total jackass during the apocalypse.
This Is the End, in addition to being the funniest film of the year, is also the best buddies-versus-the-apocalypse film since Simon Pegg and Nick Frost battled zombie hordes to make it back to the Winchester in 2004's Shaun of the Dead.
A perfect excuse for high levels of hysteria, mayhem, profanity.
The dirty half dozen may find God at the last minute, but they've all been disciples of Judd Apatow for years. So the absence of taste is balanced by an abundance of heart.
Adults-only, stoner comedy at its most hilarious extremes, straining hard to make sure every icky, grody, envelope-pushing "ewww" of its R rating is covered.
... the movie definitely struck a chord with the crowd I saw it with ... (with) a climax that brings bromance back ...
They've tapped into the inherent psychedelia of Revelation and enhanced it with absurdity, scatology, Ecstasy, weed and a contemporary secular ignorance informed by Terminator movies.
Depicts the end of the world with such drug-addled, potty-mouthed, over-the-top and below-the-belt enthusiasm that it also might signal Armageddon for a certain type of boys' club comedy.
This Is the End is masterful comedy filmmaking, all the more impressive for its loose-limbed apparent casualness.
I love a movie where it feels as if you just worked out your abs because you laughed so hard.
Because its transplanted the egotistical and childish behavior normally reserved for Team Apatow's lovable manchild characters onto the actors themselves, it feels dangerous. For awhile, it feels like anything can happen, and its thrilling.
A funny but flawed film that would have benefited from a tighter edit.
Armageddon never looked like so much fun!
A revolting gross-out comedy, whose humor is witless, scatological and childish.
The moments of comic gold are sometimes diluted by considerable stretches of tedium, generally occurring when the filmmakers and their improvising actors refuse to end scenes and instead carry them past the point of comedic no-return.
... honesty, loyalty, and comedy will be tested as the world comes to a horrifying and dangling end... and you'll never look at Michael Cera the same way again.
If you think that being trapped with a bunch of guys telling dick jokes would the equivalent of Hell on Earth - well, according to THIS IS THE END, you are more right than you think.
This Is the End, true to its subject matter, is as funny as hell.
basically a modern-day Cheech & Chong movie with a bigger budget and more focus, disguising itself as an event film
Crass, flimsily plotted, and self-referential to the point of narcissistic personality disorder. For those willing to tolerate such defects, however, it is also very, very funny.
This movie makes Superbad and Pineapple Express look like child's play. Outrageous and undeniably hilarious, but how did it not get an 'NC 17'?
Feels a bit like a feature-length sketch, but it's a really funny one, and funny is enough.
Actors, it appears, do not have to grow up. And if this is your thing, then neither do you.
This is the End makes for one absurd, fantastic end-of-days thriller stuffed with so many jaw-dropping scenes that you may not be able to chew food for a while.
It's part of the fun of This Is The End: movie stars horsing around and letting us watch. It's a giddy experience, even if you do get the sneaking suspicion that they seem to be enjoying themselves even more.
Too bad this film comes across more like a reality TV show, 'Big Brother Apocalypse', than a movie. Actors, playing themselves, come across as awful people. You begin to wonder: How close is this to the way they really are?
[A] comedy extravaganza... a remarkable mix of monsters, visual effects, vulgar humor, and feel-good optimism.
This is the End is an outrageously crude (and low-brow) raunch-com that lampoons an eclectic mixture and wide range of pop-culture targets, often to very funny effect.
A smart and hilarious apocalyptic comedy.
Breezy enough that it's not very hard to enjoy it for what it is... [although] it's stretched out and there frankly aren't enough jokes in it.
Just when I thought I was getting tired of this comedy group, they surprise me with this refreshing, dark, gross, raunchy, brave, bold satire that made me laugh hard and often. It's a little rough around the edges, but the laughs are definitely there.
Every time you think they've stretched this as far as they can go, Rogen and Goldberg go farther.
The filmmaking itself is disarmingly amusing, hitting grace notes amid the grandiosity.
Rude, crude and socially unacceptable, and in all of those ways, it is hilarious.
... a freewheeling comedy that features enough scattered hilarious moments to compensate for its contrived one-joke premise.
The outrageous This Is The End takes an early lead in the summer movie comedy sweepstakes.
Uneven yet sporadically hilarious, the film does a spectacular job at toying with the public personas of its prolific stars, but frequently allows their riffing to go on far too long.
Even with this film's comedy strategy being the "let 'em all fly and see what sticks" approach, it's amazing how adhesive so much of this is.
This Is the End plows through and laughs at unsavory doomsday scenarios, from playing soccer with a severed head to a "rapey vibe" when Watson's around.... There are no boundaries in this movie, so deal with it or leave.
The funniest end-of-the-world movie so far this year -- and that's a crowded field.
Though This Is the End drags slightly here and there, the filmmakers keep it interesting by making the personal relationships dynamic, and the movie redeems all that is self-referential and self-congratulatory about it with a warmth of spirit.
Their big joke is to literalize the Book of Revelations, but snaking around this is a biting contempt for the entertainment business, their own bad movies, and the social privilege these confer.
This Is the End is the bust-out, badass comedy of the summer. And then some. It's so good you'll think you hallucinated it.
A playful metaphor for acting and the hell-fire of public opinion. That or they're comparing adulthood to Armageddon, in which case it's a little ironic to let [Michael] Cera die first.
A series of sketches that don't quite come together as a movie.
Its psycho-analytical look at Hollywood mostly feels imperceptible given the nonstop barrage of jokes that the ensemble launches at one another throughout the film, both in grand proportions and asides.
It's not profound, but hot-damn is it hysterical.
If the world is coming to an end and Armageddon is nigh, you can do worse than hanging with some of the funniest people on the planet ... and James Franco.
Enough laughs and entertainment value you have to give them more than a little credit for what they're able to pull off and get away with.
The results are undeniably amusing, but hardly supply the bellylaughs one would expect from such sleepover atmosphere of pals making a hearty, weed-foggy doomsday commotion.
This type of thing has already been diluted by...Funny or Die...The main difference-and it's not to be underestimated-is that...End is profane in the extreme, an R-rated stoner comedy gleefully grafted onto a "splatstick" horror picture...
This is the End is like The Walking Dead meets The Real World, cast with an entire generation of hot comic actors. An example of meta filmmaking at its finest.
Funny is funny, and it would be truly dishonest to deny the big laughs-the spikes of gut-busting inspiration-that the film sporadically delivers.
One of the darkest, weirdest, and funniest cinematic armageddons you'll ever experience.
The funniest movie of the year.
As long as Rogen and his buddies are just as self-involved, crude, obnoxious and hopefully exaggerated versions of themselves, things stay pretty funny.
"This is the End" finds a balanced tone most horror comedies fail to deliver. Grossout humor melds easily with grossout horror, sometimes at the same moment.
[The filmmakers], and the cast, have a great deal of fun playing up or playing against their established screen personas - whether it's Hill as a teddy bear of positive affirmations or Franco as a self-absorbed esthete.
It's a thoroughly good time at the movies, from humble beginning to cosmic, surprise-cameo-featuring end.
Enough laughs for half-a-dozen movies. You'll laugh so much it'll hurt.
"This is one of the most tasteless, ridiculous and funniest comedies of the 21st century."
This is fundamentally a narcissistic venture, undone by the fact that none of these guys are compelling enough to sustain an entire movie without a story.
A rapturously-riotous, celeb-skewering raunchfest.
Most of the celebrities playing things straight (Michael Cera is a notable exception, portrayed as a cokehead sex addict who likes blowing cocaine into people's faces without warning).
The movie is one grand in-joke that smartly lets us in on the gag. These guys don't care if we laugh with them or at them - as long as they can keep us in stitches.
I had a grand old time at this apocalypse, where 75-80% of the jokes land and the cast's eager-to-please energy, mostly carry you through the gags that fall short.
In a summer where the world seems to be going up in flames over and over again at the movies, "This is the End" shows you don't need to take the death and destruction of every single thing you've ever known or loved so darn seriously.
The sublime brilliance of the script is that it plays on the audience's perception of who we think these people are. Objectively, it is indefensible as a movie, but it delivers gut busting laughs and is the funniest comedy of 2013.
Michael Cera's coked out stud is insanely fun, but he's gone too soon and most of the comedy goes with him.
Gut-wrenchingly funny...a giant ball of flaming self-mockery.
As both homage and send-up, it presents viewers with the ultra-meta image of a comedy genre eating its own tail.
A decent percentage of the insults hit their targets, but the extended improvisation doesn't make for an especially disciplined film. The movie feels longer than it is ...
It is intensely raunchy and silly and joyous and tapped right into my inner teenager in a glorious way.
I'll admit I laughed aloud quite a few times, be that from some of the spoofy material, other outrageous comedy and various self-deprecating bits about the stars themselves and their past work.(Complete Content Details for Parents are also available)
One gets a sense that these guys really are friends and they made this for the same reason Frank Sinatra and the Rat Pack made the original Ocean's Eleven.
Out-of-control hilarious.
It's vile. Vulgar. Obscene. Profane. Shameful. And yet it has more spiritual density than 15 Kirk Cameron movies. And, it's sinfully funny.
Six comedians stuck in a house together as the world is ending. What could be funnier than that?
Witty and raunchy - alternately juvenile and sophisticated, drawing laughs from all parts of the comedy spectrum.
Hollywood's "pot pack" gives us a version of The Rapture we can all get behind.
It may be a sophomoric type of imagination, but it's still better than the alternative.
Maybe it's possible for a director to make demon raping and urine drinking side-achingly funny, but that wasn't the case here.
This Is The End is surprisingly smart, poking fun at the rich and famous while providing biting social commentary.
With lazy "Hangover" sequels and Adam Sandler movies still passing for big-screen comedy, the anarchic debut feature from directors Seth Rogen and Evan Goldberg is fresher than anything this side of the Funny or Die website.
This Is the End is to Rogen and his crew what Grown-Ups is to Adam Sandler and his buddies: an excuse to get paid to play with his friends, only this one is actually funny.
[A] crass, patchy, occasionally hilarious farce ...
I enjoyed the hell out of it for a while, but it got irritating and self-congratulatory long before it was over and I desperately do not want to see it again.
A slapdash amount of effort, modest effects and a modicum of talent are on display, but the imagination deployed is negligible.
There's a message to This is the End. That message is 'don't be a douche.' Well, at least it's better than 'Google is awesome.'
The film is uneven and about 15 minutes too long. But when it's funny, it's hilarious.
With no outsiders to coddle, this tight-knit ensemble locks into a groove and reaches some truly giddy heights, turning even the weakest material (a spoof of "The Exorcist") into anarchic fun.
[It]gets derailed by [Rogen and Goldberg's] desire to keep upping the level of comedic absurdity and cheesy special effects. Still, there are lots of low-brow laughs, especially in the first half.
Seth Rogen and Evan Goldberg's script is scathing, while their directing debut is a revelation.
This Is the End is crude, tasteless, bloody and, at its best, riotously funny, in the guiltiest of pleasures kind of way.
This is all performed with brio, by likable performers with expert timing, ace chemistry, and a directing team eager to let them tear loose. But it can wear you down.
For an anarchic, R-rated comedy, "This Is the End" exudes a kindness and generosity that's quite touching.
How long would it take to count the idiocies in "This Is the End"? Fooled you! Trick question. Numbers don't go that high.
This gut-busting comedy is an intoxicating mix of "Write what you know" and "Give the people what they want."
a meta-masterwork.
It's a hit-and-mostly-miss affair...
In places it is genuinely, even sublimely hilarious. Why shouldn't it be?
A story lurching moment-to-moment for inspiration, or full of ceaseless gags about every bodily fluid, or featuring rape jokes or the sight of Franco spitting food into Hill's mouth, doesn't pass as wit.
"This Is The End" is irreverent, fractured, uneven and even silly. But fortunately for moviegoers, it's also hysterical!
I'm predicting a sequel of this movie to be entitled "This Is The End, Really".
I wish the movie was tighter but I was never bored, I laughed more than most recent comedies, and found the originality of the piece refreshing. You guys are almost forgiven for "Your Highness." Almost.
Less sharp-edged satire than frat-boy goofiness.
It's no minor accomplishment to make one of the most indulgent projects in Hollywood history. But with "This Is the End," Seth Rogen and his pals have indeed achieved this dubious goal.
It's apocalyptically dirty. And it's hilarious.
An enjoyable mainstream American comedy is already something approaching a miracle, so those with strong stomachs for shady humour should grab this with both hands.
Animal House meets the Apocalypse. And it's pretty damn funny.
Subversive, self-deprecating and sexist, it's a horror zonk-fest designed to blow a guy's mind.
Banking successfully on the chemistry of its cast, it's a thoroughly enjoyable tweak of stoner-dude grossout yukfests.
You may have trouble at times deciding whether to laugh out loud or to avert your horrified gaze.
It's funnier and more energetic than a lot of what's out there in a movie season most would qualify as disappointing.
It's the end of the world as we know it, and I feel high.
[It] has a gleeful sloppiness that seems to owe more to multiple rounds than multiple drafts.
As a celebrity's-eye-view apocalypse movie, This Is The End delivers huge guffaws and large-scale carnage with enough gusto to mask the indulgences.
The thing really moves. Even the grottiest bits have a way of hitting their marks and darting onward, the way they did in "Borat."
Dies a slow, wheezing, woefully unfunny death.
Imagine how funny it could have been if they had actually put some thought into the humor instead of trying to appeal to the basest levels of comedy, and then imagine if they had actually done something with this story.
There is stuff in "This Is the End" that had me laughing so hard, I sensed new body parts joining in to help out - my pancreas was heaving, my bile ducts ripped.
This Is The End is quite unlike anything else out there.
Its wild and hilarious elements don't cancel out its smug and lazy ones.
Seth Rogen and Evan Goldberg are connoisseurs of bad taste and their directorial debut has a good deal of fun with free-flowing gags about urine, semen and all-around "rapey" vibes.
It's disheartening that, despite some half-hearted overtures toward shifting the comedy paradigm, the filmmakers make little attempt to expand their comedic palette.
This Is the End is a wildly inventive comedy that takes Armageddon and centers it within a surreal, sensational take on the whole Friends of Apatow dynamic.
It offers plenty of chortles, chuckles and guffaws for those who appreciate Rogen and company's brand of hard-partying but soft-hearted storytelling
You never know exactly what lunacy lurks around the corner, or just how far Rogen and Goldberg will push the R rating to its limit.
I died laughing... and I've found a new respect for a Hollywood posse whose work I mostly haven't enjoyed before.
"This Is the End" is a stunt-comedy filled with trashy throwaway comic bits. It's a shotgun approach that works well enough to induce more laughs than you'd get from a typical Hollywood comedy.
Unsurprisingly it's really messy, and not every joke lands, but the script's peppered with so many that it's hard to find a scene where you're not consistently laughing.
You'll never look at Michael Cera the same way again.
Most impressive effects, but pallid comedy
manages to maintain a surreal comic pace throughout the first half until things take a turn for the truly weird ... What Baruchel witnesses when he walks in on Cera in Franco's bathroom is priceless on its own
Even without James Franco and Danny McBride threatening to ejaculate all over each other, This is the End would be an aggressive, misguided demonstration of self-love.
The Miami Heat of stoner comedies. There are so many talented people involved it almost seems unfair to other comedies.
This is the End is a surprising and audacious pleasure, big on certifiably insane laughs but fueled by genuine intelligence and heart.
A beautiful collision of slacker comedy mixed with insightful skewering of a celebrity-obsessed culture.
I was literally in pain from laughing so hard. The guys are just furthering a story so that we can get more laughs before the lights come back and we realize we may have just witnessed the end of the Best Comedy of 2013 competition.
It's totally juvenile and sophomoric, and the story is simply a humorous background...but it's just so damn funny. A total inside joke that I felt I was inside of.
It's the wildest screen comedy in a long time, and also the smartest, the most fearlessly inspired, and the snort-out-loud funniest.
The seemingly exhausted gross-out comedy genre gets a strange temporary reprieve with This Is the End, an unlikable but weirdly compelling apocalyptic fantasy.
Rogen and Goldberg (making their directorial debuts) get the balance just right, with one gut-busting punchline and situation after another set against the escalating dread of the end of existence, taking place just outside of James Franco's house.
What really makes the movie fly is the choices that Goldberg & Rogen and all the stars made/agreed to play through the film.
This Is The End is also, improbably, one of the sweetest films of the summer, and it lands with a resonance I didn't expect.
When you're watching a stoner/celebrity culture/end-of-the-world-as-we-know-it comedy like this one, it really comes down to "How often did I laugh?" The answer is a lot.
As with Superbad, which was at its core a comedy about the anxiety of codependent male high school separation, This Is the End digs into the under-discussed drift of fraternal camaraderie.
This Is The End is a vanity project that hopes that audiences will enjoy hanging out with Seth and the gang as much as they like hanging out with each other.
Rogen and Goldberg stunned me with their understanding of the horror genre, the beats, and how to scare the audience. It's an insanely competent horror comedy...
Offsets its slightly smug premise with a clever sense of self-parody and near-cataclysmic levels of vulgarity.
It's hard to imagine that a funnier movie will come out this year.
...occupies a frequently hilarious middle ground between their Apatow-produced bromances, the giddy gruesomeness of the recent Aftershock and the confined social abrasiveness of It's a Disaster.

@highlight

Energetic, self-deprecating performances and enough guffaw-inducing humor make up for the flaws in This Is the End loosely written script.