It turns out that Dumb and Dumber To is not only stupid and unfunny, but also horribly outdated.
The Farrellys emphasize fellowship, camaraderie and solidarity... through a filter of ridiculous humor. [Full review in Spanish]
If you loved the first one, you'll at least enjoy this one, though it's hard to imagine this sequel has done anything special for the - am I really writing this? - franchise.
The jokes are definitely 'dumb' (and therefore, it works in this film's context), but with a movie title that literally proclaims the same out loud, what can you expect?
The freshness and likeability have gone, replaced by a weariness and undeniable creepiness that the default comedy style does nothing to dispel.
How the hell did Carrey and the Farrellys talk Jeff Daniels into doing this?
It was just dumb.
A surprisingly funny film that lands just enough jokes not to desecrate its predecessor. Sometimes the soft bigotry of low expectations is a blessing, not a curse.
Best to leave this one to the diehard fans, who should stay for the post-credit shenanigans.
It's an absolute joy to see Lloyd Christmas again, and Carrey seems impossibly revitalized.
We can only take so many fart jokes and offensive material before beginning to look for something fresh. [The original] was fresh in 1994, but [this] is just plain tired.
I hardly laughed at all.
Shot so unimaginatively that it seems to have been unearthed from a crate marked '90s Generic Comedy--Sell In Corner-Store Bins. A climactic chase ends in a men's toilet--the lame-ass setting doing double-dooty as a metaphor for this movie's quality.
Embraces the quaint charms of the old school to ironically novel effect.
There is a lot that is overly familiar here, but it doesn't keep it from being funny enough to pass as a worthwhile diversion
Calling Dumb And Dumber To a comedy is a monumental stretch, because I typically laugh during comedies.
Dumb and Dumber To is a complete misfire and an embarrassment for all involved, featuring far too much unfunny juvenile material that merely makes one wonder how on Earth anyone thought it would work.
The film is almost exactly as funny as the original, and that's some achievement. It might say more about commerce than creativity, but that's comedy in the 21st century for you.
The gags run the gamut from the inspired to the amusingly corny -- and are hung on one of the Farrellys' patented convoluted plots.
If you really wanna hear the most annoying sound in the world, head to your local theater and listen to America laugh at this heartless drivel.
The only thing that impresses in Dumb And Dumber To is that it does manage to exceed even the most modest expectations of its inanity.
Nostalgic victory laps such as this ultimately come down to the pace their personnel can maintain. Although it's hardly a personal record for anyone involved, "Dumb and Dumber To" shows that sporadic and unsteady can still finish the race, too.
The unrelenting nature of this picture ensures that, though few and far between, there are a handful of hilarious, indelible jokes in this title.
The Farrellys, who once had a genuinely anarchic edge, demonstrate a fatal lack of timing - missing the film's comic beat by around 20 years.
Jim Carrey and Jeff Daniels were loveable idiots when they first played Lloyd and Harry in 1994, but now they're older, none the wiser and needlessly abrasive, which takes the fun out of their stupid antics.
The occasional uproarious moment is small reward for the long scenes we're forced to endure of Carrey and Daniels gurning and grinning as if they are fresh out of bedlam.
Let's face it, honking, braying dullards no longer feel like a novelty in mainstream entertainment.
Times have moved on and what once seemed simultaneously fresh and disgusting now feels depressingly threadbare.
Be warned: this is a movie meant only for hardcore fans of the 1994 original, and other moronic comedies in which plot, character and filmmaking coherence aren't important.
Scrappy and crappy but knowingly so.
When it works, it's often down to Carrey and Bridges: they have a knack for wringing a laugh out of anything, though not exactly with much subtlety.
More miss than hit - and shockingly creepy in places - but a handful of sizable laughs make this sequel just about worthwhile.
A handful of giggles simply isn't sufficient reward for sitting through so much relentless, and, more to the point, unfunny, tastelessness, in which no topic is deemed unsuitable for comedy.
It isn't just that the joke has gotten old - and the actors look tired - it's that the Farrelly brothers push too hard for jaw-dropping moments, robbing the characters of the innocence and spirit of camaraderie that once balanced the stupidness.
It's a rental, rather than a visit to the cinema.
Overlong and underpopulated with gags that really land, there's still moments of mirth for devotees of the original.
The gags are pelted ferociously by the Farrellys, a relentless onslaught of crude puns and sick-trigger sight gags. Some hit. Most miss.
Often, the comedy's just spiteful, sour or sloppily executed - or, in the case of a running joke about the hideous middle-agedness of Kathleen Turner's character, the mother of Harry's daughter, all three at once.
Recaptures the magic intermittently.
Revisiting Dumb And Dumber may have sounded like a stupid idea, but Dumb And Dumber To removes all doubt.
Relies on our memory of how good the original was but no one here embarrasses themselves - at least not involuntarily.
Outrageously funny most of the time, buoyed by the performances of Carrey and Daniels
It's hard to name a recent sequel that has been more thoroughly unwanted, unneeded, and disposable.
"As admirably cohesive as the story is, it's far surpassed by the wonderfully committed lead performances. Harking back to the rubber-face zaniness of his breakthrough years, Carrey elicits childlike wonder at his hyperactive expressions and movements."
The characters haven't changed, great-but neither has the plot, comedy, or execution.
There's amusement to be had here, but it's unlikely that anyone will fall for it "hook, line, and sphincter" (to use the movie's parlance).
These are dumb characters in dumb situations doing dumb things and making dumb jokes, which is the entire point.
After this, it's doubtful anyone will want to do There's Something More About Mary.
A punishing 110 minutes of flatulence, diarrhea, bad malapropisms, infantile sex gags and gross-out jokes that are gross without the impediment of actually being funny.
I wish I could put as little thought into writing about Dumb and Dumber To as the Farrelly brothers did in making it.
The knucklehead gags aren't quite so funny when middle-aged actors perform them.
Carrey's character's clueless "craziness" now seems cruel and even pathologically twisted-not just dumb, but loathsome, pathetic and truly crazy.
Sporadically affable but mostly pointless...
Even at its best, the film plays like the comedy equivalent of a legacy act reuniting for a tour fueled more by nostalgia and goodwill than inspiration.
A kitchen sink shocksploit featuring disgusting displays of depravity and vulgarity.
Its overall desperation makes it a much more depressing experience than the first one, despite sporadic fits of humor.
Disappointing and tedious, as the Farrelly brothers try to reprise the vulgarity and sophomoric humor.
Dumb & Dumber has its fans, and they've been eagerly waiting 20 years for this sequel. But they're mistaken if they think this movie was produced for them.
Lazy, uninspired, and populated by a cast that looks like they want to be anywhere else, Dumb and Dumber To is the most depressing "comedy" I've seen in years.
This reunion feels like Carrey and Daniels may not actually remember the characters they're playing, so instead of returning to Lloyd and Harry, they are doing brand new impressions of what they think dumb characters would be like.
If there was a device that could measure the impact of jokes falling flat, this film would be an ideal test subject.
there's an air of desperation about this film
Time can be cruel, especially to sequels.
Neither the convoluted plot nor the jokes have been updated from the '90s, which is fine for fans of the original but feels like a missed opportunity.
The true sequel "Dumb and Dumber To" doesn't bring it's former versions classic status back to theaters...but it will make you laugh.
Heading to the theater with lowered expectations should at least net a few nostalgic laughs.
The sequel takes the utmost pride in riding the short bus, being absolutely mental, and making you feel a little bit dumber after experiencing it. Dumb and Dumber To is the most masterfully brainless film to be released this or any year.
Dumb and Dumber To isn't required viewing but with Carrey and Daniels back in the starring roles the sequel delivers a fair number of enjoyable (though moronic) laughs.
Carrey and Daniels together again and funnier if also dumber.
The Farrellys let themselves wander, undisciplined, through the convoluted story, with grins on their faces but no purpose in their eyes.
Turns out, it's a perfectly worthy sequel to a film that aimed low from the start.
Dumb & Dumber To defies traditional film criticism. I can only tell you that I laughed, and at times I laughed really hard.
Dumb and Dumber To-a vastly inferior title to the otherwise vastly inferior 2003 prequel Dumb and Dumberer-isn't comedy genius by any stretch, but it's still pretty damned funny.
...actually a bit funnier than the first, but, the Farrelly Brothers never having been arbiters of good taste, you have to wade through a lot of scatological (and racist) dreck to get to the real funny.
Dumb and Dumber To settles for revisiting the inane toilet humour of the 1994 original, where fecal matter is repeatedly and democratically spread around. The Farrelly Brothers don't seem to realize that crap goes stale, too.
The effort comes across as desperate and sad, with meager laughs and sloppy storytelling.
The directors Bobby and Peter Farrelly cram the movie with puns and those kinds of sight gags. Almost none of them work.
Dumb. Yes. Dumber. No doubt. But To is too funny. At least in places. And enough of them to tickle my almost untickleable funny bone.
Dumb and Dumber To is comedy by committee, and the script plays like it; gags pile up, as if each subsequent draft merely added to the joke quotient. With so many attempts at laughs, however, the success ratio of the humor is surprisingly low.
Purposely crude, over-the-top sequel lives up to its title.
The Farrelly's sacred space is the road trip, and once the two idiots fire up their hearse's engine the movie finds its slapstick sweet spot.
I reckon four out of every five jokes played to silence at the preview screening. If Dumb and Dumber To were a live comedian, he'd have said, "Is this an audience or an oil painting?" He'd have left the stage in tears.
I laughed out loud only once. It was a good laugh. But, it only made me feel sorry that rest of the film wasn't that way.
The Farrellys are thorough in making sure each phase of matter - gas, solid, liquid - is represented via bodily-excretion gags.
The Farrelly Brothers should thank their lucky stars that Nicolas Cage's incredibly bad "Left Behind" has already been released. Otherwise "Dumb and Dumber To" would be the leading candidate for worst movie of the year.
Jim Carrey and Jeff Daniels are still fun to watch on screen playing off of each other, it's just too bad they weren't given a better script to work with.
Dumb and Dumber To contains enough laughs, clever references to the original film, and two all-in performances from Jim Carrey and Jeff Daniels.
Films about dumb characters can be smart, witty and highly creative, if handled just right, but this one often feels quick and sloppy rather than inspired and brilliant. (Full Content Review -- Sex, Profanity, etc. -- for Parents also available)
I suppose the Farrellys are trying to summon a mood of friendly remembrance, but they inadvertently create a yearning to watch the previous picture all over again.
Is it a good movie? Only if you think the sight of a cat high on meth wildly swinging from a chandelier in the background is hilarious.
The majority of it isn't just dumb and dumber, or even crude and cruder. At nearly two hours, it's just dull - and duller.
Dumb and Dumber To traffics in politically incorrect jokes, the kind that tell you the Farrellys are stretching for filler, not testing boundaries.
Starts strong, but fades quickly, like your motivation at work on a Friday.
Over all, the movie is just funny enough to make you wish it were much better than it is.
In a world of ISIS, Ebola, dwindling retirement funds and severe drought, somehow this film seems needed.
...will do more to broaden Jeff Daniels' appeal rather than relaunch Jim Carrey's comedy career.
Dumb and Dumber To is mostly just a kick in the nuts, and not the good kind -- provided there is a good kind.
You know the way some mawkish dramas make you tear up unwittingly? This movie is the opposite of that: It's a laugh-jerker.
The film clearly aspires to (three) stoogery with these lojinks. And it still aims too low.
The characters were never particularly endearing, but at least they never became too annoying in the first movie...
Dumb and Dumber To sits in the "enjoyable retread of the first film" category.
Despite my better instincts, I thought this movie was pretty funny.
It's a perfectly generic, occasionally very funny, utterly unnecessary sequel.
For some reason we expected much more from this Farrelly Brothers sequel, whose less-than-energetic screenplay and sparse number of gut-busting laughs makes it one of the year's most disappointing and surprisingly dull films.
I laughed three times, which were pretty much the only three jokes that were not about bodily functions or substituting faux outrageousness for humor.
I laughed a lot at this movie, possibly even more than I did at the original film, which I enjoyed quite a bit.
The lengthy gestation period hasn't resulted in an appreciably upgraded experience.
Faz jus ao antecessor.
What felt fresh in Peter and Bobby Farrelly's original "Dumb and Dumber," with the Carrey-Daniels dense duo channeling the Stooges and Jerry Lewis and something else entirely, feels strangely old-fashioned two decades later.
Everyone has piled into this dumber, sillier, more consistently funny reprise with an enthusiasm that's infectious, and not in a low-grade medical way.
The Farrellys are still not much interested in film as a visual medium, and when Lloyd and Harry aren't smacking each other or dropping their pants, you might as well be listening to a radio play.
Dumb and Dumber To has some gags that work really well, but a majority of the jokes fall flat, including many of the callbacks to the first movie.
There's much more plot floating around during the sequel, all leading up to a climax at the "KEN Conference" that suffers in comparison to Silicon Valley's mockery of the same milieu.
This movie has earned the tag of stinker in more ways than one.
"Dumb and Dumber To" is the Farrelly's attempt to get back into their groove, but everything feels off and, worse than that, safe. The original film was unpredictable and loose and every so often gave up the aura of dangerousness.
Is this worse for Jim Carrey or Jeff Daniels? That's the sort of question that comes to mind while not laughing at "Dumb and Dumber To."
What may have been subversive and irreverent in 1994, now just seems vulgar, hateful and tone-deaf ...
A sequel as desperate, in its own "official" way, as the knockoff-brand origin story that previously besmirched the franchise name.
Dumb and Dumber To may not be quite as funny as the first one, but it's the funniest thing the Farrellys have made since.
Whatever was fresh about Carrey and Daniels' descent into stupidity the first time around just isn't the same in the sequel.
If there was any doubt that most things in society have been dumbed down in the last couple of decades, Dumb and Dumber To could be exhibit A.
The ultimate sad realization is not that Dumb & Dumber To doesn't match the original's good-time quotient, but that it might not even be as good as-yikes-Dumb and Dumberer: When Harry Met Lloyd.
Die-hard fans may be pleased.
It's not as smart as the original, but Dumb and Dumber To is still fun enough.
Unlike fine wine or cheese, however, the Dumb and Dumber concept has not aged well.
From junky production values to the parade of unfunny supporting characters to its lazy energy, "Dumb and Dumber To" falls on its face.
What seemed fresh and silly and naive and hilarious in 1994 - like the cascading joke sequence about the most annoying sound in the world - now seems contrived and repetitive and sometimes repulsive.
Sporadically funny and mostly tedious, this 18-years-too-late sequel nonetheless exhibits a puerile purity of purpose.
The whole thing feels like a product of desperation and creative exhaustion.
Fans of catheters, snot, menstruation, cat anuses and a hearse filled with farts won't be disappointed. All others need not - and should not - apply.
The Farrellys snatch the rug out from under everyone sooner or later, and there's pleasure in watching them do it - if you can check your morals, sense of good taste and IQ at the door.
The result is simply stupid. This embarrassing revival plays as if the script were written in Comic Sans.
If you're looking for nostalgia, just put on some Butthole Surfers or Crash Test Dummies while you try to dig up your old DVD copy of the original
There are a ton of jokes in 'Dumb and Dumber To.' A lot of them fall flat - but look at how many there are!
Is it funny? Yes-ish. I was reminded of 2010's Jackass 3D (there's a line you'll never read in Cinema Scope magazine!) in that, while I never actively wanted to laugh, sometimes I just couldn't help myself.
As fresh and effective as a spritz of Binaca in the wrong direction.
Dumb and Dumber To is exactly the Dumb and Dumber sequel that we deserve.
Seeing the two fiftysomething stars in their idiot haircuts again is a little disconcerting, like watching your favorite old band on a desperate reunion tour, but this sequel to Dumb & Dumber maintains a respectable laugh quotient.
Dumb is perfectly acceptable - uninspired is another matter entirely.
Stupendously stupid.
Too much time is dedicated to both bad jokes and funny jokes that are allowed to overstay their welcome and ultimately implode.
I'd be lying if I said this movie didn't crack me up on more than a few occasions.
Jim Carrey and Jeff Daniels haven't lost a step in in this surprisingly worthy sequel to what is arguably the greatest comedy of all time.
Did Lloyd bury his heart in Aspen? The worst thing he did to Harry in the original was drive the wrong way through the night. But then he totally redeemed himself. The sequel doesn't.
It's all played way too silly for any of it to count. For me, the biggest problem is an unfortunate by-product of getting too familiar with a comedy filmmaker.
Sad

@highlight

Dumb and Dumber To does have its moments, but not enough of them -- and the Farrelly brothers' brand of humor is nowhere near as refreshingly transgressive as it once seemed.