If you are going to remake a cult film classic, it darn well ought to be better than the original. Jean-Francois Richet apparently ignored this tidbit of Filmmaking 101 wisdom when he was putting together Assault on Precinct 13.
Assault on Precinct 13 is fun, engaging, and a little clichéd, but amongst the recent crop of bland action films for the whole family, it stands tall as an example of how to do one right.
A satisfying thriller for adults only.
A very empty experience when you pit it against Carpenter's "Assault on Precinct 13."
"Assault On Precinct 13" is a movie that tries to elaborately connect modern day police technology and methods to out-of-date aspects from John Carpenter's'70s era film. The result is that the audience is pulled from feeling like you're watching a blow-ou
A dark, exciting and enjoyable action-thriller for adolescent boys of all ages.
It's neither graceful nor disgraceful; it just functions and then is over.
An over-the-top shootout replete with foul language, gruesome killings and unnecessary subplots.
full review in Greek
At its best, though, this is witty, tense and bloody: a homage that Carpenter might appreciate.
A smart script, edgy acting and a gradual accumulation of suspense set-pieces makes for a decent popcorn high.
In its middle section, Assault on Precinct 13 manages to build up an impressive head of steam.
The central problem with this [film] is its essential uselessness. It does its job, I guess. But the job was already done a lot better a long time ago.
An idiotic remake of John Carpenter's crackerjack B thriller from 1976. Panders to the lowest common denominator by changing the original's street-gang villains to white cops.
A nifty little action movie, and well worth a look.
The film dabbles in themes of honor, trust, and self-sacrifice, but really it's just a machine built for suspense and excitement, and on those terms it's successful.
With only a few hours left in the calendar year, Precinct 13, one of Detroit's oldest precinct houses, is closing. You'll want to be there...
Fishburne even manages to make crass violence witty.
Richet's film provides more than enough entertainment in its 109 minutes
A gritty, violent journey that's about twice as good as you'd expect it to be.
It's good for a silly laugh, this stuff. And maybe this movie will draw renewed attention to Carpenter's eminently better movie.
A blast of cheesy, full throttle fun that didn't have to be made nearly as well as it was to do the job it was meant to do.
...a good, old-fashioned shoot'em up infused with today's liking for flawed, ambiguous heroes and villains who are more than just killing machines. I was pleasantly surprised.
This movie is worthy of the original.
Rudely funny and gleefully violent, the film is a wound-up genre exercise that doesn't dip even a toe into reality but is a good time if you can get past that.
Apresenta mais acertos do que erros.
...excellent action, generally good performances, and one or two genuine plot surprises.
Assault On Precinct 13 is the Tad Hamilton of 2005. What should be a forgettable genre release turns into a surprisingly watchable guilty pleasure
...attempts to update John Carpenter's 1976 no-nonsense drive-in classic--primarily by adding an enormous amount of nonsense.
Boring and tepid, it's something best forgotten about. Which you will do within an hour of seeing it.
How can these guys survive? Come and see for yourself and witness a wild battle.
A picture that has rented every fiber of its being.
a film with as much tension as the original, but far more character-based drama and psychological depth
This was perhaps an attempt to open the story up, but it only manages to slow everything down while giving us a boring, one-dimensional bad guy.
..a cocksure, stylized, gutty thrill-ride very much in the tradition of star Ethan Hawke and producer Jeffrey Silver's prior collaboration, Training Day..
The [movie's] visual signature ... is the sight of a bullet wound in the head - which, one imagines, might feel similar to the head-pounding felt after watching [it].
It is not effective as a suspense film. Aside from one or two sequences, it doesn't work at all.
delivers the action movie goods [thanks to] adroit pacing...[and] a cast of extremely capable actors.
If you need a quick fix of lots of noise, several crashes, numerous bullets- through-the-forehead close-ups, and a cast of slumming talents, run to your nearest Loews.
A fun little action movie.
Richet confidently treats the majority of the film as one long suspense sequence, punctuating the tension every so often with short bursts of action that will keep you on the edge of your seat.
A big-name, shoot 'em up shocker that achieves moments of intrigue amid spans of dullness.
Without a few characters worth rooting FOR or AGAINST, what we're left with is soft-core porn with guns instead of genitalia.
Prepare for an assault of four-letter words if you come anywhere near this criminal remake of the 1976 John Carpenter low-budget original.
Hawke and Fishburne are an excellent odd couple, with the former's honorable cop balancing the latter's confident bad boy.
As remakes go, this action thriller is a notch above the rest.
There's a sense that almost anything could happen.
You can say this is an appalling or ugly movie, but don't dare call it stupid.
A nicely nasty little suspenser works better than it should.
...a well-acted arcade game.
Richet introduces new twists and simmering character drama while avoiding pretensions to conserve the ferocity of the 1976 original.
This meat-and-potatoes dish of moviemaking is sufficiently tasty to satisfy auds hungry for old-fashioned rock-the-house action.
2005's pluckily modernized and ferociously entertaining version has enough going for it that both [this film and the original] deserve independent recognition.
It's not so much a case of being a bad movie as it is a pointless one.
And while it doesn't offer much in the way of anything new, it boasts an outstanding cast and tightly-wound direction propelling things forward to a surprisingly satisfying resolution.
A great deal of thought may have gone into the making of Assault on Precinct 13, but its tone and its rhythms are consistently out of whack.
...does do a nice job of creating action without empty effects and choreographed fights.
Instead of improving on Carpenter's film, [Richet's remake] is a wearying assault on the eyes, ears, and intelligence.
Plotholes along the way keep it from being as good as it should be
An assault to your intelligence, and an assault on your ears and eyes.
Director Jean-François Richet expertly directs the action so that the constant tension continues to escalate. All in all a fast-paced, tense, entertaining 109 minutes.
This cop remake is an Assault on the cast's respective resumes
A fairly edgy thriller that's not too demanding, but thoroughly entertaining.
It's a good old-fashioned shoot-'em-up with a few nice twists and some very good acting.
Aims to be loud, dumb fun, only it takes itself too seriously to offer anything approaching a good time.
Foremost an action picture, and an effectively brutal one.
There's a dullness to the shooting and editing of the action scenes.
My preference for the remake over the original has more to do with its harsh representation of contemporary state corruption and its unsentimental ethical distinctions than with its success as a thriller.
Trashy '70s Carpenter flick gets a startlingly good remake that's smart, swift and full of bruising good times for B-movie action fans.
A stone-solid thriller.
Restores thirteen to its place as the unluckiest number.
The element of real urgency is sadly missing.
Finally, a remake that isn't a total massacre.
The modern firepower is somehow less exciting than the smaller weaponry of 1976.
The title sort of says it all. Even though is it a rehash, Assault on Precinct 13 still assaults your senses and keeps you on the edge of your seat.
Expect no surprises from yet another needless remake.
The clash of seething, seeming opposites who really do see eye to eye, as embodied by Hawke and Fishburne, is pretty near irresistible.
The nuances which made Carpenter's movie work are missing this time around, leaving little more than just another excuse to have people shoot at one another for two hours.
I would have easily escaped, leaving Hawke popping Secondals and thinking about how to dole out the bullets. I'm that kind of woman.
Although there are a handful of surprises, mostly it's all too predictable.
I'm still trying to recover from this action film's relentless suspense.
James De Monaco's strenuously hipster script reaches for black comedy but never comes close.
It's all energetically filmed, but I miss the cool, modest clarity of the first version. Bigger isn't always better, even at the movies.
makes optimum use of a well-selected cast, all of whom put considerable energy, quirkiness and even humor into should have been two-dimensional roles.
I'm not sure why they remade this movie. All I know is that I'm glad there's a decent actioner for grownups amidst the January junk.
The film has an appropriately dark and gritty look, but it suffers from some glaring problems.
Don't avoid the new Assault on Precinct 13 because it's a remake. There are plenty of other reasons.
A testament to how a talented cast can persuade us to believe in dicey situations.
The result is still formulaic, but it's never dull.
You've got to smile at a movie that puts two key female characters in high heels and skimpy dresses and brazenly insists that it makes perfect sense that they be dressed that way for a shootout in the middle of a snowstorm.
Breaks the first and only commandment of remakes: Thou shall at the very least do justice to the original, or thou shall not be made at all.
It's an assault on the senses with plot holes an armored tank could drive through.
Fans should appreciate the remake for what it is: a breathless little revisit to that old precinct house, expertly performed.
Richet has managed to keep the suspense tight and action hard-hitting while adding considerable texture to the story and getting the most out of a strong supporting cast that includes Gabriel Byrne, Maria Bello, Brian Dennehy and John Leguizamo.
Matches a dingy urban setting with a compelling situation and throws in an ensemble of interesting characters who become even more interesting under stress.
A gritty, violent, fast-paced action film, bolstered by a more appealing and experienced cast than is usually found in such movies.
The movie is a loud, vulgar, sub-credible blunt instrument that beats on you for about two hours.
A studiously cheesy remake of John Carpenter's 1976 cult fave shoot-'em-up.
This one holds as much genuine suspense as Hollywood can manage these days.
Just duck, shoot or be shot, a bloody race to see who can be the last man standing, and maybe manage a wisecrack or two.
Making a B-movie out of an old A-movie -- which is what Carpenter did -- is smart and fun. Making an A-movie out of an old B-movie -- which is what director Jean-Francois Richet tries to do here -- is just sort of silly.
A thriller that actually thrills.
Hawke and Fishburne make it work, supported by a mostly strong cast.
The sort of remake that inspires faith in second chances.
The violence eventually overwhelms the new film's ideas -- and that's something Hawks, and even Carpenter, never let their movies get away with.
My advice is to ignore such questions and go with the flow.
A smartly assembled noir package.
This is hardly the golden age of endings anyway (most are chosen by surveys), but this ending really is an assault -- on the brain.
Richet and DeMonaco respect the original movie while adding depth to the characters and complications to the situation.
Gleefully filled with corruption, violence, paranoia, thug-speak and mayhem. It's mad, it's bad and it's bloody. Yep, it's a bonafide blast.
For those who can stand the ultra-violent content, there's something almost enthralling about the film -- until it falls apart in the final 20 minutes.
Assault can't be called great, but it has the guts to throw all its hard-core chips into the pot, which makes it almost as much of a butt-kicking novelty as Carpenter's original.
One of the few good things to be said about Assault on Precinct 13 is that, early in the new season, we get one of the year's worst movies over and done with.
What starts out as a slightly above average action movie sinks to a merely mediocre one as the eye rolls and head shakes build.
Give Assault on Precinct 13 points for originality, if nothing else. It's the only thriller in which corrupt cops chase their victims through the woods of downtown Detroit.
Though Richet stretches believability near the end, action-movie fans should assault theaters for an entertaining stay at Precinct 13.
A movie whose greatest intent seems to be indulging in as much brutality as the MPAA will allow.
Jean-François Ríchet, the director of the new Assault, is working from a script, by James DeMonaco, that creates a handful of zingy one-note lowlifes but that hasn't updated the isolated-precinct premise in a timely or thoughtful way.
The premise may be outlandish, the action unrealistic and sometimes silly and the characters formulaic. But the movie rips and roars.
For one thing, it's silly. For another, it's not always silly enough to be diverting.
Strong performances and a couple of new twists.
Jean-François Richet - by the way, could there possibly be a first name that's more French than "Jean-François?" - pounds out the tense tale with vigor and finesse.
...[a] disjointed but jolting jailhouse shoot-'em-up showcase...a frenetic and formulaic action-drama guaranteed to get the adrenaline pumping.
A ho-hum police action drama that did not merit a remake.
It's a blast... literally.
The fluidity of relationships as loyalties shift gives this story extra energy and sizzle that takes it beyond the usual shoot-out and explosion-movie standard.
Assault on Precinct 13 is sporadically effective but far too incoherent to warrant a full-blown recommendation.
Despite a fine frenetic prologue and the engrossing centerpiece assault, the third act comes apart by trying to get too complicated
It's a joy to see a gritty, take-few-prisoners film like Assault, and a relief to see it come together so magnificently.
It's an Assault on the senses.
An embarrassment for all involved.
[Assault on Precinct 13] is a surprise at a time when the studios usually dump their dreck on the poor, film-starved winter movie-goer.
...a solid genre picture of gritty mayhem and spirited characterizations
Plays more like Die Hard 2 on a budget than a remake in spirit of Carpenter's scrappy original....When the remake is so flavorless...it's time to hit the video shelves.
[A] tenth-generation Xerox of Die Hard... blurry, fuzzy, just faintly hinting at far superior movies it's trying to ape...
Amazingly, the film arrives not as a pale copy but in an adrenaline rush, an exciting and violent action film that's very much an original.
For what it is, it works well enough -- as a thriller and suspense machine, at least, it is serviceable, and technically proficient.
It provides some escapist entertainment, insofar as seeing people try to kill each other constitutes 'escapism.' (What would you be escaping from? Pleasantness?)
It's not great art, but, for B-movie fans and those looking for a mid-winter jolt of energy, it's good fun.
mock Assault on Precinct 13 for all of its scene-chewing, stinktastic glory or your head will explode in a rage.
A modest film to be sure, but that modesty still packs a satisfying punch.
Gets a ruthless grip on the audience's throat early and never lets go.
In this version of Assault on Precinct 13, the mix of one-dimensional characters and high-tech shootouts make the formula seem especially tired.
A savvy and extensive reworking of John Carpenter's 1976 cult classic of the same name.
Good, gory fun.
A polished B-movie with lots of gunfire, a sheen of craftsmanship and few pretensions to be anything it isn't.
The cheese factor is satisfying and the no-frills approach has a gut-level appeal.
Série B au concept économique, à l'exécution plutôt efficace mais pas renversante.
A surprisingly credible action flick -- even with Ethan Hawke in the role of a neurotic hipster police sergeant.
It's a surprisingly tough and unrelenting action picture.
A reasonably entertaining update of a reliable action-drama formula.
Astonishingly enough, the old chestnut is still a grabber...earning its suspense the old-fashioned way, by pacing and atmosphere rather than cheap thrills.
the primary attack being perpetrated by this 2004 version of Assault on Precinct 13 is on Carpenter's classic.
Keeps our adrenaline pumping -- and the laughs coming.
Though it lacks the wit of John Carpenter's 1976 original, there's plenty of tension as cops battle cops with the help of the jail's residents.
A dark, pleasant surprise in a month filled with bad comic book movies and racing zebras.
we learn two important lessons. One, that remakes fail, and badly, much more often than they succeed. Two, Laurence Fishburne can make even trash like this seem important
...one of the best action films I've seen in a long time.
Grounded in viscera and spit, it delivers the goods with an uncompromising nastiness.
Graphically violent and merciless...refreshingly unpretentious in its goal to entertain and put a jolt in any non-squeamish viewer sick to death of cookie-cutter genre movies.
Stars (the Carpenter version didn't have any) Ethan Hawke and Laurence Fishburne provide enough gravitas to keep things involving even as some of the supporting characters fight a losing battle with caricature.
A textbook example of why the odds of finding a good genre film are currently about equal to those of winning the lottery.
A check your mind at the door action movie, but an entertaining one.




@highlight

This remake has been praised by some as an expertly made B-movie, and dismissed by others as formulaic.