The pace is brisk - frenzied, even - the animation top-notch and the script is full of witticisms, puns ... and there are jokes aplenty for the kiddies as well as belly-busters for the grown-ups.
Thank goodness, the film-makers did not try to make sense of this spin-off from the Madagascar series by making a prequel or sequel. What they have produced is a glorious non-sequitur.
There are enough sight gags and silly jokes in Penguins of Madagascar to make children laugh. But a generation-spanning film, this one isn't.
Directed by Eric Darnell and Simon J Smith, Penguins of Madagascar is relentlessly madcap, happily all over the place, and almost awesome in its refusal to adhere to any coherence.
This movie can babysit your kids! And as the reviewer often recommends in regards to movies such as this, a good adult nap in a cineplex is an awesome thing.
Thoroughly enjoyable and unreservedly recommended.
Not a bad way to kill a few hours these holidays.
There's nothing of substance here, but there needn't be. It's just pure escapist fun, wittily delivered.
From its icily satirical start to its madcap end, this is more than a snappy, silly spin-off. It takes those cutest widdle critters, then cannon-fires them through a story cannily undercutting the cuteness factor on which so much animal animation relies.
An animated film should entertain kids, while at the same time, appeal to adults. Frequently, adults are left out of the equation. And, sometimes the action is so frenetic, that only anklebiters get anything out of it. Such is the case with POM.
Stamped out by the Hollywood animation cookie cutter, the film will no doubt please kids but, one dares suggest, adults might find the film's non-stop movement and noise somewhat tiring this time around.
Penguins of Madagascar is so verbally dexterous - and the animation by contrast little more than bright and familiar - that this could well be an adult spoof hiding out in a flick supposedly made for primary school students.
Very young children will find it hard to resist if they haven't seen too much of the Penguins posse until now.
The jokes are never-ending and multilayered, calculated so that adults do not get bored -- which is important, because they buy the tickets. It's all bolted together with precision and good humour, although not much whimsy.
Children will probably enjoy them and the animation is of a high standard. More wit and less frenetic action might have given the film more appeal to parents.
Continues the Madagascar franchise trend of being pleasantly average.
Kids are easier to please and will probably lap it up. That said, it lacks many of the endearing characters that have made this franchise so likable.
The target demographic seems to be children with short-attention spans, those who will be thrilled with the plentiful action sequences and slapstick animal antics, intended to mask a script that emphasizes low-brow mayhem over narrative coherence.
The locations - including Fort Knox, Venice and Shanghai - evoke James Bond movies, while the byplay between the Penguins and The North Wind calls to mind a host of action-movie conventions.
In Eric Darnell and Simon J. Smith's Penguins of Madagascar, irreverence is something of an understatement.
Not that much artistry, not that memorable, and no one will confuse them with the best of Pixar or even Disney. But they're just fine.
Penguins play charades, dress in lederhosen, dance Irish style & wear mermaid suits in this fast moving, high energy, witty & inventive 3d animation in themes that reinforce the importance of family
This team is a well-oiled machine, operating like an elite band of intrepid super-spies, a tiny, tuxedoed combination of James Bond, Ethan Hunt and Indiana Jones - but funnier.
Will probably divert kids with ease, given its manic exertion and pace...[but] we find out the hard way that these waddlers are better in small doses.
The four penguins come waddling at you furiously in this spin-off from the popular "Madagascar" franchise.
The gag rate really is something to behold, ensuring this has more in common with old Looney Tunes cartoons or the screwball sensibility of Tina Fey's sitcom 30 Rock than its Pixar-chasing forebears.
Barely bothering to make sense, this is fast and furious but also flightless.
Like Benedict Cumberbatch's unique pronunciation of the word "penguin", the result remains oddly entertaining.
The animation is good enough but never remarkable. The story is satisfactory, if short on imagination. But the jokes are magnificent throughout.
Entertaining Madagascar spin-off mixes peril and humor.
Gloriously bonkers. Like, Looney Tunes levels of cartoon madness. You will laugh your homo sapien head off.
Penguins of Madagascar is an unexpected pleasure, a 3D kids' animated feature that combines a wildly inventive visual style with enough in-jokes and self-reflexive references to keep film- loving adults happy, too.
An amusing voice cameo from Werner Herzog sets the comedy bar high, but although the high-energy hi-jinks thrill the younger members of the audience, there is less to engage their accompanying adults.
These flightless, feathered funsters may be flipper-flapping above their own weight and shooting fish in a barrel, but if you laugh - and you will laugh - it's mission accomplished.
There are enough mirthful moments - many splendidly surreal - to make this a trip worth taking.
It was only a matter of time before the little fellahs got their own movie...and the good news is that it doesn't disappoint.
At last: they're upgraded to the starring roles they deserved all along.
The beginning of Penguins of Madagascar is so funny it makes you almost weep.
The silliest spin-off this side of Elektra, and lots of fun with it.
As memorable as the 5384th Cheese Dibble you ate.
This is not high art, but it is highly entertaining.
Penguins of Madagascar is a great film for the kiddies and a pain-free ninety-minutes for their parents.
Subtle, yet silly, with enough frivolity to amuse its intended small-fry audience...
Penguins of Madagascar passes the time pleasantly without expanding the franchise's universe in a particularly imaginative or challenging way.
Frantic and silly.
Penguins Of Madagascar itself seems like a plot to train kids to like the blockbusters of tomorrow, priming them through sensory overload.
Parents might find their patience wearing thin towards the end but smaller kids should gobble it down. It hits them with such a barrage of slapstick and madcap action they'll never notice they're being told the same joke over and over again.
Restoring some old-fashioned silliness into animated filmmaking, Penguins is a frequently hilarious and exciting effort that hands these tiny action heroes a big screen adventure worthy of their wonderful idiosyncrasy.
Following the absurd humour and Red Bull energy of series peak Europe's Most Wanted, Penguins Of Madagascar is just a deflated return to the franchise's blah beginnings.
"Penguins of Madagascar" is hugely entertaining for kids, and adults should be mildly amused. However, I'm not convinced that paying extra for the 3-D version is necessary.
Forget the boring other Madagascar movies with the lion and his friends. This one is hilarious. And it's a blast in ordinary two-dimensions or in glorious 3D.
These penguins really are cute, the animation is consistently appealing, and the movie is obviously bound for megamoolah at the box office.
Thanksgiving is a time for family and for shirking work, and out of respect for both traditions-and in recognition that I am surely not in the movie's demographic sweet spot-I'm handing the heavy lifting over to my kids, Tom (11) and Alexandra (9).
Its stars didn't need their own movie, but there's enough kid-friendly wit and non-stop humor to justify Penguins of Madagascar's existence.
The Penguins of Madagascar doesn't have the high points of other animated films, they can't match it in one specific area: Sheer, chaotic comedy craziness right out of the classic old-school whack-with-a-frying-pan animation playbook.
The frenzied plotting is the equivalent of a sugar rush that wears off quickly.
"Penguins of Madagascar" is a passible, inoffensive addition to DreamWorks Animation's canon, even if there's a faint whiff of a North Wind spin-off sullying the contained story.
Directors Eric Darnell and Simon J. Smith keep up a headlong pace -- if one joke or sight gag misfires, there'll be another one soon.
Leaving the cute to the bigger kids on the block, with this movie, Dreamworks is opting for pure crazy. And sure enough, the strategy, this time anyway, has paid off in the most unnatural dividend imaginable: darned if these penguins don't fly.
Penguins of Madagascar will make you weep with its short attention span pacing, but you'll be laughing too much to care.
Penguins of Madagascar aims primarily for the kiddies, racing from one frenetic action sequence to another like some haywire Walter Lantz cartoon.
Penguins of Madagascar is an injection of sugar direct to the pineal gland and woe betide any parent who tries to get their children to take a nap after seeing it.
In pacing and attitude, Penguins of Madagascar is about as far away from Frozen as possible, even though they have tundra conditions in common. Call them polar opposites, a terrible pun and precisely the sort of humor employed here.
You have to respect a kids' cartoon that kicks off with a Werner Herzog joke - even one so willfully, wondrously stupid and lighthearted as Penguins of Madagascar.
The result is a supremely silly, energetically entertaining enterprise from start to finish.
Even if the humor is a little too smart and a tad too vulgar for the G-rated crowd, Penguins should still be a safe option for the whole family.
The pacing is so zany, the jokes are so rapid-fire and the sight gags are so inspired that it's impossible not to get caught up in the infectious energy of it all.
If, as they say in the theater, dying is easy but comedy is hard, silly comedy may be the hardest of all, but here it is done to perfection.
It's certainly entertaining and engaging enough to earn a recommendation. (Full Content Review -- Sex, Profanity, etc. -- for Parents also available)
Since the penguins never had to carry a Madagascar movie, it was easier for them to steal one. Now they have their own movie, and who steals it? No one, as it turns out.
The film moves so fast, failed jokes are forgotten easily, and its commitment to daffiness strikes the right chord. And, oh yes: Even computer-generated penguins really are just the cutest.
While "Madagascar"'s young faithful will likely get the most out of this flick, even they are likely to find they prefer these penguins in smaller doses.
May the sequels commence.
It may be a case of damning with faint praise to say that Penguins of Madagascar never really gets a chance to bore, since it never slows down.
If Penn-wings of Madagascar has a certain machine-made feel about it (and it does), that doesn't mean attention hasn't been paid to the animation.
This is sheer, unadulterated fun. You don't need to be a kid to enjoy Penguins of Madagascar.
As if the great animation and first-rate writing weren't enough, the film offers a sweet lesson about how everyone has a purpose, no matter how small.
Plays like a sampler of Dreamworks Animation's worst creative impulses: sugar-rush pacing, pandering meta-gags, and a slick, flavorless animation style.
Penguin power! Submit to it. Resistance is futile.
Passable entertainment if you're 7. Otherwise, frenzied and aimless.
wears its focus grouped garishness like a point of pride
However, even with all of well-intentioned references and good humor, Penguins doesn't break new ground. The film is fun, light-hearted fare that could be watched in the comfort of a long car ride to Grandma's house.
The story, like everything else, tries to do too much. It's an origins story, a mission impossible, a coming-of-age saga, a revenge story.
Beyond some imagery, we don't get much that's bigger or better than on TV. Nothing narratively richer, certainly.
This isn't phenomenal, transcendent animated cinema, but it's also pretty fun if you're just looking for surface-level silliness with a handful of clever gags and a lot of word play.
All the glossy, kinetic animation and inventive action sequences get lost in the gag machine. The film throws jokes out like a tennis-ball machine on the fritz: gross humor, slapstick pratfalls, bizarre non sequiturs.
A delightfully silly star turn for this quartet of absurd little birds, who operate as a team of commandos.
Overall, "Penguins of Madagascar" is quick, silly, and enjoyable, which is about all you could ask for.
A relentless procession of animated mayhem that has little to do with classical storytelling, and everything to do with the imperative of cynically pandering to short attention spans.
A lazy, noisy ADHD-addled collection of animated clichés guaranteed to give anyone older than 5 a headache, even if you don't see it in optional 3-D.
Once again the Madagascar team have come up with a winner -- a nice way to kick off the Thanksgiving and holiday filmgoing experience for the whole family.
I'm cynical enough to believe there's a cuteness-to-pop-culture-reference algorithm at play - but it doesn't matter, as long as we're laughing.
The unfunny, unmoving, and uninspired Penguins never persuades us of its need to exist.
The lack of originality is offset by sheer silliness, including Classified and Skipper's Abbott and Costello-style argument over whether there's a long I in "diversion." The word fits the movie.
If you are up for laughs and a bunch of silliness, you may well enjoy the good times these PENGUINS have to offer.
Hell, it starts with a Werner Herzog joke. You know, for the kids.
This is a joyless, frenetic film that is very rarely funny.
Penguins of Madagascar moves at full throttle, a pace kids will love but which may become exhausting for their adult companions.
Frenetic and frequently funny, Penguins Of Madagascar represents the DreamWorks Animation franchise style -- which boils down to self-aware, but naïve, talking animals who learn kid-friendly life lessons -- at its most palatable.
Overexposed? Overly cute? And cuddly? Sure. Bottom line? Funny is funny, and these guys are hilarious.
It could be a solid favorite. For viewers under 12, that is.
Granted, it's no classic, but a sassy script and good-natured voice work from Benedict Cumberbatch and John Malkovich should keep kids and grownups entertained over the holidays.
It does well to put more focus on delivering a plethora of jokes, imitations, zippy repartee, and sight gags than its plot's familiar machinations.
It is not so much "bad" as it is stunningly indifferent to providing anything beyond occasional surface-level entertainment value.
While there are plenty of madcap antics to fill a feature, all that manic energy ultimately proves to be more exhausting than exhilarating.
A limp attempt at cute and cuddly international intrigue.
A lightweight 3D animated comedy-adventure that barely takes a breath during its ninety minutes of silly fun.

@highlight

Penguins of Madagascar is fast and brightly colored enough to entertain small children, but too frantically silly to offer real filmgoing fun for the whole family.