Magic Mike is less strip than strip search, its aesthetic thrills giving way to a probing and deceptively simple study of characters wresting with their limitations.
... the real stand out is Matthew McConaughey, who throws himself into the role of stripper-turned-MC Dallas.
While it is based in a kernel of a potentially compelling idea, Magic Mike feels rushed, unplanned and-pardon-half-assed.
Despite my still-firm stance that real-life male exotic dancers are more humorous and depressing than sexy, the movie surprised me.
Magic Mike might not have a lot to say about its characters or the male stripping industry, but the flashing bottoms, pelvic thrusts and toned six-packs that Soderbergh does deliver sure are a lot of fun.
Matthew McConaughey uses the drawling, at times oily charm to play a low-rent impresario determined to move his weekend enterprise into prime-time Miami and he's superb, and yet it's Tatum who impresses here.
Ladies of the world, just watch some porn. I promise it's a lot more satisfying than Magic Mike.
[A] perfect storm of marketability and smart, inventive avant-garde cinema - a resourceful character piece built upon a cacophony of cinematic contrast.
Once you get past the thongs, the uniforms, and the sleek choreographed stripping dance routines -- admittedly, the main attraction of Magic Mike for most audiences -- it's just another day at the office for Steven Soderbergh
The sexy mischief and the darkness and the earnest character beats all fit together in one terrifically entertaining, perfectly pitched success.
Raucous, funny and disgracefully entertaining.
Musings on the nature of capitalism wrapped in a very pretty package ... Magic Mike is a film for adventurous audiences of all persuasions.
Some wildly entertaining dancing (and stripping) underscores several impressive performances.
Steven Soderbergh has made a movie that works as both intimate character study and party film.
Magic Mike takes a familiar story and transforms it into something modern, unique and beautiful to look at (and I'm not just talking beefcakes, here).
Engaging and sensitive
I never imagined that I would see The Full Monty re-envisioned by the Oscar winning director of Erin Brokovich and Traffic. But yup, here you have it: Steven Soderberg has created his stripping opus.
Magic Mike is far from perfect, but that's the fun. Whether you think Soderbergh is winking at the audience or the movie is "so bad it's good," Magic Mike is one heck of a good time at the movies.
It's good to have another Soderbergh movie, and one that's completely different from anything he's done before. But beneath the magic, "Mike" is ultimately meh.
A vanilla panorama of beefcake for rent
Soderbergh lets scenes develop in a raw, natural way that makes the stripping scenes hilariously entertaining to watch
It's "Showgirls" for girls, but with its camp knob tuned to a much more tolerable and skilled frequency... It's pretty awesome
Magic Mike is just fun, and it's fun because it's good.
I was gunning for Showgirls only as Show Boys. Instead director Steven Soderbergh did something normal and classy, which are two words I associate with his other films and did not want to describe this film.
Reigning men on a physical, philosophical and psychological level, Steven Soderbergh's Magic Mike also completes the transformation of Channing Tatum from mumbling toy-boy to thinking man's beefcake.
As Mike, Tatum is a pillar of integrity, a hard-working stud with his eyes on the end game.
... the director, the unpredictable Steven Soderbergh, gives the clichés a surface gloss of credibility.
What works in the movie are its cast, locale, and unique milieu. We're shown the behind-the-scenes workings ... the same way we become privy to the workings of wrestling in The Wrestler, although it's obviously much, much more fun being a stripper.
The crotch fireworks from the dance sequences are huge but once they settle the plot is as thin as a piece of material going up a male exotic dancer's backside.
...the meandering atmosphere [is] eventually (and perhaps inevitably) exacerbated by a reliance on eye-rollingly hackneyed elements and plot developments.
After its overly drawn out introduction (featuring far too much stripping), the movie rushes in its final stages.
You go to see seven spectacularly formed male bodies but the movie turns out to be all sculpted, too. Soderbergh's best film since Erin Brockovich
Come for the half-naked hunky guys, stay for the expertly crafted story and gorgeous direction. No, I said "direction", now get your mind out of the gutter.
Thankfully, there's enough of a decent story shoe-horned in between all the gyrations and abdominal close-ups to keep Magic Mike from turning into an unofficial update of The Full Monty.
Magic Mike is solid if slight, with some good laughs, interesting characters and career-best turns from Tatum and McConaughey.
Magic Mike isn't going for heart like The Fully Monty; it's going for titillation, with a small side of post-GFC commentary if you care to look.
Magic Mike works with a Boogie Nights-esque structure, showcasing a glowing cash-strewn catwalk empire before eventually urinating all over it.
Magic Mike features great performances from Tatum and McConaughey; it's well guided by the assured directorial eye of Soderbergh but the slavishly conventional resolution made me keep the larger bills in my pocket.
The boy can move, and, in news that will be only barely significant to much of the audience, can act pretty well too.
On the scale of chick flicks, Magic Mike is probably a 10, combining large quantities of male stripping action in a nightclub setting and a soppy romantic tale
Plenty of entertainment value and some titillation especially for female audiences, even if it does not quite provide the orgasmic hit we crave
Dropping dollar bills on a bank loan officer's desk is more humiliating than tucking them into a dancer's G-string in this wily crowd-pleaser...
Gah, bare flesh pecs on screen drool cup need quick!!
Tatum elevates to star level with this performance. He gives his all (and his clothes) to the energetic stripper routines, but he adds a surprising emotional punch to the drama.
Certainly delivers on its promise to titillate but doesn't offer anything much different than the 1981 TV movie For Ladies Only -- audiences apparently still craving the same old song and lapdance.
Steven Soderbergh follows the by the numbers Haywire with a flashily choreographed but ultimately, emotionally flat look at the world of male strippers.
Go in search of hen-party diversions and you will be disappointed. Venture out in search of blotched, stylish pseudo-realism and you should be modestly satisfied.
The film isn't especially original and takes few real risks.
Steven Soderbergh's guilty-pleasure for sexually frustrated housewives fails to accomplish its modest thematic aspirations.
Easily the best film ever made about male strippers.
It's a good behind-the-scenes film that becomes a little ordinary in the end. Loved Matthew McConaughey, though I'm not convinced he knew the cameras were rolling.
Sexy Fun
When you realise how anodyne and banal the plot is becoming, it's a disappointment - but the plot is hardly the point.
Director Steven Soderbergh lays bare this tragically empty existence populated by lost souls. And a lot of toned male torsos.
While watching "Magic Mike," which plunges into the false glamour of male strippers, you search in vain for a reason why you're there.
But after a raunchy ad campaign will director Steven Soderbergh's strip show prove to be an entertaining expose or a disappointing cover-up?
Like all Soderbergh's best films, from sex, lies, and videotape onwards, Magic Mike is a kind of interactive text.
It's a well-handled, engaging, lightweight picture.
Magic Mike is raucous, often ludicrously indecent and quite likely to send home women home thinking they've just had the cheapest hen night out in history.
It finds its charm not so much in originality as in sly dialogue; cinematography as slinky and energetic as its dance routines; and two very effective lead turns.
There's a lot more than banana hammocks and vigorous thrusting ...
A magnificent hybrid of clever and comical that very few directors could pull off.
Impressively directed and superbly edited, this is a hugely entertaining drama with a strong script and terrific performances from Channing Tatum and Matthew McConaughey...
The cast are terrific. McConaughey's a law unto himself as the semi-crazed ringmaster and he gets his own show-stopping moment on stage.
It represents a triumph of Hollywood marketing, which has successfully presented it as the ultimate girls'-night-out flick. But is it a triumph for the director?
Boogie (nights) wonderland.
A mess of Soderberghian devices so dense that it must surely be considered his definitive work.
...meanders on and on and on with no place to go, or even pass through, interspersed with enough male pelvic thrusts to last several lifetimes.
This is terrific entertainment with a sideline in wry melancholia and testosterone-fuelled philosophy.
Less of a Saturday Night Fever and more of a Friday evening shrug.
For all the titillation the stripping scenes may have for the film's core audience, Magic Mike also has a well-told story worth telling.
It's not a major Soderbergh project, on paper, but it transcends every possible expectation, and his wrangling of the cast is so impressive that just about everyone comes out smelling of roses. Well, roses and baby oil.
While (director Soderbergh) does fine work with what he's given, it ultimately amounts to little of substance. You may be able to pad a stripper's pouch but not this film's barely mediocre script.
A traditional love story, combined with raunchy male stripping routines, makes for a strange combination, but it works.
Channing Tatum makes great eye candy for the ladies but the plot of the movie is a downer.
Despite the tawdry strip scenes, Soderbergh has actually returned to his roots when he rocked the independent film scene with sex, lies and videotape.
A raunchy R-rated beefcake feast
The closest thing to a crowdpleaser that [Soderbergh] has put his name to in a great many years.
The promised goods are delivered within reason...and Tatum and McConaughey provide enough sexy charm for the ladies and self-satirical charm for the guys that most viewers should be entertained.
A late turn for would-be weightiness is as unconvincing as it is abrupt.
Shows some life onstage, but off is dull soap opera.
A good script, sure direction, and a star turn by Tatum may not be enough to make it 'the Citizen Kane of stripper movies' but you do get isn't half bad.
Soderbergh has created a spicy yet lucid, surgingly high-energy yet smartly modernistic musical.
The best movie about dudes disrobing since Brokeback Mountain.
Soderbergh's talent cannot elevate this woefully shallow drama about the rise and fall of a pair of male strippers, which serves merely as eye candy for a select audience that only goes skin deep.
The eye candy is worth every penny of your ticket price.
Soderbergh walks the line and comes up with a film that is surprisingly fun and entertaining. "Magic Mike" is the kind of chick flick that morphs well into a date flick.
Soderbergh colors freely in the margins and delivers a movie that's a little darker and a little deeper than all the glittery thongs would suggest.
Soderbergh titillates the demographic, and does little else
Too long and dramatically flaccid. It's well-shot and initially compelling, but ultimately suffers from style over substance.
It's a skin-deep movie of skin-deep characters, but it's rowdy, beautifully made and good hearted.
Tatum, whose talents have been the subject of debate, also makes Mike genuinely affecting, not to mention articulate within the bounds of a sketchy script.
Tatum nails his role.
See it with someone you might feel like dry humping later.
Does a better job of mixing Chippendales-style guilty pleasures with reality-based cautionary tales than you might expect.
if McConaughey got any better at playing himself he might cause some sort of paradox.
This is destined to be either embraced as "real" and "authentic" or condemned as lacking a certain erotic quality, especially in the man meat department.
Soderbergh wisely directs the film in the same vein as some of the great dark dramas from the 70's, like SATURDAY NIGHT FEVER and (especially) THE GAMBLER.
This update on the sordid world of male strippers doesn't offer much in the way of an earth-shattering revelation, but it sure does provide some very enticing eye candy for the ladies.
I expected more from director Steven Soderbergh. Surely the world of male erotic dancing has darker sides to explore, but then, why ruin a good strip tease?
Eventually, 'Magic Mike' just peters out.
Strippers R Us: Channing Tatum brings everyman charm to Steven Soderbergh's Magic Mike.
Director Steven Soderbergh uses every trick in the book to keep the movie visually interesting; the editing is particularly dynamic. But it's difficult to care about these characters.
A fun, ribald time that's also a a nuanced take on a man who is all-too aware of what his life is missing.
The dance numbers, choreographed by Allison Faulk, are inventive and athletic, but not really erotic; Soderbergh never lets you forget that, for these men, dancing is above all a job.
Despite all these old chestnuts, Soderbergh turns in a fresh film. He's less interested in hitting the plot points as he is exploring the spaces between.
Works half a movie. The other half has too much Mike and not close to enough magic.
Magic Mike has a conventional structure, yet a teasing question percolates beneath: If selling yourself is as much fun as this movie makes it look, what could be wrong with it?
Soderbergh pulls out every trick in the book to make Magic mean something beyond its parade of shaved backs and tanned buttocks, but it's a lost cause, endeavoring to bring meaning to material best appreciated for its surface appeal.
The unease builds imperceptibly, until what seemed ecstatic and liberating early in the film becomes profoundly disquieting. The precision with which Soderbergh executes this shift is astounding.
Soderbergh and Tatum concurrently knock us out with some highly impressive moves both behind and in front of the camera.
Soderbergh's film clears a new space for the playing out of human dreams and desires.
If you're looking for a romance with 100 percent prime beefcake? Get your singles out and ready, ladies. "Magic Mike" is in the house.
Horrible. No story, overt homoeroticism, and the death-knell for McConaughey. Is this the same director who did the fabulous HAYWIRE?
Channing Tatum impresses by taking the stage flipping and gyrating for the screaming women in the audience. Chicks will love it!
I'm just surprised the film wasn't shot and presented in 3D to take full advantage of all those oiled-up six pack abs and bare bottoms. (Full Content Parental Review also available)
(Tatum) builds on the comedic goodwill he earned with this year's "21 Jump Street" and also proves himself one hell of a dancer.
Unlike Showgirls, the men are in on the joke, making all the Village People-inspired numbers hella fun.
Soderbergh's direction - he's also the cinematographer - is largely loose-limbed, the film enlivened with bravura moments, including a decidedly spacey, eye-twisting orgy scene near the end.
What Soderbergh and producer/star Tatum are shooting for here is a portrait of a subculture, and that portrait crackles with energy.
It's one of the year's best surprises, and so is its frequently underrated star.
Steven Soderbergh's breezy dramedy serves up something for every taste.
It's a nicely balanced blend of comedy, drama and athletic dancing that plies its trade with winking, unforced self-assurance.
This movie is so cheesy and beefy they ought to sell it at Taco Bell.
If you're expecting any frontal nudity, you'd be disappointed. Although there is a quick shocking moment of a fluffing device, it's not like the frontal nudity in the last of the "American Pie" movies, or other R-rated movies. It doesn't go that far.
...a near-miss, with a few good performances and enough power to hold your interest for a while before finally running out of steam.
When the lights are up, you've got both Tatum and McConaughey burning up the screen and an engaging love story that is well crafted thanks to a very talented director.
Cheerful stripper comedy is too sexy, mature for kids.
Strange as it may sound, Magic Mike's male stripper money shots are less a celebration of Tatum and company's impressive pecs and abs and more the jaded reflections of an artist who's lost faith in his career choices.
If the final act of Magic Mike does become more of a straightforward morality tale, it's not without having established the particulars of the characters' motives.
those weren't magic wands that those guys were holding, though many of the women at the screening I attended seemed inclined to disagree.
Softer than expected but more involving than some may be anticipating, "Magic Mike" squeaks by on its own low-key, sneakily perceptive accord.
What takes this out of the category of fluff is the way the story is unaffectedly located in the reality of the economic struggles of the area and our time.
You can almost see director Steven Soderbergh at odds with himself, torn between making a mainstream film or a gritty indie, and ultimately doing neither.
"Magic Mike" is so much better than it needs to be that it's sick.
It's medium-strength Soderbergh, which is better than the full-strength stuff most filmmakers can manage but not exactly the brand that keeps you coming back for more.
An entertaining workplace comedy with a dark (and well-oiled) underbelly and some predictable romance to leaven the raunch and swagger.
At the very least, it is exceptional and one of the best and most original pictures to come along in 2012.
Females rejoice! Your Avengers is here!
I really enjoyed the movie. Solid cast, great performance by Tanning and Soderbergh's style makes you feel at ease when you shouldn't. If you have a problem watching a movie about male strippers, pretend they're comedians, pretend they're magicians.
Magic Mike is sure to be one of the guilty pleasures of the summer. To paraphrase the old Dorothy Arzner movie: Dance, boys, dance.
If filmmaker Soderbergh had paid as much attention to relationship dynamics as he does to dance number mechanics, this film would have gotten closer to living up to the magic in its name.
Half wish-fulfillment fantasy, half after-school special, Magic Mike is in many ways an unserious movie -- but like many of Soderbergh's slicker entertainments, it's not without its moments of substance.
Riddled with show-biz clichés, stick-figure studs and re-heated ideas, Magic Mike thrusts its junk in your face despite having a very empty G-string.
A weirdly guilty pleasure.
A smoothly distilled collaboration that balances Mr. Tatum's heat and charm - and ambitions that are as transparent as Mike's - with Mr. Soderbergh's cool, cinematic intelligence and ongoing preoccupations.
Though Tatum's moves will put butts in the seats, it's his blues that brings a surprisingly dramatic twist to all that sweaty flesh.
The film's portrait of self-delusion and gradual awakening makes for compelling viewing, even if it's eventually somewhat undercut by a pop-romance ending that seems undeservedly tidy.
It's a lighthearted girls' night out movie and a funhouse mirror turned on American sexual attitudes and economic anxieties.
Target missed, opportunity lost.
Tatum easily holds the screen whether's he's showing off those old hip hop moves or flustering female customers and loan officers. He's a hustler with a heart.
The dramatic cop-out, like the incomplete finish of a strip-tease, is a little disappointing...But the movie has its compensations.
Once you get past the idea that "Magic Mike" is not the breezy, bawdy comedy of its marketing campaign, there's lots to like.
I could barely hear the dialogue for the screams of the women. I think they were women.
What sets "Magic Mike" apart is that the hotness is equaled - occasionally even surpassed - by the humor.
Director Steven Soderbergh makes sure his movie about male strippers is packed with pecs. But there's plenty more beneath its well-oiled surface.
I wouldn't say "Magic Mike" has gravitas, but Soderbergh gives it enough grit to keep it from turning into "Showgirls."
Soderbergh's creative shot composition and off-kilter pacing elevate some of the story's prosaic elements, but he doesn't take enough narrative or stylistic chances.
Fans of beefcake won't be disappointed- but for everyone else, it's expertly staged and absolutely hilarious
The first part of the film is raunchy fun, but Magic Mike slowly degenerates into a simplistic cautionary fable.
It's guilty of some sleight-of-hand hokum, but in pulling the rug from under the norm, "Magic Mike" turns a trick.
...most interesting for Channing Tatum's performance and the way director Steven Soderbergh emphasizes an overall air of economic desperation.
While the ads are selling it as a romp (and crowds include Girls' Night Out groups), the movie turns in some grim but too obvious directions.
It's as if Soderbergh expects the film to mostly resolve itself, rounded out by the asses-in-the-seats appeal of the material, rote thematic underpinning, and ample charms of the cast.
Unexpectedly revealing. A funny and often sad portrait of temporary living, featuring some of its cast members' best work.
A movie in which the most nuanced performance is given by a body part has real problems.
Soderbergh brings a surprisingly light touch to a movie that boasts heart and affection for its characters.
Magic Mike may carry a big shtick, but it speaks softly in unexpected ways.
Soderbergh, Tatum and McConaughey strip this world of glitter and body oils. They let us know that for all the supposed fringe benefits, these guys work hard for the money...
Magic Mike looks great, and Soderbergh's offhand approach to composition cuts through some of the clichés.
Purest corn, "Magic Mike" nonetheless has a human pulse and a sense of humor to go along with its willingness to entertain.
"Magic Mike" starts as fun and grows steadily darker; Soderbergh and cast tell a realistic, vivid story.
... they've got something really charming and smart here, and it deserves to be one of Soderbergh's biggest hits in years.
What's probably most impressive about the work Steven Soderbergh does, directing from Reid Carolin's script, is that it's got the glitz and the heavy character study, without sacrificing either.
It's hard to think of a movie in which Steven Soderbergh has loved his characters as much as he does in "Magic Mike." The affection is contagious.
I think "Magic Mike" is a fascinating film, one of [Soderbergh's] best in recent years.
For a movie about guys taking their clothes off, Magic Mike is rather tame, and rather dull. Magic it certainly ain't.
[It feels] curiously rudderless, its off-stage journey pale and enervated in contrast with the cheesy, ebullient dance numbers it makes room for.
For those who want to surrender to a good time, let these well-drawn fellas and Soderbergh's attention to detail entertain you.
A perfectly solid film but you don't walk away feeling like you've gotten the entire story about what it's like to be in this world.
Steven Soderbergh's funny, exhilarating, down-and-dirty celebration of a different breed of costumed superstud...
Like any good strip tease, the film has a way of clouding your judgment. Though it may not have you throwing dollar bills at the screen, it is likely to leave a smile on your face.
Magic Mike is an allegory and its appeal lies in part in its message. You don't have to be a stripper to recognize what the filmmakers are saying.
'Magic Mike' might be an exploitation picture, sure, but in the way 'Two-Lane Blacktop' delights car enthusiasts or 'Fat City' is for boxing fans.
Even when Magic Mike is skimpier than a g-string it soars on daring, as if Soderbergh asked himself who could possibly make a good movie from such offbeat material, answered "I can," and did.
To say this is a movie about male strippers is to say Boogie Nights is a movie about porn. Steven Soderberg has delivered a mostly thoughtful, funny, beautifully edited story.
"Magic Mike" has much in common with previous Soderbergh efforts in that it glides along at a terrifically entertaining pace.
A breezy, slyly noncholant romp through the world of male strip revue. The bold men of Mike leave it on the floor ... and by "it" I mean "your panties".
McConaughey goes for broke, rolling and writhing on the stage while women grab at him and throw cash. I would've handed over my credit card.
Shoulda been big fun, but a deadly combination of no script and a strange lack of sexiness renders this male-stripper tale an aimless, although very commercially calculated, bore.
Come for the stripping, stay for the high-caliber filmmaking.
Certainly makes due in the eye candy department, but also actually boasts impressive performances, moving storylines and even a very visceral tone.
If Magic Mike doesn't quite attain the hedonistic stature of twin cautionary tales Boogie Nights and the campy Showgirls, it can't be faulted for wanting to satisfy on a deeper level.
The few moments wherein Magic Mike calls American institutions into question are undercut and overshadowed by the film's dated insistence on the dream of legitimacy.
[Tatum is] just mesmerizing: confident, creative, acrobatic and, above all, seductive. `Cause that's the whole point.
Soderbergh's most enjoyable film in a decade offers the same kind of raunchy and visual pleasures we derived from iconic tales like Saturday Night Fever and Boogie Nights, which also depict distinctive subcultures.
I know, you don't just want to make the male stripping movie, but if you fill your story with banal clichés, you might as well just make the stripping movie.
By way of remarkable sleight-of-hand, Steven Soderbergh's Magic Mike both is and is not the freewheeling, fun-loving, male stripper extravaganza its trailers peddle.
A compelling character study not to be missed, if only to witness the gutsy, career performance delivered by the ever-improving Channing Tatum.
Arguably the raunchiest, funniest and most enjoyably nonjudgmental American movie about selling sex since Boogie Nights, its obvious if considerably darker precursor.
Tatum, Soderbergh and team appreciate the real reason audiences showed up, and the film provides just enough character and plot to validate the plentiful pecs and abundant buns that serve as its main attraction.
Soderbergh gives the film a distinctive look and an almost verité feel that produces some effective sequences over the story's early stages.

@highlight

Magic Mike 's sensitive direction, smart screenplay, and strong performances allow audiences to have their beefcake and eat it too.