Given the pedigree of the cast... it's such a shame that The Conspirator is, for the most part, a run-of-the-mill courtroom drama.
Robert Redford teams with The American Film Company for The Conspirator, a project better left to the History Channel than the big screen.
Wonderfully cast and carefully shot, there's barely a hint of a great filmmaker working with a fraction of his normal budget in this period piece...
If nothing else, this is certain to have a long life playing in middle school history classes for decades to come.
The Conspirator deserves a lot more praise than it got on initial release: yes it is slow in parts and even provocatively tentative, but it is intricately crafted, a wonderful example of precision and attention to detail.
full review at Movies for the Masses
While the film is pretty heavy-handed in framing the story in political terms, it is a compelling historical drama that will be news to many Americans.
The Conspirator conveys the heaviness of its story and its setting -- a torn nation desperate to heal the lingering wounds on both sides after the close of the Civil War.
A talky and often-stodgy film that will please history buffs but leave ordinary viewers a touch cold.
Not one to shy away from political themes (after all, he starred in "The Candidate," "All the President's Men" and "Lions for Lambs,"...Redford can't help but make us think about the times we live in now.
The first half hour feels too much like a history lesson but from thereon in, The Conspirator is a compelling drama.
Robert Redford's courtroom drama about the trial of Mary Surratt after the assassination of Abraham Lincoln is both a gripping drama and a rather stuffy flag-waving exercise.
This does not feel like a real movie. It is an 'epic' along the lines of Entourage's Medellin, or 30 Rock's The Rural Juror.
It works on every level as an engaging drama with high stakes
A fascinating piece of history gets buried in the telling of this rather turgid courtroom drama that explores issues of principle, justice and protecting the rights of the innocent
Drama offers a fresh twist on an infamous episode in American history
Superb performances from James McAvoy and Robin Wright Penn alongside an increasingly focused narrative ensure that The Conspirator ultimately proves to be a rewarding experience with a powerful message.
Redford sows the seeds of the film's downfall early on by botching the killing itself. It's confusing, badly constructed and lacking in both purpose and tension.
With its dense examination of legal philosophy, it's probably going to interest law graduates more than anyone else, but for the patient viewer, The Conspirator is a treat of performance and benefits from Robert Redford's typically stately direction.
What should be an exciting courtoom thriller with intriguing contemporary parallels plays likes laborious and self-important TV movie.
It unfurls as a stodgy courtroom drama, in which everyone looks like an early photograph.
[H]andsomely mounted and features the sort of prestige cast to make your film-geek heart ache, which makes it even more disappointing when so many most excellent parts fail to congeal into a satisfying whole...
This may be a talky court drama, competent rather than inspired, but the fact that it is based on truth lends its argument force.
A solid, if tub-thumping, courtroom drama exploring a little-known chapter of US history.
Lengthy but reasonably satisfying courtroom drama.
A handsome costume drama graced with sensitive performances and a strong central idea.
A very stately, bland piece of work, perhaps best shown to high school history classes.
Makes you pause and consider, not the fragility of justice and human rights in extreme circumstances, but the fusty and enfeebled condition to which Robert Redford's filmmaking has sunk.
The story is pretty fascinating, although the film is so parched that it rarely comes alive
An opportunity to learn more about Lincoln's life is lost for all ages.
The acting from the top-notch cast is good. So, too, is the attention to period detail. The whole thing is just a little dry and ponderous.
American studies A-level students will find all this useful, and Redford's son is less likely to ask the director, as he reportedly did during the filming of The Horse Whisperer: "Why are you doing this crap?"
With impeccable production design and an obviously well researched script, this is a worthy if slightly dull period courtroom drama that's ultimately worth seeing for strong performances from its impressive cast.
Inoffensively didactic and probably of niche appeal in the UK, this is like watching a convincing re-enactment video in history class that's unexpectedly performed by a famous cast of genuine quality.
It certainly questions the honesty of the hackneyed phrase land of the free.
The most anarchic scene is Johnson and Aiken having a meeting while one of them goes to the bathroom. Yet the subject at hand may be involving enough to keep you engrossed.
A solid historical drama that carries a few too many political messages.
The slow pace and endless long shots of men walking purposefully test the patience of even the most willing viewer.
It's like someone handed screenwriter James D. Solomon and director Robert Redford a gong marked "Guantanamo Bay" so they could strike it over and over for two hours.
It's mechanically written.
...an earnest yet surprisingly entertaining courtroom drama about the trial of Mary Surratt
"The most bored I've been at the movies this year"
Atmospheric, illuminating and affecting, The Conspirator captivates like an untold story -- one that you can't believe you've never heard until now, and won't soon forget.
... a talking-heads lecture that seldom catches fire as compelling drama or historical narrative.
In the film's story, which is Aiken's story, Mary and Anna embody both the problem and the possible solution.
Ultimately, The Conspirator showcases a lead actor in search of a better movie and fascinating source material worthy of a grander vision.
In the context of a social studies class, The Conspirator would make for a fascinating, informative two hours; on the big screen, it just feels like, well, a social studies class.
It's just dull from beginning to end. And that's a surprise; "dull" isn't a term I'd usually use to describe Redford's work.
Once the ideological cat is out of the bag, the drama is degraded to the level of a historical pageant.
Leaves us feeling as empty as a raided tomb.
Redford shines his directorial light on a little known trial that has ramifications today.
Add a notch on Redford's belt of politically inspired movies.
An interesting untold story from American history gets the made-for-TV treatment
Its worst sin is never incompetence, but only a certain airless lack of humor about what it's doing and how.
for all its engaging dramatic qualities (it is never at any point dull or stilted), The Conspirator ultimately feels a bit too much like preaching to the choir.
Somewhat pedestrian, but strong performances along with Robert Redford's impeccable skills as a director save the film from losing its dramatic momentum
Redford, blessed with an electrifying cast, nobly fulfills his mission to bring alive a forgotten chapter of American history.
A bracing courtroom drama whose every scene seems wreathed in mist, dust motes and cigar smoke, the better to suggest a nation befogged by grief.
Don't get any of this confused with The Lincoln Lawyer, okay? Because unlike this movie, that one is sort of fun to watch.
An interesting history lesson that could have been more compelling.
Cinematographer Newton Thomas Sigel paints a world lit by candles, gaslights and torches, and costume designer Louise Frogley makes the cast look like people of the period, not actors wearing rented clothes.
Deals dramatically and memorably with the vagaries of the law, and with the wars between justice and injustice, between vengeance and mercy, between truth and prejudice.
It's really heavy handed.
Historians and lovers of fascinating storytelling about little-known historical events will be captivated by the powerful and true story about America then and now.
There's a stiffness that keeps the story from packing a punch. Still, it's handsomely mounted, and at its best moments has the patina of a Masterpiece Theater production.
Exhaustively researched, well acted and splendidly photographed, it's neverthless convoluted and courtroom-centric.
Offers a valuable look at an iconic historical event from a never-before-seen perspective.
The movie deserves strong marks for the authentic costumes and period details. With the exception of Aiken, the rest of the characters are superficially presented and poorly developed. The supporting cast are all underutilized.
...even if she was guilty Mary Surratt deserves better than this maladroit film that's rife with life-threatening boredom.
Surratt's fate -- freedom or the gallows? -- is hardly a secret, but since the studio has opted to build this up as a historical cliffhanger, I won't ruin the ending here.
It's like someone handed screenwriter James D. Solomon and director Robert Redford a gong marked 'Guantanamo Bay' so they could strike it over and over for two hours.
The nightmare of Lincoln's assassination, and its immediate aftermath, is effectively delivered, and Wright, shrouded in black, her face a mask of indomitable sorrow, gives great gravity to what might otherwise have been a waxworks historical reenactment.
A thriller that's riveting from start to finish.
What I wish is that this chapter was allowed to stand on its own, rather than be used as a heavy-handed allegory for post-9/11 Guantanamo-style justice.
Redford guides the film with the heaviest of hands, inserting over-dramatic visual cues at every turn, and reserving the clumsiest manipulations for the labored allegory of the film's obvious post-9/11 subtexts.
Redford has never let a good story get in the way of a moral, and this handsomely made, stoutly acted and dramatically inert film is both fascinating and achingly dull.
Robert Redford has crafted a good film with an important message. One wishes it could have been great.
James McAvoy, as the Civil War veteran who defends Surratt, has an avid presence, but the movie is stiff-jointed and dull.
A better history lesson than it is a drama.
Once you accustom yourself to this film's unhurried rhythm and old-fashioned Hollywood stolidity, The Conspirator is not without its pleasures -- chief among them Robin Wright's quietly fierce performance.
The Conspirator fairly drips with nobility, timeliness and class. If only it were a bit more fiery.
There's nothing more frustrating than wanting a movie to be great and having to admit that it falls short. At one point during The Conspirator I found myself willing it to be...
The Conspirator is a quality drama with a capital Q. We should expect no less from Robert Redford, who takes seriously (at times, earnestly) the duties of director.
Elegant and haunting despite a sometimes didactic screenplay, far from the history lesson disguised as a movie I'd read about. McAvoy is amazing, fierce and thoughtul.
Historical drama tells compelling tale; some violence.
A hauntingly relevant, if somewhat dry exercise, "The Conspirator" asks us to ponder crimes committed in the name of a nation hungry for blood in response to a horrific act against it.
What could and should have been an unforgettable historic drama gets a bit lost along the way due to convoluted storytelling and a number of questionable directorial decisions.
A fascinating, little-known episode in American history provides a pretext for a post-9/11 allegory and a related lecture on constitutional law from director Robert Redford, a man whose politics are now easier to admire than his movies.
As the film's director, Robert Redford eases with hypnotic skill into this tale of justice in the aftermath of Abraham Lincoln's assassination.
Robert Redford and screenwriter James D. Solomon take The Conspirator in half-a-dozen directions, all with deep moral implications.
If it speaks truth to power, it's a truth I can imagine bringing together the film's left-wing director and the likes of Ron Paul or Glenn Beck.
Though it's a bit heavy-handed, the film is visually meticulous, with strong performances. Wright is a powerhouse, emanating a calm, mature strength that is mesmerizing to watch.
An admirable film and, in the end, a moving one. You have to give it up to Redford for having the will to make a movie like this.
Wright, who has been doing great and largely unrecognized work for years, is terrific as the hard, handsome, difficult defendant, as is James McAvoy as her reluctant defense counsel.
It's another movie with an amazing cast, but McAvoy has the righteous indignation that makes The Conspirator hook you.
It's a shame. This is a terrific story, and I bet there's a terrific movie in it. Just not this particular movie.
With her hair darkened and severely pulled back, her face a mask of stony implacability, Wright delivers a simple, unshowy performance that never begs for the audience's sympathy.
Working on an obviously limited budget on locations in Savannah, Ga., Redford does a good job of evoking the era with the help of cinematographer Newton Thomas Siegel.
Instead of entertaining us, director Robert Redford offers us a handsome history lesson that's as dry as a hardtack biscuit.
You have to give credit to Redford, Wright and McAvoy, and the other filmmakers. Not many films this smart can be made.
Happy 146th anniversary, Abraham Lincoln's assassination! In your honor we have prepared a didactic but not entirely unenjoyable historical drama!
A dreary mess of a movie that goes so wrong so quickly that it actually winds up dying on the screen before Lincoln himself does.
There's a more considered debate to be had about the historical, legal, and political precedents of the events in The Conspirator.
What it most suggests ... is the sort of classroom film that has kept generations of students off the edge of their seats.
"The Conspirator" is first, last and always a political drama, and, Wright's performance aside, it is the play of events of history that most holds our interest.
Redford persuades us, if not to grieve, to understand other people's grief and to look at the assassination of Abraham Lincoln with fresh eyes.
Sober, respectful, but rather stilted and talky...may be long on factual accuracy, but...it lacks dramatic energy.
Redford's fictionalized chronicle of Mary Surratt's 1865 trial is high-minded and slow-moving. Some may chafe at his unsubtle sermonizing, but strong central performances will reward the patient.
Robert Redford's riveting Conspirator examines the assassination of Abraham Lincoln by pursuing an unconventional path.
Heavily reminiscent of Bruce Beresford's Breaker Morant, but producer-director Robert Redford also notes the parallels between the Surratt case and our current military tribunals for terror suspects.
From the hurried opening that details the events on the night of the assassination to the arguments and counter-arguments of the courtroom procedural, The Conspirator rarely welcomes the viewer into its activities.
While the courtroom proceedings compel attention initially, a certain weariness sets in due to the lack of modulation in the discourse, the obviousness of the storytelling and the absence of any real subtext.
The film seems obsessed with making political points at the expense of storytelling. Not even McAvoy and Wright, who have repeatedly shown their ability to anchor films, can bring it convincingly to life.
The Conspirator is never less than thought-provoking and illuminating. It's an answer to those who moan that they don't make movies like they used to
[A] well-meaning, misbegotten movie.
Let's just be grateful that boring old Professor Redford only afflicts audiences with his good intentions and social consciousness about twice a decade.
Scottish actor James McAvoy occasionally manages to fire up the courtroom piece of the drama...but the best thing about "The Conspirator" is that it brings a little known piece of history to light and astonishes with the irony of its end credit captions.
If history lessons could always be as compelling as Robert Redford's "The Conspirator," movie theaters might be full of them.
Redford stages it in the blandest way possible, with history-textbook dialogue spouted by a cast of talented but wasted actors.
Competent but hollow, the film is out of sight, out of mind the moment the end credits roll.
Redford always gets the best out of actors, and his cast - especially Wright, Wood, Huston, and Tom Wilkinson - is exceptional.
There's plenty of drama to draw upon, and the steady Redford is wise to let the action unfold smoothly, teased out in testimony and flashbacks.
Robert Redford's often bloodless, slow-grind direction actually works for him here.
Although the intent of director Robert Redford is likely a cautionary one, the result feels a bit like being told something we already know.
"The Conspirator'' is an important film, on an important subject, that has had the life beaten out of it by Robert Redford, a man who should know better.
"The Conspirator" is a worthy historical reenactment, but not much of a movie. Eight score and seven minutes feels ever so long.
A poignant and ethically-charged courtroom drama about yet another overlooked and forgotten abomination from America's past.
Director Robert Redford takes a linear, no-nonsense approach in recreating the political and legal controversy surrounding the military trial of Mary Surratt...The result is a compelling historical drama with resonance in the here and now.
Heartbreakingly average, director Robert Redford's "The Conspirator" errs in the way so many films do, especially films about unsung pieces of American history.
In the end, The Conspirator stumbles under the moral weight it's trying to carry. What matters, maybe, is that Redford didn't take the easy way out and lighten the load.
"The Conspirator" feels more like a textbook than like something you'd pay to see.
Robert Redford's depiction of the trial of Mary Surratt is, at heart, sort of a history lesson, a really interesting one.
The Conspirator is an über-genre movie, a hybrid of two classic Hollywood modes--the historical reenactment and the courtroom drama--that tries to satisfy the demands of both.
Musty and stagy in a way that guarantees it will bore generations of high school students on movie day.
Fascinating, authentic look at aftermath of Lincoln assassination.
Redford proves that at 75 he can still choose meaningful projects and deliver them with intelligence.
Ms. Wright's performance is appropriately damped down, eloquently inarticulate. If we have trouble identifying with her, Mary Surratt seems to be telling us, it's our fault and none of hers.
Instead of recreating history with fantastic cinematic sway, the feature feels like thumbing through a textbook where the pictures are the only highlight.
A handsome and important film focusing on one woman's plight that reflects a nation's division, The Conspirator reminds us that the big problems are often personal ones as well.
The movie should be called, The Lincoln Lawyer 2: Now with More Lincoln!
A film divided against itself cannot stand.
Sitting through this stage-bound, talky, stiffly-acted movie reminded me of having to endure the Hall of Presidents attraction at Walt Disney World.
It's hard not to like McAvoy, with his glancing nervous energy, but The Conspirator rarely permits him to be anything except likable, and the script smooths out any wrinkles in the figure of Aiken.
Solid and dare I say interesting, this historical drama packs a sneaky moral punch.
Redford himself seems to believe his own legend; he has joined his knuckle-headed, self-righteous progeny -- George Clooney, Sean Penn and Matt Damon -- by directing a film that is as dull as it is politically hip.
Reveals a slice of history well worth revisiting.
With Robert Redford at the helm, it is a story that questions the fundamental tenets of the US constitution in a far more compelling, even daring manner than Redford's last movie Lions For Lambs.
It should be tense and thrilling, full of rich, powerful performances; instead, it'll make you feel like you should be taking notes in preparation for a high-school exam.
Redford's solid and rather old-fashioned courtroom drama is a bit daring in that it allows itself to be solid and old-fashioned.
See it, enjoy a ripping good yarn and learn something.
The original story...is rich in historical detail but lacks depth of characters.
The film lacks the nerve to come to terms with the complexities its subject raises.
Redford displays a keen sense of history in unveiling a 19th century trial with current resonance.
Why does the dramatic power of Abraham Lincoln's assassination elude so many filmmakers?
Barely worth the extra credit, kids.
The Conspirator contains parallels to today's incarceration of political prisoners and the questions of their rights, if any. It is not bold, but it is enlightening. It looks back at injustice, not in rage, but perhaps in sorrow.
Great moral stands don't make for great drama; good intentions aren't good art.
Redford's courtroom dramaThe is old-fashioned in both the positive and negative senses of the word, and it's probably more significant politically (as allegory of the present) than artistically.
[VIDEO] Robert Redford's first directorial effort since his 2007 anti-war polemic "Lions for Lambs," is a striking Civil War courtroom drama not far removed from a film like Bruce Beresford's "Breaker Morant."
Redford does a fine, economical job re-creating the horror of the assassination, the dying president barely glimpsed but the bowls of blood carried from his deathbed all too vivid.
If the corporate media is notorious for reporting only what they deem politically expedient, the official historical record may be even worse. Take for instance the execution by the feds for conspiracy in Lincoln's assassination, Mary Surratt. Mary who?
Slow and emotionally sterile. The characters objectives and motives? Not a clue.
This retelling of a crucial, poorly-remembered chapter of American law and war has enough atmosphere, stalwart acting and suspense to appeal to the mass of moviegoers.
because all of the thinking is already done for the audience, there's very little reason to care, and the end result feels like an elegant reenactment - at best.
...a solid, unapologetically old-fashioned courtroom drama.
This is by no means a great movie, but in telling a gripping and little-known true story with many contemporary resonances it has time(liness) on its side.



@highlight

The Conspirator is well cast and tells a worthy story, but many viewers will lack the patience for Redford's deliberate, stagebound approach.