All in all, perfectly fine thanks to the cast and a fitfully witty script - but nothing to write home about.
Do you love American Beauty, but wish it had a lighter touch and a happier ending - and starred Hugh Dr. House Laurie?
The Oranges dabbles with transgressive ideas (for a moment it felt like the film was implying that infidelity could be a positive force in everyone's lives) before retreating into stupefyingly predictable and safe rhythms.
Although the film suffers during certain plot developments, the set-up and much of the dialogue ring true in this dramedy.
It's the cast that carries a film like this, offering a strong level of acting gravitas to support a bitingly cynical script about the tawdry happenings in a suburb.
The problem is that there's nothing terribly funny about families and friendships being torn asunder.
The acting almost varnishes the fractured surface, enabling the audience to accept the film as a deeply felt, feelgood family comedy.
The dialogue's much saltier and sharper than you expect from a drama that's essentially playing it safe.
There's plenty of potential for jagged black humour in this suburban comedy-drama, but the filmmakers never take a single risk.
The movie's horribly jaunty soundtrack is a problem. Ditto the blah camera-work. But mostly it's the script, which turns out to be spineless.
It's all mildly amusing, if fairly obvious, stuff and it's impeccably played by the superb cast. But you can't help feeling that they all deserve something rather more worthy of their talents.
How much you enjoy this comedy will depend upon how gross you consider the idea of a married 50-year-old father having an affair with his best friend's 24-year-old daughter.
A tricky social conundrum is boiled down, lightly prodded and then forgotten by the roadside. Shame.
Disappoints with its gooey liberalism and its failure to find a convincing dramatic register for the central relationship.
I'm not sure a better cast has ever gone more ickily astray than in this most misbegotten of dramedies.
It's no classic but diverting enough. At the very least it will most likely put your family Christmas feuds into perspective.
Marital crisis in the New Jersey suburbs feels like yesterday's soggy granola in this impressively witless clone of American Beauty.
Sporadic in its own sparkle, middling in its wit, the film will be required viewing mainly for Hugh Laurie phenomenologists ...
Engaging dysfunctional family comedy-drama with terrific performances from a superb ensemble cast, though it's not quite as edgy as it should have been.
An honest look into stale relationships and an ultimately optimistic view of how things can change even if they initially appear slightly ikky.
Beautifully acted, lovingly shot and something of a pre-Christmas treat to enjoy, one segment at a time.
The intervention of Tony Soprano, who lives not far away, is urgently called for.
With Laurie and Meester on credible form, The Oranges remains a juicy comic odyssey, pithy to its core.
An enjoyable but largely forgettable comedy drama.
It's overfamiliar stuff, played out in a sitcom-style, and despite some distinguished acting, The Oranges has limited appeal, unless you are Woody Allen.
An off-kilter script and winning turns from Laurie, Janney and Meester help disguise how much the film is hedging its bets, flirting with a darkness it never quite dares to embrace.
The Oranges does not taste freshly squeezed.
The leafy green trees evident everywhere in what purports to be New Jersey Christmas scenes aren't the only thing that feels off in the predictable domestic bedroom comedy The Oranges.
Essentially, the movie feels like a one-night-stand that's overstayed its welcome.
Less predictable than other films of its ilk, THE ORANGES proves to be a real indie charmer. It's aided by the excellent cast who all stay committed to the material even when things begin to go for Hollywood goofiness rather than gritty reality.
All the actors, particularly double-take experts Keener and Janney, have been in much better movies than this.
... deep and dark but laugh out loud funny.
The Oranges will more than likely be forgettable in the long run, but it isn't a bad little film and has a pretty decent message for the time you're able to remember it.
There's nothing wrong with this story, except that it's so mundane.
A first-rate cast cannot rescue a muddled script in this comedy of suburban dysfunction.
Great cast squandered in a flimsy finale.
It doesn't help matters that the characters are sorely undeveloped, allowing these usually marvelous actors only single traits to work with.
Mature dramedy doesn't deliver on interesting premise.
You want something that plays a little sharper, and cuts a little deeper. You want something that demands more of its performers, and delivers more to its audience.
There's not enough tension for the humor to diffuse. What we're left with is a bland dramedy featuring a strong cast.
Dramatically flat and laugh-free The Oranges is barely a comedy or a drama -- come to think of it, it's barely a movie.
You know the movie has an insurmountable problem when the two adulterers, who profess to be madly in love, don't even seem like they want to be in the same room.
The Oranges displays an air of efficient economy. Nothing is messy, no beat too long, the actors hit their marks.
Less of a laugh riot than it should be.
As a seven-year veteran of the New Jersey suburban experience, I can testify that it nails the milieu's specifics.
"The Oranges" hits and misses at random.
Its concerns are not the usual movie concerns, and it takes what might have been a standard plot in some unexpected directions.
"The Oranges" is a watered-down dramedy with little sense of place - or human behavior.
How could a movie starring Hugh Laurie, Oliver Platt, Allison Janney and Catherine Keener go so wrong?
'The Oranges' needed to be either much funnier - or draw blood.
Flirting with farce, the film never gets out of comic first gear.
Julian Farino ... [works] so hard to convince us of the Deep Inner Goodness of everyone involved.
It's a familiar story made fresh by actors who know how to make each breath matter.
What I liked was the movie's feel for the emotional mess and ambivalence of family ties, and its openness without hysteria to the fact that some of those ties might fray beyond repair.
When it's funny, it's laugh-out-loud funny, yet when the situation calls for groans of vicarious embarrassment, it provides them in spades.
Laurie and Meester are both likable actors, and a good thing; otherwise the audience reaction would probably be something similar to that of their families.
"The Oranges" is a pleasant little farce that never works up enough steam and that undercuts its players with thin writing and characterizations.
Plays more like a Showtime sitcom pilot that never got picked up because it was too boring to maintain week to week.
If you think you've seen this already, that's because you have.
Light as a feather, the movie is at times a modest pleasure, but inconsequential.
"The Oranges" answers in the affirmative a question you probably weren't asking: Are the movies still recycling "American Beauty"?
Indicts suburban routine while indulging only in formula itself.
Follows through on its yuckster premise with uncommon insight and dedication, without a shirk or a smirk.
The kind of open-ended, character-driven light melodrama that might've been better served as an HBO series.
A great cast can be a powerful weapon. In the case of the new family dramedy 'The Oranges', it's the saving grace.
The film sells the same core idea as most real estate agents: the suburbs are exciting enough.
In the end, The Oranges does not quite deliver the goods.
In short, this is no Graduate; it barely makes it out of first grade.
Oh, suburbia: how we love condescending to thee.
Kind of like a takedown of the suburbs written by the people who designed the menu at Olive Garden: It's inoffensive, forgettable, and you don't actually have to chew anything.
A fine cast is wasted in this feeble dramedy about neighborly infidelity in suburbia.
[VIDEO ESSAY] Barely a spark of humor ever pops in a would-be romantic comedy with nowhere to go.
Plays out like a bizarro rom-com, the music and tone indicating we should be cheering on a new couple while our sense of personal appropriateness nags at our rah-rah emotions.
There finally reaches a point at which one is simply unable to care about the fate of any of these people...
It's the Sundance version of Blame It on Rio, which is to say direly lacking in scenery and nudity.


@highlight

Despite the efforts of its accomplished cast, The Oranges suffers from a mediocre script that fails to deliver well-rounded characters, dramatic tension, or sufficient laughs.