The best performance in the film comes from a two-year-old baby
It will give you your money's worth, while not really serving you anything too memorable (or scary) as some of the other, more sinister horror films we've seen in the last few years.
An outline of a horror film rather than the full embodiment, guided by general exercises instead of ambitiously-choreographed routines.
In the hands of a better creative team, an all-Annabelle film might have been a grand slam. Here it's a bloop single, narrowly avoiding a tag out on the basepaths.
Annabelle, at its heart, feels like it should be part of an anthology collection, clocking in at twenty or thirty minutes, instead of at feature length.
Annabelle's problems are legion but let's start with the bait-and-switch hook that promises a killer doll and instead delivers a shadowy gargoyle.
We could chat all day about how "Annabelle" lifted (even stole) bits from better films. But, that would take away from the net effect of this evil doll movie. "Annabelle" is a very good horror film, originality be damned.
Watching Annabelle is like watching a movie you've seen a dozen times before, just with different actors and slight variations on the same scare tactics.
For much of its running time, Annabelle is so bereft of ideas for scare tactics that when the doll isn't involved, it's hard to differentiate it from any other domestic horror movie that's ever come out.
In the end it's only half baked, dull, and lacking the heart and soul of "The Conjuring."
Clichéd lines and predictable encounters, always signalled by the score, mount. The flick becomes more and more like the Child's Play (Chucky) franchise meets Rosemary's Dolly meets late-period Mad Men.
An average kind of horror story, 'Annabelle' is a prequel to the far superior 'The Conjuring' from last year.
Those hoping for a toy-goes-mental rampage a la the Child's Play franchise will be sobered to discover Leonetti keeps his creepiest asset stationary for most of the time, which hardly seems to be in the spirit of things.
There are some moderate frights, but the presence of the doll was creepier in spurts in this film's predecessor than it is as a dramatic centerpiece.
...a slightly above average yet run-of-the-mill ghost story...
Useless, completely useless: clumsily made and criminally underwritten.
All in all, Annabelle is well-made and contains a few moments that might look great out of context, but its story is too thin to recommend this to anyone but hardcore fans of The Conjuring.
It's a few good shock effects and a lot of ho-hum.
Like the titular doll, this thing's off the shelf.
Quality is often irrelevant in a horror movie; shock is the key.
The demonic doll from The Conjuring gets her own unsubtle, repetitive horror flick.
The script, by Gary Dauberman, is a clichéd mess, lacking humor and surprises. But Leonetti stages some fright-worthy sequences ...
Cynical, forgettable and vastly inferior to Curse Of Chucky.
The scares are orchestrated with more flair than usual, even if the best of them are all spoiled in the trailer.
The toy in this prequel to agreeable period horror The Conjuring could hardly seem more sinister if it had presented Top of the Pops during the 1970s
With Alfre Woodard as yet another of those hardworking and self-sacrificing movie black women who takes one for the team, 'the team' being affluent, elegant white folks.
Leonetti's The Conjuring spinoff is arguably the best demon doll prequel ever made. It is also good.
What about this movie is supposed to scare us?
Annabelle works reasonably well in the first half, building up a nice sense of impending dread. It borrows heavily from Rosemary's Baby before turning to a by-the-numbers litany of standard shock tactics.
The set-pieces are effectively handled, with a few goose-bump moments along the way, but the story makes no sense whatsoever.
This film is very much stock schlock.
Why would you want a doll looking as ugly as that in your collection in the first place?
The Polanski rips begin with the obvious (having a couple named Mia and John, as in Farrow and Cassavetes, is about as blatant as you can get) and continue throughout, to an annoying degree.
Well acted, slickly produced and will make you jump - such a shame it somehow adds up to less than the sum of its parts.
That creepy grinning doll from The Conjuring gets its own origin story in this disappointingly banal supernatural spin-off.
Um passatempo suficientemente divertido para não comprometer nossas lembranças do longa original.
Annabelle, who takes an hour to stand upright, will go down as the laziest devil-doll in movie history; compared to her, Chucky's a Harvard MBA prospect.
A couple of good jumps but this Conjuring spin-off is led down by poor writing, anodyne leads and and overwhelming sense of familiarity.
As the cheap shocks are ramped up, the film's ablility to genuinely disturb recedes.
This superfluous prequel is just as needless and unnecessary as it sounds, as what can only be described as a meagre counterpart to its originator.
Every expense, basically, has been spared that might have imbued Annabelle with formidable qualities as an agent of evil. She's just a glorified prop, an excuse for bad things to happen to uninteresting people.
The film chronicles a contest that's not so much between good and evil as between evil and unbelievable stupidity.
Want to know what's really scary about Annabelle? Its staggering lack of imagination.
Annabelle ranks as one of the most entertaining Hollywood horror outings of the year.
A neatly packaged prequel which is better than it deserves to be thanks to a convincing performance from the aptly named Annabelle Wallis, and a couple of genuinely frightening set-pieces.
Dull-witted, stiff, and predictable.
A mediocre horror flick that can't hold a candle to the one that inspired it...a sort of catch-all of horror movie cliches.
...(just) enough atmosphere and original scares to satisfy your Halloween craving...let's have a REAL case file from the Warrens for the next film installment, shall we?
An excellent prequel to The Conjuring, this frightfest, beautifully directed by John R. Leonetti, takes us back to the early 1970s for an nerve-jangling, first-class haunting stuffed to the gills with old-school spookery.
A tedious, strictly superficial fright-flick....
If you can identify with John and Mia-who seem to be named for the actors who played the lead couple in "Rosemary's Baby"-then this is a movie that will have you on edge.
A yawningly empty movie, the epitome of brainless, heartless, soulless, shameless cash-grab corporate filmmaking.
While it's not as well constructed as The Conjuring was, Annabelle still is a lot of fun to watch.
A pleasant surprise at the movies this weekend...and in the household of evil dolls, she wears the pants.
What is this, Charles Lee Ray? Voodoo was kitschy in the '80s. We're certainly not going to take it seriously now.
...when it comes to directing, let's just say that the best-case scenario for Annabelle is that drag queens embrace it as a midnight show to yell at.
Unfortunately, Annabelle can't sustain much tension before fizzling out into a boringly repetitive exercise in rehashed scare tactics. The Conjuring this is not.
Run! Run for your lives! And don't forget to ask for your money back on the way out!
This couple could have avoided all of it just by acting with the intelligence God gave the average stink beetle.
Being startled is not the same as being scared, and speaking on behalf of other hardened critics, I have to say we weren't scared for a moment.
Annabelle knows how to play with its toys.
There's real craftsmanship to the film, but it's in service of a story that can't quite support it.
What we mostly get in Annabelle is what we've gotten from so many other horror films: creaking floors, funky white-robed figures, home appliances that go off on their own, mysterious writing that shows up in mysterious places.
Annabelle, an effective prequel to horror pastiche The Conjuring, surpasses its predecessor simply by virtue of occasionally being scary.
Unlike The Conjuring, Annabelle is generic and forgettable.
It's far from groundbreaking but offers a few great scares (though some are more "earned" than others").
It's not in the same league as The Conjuring, which was more agile in its treatment of familiar plot devices, but it's a worthy entry for a chilly October.
Low rent all the way. Not an original moment in the entire film.
Annabelle works up enough frights that you may want to get that doll collection out of the house.
Although [Leonetti] covers no new ground - things are largely predictable - he pays tribute to horror classics such as "Rosemary's Baby."
Annabelle doesn't bring a single new idea to the screen, and most of the scares are of the jump-shock variety. But some of the old standbys still work.
Delivers only a few genuine scary moments as it attempts to press some expected spooky buttons.
As undistinguished, uninteresting, and unscary as the worst of the Chucky films.
It offers surface level scares without the undercurrent of humanity needed to make them register.
If you're sighing heavily at the thought of yet another stupid horror movie involving an evil doll, here's a pleasant surprise: Annabelle is actually rather decent at raising the goose bumps.
Just a low-budget quickie designed to cash-in and cash-out. Nothing you haven't seen a million times before.
Ninety-plus minutes later, we're still waiting to see why this creepy doll deserves her own horror franchise.
It doesn't help that the doll, conceptualized as it was in "The Conjuring," starts off looking like Chucky's demented cousin painted up like a demonic tart before it's even been made a vessel of the devil
The movie held my interest, and elicited more than a few screams from the screening audience.
Like all horror movies, it starts with a really dumb premise. No one I know would buy a doll that ugly and put it in a newborn's bedroom. The movie goes downhill from there.
Laughworthy bumps in the night, creaky rocking chairs, a demon-infested basement and more gliding baby carriages than an '80s De Palma film.
You have to expect a certain camp factor when the movie is about a haunted doll. They should have embraced it, owned it and exploited it.
The thrills, chills and frights are in enough abundance that fans of such films likely won't be disappointed. (Full Content Review for Parents also Available)
Though it features a plucky female protagonist, "Annabelle" still possesses the same medieval attitude toward women as "The Conjuring," reducing the gender to the extremes of self-sacrificing mother and malevolent toy.
"Annabelle" works enough devil figurine juju to make for a modestly hair-raising prequel to the more satisfying scares of its predecessor, "The Conjuring."
Mr. Leonetti embraces the potential of negative space.
Director John R. Leonetti photographed 'The Conjuring,' and he brings the same prowling, creeping camerawork to bear on an even less credible spook tale.
The scariest thing about Annabelle is that a film studio would release such a lazy attempt at making a horror movie without any sign of shame.
A haunted doll movie that aspires to class, with means both legitimate and dodgy.
[P]erhaps the movie's biggest surprise is that it isn't entirely pointless.
Leonetti's prequel is about as lifeless and wooden as the Annabelle doll herself, despite trying to mimic James Wan every step of the way.
The most shocking thing about cheap-looking ANNABELLE, the haunted doll prequel to THE CONJURING, is that a major Hollywood studio is releasing it.
Intentionally or not, "Annabelle" reeks of being a cynical cash-grab of the highest order.
For a superior experience, go buy a disturbing-looking doll that says ''Don't go see Annabelle'' when you pull its string.
In horror, there really is nothing new left to discover under the devil moon, so the secret to startling audiences, or at least raising hairs on the backs of necks, lies in deft direction and editing, both missing here.
Where "The Conjuring" was more of a full meal. "Annabelle" just leaves you hungry for more.
once it establishes its patterns, it becomes as predictable as Hollywood's desire to spin The Conjuring's $300 million box office into a franchise
It's all a far cry from James Wan's The Conjuring, which embraced the thrill of the paranormal even as it respected its frazzled, earthbound characters.
Each time a character gets tossed in the air by some manifestation or another, the effect is cheesy. Still, I've seen worse.
A vortex of visual clichés beyond rescue.
At the end of the day Annabelle is not a bad movie... it's just not a very good one.
While the film isn't clever or original, it is reasonably scary, especially when it knocks off the preliminaries and gets to the good stuff.
The story is a mishmash of demonic possession, Satanic killings, machines suddenly switching on and off and vacantly-staring figurines. It's more familiar than frightening. And the human actors are no more compelling than the poker-faced dolls.
Though hardly the most original horror outing of recent times, Annabelle still racks up a respectable number of genuine scares.
Not only does Annabelle lack the qualities that made the original Conjuring frightfully realistic, this preposterous prequel presents people so deprived of personality and perception that you almost root for the demons.
Annabelle is a cheap-looking spin-off that adds nothing of interest to The Conjuring and certainly isn't a good standalone story.
The film is ultimately so generic and formulaic that you'll probably forget it by the time you get home.
Serviceable, but not particularly memorable.
The scares are cheap but periodically effective.
"Annabelle" is so lazily coat-tailing on Roman Polanski, they should have called it "Rosemary's Barbie."
The movie tries to be more than just a creepy doll freakout, and delivers the requisite scares.
Surprisingly effective, this horror movie knows how to build real suspense and then pay it off with great scares.
A slack chiller that sets sail with startling confidence, only to sink when it actually has to follow through on its ghoulish promises.
It has its unnerving moments, but they're outweighed by the sheer stupidity and predictability of the story.
It's not quite on the same level as The Conjuring (one of the scariest films in recent memory), but it's also far from the cash grab, low-rent spin-off that it could have been.
Annabelle deserved a story of her own, not one stitched together from the carcasses of others.
Not only withholds the dignity of "The Conjuring," but actually surpasses that film's fiendish parade of frights. For horror enthusiasts in search of a serious tingle in their spines, "Annabelle" delivers in spades.
Billed as a spin-off of The Conjuring, the film operates more like a shoddy brand extension; it cost five times less than its predecessor, and the slashed budget shows-both in the economy casting and in the over-lit, sometimes hideous digital imagery.
Wan made Annabelle creepy in just a few short minutes; Leonetti takes an entire feature to make her uninteresting.
Annabelle drifts away from these potentially interesting elements into a more predictable collage of frights, demons and flickering lights, a grab bag of set pieces, red herrings and familiar occult tropes that never add up to much.
Old fashioned, old school, passively-acted with the simplest of effects. But frightening? Surprisingly, yes.
More stupefying than scary, Annabelle takes whatever promise there was of a Conjuring franchise and flushes it down the bowels of Hell with its uninspired direction and wooden performances.

@highlight

Annabelle borrows unabashedly from better horror films, content to leave viewers with a string of cheap jolts that fail to build on the far more effective The Conjuring .