Kasi Lemmons' radio drama of flamboyance, fury and finesse cranks the funk on a sister station to "Talk Radio" and "Good Morning Vietnam," powered by two performances of impeccable clarity and cut from Don Cheadle and Chiwetel Ejiofor.
Although the director succumbs to the genreâ(TM)s temptation to wrap up a messy life with a neat, platitudinous resolution, she lets her cast give Greene and his era its due.
Talk to Me is an incisive portrait of a provocative figure. It comes very close to caricature, but remains human and lively.
In its wrenching shift from farce to tragedy, and its evocation of the bridge offered by friendship, Talk to Me tells it, and keeps on tellin' it, much as 'Petey' Greene would have.
Just as she did in Hustle and Flow, Taraji P. Henson steals many a scene and is wonderful as Greene's flamboyant girlfriend.
It's a visually and aurally riveting trip to an important time from a perspective few here will know, about a person worth meeting.
Don Cheadle and Chiwetel Ejiofor make a terrific duo, first as enemies, then as colleagues and finally as partners %u2013 until the partnership self destructs.
Largely thanks to Cheadle and Ejiofor in the main roles, it settles into a persuasive rhythm and airs some of the big questions about black struggle against oppression without resorting to glib, feel-good answers.
Even Martin Sheen is keepin' it real.
A good movie about a powerful friendship, and it brings a bygone era back to life.
Hysterically potent, thought-provoking and deliciously nostalgic. Overall, the proposed chatter is warranted in the movingly impish Talk to Me.
Ejiofor and Cheadle are a force to be reckoned with...
This straightforward schematic biopic never talks to me.
A stronger screenplay and more sensitive direction would have made this movie into something far more genuinely uplifting than it is.
The movie is decent enough, but contains Greene's story in a sentimentalised career arc.
This biopic of Greene, a DJ most Brits will not know, has a limited appeal.
Poignant and often very funny, Cheadle deserves a clutch of prizes come awards season.
If the picture doesn't ultimately live up to the raw vitality of Cheadle's performance, it remains an uplifting snapshot that broadcasts its message with zero distortion. Tune in and you won't be turned off.
A traditionally handsome biopic bursting with 1960s period detail and firecracker performances, Talk To Me tackles one of the most volatile periods in American history, but tragically finds nothing interesting to say about it.
The incendiary soundtrack and committed performances keep the film in its groove, which could give Cheadle another well-deserved shot at an Oscar.
Thanks to its two leads, the film remains vivid, honest and deeply felt.
There's terrific chemistry between the leads, but an episodic structure set over 20 years is too sprawling to really allow for a connection.
unusually for a biopic, it is Petey's failure to change, from beginning to end, that forms an essential part of his lionisation.
Worthwhile for the nostalgic appeal of the vintage costumes, retro afros and classic R&B soundtrack alone.
Worth seeing for the superb performances from its two leads.
A compelling portrait of a particularly tumultuous time in American history and how the media of the day adapted to and helped foster the many changes that were going on.
constructs such a complete image of proud and passionate radio host Ralph Waldo "Petey" Greene that we immediately understand why the deep flaws in his personality could only have led to his downfall.
Speaks powerfully to audiences with its potent blend of extraordinary performances and engaging soundtrack.
Crackles with life and honesty in a way no picture I've seen in 2007 has.
Despite its earnest attempts at power drama, the joy of Talk to Me lies in the comedy and the wild performances.
...a showcase for two actors who deserve long careers ahead of them.
This film's slightly uneven structure is easily overcome by the exceptional cast.
...an epic metaphor for the African-American experience in the '60s, '70s and '80s.
Cheadle, an always-dynamic actor, is compelling as he delivers Greene's no-bull radio talks and stand-up comedy routines.
Cheadle (in an Afro wig and sideburns)and Ejiofor are good enough to merit Oscar consideration, but only as a tag-team.
For all the wild controversy that Petey ignited in his time, Talk to Me ends up being as generic and watered-down as its title.
The movie's occasional narrative shortcomings are offset by the performances, which are uniformly fine.
The storytelling confirms the promise [director] Lemmons showed in the suspenseful Eve's Bayou, one of my favorite movies of the '90s.
...half terrific movie and half run-of-the-mill biopic
Engaging and enjoyable to watch, if not exactly as weighty as its subject matter.
Has a distinctive and original voice that is rarely heard today.
Talk to Me helps make the case that Don Cheadle may be one of the most important American actors working in film today.
It starts out breathlessly funny, fast-paced, and energetic before ultimately settling in to a standard biopic formula that's not nearly as compelling.
(N)o matter the factual flaws here, Talk to Me generates so much period appropriate juice and evocative energy that you can't help but feel caught up in the events transpiring before your eyes.
Talk to Me is fascinating both as social history and as biography.
Its dialogue, equal parts uptight honky and jumping jive seems, particularly in the early stretches, to have been generated by a computer.
Cheadle and Ejiofor are riveting together; they have the kind of apparently effortless chemistry that makes every scene they share a delight.
The characters are brought to vivid life with remarkably compelling performances by two of the screen's most versatile actors: Don Cheadle as the freewheeling Greene; and Chiwetel Ejiofor as Hughes, the aggressively ambitious executive.
As Lemmons effortlessly makes her film both a colorful tour of the turbulent '60s and a delicately paced character study, the men emerge as two halves of a whole; often in disagreement, always brothers.
Cheadle makes all these things believable within the same person while showing how being pulled in several directions wears on Petey.
Cheadle gives a performance of contained cool and bluff bravado, suggesting barely a hint of the rage you would expect from a man just out of a nine-year prison sentence.
A vibrant feel for its era and a genuine affection for its characters make the whole thing a solid evocation of a time and a life worth remembering.
Too bad the storytelling, which is somewhat disjointed, isn't as good as the rest of the deal -- but Don Cheadle is so good at what he does you probably won't even notice.
The problem is, the last section of the movie doesn't follow the career path of Greene: It traces the blander character of Hughes.
[A] well-acted film about making the move from the street to the mainstream.
he mood shifts awkwardly from broad comedy to melodrama and social commentary.
Cheadle convincingly layers his outrageousness with off-the-air pain and pathos.
Lemmons, her extraordinary cast and gifted crew deliver laughing, crying and plenty of signifying.
Through the persons of Petey and Dewey, 'Talk to Me' examines two competing approaches by which a black man might achieve success in a white man's world.
Don Cheadle and Chiwetel Ejiofor are two of the best actors of my generation working today, period.
The biggest problem with Kasi Lemmons' biopic "Talk to Me" is whether it wants to be a comedy or a drama.
Don Cheadle has elevated yet another film: Talk to Me is better than it intends to be. But thank Ejiofor as well.
There is one good movie in Talk to Me and about four bad ones.
There's plenty to like ...
... has a solid sense of time and place and character.
In Talk to Me, director Kasi Lemmons has expertly crafted an uplifting civil rights-era biopic free of false hope and cloying nostalgia.
Petey hated whitey.
Talk to Me is more than enough fun as a showcase for Mr. Cheadle's wit and spontaneity and as an inside look at the airwaves' transition from warm and fuzzy comforter to the anything-goes entertainment of today.
The movie also presents '60s turbulence from a black point of view, which is not only bracing but also feels closer to the point of it all.
No matter the tonal peaks and valleys, Talk to Me brings Greene's attitude to the big screen with confidence, led by Cheadle's amazing performance.
What I'm hoping flies under the radar is the unexpected and disappointing transformation of Kasi Lemmons, whose previous pitch-black, haunted sensibility barely makes an appearance in her highest-profile film.
Plays like a spunkier Good Morning Vietnam with a Motown twist.
When Don Cheadle stands front and centre, he does special things onscreen, and he makes Talk to Me most worthwhile, despite Kasi Lemmons' unsteady directorial hand.
Brilliant, alcoholic and self-destructive, Greene is the fascinating subject of Kasi Lemmons's funky, R&B-driven biopic -- a vital entertainment that struts confidently between comedy and drama.
A very honest yet curiously affecting experience.
In spite of Cheadle's forceful performance, the watered down script fails to capture the rawness and polemic logic of a groundbreaking social commentator who spoke truth power on a daily basis.
As good as Cheadle and Elijofor are, the person I enjoyed most was Taraji P. Henson whose flamboyant performance dominates every scene in which she appears.
Veering from comedy to moving tragedy to a bittersweet ending, TALK TO ME captures the spirit of a man and the times in which he lived. It may not be a masterpiece, but it's pretty damned close.
[Cheadle] brings warmth, humor, and vulnerability to a role that could easily have been a Good Morning, Vietnam-level blunder.
As might be expected in a film that stars two such heavyweights, Talk to Me is a master class in acting. Ejiofor and Cheadle are both terrific, investing their characters with more than just personality, but also with heart and soul.
Watching it becomes an exercise in frustration when a potentially great movie winds up buried inside a just OK one.
About halfway through the movie, it changes direction, becoming less a biographical drama about Petey than a maudlin buddy movie about his relationship with Dewey.
Unfortunately, the filmâ(TM)s self-importance simply masks a story about a self-destructive loser who lucks into some notoriety.
Greene may have known his ceiling; thankfully, Cheadle recognizes no such boundaries. The man just keeps exploring the outer limits of his talent.
It's an unfortunately neatly packaged tale about a man who, by all evidence, constantly and consciously resisted easy repackaging.
Don Cheadle and Chiwetel Ejiofor take charge of screen so decisively that any shortcomings in the script are strictly secondary to their dynamic performances
What's powerful about Talk to Me is the way it acknowledges how difficult it was for Dewey and Petey to face not only their own dichotomy but their real love for each other.
The movie begins with a whirlpool of comedy and manic energy, and then grows, as it must, more serious and introspective.
At its best, the cast of Talk to Me coalesces into the Brotherhood of Keeping it Real.
Smart, conflicted, and immensely entertaining.
...a movie that perfectly captures the vibe of a person, a place, a time and a way of being, and even gets, indirectly and without a whiff of sanctimoniousness, to the heart of what being an American ought to mean.
Could stand to focus more on scrupulous sociocultural history and less on compulsively entertaining the audience...has enough untold story and acting chops to make it worthwhile.
Don Cheadle practically bounces off the screen with a high energy, hilarious, and heartrending performance where every unexpected word keeps his audience--and that includes us--spellbound.
Talk to Me offers uplift without phoniness, history without undue didacticism and a fair number of funny, dirty jokes.
Ejiofor recalls Ray Sharkey in The Idolmaker, but thankfully stops just short of Alan Bates in The Rose and Eric Roberts in Star 80.
Captures the euphoric and daring, rebel music drenched energy that fueled radio culture back then, while also tuning in to the organic intensity of the times.
Ooh, boy, this movie's got the funk AND the soul.
Though there's tension between the two halves of Talk to Me, both of them are quite good.
It's too bad the story of these two men (and two fine performances has to compete with the built-in biopic conventions.
Aside from the subtleties found in Cheadle and Ejiofor's performances, this is biopic bombast.
A biopic with a strong sense of character and period.
Explores the many levels of a friendship between a button-down African-American radio program director and a tell-it-like-it-is deejay who connects with the black community in Washington D.C
As an intimate portrait of the complex, fruitful and extremely volatile friendship between trailblazing African American men whose daring came to redefine an industry, it's fresh and revelatory.
Don Cheadle, along with Taraji P. Henson, act up a storm in this biopic about Petey Greene, a 1960s-era deejay who shook up the airwaves with his streetwise rant. Their performances deserve a better film.
I was bummed out by the movie's trite VH1 cartoon of the black power era -- especially coming from Kasi Lemmons, who made her directing debut with the hauntingly ambiguous Eve's Bayou.
Don Cheadle -- explosive because you've never before seen this model of actorly restraint -- is a one-man fireworks show in Talk to Me, Kasi Lemmons' rollicking, resonant portrait of the real-life ex-con who improbably became a civic icon.
Rescued from hagiography and cliche by tart writing and a spark-plug star performance from Don Cheadle.
Blessedly free of the usual biopic freight and sanctimony, the exuberant new film Talk to Me has a great subject and a great actor working in tandem.
Neither Lemmons nor screenwriters Michael Genet and Rick Famuyiwa, however, have much of a feel for character, let alone story.
'Every stereotype has truth,' says Don Cheadle as Petey Greene. That fallacy ruins Talk to Me.
It makes you feel not only the joy people experienced in the wash of Greene's raucous, truth-saying humor, but also his wisdom and calm.
The writing and direction pull their punches, opting for a 'be cool, yâ(TM)all' ethos and the hazy glow of tribute instead of the messy reality that Greene himself reveled in lancing.
Broad as a barn door, but shamelessly entertaining...
A rowdy, richly offbeat biopic.
A vibrant, funny, moving, highly entertaining and richly rewarding movie experience. Don Cheadle soars into the highest rank of film actors with this role. Ejiofor and Henson are magnificent.
Talk To Me lacks every kind of specificity (historical, psychological, socio-cultural) but redeems itself through the dedication of its Cheadlicious lead.
Another high-quality surprise from the vault of African-American pop culture. Audiences will tune in.
Exhilarating! I say, 'Bring back the sixties' (minus the Vietnam War).
Funny and entertaining at times, poignant at others, Kasi Lemmons and her talented cast have done a fine job immortalizing this little known radio icon.
Lemmons tells her based-on-real-life tale with enough enthusiasm to partially obscure both the clichés lining her plot's path as well as her cursory address of the roiling social unrest gripping the country.
The entire cast is superb, but Lemmons' major achievement is the way that she has been able to trace nearly 20 years of history while still allowing the film to live in its current moment.
Though a biopic, Lemmons' third film is most effective when eschewing the genre's rise and fall mythmaking conventions to explore race, status and celebrity through the tale of the 1960s African-American disc jockey.
Dare one suggest Oscar noms for both leads? With Ejiofor, and I have said this on many occasions before, it is only a matter of time.
Alternates too deliberately between jaunty comedy and serious message-making.
Again demonstrating why he's one of the most versatile actors around, Don Cheadle gives another prize-worthy performance as Ralph Waldo 'Petey' Greene Jr.




@highlight

A riveting look at the life of legendary DJ "Petey" Greene, Talk to Me goes beyond the typical biopic with explosive performances from Don Cheadle and Chiwetal Ejiofor.