I'm now a baby step closer to understanding how the alien of Alien came to be, and at this point, I'm really starting not to care.
Covenant on the other hand tries too hard to go back to its origins. It's successful in that all the boxes get checked, and we do get the fun of Fassbender going against Fassbender, but other than that, what's old doesn't necessarily feel new again.
Covenant advances the mythology established by Prometheus but doesn't feel burdened by it.
The plot turns to a been-there, done-that mad scientist resolution. If the film means this to offer any sort of answer to Weyland's philosophical questions, it's ultimately a nihilistic and despairing one.
The carelessness that went into developing the ostensible plot only offsets the loving detail Scott gives to the David/Walter arc and the importance ladled onto David's origin/evolution and that of the xenomorphs.
It's enjoyable sci-fi, and better than Prometheus.
Thanks to the talented cast ... and well-choreographed action sequences, there is still great entertainment value here. There's also a lot of wasted opportunity.
Overall this movie is an exciting thrill ride of violent horror, but, unfortunately, without much else to hold on to.
Director Scott continues his tradition of brewing slow-building tension and an intense sense of atmosphere...once they start, however, the battles come fast and furious.
Alien: Covenant knowingly replays many of the greatest hits of the original film (and, to an extent, James Cameron's sequel), albeit with some tweaks here and there.
... this re-hash of ideas can be found in better sci-fi works; the primary goal here is very expensive fan service: to provide an origin story for the freaky creature that blasted onto the scene in the original Alien.
Seeing as how Scott has a few more Alien movies coming down the pike, with this one you get some great thrills, but you're pretty much strung along, which is extremely frustrating.
Even if the twists and turns in the plot aren't too hard to see coming, there's a distinct joy that [Ridley] Scott takes in setting up and setting off each of those traps.
Ridley Scott is successfully able to marry the wildly different tones and styles of Prometheus and Alien into a unit boasting both substance and chaos
... what prevails is action, blood, suspense, violence, terror. [Full review in Spanish]
Covenant works best when it's honoring Alien and massively fails when it hearkens back to Prometheus.
Cut to icky creatures eviscerating everybody, badass brunette showdown, yadda-yadda.
The greatest trick Ridley Scott ever pulled was convincing audiences he was making a new Alien film when he was actually making a subtle sequel to Blade Runner.
Alien: Covenant is [Ridley Scott's] attempt to merge the prequel ideas with his original masterpiece - and the result is astoundingly piss-poor.
Clearly there's not much left to explore in this 'Alien' world and fans would be better off revisiting the first two classics to find their screams again.
This follow-up plays out like a traditional sequel but should still please fans of the long-running franchise.
Alien Covenant is a slick film no doubt. Some of its set pieces have a genuine terror feel too. But it's the woefully conceived characters that really spoil the party for this franchise booster.
In space, nobody can you hear you roll your eyes.
Too bad the venerable director had to resort to conventional tropes for box-office potential
If Prometheus dared to think big, Covenant feels like a film that, in its desperation to wrap things up neatly, has ended up thinking small and rather unimaginatively.
It's weird and won't be for everyone, but Alien: Covenant is fun, strange, gross, kinda boring a little bit, and also SCARY.
Scott loses none of his ambition but by the end Alien: Covenant feels like what it ultimately is, the middle portion of a bigger story that ends with the creation of a perfect species.
A huge improvement on the often ridiculous Prometheus.
Alien: Covenant shows, rather dispiritingly, that Scott is not resentful about regressing.
Basically Prometheus, only not as good in every meaningful way.
Though Covenant lacks any action scene to rival that thrilling and sick abortion sequence in Prometheus, it's still damn scary a couple of times
Explaining away your mythos takes away the mystery and thus the enjoyment.
It's difficult not to see Alien: Covenant as a slightly depleted helping of a once stunning pop-cultural landmark, something like a well-made TV series that continues to entertain even after it has lost much of its juice.
The scrambled, searching quality makes Covenant both oddly satisfying and satisfyingly odd, even if many of its plot turns are predictable and its non-Fassbender characters negligible.
The result is a film that's much less ambitious than Prometheus, but also significantly less pretentious and stupid. Covenant aims lower but hits more frequently.
Audiences come to Alien films for thrills, chills and stylized gore set in creepy off-world locales, not sharply nuanced performances from decorated thespians.
There's an air of mystery to Alien: Covenant that the movie can't live up to, because for all its interest in what it all means, it has relatively little to show for all that idle questioning.
A film that, despite the creature, has little or nothing to do with that masterpiece of 1979. [Full review in Spanish]
Here we are almost 40 years later, still gamely plunking down our money to see our toothy little friends. I am sad to say, however, that the newest chapter in the franchise, Alien: Covenant, is not a return to form.
The film ends on a dour note, indicating a forward progress backwards, both dooming us to repeat yet again in the next film and pushing forward to the genius of the original.
Not bad. Not bad, not excellent, but very bloody and entertaining. [Full review in Spanish]
A curious film, made with the wandering eye of a provocateur who descends deeply into an abyss only to find himself tethered by the narrowed vision of a movie studio more interested in formulas of the past.
It sets in stone what has been previously left to imagination. But it does so in a way that is as compelling as it is unsettling, given life by an astonishing dual performance from Michael Fassbender.
How could anyone ever hope to top the scene from "Alien" in which a slimy, gory, nasty thingie bursts out of John Hurt's chest? Well, you can't. But Ridley Scott comes pretty damn close in "Alien Covenant".
A baloney script, poor casting, lame performances, and an unfocused production design make for a second-rate sci-fi movie that is nothing more than a pathetic knock-off of the original.
"Alien: Covenant" is an amazing response to "Prometheus"; expanding the Alien universe into new and abject horizons.
Scott seems to be... peppering us with bits of mythology like the interesting clues that lead nowhere in the television series, LOST. In the end, they're all dead anyway.
Moviegoers on the hunt for an Alien fix will get it, even if the picture never quite reconciles its awkward place between prequel and sequel.
The splattery violence, which reduces humanity to meat and reproduction to a survival instinct, enacts a blunt rebuttal to the idea that science and art -- 'Ozymandias' and even John Denver are referenced -- offer humankind an opportunity for immorality.
While it may sometimes exceed its own reach, Covenant extends a grasp so impressively audacious, it might as well come from a director with nothing to lose.
[Director Ridley Scott] once again wades in dull philosophy and cheap fan service that lends weight to the fact that there is nowhere left to go with this series.
It will do, and it's far from a misfire. But it's also far from the visceral shock that made the very first Alien such a standout.
The film is no more than a cinematic machine, part of which works and most of which doesn't.
It is exceedingly difficult to recommend Alien: Covenant. The inert dialogue and fatuous narrative leave the film feeling rather redundant.
The film's biggest advantage is being part of a franchise that has reached ridiculously low levels, so by being entertaining and having decent moments, is among the best that has been done. [Full review in Spanish]
Thrilling, moving and at times terrifying.
Alien Covenant tries to recreate the first two films but gets lost in its own laziness.
In space, no one can hear you laugh.
If you liked Prometheus, you'll likely enjoy this... (if not) skip this altogether - some things are better left unknown. At least it's better than Passengers, right?
The great ideas being kicked around in "Prometheus" are nowhere to be found in Ridley Scott's disappointing follow-up.
Yet again a crew sniffs after a mysterious ping and sticks their nose in a deadly larva pod. Are our astronauts learning? God no. And if the audience expected a different plot, we're not learning, either.
In tone it's like the original film, but even darker, with a much greater emphasis on despair and hopelessness. It depicts acts of kindness and compassion as weakness. People die precisely because they care for other people and try to help them.
Covenant won't remind anyone of the steadily mounting tension of the first two films. But in its odd, compromised, collage-like way, it's pretty entertaining.
Ridley Scott has ruined the Alien franchise...So far, Alien: Covenant is the year's most obscene Hollywood undertaking.
Not that I didn't like the film. I just didn't like everything about it.
As redesigns go, Alien: Covenant is not ambitious, but it's roaringly, repulsively effective.
Restlessly soulless, predictable and frustratingly dumb.
This may not be a movie that reinvents the wheel. But it's one that knows how to make it roll.
It's stylish enough, and Michael Fassbender, Billy Crudup and various others give it their best efforts, but if you don't see it -- well, unlike most of the characters, you'll survive.
Alien: Covenant washed over me and left me thinking, "Eh."
The problem with Covenant, beyond the howling boredom of its first hour and the remarkably-poor CGI employed in the manufacture of its various beasties, is that it's all references and no referents.
Still has enough of the Ridley Scott touch to make it above average in entertainment value.
'Alien: Covenant' stays true to the franchise brand.
It's an Alien movie for our times, one in which mankind isn't just under the thumb of an oppressive corporation but sowing the seeds of its own destruction on a more sweeping scale.
takes enough risks in embedding its genre thrills in a muscular philosophical core that it is hard to begrudge its existence and Scott's willingness to return to the franchise that made him famous and take it in a new(ish) direction
Although the performances and effects are very well achieved, the mystery no longer exists as in the original films. [Full review in Spanish]
(Ridley Scott) adroitly balances lofty ideas rooted in Prometheus and what can be described as covers of alien kills. A mind scramble here, a gut punch there. It works.
It's not a complete failure, but there's something sadly inevitable about Alien: Covenant. It feels more like an exercise than it does a movie.
Sadly,Alien: Covenantfeels like warmed over gruel. The ending (as expected, you'll find more than one) won't provide much closure.
Ridley Scott continues his splattering sci-fi franchise with another slithery creature-feature.
An awkward marriage between intellectual exercise and suspenseful creature feature
There are plenty of reasons to shut your eyes and cross your legs while watching this film, but is that the same as being scared?
Unfortunately, tying everything together isn't nearly as tidy as you would hope and the result is a movie that, even with its share of moments, feels kind of clunky and unsatisfying.
A superior film to its predecessor and, maybe, with different circumstances, boosting its influence and effectiveness, it would've reached the highest spot in the "Alien" pyramid
It bats around big ideas about creation, faith and free will, but never does Scott forget his first mission is to entertain - and on that front, "Covenant" holds up its end of the deal.
It's not as good as the original.
The film is a masterclass in balancing gory horror and high-minded science fiction.
Scott's latest, with a bit of creative editing and rewrites, would have made a fascinating Blade Runner film. Unfortunately, it makes for a terrible Alien film.
Working in references to Milton, Michelangelo and Percy Shelley's "Ozymandias" rather than to Marvel, mutants and Depp's Jack Sparrow, it's clear that Alien: Covenant isn't a typical summer blockbuster.
Leverages the franchise's canon into bold, existential ideas about artificial intelligence and the relationship between gods and monsters; fathers and sons.
This incarnation certainly isn't a bad film; it's simply an annoying one because it's so full of itself.
It's a movie obsessed with authorship, chock full of revisions and refinements as directed by a legendary tinkerer who never does know when to leave well enough alone.
Director Ridley Scott clearly wants to give us more than *just* an 'Alien' movie. But his film is best when it aims for that simple goal.
Blood and guts and suspense and terror and big action with big guns, crafted with Scott's artful eye for image and design.
The franchise took a backslide with the undercooked Prometheus, but Alien: Covenant is a welcome return to form for director Ridley Scott and the franchise.
There is fun to be had, despite the characters making the same dumb mistakes that were made in the last movie...and the one before that...and so on.
The creature's return is, in fact, triumphant, as is Scott's return to the roots of his beloved sci-fi franchise.
There's more monster for the buck than there was in the previous Prometheus, but the human hosts don't make an impression. I'll walk that back. Katherine Waterston makes an impression, a negative one.
It never offends, but with the words "Ridley Scott" and "Alien movie" in close proximity, you expect a lot better.
Alien: Covenant rules, go see it.
It's thrilling when a science-fiction story aims this high. The series is on solid ground with Alien: Covenant.
Doesn't necessarily break any new ground, but it does represent a new starting point in the franchise and should stand as a solid base upon which to build and explore new territory.
Covenant feels decidedly moment-free. It won't be ranked with the worst entries in the series but, in the long run, it will probably go down as franchise filler.
It's nowhere near as bad as Life, this spring's other alien-running-amok-on-a-spacecraft movie. But for a franchise known for things bursting out of people's chests, this one will barely elevate your heart rate.
Thrills, chills and buckets of gore add up to a bloody good show.
This desire for procreation and preservation of the self - human, alien or artificial - is what motivates every being in the Alien universe, and in Covenant, Scott sets up a thrilling thunderdome in which we can watch this bloody battle unfold.
n space, no one can hear you scream. But without a direct connection to the crew, why would you even bother? Scott tries to harpoon a leviathan of metaphysics with a toothpick of thought and a few barbed allusions to American culture.
Splendid visual effects and plenty of nostalgia makes this latest Alien prequel an action-filled space horror which is sharper than its immediate predecessor.
Bridging the gap between Prometheus and the original Alien movie, Covenant marries its prequel's ontological questions with visceral gore and gripping tension.
If this is your idea of a good time, you can tick away the film's two-plus hours guessing which crew members will get offed, and in what order.
The film resonates not because of its scares or effects, but thanks to the simple fact that the filmmaker wholly commits to building an atmosphere of sadness and dread around it.
Stylish, but soulless... a good deal of unearned solemnity, along with soggy scripting, poor character development, and, worst of all, an insufferable insistence to keep answering questions nobody was asking in the first place.
Alien: Covenant is pretty good: Two gripping hours of sci-fi dread, horror-movie splatter, and-sure-some fairly goofy myth building.
Clearly, Scott read the room, and realized the route he originally wanted to take following Prometheus wasn't going to cut it, so Covenant is a direct bridge between it and a full on reboot of the franchise.
These films have run out of ideas. Two Michael Fassbenders are not twice as good.
Peel away the big budget genre film's veneer of Western Civ for Dummies (Michelangelo, Wagner, Byron and Shelley) and what you have is rather conventional Lego blocks of sci-fi horror.
In space, no one can hear you yawn.
Scott... once again he shows why he was always the man for the job.
Covenant is the first one that truly feels like an attempt to dumb it down to formula.
The movie is a little underwhelming in its over-familiarity. But Scott manages to make all the customary creature mayhem feel hair-raisingly fresh.
Sure, there's more blood, and guts, to appease fans, but at what cost?
"Alien: Covenant" is a cheap, obvious horror prequel to Ridley Scott's 1979 "Alien." It fits into his canon of violent science fiction entries, but this film lessens the legacy of the franchise.
An Alien movie that's one part Prometheus' philosophy, one part Alien's horror, and one part Alien 3's unrelenting bleakness.
Everything is handled skillfully, but I just wish the story had more originality rather than recycling of previous material. (Full Content Review for Parents - Violence, Profanity, Nudity, etc. - also Available)
Been there, been scared plenty by that. What else you got?
Alien: Covenant progresses into a somewhat watchable yet entirely underwhelming midsection that does, more often than not, seem to be spinning its wheels.
The new film is intended to act as several things, none of them particularly admirable.
...a conventional sci-fi film so completely lacking in the spark that made [Scott's] previous work so compelling.
The first "Alien" had better special effects. Watch it instead.
Alien: Covenant is the prequel to Alien I imagine people thought they were getting when they heard about Prometheus.
A film that fails to cause anguish like the first, and with a predictable and bland end. [Full review in Spanish]
Unfortunately, Alien: Covenant is not really up to bearing the weight of the yarn it wants to spin.
Alien: Covenant is the best we can hope for. That said, I'd like to think that Scott has one more truly great Alien movie left in him somewhere. Maybe we'll get it next time.
An Alien movie so you pretty much know how it goes. Characters sleepwalk to their doom in a dark, alien landscape. Michael Fassbender's performance makes this one worth it.
It can't surprise us as the early films did. Instead, it plays in the margins, providing variations on a theme.
Alien: Covenant is half Prometheus sequel/ half Alien prequel and in many ways, it feels like a missed opportunity, but it's probably the best Alien film this side of Alien Resurrection or Alien 3; so for now at least I'm happy to chew the fat.
Covenant is at its best when the horror aspect of the film comes to the fore, the problem is that one has to be patient while the scriptwriters amble down thematic blind alleys.
Yet director Ridley Scott -- who birthed the original nearly 40 years ago as well as that last film -- plunges back into the latter's mythology, with equally uninspired and perhaps more blatantly derivative results.
It is Fassbender, in dual roles, who is the real focus of the movie, and he is the best he's been in years-perverse, haunted, magnetic, touching and unique.
Despite a few remnants of the earlier film's obscure genesis story, most of the action in Covenant plays like an elaboration on the original Alien (1979).
Alien: Covenant is a slasher flick with delusions of grandeur. It's depressing and easy to dismiss. I urge you to do just that.
It's not the greatest show on earth, no, but it's a bloody, scary, energetic two hours at the movies -- proof positive that when the words Alien and Ridley Scott appear in the same sentence, it's cause for excitement.
Fassbender embraces the surface traits of both these human simulacrums then allows the emotional complications to slowly, subtly emerge as their interactions become more and more discordant.
It takes Covenant an ungodly amount of time to get to this point. A good half-hour could have been carved out of this thing, making for a much leaner, meaner, meatbag-exploding horror flick.
A shamelessly high-minded, Byron-and-Shelley-quoting existential inquiry into the origin of three species and the nature of belief that goes slumming in genre territory just enough to get itself greenlit.
Alien: Covenant combines high-minded sci-fi ideas with the visceral horror-inspired shock aspects of a slasher movie.
Scott has seen fit to include a gay couple and it's a pleasure to watch how quietly and matter-of-factly they're revealed. They're here. They're queer. They're alien food.
Alien: Covenant may follow what seems like a blueprint at this point ... but the film provides a tantalizing combination of effective horror and troubling ideas.
For fans who got impatient with the previous movie's philosophical musings and just wanted to see more hapless humans being eviscerated, Covenant delivers.
The most shocking part about Alien: Covenant, though, is how unshocking it actually is. For all its slick effects and brooding burnish, the film is a by-the-numbers retread of can't-miss Alien tropes amassed over four decades of deep-space marauding.
Should folks partake, appreciation of Fassbender's dual performances will resonate more profoundly as he's given much with which to work.
Alien: Covenant takes place prior to the events of the original Alien (1979), but since it was filmed in the mid-2010s, it's an impressive technical achievement, with amazing CGI special effects plunging us deep into outer space and deep into the future.
The movie is often incomprehensible, despite the four-person team of writers hired to extract a meatball of coherence from the spaghetti of non sequiturs served up in the most recent Alien movie, Prometheus.
a leg of the journey that fails to expand on the promise of what came before and doesn't hold a candle to what comes after.
Clearly, the elder Scott's aim is on the scares - and oh, what satisfying, terrifying, screams-echoing-down-a-ship's-corridor scares they are.
Scott is a great filmmaker. The sights, as always, are remarkable. The suspense is superb -- even more than it was the last time in Prometheus.
The good news is that David is back, in a way that doubles down... on his potential and gives Mr. Fassbender lots to do. And the bad news? This new Alien prequel is mostly a gore fest, which may be great news for gluttons of the genre.
Lack of direction maroons "Covenant."
A story like this can't get by on terror alone. It also needs good actors to put it across, and Alien: Convenant more than delivers on that score.
Rarely do I comment on characters' hairstyles... but the decision to give Waterston a hybrid bowl-cut/Prince Valiant bob is one of the most ill-advised things this film does. And in a film that treats its audience like morons, that is saying something.
The movie's finale hints at another sequel. So, it seems Scott is going to continue lugging his franchise through space, until it comes full circle and the Nostromo appears on the horizon.
A stylish, oddly bookish monster movie told in the form of a macabre theological revenge story.
Scott is giving the audience what it wants, but purists may wonder whether simply re-watching "Alien" would have provided scarier, more genuine jolts.
Ridley Scott finishes what he started in Prometheus: the story of David (Michael Fassbender), a sentient creation who discovers that his creator is laughably inferior, but still potentially useful.
Alien: Covenant is a vicious and thoughtful ... piece of science fiction that provides Scott with an epic canvas on which to paint his terrifying vision.
A coolly effective entry in the series, delivering some real jolts along the way.
It's scary and fun and leaves us looking forward to the next chapter.
It's a maddeningly uneven picture, with an action climax staged and executed with the air of a contractual agreement. But as with "Prometheus," the most elegantly wrought sequences make up for the monster stuff plainly less interesting to Scott.
Gory, Gothic and more than a little goofy.
As an A-level horror movie, "Alien: Covenant" is satisfying enough to arguably stand as the third-best entry in the series, after "Alien" and James Cameron's majestic "Aliens" (1986).
Ridley Scott's Alien: Covenant is every bit a shriek-worthy, blockbuster thrill ride, but with the intelligence, wit and stunning visuals that restore our expectations. It's not perfect, but makes up for a lot of transgressions.
Somewhat rescues the bewildering Prometheus (2012) after the fact ... A darkly enchanting adventure... While the grim, scary action of the first and third acts is impeccably done, it was that long, meditative second act that I enjoyed the most.
The alternate title for this latest space thriller might be Alien: Again. This B-movie trope seems unworthy of director Ridley Scott and company. While it's well-made and never dull, you can learn all the exposition you need from the trailer
Intriguing, repulsive, sometimes terrifying and with some dark twists - all we expect from a movie in the series. [Full review in Spanish]
Has intriguing ideas that are swallowed up in the formulaic rehashing of past Alien imagery.
Yes, it's visually striking -- except for the aliens themselves, rendered in weightless, glossy CG -- but it's also incoherent and pointlessly complicated, compounding the franchise with another unnecessary layer of space junk.
It has to be admitted that Scott and his team have retained their ability to make the flesh crawl.
Its success lies in that fact that Scott has remembered what made the franchise work so well in the early days -- and he milks it to the max.
The filmmakers take full advantage of recent advances in visual and special effects technology to capture the viscous creatures in all their erotic grotesquerie.
This movie may be a convulsively entertaining throwback to Scott's glory days, but to look upon Fassbender, with his icy and seductive post-human gaze, is to behold this franchise's future.
A film that mostly delivers the goods, even if it doesn't quite possess the nerve-racking suspense of the first film nor the electric Earth mom-vs.-alien mom catharsis of James Cameron's "Aliens."
Let me first say this: Alien: Covenant... is actually, against all odds, a pretty great film. But let me also add this: the actual alien, when it does show up feels slightly pointless.
Alien: Covenant is a welcome blast of nostalgia for horror fans who love a blood-drenched, chest-bursting monster. For the rest of us, it's more stale than scary.
Nobody comes to see Alien: Covenant for surprises of the pleasant sort. The unpleasant ones come at us with such intensity that in this space, everyone really can hear you scream.
Though the scale is large and the action takes up a fair chunk of the screen time, "Alien: Covenant" remains grounded in its ideas and in the struggles of its individual characters.
It's a satisfying have-your-cake and eat-it-too 'Alien' prequel that's more of a 'Prometheus' sequel and thus should satisfy both camps.
Scott's "Alien" franchise still entertains and horrifies, but with two more movies still to arrive, the screenwriters need to find new ways to delve into its mythology.
It's covering old ground - the shocking originality of the first Alien is a one-time thing. No worries. I'd rank Ridley Scott's Alien: Covenant with the best of the series, right after the initial one-two punch. Fans are going to freak out.
Mr. Scott is, in any case, a nearly spoiler-proof filmmaker. Even his lesser efforts are infused with enough craft and energy to keep you engaged and surprised, and "Alien: Covenant" is no exception.
Covenant manages to bridge the navel-gazing of the first prequel with the edge-of-your-seat tension of the original Alien - with more than a little action thrown in for fans of Aliens.
Covenant does succeed in continuing Prometheus' ambition to deepen the Alien mythology with a meaning-of-life bent.
It has plenty of scares and an actual plot, which, if sometimes predictable - all of these movies are in some ways the ultimate game of survival - is still satisfying.
This latest extravaganza set inside this particular universe might just be the most nihilistic and disturbing entry in the series yet.
The xenomorphs feel like an afterthought in this predictable PROMETHEUS sequel, but it's still an entertaining ride with some memorable moments.
An uneven film saved by Ridley Scott, the presence of Michael Fassbender and for those final 15 minutes. [Full review in Spanish]
"Covenant" rips through plot points and action set pieces with the speed of a xenomorph ripping through flesh. The story is a whirlwind smash-and-grab.
It's not as scary as Alien or as fun as Aliens, and despite some visually impressive moments, it looks more like a typical sci-fi blockbuster than the distinctive work of H.R. Giger. The only truly worthwhile scenes are with Fassbender's David.
Like Alien 3, Covenant has plenty to interest, but not a whole lot to scare.
[S]cary as hell, and will give you a spectacularly bloody good time at the theater.
Come for the Fassbenders, stay for the nihilism and grotesquerie, and emerge with at least a few questions and curiosities on your mind.
The dialogue of Alien: Covenant is often clunky and its plot repetitious. (As usual these days, there are too many climaxes.) But it's scary and splatterful, which is all it really needs to be.
It's all "Alien Classic," only with more of everything.
None of the scenery, plot turns, bit players or "themes" add anything new to the recipe.
Ridley Scott has stated his intention to continue with the saga but he has to take notes of the errors or he will continue to depend on Fassbender's infinite versatility. [Full review in Spanish]
Ridley Scott doesn't manage to surpass the best films of the saga and seems trapped in a labyrinth, exhausted of imagination. [Full review in Spanish]
Works as a B-type monster movie, but considering both the prestige of its director and the franchise, it definitely could have been something more. [Full review in Spanish]
A blood-curdling sequel and worthy addition to the series certain to scare the living daylights out of you!
If you picked up some of what he was laying down in Prometheus, then Alien: Covenant will be a satisfying, even superior extension of that.
A return to form for director Ridley Scott.
This is the third best Alien movie after the first two, but don't be surprised if repeat viewings kick it up a notch.
Each piece is successful on it's own, but never feels cohesive in tone or structure for the betterment of the whole movie.
Delivers in terms of horror and suspense, despite a slow build up and some rather pretentious philosophical longueurs.
There is plenty to admire here.
There are long sections of Alien: Covenant that amount to the best filmmaking Scott has produced in decades. By the standards of contemporary blockbusters, it's a very deliberate film.
it fails the authenticity test, and gives rise to the sad thought that it's the result of a creative draught.
Continuing to address the philosophical big questions about where we come from, Ridley Scott's prequel delivers on all counts with substantial terror offerings that involve slime and squirting blood to ensure gleeful cinematic repulsion.
A gory, frenetic return to safe and familiar territory for Ridley Scott's epic Alien franchise.
Ridley Scott remains bent on the project of squeezing all suspense, mystery and terror (and, incidentally, life) out of the franchise that burst forth from his chest when he still had to listen to other voices .
There's a sort of soul to these films at their best, and here it's provided by the excellent Waterston, whose character seems like a gentler version of Ripley in the orginals.
It's so glassy and mechanical, it's no surprise that it's a story about a robot, the eerie blond automaton David (Michael Fassbender).
The only saving grace of the film's mostly recycled horrors is how they deepen Michael Fassbender's android David.
Those who doubted Ridley Scott after Prometheus may be forced to admit he knew what he was doing after all.
Grandiose, exhilarating, vertiginously cynical and symphonically perverse, and around a million miles from the crowd-pleasing Alien retread Twentieth Century Fox have presumably been begging [Ridley Scott] to make.
In a lot of ways is is a fairly predictable movie, hitting many of the same notes as its predecessors, despite its alleged efforts not to. But still a fine horror movie.
When a crewmember gapes curiously at the pulsating membrane inside an alien egg, what happens next is an unpleasant surprise for him, déjà vu for us.
Another evidence of Scott's artisanal talent for making compelling science fiction images with the use of chiaroscuro and symmetrical lines that contrast with the uneven and unknown beauty of nature. [Full review in Spanish]
You'll enjoy Alien Covenant, though you'll probably not be overexcited by it.
Alien: Covenant has all the same problems that Prometheus did, but the highs are higher, and the lows aren't as low.
From its deceptively gentle prelude to the majestic, Wagnerian finale, [Alien: Covenant] infuses the long-running series with a new lease on life.
When the creatures are finally allowed to go hogwild on the bleeding meat hanging off of our lead characters, there is a certain anarchic thrill, but one can't help but immediately acknowledge that we're just watching a pretty surface on a limp skeleton.
Make no mistake: Alien: Covenant is for the most part a terrifically exciting ride. But it never chills the marrow quite in the way the first film did.
Adding a convoluted mythology about the Xenomorph origins doesn't equate to scares, excitement, or entertainment value. There's simply no reason for this film to exist, regardless of its fleeting visual pleasures. This ship has definitely sailed.
...falls somewhere between the turgid mythologizing of Prometheus and the genre sleekness of the original.
You are, frankly, astonished that in the nearly four decades since Ridley Scott's first Alien burst spectacularly out of John Hurt's chest, this aggressive face pack of a creature... is still flourishing cinematically.
The saving grace is not one but two mischievous turns by Michael Fassbender.
It's not entirely free of the ludicrous ponderousness that so damaged Prometheus, and the chronology of these epics is now so convoluted that only hardcore fans could make proper sense of it all, and yet it is still scary... sort of.
An intergalactic dud, but will loyal fans care?
To be sure, Alien: Covenant serves up the usual combination of brilliant design, dazzling visual effects and D-grade story that we've come to expect. That said, there's enough movement, action and enjoyable silliness to make it worth sitting through.
If you like the Alien series, then Alien: Covenant is worth checking out. If you did not like Prometheus, don't expect much more.
In attempting to play off nostalgia - Alien's stomach-churning suspense, the electrifying action of Aliens, and the religious gravitas of Prometheus - Scott takes on more than one film could handle, and misses all three.
Scott leads us back to the future in more ways than one. This film, with its dripping gore and its nasty frights, is much truer to the spirit of the original Alien.
Not since George Lucas made his Star Wars prequels has a filmmaker revisited a franchise that he created and gone so wrong as Scott now does with his Alien prequels.
The only realistic situation in which these... Aliens... would even bother to waste a reflex glance in our direction would be if Trump accidentally lobs a nuke at Texas. But anyway, Michael Fassbender kisses Michael Fassbender in this movie!
The film moves restlessly between excitement and fever adding to the gallery of villains the worst of them all. [Full review in Spanish]
Although Covenant doesn't measure up to the original Alien (1979), but is an excellent piece of the space saga. [Full review in Spanish]
One jumps out of one seat, but one comes away unedified.
I wasn't invested in the characters and wasn't taken aback by anything that happened.
Alien Covenant is often intriguing, but it feels more like an explanation engine than a movie.
Thankfully there are few filmmakers on earth who can deliver violent spectacle quite like Scott.
There are lots of scares but a lack of a meaty script.
Alien: Covenant should please diehard fans but it needs a better script and more interesting characters if they are thinking of stretching out the series to yet another instalment.
Scott seems intent on mixing lengthy philosophical musings with crowd-pleasing action and it's actually the latter that proves least interesting.
[In the original "Alien," we got to know, and most important, empathize with the characters, especially Ripley (Sigourney Weaver) and, a little, the Alien. Not so in Ridley Scott's latest foray into his long-time franchise.
Scott has a lot of balls to juggle -- fan service, action and science-fiction -- but he manages to keep them all in the air, while adding new, genuinely horrific twists to the life cycle of the creatures fond of outsourcing their childcare to humans.
Handled with exacting care... jumps obviously but effectively between the musings of existential, philosophical science fiction, and the growing body count of unsettling horror.
What distinguishes Alien: Covenant is its flair in elevating horror beyond the purely physical.
Scott ensures that tension is maintained throughout and may even leave you gasping for breath on a couple of occasions.
Covenant unfolds as a hybrid of the ponderous philosophy in Prometheus and the run-and-gun survival tactics of the first two Alien movies, landing on plenty of satisfying beats but struggling to balance the dissonant approaches.
Even as a cog in a machine, Covenant isn't a very important one.
Covenant doesn't look to offer much of the same experience first undertaken in Scott's '79 science fiction-horror, but what we get instead is hardly lacking in brains or guts... and I mean that both figuratively and otherwise.
Alien: Covenant strikes a more favorable balance between the unwieldy philosophical ideas of Prometheus and the classic horror and suspense of the 1979 original film.
It's clear that Scott is no longer inspired by long-headed, scaly-tailed beasties; the characters who fascinate him are the philosophical replicants who were in his second science-fiction classic, Blade Runner.
This is the closest thing to a straight-up Alien remake the series has seen yet.
Alien: Covenant plays it safe by mashing together the best elements of previous Alien films, delivering a solid sci-fi horror/thriller in the process.
In space, no one can hear you giggle.
At long last, the Alien franchise has evolved.
Wildly uneven yet impossible to discount, continuing to confront big questions about the genesis of life and the mysteries of death.
The reason to look past the movie's issues is Fassbender.
What was once intended to be a brain-bleeding examination of the origin of life with horror cinema ornamentation has been become yet another "Alien" retread, and an anemic one at that.
In space no one can hear you yawn. Screaming, in the latest Alien movie, no longer seems a problem.
Part-fresh, part-nostalgic, and largely enjoyable, and certainly the best Alien movie since Aliens, although that's not saying much.
After a long, storied career of engaging, thought-provoking films, Ridley Scott has succumbed to the gutless predictability that Pauline Kael initially envisioned, and Alien: Covenant is precisely the carnival fare she saw in the 1979 original.
The latest iteration of the alien -- which comes in a few forms here -- is a triumph. Much like the film itself.
When the film strays from all of the recognizable conventions, it really shines and feels like something special.
There's a serious lack of dread throughout. Xenomorph pops out, someone dies instantly, repeat; it all happens so fast, you barely sense the fear.
Scott deftly combines the obligatory chest-bursting gore of the classic Alien movies with the mind-expanding philosophical questing of 2012's divisive demi-prequel Prometheus.
If you lower your expectations slightly and just take in the sheer spectacle of it all you won't be disappointed.
It's a tall order of thrills and theology that the ever gung-ho Scott, working from a script by John Logan and Dante Harper, comes close to pulling off.
The result is a perfectly acceptable sequel that should satisfy the die-hard fans of the series while also entertaining newcomers. What it isn't, though, is remotely original.
Every second here is tinged with dark foreboding, with the relentless tension that marked the 1979 original. And, for good measure, there's plenty of shooting aliens in the face, too.
In Alien: Covenant, the philosophising of Prometheus has been balanced with the heart-pounding thrills of Ridley Scott's original.
Alien: Covenant doesn't do anything new. It sticks to the formula established all those years ago and it gives you a thumping good time watching humans and slimy aliens kill each other off in brutal ways. But after 38 years, surely that's not enough?
The goal isn't to make you think but to simply "entertain", in short, didn't meet other expectations. [Full review in Spanish]
'Alien: Covenant' isn't the new jewel that many expected and that seems it wasn't made with true passion. [Full review in Spanish]
It's thrilling to see Scott play with iconography like face-huggers again, and do it so effectively.
A return to the dark, primal and transgressive terrors of the original movie.
This entry feels vital, freshly thought out and keen to keep us on our toes right up to the concluding scene.
Covenant is a tense, and sometimes delightfully gross, sci-fi thriller that has a great look, a solid cast, and for the most part addresses the mistakes of Prometheus. Somehow though, it doesn't quite add up to more than the sum of its parts.
In short, it's more of the same, which is both a relief to fans and a letdown to those hoping it might pave new ground.
Here's a sentence I'm just incredibly sad to type: Alien: Covenant is bad.
A rote disappointment. There is nothing shocking or even mildly unexpected here. But there is an ironic weakening of the power of the xenomorphs to terrify.
The Alien franchise: overthinking it since '92.
It's a well-made, well-acted monster movie with some interesting ideas that should hold up to repeat viewings, and while its uneven second half stops it from being a complete success, it's a lot of horrible fun.
Ridley Scott returns to the sci-fi thriller which made his name, and delivers an epic of spine-busting action, exotic locations and stunning design.
The result contains many moments close to the self-parody, and is as subtle as a pissed xenomorph, but there are moments of true ambition and madness. Virtues that this franchise hasn't show in many years. [Full review in Spanish]
Alien: Covenant is a straight rehash of the same story. It's deja vu all over again.
Alien: Covenant is not exactly what I anticipated, but this doesn't mean it's a complete disappointment. Trails of genius can be identified throughout the film. [Full review in Spanish]
The best entry in the franchise since James Cameron's Aliens. It includes more action, more suspense and more blood than its predecessor. Fans will be satisfied. [Full review in Spanish]
If you find your mind wandering during a chest-buster sequence, then you know the novelty has worn off.
For what it's worth, Ridley Scott's latest is a genuine thrill ride, with legit jump scares. But the narrative could have used a lot of work...and character development.
This is closer to the original film than any other instalment in the franchise - leaving one wondering if there is anywhere to go from here - with numerous knowing nods to the 1979 classic.
Exactly the film all but the most ardent apologists wanted from 2012's Prometheus.
Sharper, meaner, and meatier than Prometheus, Covenant's weak narrative drive stalls its brutal good intentions.
An upgrade from Prometheus, Alien: Covenant amps up the thrills but doesn't deliver a memorable crew member or the full-on onslaught of the series at its height.
It's a masterful piece of world building, epic in scale, with new monsters which will likely delight Alien freaks and HR Giger fans alike.
Alien: Covenant lays on the gore and ratchets up the shocks to eye-popping extremes.
We know where the aliens come from. We know how the sausage is made. In this, the dread that is drawn from that dark place in the heart - the fear of the unknown - is gone forever.
There is so much right about Alien Covenant that what is wrong at the third act is an incredible frustration.
At times a thrilling, stomach-churning journey, but one that leaves those on board wondering if the disorientation and down time was worth the investment.
Alien: Covenant is cruel and scary - it's a hard R, and the suspense levels are off the charts. The monsters ... are believable and terrifying.
A haunting descent into hell.
Be warned that Alien: Covenant is about 40 percent Alien, 50 percent Prometheus and 10 percent absolutely bonkers.
Here is a pretty-looking and aesthetically dazzling picture that dryly remakes the original 1979 classic with all the perfunctory effort of a master being commissioned to trace the lines of a previous work.
A tense, sleek, and wholly engrossing splice of Scott's previous two vital entries in the wide-ranging Alien franchise.
Alien: Covenant indulges in a spectacle that's been missing from summer movies for the past decade or so. It grosses you out and then laughs at you while you puke (not literally).
The film is very capably made, with forceful, potent performances from Waterston and Fassbender. That franchise title is, however, looking increasingly wrong. It is a bit familiar.
Ridley Scott could keep doing this for years. And he probably will.
Alien: Covenant seethes with self-importance yet is never boring or portentous. It can't come close to matching the greatness of the first two films in the series, but at least Scott seems to understand that these movies thrive on ambition.
Covenant raids its own trope cupboard, recycling plot points like the exhausted air in a ship that's spent too long in deep space.
Whether you want a Prometheus sequel or an Alien movie, you want a movie that feels cohesive, and there's no denying Covenant is a structurally challenged film that feels more like two movies slapped together in the name of audience appeal.
Come for the chestbursters, the movie says, stay for the deeper meditation of cruel Gods, mere mortals, and creators gone mad.
It may be missing a standout shock but Covenant keeps it's promise to horror fans.
A self-contained science fiction blockbuster that thrives in its simplistic premise.
The big-picture conversations that Scott and his team of screenwriters pose in Covenant are intriguing and comprise the majority of what makes this latest Alien installment so interesting.
What started out as a simple 'let's run away from this scary thing' is now so bogged down in its own mythology of why these scary things exist, it's almost unrecognizable.
An interstellar version of Friday the 13th, with a respectable ensemble of actors as the camp counselors and various fanged slimeballs filling in for Jason Voorhees.
It's a mixed bag that still works better than it should, given its absurdly huge ambitions.
Alien: Covenant is full of bad decisions, both by the creative team and by the characters themselves. There are good set pieces in Alien: Covenant, but the story connecting them is nonsense.
Scott has effectively created a satisfying hybrid of Alien, Prometheus and even James Cameron's Aliens.
For reasons too spoilery to give away, Fassbender is electric, giving a spectacularly skin-crawling performance.
Alien: Covenant goes the mainstream creature-feature route with vigor, even if story elements are overcomplicated and too hellbent on franchise tie-ins.
'Alien' fans will revel in the terror.
So familiar, so disposable, and so baselessly self-important that it might just make you lose faith in this franchise altogether.
Alien: Covenant is a lively and captivating ride that's gruesome, chilling and traumatic, which makes it all the more disappointing that it stagnates.

@highlight

Alien: Covenant delivers another satisfying round of close-quarters deep-space terror, even if it doesn't take the saga in any new directions.