When limited by budget, a good independent film turns in on itself and spotlights the actors, and that's where the meat is in this movie.
Done well, submarine movies are intense affairs that keep viewers glued to the screen as characters play breathtaking games of cat-and-mouse. Done poorly, they turn out like Phantom.
It's fun just to hear the lingo and watch the sailors go about their tasks, but not so fun when the captain's Dark Secret starts giving him cheesy, strobing flashbacks.
At least it seems to have a working knowledge of submarine procedures and terminology.
Inexcusably tedious, resulting in yawning boredom
Scuttle it.
Seriously, where's that giant octopus when you need him?
Harris, Duchovny and Fichtner lead a strong cast in a engrossing submarine adventure
Taut, tense sub drama is entertaining, despite cliches.
Phantom features some wonky visual effects, but one either buys into a film of this kind or not.
Ed Harris and company can't lift this one off the seafloor, and "Phantom" fades away into the murky mist.
Dramatically waterlogged and, despite the efforts of a strong cast, more than a little silly.
Slow start, fast finish.
Ed Harris is back in command and the world depends on him. Look out.
When it's focused, it comes together in satisfactory way, blending crew procedures with stratagem. When it loses its step, it's utterly forgettable, even with its submarine setting.
It's an okay military thriller. But considering the real-life story behind the tale, it could and should have been so much more. (Full Content Review for Parents also available)
Techs are OK and the cramped claustrophobia of pre-nuclear submarines is palpable. But, "Phantom" does not approach the last great submariner flick, "Das Boot (1981)"...
Even some faultless acting in the lead roles cannot redeem the preposterous goings-on in this throwback of a suspense thriller set aboard a Russian nuclear submarine at the height of the Cold War.
We get stern orders, dry technospeak and the occasional physical incident, but far less than what's required in such an apocalyptic setting.
The film remains mediocre, with flat cinematography and crudely anachronistic dialogue.
A game effort by a decent cast highlights the old-fashioned submarine thriller "Phantom," but heavy-handed dialogue, flurries of melodrama and a silly ending make the whole enterprise sink like a stone.
It's not something you want to plunk down $12 for, but just diverting enough to check out when it arrives on Netflix Instant.
[Its] admirable air of realism dissipates once Robinson takes viewers outside the sub, where torpedo skirmishes are staged with too-perfect CGI bombast.
At first glance, Phantom has the promise of being one of those surprise sleeper movies ... then, like me, you fall asleep for 10 minutes during the movie.
The stakes are as high as they could possibly be, which inevitably puts Robinson in a corner when it comes time to resolve the affair.
The result is a taut thriller that succeeds in spite of playing out the expected scenes of the 'sub' genre.
The writer-director, Todd Robinson, is eager to take on large themes. But he doesn't have the basic technique to make the story or the action (when there is some) comprehensible.
Writer/director Todd Robinson clearly cares passionately about the material but he loses track of the narrative.
"Phantom" has a pulpy B-movie intensity and economy to match its cast of quality character actors.
The basis for the film's confusing, cliché-stuffed plot is the mysterious sinking of a Soviet submarine in 1968 - an event around which Mr. Robinson spins a yarn of unpardonable monotony.
A modest thriller propelled by a strong cast and straightforward storytelling.
As one might expect from a submarine drama, Phantom is claustrophobic and confining. If only it were compelling.
A challenge that offers zero rewards.
An intriguing premise based on a real life Rogue Russian submarine back in 1968 is ruined by muddled story telling which saps any suspense out of a vehicle that should have been fueled by it.
Phantom offers no more plausible a vision of the doomed K-129 than A Good Day to Die Hard does of post-meltdown Chernobyl.
A rehash of other, better movies- but for what it is, it's not bad.
Ed Harris in "Phantom" is like Steve Carlton with the Philadelphia Phillies in 1972 - delivering a wall-to-wall, amazing performance that's lost in a sea of dreadfulness.
This story does not in the end sink or swim on warfare or anyone's U-boats but on the men who man them and the choices that must be made.
The plot is dragged down by a script filled with awkward exposition and blunt audience cues.
Crimson Tide this isn't.
A film that promises the threat of World War III sinks limply into the murky depths.
How did this submarine movie turn out so unseaworthy?
Much of what's contained in Phantom is at best speculative and at worst completely made-up. But, regardless of the accuracy, it makes for compelling viewing.
This underwater drama sinks itself with its overly formal dialogue, limited imagination and overheated dramatic leaps.
There's a lot to like about Phantom, but the movie, like the rust-bucket old submarine in which most of it takes place, would be better off dry-docked.
To sustain tension, you need the kind of claustrophobic camera movement, high-strung talk and gritty character development that are badly needed in any submarine movie and are sadly missing in Phantom.
What is up with combinations of Ed Harris, water, and unbelievably hokey endings?
As far as such potboilers go, Phantom is literate, tense and, thankfully, modest.
Mostly bland and often confusing, Phantom had potential to be a better movie.
Watchable, thanks to a stellar cast of character players.
The cinematic offenses committed by the filmmakers of "Phantom" are varied and many.
The potential for screw-tightening suspense gets lost amid the ineffectual dramatics in Phantom.
Todd Robinson's film is a third-rate submarine-set drama until, in its final moments, it sinks to fourth-rate.
Here's the big ugly secret about Phantom. It's good.


@highlight

A cast of solid actors do what they can to elevate the material, but Phantom 's script is too clunky and devoid of tension to bear comparison to its thematic predecessors.