The always immaculate, passionate and soulful Jenifer Lewis -- she could read the words in a phone book and make you feel it. The Hollywood veteran nearly saves the film.
This is glossy, forgettable fare more at home as a TV matinée.
That's a reasonable message, but it might feel more resonant if the script were a little fairer to both sexes.
It is unspeakably naff, unintentionally funny and unapologetically Christian. Judged on its own terms, it's a resounding success. But for non-believers it will likely prove a living purgatory.
It has all the philosophical depth of a greetings card message but it's underscored with a nasty little edge of misogyny.
What should be easily broken is a large china vase over the head of everyone involved in this profoundly creepy, yucky, and chillingly reactionary relationship drama.
Not Easily Broken is 99 long minutes worth of sobbing and hand wringing, with little insight and even less humour. Deadly stuff.
This is sermonising, not drama, and I suspect I won't be alone in finding it obnoxiously misogynistic.
With its sermonising about the importance of being strong in the face of marital adversity - not to mention a sappy voiceover on the nature of suffering - the film feels more like a lecture than a drama.
rather crude, occasionally risible, if never actively dislikeable melodrama.
This lump of telly melodrama is basically a bland, off-puttingly shouty sermon in film's clothing.
Well acted, but ultimately disappointing drama that's let down by a tedious script, sluggish direction, cloying sentimentality and an overwhelmingly sanctimonious central message.
Reactionary, misogynistic marital drama.
The film so goes against the grain of seculist and feminist thought that you just have to shrug your shoulders and ask: Hell, is it any good as a movie? Not really.
a Tyler Perry movie without the Tyler Perry
If the crisis the couple endures seems real, the resolution needs a little more work to be convincing.
The terrific ensemble cast...help to invigorate Not Easily Broken from being merely a ho-hum, contrived film to a mildly engaging melodrama much like a Tyler Perry film.
...saved from being substandard Tyler Perry material by the sincere performances of the two stars...
This isn't a 'religious movie.' But it's about characters who do indeed have religion in their lives.
Mostly, Not Easily Broken is a pat portrayal of a marriage, neither overly dull nor especially engaging.
'Don't go all Waiting to Exhale on me,' advises one of Clarice's soul sisters late in the film. If only.
Laughter through tears is director Bill Duke's M.O., and he hits the bull's-eye of that modest target.
A movie with a moral and a message that is still entertaining
There is a lot more grit and realism on display here than most faith-based movies.
Not Easily Broken isn't perfect. It's a tad preachy at times. Yet it also lifts spirits with the power of emotional healing and forgiveness. Amen to that.
Playing the funny friend, Kevin Hart stands out--a welcome relief from the low-simmering, Promise Keeper-esque ethos that fuels this piece.
Humorous asides in no way interfere with the ability of this modern parable to drive home a sobering message about the sanctity of marriage. Faith-based entertainment at its best that you don't have to be Born Again to appreciate.
I'll remember [Jenifer Lewis'] ferocity long after I've forgotten everything else about this movie.
[It] has the saving grace of a lively sense of humor that certainly helps the spiritual medicine go down.
The movie sinks beneath a great mass of clichés until the audience has no choice but to wearily raise its hands in surrender.
Not Easily Broken isn't perfect, but it is persuasive in its portrait of a husband and wife who must decide whether their frayed marriage is worth fighting to save.
A well-crafted message picture disguised as soap opera.
Not Easily Broken would make a decent parable for use in a church sermon, but does not deserve your hard-earned money to be seen in an overly padded movie format.
Why go for imitation Tyler Perry when the master is so industrious? Perry's next one should be along in about 10 minutes.
It turns out, though, that a woman can save any marriage with a little home cooking and extra sex.
It's as simplistic, reductive, and heavy-handed as Deep Cover was gloriously ambiguous.
Not Easily Broken, battles credibility problems. Even so, Duke crafts some nice scenes between Henson and Lewis as the movie pushes their own relationship to a point of catharsis.
Like some marriages, it has its flaws, but perhaps it's the good stuff that's worth focusing on.
Not Easily Broken leavens the soap opera with a big heart and lots of belly laughs.
Those who take something of value from a sermon about the necessity for self-sacrifice will certainly be drawn into this well-meaning movie, but those looking for genuine drama should probably look elsewhere.
Not Easily Broken is well-acted and involving, though this relationship drama may put some people off with its overt sentimentality and moralizing.
Not Easily Broken exerts an unmistakable appeal, thanks to an absorbing story and fine performances from Morris Chestnut and Taraji P. Henson.
For once, the following can be declared: the film is better than its trailer.
A queasy mix of comedy, melodrama, and self-help spirituality.
For most of Not Easily Broken, I wondered why the movie wasn't worse. Then I remembered it was directed by the veteran Bill Duke, who applies ample TLC.
In Not Easily Broken, only the husband is a hero-in-the-making. His wife, unfortunately, is nothing but a fall gal.
Atlanta-based playwright Tyler Perry owns the urban moral fable, but the handful of others clamoring for their piece of the pie include mega-church entrepreneur T.D. Jakes, ...
Uneven family/marriage dramedy has some mature themes.
The pigeonholed characters constrict Chestnut and the usually good Henson from portraying fully developed adults; the same dilemma hits most of the supporting cast.
Ultimately, Not Easily Broken is too sincere, and frankly, offers too much in the way of social comment to let its shortcomings outweigh its strengths.
Not Easily Broken is not easily dismissed. For one thing, the cast is excellent, and for another, its intentions are serious and generous.
Parental Content Review
Director Bill Duke has no idea how to shape or visualize it, turning it into a mushy mess with far too much loud music to drive home the emotions.
There's much to like about Not Easily Broken, but not enough to ultimately recommend.
The film is saddled with convoluted and contrived plots that makes one question what its initial intentions are.
It is an insult to the viewer in every single way imaginable, so destructively manipulative it makes everything that happens next nearly unwatchable.
Director Bill Duke can't avoid the stereotypes... or the sermonizing of the lesson.
It's the film's earnest delivery and good intentions that give it whatever value it has.
A long, obvious slog into marital melodrama.
Remarkably the movie, like the couple at its center, isn't easily broken.
It's predictable but ultimately moving; a glimpse of a bond near-broken yet straining to become whole again.
Henson, in a role that could easily have degenerated into an angry-black-woman caricature, is better than the material deserves.
A salient spin on responsibility, race, and going the distance.
It takes head-to-toe protective padding to survive all the hysteria and tragedy, making the viewing experience more about wincing than Jesus-approved enlightenment.
It's one thing to have your heart in the right place and another to lunge at the audience until they're effectively devouring your chest.
Not Easily Broken is a marriage-in-crisis melodrama baked from the Tyler Perry recipe.



@highlight

Though well-intentioned, Not Easily Broken is bogged down by melodramatic plotting and stereotypical characters.