Check your brain at the door.
From the opening, adrenalin-pumping prison bus escape to a heart-pounding car theft aboard a fast-moving train, Fast Five throws it down from the jump.
Each movie has two very good action scenes, usually at either end, but then about an hour and a half of the most asinine tough-guy nonsense between them.
...achieves the sort of zen chaos that defines the Die Hard films
Hard-core fans of the series with enjoy it but others should steer away from this over-the-top action flick.
Forty minutes of this movie are big dumb fun. The other 85 forget the fun part.
Has really transformed this series from camp action cinema to exciting heist cinema.
The last 2 entries were stupid too, but at least this one was well directed and features some of the most impressive stunt work I've seen in years.
Fast Five boasts incredible action scenes that are all varied and equally exciting. The film is full of clean, well choreographed shots that are easy to watch and the cast works great as a whole unit, making the film's running time breeze by.
Like a shot of nitro to the franchise and shows there's plenty left in the tank.
Manages to be more fun than any movie with its outrageous carbon footprint has any right to be.
The series has found new traction in the heist format -- resulting in a fun and immensely entertaining ride.
One film was enough, two was plenty, but five is just absurd. Undoubtedly, there will be several people who will flock to this film just because it has cars zooming back and forth, so at least some people will be pleased with it.
The jauntier vibe makes for easier viewing between the big high-speed car set pieces, which are every bit as big, loud, and crazily over-the-top preposterous as one would expect and hope.
It's about cars, girls and fighting and doesn't pretend to be anything else. For sheer gall alone, "Fast Five" provides much entertainment. Just not much intellect.
Fast Five is grindingly mechanical -- and not just because of all the emphasis on car repairs and retooling.
Forget physics, it's just a fun blast of action movie ingenuity, as is the film as a whole.
It's not like I'm asking for The Road Warrior... just some basic coverage and a less-than-total reliance on camera movement to generate excitement.
Director Justin Lin has a spooky, second sense for staging bombastic action sequences, even if he breaks every law in physics to make them work.
Spins its wheels. Shifts between gravel-voiced speeches (about true family) and bicep-offs. Throttling dialogue, long hard looks, and heist clichés skid on for blocks.
There's arguably even more gun and car play than in F&F4, with the prolonged car chase finale easily chiming in as the best, most imaginative one in the franchise so far.
It's trying so hard to pleasepleasepleasepleaseplease. But that's also why it's entertaining
For those needing preposterous stunts, laugh-out-loud bad dialogue, testosterone-fueled posturing and an "Ocean's 11"-like plot apparently written by and for 13-year-old boys.
nostalgic for older team films, and a world in which people interacted face to face
'Fast Five delivers what a dumb, popcorn flick is supposed to and easily passes my standard 'guy-movie' litmus test -- it makes one want to drive fast after seeing it, high gas prices or not. (Parental Content Review also available)
...a frustratingly protracted piece of work that should have been so much better...
Street racing is dialed down in favour of Ocean's Eleven-style heist plotting and favela gunplay straight out of Call Of Duty: Modern Warfare 2.
Fifth time's the charm.
a loud, full-throttled, bombastic heist flick with no apologies for its obsessions with speed, violence, intensity,
Cars zoom, guns blaze, and the quips fly with wild abandon, but the biggest achievement to be found here is the pairing of Vin Diesel and Dwayne Johnson. About effing time.
[Johnson's] skin looks as though it's been slathered in butter; his enjoyment is infectious and keeps the movie speeding along.
Though the smash-bang chases make for dumb fun, it all mostly cruises in a noisy neutral. And with his film clocking in at over two hours, director Justin Lin might have raised his own speed limit.
Whichever way you take it, all I can say for sure is that I want that cherry 1970 Dodge Charger. I want it bad.
Cutting right to the chase, Fast Five is sure to make a furious run at the box office.
While this is the best in the franchise since the first film, I still don't like it because watching Vin Diesel in anything makes me want to punch myself in the face...and that's just not healthy.
Occasionally, though not frequently enough, something awesome happens.
Despite the movie's overlong feel (it clocks in at 130 minutes) and its general lack of originality or responsibility, it has enough slam-bang, popcorn-munching action to keep most fans happy.
Even with the over-the-top acting of Dwayne Johnson and mind-numbing action sequences the film is actually watchable.
Maybe being pretty darn dumb is part of its charm.
This movie is so drenched with testosterone, it belongs on Major League Baseball's banned substances list.
All that distinguishes Fast Five from this year's crop of crappy action films is a modicum of craft, cleverness and restraint.
People die, cars collide, things get blown sky high. But none of it feels at all suspenseful. Lin is much better at comedy relief, which includes a sexy con by Gadot, who beats the all-hands drug czar at his own game.
Sequel number four proves this franchise isn't getting older - it's getting better.
[T]here's more testosterone in the Rock's goatee than in the testicles of 100 lesser men.
Dom and O'Connor repeat the urban ethnic mythology that started with James Cagney and Pat O'Brien in 1930s gangster films at Warner Bros. studios, but update realities to include contemporary, post-Civil Rights-era race-mixing.
Vin Diesel and Dwayne "The Rock" Johnson square off in a movie at last. It's a cosmic event, like some freak planetary collision.
Actual effort on a "part 5" is not too common; results as unexpectedly entertaining as Fast Five are rarer still.
A screeching, testosterone-propelled fifth installment for this durable, high-octane franchise.
For those of us who thought Diesel and Dwayne "The Rock" Johnson were "separated at birth," these two have a best-of-the-baldies throwdown that rocks our action loving world.
"Fast Five" is easily one of the best in the series. Fast cars, romance, family ties and a heist comparable to that of "Oceans Eleven".
Great action. I just wish 'Fast Five' would have been 35 minutes shorter, so then it could truly be called FAST.
So long as they're driving it's fine, but whenever they stop to open their mouths, it grinds to a halt.
Another dazzling display of stunt driving and death-defying car chases involving souped-up, stolen automobiles.
Don't leave your brain at the door like other critics are suggesting, just hide it behind a beer helmet and gleefully guzzle Teh Stoopid away.
A dumb, ridiculous movie filled with enough tough-guy stares and male posturing to last you the entire summer. But it's also high on extreme stunts and crazy car crashes, carried off with minimal aid from CGI, which is actually very refreshing.
It's big, loud, dumb, over-the-top and mostly substanceless. But it works, perhaps better than ever before.
One those exceptional sequels, even better than the original film, 'The Fast and the Furious.'
Stating that Fast Five is the best of the Fast and the Furious series is perhaps like claiming that the Big Mac is the best hamburger served at McDonald's: It's not so much a declaration of excellence as an example of damning with faint praise.
One of the better entries in the series. That's not to say it isn't big and dumb, only that its big dumbness is executed with some degree of competence.
...opens with a bang and picks up speed from there...spectacular cinematography...loaded to the gills with high octane music.
Wow, the only way this film could be more ludicrous is if they actually cast Ludacris in it. Oh wait...
The last 20 minutes or so of Fast Five are as immensely pleasurable as anything I've seen in a movie theater this year.
All together now ... if you loved the first four Furious films there's no reason on Earth why you won't dig Fast Five
That force of chaotic and unsatisfiable desire that Freud called the id is much closer to the surface in a movie like "Fast Five" than ever before in action-cinema history, and part of Lin's peculiar genius is that he barely tries to conceal it.
The film's plot rarely makes sense and the script is lackluster, but who cares when each chase is composed of the right amount of speed and clarity? Lin never puts his foot on the break until the last possible second.
The action in this movie is the key to what makes it fun. Who cares about the plot, character, story or even physics at this point. If it looks cool on screen, it works.
The calendar may say that Summer is a few months away, but the escapist entertainment that the season is known for starts today with the release of this rocking thrill ride, one of the most purely enjoyable movies in a long time.
The chemistry of the core cast - steered by Vin Diesel and Paul Walker - keeps this outing from running on fumes.
The whole thing progresses to one of the looniest heists of all time. The result is the most exciting, visually jazzy, and absurd entry in the series.
As always, the action combines buff bods, sculpted sheet metal, testosterone, guns, bone-crushing throwdowns, tattoos, revving engines and a "Transformers"-like delight in having as many things as possible smash into each other
Sure, the plot, dialogue and acting are as silly as usual. But buoyed by a sparkling Rio setting and an awesomely staged third-act action setpiece, Fast Five is the series' best outing since the original.
This is what a summer movie should be - knowingly silly, fun, light, thrilling, packed with real stunts and not-so-subtle gayness.
Originality isn't Fast Five's goal so much as distillation; Lin's aim is to make the ultimate version of a Fast and the Furious film and the third time appears to be the charm for him as director. Fast Five is the best of the series.
As the summer of 2011 approaches with the speed of a souped-up Dodge Charger, I'm going to take my action-movie blessings where I can find them.
It's still a 'check your brains at the door' action entry, but as a thrill ride it, sets the high bar for the summer's releases.
[The] whole thing [is] an exuberant hodgepodge of homoerotic macho action and heist film clichés filled with winning dialogue and sensational, if utterly unbelievable, action sequences.
Fast Five's final chase sequence involving a stolen vault is, hands down, the best action sequence of the entire franchise.
Watching Fast Five is like being savagely beaten for two hours and ten minutes by the staff at Advance Auto Parts.
There's check-your-brains-at-the-door and then there's brain-dead. Fast Five, the improbable fourth sequel to The Fast and the Furious, falls somewhere between the two.
Making sure the audience knows that the writers ''get it'' with a little humor and some crazy action makes the silliness easy to forgive and fun to watch.
Finally, The Rock has come back to the action genre.
You can't say Fast Five delivers the goods, but it delivers what it's supposed to.
With a bit better plot and character familiarity, Fast Five is more fun than the original and now ranks - at least in this critic's opinion - as the best of the bunch.
Always preposterous though never actually silly, knowingly funny without ever being self-conscious, Fast Five is a passable action flick that will more than entertain its core audience.
Fifth entry in the series could be the best, with a muy macho cast and delirious action sequences delivering exactly what fans want.
Bold and beautiful in its hard-charging simplicity.
A paean to reckless driving and fuel inefficency, this fifth film in the franchise is the most spectacular and elaborate yet, bringing new meaning to the term 'muscle car' by pitting series regular Vin Diesel against Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson.
The supreme idiocy on display really wouldn't matter if the film just bothered to acknowledge it.
A balls to the wall action film, and never for a second does it deviate.
Doesn't make much sense, but its action works
"Fast Five" is the perfect definition of a guilty-pleasure movie. In this film, what stunt drivers and stunt people do with their machines and bodies defy the laws of physics, nature and reason.
Embarrassingly fun, the sort of speedy, senseless, violence-crammed action flick that virtually defines the summer season, with superheroes who aren't gods or crusaders in tights but guys in T-shirts and jeans who can drive cars really fast.
Even with wooden acting and dreadful dialogue, the action-packed charms of Fast Five cannot be denied.
I can forgive a lot if you make me leave the theater thinking "THAT... WAS... AWESOME."
With its sweat glistening off tanned muscles mannerism and hard-nosed bare knuckle bravado, Fast Five is the perfect cure for a Spring season filled with failed attempts at recapturing past glories.
Easily the best film in the series! If you can turn your brain off and not be too persnickety about dialogue and acting, you will be blown-away by the action!
If there were any more testosterone here, Jose Canseco could have boiled down the screen and injected it.
If Hollywood can make the rest of the summer as brainlessly fun as this then maybe people will start going back to the multiplex.
If you're in the mood for the cinematic equivalent of sugar and trans fats, the film delivers with one physics-defying set piece after another.
All I can say is that I am now dreading Part Six and looking to Part Seven with something resembling vague optimism, especially if all involved can use the time to steal a better and tighter plot along the way.
The more outrageous it becomes the more impossible the film is to criticize.
There's good stuff, but it's the weakest of the "Fast" films.
By shifting into a previously untapped gear, it delivers the most entertaining "Fast and Furious" adventure while also getting 2011's summer movie season off on the right lead foot.
Something like Ocean's Eleven and its various numerations, except with muscle cars and knuckleheads and without the laughs.
Instead of a vroomer, we get a knucklehead "Ocean's 11."
It's the PG-13 Bad Boys 2. Coming from me that's a big compliment.
If you're in the mood for the cinematic equivalent of sugar and trans fats, the film delivers with one physics-defying set piece after another.
Treats interpersonal bonds as a concept that it knows about but can't quite come to grips with, considering all the horsepower and crashes upon which it would rather focus.
A slam-bang start to the summer.
Sure, it's supposed to just be a silly popcorn movie, but treating these cardboard cutouts as people to admire and care about is dishonest and contemptible. That the movie sucks besides is the final insult.
The film gets much better in its second half when it becomes an "Ocean's Eleven" type adventure featuring many faces that will instantly be familiar to "Fast/Furious" fans.
Gets lots of mileage from a combination of high spirits, scorn for the laws of physics, readily renewable energy and an emphasis on family values -- not those of the nuclear family, but of hell-raising, drag-racing outlaws...
Featuring a mere two car-chase sequences and a pointlessly padded run time, it's an unfortunate low point after Fast and Furious (aka part four) appeared to return things to fine form.
Ignoring the rules of physics doesn't make a movie more entertaining; it merely makes the writing easier. If a screenplay can cheat at any time, it encourages sloppy authorship.
The first sequel to the 2001 "The Fast and the Furious" that's worth watching, that isn't an embarrassment or a travesty of the original picture.
It's when the action slows down that you can feel the brain cells dying.
The series takes the curious, surprising and rather brave route of ditching the street-racing shenanigans that defined the series in favor of a more standard action-oriented plot. It's an interesting approach, but the series' shallowness remains
A movie with exploding toilets, cars that move sideways and a big chase sequence with Walker and Brewster fleeing favela goons by crashing through the tin roofs of shanty-town shacks.
"The Fast and the Furious" 2011 model comes fully loaded, with enough power under the hood to almost compensate for its lack of innovation.
Who knew the fourth sequel to The Fast and the Furious would not only refuel a flagging franchise, but lead the pack as the best of the bunch?
Who knew that the best place to put Vin Diesel would be between the Rock and a hard place? The spot has never been tighter, or righter, and the testosterone never higher than in the hot jacking action of "Fast Five."
As a moviegoer, there are times when you want, say, "Jane Eyre," and then there are times when a movie about really large men who drive cars really fast is just the thing. "Fast Five" is that latter movie, and then some.
All the characters from the prior four Fast and Furious films are rounded up to do their own grease monkey version of "Ocean's Eleven" by Chris Morgan's enjoyably ludicrous script, which, by right's, should have been called "Toretto's Ten."
The ensemble cast creates a really fun atmosphere by embracing the blatant ridiculousness of the films. And isn't that what enjoying a big, dumb action movie is all about?
Whenever anyone gives voice to dialogue (like "You can't keep runnin', Dom" and "People here need to be free"), your hand meets your head in unbelieving dismay.
What it all comes down to is a skillfully assembled 130 minutes at the movies, with actors capable of doing absurd things with straight faces, and action sequences that toy idly with the laws of physics.
Like a proper action sequel, it's bigger, louder, and sillier than its predecessors, but it's more streamlined, too, smartly dumping the tired underground racing angle in favor of a crisp, hugely satisfying Ocean's Eleven-style heist movie.
Beyond implausible, but it works as a live-action cartoon.
"Fast Five'' is, so far, the most honest Hollywood movie of the year. It's also the most fun.
'Fast Five' will push all your action buttons, and some you haven't thought of. So what if you hate yourself in the morning.
It took ten years, but here, finally, is a worthwhile sequel to The Fast and the Furious
Here's a popcorn flick strong enough for a man and gentle enough for a woman.
A giant overdose of testosterone mixed with soap opera for muscleheads and gearheads.
If you think you don't care about fast cars, loads of t&a, bulging muscles, and more car-crashing action than you can imagine; think again.
Between this and last year's overlooked "Faster," it's great to see The Rock re-embracing the action genre, and when his clobbering match with Diesel finally happens, it's as outlandishly room-wrecking as I'd hoped.
Defying laws of physics, laws of acting, and the law of diminishing returns, Fast Five delivers a ridiculously fun mix of motorized macho mayhem and multicultural bonding.
We will race cars, we will crash cars, and at some point, a large-breasted woman in a low-cut blouse will lean over an engine block.
In a free-for-all like this, where the laws of gravity and dictates of narrative logic are left to eat dust, it doesn't matter when anything takes place or why.
"Fast Five" represents Yankee ingenuity of the brutally stupid kind.
Fast Five is among the best fourth sequels ever - not exactly high praise but more than I expected to dish out.
Patently absurd and yet wildly entertaining; a marked improvement over its excessively dour predecessor.
It isn't quite summer-movie season yet, but Fast Five is already peeling down to its proverbial, sweat-sodden muscle shirt in preparation. It's ready for anything.
The biggest, best and most furious Fast of them all.
[The] fifth lap of the brainlessly macho series should please fans...while making everybody else wonder why.
These movies are sheer silliness, improbable roadway mayhem interspersed with obligatory fistfights and gunplay, all coated with a noxious layer of adolescent macho posturing.
Well, it's a more fun trip to Rio than Rio. As the reckless flailing of a lot of meatheads, Fast Five is essentially a food fight with sloppy Joes.
While dopey as ever, the fun factor has increased exponentially now that certain plot elements and subculture porn has been ditched to roughhouse in Rio with a band of crooks who've blossomed into a family.
Now this is how you make a summer movie.
I wish I could say that Fast Five was the fastest, most furious movie of the series, and that there wouldn't be a faster, more furious movie all year. I have to be honest though. Fast Five just wasn't fast enough for me, and it's hardly furious at all.
Heads into the garage for almost the entirety of its sluggish middle section, which turns into a second-rate Ocean's Eleven-style heist movie.
This episode has the highest velocity and lowest IQ yet. See it on the biggest, loudest, dumbest screen you can find.
The film is basically Ocean's Fourteen starring a multiculti version of the cast of Jersey Shore.
Pretty cars, prettier women, insanely absurd action that truly thrills even as it shatters all physical laws, and enough testosterone-fueled violence to satisfy the most-rabid WWE SmackDown crowd.
If you liked any of the previous movies, you should be even more thrilled by what they've done this time around with a lot more at play here in terms of storytelling.
For seeing gigantic men beat the hell out of one another and for leering at sexed-up hotties zipping around on scooters you'll be hard pressed to find any film that's its equal - until Fast Six.
With this latest chapter, I think they've finally made the film they've been gearing up to make now for a while, the most completely unhinged mainstream action movie since Bad Boys 2.
Inspired action choreography, macho mentality, aggressive stunt work and nimble editing rule. Despite a few sluggish moments, it had me and it left me all revved up.
As confident and charismatic as its lead characters and every bit as fun to be around.
...a film that's custom-built to combine the swift horsepower of characters we like with the stylish chrome of fresh changes is a welcome pleasure.
Far less interested in vehicular craziness than the wisecracking repartee of its supporting specialists.
Such was my 'exfivement', I couldn't remember the last time I was on the edge of my seat during an action sequence like this.
Fast-paced and visually breathtaking.
Showing improvement as action director, Justin Lin has made an unpretentious thrill ride of a movie, one of the few Hollywood pics whose characters reflect America's multi-racial composition.
When it's exciting, it is really exciting.
Fast And Furious 5 is far, far from a classic, it's not even the best in the series, but it'll spin two hours by with ease and some excitement along the way, even as absurd and silly as it may be.
As usual, the film thrives on excess.
Summer roars to a start with Fast Five which features some of the most spectacular action sequences seen on the screen in years.
It's not the sign of a particularly good film when the entire cast could be replaced by belligerent three-year-olds and you could expect most of the line readings to remain exactly the same.
Fast Five maintains the winning formula and underlines the sad fact that stars Vin Diesel and Paul Walker still have nothing better to do.
Where there's demand, there's supply, and this franchise will shoot up the box office chart because it's undemanding and fiercely electrifying entertainment.
At the very least, petrol-headed punters won't be left fuming by what whizzes past in a blur here.
With belief soundly suspended and your senses of sight and sound reeling under full frontal assault, this hybrid of action, chase movie sets the bar low - and clears it with ease.
For all its absurdity and the family friendly bloodlessness (despite the copious violence), it spins along very smoothly and efficiently.
Starts well with dippily exciting action and daft dialogue, but outstays its welcome as it devolves into a deeply daft Ocean's Eleven riff.
The Fast and Furious roadshow isn't slowing down a bit in Fast Five, by most measures the best of the bunch, combining fresh casting choices, interesting Rio locales and literally smashing bookended action sequences.
The on-going storyline is now running on fumes, but when director Justin Lin cuts to the chase there's enough left in the tank for some spectacular vehicular mayhem.
There's something deeply unpleasant about this latest flick that prevented me from enjoying all the stuff blowing up real good... Imagine Robin Hood nuking Nottingham Castle after tweaking the Sheriff...
Somehow, Lim manages to keep you pinned to the passenger seat for over two gas-guzzling hours - with no perceptible drop in testosterone levels.
It's possibly the most brainless film of the year. Until the third Transformers film surfaces, that is.
Fantastic fun.
This palpable nonsense, which has a plot that defies all but Hollywood's logic, is so smartly produced and directed that even its inordinate length doesn't matter all that much.
The stony performances don't really matter, and neither does the blunt dialog. But it's still great fun.
Make no mistake, this is no masterpiece of the dramatic arts but it is probably the best since the original: lean, spectacular, funny and slightly less risible than its predecessors.
Attempts to add emotional depth are misguided, but this is an entertaining popcorn flick.
A huge letdown.
Fast & Furious 5 can be defined as "good" if you look at it purely from a guilty pleasure level.
Overlong but slick, this still gets away with simplistic dialogue and characters, perhaps because it doesn't take itself too seriously.
Five films in and the Fast and the Furious franchise finally gets itself into gear with the wonderfully over the top Fast Five.
Utterly preposterous, but this car-crazy franchise is armor-plated.
You'd think the Fast And The Furious franchise would've run out of gas by now. Think again.
It's so fast even the title has shrunk; the turbo-charged franchise that elevates street racing to sometimes deadly gladiatorial heights is back with a big cinematic V8 version
Seriously fast driving, jaw-dropping action, some unexpected twists and an audacious central heist with an extraordinary climactic sequence
Slow and spurious.




@highlight

Sleek, loud, and over the top, Fast Five proudly embraces its brainless action thrills and injects new life into the franchise.