Dogtooth is a freaky, fascinating, elegantly off-kilter little film.
A miserable, consistently worthless piece of work...
Cinephiles (have) reacted to Lanthimos' skewed vision in much the same way as the confined children at the heart of the story: through the inquisitive, excited eye of someone catching a glimpse of a new worldview for the first time.
It's a triumph of a filmmaker having everything his own way -- for better or for worse.
To put it mildly, "Dogtooth" is not for everyone, but it can grow on you even if you think you've rejected its influence.
That I'm aghast must be a form of overload, and as baffled as I am by this dark underbelly of a film, I did enjoy it.
...flirts with sadism, but it's much more than a sick stunt.
Dogtooth is one of the funniest films of the past 12 months, an unforgettable social-satire, a devious little test of endurance for brave movie-lovers and the best argument against home-schooling since The Jonas Brothers.
A kind of ingenious horror show you just can't take your eyes off of.
This is the second feature for Lanthimos, and it's a leap from his well-received debut Kinetta. He skilfully doles out tantalizing pieces of information, keeping the viewer in a constant state of suspense and wonder.
The true dark-horse nominee among this year's foreign-language Oscar contenders, Dogtooth leaves bite marks that stick around long after you are released from its grip.
Horror and cold humor commingle in Dogtooth.
Not the cheeriest subject for a movie, but somehow it works.
Dogtooth has some definite surprises in it, and it does a terrific job of unfolding the story at an interesting and surprising pace so that nothing is over-explained.
As a film, it's pure and singular, but it's not quite fully formed enough to be what one could call truly visionary.
A perversely comic allegory of family life -- sinister, strange, formally elegant and utterly original.
The nastiest satire released to U.S. theaters in 2010.
Shocking and unsettling in breaking a number social taboos, this Greek dark comedy, winner of the 2009 Cannes Film fest, centers on the kind of dysfunctional family seldom depicted with such clarity on screen.
One of those movies that seems less interested in what you feel while you're watching it than how much you have to chew on once it's over.
A creepy-funny art movie that holds a cracked mirror to our most cherished beliefs about family.
Doesn't rank as a great film, but it's difficult to take your eyes off it, as you wonder what impossibly bizarre thing might happen next.
Nothing in this weird, watchable, blasé black comedy from Greece stays innocent for long.
Hovers between the trauma of Pier Paolo Pasolini's Salò and the creepiness of Michael Haneke's The Seventh Continent.
Director Giorgos Lanthimos may be influenced by Michael Haneke's clinical approach as well as by David Lynch's affection for the weird.
A remarkable depiction of paranoia gone amok ... a devastating metaphor for the way that everyone's preparation for the world has something to do with the way they're raised.
You cannot recommend it lightly because it's disturbing, but it's good.
Giorgos Lanthimos' sublimely unsettling parable begins with an outlandish idea and follows it through with devastating logic.
Dogtooth is like a car crash. You cannot look away.
This rather mannered allegory will annoy some filmgoers with its elliptical plot and heavy-handed message. But there's no denying the film's power.
Greek filmmaker Yorgos Lanthimos may be an unknown to the majority of arthouse audiences but he confirms his status as a rising auteur with Dogtooth (Kynodontas).
A litmus test for not just how much de-glamorized sex and violence you can handle but whether or not you want to be assaulted by a sea of nothingness that will stay with you for days. Sitting in stunned silence seems like an appropriate reaction.
The father is the only one who can leave the house to go to his factory job, and that seems like a paradise for viewers trapped watching this clinically shot claptrap.
When it's over, we want to put it behind us. It just won't stay there.
Mr. Lanthimos's ends may be obscure, but his means can be seductive.
Dogtooth isn't for everybody, but it will delight the adventurous.
Of the many positive aspects of Dogtooth, the fact that Lanthimos uses imagery and insinuations to build his narrative is the most prominent
A bizarre and gross tale of family values, home schooling, and isolation from the world.
A tense, disturbing, often savagely funny struggle between chaos and control.
A truly indelible film that leaves you wondering just what the hell will happen next, and why it's happening at all.
A brightly lit nightmare of patriarchy run amok.
Few movies convey such a deeply unnerving atmosphere in nearly every scene while simultaneously capitalizing on an absurd black comic sensibility.
An absolutely hypnotic motion picture, attaining a nauseating sense of self-destruction in a thrillingly art-house manner that's been absent from the screen for far too long.
How perfectly perverse: In a summer crammed with sequels, remakes, '80s nostalgia and the frustrated sense of "What else y'got?" comes the most original nightmare in years.
This pastel-colored portrait of disaster capitalism was made long before the Greek economic crisis, and that's something of a relief: Straight parable could never feel as urgent and unexpectedly moving.
The most original, challenging, and perverse film of the year so far, Giorgos Lanthimos's artfully rigorous treatise on human conditioning can be viewed as absurdist horror or the cruelest of comedies.
There is no rigor here, only cold intentionality.
One of the most surprising, entertaining and eccentric films released this year.
This is a film of great originality, a cumulative power and a basic oddness that you'll either consider amazing or excruciatingly dull.
Pitched somewhere between Lars Von Trier and The Village, Giorgos Lanthimos' dark, deadpan comedy is a coolly cruel dissection of power gone crackers.
Films with a distinct view are welcome but not when they are as minimalist, grainy, bereft of soundtrack music and lacking in entertainment value as this one.
Darkly humorous, disturbingly strange and deliriously deranged, it's a film made with rigorous style and a pleasingly ambiguous tone...
A black-comic poem of dysfunction, a veritable operetta of self-harm, this brilliant and bizarre film from the Greek director Giorgos Lanthimos is superbly acted and icily controlled -- it grips from the very first scenes.
A stunning experience that will leave you shaking afterwards.
It's an oblique, visually striking modern fable...
As harrowing as it is humorous, Giorgos Lanthimos' award-winning journey to a family's heart of darkness is unflinchingly detailed, thought-provoking fare.
Special and troubling.
Reminiscent of the work of Michael Haneke and Lars von Trier, director Yorgos Lanthimos's film is disquieting, provocative and either frustratingly ambiguous or richly allegorical depending on your point of view.
Marking Lanthimos out as a great talent to watch, Dogtooth is a bold and unsettling mini-marvel that first sneaks up on you before biting you to the bone.
I've seen movies this weird before, but never from Greece.
A dysfunctional family drama pitched like a Buñuelian black comedy laced with horror.
Riding the perverse line between bizarre, awkward and darkly funny, this award-winning film follows the strange antics of three siblings brought up by their misguided parents in complete isolation from the rest of the world.
click to read the full review on Movies for the Masses
Suffice to say that we won't be seeing an American remake of this one any time soon.

@highlight

It'll be too disturbing -- and meandering -- for some, but Dogtooth is as disturbing and startlingly original as modern filmmaking gets.