The lamentable influence of Dave Eggers' oh-so-precious post modern literary devices from "A Heartbreaking Work Of Staggering Genius" (2000) are glued all over a bullet proof piece of magical realism...
What begins in quirks and idiosyncrasy moves into a dark place where profound sadness and profound closure co-exist side by side.
while the film, concerned as it is with the brotherhood of man, is undoubtedly humanist in its philosophy, there are enough shades of grey to cast long shadows over its apparently sunny outlook.
It is a film that doesn't want us to forget. Or perhaps it is a film that wants a new generation to remember a past which profoundly shapes its present.
...for all its importance as a message picture and for all the subtlety of its filmmaking, the movie never quite feels like it has as much to say as it thinks it does.
First-time director Liev Schreiber proves himself up to the task of conveying comedy and drama with equal aplomb.
It's risky material for a first-time director... But Schreiber's involving screenplay and his remarkably assured handling of the material somehow brings it all together into an effective, charmingly offbeat whole.
Una Vida Iluminada ya es suficiente carta de presentación como para esperar más del Liev Schreiber director que del actor.
...a thoroughly enjoyable, not entirely predictable sentimental comedy/drama...
It's also a generous performance, because Wood literally takes a backseat to Hutz's movie-stealing turn as the language-mangling Alex, whose English is 'not so premium'.
Poignant, pensive and profound.
A estréia de Schreiber na direção é tematicamente ambiciosa e merece aplausos.
Pardon my obtuse thinking, but I want to draw a line between this wonderful, bitter sweet film and Little Fish, the much acclaimed Australian film. Both film deal with the presence of the past in our lives; indeed, Everything Is Illuminated (by the past)
This is a film with a wide range of emotions. It is a film with some laughter and some very affecting moments. It may be a flawed film, but parts are really excellent.
A strange film that starts out as one thing and transforms into something quite different before it's done.
The film remains mildly worthwhile simply due to its utter weird, sometimes beautiful construction, it adds nothing to the canon of Holocaust films or Jewish themed films
Schreiber's movie tends to trivialize the novel, not only by abridging the story ... but by subverting Foer's larger point of universal complicity in atrocity.
Severely hampered by a screenplay that waters down much of the book's power, but the blow isn't lethal
(Alex) Hutz can't get back on screen soon enough if you ask me. He displays enormous range for a first-time actor.
Nevertheless, Everything Is Illuminated has a haunting afterglow, one that neither satisfies nor illuminates, but at least keeps the flame alive.
Though much of the journey is played for laughs, the dramatic core is always present. By the film's end, viewers will likely be moved by the film's poignant and deeply moving final reel.
As with many road trips, the destination isn't as rewarding as the journey...
Never comes up big with anything more than a reminder that the Holocaust really did happen.
...some surprising revelations give the movie the dramatic weight it was missing.
A sometimes funny, largely heartbreaking look at how tragic events can resonate through generations.
It's funny and warm, with the sting of the horrific event that triggered the trip giving it a melancholy feel.
This quirky comedy-drama ... features enough style, laughs and genuine warmth to help it overcome some storytelling deficiencies.
Schreiber was smart enough to cut the 40 percent of the novel dealing with Trochimbrod's twisted history, but he couldn't assemble the remaining pieces into a satisfying whole.
The big 'reveal,' when the movie turns dramatic, is something of a fizzle - a destination not as interesting as what leads up to it.
Begins on an enticingly light note, then darkness falls...nothing is illuminated in the finale that 2005 audiences don't already know.
Prepare for mild disappointment, partly due to the familiarity of the story arc and partly due to its suddenly humorless, excessively vague handling.
The light it sheds on the subject is at best a flickering one.
With Alex as your tour guide, the trip is never going to be boring.
It's profound in the way that life is profound in hindsight, its view of the past both fixed in history and mutable in the telling. And it's exquisitely tender.
More curious and interesting than polished, entertaining or profound.
'Everything Is Illuminated' is a movie so in love with its own quirkiness that the moving story almost gets lost in a cacophony of eccentricities.
[T]his is like being trapped in a confined space with three overbearing and unpleasant people. It's simply not a fun ride.
Schreiber's formal yet poetic aesthetic, from snapshots of clashing cultures, values and chronologies to the irresistible metaphor of an army of sunflowers, matches the recurring theme he has fashioned for the film.
Far too earnest for its own good, even though the film looks amazing and the story can't help but carry a strong punch
It's far from a perfect work, but given the difficulty of the basic material, the film version of Everything Is Illuminated has to be considered a more-than-qualified success.
Wood, now famous as the hobbit in "The Lord of the Rings" movies, is absolutely magnificent.
This isn't a frivolous film or a dumb one. Mostly, it feels like a mistake -- the wrong director matched with the wrong material.
[Schreiber] has managed something of a feat ... in spinning a single charming story out of Foer's yarn ball of a novel, which spanned 200 years, multiple stories and various protagonists.
Schreiber has managed ... to preserve key themes and Foer's off-kilter comic tone.
Schreiber effectively incorporates some of the novel's humor, most of which revolves around Alex's amusingly improvisational English, but never comes close to mining the book's true substance or heartbreak.
An uneven but charming directorial debut from actor Liev Schreiber.
A movie that wraps a story of mass murder in a package of whimsy, and prefers to focus on our commonality rather than any collective complicity in the crimes of history.
Yes, we laugh; yes, we cry; the sun rises and sets. It's all quite enlightening.
Schreiber's streamlined version may be only a sliver of the whole, but it's a thoroughly entertaining and very rewarding piece of a very tasty pie.
If Jonathan were a character instead of a symbol of American Immigrants Disconnected From Their History, Schreiber's movie might have worked.
It sounds weird, and it is. It's also very funny, not to mention mesmerizing and, finally, heartbreaking.
The heart and soul of Foer's novel are sacrificed in the process. By trucking in broad Holocaust clichés, Schreiber repudiates his more nuanced source material.
The ultra-serious Jonathan and the laid-back Alex are an ideal odd couple. By switching focus between them, Schreiber can quickly steer the movie to different emotional ground.
A contemplative, bittersweet film, as much a sublime comedy as it is a drama about the urgency of understanding and learning from one's past.
Quirky, sentimental and thought-provoking.
Everything Is Illuminatedwill...find an audience in the avid filmgoer that appreciates a very different kind of trip on a road rarely taken
...one of the most impressive first efforts to come along in a while.
Silly, but in a good sort of way.
Slapstick and confrontations and misunderstandings and maybe some redemption, but also grace, breathtaking delicacy, and tenderness.
Perhaps because it's no longer so much about the language, the movie comes across as slight and somewhat fussy. What distinguished the novel doesn't quite translate to the screen.
Schreiber's images -- a graveyard of old war machines, a field of sunflowers -- are impressive and help convey the wonderful idea behind Everything Is Illuminated: that no matter who we are or where we live, we are all connected.
Fans of Jonathan Safran Foer may rightly consider this an act of taxidermy. Everything Is Illuminated hasn't been adapted so much as gutted, stuffed, and mounted.
[A] visually witty, beautifully painterly film that is extraordinarily wise when it isn't quirky-funny...
Schreiber... does a spectacular job of making the transition.
'Everything' becomes a rather foolishly optimistic term to lead off your title when the only thing illuminated is the window next to the projection light.
It so softens the source that the moments that actually capture Foer's darkness and irony land with an unpleasant thud in the middle of all that beautiful quirk.
A surreal comedy that turns into a touching road movie.
Every novel cannot be a movie, and this one should not have been.
A film that grows in reflection.
One of the most beautiful, personal stories at the Toronto Film Festival this year...
I got whimsied out.
As a whimsical and at times poignant look at family secrets and family ties, it's effective, it's moving.
Works better as a poignant drama...than it does as a madcap road trip comedy
Amid abundant visual and behavioral kinks, he stays focused on the heart of the story. And that's the true mark of a director who can see the light.
An admirably flawed film.
The novel's absurdist humor doesn't fully translate.
There isn't enough drama here to sustain an entire film, and Schreiber's direction is relentlessly coy.
Jonathan is about the most passive protagonist you're likely to see on the screen for a while.
Schreiber's film version of Everything Is Illuminated achieves the impossible -- it's even more annoying than Jonathan Safran Foer's gratingly precocious novel.
Falls far short of illuminating Foer's complicated book. But it does provide the sort of low-key, road-trip ramblings we haven't seen since the'70s heyday of Hal Ashby.
A remarkable first effort.
Wood, whose mostly mute turn is defined by his black suit and glasses, can only stare in stupefaction at Schreiber's jittery mix of broad laughs and sentiment. Audiences will share the feeling.
Schreiber leaves the whimsy faucet dripping for far too long.
Schreiber wisely adapts only the portion of the book narrated by Alex, who speaks and writes as if every other word were pulled from a thesaurus.
In his directorial debut, Schreiber makes most successful the absurdist, seriocomic patches of the book.
It's a genial, gently funny and, if not illuminating, moving road trip.
An admirably ambitious directorial debut by actor Liev Schreiber, not because of a large scope but more correctly because of its small one.
Schreiber's is a fantasy world, but the very quirks and oddities that give it its fantastic quality also ultimately form the brunt of its emotional impact.
Wood gives as inert a performance as you're likely to see from a leading man, but Illuminated ultimately isn't his story and there's no reward in treating it as such.
Is the film as cool as the poster, you beg to know?...
the energy and sense of purpose is missing, replaced by beautiful images that have little immediacy.
Schreiber takes Foer's sprawling, multilayered, multigenerational beast and hones it into a post-Glasnost buddy picture.
A movie with wit, warmth and unabashed emotion.
Schreiber begins on slightly shaky ground...but once he settles in, he gradually twists the fabric of his film into something moving and deep
The adaptation of Jonathan Safran Foer's best-selling novel is whimsical when it should be darkly funny and poignant when it should be devastating.
Schreiber shows enough heart and mind in his first time at bat to make you hope he gets another shot.
A quiet, quirky, compassionate view of hopes, dreams and the human comedy that leaves you wishing that even more had been "illuminated."
The story is confusingly told -- everything is not illuminated -- and, as the seeker, Elijah Wood is a big blank.
[A] brave and loving movie.
...an incomplete thing which easily loses its way, and will likely leave viewers stranded along with it.
Everything Is Illuminated left me cold and in the dark.
Actors talk about wanting to stretch, but few would hazard a project with such a high degree of difficulty as Schreiber.
It may be substantially less ambitious than its source material, but that may be what saves it from implosion.
No more than a cursory exposition of the book.
Quite simply, Everything is Illuminated is a wonderful film, a moving film, and a funny film.
A flimsy film about a serious and sober young man who travels to the Ukraine to find out about the woman who saved his Jewish grandfather from certain death in 1942.
Most of Everything is Illuminated seems to have been dipped in a vat of second-hand Wes Anderson affectation.
A considerably scaled down version that still effectively retains the book's warm eccentricity and gently persuasive sentimentality.
No one seeing Schreiber's film could begin to imagine the breadth and nature of the book.
Offbeat and quirky yet poignant, Liev Schreiber's directorial debut is one of kind: a road comedy of the absurd that pays a most respectable tribute to the Holocaust!
... an unquestionable original, a frothy delight with a dark side, a comedy with a devastating right hook.
The style may be absurdist humor, but the legacy of the Holocaust is not lost. It lingers, as well it should.
Maybe it's me, but I prefer my quirky comedies without a side of Holocaust.







@highlight

Although it excises much from its famously dense source material, Everything is Illuminated is a quirky, ambitious debut film from Liev Schreiber.