In the spirit of the financial and creative constraints of B-movies, Assayas has taken his latest film [and] filled it with bare characters moving briskly across limited landscapes, and gotten a skimmed, thinned result of considerable kinetic emptiness.
Distills genre tropes (and their consequent pleasures) to their lean, potent essence.
When all the nonsense of Boarding Gate ends, only Asia remains in memory. She can light up the best and the worst of 'em.
As for Argento ... yeah, she's got something. Now we'd like to see her in a movie that makes sense.
What it all means is up for grabs, but for connoisseurs of sadomasochistic nastiness, it's a must-see.
The main thing interesting about Boarding Gate is the spectacle of Assayas' effort -- the attitude and the international backdrop -- not the story itself.
In the "B" movie days, a story like this would shoot by in about 70 minutes without time to pick holes in the motives. But Assayas takes a bloated, boring 106 minutes.
Could have been an exciting and inventive film, if only it weren't so bland and familiar.
Like just about everything in Boarding Gate, the finale suggests that its creators have been watching too many other movies with similar premises and payoffs.
The plot may be murky, but actress Asia Argento is a clear and commanding force throughout.
[Assayas] has concocted a plot that is dizzying and annoying at times, and it's hard to care about the characters in the shifting story. But B-movie veteran Argento's portrayal of Sandra is like watching a car careening down an incline.
Writer-director Olivier Assayas must have been working out some personal demons to make something as embarrassing as Boarding Gate, the most trite and trivial piece of sleaze since Abel Ferrara's Snake Eyes.
Boring gate.
There are long, droning bouts of dialog about nothing meant to link scenes together, but all Boarding Gate really does is fixate on watching Asia Argento do stuff.
This hypnotic, angular thriller about sex, murder, betrayal and money takes you on a feverish journey from nowhere to somewhere.
A ridiculous poseur thriller that seems to be made up of the slow moments from Hong Kong action films and Euro-flashy stuff like Run Lola Run.
The latest entry in this perplexing preoccupation with lowlifes is Boarding Gate, an astonishingly un-thrilling thriller.
Seriously flawed and not for every taste, the film was shot quickly and on the cheap, and is driven by Argento's slurred, scratchy voice and Bette David eyes.
Even an ultra-feral performance by Asia Argento -- the art house Angelina Jolie -- isn't enough to suffer through Boarding Gate, a draggy and incoherent thriller by French director Oliver Assayas.
absolutely silly
We don't want to see Asia Argento talking about her history of drugs and wild sex, we want to see her doing it.
Call it a cinema of guilty pleasure, and don't worry if you fall asleep in your seat after the sex scene is over. You won't be alone.
Boarding Gate plays with various genre codes and conventions very differently than most run-of-the-mill modern thrillers.
Boarding Gate's surfaces are often so staggeringly beautiful that its superficiality becomes forgivable, with the pleasant distractions of Assayas' multi-layered frames, Argento's sinewy allure, and snippets of Brian Eno ambience on the soundtrack.
The picture grows on you, as does its laconic leading lady, whose slurry delivery conceals an ever-alert mouse handily equipped to beat the cat at his own game.
It's not a perfect movie. At times, it's not even a movie. Yet the overall taste Boarding Gate leaves behind is intriguing enough to appreciate the whole elongated enterprise.
Boarding Gate, B-movie heir to Phil Karlson and Ingmar Bergman, screws any pretence of naturalism for hallucinatory confrontations.
This one is just murk.
Boarding Gate's decadent fancies are appalling.
If this is the effect Mr. Assayas wanted to achieve, he has succeeded admirably.
A mostly dull and nonsensical attempt at a revenge thriller that trips and falls flat on its face far too many times to stand up to some of [Assayas'] stronger work.
There's basically only one reason to see Olivier Assayas's self-consciously hypermodern, meta-sleazy, English-French-Chinese-language globo-thriller Boarding Gate, and her name is Asia Argento.
[Director Assayas] may have something serious to say about the brutal impersonality of global capitalism, yet he's caught somewhere between insight and exploitation.
[Director] Assayas is out of his element here, and the encounters have no snap: It's like one of those two-character plays in which the frequent pauses are filled with the audience's coughing spasms.
Though graced with a performance by the fascinating Asia Argento, this noir film is difficult to follow.
The film hasn't much substance beneath its showy surface.
Did you ever want to like a movie and wish it were better so that you could? On the other hand, you could say that any sighting of Asia Argento showing off her thighs can't be all bad.
[Boarding Gate] rocked me pretty hard.
Thrills and drama are left standing on the tarmac in Boarding Gate, a limp, sleazy inanity.
Argento never engages us as a character; she's like some porny dress-up (or, rather, dressdown) doll with a plastic visage and hollow head.
Riveting to watch largely due to Asia Argento's presence, Assayas' new film, suitably placed at the Midnight Section, displays visual fluency and other innovative devices deiberately applied to a lower-level subject that some will dismiss as trash.
Chock full of elements that never spark beyond one-sheet dimension.




@highlight

Boarding Gate has little substance beneath its faux-thriller surface, and marks a step down from director Olivier Assayas' usual work.