For all the rest of the film's unoriginality, The Wild moves along with solidly crafted wit.
The Wild is pretty tame, and in the increasingly crowded, competitive, survival-of-the-fittest world of computer animation, it meows but does not roar
Seems like a dull Madagascar ripoff.
full review in Greek
The kids might be better off with a trip to a real zoo, if they haven't had their fill of Madagascar yet.
The diverse animals are beautifully rendered, but this cliche-riddled Disney failure represents one too many trips to the CGI non-inkwell.
The Wild is not really bad; it's just tired.
The animation here impresses more than in the equally defunct Madagascar, but everything else smacks of an easy money-making exercise of such dimwitted inanity even the youngest kids will see through it.
A decade ago, this sort of thing would have felt cuter, fresher and funnier than today, when the bar for CGI animation has been raised considerably.
The film is ultimately noise and its story is so overdone at this point that far from being swept up in it, we're only hoping that the next plot point isn't as predictable as the last. But things never do work out that way.
The Wild roars back from a rocky opening act to a storming last reel, just managing to claw its way above comparisons with Madagascar.
Watchable animated adventure with one eye on the cuddly toy market, though you've got to love a film that casts William Shatner as a wildebeest.
What's so aggravating here is the grievous lack of wit, imagination and plain old story.
Wildly unoriginal.
It's noisy and only so-so, though the animation is quite good.
Perfectly enjoyable but nothing special
For the adult who may very well have to experience this film, and who may have experienced Madagascar, The Wild is better.
...has little to offer viewers over a certain age.
There's little to recommend of The Wild, which, despite its title, is about as pedestrian as you can get.
The Wild, for example, looks pretty good, but the script is just plain bad and the jokes are just plain awful.
Much of it is so rote and so predictably crushed into the prefabricated Disney mold that it's impossible to kick off the unpleasant aroma of 'been there, done that.'
On the surface, The Wild too closely resembles Madagascar. ... Scratch the surface, and The Wild too closely resembles Finding Nemo.
Simply Madagascar through the Disney blender.
Been there, done that, didn't want a tee shirt
don't be mistaking this for a Madagascar rip-off, when it was that sloppy DreamWorks turd that only managed to make it to theatres first because of corporate espionage
Sam decides to find out where the truck is headed, threatening a pigeon, the jittery and heavily accented Hamir: "Just tell me where the green boxes go!" he hisses, sounding just like Jack Bauer.
Virtually nothing about it is cute.
Am I mistaken or wasn't "Madagascar" about zoo animals going to the wild? That's why "The Wild" seemed incredibly familiar.
There's a surprising lack of charm that even Disney's dopier recent works managed to achieve.
Once again, Disney returns to its familiar button-pushing theme of child abandonment. For the studio crowned by The Lion King, the roars have turned to yawns.
Nigel the koala (Eddie Izzard) rates a special mention, emerging as the most loathsome animated character since Martin Short's insufferable robot B.E.N. in Treasure Planet.
I'm prepared to call it, pleasantly, not too appalling.
The animation is exquisitely detailed, down to the lions' individually moving whiskers -- but when's the last time you enjoyed a cartoon for its realism?
Excelente animación. Flojísimo guión.
When it comes to animated movies, it's a jungle out there.
Another animated film from 2006 that's right in that average category.
Impressive animation, but too much déjà vu here.
Pleasant enough for the little ones, but unrewarding for the rest of the prospective audience.
A hit-and-occasionally-miss journey.
The movie could have been a delicious bonbon; instead, it is a can of corn.
The Wild offers consistent laughs, with fresh characters and writing -- and features a much stronger second act. (Madagascar ran noticeably out of steam at the half-way point, when the animals hit the wild).
A fun movie with fun characters, entertaining visuals, and a Disney style-story that most people will be able to relate to.
Spaz Williams, no spaz, has the current prevailing formula nailed. Which is: Keep it moving constantly; heaps of bold color and diagonally extreme action; snappy quips and snarks for everyone; traumas immediately pacified by cute and/or musical moments.
As a movie that kids will enjoy with a few adult-oriented gags to keep parents from going completely insane with boredom, The Wild accomplishes its unambitious mission.
A bulky, uneven script with too many narrative cul de sacs (including a pointlessly lengthy curling match at the zoo) makes it hard to stay interested in The Wild.
Technically, The Wild is impressive. Until you realize that the lifelike animated fur is the product of more professional care than the script.
Gags consistently trump character. And if you don't care about the characters, then everything's just a big, dumb joke.
The Wild may just be the most wildly derivative animated movie in ages.
Kids under 6 will dig it -- though the alligators and wildebeests might scare them. Certainly they scared this groan-up.
Watching this uninspired rehash of other movies, one realizes that Disney's move to install Pixar's John Lasseter as its new head of animation has not come a moment to soon.
Amid the recycled situations and characters, only a pair of very Noo Yawk alligators gets genuine laughs -- and they're gone in less time than it takes to escort a toddler out of the theater for a wee-wee.
So what if the story, once they get to Africa, is no better than Madagascar? It's hard to let wild predators do wild things when those wild things involve killing the other furry friends.
With blah CG animation and scattershot punchlines, the movie fails to beat mediocrity.
These films take years to produce, so The Wild isn't exactly a ripoff -- but it isn't exactly fun, either.
The Wild isn't stuffed with pop references for bored parents, as Madagascar was, but its juvenile spirit is truly infectious.
There's a definite sense of deja vu about this animated adventure/fantasy that turns out to be mild, not wild.
Storywise, The Wild is the most disappointing studio-level entry so far.
The Wild is not a sequel to last year's delightful Madagascar. Rather it's a half-baked zoo animal quest story buoyed by a father-and-son-learn-a-valuable-lesson reconciliation.
What's saddest is that Disney, the greatest producer of animated classics in Hollywood history, has now resorted to ripping off its own movies.
There's nothing plotwise here any nine-year-old hasn't seen already -- up to and including the father issues that seem to motivate every Disney animated movie since Lion King.
The Wild pops out of the pack with its animation. Its visuals are fluid and detailed, and its backgrounds are better than those of recent rivals.
As far as story is concerned, the whole thing feels like a rerun of a raucous Saturday-morning television show aimed at hell-raising five-year-olds.
There's nothing all that wild about The Wild, a tame but entertaining-enough computer-animated film from Disney.
With Pixar now effectively partnered with Disney, one can hope that family entertainment as bland as The Wild will be taken off the menu.
The jokes too often miss their targets, and there's more of a reliance on innuendo and bathroom humor than there should be.
Small moments of amusement -- and there are some -- can't compensate for either a feeling of familiarity or the sense that we're watching a minor helping of animation rather than a galvanizing movie event.
Younger children will enjoy The Wild. For them, this is a three-star outing or better.
The movie has a lot more action than Ice Age: The Meltdown, which was essentially one long trek.
I've never seen a less interesting animated film from that studio in 45 years, stretching all the way back to my first viewing of Dumbo in 1961.
This is a movie to make you cherish Pixar all the more; where every pixel and plot turn in Finding Nemo snaps organically into place, The Wild strains just to get to the end of a scene.
As animated features go, it's strictly paint-by-numbers.
[O]ne of the dullest and most unfunny cartoons ever to lurch out under the Disney banner.
The screen credit 'Directed by Steve 'Spaz' Williams' does not exactly make the heart flutter with anticipation.
fails to live up to its title in every way. ...The animation is slickly executed and the hyperactivity level is off the charts, yet the film is rarely exciting or funny; it's just tiresome.
Feels like a rough draft that was dashed off in an afternoon with the intention of coming back later and filling in some comedy, and then somehow never got around to it.
Ending with a sputter, "Wild" still remains an engaging creation, and successful against incredible odds. Here's a note to Disney and Dreamworks: You can stop making the same movies now.
a passable movie because of its star, and because talking animals are funny
I predict that audiences will not go wild over this one.
You will not find a worse movie in Walt Disney's animated canon than The Wild
It may not be true that animals in a zoo feel jailed, but you'll feel that way if you sit through all 80 minutes of this sub-par animated Disney misfire.
...a film that will appeal to younger kids but fails to reach that important demographic, for all ages.
Director Steve Spaz Williams, a former visual-effects artist, misses the exaggerated body language and visual quirks, let alone distinctive and unique features, that is animation's essential element.
The Wild comes off as a toothless retread, even though it supposedly has been in the works for nine years.
Most important, the story, even without the been-there-with-penguins feeling, is not very strong, leaving us wishing it was all a bit more...wild.
The Wild follows Samson the lion (voiced by Kiefer Sutherland) as he escapes from the zoo to rescue his cub who has stowed away on a ship bound for Africa.
Jamais consegue recriar os momentos de magia das produções da Pixar; até mesmo seu humor soa forçado, dependendo mais de efeitos sonoros engraçadinhos do que dos personagens.
Legal professors could stand [The Wild and Madagascar] side by side to demonstrate the concept of 'points of similarity' that help determine whether a work has been plagiarized.
The naturalistic animation is beautiful to watch, but may help make the violence too intense for the smallest children.
The too-cool-for-school humor carries on incessantly, relentlessly, as if the four credited scriptwriters were paid by the gag.
The digitally animated The Wild is an undemanding and unremarkable effort like Madagascar, which beat it to the screen with a similar theme.
Great animated films -- heck, great films in any medium -- have a theme that carries all the way through. But The Wild is a random assortment of vignettes connected by butt jokes and the half-idea of a lion cub rebelling against his dad.
While the creativity behind the animation is worth checking out -- in some scenes the animals look real -- the story is as tired as the aged wildebeest who plays the film's evildoer.
The filmmakers seem to think that noisy tumbling and colliding compensate for invention and wit.
It's a funny, compassionate, emotionally engaging movie that prompts both laughs and a lump in the throat.
New seems a bit of a misnomer for Disney's latest animated release, The Wild. A more honest choice? Finding Madagascar.
There are a lot of wisecracks in The Wild, but the script is less vital than the visual virtuosity.
What's truly wild, and sad, about The Wild is that Disney, once the icon of animated originality, has been reduced to releasing this retread.
On it's own terms, it's pretty good.
The animation is cheesy; the banter isn't funny; the score is noisy and grating; and the critters look like stuffed animals.
...plenty of Disney-style family angst, but not a lot of fun.
Even acknowledging that children aren't the pickiest viewers, how many animated films about a band of sheltered, fractious New York zoo animals semi-accidentally escaping into the jungle does any viewer need over the course of a year?
Despite the title, it's resolutely tame...not only did 'Madagascar' get there first, it carried it off a whole lot better.
Disney's latest is an unoriginal mix of Finding Nemo and Madagascar, but the small children in the audience we saw it with simply didn't care . . .
The Wild is just more of the same old thing, wrapped in a just barely whisper-thin disguise.
The film is a relentlessly loud and ultimately exhausting exercise only partially leavened by the usual heavy doses of wisecracking humor and visual gags.
Uninspired character animation and obnoxious banter aside, The Wild is ultimately done in by the persistent stench of been-there-seen-that.
Earnest to the point of dullness.
There's something foul about this latest animated adventure's blatant plush toy-ready construction.
Obvious plot similarities to Dreamworks animated kid's movie "Madagascar" haunts this superior Disney produced CG animated story about a group of New York Zoo animals that go for an unexpected boat trip to an African jungle.




@highlight

With a rehashed plot and unimpressive animation, there's nothing wild about The Wild .