Tents collapse, bunkbeds give way and streams are there only for men-old-enough-to-know-better to fall into. Subtle it is not.
It's enough to make those Grumpy Old Men movies seem like masterworks of grace and subtlety.
[Walk in the Woods] is like watching your grandpa explore America, but when he starts to lecture, you realize it's time to leave the old man behind for the bears.
A Walk in the Woods isn't a spectacular film. It's just a good, simple, solid one. Pleasurable in the most unassuming way.
[It's] more about the ebbs and flows of friendship than it is about the walk. And when the friends in question are a brace of ageing Hollywood heavyweights brimming with charisma, its no hardship to share time in their company.
If you're in the mood for guys who resemble old furniture or aged whisky, bickering incessantly as they trek through miles of forest, A Walk in the Woods is just the thing.
Darned if the film didn't ultimately work for me. Mostly, it was the fun of seeing these two veteran actors riff off each other.
Inoffensive, unremarkable and mostly just a bit naff, this adaptation of Bill Bryson's memoir of walking the Appalachian Trail is about as good as it could possibly have hoped to be, which is to say not very good at all.
A sitcom about old men creaking along the Appalachian Trail, reminiscing about slutty girls, and maybe having a stroke at any moment. You know, for fun.
Bear jokes, poop jokes, bear poop jokes--this movie's got it all.
Here, Bryson's a wizened cipher, wrapped in a grizzled grump, inside a pickled jerk. Patter gets pat, wise old-guy talk vies with lame wisecracks, and slapstick turns slapschtick. This slog's a waste of time and space.
The film contains many incidents, constant drops of humor and some tear-jerker. [Full review in Spanish]
The premise of bickering old friends forced together while out of their comfort zones has been done before and far better (Whitnail and I, City Slickers), but the two leads' star power and easy charm makes this an enjoyable way to spend a couple of hours.
A fun and simple comedy that works due to Robert Redford's and Nick Nolte's charisma. [Full review in Spanish]
An enjoyable comedy for mature audiences, with some really hillarious moments. [Full review in Spanish]
A little more pace and purpose might have prevented this being so pedestrian
Man, I'm such a sucker for movies about grumpy old men taking trips.
Unfortunately, its shenanigans end up being tiresome instead of charming. [Full Review in Spanish]
Most of the jokes revolve around the age of the characters and an over dependence on slapstick humor make this a rocky and slippery hike of a movie. [Full review in Spanish]
Redford and Notle are a great comedic couple because of their respective on screen personas. [Full review in Spanish]
Echoing his witty writing style, Bill Bryson's memoir of his trek up the Appalachian Trail is adapted as a gently amusing comedy that combines big landscapes with sharp observational humour.
While you might find yourself musing how much more interesting it might have been to watch Emma Thompson walking in the woods for a couple of hours, you might also be distracted by the film's presentation of the Appalachian Trail per se.
It hits its stride now and then, and mostly because of Nick Nolte.
In the lightest movie ever made by either one, Nolte and Redford barely pull this one out of Lake Woebegone territory.
Nolte finds real sympathy for Katz and delivers a compellingly watchable performance, even if you're slightly afraid he'll keel over at any moment.
It's not heavy; it's not wildly significant. But A Walk in the Woods has a redemptive tone, a gentle lesson about aging and limitations and never giving up despite any required climb, uphill or otherwise.
Robert Redford and Nick Nolte are fine actors, yet even they cannot save this one note story of a long journey to nowhere.
Plunders laugh-out-loud scenes from the book - getting kitted out with ludicrously expensive gear, becoming obsessed with bear attacks - and turns them into deadening Grumpy Old Men/Victor Meldrew-ish moments of bewildered outrage.
An uninspired mixture of slapstick comedy and sentimentality, A Walk In The Woods gets by on the charisma of the two stars but there are times when it feels stretched to breaking point.
Misadventure and musing about the meaning of life and growing old ensues.
There are a few chuckles along the way, but only the scenery has any real depth.
Upping the age of the characters has turned a bad idea into a terrible one.
Unrelentingly inept.
A Walk in the Woods is unabashedly sentimental and sometimes as slow-moving as its two curmudgeonly leads but it has an undeniable and redemptive charm.
This is a schlep.
Like the book upon which it's based, Robert Redford's latest is a film of small but continual pleasures - an amiable amble that's almost impossible to dislike.
Nolte is terrific insofar as he is allowed to be, but what ensues is, cinematically, a mess.
Chugging along like Planes, Trains And Automobiles with a drop in comic horsepower, it's an unremarkable but perfectly serviceable odd-couple caper that'll pass the time when it's a bit grim outside.
Despite plodding interchanges and lack of cinematic bravura for some of America's most spectacular scenery, Redford and Nolte are genuinely hilarious together.
Run for the hills.
This slight, lightly charming comic adventure is most obviously appealing for the "Best Exotic Marigold Hotel" set - though Bryson himself was in his forties when he made his journey.
Redford's performance is really so stilted it's as if he is playing Bill Bryson the way a famous writer with no performing skills might play himself.
Kwapis's film is so un-Brysonishly leaden-footed that Redford and Nolte might as well have walked the trail in diving boots.
A Walk in the Woods is as aimless as its title.
Redford takes on the role of Bryson, while Nick Nolte is his travel companion Katz, and the two veterans share an engaging chemistry that quite often makes up for the film's many shortcomings.
A pleasant-enough account of two shambling old geezers taking on the grandeur of nature.
A Walk in the Woods is a trifle compared to 2014's Wild... But darned if Redford's easy charm and Nolte's gravelly lack of it aren't enticing throughout. Even when drastically lowering their standards they're stars.
[W]ith a richer comic vision of two weathered American males testing themselves against the primordial forest, the movie...might have made it to the finish line.
As comic adventures go this is amiable - almost entirely because the interplay between its two stars is engaging - but not sufficiently eventful to qualify as a thigh-slapping misadventure, or a journey to redemption.
There's very little about hiking in this movie, but you do get to see Nick Nolte stuffing pancakes into his stupid face.
t's not so much that the movie is actively bad -- well, the largely dismissive attitude toward women is pretty bad -- as that it's almost aggressively mediocre.
Crudely written in a pedestrian way.
Redford and Nolte make for a Pleasant "Walk."
Instead of sharp comedy and insight into these men, we get broader situational and physical comedy skits. Despite that, enough of the comedy works. Redford and Nolte work so well together that it is worth joining these two guys on this trip.
A Walk in the Woods is based on a memoir by travel writer Bill Bryson, but everything about the film feels artificial.
While this long-in-development comedic/dramatic charmer as directed by Ken Kwapis has a few tricky issues in the altered and updated details, there's also no doubt that it's most enjoyable, and definitely more fun than a dose of poison ivy.
While this film keeps the bare outlines of Bryson's story, it both misunderstands his comic voice and conveys it wrongly.
Unlike most offerings on the multiplex menu, you can watch this one with your 80-year-old uncle and your 15-year-old daughter. Everyone will have a reasonably good time without muddying their boots.
is not entirely without its charms, but is so scattered both tonally and narratively that nothing ever quite adds up
Redford and Nolte plod through the woods because the "Sundance Kid" and the "Prince of Tides" have gotten older.
This one is strictly a walk, don't run proposition.
A Walk in the Woods is decent light entertainment; there's just no real meat to it. Without a strong thematic center, the movie can feel a bit repetitive at times - Grumpy Old Men in the wild, so to speak.
Sensitive and scenic, it's an amiable amble with two crusty curmudgeons...
In one of the most generous pieces of movie casting ever, travel writer Bill Bryson is portrayed by Robert Redford in this lazy, feather-light adaptation of his book about walking the Appalachian Trail.
For as profound an experience as it portrays, A Walk in the Woods in retrospect feels as slight as its title.
Decides to go for - nay, strain for - antics. You can hear the brainstorming: What can we have happen to them?
A Walk in the Woods is pleasant but inconsequential, a passing diversion rather than a worthy cinematic destination.
There's almost nothing here beyond the opportunity to watch two veteran actors play off one another -- and it turns out that's enough.
Amiable, if shallow, entertainment, until it falls off a cliff.
While this movie could have been an overly earnest drama or an embarrassing slapstick farce, it settles somewhere comfortably in between.
A Walk in the Woods is a redundant experience revolving around an unfunny dysfunctional duo who do nothing but make complete fools of themselves for nearly two hours.
Some will find parts of this offensive. Grow a sense of humor. I recommend hiking to a local theater and catching this really funny old guy buddy flick.
In the end, 'A Walk in the Woods' isn't much more than a lark; but it has just enough meat on its bones to make it a lark worth your while.
Quaint, breezy and inoffensive... as well as entirely forgettable.
A Walk In The Woods is much more about tame silliness, which leaves us with a dull and lifeless film.
While older audiences will go for it, even viewers who haven't acquired the wisdom of age can learn something.
The laughs are few, and the homespun philosophy about as deep as a fortune cookie.
Too much of the breezy humor that made the book a delight is stripped away, replaced with predictable jokes and broad slapstick, sitcom-quality encounters with women and bears and a pushy, grating sentimentality.
A waste of stars, scenery, and setup.
The lax, lame A Walk in the Woods is a road movie without a road, a journey of self-discovery without discovery, and a tale of friendship without any chemistry.
[The film] is for anyone who wants to see two of America's finest screen actors completely humiliate themselves.
I enjoyed the film to the degree that comfort food extends to frozen pizza: It's warm; it's cheesy; it's not as fresh as I had hoped for.
Watching these two interact and listening to their wizened characters' riffs amid gorgeous scenery is a sheer delight -- which is a good thing since that comprises the bulk of the movie.
[Nolte] and Redford make an agreeable comedy team, and they're framed against some spectacular scenery along the trail that Kwapis and his second unit almost can't help but find.
A Walk in the Woods is at its best when Redford and Nolte let the laughs subside, and just relax as two guys contemplating their lives, mortality and the joys of one last adventure together.
A delightful chance to savor the acting skills of veteran film stars Robert Redford and Nick Nolte.
Surprisingly impish, keeping encouraging distance from maudlin activities to transform into an R-rated romp through the wilderness, subverting expectations for a somber reflection on the fragility of life.
The star power of Redford and Nolte will attract older audiences, though I'm not so sure for the under 40 crowd.
The real pleasures are not to be found in the sweeping shots of the Great Smoky Mountains but in seeing how Mr. Redford and Mr. Nolte's characters learn to get along.
Depending on your age, disposition, and expectations about movies, A Walk in the Woods is either a soft entertainment or a refreshing meditation on man's relationship with nature, both without and within.
Though it is pleasant enough simply to be in the company of these two charismatic old stagers, Redford and Nolte are never the hilarious double-act director Ken Kwapis makes them out to be.
A fun time spent in the company of great characters.
Though the adventure is meant as late-life stock-taking and there are a few moments of sunset philosophy, mainly these two guys complain.
Its attempts at broad comedy too often feel like the characters are drawn around the pratfalls, rather than the other way around.
The narrative gets a gentle push from Nathan Larson's economic score, accented by harmonica and guitar, complemented by John Bailey's postcard cinematography.
The finished product isn't a great movie. But every good actor, and that actor's most loyal fans, deserve their Walk in the Woods.
Nolte's performance elevates Katz to the pantheon of disheveled, dissolute sidekicks that includes Walter Brennan in To Have and Have Not, Walter Huston in The Treasure of Sierra Madre, and Edmond O'Brien in The Wild Bunch.
... a casual, easy-going film that only gradually reveals a deeper profundity... I'm more than thankful that I could come along for the journey.
With no physical progress and almost no stakes other than the increasing redness of Nick Nolte's face, it's impossible for A Walk in the Woods to gain any momentum.
Nolte has three Oscar acting nominations to his credit, Redford has one; In A Walk in the Woods they show what true cinematic chemistry is all about without appearing to be acting at all.
A man in his late 70s is simply not believable doing the things Bryson attempted in his early 40s.
If I hadn't known it was Bryson, A Walk In The Woods would just feel like some half-assed oldsploitation version of Wild starring a poor man's odd couple with the comedic timing of a Google Translated Mexican sitcom from the eighties.
Robert Redford remains an enigma as the lead character, and the movie would be slower than a Swedish art film without Nolte's inchoate boisterousness.
The nature of this fantasy is boringly feel-good and aspirational.
Jack Lemmon and Walter Matthau never made a movie called Grumpy Old Men Go Camping. If they had, it surely would look a lot like A Walk in the Woods.
It's like a soft-pedalled self-help version of Grumpy Old Men: Genial Old Men Face Their Decline With Chipper Goodwill But an Inevitable Sense of the Tragedy of Decay, Plus Bears.
The two actors carp and quip well together, enough to carry us through a plot with few surprises.
A Walk in the Woods -- based on travel writer Bill Bryson's book -- could have been more accurately titled Grumpy Old Men try to go Wild. But even that makes this movie sound more promising than it is.
A Walk in the Woods is certainly no Butch Cassidy, but it is interesting to check in with these two still-compelling codgers.
The to and fro of dialogue between the men never goes very far, and we don't really get a sense of the natural world that the pair experience.
It's not a difficult picture to watch. All you want from A Walk in the Woods, honestly, is a chance to enjoy a couple of veteran actors. But the book's comic tone hasn't found a comfortable equivalent for the screen.
There's something here that is warmly entertaining as the stars gripe at each other across the country. These are characters you instantly like and want to succeed as they plod from failure to failure.
After all these years, iconic former golden boys Robert Redford and Nick Nolte share the big screen -- and they're stuck in a middling sitcom.
The book didn't deal in platitudes. It was content to be lightly educational but mostly just entertaining. The movie aspires to be more than that, only to reveal how much less than that it really is.
It's contemptuous of the world in a way that rapidly becomes one-note and tiresome.
Robert Redford takes a hike, literally, in a genial broad-strokes comedy based on writer Bill Bryson's 1998 account of his attempt to walk the Appalachian Trail.
Two acting legends do what they can to inject some life into an episodic comedy/character piece but are undermined at almost every turn by director Ken Kwapis...This geriatric comedy is no "Wild," nor even a "Last Vegas."
These guys still know how to not just hold our attention but grab it, even if their current film needs them more than they need it.
Is Nick Nolte auditioning for the Burgess Meredith role in a "Grumpy Old Men" reboot?
Innocuous but insubstantial...The stars make agreeable walking companions, but they don't take you anywhere particularly memorable.
Redford and Nolte playing off each other while using those archetypes is consistently amusing, even as the screenplay ... starts to feel like a long trek to nowhere special.
[The] comedy is agreeable almost to a fault ... what's left is a film that-while easy to digest-is almost completely flavorless.
Laugh-out-loud funny...people of a certain age, i.e., Baby Boomers, will especially appreciate its humor.
A delightfully funny trek through the wilderness, with occasional stops in civilization, lavishly strewn with droll exchanges.
Despite its flaws, it's a film with a point to make and laughs to be had. There are many worse films you could see.
"A Walk in the Woods" is a pleasant, perfectly acceptable adaptation that shows you some pretty scenery and lets you enjoy two veteran actors.
Redford's too-old-to-give-a-crap demeanor is amusing. Witness his opening TV interview with a doofus anchorman. Nolte, too, has some funny scenes.
One can't help but imagine what previously attached directors Barry Levinson or Richard Linklater might have done with this material, with their affinity for scenes of drifting talk and hanging out.
It is a pleasure to see these two old pros swing for the fences one more time.
Redford isn't loose enough to be funny, and his stolidness makes this walk in the woods more like a trudge.
Redford has said ... he had originally planned the film as a reunion for himself and Paul Newman. It's a poignant reminder, as in this film's best moments, that life passes by too quickly.
It is unexpectedly moving and occasionally delightful to spend time with these titans of cinema as they walk and sometimes wobble, delivering words that become meaningful because they're lucky enough to be spoken by Mr. Redford and Mr. Nolte.
Thoughtful, fun, and Redford and Nolte are both in the zone.
A broad comic tone...The few funny bits and sharp lines amount to fool's gold scattered around a claim that never satisfactorily pays off.
The phony high key lighting, the absence of real drama, and an over reliance on cheesy jokes leaves A Walk in the Woods feeling less like a theatrical release and more like a straight-to-video Grumpy Old Men sequel.
"A Walk in the Woods" is broad as a barn door, with two stars who have minimal chemistry - and there's not much in the way of reflection about mortality.
It's light on its feet, even though its geriatric woodsmen are plodding and grunting.
Not particularly major or memorable, but worth it for some quality banter between Redford and Nolte
Quickly wanders from a funny look at life at a crossroads to an obvious series of embarrassing nonsense and basic observations about nature and people.
Like 'Grandma' and 'Danny Collins,' it represents a shift in geriatric cinema away from treating aging with kid gloves and towards a focus on regret, mortality and the fact that the body, eventually, utterly fails us.
Kwapis stages everything like a sitcom, has no sense of pace, and buries the theme of late-life friendship under a haze of sentiment and trail dust. "A Walk in the Woods" could be called "I Need a Walker to Get to the Woods." It's a good walk spoiled.
It is fun to see both stars doing a light comedy like this in a movie that, in another era, might have been perfectly suited for a Bob Hope and Bing Crosby-style road picture.
Sure, "A Walk in the Woods" stumbles at times, but it does make for an entertaining, leisurely spent few hours at the movies. All of it goes down charmingly and you'll likely walk out with a smile plastered on your face.
A Walk in the Woods takes only minimal effort to watch, and leaves you with nothing much worth remembering.
Despite a big-name cast, this adaptation of A Walk in the Woods never hits its stride, failing even its target audience of senior citizens.
Yeah, it's just a predictable codger camping comedy. But I grinned from beginning to end.
It features two great leading performances from Redford and Nolte who find the right balance of comedy and sincerity.
The ripe chemistry between Robert Redford and Nick Nolte makes this hybrid adventure and buddy movie into a thoroughly enjoyable outing. Moreover, it is very funny, with as many laughs as there are mishaps on the Appalachian Trail
A spiritual sequel to the Grumpy Old Men franchise, this often ignominious effort from offers the not inconsiderable pleasure of two old pros outclassing their surroundings at every turn.
Nothing special cinematically, it still provides a welcome showcase for wonderful star turns by Robert Redford, who also produced, and Nick Nolte as two oldsters who attempt to hike the 2,100-mile Appalachian Trail from Georgia to Maine.
Making the two legendary actors enjoyable to watch as they converse on a trail doesn't sound too difficult, but sadly, the script stumbles to give them material suited to their talents.
One of the hardest things to find to recommend to people is a good mainstream film, not aimed at children, that involves no violence or untimely death - this is a charming example of that rare breed, may they never become extinct.
This bittersweet film miscalculates how much comic mileage can be accrued by following two older men as they traipse though nature bonding and grousing.
The combination of Redford and Nick Nolte only manages to make this walk in the woods as exciting as a summer stroll.
Another comedy that tries too hard for laughs and ends up with a batting average below 50%.
More like WILD HOGS than WILD.
A Walk in the Woods never indulges in the darkness that such an excursion might warrant, but it captures a rare, hearty chemistry that only two veterans of this caliber could scrounge up.
It's pleasant enough cinematic comfort food, but even so, you may be hungry again soon afterward.
Tame gags are about all the film has to offer.

@highlight

Amiable yet less compelling than any road trip movie starring Robert Redford and Nick Nolte should be, A Walk in the Woods is ultimately a bit too pedestrian.