Reese is always appealing, but this film is clueless, sexist and at mostly just down right offensive. Sorry Reese, nothing to like here.
The film is cute and funny and light, with really nice messages about love and dreams and family, giving it a classic romantic comedy feel that is the definition of a comfort watch.
Home Again is very much escapist fluff, but Witherspoon's screen charm just about makes it work.
Meyers-Shyer's debut is less of a tribute to her mum's work than a Xerox copy of it.
Undemanding yet not unrewarding, Home Again is an entertaining diversion that is clear about its intentions and easily fulfils them.
It's pretty fluffy stuff, however the good-natured tone makes it all easy to swallow, as you begin to care about this unconventional family. Key to this empathy is Witherspoon.
Where is the conflict and why should I care about any of this?
A passable rom-com that might provide a few laughs.
These characters experience universal conflicts all within the cushy, cozy confines of cinema's answer to a Pottery Barn catalog. It's a most welcomed cinematic escape.
This romantic comedy plays it safe too often to really stand out in this genre.
Just stay home instead.
This isn't a life changing movie but there are a few points of difference that make Home Again worth watching.
That's the lasting impression this movie left on me: there are good people in the world; ordinary good people, not superheroes.
Home Again doesn't seem to be particularly concerned with story development - probably a fifth of the movie is made up of montages, all jaunty music and well-lit actors more fitting in a sunscreen commercial.
If you're an undemanding fan of lightweight romantic comedy-drama then it's harmless, vapid, instantly forgettable modern Hollywood fare.
The cosy, life-affirming situation depicted here is incredibly hard to believe, yet very easy to sit back and take in.
Witherspoon, so good in her passion project Wild, mugs it mercilessly for the camera. It's as if she, too, is wrong-footed by the lack of canned laughter.
It all adds up to the cinematic equivalent of a warm, but slightly moth-eaten blanket.
...throws so much charm and wit at you that you get lost in its relationships and utterly lovable characters.
The conflict is so manicured in this film that nothing interesting is ever stress-tested by the possibility of real life, but as a domestic fantasy Home Again is smoothly efficient.
... terribly bland.
... plot threads simply do not interweave and the 97-minute running time slowly ticks away.
If Meyers-Shyer is determined to follow in mum's footsteps, she has long way to go.
Void of dramatic purpose and filled with one too many rom-com cliches, Home Again fails to offer anything new to the genre, rehashing on what's already been done and seen before in a way that is most uninspiring and uninteresting.
The mundane, superficial and hyper-privileged non-conflicts of the plot even dampen Reese Witherspoon's usually irrepressible charm.
Hoem Again is an unfortunate disappointment filled with wasted talent and muddled storytelling.
Does anyone feel a morale-boosting "younger man" romance coming on? ...But not in a predatory way, which might win a cheap laugh, but in a life-enhancing way that makes you feel more kindly disposed to all the characters involved.
It's honourable escapism, but hardly inspired.
It all amounts to precisely nothing. It's not us, rom-com: it's you.
Witherspoon once triumphed with Legally Blonde but this is lethally bland.
Both unapologetically contrived and rather satisfying, if unchallenging.
veryone, even the dithering ex-husband, is infuriatingly lovable, and while Home Again has its comic moments, its characters are overwhelmed by the saccharine fumes of Meyers-Shyer's screenplay.
A charming assemblage of performers are left pretty much high and dry by Home Again.
This setup for a pretty standard situation comedy ought to lead to heartwarming hilarity. It doesn't.
Maybe pre-teen girls will go for these unnervingly sanitised shenanigans.
It is populated by characters who make only tangential contact with real life as most of us understand it, and it feels like a confection from start to finish.
Yes, Witherspoon is as loveable as ever, but she can do this kind of thing in her sleep. Indeed, she must have felt close to it at times during this forgettable sigh of a movie.
The story moves with the predictable monotony of a Swiss clock that cuckoos every five minutes, and cheap jokes and wasted actors abound.
It might not be quite as charming as 2015's The Intern, but this is a Meyers movie through and through: irresistibly charismatic.
A film that, regardless of age and gender, should be insulting to pretty much anyone with a modicum of intelligence.
The apple didn't fall far from the tree - in fact, it appears to be firmly wedged between two upper boughs.
Precious, fatuous, Nancy Meyers-lite rom-com about a privileged rich white lady with no real problems who can't help but mom her much-younger new boyfriend. Barf.
This is a romantic comedy but one that would need only the very slightest tweaking to be transformed into a home invasion horror movie.
It's very silly but very watchable; you'd have to be very puritan to take exception.
Home Again is a tone-deaf, embarrassing film, memorable only for some hilariously misjudged lines and its all-round incompetence.
A diverting social comedy with a hint of depth from debut director Meyers-Shyer, with Witherspoon on top form.
A horribly mawkish affair, lacking quite remarkably in any sense of self-awareness.
Sickly sweet and tough to swallow, romantic comedy Home Again is a jagged little pill of contrivance and cliché that entirely wastes the talents of lead actress Reese Witherspoon.
... despite its obvious flaws, you still can't help but feel warmed by it.
Reese Witherspoon proves there is still life in the romcom genre after all in a movie where Hallie Meyers Shyer proves a talent for comedy runs in the family.
The characters all feel one draft away from being distinctive, and while we're at it the set decoration could use some touching up.
A cartoon portrait of a "superwoman"capable of raising two girls alone, partying and falling in love with young boys. [Full review in Spanish]
Home Again is comedy in the comfort zone. Rather than cite all the things this movie doesn't have-I'd rather compliment Meyers-Shyer old-fashioned Hollywood movie that chooses to swim against the tide of the moment
[Hallie] Meyers-Shyer writes flatly and directs without purpose, an unreasonable facsimile of her parents' fluff formulas.
... the main problem lies in the film's pedestrian direction and often-banal dialogue.
The poor-woman's-Nora-Ephron template is followed here, right down to the super-generic title and the dependence on a genuinely engaging cast to sell flimsy material.
If the RomCom is on life support, Home Again has come along to pull the plug
Expectedly, Myers-Sheyer's dialogue consists of characters blurting out inner monologues in as much of a dry and straightforward way as possible. It has no wit or charm.
Witherspoon lacks the abandon the May-December love angle requires, and the movie is so tidily formulaic that it feels as if it's been airbrushed; the send-up of Hollywood falls flat too.
It's like watching a pharmaceutical commercial showing you how wonderful things will be once you convince your doctor to write that cure-all prescription for you.
Implausibly sparkly, it's a fun chick-flick.
Finally, a relatively-sophisticated, female-centric comedy revolving around romance rather than raunch. What a refreshing treat!
It's a flighty screwball scenario told with thrift-shop economy. But Meyers-Shyer develops it with real consideration for the emotional complications Alice would face.
Artificial and reeking of white privilege, this is the kind of movie that causes regular folks to shake their heads and mutter things about "entitlement" when speaking of the "Hollywood elite."
As nepotism-based filmmaking whims go, this one is more harmless and less wasteful than most.
A situational comedy that at no time is transgressive, but keeps a sweetly predictable air. [Full review in Spanish]
Alexander is so hopelessly outclassed by Witherspoon that they might as well be in different movies.
A film about the daughter of a great filmmaker should probably feel a lot more satisfying.
Not much feels authentic about this predictable sitcom-level romantic comedy masquerading as a heartfelt female-empowerment saga.
Thus grumpified, I was less than forgiving when the film introduces a parody of a movie producer only to have one of the characters shake his head and say: "He was a parody of a movie producer."
It's galling that this is the fantasy women get after putting up with all those May-December relationships between older men and younger women in movies over the decades.
It makes Mama Meyers' It's Complicated looks like Bergman's Scenes From a Marriage in comparison.
Home Again almost begs to be made fun of.
But there's very little that belongs to the young in Home Again. The film instead seems like a sacrificial offering, dressed up in the old ways and carefully placed at the feet of an elder, in the hopes that it will please them. I sure hope it does.
Home Again hits that romcom sweet spot.
Some sexual situations and drinking in shallow romcom.
It's mediocre, middle of the road boring where the finely decorated house ends up more interesting than the characters residing in it. (Full Content Review for Parents - Profanity, Sexual Content, etc. - also Available)
...a promising debut for Myers-Shyer, who might want a collaborator for her next script, but has some things to say about adults trying to make sense of their lives.
Home Again is a throwback to what I consider the lost "romantic comedy" genre. Everything nowadays has to be vulgar and filled with adult humor while Home Again is just a nice film that is enjoyable because it is simple and lighthearted.
Reese Witherspoon brings her trademark cheeky charm to Home Again, but she can't redeem a film that can't quite figure out what it's trying to say about marriage, sex, or family.
Witherspoon is a genuine fireball, and it takes a lot to muffle her high spirits in a blanket of bland. So congratulations, Home Again. Against all odds, you've done it.
As the credits roll, it can be said that Home Again is a tight, witty script from a first-time director with a long list of hits ahead of her - and, of course, the golden age of Hollywood dynasties lighting her way.
Home Again is built on presumptions of such staggering privilege and naiveté, it ends up coming by much of its comedy accidentally.
Fresh barely and based more on peripheral character chemistry than that of the main characters.
Combining, as Meyers films do, pleasant fantasy with aspirational settings. I know I'll watch it again when it comes on cable, or if I have the flu or need to fold laundry.
And even though there are a few corny and clichéd moments in the movie, the overall message is that there is life after love. Who can't get behind that?
Watch this film for some turn-off-your-brain prettiness. Be prepared, however, to rethink all your kitchen choices afterward.
Less a story than a collection of awkwardly mounted run-throughs building toward amiable foregone conclusions, Home Again chugs home huffing and puffing about the difficulties of breaking into Hollywood when you're young and talented.
It's ... hard not to feel a constant sense of disconnect from these characters and their so-called "crises."
Each and every conflict in Home Again is ultimately resolved with three or fewer lines of dialogue.
If you must see it, for whatever reason, you'll find Witherspoon's scenes with the always-superb Michael Sheen watchable in a way that nothing else in this movie is. Downright sufferable, I say.
This world doesn't quite exist, but it's an exceedingly pleasant place to escape to for a couple hours. Meyers-Shyer may have gotten it from her mama, but the point of view is all hers.
You're always aware it's not a feat of filmmaking, but you couldn't care less.
Home Again is plain vanilla, from start to finish.
It's a crime to waste Reese Witherspoon. You know what's worse? To waste Reese Witherspoon AND Candice Bergen.
If her career as director somehow doesn't pan out, Meyers-Shyer would make an excellent fairy godmother.
Piled high with inanities and cliches...This is a romantic comedy that comes up short in both departments.
It's sweet enough, but sweetness goes only so far, especially when a movie has as messy and rambling a script as this one does.
Meyers-Shyer has been stealing mom's notes because she too has found a fondness for the ludicrous romantic entanglements of the elite class.
I never really felt at home with Home Again.
Home Again is a fascinating banality, the movie equivalent of a staring at a bucolic motel painting until you start to see skeletons in the haystacks.
A bubbly brunch mimosa you drink up before the fizz is gone.
"Home Again" is a romantic comedy with its heart in the right place. And that's just about the only thing it has going for it. It's facile, disingenuous, artificial in nearly every way.
A disappointment to watch Meyers-Shyer offer so little effort for her debut, aping the work of her parents instead of establishing her own voice.
It's disappointingly flavorless comedy from a filmmaker who might have delivered something more subversive, and turned any sniping about nepotism into buzz about her future.
For her directorial debut, "Home Again," Hallie Meyers-Shyer, Nancy Meyers's daughter, has made a shabby copy of a Nancy Meyers romantic comedy.
The mendacious mediocrity of nepotism, laid bare.
A glib and shallow take on female midlife crisis.
So determined to please, it does.
The story is told cleanly, the characters are engaging and a few sequences (a long introductory flashback, the sozzled night out) are cut together brightly.
Characters flirt and fight in forgettable ways, but the real love is for film itself.
Home Again succeeds in offering much of what its audience will want along with a handful of thoughtful observations they may not expect.
"Charming" is the best word for Home Again, and how could it be otherwise?
Yes, I'd hoped Hallie Meyers-Shyer would deliver the kind of warm and wise romantic comedy her mother used to make and I guess she tried, but...
Reese Witherspoon's oversized appeal and radiance is no match for "Home Again," a ramshackle romcom short on both romance and laughs.
Thinly drawn characters drift through a preposterous story in a Nancy Meyers production. Plus, the kitchen isn't even all that!
Here's a mainstream romantic comedy where the romance isn't that important and where the woman makes all of the decisions - both in front of and behind the camera.
Life is messy, but the sprawl that overtakes "Home Again" is unwieldy and unwise, and detracts from Witherspoon's predictably plucky performance.
Home Again reveals Meyers-Shyer to be a promising heiress to her mother's legacy.
It seems more than a trifle obnoxious to tell a story that unfolds in a bubble of Hollywood privilege and to present it as if it were something that everyone could relate to.
So thoroughly sanitized that it's essentially wiped of personality.
An inescapable shroud of blandness covers everything in the movie: the characters, the relationships, the cinematography (by the great Dean Cundey), even the Witherspoon character's Very Nice House (another key element to Meyers-Shyer's parents' work).
It's too superficial to maintain tension as a character-driven drama, and not funny enough to overcome an aimless plot and confused tone.

@highlight

Home Again gathers a talented crowd of rom-com veterans on both sides of the camera -- all of whom have unfortunately done far better work.