Anyone not already aboard the bandwagon should make a beeline for this uncompromising prison drama, in which O'Connell plays a problematic teen doing his first extended stint in the slammer.
O'Connell gives a steaming and screaming performance as Eric, a broken young man who has spent his life being slammed by his father.
Jack O'Connell and Ben Mendelsohn are outstanding as the prison hardmen who just happen to be father and son.
Mackenzie is seeking to understand how all this explosive male energy can co-exist under such brutal conditions, and the answer is with great difficulty.
A no-holds barred, explicit exploration of prison culture.
O'Connell's physicality as an actor--coiled intensity, searing stares, brooding fury, sudden violence--is blazingly showcased here. And it always feels as if we're caught up in among resentments, flare-ups, even long-running relationships of convenience.
A great ripple effect is felt throughout David Mackenzie's Starred Up, a gritty British prison drama that puts most gritty prison dramas to shame.
The intention seems to be to create a ferocious film without an iota of fakery...
Starred Up is unflinchingly ferocious and you won't be able to look away.
The violence is brutal but never exploitative, and the rendering of hard-core prison life is heartbreaking without feeling totally hopeless.
Gritty, intense, unflinching and taut. An emotional punch to the gut. Jack O'Connell delivers a bravura, star-making performance. It's the best prison drama since A Prophet.
The power of this movie is in its lack of interest in the dramatic and its preference, instead, of the humane.
Mackenzie supports his screenwriter's humanitarian intentions by bringing out his actors' best, so it's forgivable that Starred Up is shaped less like a drama than an intense therapy session.
Gritty British prison dramas are hardly something new but every so often one crops up that grabs you by the throat and doesn't let go.
Jack O'Connell is electrifying.
While not at all sympathetic, O'Connell makes his bulldog of a character something much more compelling.
This is a film that edifies and also gives hope -- even if that glimmer is currently beyond the realms of reality.
Yup, there's a prison wing full of clichés, but, aided by razor-sharp performances from his cast, Young Adam director, David Mackenzie, delivers a raw, powerful, British prison drama.
Two of the year's best male performances give depth to the film's fascinating character study.
This is the toughest, grittiest prison drama I've seen since 'Hunger' (2008). This is a very well written and acted drama with an unforgettable climax.
Starred Up may cover familiar ground but it's executed with such arresting authenticity that it's hard to not be drawn in and ultimately excited. This is prison melodrama done amazingly well with sharp performances and visceral attention to detail.
Just about the most uncompromising prison movie imaginable,.
The accents may be difficult, but the message is clear.
Despite its inevitable hard-surface jailhouse cliches, Starred Up is impressively well filmed, impeccably acted and, for those of a nervous disposition, brutally shocking.
What makes Starred Up such a riveting experience is that, despite the often unintelligible brogues in which its characters speak, the film so vividly depicts the cutthroat culture of prison life that nothing gets lost in translation.
Director David Mackenzie has empathy for the characters, but also knows how to ratchet up the tension and make the scene of mayhem pack a wallop.
Watching it is like watching a slow-motion train wreck -- you know you should look away, but you can't help but watch to see the potentially horrifying results.
Take one teenager. Add raw testosterone. Arm with unquenchable, unreasoning anger. Lock in pressure-cooker cell. Unleash. Roll camera.
[An] unusually cohesive and exciting prison drama ...
"Starred Up" manages to be sympathetic, not only because of O'Connell's galvanizing turn, but also Asser and director David Mackenzie's unwavering commitment to portraying his character with as much compassion as brutal honesty.
O'Connell-also impressive as a stranded soldier in the forthcoming '71-gives Starred Up the muscle and above all the emotional continuity that holds it together.
A clear sense of why Anton Yelchin doppelganger Jack O'Connell soon may be a household name.
O'Connell is a force, tough and tender, and Mendelsohn matches him in a stirring English prison drama.
It's almost as difficult to sit through "Starred Up" as it is satisfying to watch it.
The British prison movie Starred Up has the excitement of a nonstop psychological cage fight, but its goal is enlightenment, not terror or cheap thrills.
...captures the madness of a societal menace without ever losing sight of his humanity.
It marries ferocious, unnerving violence and waves of profanity to powerful, psychologically acute performances in a way that is intensely dramatic as well as almost unbearable to watch at times.
The raw emotions on display need no translation. David Mackenzie directs the film in a piercingly realistic style.
There's a nasty cycle suggested by the way this prison operates.
Mackenzie's 8th feature demonstrates the vivid, idiosyncratic storytelling fluency... of his most recent movies... Each element, each moment is just one component of a breathtakingly accomplished canvas. Cruelty is unceasing; Mackenzie refuses to blink.
This is strong medicine, yet it's also exhilarating.
[O'Connell] fully immerses himself in the character, bringing the right amounts of cocksureness and vulnerability to the role.
The most tremendous thing about Starred Up is exactly how simple it keeps things, and what a richly nuanced story emerges in the process.
This could serve as the archetype of prison dramas except that in others of the genre, the spoken words could be understood.
As it begins, with its hard, unflinching look at a prisoner transferred to an adult institution, it might recall Steve McQueen's very tough Hunger (2008), but though Starred Up always retains its edge, it finds a sympathetic heart as well.
Has the benefit of a superb cast who give their all to the moment, bulging with fury and panic, with O'Connell and Mendelsohn extraordinary as the flattened father and son.
Starred Up is an edgy, teeming thriller, brilliantly disorienting, making strange a world we thought we knew, at least from other movies.
Marks star Jack O'Connell's breakthrough into superstardom with a performance so visceral it challenges Tom Hardy's Bronson for sheer aggression.
Audiences, the less squeamish at least, will benefit from Mr. Mackenzie's ability to wring white-knuckling tension out of Mr. Asser's intelligent story.
Expect to hear a lot more from English actor Jack O'Connell, who holds the screen as well as his character, Eric, commands a cellblock.
Starred Up has three powerful advantages: a realistic setting, fierce performances and the insight brought by scripter Jonathan Asser, who was an Oliver-like counselor in a tough London jail.
Starred Up is a small indie film in danger of slipping through the cracks at the Hollywood-driven multiplex. Finding it - in theaters or on VOD - is well worth the effort.
Classic brutal prison flick.
If a Brit film ever begged for English subtitles, this is the one. Unintelligibility aside, the acting is solid, the direction spot on, and if you want to scare your children into leading a straight life, this film will achieve the task.
O'Connell bristles with terrifying hair-trigger unpredictability. Watching him, you feel like you're witnessing the arrival of a new movie star.
From the cell block politics, to the crooked authorities supposedly in charge of keeping the peace, Starred Up doesn't pull any punches in its tough and gritty depiction of prison life.
Boldly and brilliantly made. Starred Up is raw, relentless and riveting.
We've seen many visually arresting films in recent years and character studies are as common as film festivals, but it's the remarkable blend of the two here that makes "Starred Up" devastating.
What the movie excels at, among other things, is putting the viewer into the prison life mindset, laying dramatic groundwork that allows the audience to intuit when an unspoken rule-like crossing the prison's strict racial boundaries-has been broken.
One of the best prison dramas you're likely to see in some time, but the real stand-out is the introduction of Jack O'Connell
As harrowing as some of the depicted incidents are - this is prison, after all - Mackenzie resists sensationalism, preferring to keep his sights on the human element. By the end, he's worked a kind of alchemy.
Turns the complicated dynamic between a young prisoner and his problematic mentor into a ferocious psychodrama that locks you in and refuses to let you go.
The cautious optimism with which it answers questionsa about rehabilitation and forgiveness is credible because the characters and setting feel so thoroughly authentic.
Excellent showcase of director, star and writer talent.
Brutally realistic prison melodrama without pat answers.
As it portrays the battle of wills between two men for one savable youth's soul, Starred Up unostentatiously depicts other integral aspects of prison life-administrative corruption and homosexuality, as well as racism.
Poses pertinent questions about institutional corruption, the criminal ecosystem and how the taxpayer's representatives become willing accomplices.
The film's exploration of the legacy of violence is measured out in brief bursts that are always terrible and unsettling, but never feel indulgent or excessive.
It's the strength of the performances that really makes Starred Up a cut above most British dramas, particularly those of Mendelsohn and O'Connell.
Mackenzie keeps us grounded in the maze of prison life, coaxing powerful performances from his cast, each apparently encouraged and emboldened to find their own space.
Starred Up is draining, brutal and absolutely unforgettable. Hands down, this is one of 2014's must-see movies.
Powerful and intelligent filmmaking that demands to be seen.
Director David Mackenzie (Hallam Foe, Young Adam) impressively controls his gear shifts from quiet slow burn to explosive, only losing his grip on the soap in a final, gorily melodramatic act.
Those considering a life of crime may think again after seeing Starred Up, a bleak, brutal and compelling thriller set in a singularly grim British prison.
Two things allow Starred Up to stand apart from the pack: a rigorous attention to prison procedure and a stunning breakthrough performance from Jack O'Connell.
Could be the most realistic depiction of the horribleness and the ineffectiveness of institutional incarceration - on levels that impact both the individual and society on the whole - that I've ever seen.
It offers no easy answers and takes no sides: the result is one of the most engrossing, exciting and explosive prison films the UK has ever produced.
Luckily, the film's gritty atmosphere prevails.
Rising star Jack O'Connell delivers a ripping performance as a young convict with more baggage than you'd think humanly possible.
It is impossible to take your eyes off O'Connell as Eric, so convincingly psychotic that there are times when you have to remind yourself this isn't a fly-on-the-prison-wall documentary.
It is an incendiary, visceral, riveting drama with a fascinating Oedipal twist; a brutal-realist depiction of male behaviour and prison culture, with the bitter tang of authenticity.
For all its shockingly graphic bloodshed and atmosphere of pervasive doom, the moments when Starred Up grabs the jugular most are the scenes in Oliver's anger-management classes, where Eric sits with people of similar age and vulnerability.
It's a mini-Machiavellian structure, Machiavellianly worked out, with added anarchy and mordant wit.
For such a violent movie, it pulls its punches a little at the last. But not before it has given us a bleak picture of the defeated misery of a certain kind of violent man, locked in a prison of his own making.
There are no easy answers, or unlikely transformations, just a superbly made, thought-provoking human drama with outstanding performances and just enough hope to carry the day.
This bruising and brutal jailhouse carve-up rides on the back of an astonishing central turn by Jack O'Connell.
Mackenzie skilfully sketches the sense of community and hierarchy that prison life is built upon, and makes us keenly aware of the simmering aggression that threatens to boil over at any time.
While the machinations of the guv'nor and his lackeys at times seem unlikely, relationships between the lags themselves are well realised, particularly with Eric and Neville.
It's brilliantly acted, touching, tense, weirdly funny and, for the most part, bruisingly authentic.
The details ring true and the performances smart in Mackenzie's prison movie.
As soon as O'Connell comes striding through the prison door, his aura is electric.
A brutal, immersive prison survival story with a breakout performance by British actor Jack O'Connell.
Starred Up, like its characters, never loses face, never compromises its bloodily-earned hard-man cred, yet its real agenda is one of compassion.
A complex father/son relationship is viewed through a raw depiction of prison life in the riveting Starred Up.
Pushing beyond the brutal exterior of his material, Mackenzie reveals the tender story of estrangement beneath, but never forces the sentimentality.
O'Connell's scuzzy charisma and chippy swagger has enlivened a handful of B-level Britpics in the past, though his presence has never been so fearsomely concentrated as it is here.
Starred Up is the finest British-made prison drama for a long time, courting comparison even with the likes of A Man Escaped.
Mackenzie isn't attempting to craft a larger-than-life antihero here, but delving into the sociology of this hellish subculture, where prisoners and staff alike coexist in this dehumanizing environment.
Young actor Jack O'Connell is the main attraction in this tough British drama.
Starred Up, at the outset, holds a tremendous amount of promise...
McKenzie's [film comes with] high ambition in the pecking order of the prison flick - a subgenre known to be overcrowded, hierarchically organised and unforgivingly hostile to any weaker new entries.
Some outstanding performances from O'Connell and Mendelson, both hugely exciting actors ...
Starred Up gives you a good sharp shake and, in doing so, truly opens your eyes.
Gripping and sharply written British drama that offers an intriguing twist on the usual prison movie clichés and features a star-making performance from Jack O'Connell.
Prison films have always had their share of surrogate father-son bonding, so there's something satisfying about making it biological - it's a shrewd twist in the formula.
For the most part this is furiously compelling stuff, convincingly mounted and superbly acted
The best prison movie since A PROPHET. Jack O'Connell is a star in the making.
Starred Up is a gritty, intense, and shockingly unique take on the prison drama genre.
This isn't Mackenzie's most interesting work, but you could do much worse for an issue movie.

@highlight

Smart, hard-hitting, and queasily realistic, Starred Up is an instant classic of U.K. prison cinema.