Needless to say, The Keanu hasn't got a patch on either Fincher or Assayas stylistically, and while his casting of himself as the eeeevil villain may have been a bold move, his performance could be a career-worst.
As a martial arts action film, Man of Tai Chi is fun enough -- the fights are engaging, Chen's moves are breathtaking, and Keanu Reeves goes full Keanu Reeves.
Yes, it's irreverent at times, but Man Of Tai Chi exudes confidence in its silliness, too, never actually treating the subject of martial arts as light or inconsequential.
Man of Tai Chi is probably one of the best martial arts films this side of The Raid.
Pro forma, sure, but briskly paced. For the most part, the fight scenes are grounded in physical potential, but there are shots and edits that have simple physical magic to them.
While Reeves exhibits natural talent behind the camera, his debut carries an austere coldness that shuts out any semblance of diverting pleasure.
[Director Keanu Reeves] cuts too much, but he respects the fighters' abilities - and the viewers' desire to see them.
The brutally efficient shooting style Reeves employs to film master choreographer Yuen Woo Ping's breathtaking fights is refreshingly grounded and old-school kinetic.
The big revelation of the protagonist feels rushed, but Man of Tai Chi mixes this perfect concoction of outlandish and awesome and is extremely entertaining if you can just enjoy it as a simple martial arts film.
Impressive fight choreography is the highlight of this otherwise muddled, bilingual directorial debut from Keanu Reeves.
Reeves distinguishes himself behind the camera. The fight scenes are exciting and plentiful, acting as a showcase for both Hu Chen's formidable talents and Yuen Wo-ping's inventive choreography.
A morality play that doesn't work.
Kudos to Reeves for breaking out of the acting box.
Reeves is not yet the bridge between east and west moviemaking he's aspiring to be, but considering this is his first time directing a feature, the result is only half-bad.
Reeves has clearly seen many Hong Kong films, and with the help of two veterans, Hollywood cinematographer Elliot Davis and HK editor Derek Hui, he's replicated one.
A busy but relatively routine martial arts actioner.
Keanu Reeves makes his directorial debut in a cartoonish kung fu movie with splashy fight scenes and an underdeveloped wit.
Thank you, Keanu Reeves. Thank you for making a martial arts action movie as your feature debut instead of some sickeningly heartfelt personal story that's been sitting in your bottom drawer since you were a cub scout.
The concoction works, despite -- or maybe because of -- its unjaded, fantastical familiarity.
Don't get too hopeful for greatness, but the damned thing works.
An interesting hybrid, however derivative.
[An] ambitious but generic martial-arts movie.
Flirts with originality, and settles for satisfying
Cinematographer Elliot Davis films the fight scenes with thrilling immediacy: lots of long takes, so you realize you are actually seeing these guys actually do this, as opposed to watching something pieced together later in the editing room.
The fights are spectacular - Tiger Chen doesn't need wires - the camera work is cool, the music sizzling.
A glorious romp of a martial-arts thwack-fest ...
Not a terribly good film, but it features some of the best martial-arts action I've seen on film in a while.
Keanu knows exactly what kind of movie this is, and doesn't pretend for a second that it's more important than it really is. It's a solid kick-ass martial arts movie, nothing more. I miss movies like this.
A modestly entertaining martial arts melodrama with impressively staged fight sequences that help compensate for a stale plot and some less-than-stellar acting.
An episode of "The Ultimate Fighter" has more variation and better lines, too.
Keanu Reeves's down-and-dirty and generally diverting directing debut.
Serviceable if not spectacular, Man of Tai Chi is a B-movie epic for a bygone video game era
Without Chen in the lead role, Man of Tai Chi could easily have been chop-socky awful.
Will anyone other than hardcore martial arts junkies pay good money to watch this stuff, which I admit, in smaller doses, holds a powerful visual/visceral fascination?
Like Reeves' wooden dialogue, it's fun despite not being very good.
Reeves's debut shows signs of a talented filmmaker.
The movie is almost nonstop action, but the sequences build in such a way that they're suspenseful, and they never repeat themselves.
Say what you will about Keanu Reeves, he knows his strengths. So for his first directorial effort, he chose to do a martial-arts flick with a postmodern tinge.
Reeves gets plenty of mileage from this premise, using it to comment on globalization, cinema in the Internet age, and the moral cost of selling out.
Feet and fists move with the camera, and angles orient the combatants in space. Even Reeves-who has a stiff-legged, Frankenstein's-monster-like fighting style-ends up looking like a formidable physical presence.
Reeves sneers and chews scenery as the bad guy, but his star makes a less memorable impression.
Kung fu completists will want to check this off their lists, but even the most devoted Reeves fans will find it hard to sit through this mishmash.
[Establishes Reeves] as a deft helmer of cinematic combat ...
This hackneyed misfit resuscitates every cliché of the grade-B '80s Hong Kong martial arts programmer, even the plot parts that were already imitating bad American TV.
Who knew that what Keanu Reeves really wanted was to play the villain in a movie Jean-Claude Van Damme made and remade half a dozen times? And direct it?
For his directorial debut, Keanu Reeves crafts an exquisitely entertaining martial arts picture aimed at the international market.
The film ultimately doesn't live up to this early potential, as Keanu Reeves loses his way in the third act with too many false climaxes.
By the movie's attractive but slightly hollow end, you are thoroughly entertained by this Hollywood A-lister's first feature, but frustratingly never floored by it
Keanu Reeves' Man of Tai Chi is Mortal Kombat with a touch of Zen
The third act marks a commendably goofy sea change in an otherwise agreeably average throwback.
Man Of Tai Chi nevertheless feels like Reeves made exactly the movie he set out to make, assuming he didn't set out to create a movie that was 'good.'
Man Of Tai Chi is focused, flows at a quick pace, and displays the art from beautifully. Keanu channels the many martial arts films of old, learning from the true masters.
The picture isn't exactly an intellectual pursuit, but the essentials of brutality, choreography, and cinematographic patience are well cared for under Reeves's watch.
Reeves' film offers serviceable action without doing much to introduce the world to the deeper complexities of tai chi. (A better title might have been "Game of Dearth.")
If you demand a strong narrative instead of simply preferring it then go ahead and cross this one off your list right now, but if you watch fight films primarily for the fights then Man of Tai Chi will not disappoint.
For anybody who can get into martial arts and doesn't demand a film that will break new ground the way, say, "The Raid: Redemption" did a couple of years ago, this is a rousing show.
Reeves kicks off directorial career in style
You don't have to reinvent something if you can simply make entertaining instead, and "Man Of Tai Chi" is certainly that. I sincerely hope Reeves gets to make another movie, because this is a really solid debut.
An adequate and ambitious effort from a first-time director who could have enhanced his on-screen philosophical arguments with a bit more depth and done with a touch less of the admittedly riveting man-to-man melee.
As a vehicle for Hollywood action choreographer Chen to show off his prowess as a gullible tai-chi student lured into underground fight clubs, this China-U.S. co-production is the real deal for hardcore chopsocky fans.
The beautifully choreographed and shot fights make up for the predictable plot and stale acting.
Takes a zen-like approach to the kung fu movie, but when it comes to the big fights, it's as ferocious as they come.
After all is said and done, after we've gone through the rote paces in an assembly line fashion, we're left with a mildly enjoyable if completely forgettable martial arts film.
Reeves has achieved Bruce Lee's vision for Game of Death.
A tediously repetitive film desperately looking for some heart and soul. Reeves is the Man of Concrete, grey and predictable behind the camera and an impassive mask of grunts in front of it. Definitely no excellent adventure.

@highlight

It may not be groundbreaking, but Man of Tai Chi represents an agreeably old-fashioned picture for martial arts fans -- and a solid debut for first-time director Keanu Reeves.