Inspiring sports-underdog story for tweens and up.
Mark Whalberg is surprisingly good, delivering a likeness to the real Vince Papale that is uncanny.
It may seem that Invincible takes too long to get to the football. But by the time it does get down to it, we've invested enough in Wahlberg and Kinnear to give a damn about the outcome of the all-important Big Game.
I wonder how many more of these inspirational sports films we have to sit through in 2006.
Screenwriter Brad Gann shares the guilt for this predictable cinematic travesty along with composer Mark Isham whose bombastic musical score is akin to hammering a nail with a shotgun blast.
Invincible is the story of Vince Papale, who was an actual figure -- a part-time bartender who went to a tryout, survived training camp, made the Eagles team, and became a Philadelphia legend.
ricson (who doubles as cinematographer) has a good feel for urban grit and blue-collar dreams, and he gets good, unpretentious performances-especially from Wahlberg, who provides the movie's solid, dependable center.
The script by newcomer Brad Gann hits all the right notes.
Though familiar and cliched, Invincible succeeds in spite of itself because it is so technically well done and full of heart.
Mating calls aside, the paint-by-numbers sports side of this picture is only likely to capture the imagination of kids under the age of ten.
As far as sports films go, Invincible doesn't offer anything original or notable ... except Mark Wahlberg's performance.
...Greg Kinnear is particularly engaging as Papale's coach...
Invincible is a Walter Mitty tale, but a true one, a fantasy come to life.
[A] solid, but predictable underdog sports story.
A film lacking Herzog's USP -- an ironic and regressive sense of the irreducible power of images -- 'Invincible' feels as though it has been devised by a scholar steeped in Herzog lore, but who at some crucial early stage mistook him for Istvan Szabo.
There's a sugar coating to the way Papale's story unfolds, but not so much that you'll spoil your dinner.
This 'chump-to-champ' story adheres to the 'Three R' formula: Part 'Rudy,' part 'Rocky,' with a dash of 'The Rookie' tossed in for good measure.
If Vince Papale was the heart and soul of Philadelphia during the mid-1970s, Wahlberg brings those same qualities to "Invincible," a movie served considerably by them.
The latest in Disney's line of films about real-life sports figures never settles for easy answers.
Weak on acting power, strong on cinematography and heart.
Out of work schoolteacher and part-time bartender, Philadelphia Eagles football fan Vince Papale (Mark Wahlberg) had nothing to lose when new coach Dick Vermeil (Greg Kinnear) held an open tryout. With sheer determination and stamina, Papale made the team
The formula is predictable but the film deserves props for making a momentary fan out of someone who wouldn't be caught dead watching Monday Night Football
You're likely to find this a touching, stirring story even if it has been given the Hollywood treatment.
If it weren't true, people would never have believed it.
For the umpteenth time, Walt Disney Pictures repackages the American dream. Go ahead and groan over all the predictable elements, but you'll root for Papale, Vermeil and the Eagles.
A little "Rocky," a little "Rookie," and all heart, "Invincible" is a good-natured sports movie that's as uplifting as it looks.
The adverts for Invincible tout its inspirational nature and rags-to-riches story. These claims, though, are well founded and done with craftsmanship.
A heartstrings-pulling, tear-jerking, inspiring, hopeful drama of guts and determination where people like us overcome big odds to set an example for all those around.
Vince Papale's life story must be pretty amazing. Even when it's subjected to the glossed-over Disney sports biopic formula, it comes off pretty well.
[W]e come out of the theater satisfied that the little guy made it and proved his worth, and vaguely disquieted that we've already seen this story several times.
fact or fiction, Invincible is still a rousing good time at the movies.
Maybe Vince Papale isn't a hero, but like Rocky, Rudy, or any of the other classic sports figures we idolize, but he comes close.
'Is that all there is?' I thought when the film was over. There is more, a lot more, just not in the film.
We never get the sense that Wahlberg's Papale really believes he belongs on the team, and it's for this reason 'Invincible' never really soars.
Through Hollywood contrivance, it stretches interest long enough to make it to the final goal of sport spirit.
takes the daring step of making this "based on a true story" sports film more about the emotional journey of its hero, Vince Papale, rather than the standard tale of an underdog overcoming enormous odds
Even though there's never any question about how it's going to play out, you still find yourself on the verge of cheering at the end.
The Rookie had a family to support so it was a real dilemma. If you're divorced, alone and jobless, and there are tryouts, and you make the cut, what's the issue?
Even Papale's most famous play, recovering a fumble to set up a touchdown, is embellished, as if Disney can't bear to stick with the facts.
When it's good it's very good. When it's bad -- well, it's still pretty good.
Invincible is a working-class jock Cinderella fantasy with the sincerity of a beer commercial, the soul of a Republican incumbent, and the designer-flannel esthetics of an old Bruce Springsteen video.
The film's depiction of life among the salt of the earth is blandly cartoonish.
It may not break new ground, but Invincible is an entertaining film, awash in clichés but leavened by the charismatic performance of Mark Wahlberg as Vince Papale.
The hard-charging practice and game scenes take you onto the field and slam you into large, shoulder-padded men.
What's modestly refreshing about the way this story is told by director Eric Core and writer Brad Gann, is that the person with the largest doubts about going pro is Papele himself.
It's a hard-earned humanity that gives Invincible its vigor.
The movie is shamelessly manipulative.
If Invincible weren't a true story no one would believe it. But it's not quite as true as its makers would have you believe.
The movie grinds out some formula yardage but is never just rote.
Invincible will have you cheering for a working-class guy with no college football experience who gets a chance to make the roster of his beloved Philadelphia Eagles.
Invincible succeeds without yanking on the heartstrings too blatantly.
The unsinkable sports-underdog formula, legendary Eagles folklore, the crackerjack visuals of NFL Films -- all add up to just enough in Invincible.
This is a Disney movie, but even as harmless formula fluff, Invincible still has a genuine depth of feeling and the sincere, old-fashioned optimism inherent in classic triumphant-underdog movies.
It has been done so many times, and so often by Disney, that the real surprise in a movie like this is when it does manage to surprise.
Papale's story is more than any fan could dream of, which is why it's frustrating that Invincible feels the need to embellish it.
A generic series of pep talks and rock-pumped montages. The only thing missing is a Rocky shot of the character racing up steps.
The relaxed feel is what makes it so likable: This movie is grounded
Wahlberg and his co-stars, including love interest Elizabeth Banks, really seem to believe in the story, with a grave intensity that enhances its underdog appeal.
If you are at all a sucker for an underdog story, it will suffice.
Invincible is one gigantic pile of cornball clichés, but there's no denying the movie works you over anyway.
Credit Invincible with varying the Disney formula just a bit. While still a "feel good" movie, it's a dark and miserable road that must be traveled along the way.
It's Rocky with shoulder pads.
Not a great football movie, but it'll do until one comes along.
Guaranteed to please. Just don't go expecting any surprises.
As much as I wanted to root for Invincible, its protagonist comes across as neither ebullient nor vivacious.
Complicity from the NFL and delicate camerawork on the field lend Invincible valuable authenticity.
Invincible is as much a period piece as it is a sports movie, complete with a non-stop soundtrack of familiar hits that, unfortunately, makes one think of That '70s Show a little too often
They're [Disney] not looking to make a complex, textured analysis of competition and ambition here, they just want a football movie that ends with the audience cheering for the hero.
For a movie about following your dreams, this one is sorely lacking imagination.
By now, that formula is starting to wear a bit thin, though Invincible, a football drama, is certainly better and more entertaining than the basketball tale Glory Road, which was released earlier this year.
If it doesn't score a lot of extra points for originality, it at least makes it across the goal line without too many fumbles.
The most remarkable accomplishment of Invincible is to make a mid-'70s musical soundtrack sound spectacular.
The genre shows serious signs of wear in this needlessly fictionalized feature about Vince Papale, a 30-year-old bartender who improbably won a spot on the Philadelphia Eagles in 1976.
A conventional Disney story of an ordinary guy striving to achieve his sports dream, full of uplift and warmth. (Think of The Rookie and Miracle.)
For all its paint-by-numbers plotting, there's nothing unduly irritating about Invincible, either in execution or in marketing -- it's precisely the film it was meant to be.
Wahlberg and the rest of the solid cast sell this ESPN equivalent of a Lifetime movie.
There's a danger in reducing pictures like this to the sum of their lessons, at the expense of recognizing them as satisfying, if flawed, genre exercises.
If this movie doesn't make you want to stand up and cheer you probably don't have a pulse. A rousing achievement on every level.
Put simply, this movie works, and if your heart doesn't beat heartily in appreciation than you better go to a doctor because you just might be dead.
[Wahlberg] makes Vince the kind of modest, aw-shucks guy worth rooting for, which is what makes Invincible a winner.
Invincible does nothing to improve on the already very tired sports underdog theme.
There's an air of disbelief onscreen as to what's going on, and everyone is so busy preparing for the fall that we all know is going to come but doesn't, that makes this not seem like the fairy tale it's supposed to be.
It may not entirely live up to its name, but for a film that's steeped in familiarity, it is a noble entry into an ever-crowding genre.
Produced by Mark Ciardi ['The Rookie,' 'Miracles'], the fact-based 'Invincible' goes for touchdown. It is a formula movie that works.
This entirely average Disney drama sports nuanced performances and little else.
It drags and drags and drags.
Invincible won't surprise you in story, performances, or resolution; however, give it a chance, and it might sneak up on you.
This is such a realistic film that I was completely captivated by it. I didn't think even God could make a woman as beautiful as Elizabeth Banks.
Perhaps what Disney needs for its next inspiring sports film is a pacemaker.
Invincible sucks the soul out of the real-life events and offers a generic, glossy revision of the story.
It's a lean, efficient, classy film, uplifting without being schmaltzy.
Ultimately will be little more than another human interest story we hear during the end of a daily newscast
It's comforting entertainment done well
Wahlberg brings sincerity and an easy athleticism to the role of Papale, and Elizabeth Banks has a lovely centered quality and genuine sparkle as his love interest.
About the only people bound to find fault are die-hard Giants, Cowboys, and Redskins fans
Led by Mark Wahlberg at his most underdoggedly appealing, this is about as soft sell as this prefab genre gets.
Wahlberg... makes [it] work in a movie way... he's a sad, sweet, hurtin' guy, endearingly vulnerable, adorably masculine without being a macho idiot.
Fumbles in its telling of a story that, historically noteworthy or not, isn't dramatically potent enough for a cinematic treatment.
Loses possession early on and has trouble holding onto the ball.
This fictionalized version of Papale's story is filled with the usual sports clichés, but it also has, well, heart.
Disney's latest sports-underdog movie is the true story of a part-time bartender (Mark Wahlberg) who realizes his dream of playing for the Philadelphia Eagles.
With Invincible -- hero-worship and unimaginative storytelling have caused the project to strike a sour note.
This is one footballing epic with nary an epic in sight.
A scenario straight from the fantasies of every armchair super-fan.
Unlike most 'feel-good' films in this genre, Invincible isn't blatantly manipulative, and works so well because it is, in fact, understated.
It doesn't seem to know whether it's a music video or a sports drama.
...a really solid film that resists gooey sentiment and delivers something that feels like it's been earned.
The material is OK -- not great. And Wahlberg's as flat as a Philly cheesesteak run over by US Steel truck ...
There's too much slow-mo and too many music cues, but there's a low-key buzz to Wahlberg's scenes with Greg Kinnear, who plays newcomer coach Dick Vermeil.
It's so close to the original Stallone [Rocky] classic in every way except its subject sport that it's practically a remake.
Aside from the obligatory wife-who's-holding-Papale-back, Invincible gets almost everything right.
This film gets more right than wrong in the playbook.
Invincible is an uplift-the-neighborhood, stand-up-and-cheer, go-Eagles inspirational story about the little energizer that could.
Ultimately, the movie fulfills its mission, which is to fire up viewers with its can-do attitude.
If you want to see a really good inspirational movie about football, try Remember the Titans. But if you want to see a movie about bad '70s hair and tiresome sports-movie clichés, Invincible is all yours.
Reminds us that from the bitter rivalries to the torn jerseys worn in pickup games to the dreams of gridiron glory, sports teams belong to the fans.
It's rooted in a keen understanding of sports as popular religion, so that Vince's personal victory becomes a communal one, for a nation -- or at least a few blocks of South Philly -- uneasily transitioning into its third century.
"Invincible" is an audience-pleaser with Wahlberg's neighborhood guy charm showcased to full effect.
Invincible is part The Rookie, part Rocky and all heart.
A true story of a Philadelphia Eagles football fan who digs deep within and discovers a new life for himself beyond his wildest dreams
Rather like its hero, Invincible overcomes the obstacles thrown in its path and emerges as a solid, if not overwhelming, performer.
The long and tedious first third of the movie is set in a working class bar in south Philly. This plodding part is pure sitcom.
It's a great story. And it has the added benefit of being (mostly) true.
Every so often, Mark Wahlberg gets hold of a role that lets him reconnect with what made him a star.
Shut-down factories, unemployment lines, and prole strikes feature prominently, unfortunately only to be glazed by Core's top '70s hits nostalgia.
While it doesn't reach the level of visceral -- or dramatic -- impact of Friday Night Lights, Invincible generally gets the game's physical nature right, most ironically via Core's choice of slo-mo action shots.
A persuasive and enjoyable sports film for male audiences.
This is mopey, paint-by-numbers filmmaking. One of the year's most woefully underwritten screenplays takes a terrific true story and dulls it down into morose, formulaic slop.
One of the few satisfying sports movies in which the foundation built upon a heap of clichés holds strong.
Like Papale, [it] has its heart in the right place.
[It] a real-life event and turns it into a well-made, feel-good film.




@highlight

As simple and authentic as the gritty South Philly invirons in which it's set in, Invincible sends a uplifting and heartfelt message packed with an athletic enthusiasm that shouldn't be missed.