Sean Penn's portrayal of Milk stands out, with his considerable weight loss and authentic body language... [Full review in Spanish]
Milk is fortuitously, if inevitably, a movie of its moment.
Penn may be the main attraction, but this is very much an ensemble piece. Emile Hirsch, as cheeky street kid turned activist Cleve Jones, Diego Luna as Milk's annoyingly needy, unstable second lover and James Franco's Scott, add to the communal spirit.
[Dustin Lance] Black's attempts to dress up this schema in the gay trappings afforded by his subject do nothing to meaningfully pervert the form-or Milk's emotional tidiness.
Penn's performance is inspiring, a transformation that finds the heart and soul of a historical figure and sends blood pumping through a man who has become practically deified over the decades.
While making a political, historical biopic, Van Sant managed, concurrently, to make a visually beautiful, emotionally thrilling and surprisingly personal work of art.
Penn burrows inside his character, capturing not only Milk's Long Island Jewish intonations and his gay body language but also the intensity of his beliefs and the particular mix of fear and desire through which he viewed the world.
Harvey repeats throughout the film, "you've gotta give 'em hope." He did the legwork. The film is just a reminder.
The movie's getting a lot of praise for being an "unconventional" biopic. I don't think this is true, but it's happening, I suspect, because it's NOT a biopic: It's a cause movie.
A poignant lesson about the ripples of impact one impassioned individual can have, regardless of sexual orientation, and regardless of the cause.
A bracingly passionate look back at the man who helped define a specific era.
At the moment, it's my favorite movie of the year.
This movie chooses not to dwell on tragedy. Instead it mines the inspiration Milk gave to hundreds, then thousands, then, posthumously, millions.
A little more sour to go with the sweet would have made Milk one of the greats.
Rather than force fictional acceptance at which the world unfortunately hasn't arrived, Gus van Sant effectively, astutely chronicles the slow, painful birth of minority representation and the tragic price Harvey Milk paid for political visibility.
A lively biopic of slain gay politician Harvey Milk, one that mostly avoids the "this happened, then that happened" routineness of many of its ilk.
Milk tackles serious issues about equal treatment under the law and the power of a minority community to determine its standing in the larger world through political activism.
Ultimatelt resembles less the man than the titular white liquid -- warm, nourishing, somewhat sleep-inducing
The film is not only the story of Harvey Milk but the galvanization of the gay community in San Francisco and while Milk would have been quick to point out that there are very few lesbians in this film - something that Van Sant seems to miss - he would ha
With a commercially agreeable directorial style, Gus Van Sant continues his foray into provocative cinema with what is quite possibly his best film yet.
A solid film with clear intentions -- to thoughtfully entertain. If you walk out of Milk and not be moved then you are missing a little soul.
Sean Penn gives a meticulously detailed performance as the cagey and charismatic pol, but credit should also go to Dustin Lance Black, whose script squarely locates Milk at the center of his community, his city, and his cause.
An involving portrait of the courage of one man standing up against hatred and bigotry.
The best film of 2008; engrossing no matter what one's sexual orientation.
Penn's comments at the 2008 Oscars might have been needed if it weren't for a previous statement by Dustin Lance Black who sensitively and appealingly, made an acceptance speech in which he spoke very personally about the pain of being gay as a youth.
O mais impressionante é observar como Penn se livra de todos os resquícios de sua própria personalidade e de seus personagens anteriores ao emprestar seu corpo a uma nova criação que em nada lembra suas demais performances.
Much like the documentary that went before; Penn's performance makes the remake worthwhile
Algo atípico: buen cine testimonial y militante con la forma de una producción mainstream de Hollywood. Gran trabajo protagónico de Sean Penn.
'Milk' is a docu-drama that's one of the best movies of 2008.
The film itself can be taken as an act of testimony, mingling archival footage with re-enactments and immediacy with nostalgia.
Penn is magnificent in the title role with excellent support from James Franco and James Brolin.
Sean Penn and gay director Gus Van Sant (Good Will Hunting) have created a warm-hearted testament to Harvey Milk, the first openly gay individual who was elected to major political office, and was then murdered/martyred.
What if Van Sant's movie hit theaters in California a couple of months before Californians said yes to the no-to-gay-marriage Proposition 8 on November 4?
The film is dedicated to Milk's memory, but it's Penn that most of us will remember.
Van Sant has a powerful story to tell, and he tells it with craft, as it was written.
Penn is a revelation as Milk. He's always been a no-holds-barred actor, but this is another departure: his energy drives the story.
Quite simply, Milk is an unmissable film about a man who energised a movement.
Milk is the full-cream deal; an artery-testing tale of love, politics, human rights and heartbreak.
A spirited portrait of Harvey Milk, the first openly homosexual person to serve in a major office in the United States.
Milk is warm, emotional, politically committed.
Milk is a powerful film that leaves a lump in your throat. It has a magnificent performance from Sean Penn.
Sean Penn's stunning performance as Harvey Milk, the first openly gay man voted into US public office is the first reason to see this potent and involving film
Milk thoroughly deserves all of the press ink that will doubtless be spilt over it. Wear your 'Vote Penn' Oscar pin with pride.
The story is sad, but the mood is jubilant and the energy relentless.
As a portrait of Harvey Milk, Van Sant's film is a sincere work, bolstered by an unquestionably outstanding turn by Sean Penn. While some of the other actors don't match up, this is a minor quibble in an otherwise impressive piece.
Van Sant's skill as a film-maker is showcased here to inspiring effect. Rarely has a lesson in political history felt so involving and alive. What's more, it's a genuinely important film that could not be better timed.
I felt that Milk is a slightly staid film, closer to the middle-of-the-road side of Gus van Sant's film-making persona, the bland side that made his treacly Sean Connery film Finding Forrester.
It's a wonderfully evocative film, radiating with warmth and humour, bristling too with righteous rage.
The real Milk - a former avid Republican, an egotist and to some a difficult man - seemed worthy of a dense, conflicted biopic. In the end, we have to be satisfied with Penn, doing Penn, doing Penn.
This is a gritty, documentary-like treatment that incorporates archive footage to give the action a raw, bristling energy.
This compelling biopic is proof of what an engaging director he can be when not filming his own belly-button fluff.
This is a warm, moving, non-preachy and surprisingly funny slice of contemporary history.
Milk is a fairly straightforward biopic distinguished by judicious use of contemporary newsreel, a tone at once impassioned and restrained - until the last few scenes, the film never resorts to emotional button-pushing.
The frustrating aspect of the movie is that it could - and should - have been a moving drama. Instead, it settles for being agit-prop.
Go along not just to see an actor at the top of his game, but to witness an uplifting, inspiring true story.
Penn is electrifying as the effeminate, tragic Milk and worthy of an Oscar nomination.
Add Penn's uncannily three-dimensional performance, his best yet, and Milk is a masterclass on how a political biopic can become rich, humane, encompassing cinema.
As a public figure Van Sant does him full justice; as a private individual, tormented by a needy Latino lover (Diego Luna) the film is much vaguer.
Milk, film and man, demands our attention, yet never stoops to beg for it.
An intelligent and powerful movie about an inspirational life.
As biopics go, this portrait of gay activist Harvey Milk isn't quite up there with, say, Raging Bull. Still, it is smart, sexy and very funny.
This is a warm, beautifully detailed, if slightly long-winded biopic from Good Will Hunting director Gus Van Sant.
Van Sant makes sure Milk's flaws are also shown, as details his ultimately inspirational and tragic story.
It's a powerful story, but while Van Sant's reversion to the easy-to-love mainstream appeal of Good Will Hunting makes sense given his subject's inclusive "I want to recruit you" message, it's not especially invigorating.
One measure of Penn's achievement is that the character we get to know surpasses the pink issue. Penn's Milk is a warrior against bigotry.
Emotionally engaging, well written and superbly directed biopic, featuring a strong supporting cast and a terrific central performance by Sean Penn.
Might Milk have accomplished other miracles had he lived? Got Milk? Wish we still did. At least we have this marvelous film, a slightly ragged valentine beautifully rendered by Gus Van Sant.
This is a highly affecting film, and Sean Penn gives the most moving performance of the year of a very ordinary man whom history moved to greatness.
A touching love letter long on sincerity and short on objectivity, but Sean Penn's amazing embodiment of gay activist Harvey Milk is a truly transformative performance.
Actually retards attempts to understand what it is that transforms some men into symbols and others into sheep.
He antagonized people, he galvanized people, and he mesmerized me even from beyond the grave thanks to Penn's and Van Sant's beautiful and inspiring work here.
Milk always said "I want to recruit you," and Van Sant and Black take Milk's tumultuous life and fashion it into a recruiting poster.
Milk presents details about the title character and his relevance... but the presentation itself appears more intent on being a recruitment film than an actual biopic.
There is no concession to melodrama, nor a moment wasted. Van Sant presents his story with an unflinching eye on the factual timeline of Milk's days in San Francisco, right down to the moment of jarring violence that ended his life.
It's filled with so much vitality...that one comes away admiring the filmmaking while feeling deeply touched, even inspired, by the fiery life at the film's center.
Packs quite a wallop--in both its emotional and inspirational power.
Sean Penn must create something completely foreign to his understanding and sell it as if he felt Harvey Milk's struggle with every fiber of his being - and he does
Marches forward with insistency and purpose. This immensely heart-felt biographical movie ranks as one of the year's best films.
This is one of Penn's greatest roles.
Milk is that rare biographical movie that makes you believe you've met the man yourself. At the very least, the movie makes you wish Harvey Milk were still around, fighting the good fight.
Whether you are heterosexual, homosexual or somewhere in between, Milk is such an inspiring and powerful movie that you should drop everything you are doing right now and instantly head to the theaters.
The film belongs to Sean Penn -- he inhabits Harveyâ(TM)s sweetness, his astuteness, his courage and determination.
It's Amazing How Van Sant Can Pull Off Such Grace and Grit the Same Year he Gives Us to Prententious Nonsense of Paranoid Park.
Captures the feeling of the city, and the events of Milk's life; but never captures the dynamic charisma that had to be a vital part of the man
...it doesn't pack quite the same emotional punch as its non-fiction forebearer, Rob Epstein's Oscar-winning documentary The Times of Harvey Milk...
Milk combines grade-A acting, an astute screenplay, and innovative, passionate direction into a package that entertains even as it drives home some important ideas.
Josh Brolin's double murderer steals the film from Sean Penn's Saint Harvey. That couldn't have been the intention, but the most fully developed character wins.
A rare bio-pic of sufficient depth and emotional complexity to humanize an icon while simultaneously conveying the significance of his lasting contributions to the culture.
Full of both passion and purpose, Milk is clearly one of the year's best films.
A funny, moving and emotionally intense movie that is among the best of 2008.
Whatever you think of gay people (or politicians), you may find the movie compelling viewing.
The time is right for Milk.
An object lesson for filmmakers who need proof that features with heavy themes about events of historic significance can be personal and accessible, intimate and entertaining.
Penn seems to disappear behind the upright shoulders and coquettish grin of his alter ego. He not only launches into each close-up screen kiss with co-star James Franco with palpable zeal, he makes Milk a lovable hero despite all his flaws and unflagging
Considering that it is a story steeped in tragedy, Milk is a joyous movie.
[Later] you realize that [Penn] doesn't innately look that much like Milk -- which is a sign of how terrific his performance is. Josh Brolin is no less perfect as White...
Penn's best performance and Van Sant's best film.
"Milk" is expertly made, rich with humor and poignancy, using a mix of recreated scenes shot in San Francisco and archival footage to give a convincing, panoramic portrait of the city, an era, and the man who changed both.
Why is there no openly gay Hollywood actor portraying any of the historical figures in this film? Because no American A-list film star has come out to be counted.
So much about Milk speaks to our current Prop 8 poisoned society that it should be studied by anyone wondering where hate and bigotry get their clear eyed cravenness.
Van Sant keeps things tidy and digestible, allowing us to feel morally superior to White and proud of our tolerance of Milk, his friends and his supporters. We get to be on the side of righteousness, to be assured that because we are touched by the aspira
Yes, there is enough gay heat in the movie to pasteurize Richard Simmons' swimming pool %u2013 and allegedly the longest man-on-man kiss of any mainstream movie. I credit Director Gus Van Sant for keeping it real and authentic and not diluting the tone to
While message films can be polarizing, Milk has an urgency that Penn makes user-friendly.
After eight long years of cinematically picking lint out of his bellybutton, Van Sant returns from the void of his scarf collection with this noble bio-pic, a film awash with colorful characters and a pinpoint recreation of a time and place.
Perhaps it is simply an accident of timing that puts Milk in theaters at this moment. But fate or simple fortunate timing, Milk arrives as one of the best films of 2008.
Transcends the solemnity of its historical duty, seeming both timely and timeless -- and fully alive.
Like the inclusive American ideals its hero so staunchly advocates, this movie is open to everybody.
Gus Van Sant has made his Malcolm X.
It's that rare case where the importance of the subject matter and the importance of the film are on equal footing.
As far as paint-by-numbers biopics go, Milk is unquestionably the best we've seen in years - maybe even the whole decade.
As a true story, it makes great drama - preferable if you don't already know the history.
Sincere, gentle and at times engrossing mainstream biopic on Harvey Milk.
That Milk is merely excellent and not transcendent should not obscure its importance to popular culture...
A biopic so adoringly biased it destroys credibility.
Director Gus Van Sant's storytelling approach, expansive yet always intimate, works in tandem with Sean Penn's masterful performance to create a loving, humanistic tribute to a San Francisco icon.
It's not a great movie, but it is an enlivening and unusual one: an effervescent political film that also packs a knockout punch.
The sweetness and thrill of a heady new sense of possibilities in the pre-AIDS era is almost unbearably poignant.
It's a surprisingly balanced drama that boasts a great ensemble cast.
A fairly standard biopic -- if a very fine one, indeed -- but never the transcendent work one would have hoped from the filmmaker or his subject.
Both triumphant and vastly disturbing, Van Sant's Milk is a penetrating portrait of an unconventional political figurehead immersed in the chaotic struggles of his defining times
A bizarre manipulation of the gay political impulse.
You haven't seen a film this well written, directed, or acted in a very long time. Milk is a masterpiece.
And the winner is ... Sean Penn for Milk
Visibility is key to Harvey Milk's political and social efforts.
Penn's performance is a marvelous act of empathy in a movie that, for all its surprisingly conventional style, measures up to its stirring subject.
Harvey Milk is remembered as a local hero in San Francisco, and Sean Penn's joyful, deeply layered portrayal in an uncommonly graceful -- albeit conventional -- new biopic by Gus Van Sant gives us a pretty good idea why.
[T]here's a luminous vivacity to Sean Penn's Harvey, a kind of glow that I've never seen in the actor before and never would have imagined he could bring to the screen...
Its insight forms eerie parallels with the ongoing movement for which San Francisco Supervisor Harvey Milk gave his life.
Gus Van Sant's return to mainstream filmmaking [is] one of the more fascinating political biopics in recent memory.
Milk's peerless performances and direction take on new significance in a year of political transition and expectation. Gus Van Sant's adoring biography couldn't have been delivered at a better time.
A wonderful, full bodied movie that earns its tears honestly driven by an Oscar worthy performance by Penn.
A fabulous, important and timely movie with a core performance by Sean Penn that, at the very least, will lead to an Academy Award nomination for Best Actor.
It's truly a film everyone can take something positive from, and a film that, for me at least, is one of the top films of the year
Even if you have no interest in the subject matter, this is a wonderfully inspiring and important motion picture that should be seen by everyone.
A film that doesn't quite escape the clichés of the biopic genre but still finds its own beats, thanks in large part to the piercing performances.
Sean Penn plays Milk as if he were born to the part... it's a true physical and spiritual embodiment.
Milk is an agitprop fantasy about the selflessness of sainthood. If anybody but Penn was playing the saint, we'd probably feel as if we were being sold a bill of goods. Instead, he just about pulls it off. Such is the treachery of talent.
In Van Sant's hands, it's both a story for the ages, and a story for our age.
Finely wrought film conveys the humanity of the main character while never devolving into hagiography.
Penn and director Gus Van Sant play Milk's sexual orientation with candor that never dips into cartoonishness -- it's refreshing and true and manly
Just as Tom Hanks put a face to AIDS in 1993's Philadelphia, Sean Penn has now put a face to gay rights as Harvey Milk in the new Gus Van Sant true-story film Milk.
It puts Harvey Milk back on his soap box, where his unyielding commitment to his issue cost him his life.
Penn completely disappears to make Harvey Milk into one of the most charismatic figures you have ever seen on a movie screen
Intellectually compelling and emotionally heartrending, Milk is one of the most profound and inspiring presentations of an American political leader I have ever seen.
Sean Penn delivers a brilliant, transformational performance.
This film wants us to understand both how far we've come as a society and that it is still not far enough.
Once in a while, a movie arrives at such a perfect moment, its message and meaning so finely tuned to the current zeitgeist, that it seems less a cinematic event than a cosmic convergence, willed into being by a once-in-a-lifetime alignment of the stars.
Milk is so immediate that it's impossible to separate the movie's moment from this one.
Milk has one of the finest ensemble casts this year and a magnificent, career-topping performance by Sean Penn, who disappears into the title role.
Van Sant has made something very rare in Hollywood -- a genuinely powerful political film that works equally well as a story of personal triumph.
The film understandably and movingly centres itself on Penn's portrayal of a hedonist-turned-activist who discovered that in order to change his world, he had to find his voice.
Van Sant's film (and why did it take 24 years after the documentary to make this stirring, heartbreaking story a feature film?) finally gives Milk his due -- and becomes an immediate classic of gay cinema.
It feels authentic in every frame.
It's a measure of the film's breadth and intelligence that it is almost as interested in White as Milk. White is not depicted as a cartoonish villain but as a frustrated, emotionally underdeveloped man who lashed out at a low point in his life.
It's nice to see Penn play a character of Spicoli-like sweetness and openness, rather than the glowering lugs that have become his specialty.
I don't know that this is Penn's best performance, overall -- let's have that debate some other time -- but as far as the mannered, immersive impersonations of his later career go, Harvey Milk takes the cake.
Milk represents a thought provoking, cathartic, and mostly true tale of politics and courage.
The final result somehow undersells a man whose life and death were watershed moments in the gay rights movement.
His bio of Milk is not a man-the-barricades fist-pumper that relies on swelling music and heroic shots. It's a quiet tribute to a guy who brought gay rights forward with common sense, hard work and a personal courage he found late in life.
Penn is one of our great actors, and his greatness comes from small things. Close your eyes and listen to how he absolutely gets -- but doesn't caricature -- Milk's honking Long Island accent.
Penn goes way deep and soulful in a highly ingratiating performance that's the one to beat for the Best Actor Oscar.
The more things change, the more they stay the same.
After many years and failed attempts, a very, very good biopic of Harvey Milk is finally here.
In addition to Brolin, others in the superb supporting cast include Emile Hirsch as activist Cleve Jones, Canadian Alison Pill as campaign manager Anne Kronenberg and Franco as a man increasingly uncomfortable at being in the eye of the Milk-spun storm.
Somehow, Milk implants hope in those who've lost it. Somehow, Penn plays him as a feisty charmer so winning and lifelike that you'll regard him as a friend before it's over.
Milk is a worthy docudrama that is solid if not sublime. But, sometimes, a merely good film can brush up against greatness, and this one does so twice.
Progress is slow, but Harvey Milk was one of the first to set the wheels in motion. He more than deserves a movie this good.
At the heart of this eloquent portrait of a cultural catalyst is Penn's profoundly human, and possibly finest, performance.
It's a reminder, in this age of virtual flash and computer-generated wonders, of the power of simple human expression.
...opulent and convincing with the many crowd and protest scenes giving believable scope to the civil rights movement that gripped and changed San Francisco in the 1970s.
What's surprising about Milk is how much creative fun Van Sant has under the serious circumstances.
What if Gus Van Sant had made Milk as if he were actually Gus Van Sant?
Bad art serves no one, but the reach for significance is often enough to proffer a pat-on-the-back and an affirmative nod, as if 'attempt' and 'achievement' were suddenly synonymous terms of action.
The authenticity this Oregon native [director Gus Van Sant] provides is palpable and, at times, breathtaking.
Sean Penn gives one of his most fearless and thrilling performances in Milk, director Gus Van Sant's recounting of the life and violent death of the first openly gay man to be elected to a significant municipal position in America.
Van Sant's innate stylistic detachment keeps Milk from attaining its full potential as a rousing, rich drama. It's 2 percent when it should be whole.
A traditional bio-pic about historic figure Harvey Milk, the first openly gay man elected to public office in this country. Sean Penn gives a wonderful, inviting performance as the easy-to-smile Milk.
Memorable, mature biopic brings a movement to life.
Milk achieves what it sets out to do, telling an inspiring tale of one man's quest to legitimize his identity, to give hope to his community.
Penn is so engaging, physically loose and just plain smart in the title role, he's bound to top everyone's shortlist come awards time.
This is really about a man who gave his life to a movement. Everyone knows about the tragic end of JFK and MLK. More people need to know Harvey Milk's story.
The story of Harvey Milk is a tragedy, but not since Jeff Spicoli in Fast Times at Ridgemont High has Sean Penn played such a serenely happy individual.
Milk was murdered 30 years ago. The exceptional The Times of Harvey Milk won the Oscar for Best Documentary 24 years ago.... Yet, all this time later... Hollywood wants us to applaud its courage for finally--finally--telling this story?
Milk is a film about the politics of sex, in which the political process itself not only takes precedence over but seems to stand in for the complexities of real life sexuality.
Van Sant could have trimmed the movie up a little bit but that is all forgotten when you see Sean Penn's awkward and genius performance.
With neither subtlety nor depth, 'Milk' does no service to its group cause or individual subject.
Gus Van Sant's conventional biopic about an unconventional figure is a well-constructed, generally well-performed work of hagiography.
Sean Penn is nothing less than transformative. This is one of those watermark turns that an actor waits all their life to play, and he disappears into the role with every fiber of his being.
Funny, touching, angry and filled to the brim with great performances, "Milk" is a wonderful film from start to finish
Milk is adult and intelligent in ways many films are not, and it's rousing and enthralling in a way few films are. It's a minor miracle of sheer film making joy and determination, and one of the best American films of 2008.
Harvey Milk was an intriguing, inspiring figure. And Milk is a marvel.
There's a reason this kind of movie is Oscar bait and Milk seriously ups the ante in the year's best actor competition.
Weakest as a biopic, but the context is fascinating, and Gus Van Sant presents it with elegance and clarity.
Skirting somewhere in-between his bombastic, arms-flailing work in the disasterous All the King's Men remake and the man-child of I Am Sam, Penn goes well past impersonation and commands each and every scene with sympathy and determination.
All I know is that I can never get through Times of Harvey Milk without a handkerchief, while Van Sant's Milk left me forlornly dry-eyed.
Van Sant's tender human-interest story, which showcases Sean Penn's considerable talents, is a closer relative to earlier efforts such as Finding Forrester or Good Will Hunting than to recent, abstruse features like Elephant and Gerry
Penn is playful while still allowing Milk's intellect to shine through and he recreates Harvey as a man whose openness invited everyone in, a sweet guy who inspired others to be their best.
The film is a passionate history lesson, a broadside in favor of gay rights and the engaging story of one flawed but courageous man.
[Penn's] strong performance provides crucial ballast to the winding narrative of Milk's life, which hits a lot of dead ends and detours before his rise to political and cultural prominence.
[An] incisive and stirring dramatization of Harvey Milk's heroic life and violent death.
Though set in the '70s, this biopic couldn't be more relevant -- or more powerful.
Van Sant works from a script by Dustin Lance Black to tell Milk's story clearly and forcefully.
It's a testament to Van Sant's way with actors that the performances are better than the lines and that the film tugs undeniably at the heart as the awful finale falls.
After a series of obtuse, difficult movies, it's great to see Van Sant making something that's accessible -- entertaining, emotional, and vibrant -- without forsaking depth and intelligence.
With the combination of Van Sant's direction and Penn's masterful performance, it's moving, and important, as well.
With Milk, a great San Francisco story becomes a great American story.
Sean Penn amazes me.
The film hits all the important marks but never feels like a typical biopic, a superficial, greatest-hits collection.
Easily ranks as one of the best biographical movies in years...topped by a grand performance by Sean Penn.
A paint-by numbers biopic of the tireless activist that wastes the efforts of some fine actors.
Equal parts sweetness, melancholy and rage, Milk is a wonderfully immersive, warts-and-all journey into the gay community at a vital moment in civil rights history.
Ferociously impassioned, Sean Penn brings powerful conviction, embodying Milk with the kind of touching vulnerability and dignity that deserves Oscar recognition.
For an Oscar-baiting movie, Milk doesn't beg for attention, but it certainly earns it.
While Milk would be an excellent film any year, coming as it does in November 2008, it is almost unbearably poignant.
A heartbreaking biopic about the first openly gay man to win an important political position.
That rare, heartfelt biopic disinterested in egregious chronological compression or psychological reductiveness.
A slice of history well worth revisiting.
An exceptional film.
A very powerful film that's really relevant to what is going on in the world today.
Giving himself utterly to the role, Penn takes an actor's craft and dedication to soulful heights, making a demand for dignity that becomes universal.
Clearly Van Sant struggled to deliver something as conventional as he has, but if his visual digressions aren't exactly subversive, they affect a feeling of angst that's very much in sync with the time period depicted in the film.
Milk is one of the most heartfelt portraits of a politician ever made -- the man himself remains just out of reach.
Van Sant's biopic prevails as a unique and sweeping cinematic experience that is both exhilarating and horrific.
A superlative biopicture about the gay activist who spoke truth to power and worked around the clock for the rights of gays, lesbians, bisexuals, and transgender individuals.
Van Sant may be preaching to the choir, but this is relevant, powerful filmmaking.
This is one of the most controlled, friendly, emotional and downright loveable performances [Penn] has ever given.
It's a lengthy, engaging, information-packed tribute to an early activist who dedicated the last years of his life to gay rights before it was fashionable, and paid the ultimate price for his passion.
From a filmmaking aspect if not a subject-worthy one (from some hostile viewpoints), this is a biopic whose qualities made "Milk" worth doing.
Sean Penn's Oscar-worthy embodiment of San Francisco Gay activist politician Harvey Milk, fits hand-in-glove with Gus Van Sant's even-handed filmic treatment of his subject.
A briskly-told, warmly humanistic and stirring portrait of inspirational gay activist and politician Harvey Milk.
The first great film to look at civil rights from the perspective of the gay movement.
An adroitly and tenderly observed account of the life of Harvey Milk.
As the first openly gay politico, Sean Penn gives a towering, ultra-sympathetic Oscar-caliber performance (his best since Mystic River), elevating Van Sant's biopic way above its conventional narrative and melodramatic trappings.




@highlight

Anchored by Sean Penn's powerhouse performance, Milk is a triumphant account of America's first openly gay man elected to public office.