The frustrating thing about Alexander is not that it is a bad film. It's that what we get suggests that director Miguel Arteta could have given us so much more.
It's the rare, current kid movie made with real actors. Unfortunately, it's not remotely adult-funny. That's OK. Parents suffer. It's what they do. Go and suffer for the kids.
And while the problems had are sadly very white and upper class ones, the message is still relevant. It's also rather funny-at times.
The film may be a good way to distract kids for an hour and 20 minutes, but are any of its messages appropriate?
I found it genuinely adorable and entertaining.
Alexander... etc. isn't exactly a terrible film, but it was definitely in need of a little retooling so that the events plaguing this family weren't quite so unbelievable, annoying, and on the lower end of the comic scale.
Alexander is funnier than one would expect. In a weird way, it's full of refreshingly cranky, dorky goofing.
This is a good, old-fashioned family comedy. It reminds me of similar live-action films I enjoyed growing up in the early 1990s including Home Alone, Mrs Doubtfire and Jumanji.
Carell and Garner do the physical comedy with a lot of flair, the younger actors more than hold up their end and Megan Mullally of Will and Grace fame puts in a crisp cameo.
Most of the accidents that befall the Cooper clan are annoying or embarrassing and even a car accident is more about cosmetic damage to the vehicle than a passenger actually being harmed.
Alexander's day otherwise proves middling, uninspired, not great, and very pedestrian.
It's a not so terrible, not so horrible, not so good movie...
For a while, it looks as if the moral is going to be that negativity isn't all bad, which, for an American children's film, seems rather daring. Alas, the point is drowned out in a final chorus of affirmations.
It's the snowball effect of this lightweight but enjoyable family film with an appealing cast that makes it funny
... more obnoxious than charming as it translates the classic story into an age of e-vites and iPhones.
The film avoids being mean-spirited or mopey. No matter how terrible, horrible, no good or very bad things get, hope never dies. The movie could be a PSA for PMA.
Slapstick chuckles are duly delivered, but the edgy spark with which director Miguel Arteta made his name is notable by its absence.
The day sucks; the movie doesn't.
Before its inevitable final-reel decline into cutesy mawkishness, this family comedy (produced by Shawn Levy) has an enjoyably subversive and anarchic edge.
This frenetic kids' comedy about a ker-razy family and all the wacky mishaps that befall them is neither terrible nor horrible. It's just adequate -- a message-heavy montage of chaos and engineered hilarity.
A breezy, affable adaptation of the Judith Viorst book.
Decidedly mediocre yet hard to hate.
It manages to summon a shade more integrity than you might expect.
Sweet and good-hearted, this feels like a throwback to family comedies of the '80s.
"Alexander" may be a bit corny and its finale may be too pat - wrapping everything up very neatly - but its pace is fast enough that younger viewers will not get restless.
Strained, obvious slapstick played at full volume by an overly energetic cast trying way too hard to sell the movie's weak gags.
Alexander aspires to be a so-so, middlebrow, okay, very bland movie, and it succeeds in spades.
I was honestly shocked to see Arteta's directing credit, after a career of edgy indie works, cutting edge television and one of the wisest adult comedies in recent years (Cedar Rapids). This is what selling out looks like. It isn't flattering.
A film with lots of funny situations that the entire family can enjoy, and with an 82 minute running time it tidies up quick.
What is needed to enjoy the silly "Alexander and the Terrible, Horrible, No Good, Very Bad Day" is turn off the part of your brain that questions that silliness and enjoy.
It's a painfully minor movie that doubles as an accidental study in how pros handle themselves when given less-than-challenging material.
Arteta's adaptation indulges mildly anarchic hijinks while also managing to reliably touch upon something real about the feeling of familial solidarity.
Like the source material, this is one terrible, horrible, no good, very bad day that families just might find themselves revisiting often.
A frequently hilarious movie that's wonderfully charming, free of clutter, and enthusiastically performed.
For those seeking a pleasant PG outing in a sea of pushy PG-13 efforts geared toward hyperactive kids, this one fills the bill with its unassuming nature.
a cute and fun - if not somewhat disposable - film that both kids and parents can enjoy
Not great, but we might as well laugh.
Alexander is far less memorable than its source material, but it ultimately proves to be an affable (and refreshingly brisk) piece of family-friendly entertainment.
The story is dumb, but it is short enough to not feel too trapped taking your kids to the movies.
Sweet book-based comedy has great family messages.
...an okay, mildly amusing, fast-paced, very entertaining movie... provided you haven't yet hit puberty.
'Alexander' feels like a throwback in a lot of ways by being nothing more than an enjoyable time for kids and parents to spend together at the movies.
It's funny, fast, and charming.
Alexander and the Terrible, Horrible, No Good, Very Bad -- MOVIE.
The grownups grab a few legitimately funny bits, but it makes for strangely agitating, passive-aggressive matinee fare: perhaps you just have to enjoy watching rows breaking out more than this viewer does.
Arteta keeps the action speeding along while eliciting spot-on performances. Carell is at his discombobulated best, and Garner anchors the proceedings with aplomb.
Driving around in a doorless minivan in LA --- so absurd --- they deserve a terrible, horrible, no good, very bad day.
One big slapstick scene after another. All that's missing are the pies in the face.
Alexander and the Terrible, Horrible, No Good, Very Bad Day is by no means a great comedy. It is, however, a comedy with laughs for everyone. And there's nothing terrible or horrible about that.
[Alexander] still delivers an important life lesson that's better to digest sooner than later: Life is not fair and people are selfish, but if you can laugh at the petty cruelty and abandon the insecurity, it can still be fun.
There's a smattering of bright spots throughout, but overall, Alexander is such a neutral and neutered family film that it leaves behind no singular identity.
There's nothing wrong with this bright and goofy family comedy, but there's nothing much to it either.
There are a couple of scenes that fall flat, losing the manic push of the rest of the story, but the mood is so screwball that the film hurtles past its own mistakes. It's good fun.
The kids in the audience roared with laughter and both kids and adults loved the way the family stayed - most of the time - optimistic and warmly supportive of each other.
Director Miguel Arteta films controlled chaos very well. He achieves a nice balance here between character and hijinks, but always puts the likability of his cast first. (Full Content Review for Parents also Available)
Knowing how it all will end doesn't sap much of the pleasure from this fun trifle of a film, one that parents and kids can enjoy side by side.
In trying to appeal to a broad family audience, Alexander sometimes spreads its comedy a little thin. But it's big-hearted and, ultimately, upbeat.
I think the adults in my theater appreciated it more than the kids.
This is where the comedy comes from: that lurking fear that even the most routine of daily domestic tasks is just a spilled coffee cup away from disaster.
"Alexander" won't change your day, but it's not terrible, horrible, no good or very bad, either.
It's a film where you start chuckling as soon as someone says something like, "I just want everything to be perfect tonight."
In an era where family-oriented entertainments are released only sporadically, and often feel insidious and tainted, a film in which the only real problem is that it's too 'nice' might come as a welcome respite.
[F]orces its characters into kooky scenarios with little interest if those scenarios make any sense for the characters or in any form of real-world experience.
A pointless series of wacky mishaps ... Too lazy to organize the chaos into coherent jokes. It might not even technically qualify as a 'story.'
Only laugh-out-loud funny a handful of times, but it is pleasing and sweet for most of the duration. While not quite the classic the book is, this genial film adaptation follows suit with comparable ideas and valuable sentiments.
What the filmmakers come up with is a modestly likable mix of zany and gently warmhearted, even if they overdo both elements at times.
Not so terribly horrible. Not so terribly terrific either.
The latest example of a wonderful children's book turned into a mediocre movie.
Director Miguel Arteta, who's previous work is a mixed bag of television and film, gets almost everything right here, including bringing together a solid cast ...
While the laughs are predictable, this is sweet family fare.
Entertaining family film based on the classic children's book about dealing with difficulties with optimism.
a cute enough family film about empathy, but it's based in a Disney reality where parents never snap...young Ed Oxenbould holds the center as the unfortunate Alexander.
Just another loud, boy-centric comedy aimed at 'tweens.
Full of bodily function humor and slapstick comedy, "Alexander" feels outside of director Miguel Arteta's comfort zone.
Certainly everyone has had a day as bad as Alexander and his family. Many have had much, much worse. Conversely, there are a lot of films out there better than this exaggerated excuse for laughs. And similarly, there are a lot, lot worse.
Stretches the book thinner than pizza dough and feels about as nutritious. Still, its intentions are good and so is its cast ...
This film might be overselling itself. Sure, it's bad, but it's also pretty forgettable. You're likely to have just a mildly unpleasant day if you happen to see it.
Though one can name lots of worse family movies, if not horrible, terrible and very bad this one is--considering its pedigree and the quality of the cast--disappointingly mediocre.
Viorst's book is a beloved classic that has lasted decades; the movie is destined for afternoon filler on the Disney Channel.
A nice, pleasant, not bad, perfectly fine movie.
It stays faithful (more or less), then comes up with a clever, movie-friendly way that reimagines - and, one could argue, basically betrays, but in a good way - the source.
Miguel Arteta directs with a deft hand, and the performances charm.
As family movies go, Very Bad Day is a fun-filled romp that viewers of all ages can enjoy.
It's not awful, but it's hardly the "Terrible, Horrible, No Good, Very Bad" that we were promised.
This comedy is a throwback to the kind of live-action family films that Disney used to do so well.
It's a pleasant distraction, nothing more.
Even the bathroom humor is forgivable when the end result is a crowd-pleasing comedy and a surprisingly entertaining treat for the whole family.
A pleasant, entertaining way to spend just under 90 minutes, particularly if accompanied by children.
It turns out the film is not terrible or horrible or very bad. No good? Not that, either.
Alexander is a watchable, affable, pretty good, well-done kids' movie buoyed by a humorous script and talented cast.
The movie is so over-the-top that it makes little narrative sense, but it's often successful in its naked pursuit of belly laughs.
Adding ingratiating material to fill a feature-length movie, the loose adaptation is by no means terrible, but, unlike the book, it's not particularly memorable.
Can a series of irritating events make a movie? Yes, but an irritating one: "Alexander and the Terrible, Horrible, No Good, Very Bad Day."
It almost works - until the dream factory intervenes.
Miguel Arteta's talents are truly, truly wasted on such mediocre fluff.
It's strictly for kids, this very silly, mostly sweet tale of middle-school angst, with a few nonconformist hand grenades tossed in for good measure.
The kid stuff is OK, but Carell and Garner make Disney look VERY smart for hiring movie stars to play the parents. They absolutely make the movie.
An overall sense of slightness ... prevents this from being a family-film classic.
Everything that can go wrong does, and while it has its moments, Miguel Arteta's comedy relies too much on gender-shaming and emasculation jokes.
The market for the film presumably is very young children, and director Miguel Arteta may have figured they want broad and slapsticky. I'm not sure small children can't appreciate gentler whimsy, but if this was his choice the movie sticks to it admirably
The expansion has the unintended and unfortunate effect of doing exactly the same thing to Alexander he accused his family of doing in the first place: marginalizing him.
Alexander's very bad day is a very bland adaptation, with a charming cast trying their hardest to liven up predictable, inoffensive material.
This is a highly entertaining family comedy, with the commendably short runtime ensuring it doesn't wear out its welcome.
Contains a lot of slapstick and a kangaroo.
These characters should have to suffer twice as many embarrassments if they want to earn all those adjectives in the title.
It's a fine example of the kind of "kid-centric" live-action entertainment that has become an endangered species as the industry has focused on "for all ages" PG-13 fantasy spectaculars.
For family entertainment, you could do a lot worse.
It's Arteta's ease with generating that slight sense of social awkwardness that makes "Alexander" a cut above the usual live-action family comedy.
It all goes down with a spoonful of sugar and a cheerystring of studio tie-ins - it's PG-rated sadism with a smile.
Alexander and the Terrible, Horrible, No Good, Very Bad Day could have been a lot more horrible and no good than it is.

@highlight

Affably pleasant without ever trying to be anything more, Alexander and the Terrible, Horrible, No Good, Very Bad Day is a fine -- albeit forgettable -- family diversion.