...a sort of Yentl in Taliban-controlled Afghanistan, is evocative and was a little-discussed gem
The end result... does not manage to have the impact it should. [Full review in Spanish]
A fantastical myth, woven through the propulsive main story, serves as a distraction to the characters in their most distressed moments. Story as lesson. Story as history. Also, story as entertainment. Story as escape.
A beautiful and darkly lyrical film
There's no reason, though, why it shouldn't win sincere young fans. It quickly inspires affection for its heroine, and the simple but painstaking animation is attractive.
In giving this children's film a grown-up storyline, Cartoon Saloon is coming of age in an assertive and fascinating way.
While it highlights difficulties it also celebrates the power of children, girls, ingenuity and quiet strength. And stories. Not for very young kids, older children and adults will enjoy and appreciate it.
Along with the eerie beauty of the animation there is a salving streak of humour that softens this tale's sharper edges, reminding us that - for children - laughter and bravery walk hand in hand.
Beautiful and startling, bursting with both brutality and hope, this animated adventure is too intense for young children, but the brains and bravery of its young heroine will inspire older kids and adults alike.
This beautiful and continually surprising film makes us think about what children can and can't bear.
Cartoon Saloon has already received two Oscar nominations for The Secret Of Kells and Song Of The Sea and this gritty animation about life under the Taliban deserves to make it a hat-trick.
This is a day-to-day survival story that stirs the heart and fires the imagination.
It is thoughtful, wonderfully made and tells a story we all need to hear, whether we like it or not.
The beautiful animation feels graceful and lived-in, never depicting an "other". The absence of any American characters speaks to commitment in showing the Afghan perspective...
Not the most obvious subjects for a family animation, but The Breadwinner tackles them all with devastating economy.
The Breadwinner is thrillingly alive with the delicacy, artistry and wit of human touch.
A fiery takedown of fundamentalism, bigotry and oppression of all stripes.
There's a calmness and clarity to this engaging animation...
Against the odds, the tone here is optimistic about human nature. The film even manages to be uplifting, a small miracle given the darkness of its themes.
The story-within-a-story device doesn't work, but it's still the most thoughtful, sensitively realised, beautifully drawn and affecting animation about children in wartime since Grave Of The Fireflies.
The Breadwinner has all of the right ingredients to be examined in depth by schools in Ireland, and hopefully, one day, by every child around the world.
You can't tell a tale of fanaticism's evil without violence; so violence there is. And pain; and grief; and sharp-clawed deprivation.
A rare animated film without a shred of sentimentality but bucket-loads of heart and soul.
The kind of earthy, intense story that would be too harrowing in live-action but, sensitively conveyed through this eye-catching animation, it becomes riveting and essential.
Unlike the dismal box office hit The Boss Baby, here's a toon flick that fully deserved its Oscar nomination for Best Animated Feature.
Not the best animated film of 2017, but lyrical enough to warrant its nomination
Some characters' stories end happily, many sadly, some we don't know yet. All of them are beautifully told.
Harkening from Cartoon Saloon's earlier pursuits, Breadwinner continues the classic motif about the connective powers of storytelling.
In particular, the film celebrates the stories we tell ourselves and each other - the stories that educate, encourage and inspire.
Children must grow up fast under such circumstances, and The Breadwinner derives its lasting sense of tragedy from its consideration of how they've been stripped of their childhood. There's a sad undercurrent to Parvana's fairy tale.
The biggest criticism of The Breadwinner for me is not one of the film itself, which is undoubtedly a triumph of storytelling, but simply that I'm not sure exactly who it intends to tell the story to.
These excursions are exhilarating for their freedom, but also fraught with danger.
Parvana copes by telling fables of wild animals and quests-these sections are dense and vivid, paper cutouts on layered backgrounds, providing cathartic levity in a very serious movie.
A dance between exhilarating escapades and unthinkable brutality, which though largely confined to offscreen spaces nonetheless lurks over the movie like a dark cloud.
A major achievement for Twomey and her Kilkenny collaborators at Cartoon Saloon, The Breadwinner is worthy of a wide viewing audience.
A late injection of bitter poignancy, relating to how our heroine's elder brother died years previously, lends even greater emotional heft to a film that is perfectly constructed, composed and ultimately a cathartic lesson in love conquering hate.
An animated feature about a young girl who defies the Taliban in Afghanistan through her courage and storytelling.
The movie throbs with a confidence that is as alarming as it is heart-wrenching.
The captivating aesthetic, heroic protagonist, moments of levity and weighty themes aid in drawing in youngsters and teaching them about the hardships faced by their peers on the other side of the world.
...unfolds with an animated artistry that is nothing short of majestic.
The key is that The Breadwinner finds hope, even in this violent place. The climax's descent into chaos is certainly not a fairy-tale ending, but it puts forth a message that courageous acts, even by a child, can make a difference.
The film is a perfect representation of what an animated film can do-showing life from a different visual perspective.
The story could be tighter, but the heroine is as intrepid as any Disney princess, and the animation is gorgeous...
Nora Twomey's "The Breadwinner" is a creative and critical piece of animation.
[T]his is a deeply felt and unsparingly realistic depiction of Afghanistan at a time of tyrannical rule by religious fundamentalists.
The filmmakers know when to pull back and lighten the mood, and the hand-drawn animation is always lovely and expressive.
The Breadwinner is brilliant, genuinely courageous filmmaking, and it deserves to be celebrated. It should be taught in public schools.
Small but powerful, The Breadwinner qualifies as an adept telling of an important story.
Intelligent, humane and multi-layered, The Breadwinner is a much more substantial film than its central heroic narrative might suggest.
But most importantly, they provide a window to others' experiences. And that's the first step toward empathy.
Distressing as it is, the film draws you into the characters' lives.
The animation is expressive, as lush and detailed as tapestry. Harsh landscapes shimmer with beauty, even when littered with the bones of landmines and abandoned tanks.
With its poignant story, powerful characters and graceful animation, it deserves to be noticed far and wide.
The film is honest enough not to exaggerate the beneficial results of Parvana's courageous act.
On the heels of Ann Marie Fleming's joyful animated indie Window Horses comes Nora Twomey's thematically similar but far darker The Breadwinner.
American families deserve to see this excellent film.The Breadwinneris a visually striking feature with a relatable young heroine; it is as fresh and relevant as any movie of 2017
"The Breadwinner" is a magnificent film, one of the best animated efforts of 2017, remaining unforgettable in style and storytelling.
Parvana's eloquent eyes convey the tragedy of a land under siege, and the terrible fate which befalls each family member in turn is beautifully animated.
[A] gorgeous animated feature.
This is a grown-up story that can (and should) be seen by the young.
The Breadwinner is a well-crafted and inspiring story with an important message about female empowerment, embodied in heroic Parvana, something people of all ages should embrace.
The longer this kind of thing goes on the more I start wishing the Roadrunner and Wile E. Coyote would make an appearance.
"The Breadwinner" proves both eye-opening and insightful, vividly depicting how miserable life can be in a country where a woman has little or no worth.
Like so many great children's movies, The Breadwinner, a rich and rewarding animated film set in Taliban-controlled Kabul, starts with the loss of a parent.
Like the film itself, Parvana is more than up to the task of shouldering an outsized burden.
Visually captivating even when it's narratively uneven, the animated film "The Breadwinner" tells the story of a brave girl living in Afghanistan under the Taliban in the lead-up to the 2001 U.S. invasion.
One can only salute the filmmakers' ambition and seriousness of purpose, but it's hard to see who "The Breadwinner" audience is.
The animation for The Breadwinner is exquisite, the music finely composed and performed, and the story worth telling in a world where millions of girls still do not have access to education.
What's lovely about the story, too, is how feminine it is, and the characters that we're rooting for, whose perspectives we're following are all women and girls, each of whom are nuanced, complicated characters.
Parvana creates art and energy in the stories she tells Zaki, inspiring and distracting him as the movie takes on another set of possibilities, in community, history, and incredible beauty.
[The Breadwinner] is a harrowing-and spellbinding-exploration of life under Taliban rule.
A substantial, morally complex, excitingly sophisticated narrative for a kids' film.
a well-crafted animation whose main character is a budding young woman who will not let anything, not even the Taliban threat of death, from uniting her family.
This beautiful and powerful Afghan-themed story of survival and one little girl's determination is surely the best animated feature of 2017.
Powerful, intense animated tale of life under Taliban rule.
Tough stuff that feature cartoons should tackle more often but rarely do, presented here with grace and steel.
While the film may suffer when it comes to the details, it does have a certain undeniable power in its broad strokes.
A parable about the unthinking misogyny women suffer everywhere. THE BREADWINNER is a shaken fist in a time of righteous wrath.
In its power and its beauty, "The Breadwinner' reminds us that animation can be every bit as much of a medium for adults as it is for children.
Harsh disappointments befall the characters, and they are depicted frankly, but in a way that encourages young viewers to form an affinity with the characters rather than cringe at terror.
Cross-dressing in the story is merely a tool for survival, but such border-crossing is inevitably rife with unintended consequences beyond narrative ones.
It directly confronts the misogyny and chauvinism of contemporary Afghanistan, while powerfully suggesting that storytelling is both a means of coping and a solution for change.
Jewel-bright and heart-wrenching.
Finally this desert fable is another necessary reminder that animation is a medium rather than a genre. It's capable of generating myriad kinds of wonder and has the ability to tell any kind of story.
The film's strongest appeal is for readers of the series and animation fans.
The Breadwinner offers no respect or agency to real women; it's almost as if Twomey et al were consciously trying to set feminist postcolonial theory back by 20 years.
The Breadwinner is a glorious demonstration of the power of myth to deal with brutal reality, and the power of truth to animate myth.
There's room for humour, too, especially within the magical stories Parvana narrates, a complementary storyline rendered with breathtaking imagery and packing an emotional gut punch.
The Breadwinner thus becomes an empowering story of heroism under duress.
The picture sings and inspires.

@highlight

The Breadwinner 's stunning visuals are matched by a story that dares to confront sobering real-life issues with uncommon -- and richly rewarding -- honesty.