...a perfectly watchable (yet far-from-memorable) romantic comedy/coming-of-age story.
Pure feel-good romantic nostalgia, whether you lived in 1980's London or not.
A sweet, funny nostalgia trip back to the '80s for the anglophile in all of us.
Sharp jokes and heady nostalgia ensure it will at least please a wide audience.
James McAvoy delivers a star turn as Brian, a kid from the country obsessed with becoming smart.
Conventional, slight, but charming.
There is an utter lack of visual energy at every turn, like every single take in the final cut was the last shot on that day of shooting.
There's nothing here we haven't seen done better before.
McAvoy carries the picture confidently enough as a leading man, and there is a nice performance from Benedict Cumberbatch.
A modest and very British movie.
This is expertly crafted entertainment that follows all the beats of a traditional romantic comedy, but it's done with such sincerity that it's difficult to begrudge the odd descent into cliché.
It's a well-written, well-acted, witty and cute coming-of-age story with a superb soundtrack that includes the Cure, Wham!, the Smiths, New Order, Tears For Fears, and Echo and the Bunnymen.
[The film] bears many of the hallmarks of teen comedies, but also boasts virtues not generally associated with the genre, such as wit, class consciousness, multidimensional characters, and a penetrating intelligence.
Has a strong story and engaging characters, even if it never really says anything terribly deep or meaningful.
Enjoyably fluffy romantic comedy with a witty script, an 80s-tastic soundtrack and a superb comic performance from James McAvoy.
Starter For Ten comfortably makes the grade for rib-tickling entertainment.
A film whose own wisdom about the world seems principally derived from innumerable coming-of-age tales.
This is a true winner, and the smartest comedy you will see this year.
This amiable British romantic comedy further confirms the gifts of star James McAvoy.
Starter for 10 brings a fresh approach to an old formula and the result is a romantic comedy that hits all the right buttons.
enjoyable if lightweight entertainment
Nicholls and director Tom Vaughan eventually flesh out all the potential stereotypes into full-fledged characters,
Some nice performances and modest laughs highlight this amiable British comedy about a young man who goes off to Bristol University in the mid-'80s and does what young people naturally do when they go to college.
Written by David Nicholls, adapting his own novel, and directed by Tom Vaughan, a British TV veteran making his feature debut, Starter for 10 clips along smartly.
Starter for 10 has a light touch and keeps sentiment mostly at bay.
Though this cheery romantic comedy from England may be a bit familiar and predictable, the fresh-faced cast makes it appealing.
A modest, almost negligible British comedy.
Starter for 10 is, in some sense, the same old coming-of-age story, but this telling is particularly witty and warm.
Never surprising but always agreeable, Tom Vaughan's Starter for 10 bops along like a hummable tune.
Starter for 10 lives happily at the intersection of Nick Hornby's novels and John Hughes' '80s-era coming-of-age movies.
It's a familiar cookie of laughs and romantic winces, crafted here with a fragrant Hughesian flair that saves the picture from cliché.
The movie's enjoyable but almost wholly canned, coasting on the pleasure of its post-punk soundtrack and the novelty of the quiz-show scenes.
Starter has a mature sensibility and ... [director] Vaughan is able to refrain from obvious characterizations.
The kind of gentle, good-spirited film that could only come from some place far from Sunset Boulevard. Britain will do quite nicely.
Starter for Ten is McAvoy's movie all the way, although he gets splendid support from several fresh faces.
There is a depth and a poignancy to the story that's wonderfully touching, an appeal to it all crossing gender lines and oceanic barriers as simply as a wisp of pollen blowing on the wind.
Despite a very familiar premise and the shameless pandering towards the baby boomers still enamoured with post-punk '80s music that overwhelms the soundtrack, Tom Vaughan's "Starter for Ten" has its moments of sweetness and endearment.
Starter for 10 doesn't really cover new ground but is a showcase for its good looking leads.
The joy is in watching a talented cast make something crisp and fresh out of material that -- though perfectly adequate and enjoyable -- trespasses little into territory that's new or out of the traditionally plotted points of the genre.
James McAvoy may be the most likable British newcomer since Ewan McGregor; his glistening eyes can seduce audiences with their ability to show conflicting emotions.
Starter for 10 is cute and smart, just like its star triangle, and it's also well-written, acted and directed.
There's nothing particularly insightful or brilliant about the film, but its charm and good humor take it a long way.
I liked the actors and the tone, I loved the music here, but throughout the film I had a feeling of cinematic déjà vu.
Nicholls's story attains a mangy kind of charm...McAvoy's got a sneaky appeal, a bad boy wannabe dressed in lamb's clothing, and romantic comedy is a natural fit.
A genteel British version of "Animal House".
Familiar enough to be instantly comfortable with and entertaining enough to be over with before you'd like to leave these characters.
If you grew up in the British Isles at that time, you'll totally get it. But even if you didn't, it'll probably ring truer than the comic college hijinks you're used to seeing on the screen.
Starter for Ten, an amiable, nostalgic British comedy from the director Tom Vaughan, tackles a lofty subject -- the allure of knowledge -- with down-to-earth charm.
While at times overly familiar, the film never feels self-mocking; Vaughn goes easy on the leg warmers and shoulder pads, using his soundtrack to evoke a time when relationships were best expressed through analogue artifacts known as 'mixed tapes.'
Don't mind the featherweight plot. A cheeky comedy with sex and smarts earns a passing grade.
Explores dark themes without taking itself too seriously, offering wit to offset the angst.
Shifting the self-deprecating japery of High Fidelity from a record store to a quiz show makes Starter for 10 a sweetly endearing date movie.
Starter for Ten follows the formula from one unsurprising and unrealistic anecdote to another.
The bland but likable enough coming-of-age trifle Starter for 10 comes made by and for people whose feet tap involuntarily the second they hear the big beat of the Psychedelic Furs' 'Love My Way.'
Terrific fun. A funny, romantic, seriously smart comedy. Do yourself a favor and put this at the top of your must-see list.
Here's proof that it's possible to make crowd-pleasing, eminently commercial films that aren't pandering or obnoxiously pushy.
Lying beneath all of these colloquialisms is an amicable 1980s coming-of-age romp.
Unusual coming-of-age comedy which manages to locate the occasional bit of funny amidst all the lesson-learning and overcoming of adversity.
A surprisingly agile and delightfully warm romantic comedy, set in the 1980s, with a not-so-hot-for-export title.
The writing is nimble, the performances engaging and the story of a working-class boy who yearns to distinguish himself by acquiring knowledge is witty and intelligent.
It's a good thing the performances are subtle, since little else about Starter for 10 is. Director Tom Vaughan has a particularly leaden hand with music cues.
A modestly enjoyable comedy set in the 1980s about a working-class student from Essex who goes to Bristol University and scrambles to get on the team for the British television quiz show University Challenge.
It's all fairly predictable material, although McAvoy and his costars invest the movie with dynamic performances that manage to keep the story's characters just this side of stereotype and mediocrity.
The notion that knowledge isn't always wisdom isn't exactly novel, but Starter for 10's gentle, humane assertion of this idea makes it seem fresh, even amidst 20-year-old fashions and rock music.
Goes down easy, thanks in large part to the smorgasbord of fresh-faced talent from across the pond and a steady infusion of The Cure, Wham! and Tears for Fears on the soundtrack.
There's a tidiness and affection to this British homage to John Hughes movies and the youthful error of first going for the wrong, hurtful girl instead of the right, patient one.
For as lighthearted as Starter For 10 seems on the outside, there is plenty of subtle interpretation about how radically social freedoms have changed since the '80s.
Feels like such a throwback to the '80s that it's hard to believe it wasn't brought forth in a time machine created by Doc Brown.
The spirit of the music -- above all -- really does hold this movie together.
Starter for 10 is a mildly enjoyable romantic comedy that stays within the safe bounds of the genre's formula.
Quiz show aptly shows that wisdom is preferably to knowledge.
[McAvoy] carries lightly what could have been a cliché-ridden clunker and helps create an utterly winning romantic comedy.
McAvoy again combines his animated vitality with an intuitive understanding of what's needed to make a story work even when it's not all there on paper.
Starter for Ten benefits from an inviting story, but it's McAvoy's lively performance that lends the movie its engaging buoyancy.
It is uniformly well acted, but the cast deserves better than this prepackaged, artificially preserved concoction.
If there are life lessons here, they're harsh ones -- although they're taught with a gentle, forgiving spirit.
Social commentary elevates this light coming-of-age drama about a young British boy's university days.
Even though it doesn't have an original bone in its body, it's got that dorky goodness you want from a movie about people in their late teens.

@highlight

Starter For 10 is a spirited coming-of-age tale that remains charming and witty even as it veers into darker teritory. The unique setting of a quiz show makes the film wittier than your average romantic comedy.