The ethereal private moments and inspired passages are beautifully shot by Jean-Marie Dreujou, but Dai never quite organizes the material dramatically, and the tone is too often jagged and disruptive.
A dullish though quite watchable lyrical coming-of-age love triangle drama set in the 1970s during the Chinese Cultural Revolution.
Anyone expecting something either insightful or unusual will be disappointed.
will appeal primarily to literary and artistic mentalities
The film is episodic, and most of the scenes are evocative and charming.
Seamstress doesn't inspire the same kind of fervent devotion its principals feel when confronted with art, but it does make a pleasant enough diversion.
A number of memorable set pieces illuminate the world around this subdued romantic triangle.
Skillfully done...but the broader historical context may make one just a tad queasy reveling in its visual and emotional excesses.
[A] tribute to the transforming power of books.
Beautifully photographed, Balzac is a sometimes edgy journey that lands gently, but effectively on the mind.
A nifty little film about the powers of culture and the humanities.
[A] big, beautifully photographed and somewhat mushy film.
[A] charmer.
The three main characters make a fabulous threesome - they settle into a very comfortable arrangement even though you can feel the sexual tension just under the surface.
The movie may lose some of its bite when translated from page to screen, but it still delivers a valid message. When one of the boys starts reading good literature, life takes on new meaning.
Offers its share of little pleasures, but falls short of the greatness to which it aspires.
A funny, sad and absolutely lovely film.
The real star here is the Chinese landscape, which is lush and inviting. Cinematographer Jean-Marie Dreujou and his crews have done a good job of capturing its beauty.
Sometimes the movie is a bit too gentle, moving at an energy-sapping pace, but one must respect Dai's ability to put criticism of Maoist doctrine onscreen at all.
Balzac and the Little Chinese Seamstress won't blow you away with its originality, but I doubt if this sort of movie has ever been as pretty and delicate.
Balzac acts as a fond love letter to literature, but it detracts from those intentions by also being a narcissistic love letter to itself.
... an unusual angle on the era, and a passionate paean to the power of books, ideas and art.
Dai's episodic treatment has the force of memory, equally embracing the beautiful, the bittersweet and the absurd.
Manages big magic with a few simple elements.
A fine, gentle film love story and a cinematic tribute to the power and manifold benefits of communications between different cultures and nations.
The elements in the story push all the right buttons, but the buttons don't seem to be wired to anything.
It's a lovely little movie about very big things, and the smallness both illuminates it and keeps it from greatness.
Sweet, funny, sad and profound -- the sort of film that becomes more remarkable when you realize it's based on someone's real life.
Dai is good with actors and can't go wrong visually in such a natural, beautiful setting.
pleasing to the eye but not to the heart or the soul
The transformation of the Little Seamstress is ambiguous and bittersweet and leaves you with the feeling that, like a character out of Balzac, her story will be one of loss of innocence.
Balzac and the Little Chinese Seamstress is by turns merry, tough-minded and sweetly nostalgic.
Dai Sijie has created a dreamy memory of hardship -- part familiar Chinese parable, part familiar French romance.
An awakening to literature and hormonal hunger.
A touching, often lyrical tale that shows the long-enduring power of great literature on impressionable teenagers during political crises such as China's Cultural Revolution
Visually, Balzac is a jewel of a movie, with panoramic vistas of the lake on the mountain, framed in mist, where the villagers, in a haunting nighttime ceremony, float candlelit paper boats bearing the names of their dearly departed.
If the movie is straightforward and predictable in its attitude, it also exudes a sort of documentary lyricism.
Who says you can't make it with anyone by carrying pictures of Chairman Mao?
Choppy and episodic, Sijie's film is further dragged down by a disconcerting, third-act flashfoward that saps the film of whatever momentum it managed to build.
It's a fanciful tale, but the message is sweet -- that the higher arts speak a universal language that transcends politics and ignorance.
A meditation on literature, love and remembrance that is able to find humor and hope in the dark days of the Cultural Revolution. Quite an achievement, we'd say.
Dai Sijie's tender, touching adaptation of his own novel of the same title.
The story is winning but the telling, with Dai adapting and directing from his own novel, is too sentimental in the long run.
Its well-earned humanistic frissons should serve as a wake-up call for the great majority of American movies, with their inexhaustible supply of smugness and complacency.
Gracefully captures the purity of innocence in the midst of no-matter-what.
Storytelling at its most poetically cinematic.
Though the film lacks some of the paper incarnation's subtlety, Dai's infidelity to his own text keeps things interesting.
There's something mildly seductive about its linking of passion with the wild, untamable jungle that envelops its characters.
A light-hearted, playful love story set in China with a tribute to the soul-stirring powers of French literature.
Balzac and the Little Chinese Seamstress skirts around insightful human drama and political criticism, weaving a pretty but threadbare tapestry.
A beautiful paean to a time long past.
A delightful fable about the enduring value of literature.
A transporting story about storytelling.
It's a bittersweet and lyrical mix of elements.
Beautifully shot, delicately scored and powered by a set of heartfelt performances, it's a lyrical endeavour.
Adapting his own autobiographical novel, director Dai Sijie's intimacy with his subject allows for a remarkably assured mise-en-scene.
A poignant lyricism runs through Balzac and the Little Chinese Seamstress that transforms this story about love and culture into a cinematic poem.






@highlight

This delicately told fable about the power of literature is a lyrical delight.