The film is as disturbing as it is amusing, reveling in the hypocrisy of its hopelessly dysfunctional world.
Probably the darkest high school film since Heathers, which is no bad thing.
Solid performances make it work, even if the film seems slightly undernourished.
a dark teen comedy that tries way too hard to be a dark teen comedy
The very dark comedy is about the crossing point of righteousness and exploitation.
The movie -- a variation on the standard teen comedy -- is quirky and funny, but ever so dark.
“Pretty Persuasion” is a formidable effort that shows how powerful, rich, pretty young girls might get their way if they just stop feeling and just start thinking.
An often-funny movie that has two dumb ideas for every good one.
Good writing aside, this screenplay contained the elements of two different films. One of them might have been quite persuasive.
Muckrakes in such a convoluted, bizarre way that it threatens to become what it seems to be satirizing: A racist, homophobic, mean-spirited tract.
Extremely well written in the fearless way of a smarty pants on a roll in the university cafeteria.
Matches the glossy, calculated kinkiness of a pay-cable television series to a story that unfolds like a Young Adult author's stab at a Bret Easton Ellis novel.
Scathing and hilarious social satire.
A work sufficiently slick and accomplished that you derive a level of pleasure, despite your better instincts.
performances are so unreal and lifeless that I kept expecting to see mechanical parts start dangling out of the people's heads.
A lack of real satirical bite is incongruously accompanied by a smug sense of self-importance in this shrill but toothless movie.
Wood's fine work is undermined by the movie it's trapped in, which feels like a rough draft of itself: Skander Halim's screenplay is unnecessarily twisty and gimmicky, and some of the teenspeak dialogue falls flat, already out of date.
The screenplay by Skander Halim falters. It's too convoluted and cloudy to have the intended effect.
Self-conscious, overdone, shallow, and just not up to the level of its star.
Kimberly warns that 'every war has its casualties' - you pick a fight with her and you're gonna be on that 'notify my next of kin' list... wickedly funny.
(Marcus) Siega plays racism, class disdain, ignorance and self-absorption for glib laughs in his equally glib satire...
Pretty much just a geek show with a tacked-on, bed-wetting moral.
Leaves no gender, race, class or religion untouched in its scabrous effort to show how cruel humans can be. But it also leaves viewers with no one at all to like, or believe.
The movie shifts tones as abruptly as a teenager's mood swings.
Wood's not an interesting psycho-just numb, mumbling, and dull. Pretty unpersuasive.
Reminds me of a half-hour TV series that has a great pilot episode, then falls apart in subsequent installments.
It's so smug about it and pleased with itself.
Most of the problem behind this misshapen lump of a movie is that Siega comes from a long line of music-video and TV directors who can't... sustain a feature film.
Pretty Persuasion thinks it's smarter than everyone in the audience. It's not.
Pretty Persuasion considers itself snarky black comedy, one of those self-consciously 'outrageous' artifacts that means to shock even as it amuses.
Partly a character study, partly a monster movie (with the girl as the monster) and partly a satire of American values in the modern age, the film is also, alas, only partly successful.
Pretty Persuasion is a nasty piece of work. Yet it offers some unvarnished and amusing thoughts about American contradictions.
Nothing is less shocking than a movie that's constantly trying to shock....more bite than bark, but it's all dog.
Puerile social satire, stinging only insomuch as its unsophisticated wit and overwhelming smugness are painful to sit through.
Unlike Heathers and Election -- both brilliant satires because they exaggerate reality, magnify and darken the truth -- Pretty Persuasion is not funny because it's not true.
Populated by characters that are either over-the-top cartoonish or drawn with all the depth of stick figures, there is only one reason to watch this latest entry in the high-school-as-Dante's-ring genre -- Evan Rachel Wood.
The material in Pretty Persuasion needed to be handled as heavy drama, or played completely for comedy, and by trying to have it both ways, the movie has it neither way.
Wood does flip cynicism with such precise, easy rhythms and with such obvious pleasure in naughtiness that she's impossible to hate.
This black comedy's mean-spiritedness comes in one size that fits all.
This thing is a racist cartoon version of American society in which all women are evil lesbians who enjoy destroying seemingly innocent people, who are probably guilty anyway.
It's both the joy and folly of Pretty Persuasion that it attempts to skewer Beverly Hills, underage schoolgirls, post-9/11 America, TV news media sensationalism and more.
Sad to say, but satires about mean teen girls have gotten predictable. Stale.
Pretty Persuasion is just smart enough for scattershot humor, but not perceptive or deep enough to be meaningful.
In spite of its darkness and 'edge,' it wants us too really, really like it. Sorry. As pretty and non-persuasive as you are, we really, really don't.
An astoundingly articulate, utterly unforgiving black comedy about a teenage Satan doll who causes massive havoc in the lives of many dreadful, deserving adults.
Most of Halim's script is a laundry list of offensive remarks that he no doubt means to serve as titillating spoof, but none of it's funny or even the least bit provocative, just offensive.
Marcos Siega is trying to make a dark comedy on par with American Beauty and Heathers, but it comes off as too silly and light to be taken seriously.
Pretty Persuasion is so exploitative and misogynistic that its last-minute dramatic turns and pleas for tolerance and understanding come off as manipulative as its heroine.
Pretty Persuasion sets out to be a social critique but settles for smug disdain.
A deliciously viscous look at the evil that is the teenage girl.
"Mean Girls" meet "The Crucible." ...a devastating portrait of a sociopathic teenager with a tour de force by Evan Rachel Wood.
Has a streak of originality a mile long and about an inch deep.
not just another black comedy about a manipulative high school *****
Too flip to be serious and too smug to be rousing.
Any satire worth its salt should not be afraid to offend, and Pretty Persuasion flings mud in all directions with a fearless audacity.
Skander Halim's script and Siega's direction often clash with their own very dark plot.
This is a very funny film about a creepy, excruciatingly lonely world.
The movie wants so badly to be mentioned in the same breath as Heathers or Election that it's not even funny. Really, I mean it, this charred-black comedy is not even funny.
A hand grenade lobbed at no place in particular.
Basically a re-hash of all the teen angst flicks we've seen that involve anything dark, twisted, or weird in any way.
Everything reminds you of some other movie.
You'll laugh out loud at the dialogue, until you start to feel dirty for doing so.
Casts the cruel shenanigans at an upscale 90210 school as a metaphor for virtually everything in contemporary American life.
The audacious, decidedly un-P.C. film lashes out in all directions, with considerable cynicism and double the wit.
A cleverly-constructed parable of America's obsession with celebrity.
An exercise in bad taste that takes itself just seriously enough to be offensive.
Smug, rude and ultimately lost.
What Pretty Persuasion seems to want most of all is to be outrageous,
Unfortunately, the story of seductive and manipulated high school students tries to be a little too dark for its own good, focusing on its characters' evil qualities and ignoring any trace of humanity.
Too broadly played to achieve its dark satirical aspirations and too downright silly to pass for a serious commentary on contemporary society.
Tough and cynical, Pretty Persuasion is a semi-engaging genre film with a twist, a variation of the female high-school satire.
A shocking glass of ice-water to the face of complacency, a giddily gross and intentionally shocking wake-up call to America's youth...or, more likely, to their parents.






@highlight

Pretty Persuasion aims for high satire but falls short of poignancy by depending on too much black humor, with too little redeeming humanity to provide balance.