Like Father, Like Son explores the meaning of parenthood in a most unique way, taking a deeply thoughtful approach to a hypothetical and following its unknown paths in an organic manner.
Always gentle, always composed, the films of Hirokazu Kore-eda also register quiet devastation, often within the family. The stirring -- the earthquake, even -- usually happens beneath the surface of calm.
[Hirokazu Kore-eda] uses an attractive and talented cast to find a fresh take on a subject that has been mined by television movies and series ad infinitum.
Completely realistic because it is in keeping with the reserved temperament of the culture.
Powerful Japanese film about children switched at birth who challenge the love and hope of their rediscovered parents six years later. Beautiful and heartbreaking, from the masterful Hirokazu Koreeda.
Japanese director Hirokazu Koreeda delivers a quiet, beautifully modulated, touching drama.
There are times when the script seems just too schematic - as if Kore-eda has decided that we should all sit still while he lays out the nature versus nurture debate. Then the small truths which enrich each scene take over.
Cultures collide oh so gently in Hirokazu Kore-eda's Like Father Like Son, a Japanese drama that examines its cavernous, local class divide thoughtfully and tenderly, much like Iran's A Separation before it.
The performances seem to me impeccable. Kore-eda is one of a host of Japanese filmmakers who never cease to enchant me.
Kore-eda uses a contrivance to explore real issues
Navigates the emotional minefield with subtle, unhurried direction, weighing up both sides of the equation without casting judgement or providing clear-cut answers.
This is a profound and remarkable work, and like Still Walking, it reasserts Koreeda's place among the ranks of the world's greatest living directors.
The film's climax, built around the layout of a particular Tokyo location, resolves this motif in a simple, elegant and wholly satisfying way.
It's a set-up that's the stuff of sensationalist headlines, but under Kore-eda's measured watch, it becomes a tender, thoughtful and moving look at the complex bonds that underpin families
Sensitively performed and directed, Like Father, Like Son is a series of acutely observed insights into its themes and its social setting, as well as a close study of human nature faced with some complex issues
A heartfelt drama in which bloodlines and nurturing come head to head when two babies are switched at birth
A heartfelt charmer from Director Kore-eda overcomes its contrived plot point
A film of great nuance and substance that sucks you into its story without apparent effort.
Fukuyama succeeds at being unlikable but highly believable as an entitled jerk, but it's really the kids who give the movie its emotional edge because they could care less about genetics.
If you've seen any of Koreeda's previous films, and especially the wrenching children-alone saga Nobody Knows, it won't surprise you to learn that the observation of children in Like Father, Like Son is unfailingly acute ...
[Kore-eda] seems content to rely on winning performances (especially from the kids) as the core of a pleasant but forgettable tale.
Koreeda's film never feels gimmicky; he uses the situation to examine both nature and nurture while dealing with ties that simply can't be broken. "Like Father, Like Son" ponders the meaning of family.
What the film does provide, however, is an up-close view of two families struggling with this conflict -- a no-win situation that's indelibly inscribed.
The performances and subtle directing in the latter part of the film make Like Father, Like Son a thoughtful, graceful meditation on fatherhood.
Writer and director Hirokazu Koreeda does not pretend that there are easy answers in his film, which at times plays almost like a fable. But the emotions and heartbreak are always grounded in reality.
Gem of a Family Drama
For fans of the "nature versus nurture" debate, it's like walking into a candy store.
If you've seen Hirokazu Koreeda's films - Nobody Knows, Still Life, I Wish - then just the announcement that a new one, Like Father, Like Son, has arrived is all you need to know.
A moving drama about parenthood from Japanese filmmaker Hirokazu Kore-eda.
A deeply affecting Japanese family tale from Hirokazu Kore-eda, renowned for his films about parents, children, blood bonds and loss.
A bittersweet musing about the nature of parenthood and about the conflict between nature and nurture, it is as banal and insightful as its title.
In general, the speed and stoicism with which Keita and Ryusei adjust to the familial maneuvering is, quite frankly, weird.
[Kore-eda] pokes some fun at class differences, but his overall aim is serious - we get a powerful sense of how unsettling it would be to live through such a wrenching event. Remarkably, he conveys this with charm and restraint.
A thoroughly satisfying effort that always finds the truth of the moment, ignoring the ease of melodrama.
If, like me, you find that the decision to be made here has an obvious solution, [it] takes it time arriving at it. But it is the way in which Ryota comes to understand the way fathers shape their sons that makes "Like Father, Like Son" worthwhile.
It's well-acted and quietly powerful without settling for easy solutions to its unique dilemma.
[A] moving drama, one of the best to date from Japanese writer-director Hirokazu Kore-eda.
Like Father, Like Son is always wise about the quandary faced by the two fathers and the two mothers.
The movie is so predictable that it might have played better as a domestic comedy about an odd couple of dads.
Wry, funny and wise, like most of the work of Japanese director Hirokazu Koreeda.
...a quiet movie, but one built on primal fears.
As is often the case with Kore-eda's films, [the] larger theme emerges gradually, and mostly via low-key, slice-of-life scenes that initially seem too aimless, but make more sense once it's clearer where Like Father, Like Son is going.
Examinations of nature vs. nurture don't get much more quietly thrilling.
What stays with you ... is the unlikely shadow of loss, not least in the hearts of the boys' mothers: how can a loving child, even the "wrong" one, be let go?
Follows [a] pattern fairly predictably at first, then transcends it with tenderness, humor and exquisite depth of feeling.
Its children-switched-at-birth story sounds schematic, but what we see on screen is both meaningful and deeply moving.
The questions posed by Like Father, Like Son are universal in nature and the manner in which Kore-eda addresses them makes for superior drama.
A genuinely poignant, compelling and well-acted family drama.
At times like this, Like Father, Like Son ascends to dizzying emotional heights.
Little Keita Ninomiya plays Keita with such tenderness, while Fukuyama makes Ryota harsh at first, and fills in each step of the man's progress with precision.
Mr. Hirokazu again creates a pair of irresistible charmers whose lives are, with increasing emotional violence, upended ... by the very adults meant to take care of them.
[An] engaging if ultimately predictable film ...
Like Father, Like Son might seem too deliberate or challenging for mainstream viewers, but those willing to adjust to Kore-eda's approach will be rewarded by a movie that delves deeply into some of the central issues of our society.
While some of the class conflict is predictable, the movie wins out by treating everyone as individuals, not types, and maintaining a muted tone.
The élan vital of life and love wins out, but so blatant is the story that that outcome was not ever in doubt.
This film is too nuanced and understated for any Hollywood studio to get right. See this version before someone makes an inferior copy that gets more attention.
Its banal questions and calculated answers turn out to be carefully laid tripwires for the thematic concerns of the film.
While not to be confused with the 1987 Dudley Moore body-swap comedy, Hirokazu Kore-eda's latest drama also undertakes its own kind of identity experiment, one that organically grows into something altogether more poignant
With his reliably controlled style, Koreeda's film explores issues of nature vs. nature with a subtle, humanistic touch.
By aiming the camera primarily at the parents Kore-eda can't seem to find the joy that he injected in "Nobody Knows", "Still Walking" and "After Life"... Adults, man, all they do is work and judge others. They're no fun.
An affecting film, thanks to Fukuyama's understated turn and Koreeda's typically graceful visual storytelling.
The result is a deceptively rich and rewarding drama, small of gesture, huge of heart.
Kore-eda captures the surreal, delicious mundanity of modern life. Alas, in the second half ... tension fades.
With his previous film I Wish, we knew that Japanese filmmaker Kore-eda was an expert at drawing engaging performances out of adorable young children.
A story with life and vibrancy becomes a story with a message, a mandate and too mathematical a design.
Brilliantly directed, powerfully emotional and sharply observed Japanese drama with a superb script and terrific performances from the entire cast.
The simple, tragicomic trails of fatherhood are captured with perfection in the latest from Japan's Hirokazu Koreeda.
Another quiet delight from Koreeda.
Kore-eda has crafted a piercing, tender poem about the bittersweet ebb and flow of paternal love, and his status as Ozu's heir becomes ever more assured.
Like Father, Like Son uses a well-worn plot device as a springboard to explore the meaning of family and fatherhood in an age and a society where guilty parents struggle to achieve a healthy life/work balance.
Switched-at-birth, Japanese style. An engaging look at class warfare viewed from far-away Mt. Fuji.
An appealing Japanese film about the slow and surprising transformation of a self-absorbed father and distant father.
...the filmmaker has infused the proceedings with a heartfelt atmosphere that's awfully difficult to resist...
The film scores all of its thematic points early, commenting intriguingly, if ultimately rather obviously, on the demands of Japanese patriarchy.
The children's performances are winning, but the director's dogmatic social scheme saps the dramatic tension in a film whose predictable message is: to be like a real father, you must connect with your son.
The story works wonderfully as an idea, but Kore-eda never quite manages to infuse it with the same depth of feeling his main character goes through.
Like Father Like Son plays out as a gentle, cautionary morality tale for our times, which might be its weakness.
Kore-eda's plots are simple and direct; one could almost say childlike. It's how the ending is achieved in emotional terms that matters.
Like Father, Like Son, his latest in a long line of unassuming family dramas, is one of his most heartbreaking works yet.
Kore-Eda, who has a brilliant record working with children with films such as Nobody Knows or I Wish, both of which had some of the most amazing child performances, does it again here.
Though it's packed with adorable tykes and more than a few strong scenes, even Kore-eda fans may feel a let-down with a lovely film that makes little emotional connection
As usual, the director retains his controlled style even as he moves toward a more traditional narrative mode.
Like Father, Like Son has the overall depth and tenor of a Lifetime movie.
Given its sensitivity in other areas, the film's conception of its own class divide is stunningly trite.
Like Father, Like Son... may be utterly conventional in some ways, but its surging emotional power eventually proves too overwhelming to deny.
How dismaying to see the man who made "Still Walking" rely on tear-jerking narrative arcs and trite clash-of-the-classes schtick.
[Kore-eda's] latest, for all its careful construction and sweet pockets of feeling, is his glibbest and most morally one-sided film to date.
Koreeda continues to excel with Like Father, Like Son in developing a thought-provoking and emotionally engaging film out of delicate observational drama.
This is a relentlessly quiet character study that is photographed with Zen remove and scored metronomically to Bach and Beethoven, each scene clipped to the barest essentials.
Evoking naturalistic performances from everyone involved, and with a welcome dose of humor, along with the requisite humanity he's known for, Kore-Eda Hirokazu's film is a touchingly low key, a wholly charming study of the evolution of parenthood.
It's built to be the austere version of a tear-jerking crowd-pleaser, and that's just what it is, though with a bizarre cross-cultural eccentricity at the center of it.
Hirokazu directs a difficult scenario with sensitivity, but also plenty of mirth, emotional warmth and dramatic aplomb.
This is a sweet-natured, but essentially undemanding film from Kore-eda.

@highlight

Sensitively written, smartly directed, and powerfully performed, Like Father, Like Son uses familiar-seeming elements to tell a thought-provoking story.