Inevitably, this is tricked out with Moore's all-too-familiar stunts... all of them subject to the (capitalist?) law of diminishing returns.
The value of "Capitalism, A Love Story" is not in the moviemaking, it's in the message, and the release that it gives to those struggling right now.
Moore evokes Pope Benedict XVI "Caritas in Veritate" and stresses the need that Judeo-Christian ethics, upon which his country was founded, must play a part in the recovery and stability of the financial sector.
A lot of the old Moore is still obvious in Capitalism, his genuine belief in everyone pulling together his feel for a good public stunt but he's lost a little something. The social zeal of his best work has been replaced with a hint of fanaticism.
Docu on corporate misdeeds names names, makes mistakes.
As with all of Moore's films, this is really about the fall of The American Dream, with Moore acting as our tour guide into the rotten core of his beloved country. And once again, his heart is in the right place. If only he could keep his ego out of it.
This isn't just about pointing fingers at those who have gotten us into this mess, but about mobilizing working people to stop waiting for someone else to fix it, to stop sitting idly by while their wages, pensions, health care, and homes are stolen.
[Michael Moore] is cheeky, he's outrageous and he can get awfully full of himself... but he does have a way of getting your blood up...
The constant quotations from the Founding Fathers suggest his real concern is a somewhat nebulous betrayal of the American Dream.
Moore continues his career as provocateur with this often eloquent, occasionally muddled, bill of particulars which indicts Wall Street's ethos of greed. As with most of Moore's documentaries, the film is strongest when he's behind the camera, rather than
While Moore still stacks the deck, there are enough scenes portraying callously inhuman policies, such as the death peasant insurance, to pacify the viewer for two overlong hours.
A barbed study of the American economy puts capitalism in the dock but somehow fails to convict.
The thesis that rapacious capitalism has horrific social consequences is credible and well illustrated, if hardly eye-opening to European viewers.
Republicans have long used these methods to influence the public with great success - all Moore does is play them at their own highly effective game.
For all his cheap tactics, Moore mounts a persuasive case that something is rotten in the current economic system.
Michael Moore has succeeded in getting a film on this subject actually released in cinemas: a very sharp and entertaining one at that.
Funny, angry and deadly accurate.
The most interesting aspect of Capitalism is a strain of melancholic nostalgia that runs through its latter segments
Still fighting the good fight for the working man, Capitalism is entertaining but conspicuously bankrupt of fresh ideas and insights. By now, Moore is starting to feel like less.
Moore comes up with enough of these startling moments to keep us watching, though he's certainly stronger on huff and puff than concrete solutions.
A troubling portrait of a country shaken by repossessions, exploitation and the rich sucking the life out of the poor.
The film is good fun. Perhaps we have seen it all before, but you could say that of a sunrise. Every sunrise is different and Moore's are usually worth getting out of bed for.
Moore is marvellously indignant and confrontational (he tries to make a citizen's arrest of the AIG board), and dramatises moments of rebellion and fight-back with relish. But there's something self-righteous and teenage-lefty about his rhetoric.
It may all feel a little obvious and heavy-handed in places but he makes a complex subject accessible and issues a call to arms that every hard-pressed homeowner will appreciate.
Moore deploys every weapon going, from real-life sob stories and sub-GCSE-level economics to an eye-opening anti-banker investigation, with hit-and-miss results.
The movie is archive-heavy and preachy, but it feels just right for the occasion.
A well made, convincingly argued documentary that's by turns informative, heart-breaking, shocking, funny, entertaining, utterly depressing and likely to induce tears of impotent rage.
It's the sort of film that everyone will end up seeing but no-one really cares when they see it. I could happily have waited for DVD.
...lets off the hook the greedy ****ers responsible for exploiting the lower classes, effectively tossing pebbles at its targets when it should be heaving boulders.
A typically uneven effort from documentarian Michael Moore...
Moore apparently can't make his mind which of two competing visions of America is the right one
Moore doesn't necessarily tell us anything new, but it's his gung-ho pursuit of accountability and compassion for working-class victims and crusaders that make his movies...worthwhile inquiries into how we live today
Moore makes the stories of injustice he's gathered the real meat of his film; and as he tells them, he shows a continued disillusionment at the depths the powerful are willing to go to against one's fellow man just for the sake of more wealth.
Capitalism: A Love Story is his [Moore's] most heated and searing film since Fahrenheit 9/11, but not necessarily his best.
Michael Moore does it again. He educates and entertains, even if the facts are skewed his way. A great film. Paul Chambers, CNN.
Mr. Moore's documentary fluctuates from lucid, cogent arguments, to cartoonish abstractions and conjectures--all the while, his lilting voice massaging our guilt reflex.
It's tragic, funny and informative, as Moore sets his sights on the banking industry ... .
in our brave new world of Glenn Beck-style paranoia, anger, and histrionics masquerading as political discourse, Moore's sarcastic mugging seems very nearly quaint
Moore is always visually playful and subversive, and even when dealing with such serious and depressing topics entertaining; but he's also game enough to examine America's mythology of prosperity.
As usual, Moore is a man who wants answers, which makes for a good documentary. It is a fascinating, albeit terribly lopsided, insight.
See Capitalism: A Love Story if you like to hear the sound of Michael Moore railing against 'the man', but if you're after a good documentary there's no love here for you.
Moore has long proved himself an excellent editor and comedian, but he always insists on preaching to the like-minded and, thus, can't string together a political film persuasive enough to make a real difference.
Capitalism : A Love Story marks a minor return to form for Moore, whose tactical agenda and questionable methods as a documentary filmmaker have dented his standing in recent years.
Insisting on simplifications -- poor equals virtuous, rich equals corrupt -- Moore invites distrust to all but the converted.
No easy answers here, but that's exactly the point; a big ideas film that hopes to rouse the audience into social change.
Capitalism: A Love Story is, like Moore's previous movies, manipulative and moving, funny and impassioned, uplifting and infuriating.
Michael Moore has made what may be his magnum opus.
Moore has the skill to make very complex material reasonably lucid, some would say simplistic; but it's when he gets silly that he falters.
There's nothing too subtle about Moore's filmmaking style, but he does get his points across in a straightforward, uncomplicated way.
There's both grit and entertainment value in the film, although if you have seen Moore's other films, you may, like me, feel as though you have seen it all before. It's long, too
Both thought-provoking and entertaining.
Effective when it exposes the immoral, even 'evil' excesses of an economic system that prizes profit above public welfare; less persuasive when it waxes nostalgic about the factory era of the mid-20th century...
Serving as an apogee of Michael Moore's decade-long thesis, "Capitalism" feels like it adds up to a sum greater than this part. If Moore's next decade is as fruitful as his last, America is doomed, but it's odd to see a lack of healthy skepticism.
Michael Moore may be a little rough and unkempt, but he's preaching a story we must all hear. This is no fairy tale.
One wonders if Capitalism won't look almost avant garde when seen decades removed from the Moore cult of personality.
This is entertaining, but because of all its folly and manipulation and misinformation it's a polemic that must be watched with hardy skepticism.
Yes, Capitalism is a well argued documentary, but let's not forget the fact that Moore...is capitalising on being critical of capitalism.
Still a noteworthy achievement, but it's hard to keep from being a bit disappointed that Moore hasn't used the seriousness of the times to craft an ever-so-slightly more balanced documentary.
Even if it's not the most cogent political docu-essay ever made, it's surely coming straight from the heart.
Maybe Moore should have used this platform to try to teach some fiscal responsibility rather than simply present an "off with their heads" argument.
Moore Sacrifices Narrative Thrust for Contemporary Relevance But Still Ends on a Strong Note.
Michael Moore is still angry.
The film works best when Moore allows his interviewees a chance to speak their mind without him cracking wise.
Moore's loudest, most heartfelt warning, against corporate greed that is ruining his -- and our -- country. It's also a stirring cry to action.
Beneath all the expected liberal, mad-as-hell indignation, the guy with the closet full of ill-fitting ball caps also happens to be persuasive as hell, crafting an entertaining and provocative call to arms.
Unfortunately, Moore's slapdash approach withers before the sprawling canvas, and his dot-like anecdotes rattle around.
As always, Moore's at his best when he gets the hell out of the way and lets average citizens have their say.
I can't help smiling at Moore's response to the question concerning what he hopes audiences will take away from this film "Popcorn and pitchforks."
Underscored by a growling cover of 'Louie, Louie,' assorted thugs in masks pillage assorted banks. A lovely irony, given that the rest of the film deals with how those same banks are pillaging us.
the rotund baseball cap wearing 'everyman' filmmaker adds a grand sequel to his resume
A two-hour op-ed piece raging against the hijacking of the American Dream by special interests, Moore's a canny enough filmmaker to balance entertainment and foursquare truths to keep the audience entertained and fascinated.
Moore's most telling argument is about the extinguishing of the middle class, and the consequences of losing the crucial foundation of our economy and our culture.
Michael Moore preaches to the converted in his least insightful op-ed to date.
Those [attacking Moore] are doing worse than namecalling. By refusing to engage the substance of the film, they're conceding that he may be right.
The centerpiece of this documentary is a shocking and dynamic reel of archival footage.
It might seem like a fantasy for the baker interviewed in the film to be making $60,000 a year and benefits, but Moore proves the idea is less fictitious than the ones that sank Lehman Brothers.
The biggest strike...with this film is its hypocrisy. Here's a man taking shots at capitalism, and he's the biggest capitalist in Hollywood.
As you watch, your indignation grows. Moore has chosen precisely the right moment to tap into the throbbing vein of anti-corporate, anti-rich anger.
Ultimately, Capitalism: A Love Story doesn't break ground, but it's 100% Moore and a little bit more.
Smart-alecky and simplistic? Yeah. And primo Moore.
As a filmmaker creating a product for a marketplace, supported by profit-seeking investors, he obviously has some comfort level with capitalism in the sense of doing business.
Michael Moore is up to his old tricks in Capitalism: A Love Story, and that's sure to both infuriate, and entertain and inform, depending which side of the Michael Moore fence you stand on.
Because it's so wildly entertaining, because Moore is basically a clever carnival barker at heart...Capitalism: A Love Story becomes a fabulous financial freak show
While it's amusing to watch Moore on camera plaster the entrance to the New York Stock Exchange with crime-scene tape, when Moore goes through his customary security-guard harassment in another segment, it's hard not to think: Here we go again.
In a movie long on symbols, dead peasants are the most egregious, but a close second would be the rah-rah "confidential" Citibank memo about the United States having become a "plutonomy."
Love him or hate him, liberal filmmaker Michael Moore is something of a modern-day Howard Beale, urging us to get outraged over injustices he perceives to be perpetrated by conservatives.
Like most of his movies, this will probably make your blood boil, but it functions at a level of such blubbering emotionality that it might as well be a Glenn Beck rant.
Moore is much better at indicting culprits than providing solutions.
The movie lives up to its hype in its first five minutes and builds from there. It's the Awful Truth in big, bold letters.
Moore has always stood proudly for progressivism, and that works in his favor now.
All these episodes are accompanied by Moore's typically dramatic background music choices and unrigorous analysis.
Even Michael Moore's weakest and most convoluted film is an excellent documentary which will enlighten and scare you.
In "Capitalism: A Love Story," Michael Moore casts a fiery eye at the U.S. financial system - a rich and appalling subject at the moment - and comes, alas, to the usual loopy conclusion
You will march out of the theater looking to beat up a CEO.
Comes across like a refresher course, and not the higher education Moore has strived for in the past.
Capitalism's aim is too scattershot. It's old hat for Moore to argue only one side of the story, but this is the first time he has so blatantly failed to focus on the issue at hand
The latest from Michael Moore is his usual shtick, but better.
The result is a film that stands as one of Moore's finest arguments. It's also one of his funniest, if you accept that the jokes are all of the gritted-teeth variety.
A film for everyone in the economic bottom 95 percent.
It's not ... that he's entirely opposed to capitalism; what he's really going after is the corporatism that has made profit a goal beyond all ethical considerations.
This is heartening, rousing stuff. But Moore has shilly-shallied and wandered for too long for it to have maximal impact.
Parental Content Review
an utterly frustrating work that contains a few genuinely affecting moments that wind up getting lost amidst too much tired and fairly patronizing junk.
Considering the vast spread of the subject matter of Capitalism: A Love Story, that the film works as well as it does is an accomplishment.
As a child, my mother taught me that there was always a kernel of truth in every bit of criticism; always some veracity in every condemnation, no matter how outlandish the claim or the claimant.
With Capitalism: A Love Story, Michael Moore delivers his liveliest, most radical film to date.
Anyone up on current events and at least passingly familiar with the history of the U.S. will learn few new insights. What they will learn is that they have seen this all before, and done better, by a director who seems to be going through the paces.
Capitalism: A Love Story is a Michael Moore movie that Fox News viewers might like.
The script gradually becomes an ambiguous mixture of hope and desperation; at times it feels almost bipartisan in its politics.
In passages, the movie is eloquent. In sum, it is scattershot. Organization is not Moore's strongest suit; indignation is.
Even if you don't agree with his assertions regarding economic theory and social politics, it still holds some interest.
Isn't every Michael Moore film ultimately about capitalism? This one just has a more facetious title.
You might say Moore has been making this movie his entire career. He attempts to expose corrupt bottom line-minded corporations that are in league with Capitol Hill as the cause of America's ills. He's been doing just that since the days of Roger & Me<
For all his lack of objectivity and occasional fact-twisting, Moore takes on dauntingly complex subjects and turns them into hugely entertaining, provocative pictures.
What [Moore] offers isn't an argument as much as a polemic. But as in the past, he proves a skilled polemicist,...[and] looked at dispassionately, it's fun.
The film's title is never explained. What does Moore mean? Maybe it's that capitalism means never having to say you're sorry.
How dare they! It gets you worked up! But exactly what point is Moore making? What should we be angry about?
The lack of a factual backbone will be catnip for conservatives who attack everything that Moore does, regardless of the validity of his arguments.
Capitalism is alternately moving and disheartening, energizing and enervating.
Capitalism will make you laugh, it will make you cry and it will make you angry -- in other words, par for the course for a Michael Moore movie.
If the film entertains you and outrages you, it's done its job remarkably well.
There's a simmering anger here that hasn't been present since Moore first burst upon the cinematic world with Roger and Me.
Capitalism may be flawed, but it is nevertheless entertaining. Which counts for a lot.
Of course Moore's angry. I don't know anybody who isn't. But what about the movie?
[It] may be a bit scattershot and employ familiar tricks, [but it's both] a challenging and personal movie.
Usually Michael Moore's movies make me appreciate how few real problems I actually have. I can't complain about my lifestyle when people's can't feed their kids or pay their hospital bills. This time, I feel like I'm right there with them.
Has only a few traces of Moore's wit and humor, and they're nearly lost in the fog of his indignation.
...unlike the manipulation of facts and imagery used to make his cases in "Bowling for Columbine" and "Fahrenheit 9/11," here a more restrained Moore comes across as more fair and even handed than he has in years
Even if you don't agree with the answers that Michael Moore suggests, I think you should see this movie.
Why do we go to the movies? To be entertained and informed. And Michael Moore shows an uncanny ability to be 'way ahead of the curve of public awareness.
Michael Moore's Capitalism: A Love Story is something else -- not a good movie or a coherent exposition of the meltdown but an emotional attack on capitalism as a system, an attempt, literally, to de-moralize capitalism.
Moore relates a half-century of fraud in singsong narration that makes him seem like Mister Rogers with 200 extra pounds and a Che Guevara T-shirt instead of a cardigan. But what a figure he cuts.
...a one-sided love story, even if its message could be truly reciprocal if enough people opened their minds up enough to hear it.
Mildly entertaining and occasionally funny, but often poorly researched, repetitive, parochial, and unenlightening.
Another exceptional piece of propaganda, designed to get you riled up, but also to get you to laugh.
Very much worth seeing, despite being more in the Frank Capra vein than Karl Marx.
Capitalism is intended to convince Americans that they've bought into an economic system designed to screw them over, but the tone is so smart-ass that it's bound to put a lot of viewers into a default defensive posture.
Mr. Moore aims to proselytize his friends and demonize his enemies. His movie hits both marks.
Michael Moore titled his most recent film Capitalism: A Love Story, probably because in Capitalism you never have to say you're sorry. And Moore never says he's sorry as he trashes Capitalism in America.
Moore's most personal film since Roger & Me: a lone, passionate man's hopeful search for answers to the very root of all of our socioeconomic problems
Moore sees our abusive relationship with capitalism as a growing plague. His movie, a genuine and welcome rabble-rouser, lays out the history of how democracy got corrupted.
Moore's choice to make "capitalism" his straw man (rather than, say, greed or Reagan-era deregulation) puts him in closer company than he might like with some pretty nasty world-historical bedfellows.
Love him or hate him, Michael Moore makes us think; he makes us talk. And if you agree with what he has to say, especially with his latest opus Capitalism: A Love Story, he can inspire you to make a difference.
Moore doesn't want people to ask questions. He just wants them to swallow his answers.
Whatever it lacks in a red-target focal point, it's still Moore doing what he does best: chipping away the layers of fraud that have calcified America, hoping to inspire others to storm the streets and question authority.
Capitalism is as entertaining as Roger & Me, and its critique skewers both major political parties, calling into question the economic policies of Bill Clinton as well as Ronald Reagan.
Is everything always the bank's fault? Is it only the guys in suits who can get greedy? In Moore's world, yes, it is.
Even if you don't think capitalism should be scrapped, we can agree that there are numerous abuses of the system that need to be stopped, and Moore does a great job of trying to document them.
Proving that demagoguery can come as easily from the left as from the right, Michael Moore has produced a jerry-rigged jeremiad about free enterprise that hands up some very legitimate indictments, without really making a case.
Capitalism's slickness, and its illusion of cumulative coherence, is actually a product of Moore's signature bait and switch, the same lack of structural integrity that mars most of his films.
Isn't it Washington that took money from the taxpayers to bail out the banks? Shouldn't Moore run his yellow crime-scene tape around the White House?
Provides lots of insights and enraging bits of information while, ultimately, coming off as somewhat amorphous.
At its best, Capitalism: A Love Story is a searing outcry against the excesses of a cutthroat time. At its worst, it's dorm-room Marxism.
Moore's ambush-and-blame methods are bad journalism. His lack of moral, political context is as questionable as ever.
Moore's scattershot is a lot more interesting than some filmmakers' focus, and many of those individual parts are classic.
The film works best when Moore sits with representatives of the 99 percent of Americans vulnerable to financial freefall.
Michael Moore fans should be able to appreciate what he does with this serious subject matter, while still keeping the movie entertaining and funny.
This is a love story, all right, but it has less to do with the flaws of capitalism than it does with Moore's unwavering fondness for the sound of his own voice, and for what he perceives as his own vast cleverness.
[A] scattershot, lazy slice of agitprop, which recycles Moore's usual slice-and-dice job on corporations, while bobbing a curtsey to the current crisis.
[Michael] Moore hasn't made a measured film because he's not looking for a measured response. He wants to get his viewers outraged and shake them out of their complacency.
Michael Moore is the Obama of documentarians.
Michael Moore paints with too-wide a conceptual brush, which in turn explains why 'Capitalism: A Love Story' goes off point so often.
There are moments in Capitalism when you're reminded of Moore's talent for shrieking truth to power. The rest of the film, however, only proves that his quixotic preachiness can make even a worthy cause feel occasionally bankrupt.
Michael Moore's hard-hitting documentary about the egregious, toxic, and rapacious spin-offs from the American obsession with unbridled capitalism and greed.
What's fascinating about this unfocused diatribe is that Mr. Moore, the liberal face of Middle America, has finally given up on the American audience.
Like most of his movies, Capitalism is a tragedy disguised as a comedy; it's also an entertainment.
This is vintage Moore, reflecting both the filmmaker's fondness for manipulation and his strengths as a showman.
With the global economic meltdown affecting just about everybody, the film is pertinent, hugely entertaining, and, above all, timely.
"A somewhat-droll, somewhat-glib superficial expose into how The Man is screwing you over."
Though Moore is on less solid ground when mulling vague solutions to economic woes, his message for the masses about this national 'robbery' in progress as their jobs, health care and homes go up in smoke, is loud and clear: You've been had.
A scathing indictment of modern America's "me first" approach to the social contract...an urgently important piece of work.
Since making "Fahrenheit 9/11" and "Sicko," Moore has polished his humanist vehicle of cinematic political agitprop to a glossy reflecting sheen with an entertaining, touching, and informative movie that's worth repeated viewings.
If Steven Spielberg is our country's best dramatic filmmaker, then surely Michael Moore is our best documentarian--which he proves in this sometimes hilariously entertaining broadside against the capitalist system.
"Harassing security guards, cheap stunts, unfunny comedy moments ... all a bit too familiar, and all a bit too distracting -- and that's a pity, because when Capitalism: A Love Story is on, it's on fire."
You don't go to a Moore's docu for rigorous discipline or objective approach, but in returning to his liberal-populist origins, he has made another timely, provocative and entertaining work, which is also a good companion piece to his 1989 Roger & Me.
Agree or not -- and in the interests of full disclosure, I'll note that I agree more than I disagree -- Moore's voice broadens the debate in a vital way.
A collection of outrageous facts sprayed like a shotgun blast towards what Moore deems the modern Roman Empire.
Proof of Moore's showmanship, a talent he continues to mine with every new film.
As intelligent and compulsively entertaining as his previous films.
This is a typical Moore oeuvre: funny, often over the top and of dubious documentation, but with strongly made points that leave viewers much to ponder and debate after they walk out of the theater.
By returning to his roots, professional gadfly Michael Moore turns in one of his best films.


@highlight

Love him or hate him, Capitalism captures Michael Moore in his muckraking element -- with all the Moore-centric showmanship that entails.