Intriguing possibilities, except Helm and Forster aren't quite Kaufman and Jonze. Once their parallel narratives converge, those hoping for a mind-bending meta-pile-up may feel the movie lacks the courage of its fatalistic fiction.
"It's not the best piece of English literature of the last ten years," Dustin Hoffman says of Emma Thompson's newest novel, "but it's not bad." That just about sums up Stranger Than Fiction, too.
Touching dramedy is heavy; won't interest most kids.
Inventively inverting "Adaptation.'s'" anxiety into light romance, "Fiction" is one of the most intelligent, lively, charming and beguiling concept comedies since "Groundhog Day" and a perfect seriocomic splinter of Will Ferrell's big-baby shtick.
"Stranger Than Fiction" is a sterile and pedantic comedy that tells much more than it shows.
Suggests how cleverness can suffocate people
Forster lards over his whimsically feeble film with sentimentality.
Some of Will Ferrell's biggest fans might find it overly tame and subtle, but it's interesting, enjoyable and a revelation to see he can keep his pants on and still entertain.
It could have been great. But it's just okay.
What starts out as a complex, intriguing movie turns stale quickly.
The actors and the filmmakers all take a more restrained approach than you might expect, keeping the humor gentle, and the jokes mostly as literary as the premise.
The movieâ(TM)s unforgivable logical flaws and gummy platitudes donâ(TM)t sink it...thanks to Ferrellâ(TM)s fine and humane performance.
Stranger Than Fiction is not a fluff film. Far from it. Literate and engaging, it may parade around in nonsensical clothes, but just scratch the surface and a vast reservoir of post-modern existentialism is revealed.
The place where the film runs into problems is in trying to decide, like Harold, as to whether or not it is a comedy or a tragedy. As we know, comedy sells much better and that's the direction the film leans.
Though there are enough interesting moments to keep it refreshing, Mr. Helm's script never rises above its conceit to reach the giddy Charlie Kaufman heights to which it aspires.
A literate, literary film with a Hollywood high-concept hitch.
No es ni una comedia, ni una tragedia, ni una historia de amor, ni una fábula. Es ni más ni menos que una idea original mal desarrollada, que no entretiene lo suficiente y que conduce a ninguna parte.
Stranger Than Fiction never rises above its eye-catching premise, ending up as nothing more than a great idea with absolutely nowhere to go.
An endearing comedy about the spiritual transformation of a rigid, shy, and lonely I.R.S. agent whose life is upended by forces beyond his control.
Stranger Than Fiction has a self-regard that can grate, but Ferrell and Thompson give winning performances that suggest the film's aim is true.
An uncommonly plastic bit of Hallmark sentiment-mongering, with exactly the kind of New Age psychobabble ending youâ(TM)d expect.
Ferrell rules in this film. I take back my words of prejudice. This is the smartest film in town.
Writer's block has never been so entertaining.
It's a shame that Stranger Than Fiction doesn't quite sustain its premise, but it's so entertaining that you might not even notice.
A concept film, but wow, what a concept!
Consegue desenvolver sua história de forma sempre interessante e com uma sensibilidade que certamente surpreenderá aqueles que forem ao cinema esperando assistir a uma comédia (algo que este longa não é).
[J]ust the kind of numbskull movie that critics call 'smart'.
Screenwriter Zach Helm's comedy has some quirky points, but it's very sugary and sentimental, and feeble compared to the work of those who have done the same sort of thing better: Woody Allen or Charlie Kaufman.
When it flies, it soars. But it develops leaden feet as it spins over into a convoluted, overly long wind down. This is an intelligent, engaging film that gets it right, for the most part, before ultimately capitulating to the demands of Hollywood.
Ferrell breaks the mold in this pleasantly surprising, terrific film.
Stranger than Fiction is more high-concept than high-brow; a comedy heavy on gimmick that falls a little short of cunning.
Give Ferrell as many roles like this as he can possibly handle.
Never really makes sense of its metafictional conceit, but at least Marc Foster refuses to accept the current Hollywood conventional wisdom that movie comedies should be as visually bland as TV sitcoms.
Stranger Than Fiction is not clever enough to reach Adaptation's upscale audiences or funny or entertaining enough for more mass consumption.
Instead of finishing with a bang it peters out, but this existential yarn is still fresh and funny enough to justify taking two hours out of your life.
It might be Charlie Kaufman lite, but this is a great date movie for the discerning - smart, ingenious and heartwarming.
It may not be a masterpiece like [the writer's] new novel, but it's an entertaining story.
for all its faults, it blazes new trails in mixing popular entertainment and philosophy, not to mention metaphysics, with enough panache to make it all seem eminently sensible.
The movie's vigorous efforts to channel Charlie Kaufman and Andrew Niccol, leave it looking rather familiar, not strange at all.
In many ways, Harold does not come across as a real character. He is more of a conceit than anything, defined entirely by quirky character traits, rather than simple humanity.
An amusing little quirky vehicle that not only entertains, but actually contains a few thought provoking scenes.
Unlike the brainier Kaufman stories, it's easy to understand how matters are proceeding here without an air of pretentiousness.
Arguably one of Ferrell's finest two hours on film,
Ultimately it's about fully embracing life rather than staying locked in our habits and comfort zones, hardly a new moral to the story in the history of cinema, but Stranger Than Fiction brings vitality to the shopworn message.
Such a featherweight nothing that it engenders only indifference.
Everyone can handle sitcom and they do.
Awfully good stuff...
...a Charlie Kaufman movie with actual characters and a storyline worth following.
This is Will Ferrell's Being John Malkovich or Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind, but not as good as either of those other comedies of the mind.
Who hasn't imagined that they're a main character in a book or movie? Perhaps it is this manic egocentric nature of my personality that made me fall in love with the film.
Smarter than the usual comedy and the romance is more powerful than one would expect from a romantic comedy.
A backhanded compliment to call it the first real disappointment of the season.
A film well worth seeing and savoring.
Beautifully written (the passages from Eiffel's book are stunningly good), acted and directed, there's not a false note in Stranger Than Fiction.
This bland and energyless production stars Will Ferrell, who sleepwalks through his part with the same stoic expression. It's a performance almost guaranteed to induce slumber.
Finally, a Charlie Kaufman movie for people who are too stupid to understand Charlie Kaufman movies.
It's the kind of middlebrow film that pretends it's arty and thinks it's so smart.
You could imagine Stranger than Fiction as a repeat of The Truman Show as adapted by Adaptation author Charlie Kaufman. Early on, Harold's story clicks. But Zach Helm's script reaches The End before Harold reaches his.
The progress Harold makes in this unconventional romance is the peak of Stranger than Fiction.
Original as it is winning, I found the movie to be a pure joy, easily one of the most entertainingly spellbinding love stories I've had the pleasure to enjoy in quite some time.
It's a clever script with some very sweet moments, and an inspiring message. I liked it!
There may have been some room for improvement, but the movie still has a lot of things to recommend it. Stranger Than Fiction is funny and poignant at the same time.
Until this unsatisfying ending, however, the movie flows exactly right.
This creative film presents a whimsical story that entertains us while also making us think about our own mortality and what's important in life.
...a nice story, with a whimsical metafictional touch, but it's a long way from mind-blowing.
When I left the theater, I got in my car, turned off my perpetually running radio, and thought for a long time before I moved. It's been a while since a film has done that.
It's the trippy process of storytelling that counts.
A sweet comedy, an antidote to the over-the-top, vulgar and politically reactionary 'Borat.'
This slightly fantastical, tragi-comic idea ended up in the care of precisely the right people.
The movie, like life, has no simple answers, and for the first time ever, a Will Ferrell movie will not only make you laugh, but make you think. If it means I don't have to see him in tighty whiteys ever again, I'm all for it.
Provides a pleasant evening in the theater.
Ferrell proves just the right choice, nicely underplaying for a change and ratcheting up his game opposite major talents.
Will Ferrell is a more than worthy heir to Lemmon, Hanks, Brazil's Jonathan Pryce and Something Wild's Jeff Daniels.
Satisfaction comes from the small moments, the simple pleasures. At least, that's the argument Stranger Than Fiction makes - and it presents a pretty convincing case.
A trippy trifle from the Charlie Kaufman/Michel Gondry school of pop metafiction.
Stranger Than Fiction seems like an old episode of the Twilight Zone, and the idea would have worked better as one of Rod Serling's half-hour epistles on human foibles.
Stranger Than Fiction is both about a novel and like a novel; you eagerly await the turning of the pages.
It doesn't coast on its premise but follows where it leads, which is into some serious territory. What might have been a joke with a tagged-on sentimental ending becomes instead a sensitive movie that affirms the value of life.
Stranger Than Fiction is subversive in its own, low-key way.
Hanging on a high concept never fully supported by its story, Stranger Than Fiction stays aloft thanks to an exceptionally appealing cast.
This movie is to Ferrell what The Truman Show was to Jim Carrey, the film that allows the comic to put both feet on the ground -- and to stimulate a full range of emotions.
Stranger than Fiction would be pretty close to a perfect movie if the ending weren't so weak. Actually, it's still pretty satisfying, but there is a perfect ending out there that surely occurred to Helm, but it is missing in action.
Willfully eccentric, odd in tone, it is an English major's comedy, a wry exploration of plot, narrative, character and a writer's imprint on her or his work.
I loved the little schematic diagrams that track Harold's too-linear existence. Zach Helm's script is very funny and occasionally shocking.
It seems like the screenwriter may have suffered a shortage of ideas and remedied the problem by watching Charlie Kaufman films.
With its musings on free will and God, the story may not be original, but caring about its hero is automatic for the audience. That's more than most movies can say.
It has a nifty premise and outstanding performances from Ferrell, as the protagonist-in-progress, and Emma Thompson, as his blocked creator.
Stranger Than Fiction may not be the typical crowd-pleaser, but it's a sweet, funny, intelligent film that showcases just how much Ferrell can do, even when he's doing less.
Stranger Than Fiction is odd and eccentric, but in the end it finds its heart. After all, if there's hope for a drone like Harold Crick, there's hope for all of us.
Stranger Than Fiction might be film, but it moves like a novel: a literate, unhurried tale marked by softly wrought reflections on the self-made life.
So, in lieu of the usual cookie-cutter movie, we at least get the cookie itself, a nice-light treat.
Much as it strives to be an intelligent story about intelligent people, Stranger Than Fiction is basically Adaptation for Dummies.
A wondrously funny modern fairy tale, Stranger than Fiction manages to blend romance, satire and fantasy into a story that's both fully satisfying and patently absurd.
A comedy that takes itself too seriously to be truly enjoyed.
While some of the film's literary motifs and devices might at first be a bit confusing, on whole it's pretty amusing and rewarding - and certainly one of the better vehicles to star Will Ferrell.
[Director Marc] Forster's sweetly engaging concoction bends our minds without too much strain, and even those moments that feel mildly familiar never breed anything close to contempt.
Will Ferrell delivers a moving and surprisingly delicate -- though not so surprisingly funny -- turn as the lonesome bureaucrat bedeviled by a voice only he hears.
Stranger Than Fiction just might be the most cunning comedy of the year.
Stranger Than Fiction is uptight. [Writer Zach] Helm is clearly pro-love and happy endings, but he's short on loose, fresh ideas.
Besides being inventive and witty, Stranger Than Fiction is a tribute to the power of literature. But art is not its only domain. It also delves into the world of ultimate certainties: death and taxes.
While Stranger Than Fiction traffics in a bit of darkly funny existential anxiety, it also finds room for romantic fantasy and sentimental uplift.
Take a cool premise, a smart director and a top-flight cast, then throw an ex-TV sketch comedy knucklehead into the mix - and voila, a thinking person's dramedy that grapples with issues of fate and free will, love and liberation. Look out, Oscars.
Stranger Than Fiction is a poetic and thoughtful rummage through the cosmic closet with a comic actor best known for less intelligent fare. Now that's stranger than fiction.
If Stranger Than Fiction has a central flaw, it's overly sentimental. Although the story would work better as a tragedy, Forster and Helm can't resist tacking on a mushy love story, involving Crick and combative tax cheat Ana Pascal.
It's feel-good for real, uplifting in a meaningful way, and I loved it.
A decent premise caves under scrutiny, exposing (Fiction) as one long setup that lacks a punch line.
Sure, [Crick's] more a caricature than a fully fleshed out person, but he reacts to his increasingly unbelievable situation with unexpected...believability.
Not the most satisfying of films, and it may not be as profound as it wants to be, but there are moments here that make it well worth a look.
Stranger Than Fiction promises a heady experience, but it ultimately heads for the heart instead.
In a movie full of surprises, the biggest may be Ferrell's perfectly deadpan performance.
Indulge the movie's excesses, and it rewards the viewer's intelligence with humor mingled with insight, warmth and painless lessons in literary theory.
Screenwriter Zach Helm and director Marc Forster take a great, out-there idea and make it into something that feels true and magical.
For much of the film, Ferrell must suppress his showman instincts to pull off the schlub act. That's good for the film, but it's bad for fans who expect him to scream obscenities and run down the street naked.
Stranger Than Fiction is a meditation on life, art and romance, and on the kinds of responsibility we have. Such an uncommonly intelligent film does not often get made.
Forster has a strong eye for detail and a keen visual sense.
Never self-consciously wacky or cloyingly sentimental, Stranger Than Fiction is instead a breezy, sweet comedy.
It's sweet and romantic in the good way.
Fiction is one large false start, unable to claw out of the pit of its own toxic self-awareness.
...Just another run of the mill, disappointingly mediocre comedy.
A surprising, pathos-generating performance by Ferrell ... For the first time in a long time I really hoped a movie's main character wouldn't die.
As a philosophical study, it's shaky beyond belief, but as a humorous trifle, it admirably makes up the difference.
The link between comedy and tragedy is closer than Ferrell believes but the line isn't as clever as it should be and not nearly as profound as it believes it is.
Will Ferrell is great with a restrained, earnest performance as a guy who isn't the life of the party, isn't bombastic and loud, but is just a shy guy trying to make it through life without getting hurt.
...the film also closes on a less than inspired note, but the filmmakers fail to take advantage of the literary irony.
as natural as milk and cookies
the star, fittingly, for this meditation on the power of stories, is the script -- exceptionally clever, knowledgeable about literature and narrative structure, filled with sly humor but also as warmly delectable as one of Pascal's cookies.
For all of the film's narrative intricacies, it's love in bloom that carries the day.
This is a genuine marvel of a movie.
The picture is an overworked trifle: There's so much going on in it that it becomes hard to care about anything that's going on in it.
Most of the movie's comedy falls very flat. Another director might have masked the inadequacy of the script in a way to make the enterprise marginally fun, but [Marc] Forster just didn't have the goofy flair required.
It manages to be smart and surprising and provides this season of serious movies with a much-needed shot of whimsy.
A movie that begins with a challenging premise but ultimately settles for a more accessible "carpe diem" kind of message.
Yes, Stranger Than Fiction is a head trip. But it's a very friendly one, and well crafted at that.
Stranger Than Fiction is no Eternal Sunshine. But if you can look past its clunky attempt to be exactly that, there's great pleasure in watching Ferrell, like Harold, turn into someone you never knew he could be.
The blending of the intellectual and the emotional that Stranger Than Fiction achieves is so rare, and so rarely done this well. So few films are so fully satisfying on every level like this one is.
It's not the original story we signed up for -- or thought we did.
Stranger Than Fiction is a movie that brims over with characters who are too complicated, prickly and interesting to fit within the boundaries of a conventional film.
If you've really paid attention to Ferrell's career, this role is not a stretch. He brings great humanity to a character, and a movie, that ends up being more of a sentimental romance than the silly quirk-fest you might expect.
Sometimes I think movies like Stranger Than Fiction don't experiment with narrative and character as much as cop out on them.
There's no joy in seeing Ferrell play an office drone, and the life lessons he learns are of the "All I Really Need to Know I Learned in Kindergarten" variety.
Movies with terrific ideas are a rare commodity in Hollywood. The idea behind Stranger Than Fiction is the kind of Charlie Kaufmanesque conceit that sounds a lot better than the way it's played out.
Stranger Than Fiction is the most original comedy of the year, a mind-bending tale with one foot in the real world and the other in pure fiction.
A good movie but not a great one, Stranger Than Fiction is reminiscent of the films of Charlie Kaufman.
A darkly whimsical dramedy that manages to walk the line between mainstream and unconventional.
its brand of dry humor may catch Ferrell fans off-guard... much closer to Jim Carrey's 'The Truman Show' or Nicolas Cage and Meryl Streep's 'Adaptation' than it is to the usual Ferrell fare.
[Stranger Than Fiction] springs to life whenever it drops the cute Pirandello-like premise and focuses on the simple business of Ferrell finding love.
There are a handful of really nice moments in Fiction, and almost none of them have to do with Helm's outrageous setup.
[Stranger than Fiction] teems with ideas both literary and existential, which might make it unbearably precious, were it not redeemed by woozy charm and some serious acting from Will Ferrell.
A fantasy, so it's not obligated to be logical, but it should at least have internal logic and follow its own set of rules. A failure to do so untethers the film.
Cute title, but a snappy opening dissolves into a relatively simplistic tale of a wet noodle learning to stand up for himself.
Despite its pretensions to be unusual, oddly imitative and ordinary...less like a story you find clever and surprising than like a book you've read before.
Will Ferrell in a reserved, highbrow comedy? Now that is Stranger Than Fiction.
Will Ferrell and Emma Thompson give brilliant performances in this metaphysical, Kafkaesque dilemma...far too deep to be viewed as a frivolous comedy.
There's no denying the movie has a surface allure.
...a clever ode to creative constipation on par with Charlie Kaufman's 'Adaptation' (to which it owes a great debt).
[The] performances succeed where Harold fails: gaining a life independent of their author.
A striking implosion of incongruent themes.
The movie is clever, but a little too pleased with its own clockwork intricacy.
Crisp, eccentric and exhilarating.
It takes a great premise and runs with it, neither wasting opportunities nor going off on tangents. It features strong work from both the main and supporting actors, and manages seamlessly to incorporate both humor and poignancy.
A jaunty little existential oddity.
A fresh and original fantasy love story entertainment that will arouse all the literary DNA we possess.
Ferrell doesn't give his typical over-the-top performance here, but rather creates a terrific, understated character that produces a huge amount of empathy and likeability.
This is a Ferrell you've never seen before, nailing a role that calls for breakneck humor in the final race against the clock and touching gravity in the love scenes with Gyllenhaal.
If the Charlie Kaufman-like writing theme suggests Adaptation., Zach Helm's script really says little about authorship or form, settling for positing rather than explaining a capricious universe where a giant steam-shovel can bite out one's living
A sharply clever script, witty direction and terrific performances across the board.
Brilliantly written, thoughtful and frequently hilarious comedy with impressive direction and terrific performances from the entire cast.
The film struggles under its increasingly weighty pretensions to literary credibility and even tragic status, stumbling towards an unconvincing and cloying conclusion.
The deader the deadpan the better. When Ferrell and Hoffman do their thing together, a charming bit of whimsy becomes something more. It becomes really, really funny.
Stranger Than Fiction makes for pretty tepid prose.
It remains inventive and funny to the end, features fine performances from Will Ferrell and especially Emma Thompson, and offers enough to enjoy and dispute to make it a good B.O. attraction.
The picture pleases while remaining unchallenging to a broad audience.
Forster's original serio-comedy, in the vein of Kaufman- Jonze meta-narrative cinema, is an existential yet heartfelt film about creators and their characters, life and death, and even taxes, inviting the audience to participate in the filmmaking itself

@highlight

A fun, whimsical tale about an office drone trying to save his life from his narrator, Stranger Than Fiction features a subdued performances from Will Ferrell that contributes mightily to its quirky, mind-bending affect.