So much of the film's comedy and sweetness stems from Eddie acknowledging that its time to grow up and take personal responsibility. You know, the stuff that's usually jammed into a third act montage in most comedies.
In Johnson, an endearing wiseass, Swanberg has found his ideal muse.
Win It All has a wonderful lived-in tone and style, thanks to how Swanberg films and edits his movies. It's tense, funny, well-structured and carried by strong performances. And yet, there is something off about it.
Solid acting and a fresh take on a compulsive gambler's life combine with charm supplied by indie director Joe Swanson to make this smart film a well-balanced mix of suspense, heart, and humor.
Unsurprising but as likable as Jake Johnson, at his scruffiest, can make it.
Watch it for [Jake] Johnson's winning performance, and let his poker face distract you from the flaws.
Win It All wants to play nice and warm hearts. It wants you to win, too.
Win It All is a chance to see a handful of great comic actors, Johnson chief among them, milk Swanberg's low-key narrative designs for all the comedy they're worth.
Though Win It All plays like a series of vignettes, Swanberg has become both grounded and creatively expanded as a result of Johnson's repeated collaboration.
Conventional though the arc may be, Joe Swanberg's amiably rambling comedy finds itself away from the poker table, developing into a neat little dramedy along the way.
Win It All is a slow-burn dramedy set on undercutting the romanticized, disheveled losers of noir while still developing a charm of its own.
Win It All is another reminder that Jake Johnson and Joe Swanberg are a potent and dynamic filmmaking team that are willing to explore seldom seen complex characters in a refreshingly honest fashion.
In Joe Swanberg's latest amiable amble of a comedy, Jake Johnson plays a broke gambling addict trying not so hard to do the right thing.
Just should've been about the Cubs.
Win It All is just the latest stellar collaboration between Swanberg and Johnson.
Win It All is another Swanberg special that hits upon the most human aspects of a gambler's curse, so perfect for Jake Johnson's leading take.
The film is foremost an object lesson in identifying the intangibles that separate good Swanberg from bad Swanberg. Maybe he doesn't need the right screenplay, but he does need the right actor.
"Win It All" is an agreeable little gambling film in the vein of "Mississippi Grind" or "Rounders," but with an emphasis on characters rather than plot.
For the high stakes involved, Win It All feels strictly low stakes.
Hilarious and horrifying, "Win It All" gives Johnson the best role of his career.
There's enough disreputable behavior bookending the righteousness, and enough solid jokes along the way, to make the effort moderately entertaining.
"Win It All" is a small character drama that, through improvisation, renders relationships impeccably; it's at once specific and universal. But "Win It All" is also a new look for Swanberg. It's the first film he has made that has a script.
It's a lovely film full of heart and soul.
A surprise collect phone call... triggers a last-gasp attempt to make things right and provides for an exhilarating final act.
Swanberg has delivered his most traditional movie to date -- and for this prolific filmmaker, who spent ages defying conventions, that's nothing short of a radical step forward.
Win it All is Swanberg's tightest movie, and no doubt his most accessible; the directing/writing/performing duo having discovered a true rhythm and shorthand together that's magic when it works.
Swanberg-aided greatly by Johnson's vigorous performance-makes the gambler's panic-stricken silence all the more agonizing, balancing the warm veneer of intimate normalcy with the inner chill of secrets and lies.
Joe Swanberg's Win It All understands addicts in a fashion that's unusual for American cinema.
Win It All is a largely enjoyable exercise in the concept of acting as reacting, as most of the film's plot (and humor) is driven by the ways people respond to Eddie and his predicament.
The most convincing of the three features Joe Swanberg has made with star and co-writer Jake Johnson (each of which has represented a highlight in his filmography) ...
A smooth-edged comedy and an addiction drama fluent in the language of recovery.
"Win It All" might be Swanberg's most accessible film yet. The awkwardness and improvised feel often associated with mumblecore is passed over for a tone and dialogue style that's more polished, but no less impactful.
It's a dense character study that rests on the shoulders of Jake Johnson, who delivers his strongest performance to date, casually handling every scene with a magnetism that recalls the likes of '70s era De Niro and Caan.
Funny, warm, and broken-in in all the right ways, "Win It All" marries Swanberg's loping, observational style with a plot that wouldn't have been out of place in an old-school Warner Bros. melodrama, and ends up dealing a surprisingly strong hand.

@highlight

Win It All finds writer-director Joe Swanberg working in a comparatively mainstream vein -- and striking another collaborative spark with leading man Jake Johnson.