Writer-director Jonathan Parker sets us up for a 90-minute debate on aesthetics and artistic integrity, and that's a tedious exercise in any medium.
Skewers the world of contemporary art in a way that's insightful and funny without becoming a broad parody.
...spry and spiky satire...
The characters...are wrapped up in their own perceptions of their greatness and are an odious lot. This is fitting for the film but leaves the viewer without a character to like.
The impenetrable gallery jargon is quite funny at first, and the brothers' twisted relationship is set up nicely, but the movie errs when it takes itself seriously.
(Untitled) asks a lot of intriguing questions -- more intriguing than the film itself.
A serious comedy in which the assorted players - a couple of artists, some gallerists, and the people who attend (or don't attend) their shows - discuss what art is, what it should aspire to be, and what kind of people collect, exhibit, and consider it.
Right away, you wonder if the filmmakers are trying hard enough.
Woody Allen might have passed on making this film 35 years ago because it was too dated and middlebrow.
A very funny and on-the-nose takedown of artsy pretension.
Art School Confidential goes for its doctorate in Jonathan Parker's bitchy, hilarious (Untitled), the story of two pretentious brothers jealously jousting with each other in the dog-eat-dog world of fine-art cred.
...starts to feel like a one trick pony.
The performances here are all stellar, and narrative movies that take the making of art seriously are a rare breed indeed.
Those who don't know art but who know what they like are likely to come away from "(Untitled)" thinking "Gee, I could have done that."
Has the punctuation and the thinness of a gallery wall label.
It's a testament to the movie's keen script that, until a disjointed final act, we're able to both laugh at these characters and sympathize with them.
It doesn't have a hero who's right and everyone else is wrong. And though it mocks every character, it dismisses nobody. It makes a case for every point of view, including those the filmmakers don't share.
(Untitled) is a comedy worthy of the best Woody Allen, and Adrian is not unlike Woody's persona: a sincere, intense, insecure nebbish, hopeless with women, aiming for greatness.
With the use of Sahara dry satirical wit and subtle, whip-smart mockery, (Untitled) sends up the pretension of the art world with love.
Egos, etiquette, and envy go a long way in this atypical comedy of manners.
The rare picture nowadays that takes satiric aim at the pomposity of the world of high art and hits the target, even if the blows are more often than not only glancing ones.
Because Parker is so determined to expose the art scene's pretensions, he neglects other areas, like dialogue, plot and character. And what's the point in making a shallow satire about shallow subjects?
There's plenty to recommend.
[Parker's] new film has that same ultra-black comedy vibe, which means good news for us few fans and bad news for everyone else.
It's a sharp movie, pitched at a tone located squarely between archness and sincerity.
A simply terrific ensemble cast is the main attraction in this probably too-clever-for-its-own-good satire on the world of modern art.
Shrewdly hedges its bets about the value of it all, it is ultimately on the side of experimental music and art and their champions, no matter how eccentric. For that alone this brave little movie deserves an audience.
A small gem of a movie. Can it find the audience it deserves? Given the vagaries of indie distribution, it'll have to be sought out. But it's so worth finding.
(Untitled) is a tinny satire destined to go (Unwatched) because it is (Uninteresting).
Shelton's radiant performance as the brothers' elusive object of desire helps rescue (Untitled) from an occasional listlessness that comes as a consequence of Parker's nuanced, gentle jabs at the art world.
Turns eccentrics into such cartoons that the film neglects an open-ended debate for its own frustrated critique.
Sort of a parody of the cliquish New York art scene, but also a defense of it.
There's something about Shelton as Madeleine that tilts the movie in her favor. Maybe it's her deadpan delivery, or the series of hilariously noisy outfits she wears, but Madeleine seems like the sanest person in this absurd world.
Adam Goldberg glowers effectively as a serious composer of maddeningly difficult music; the wonderful Marley Shelton glows with hilariously cool composure as a gallery owner who exhibits unendurable art pieces.
(Untitled)'s onslaught of self-indulgent bohos and art-vs.-commerce clichés are as ersatz as their objects of scorn.
(Untitled) tries to reignite who-gets-to-call-it-art debates that haven't been taken seriously for at least a decade.
Parker reduces the art world to the insipid backbiting and conniving of malign thugs that enthusiastically bat around grandiose, self-serving endorsements
A laugh-out-loud satire with a dry-martini wit ... consistently surprising and funny without pandering for laughs.
Studded with some funny moments, but comes off as fuzzy and false, owing to the fact that it seems conflicted about what sort of agenda to pursue, or perspective to advance.


@highlight

This satire on the art world is at times both clever and shallow, but its top-notch cast generates plenty of goodwill.