The execution is so good it's easy to forgive it its improbabilities.
While Léonetti's film is never less than ridiculous, it forgets to also be fun.
As it stands, it's simply a relentlessly brutal chase through a parched landscape that does little more than remind us that California is in the midst of its worst drought in something like six centuries.
Douglas' gun-crazy businessman is both fascinating and hilariously creepy, carrying the film from start to finish. It's unceasingly daft, utterly implausible and shamelessly fun.
Things go way off track at the end, but the always game Douglas gleefully chews up the scenery and has a riot delivering some jaw-droppingly bad lines. This is a film you need to see with a big, lusty audience so you can yell at the screen at the end.
Gordon Gekko in the desert Southwest. There's really no other way to describe this sparse but ultimately rather silly B-movie thriller.
Elevated by its sense of humor, which is connected to its political conscience: Dressed like Donald Rumsfeld playing cowboy, in a black vest, blue shirt and big hat, Michael Douglas finds economic reasons to justify his decision to commit murder.
With a spectacular setting and two solid actors on-screen, this thriller builds enough solid suspense to distract the audience from the implausible premise.
The truth is that Beyond the Reach isn't actually a cat-and-mouse game about predator and prey. It's about the cat watching the mouse die.
Beyond the Reach is a messy patchwork of potential, but the conclusion takes such a leap into the totally batshit that you're kind of left asking; 'what the hell did I just watch?!?'
Not as much fun as it should be.
Dreary in the extreme, enlivened not one bit by Douglas's myriad character quirks, which run the gamut from driving an espresso machine-equipped off-road vehicle to doing a bizarre impression of WALL-E.
Irvine works hard, but the film is content to let his torso do most of the talking.
An ending so breathtakingly, eye-rubbingly stupid, it's almost worth the admission price.
A lean, mean action thriller let down only by a deeply predictable ending.
There is the ghost of a good idea in this clunky machine.
It's never less than watchable and will do wonders for sales of aftersun.
The film is too wrapped up in its own dogma to entertain, and the deadly game of hide-and-seek that ensues becomes as monotonous as the baking desert landscape.
John Madec is a millionaire with an array of expensive toys... He's Douglas's nastiest creation since Gordon Gekko in Wall Street.
Michael Douglas serves up an enjoyably villainous performance for this survival thriller in the classic 70s style of Deliverance and Duel, based on the 1972 novel Deathwatch by Robb White.
Michael Douglas chews the spectacular desert scenery in this silly, enjoyable survival thriller.
A thoroughly daft thriller that fails to reach the heights of its source material.
Douglas brings a sense of reckless abandon to a cat-and-mouse thriller that nevertheless is most often unpleasant, and not in a way that's provocative or surprising.
The rugged beauty of northwestern New Mexico is proudly on display in "Beyond the Reach." But, that's not enough reason to give this silly thriller a viewing.
A typical plot of hunters being hunted in which the few elements that could work fail to create an effective thriller. [full review in Spanish]
It manages to keep the thrills going, mainly due Jean-Baptiste Léonetti-s sharp direction. [full review in Spanish]
The director makes the confrontation interesting and factual because he makes the best use of the environment and landscape. [full review in Spanish]
The first 20 minutes were good, the rest was just the director trying to make the movie longer without any substance. [full review in Spanish]
Léonetti abuses close-ups and the general shots trying to imitate western duels, but it all fails and ends up looking like a bad experiment. [full review in Spanish]
a stylish, narratively stripped-down thriller that works quite well, right up until it stumbles and falls into a terrible ending that feels both utterly contrived and morally ridiculous
... a 'Most Dangerous Game' update that benefits from spectacular terrain and decent performances ... Douglas makes up in killer sarcasm and animal cunning what he lacks in physical prowess.
Rich people shouldn't be able to get away with murder, sure, but screenwriters shouldn't be able to get away with this.
Michael Douglas does what he can to breathe life into a stale project, but he can't save the utterly predictable slope the film slides into. Beyond the Reach is about as entertaining as a severe case of heat stroke.
For a film that deals with a desolate, scorching unknown, there sure are a lot of obvious plot notes along the way.
Always absorbing and gripping.
It's lost and confused, with its baffling plot turns and character motivations presented in a straightforward, dead-eyed manner.
Ultimately, the take-away from "Beyond the Reach" is this: Don't go into the desert with a guy in a blazer. Even if he offers you a martini.
Watching Douglas behave like a narcissistic scumbag is an absolute pleasure, one in which viewers of action-adventure "Beyond the Reach" can happily indulge.
A deadly, desert-set game of cat and mouse that is tired and beyond plausibility.
"Beyond the Reach" is a grueling, unsatisfying thriller that fails the logic test in spectacular ways.
Douglas is in his element and the throwback, stylized look of the production makes Beyond the Reach an entertaining hit of escapist fun.
There's not much here: The characters are paper-thin, and the action is slow, at times agonizingly so.
Doesn't add anything to the human-hunts-a-human genre but is effectively served.
A nifty little morality play set in the Mojave Desert.
It isn't nearly as much creepy fun as it sounds like.
The film aims to puts a compelling twist on the "most dangerous game" trope, but its few good ideas are overshadowed by baffling character decisions and grating plot twists.
The title of this turgid chase drama couldn't be more apt: almost everything escapes its aim.
Michael Douglas seems to have been slithering toward this part for 40 years
There are goofy, primal pleasures to be had in the first two-thirds of the film. But "Beyond the Reach" exceeds even its humble grasp in the final act, collapsing in a clatter of blockheaded manhunter-movie cliches.
The flat-out awful ending ... deflates much of the goodwill built up by the rest of the film.
"Beyond the Reach" is a misfire, one of those movies that never quite rises to the level of guilty pleasure.
Offers a decent amount of thrills and sun-caked frustrations. Get up and leave before the final ten minutes, and the movie provides a compelling ride into disaster.
"Beyond the Reach" fails to achieve the Southwestern noir potency of "No Country for Old Men," but there's no denying it brings to mind another Southwestern classic about malicious pursuit: the Road Runner cartoons.
It provides a nice showcase for the villainous talents of Douglas.
The movie tries too hard to promise nail-crunching terror that it never really delivers.
It all goes to hell, more spectacularly than any film in recent memory. Does that ruin what was a pretty good time? It depends.
The attempted "new twists" on a classic story that's been filmed to death almost ruin it.
Money couldn't have saved "Beyond The Reach," but maybe a bit more time figuring out the right story would've been a better investment.
If all a movie needed was a boy with abs and a gun (or slingshot), then Beyond the Reach would be a masterpiece.
A potentially sophisticated conclusion is wrecked by a conventional ending.
Douglas' gleefully smarmy performance goes a long way towards perpetuating the thoroughly watchable atmosphere...
The Reach offers up happy corroboration that filmmaker Jean-Baptiste Léonetti's astonishing dystopian science fiction masterpiece Carré Blanc was no first feature fluke.
A preposterously bad, grade-Z adventure yarn in which a crazed billionaire hunter chases a skivvy-stripped guide through the Mojave Desert for upwards of 90 minutes, while the audience looks on in quiet disbelief.
A decent premise is ruined by poor execution and a ridiculous ending.
Not even a gleeful Michael Douglas can make this a cat-and-mouse game worth playing.

@highlight

Beyond the Reach promises goofy genre pleasures, but fails to deliver, losing the viewer -- and a villainous turn from Michael Douglas -- in a misguided story that stumbles to the finish.