The pace drags and the twists and turns and subplots are unnecessary and annoying.
Bunraku is everything from blatant ripoff to experimental cinema to a graphic novel gone wild with its bad acting and predictable ending.
It should surprise no one that visually quirky, graphic-novelish, pulp-noir action flicks rarely come through the sausage machine intact.
It's not difficult to see why this movie - which reportedly cost $25 million - has been looking for a release date since it was finished more than three years ago.
Extremely cool-looking in the manner of "Sin City,'' but clumsily staged, slackly acted and mind-numbingly dull...
A potpourri of genres that ends up a morass of clichés.
"Bunraku" is so desensitizing with its hyper-stylized distractions and movie references it feels more mush-up than mash-up.
One long, extensively choreographed fight sequence in which "mortal" blows are delivered so often, and with so little lasting impact, that a brawl just becomes a brawl becomes a brawl.
You can tell the makers of "Bunraku'' were really excited about creating a cool, new movie world, because that's all the movie is: 118 minutes of effects, art-direction, and genres.
Bunraku's premise involves a level of fanboy wankery that makes Sucker Punch look restrained.
Bunraku is far from a cinematic leap forward, but for a couple of hours, it does make "one-dimensional" something other than a pejorative.
Bunraku aspires to be Kill Bill: Vol 3; it's more like an ornate pitch for a Dick Tracy reboot.
Two compelling characters embark on a journey in a wonderfully intriguing environment; if only the execution of the tale was as gripping as the visuals.
A mega mash-up in the vein of Sucker Punch, Bunraku jumbles together elements with a self-consciousness that's as turgid as its story proper.
An overstylized, overwritten, overinflated jumble that doesn't have a clue when to quit. It's definitely colorful and eager to please, but a little of this convoluted mess goes a long way.
Midnight movie fans as well as graphic artists will appreciate the style of the picture, if not the substance... mainly because there's not much substance to be found at all.
What do Hartnett and Geckt want with Perlman? Mostly, I think, they're just looking for excuses to get into elaborate kung fu fights.
Moshe, who wrote and directed, creates a boldly Expressionistic alternate reality to background this heavy-on-the-action story, but neglects narrative and character beyond the most basic strokes.
Completely pointless and utterly unwatchable...
A fun action flick distinguished by the stunning visuals.
It's a pic that's akin to a terrarium of plastic flowers -- gaudily decorative, but airless and lifeless.
With great chemistry between Hartnett and Gackt, and incredible visuals, the ambitions of director Guy Moshe's sophomore feature more than make up for what it lacks in substance.


@highlight

Bunraku admirably strives for visual panache, but the staging, acting, and effects are dismal with a complete lack of excitement.