One of the best laugh til you cry comedies of the last decade.
Writers need to start shaking things up a bit. Have the couple split up for actual reasons. Allow them to see other people or go in a whole new direction. This ending has been done. This whole film has been done. The plot is tired. Let it rest.
What a pleasant surprise this movie is ...
It's not insightful or original about anything more than a generic self-esteem boost for goony dudes who dream of hot babes, but it's never not doing cartwheels to make you laugh.
The story relies on the strength of the characters and effectiveness of the comedy to keep it going. And for the most part it works.
She's Out Of My League might be the most important romantic comedy of the past twenty five years. If only it was funny enough to warrant such an accolade.
Even with being an amalgamation of hits and misses, it manages to do the one thing most romcoms don't; make you think after it's over.
She's Out of My League is not big on originality, yet it scores points for addressing self esteem and body image issues amongst young males.
Tends to be off-putting, which is a shame, because it's on to something about the dynamic between put-together women and the legions of nervous men who shoot themselves in the feet while longing for them. [Blu-ray]
...has a few quality moments, and it doesn't default to the angry ugliness of so many fraternity-boy sexual comedies.
A charming romantic comedy that lets Mr. Wrong win at love for a refreshing change of pace.
manages to strike a workable balance between the crass and the poignant, even if it sells some of its characters a bit short
A scenario ripped straight from a screenwriting computer program.
...largely silly, if well meaning, inoffensive but predictable, unoriginal, and bland.
Hops along no more than hopefully towards its inevitable conclusion that losers sometimes win.
A totally acceptable, completely forgettable romcom that will make you laugh a fair few times, before floating harmlessly out of your life.
Formulaic and inoffensively bland.
Jay Baruchel gets his shot at Hollywood leading-man status in this likable, goofy romcom. And I have to say I'd rather be watching him than the ubiquitous Shia LaBeouf.
Here is yet another American comedy in which a beautiful woman falls head over high heels in love with a worthless geek.
It's not half as bad as it sounds thanks to the likable, grounding presence of Baruchel, plus Nate Torrence as his chubby pal.
Eve sparkles, Baruchel amuses and the film as a whole is irresistible.
She's Out Of My League is a predictable yet hugely enjoyable genre piece that relies on our natural empathy for Baruchel's nice guy...
With his debut feature, English director Jim Field Smith handles the humour with skill. A solid if formulaic addition to the genre.
This is the rare one with unisex appeal - it's sweet and it's raunchy, and it has an underdog male lead of huge oddball charisma in Jay Baruchel.
A funny and charming romcom.
Fast, frequently funny and isn't a chore to watch. Measured on its own dating scale, She's Out Of My League is a solid six with room to climb higher.
The gross-out level is kept to a minimum and the language is reasonably clean, making it a refreshing change from similar testosterone-fueled movies.
For all its rude humour and chucklehead antics, this is actually a sweet and shy romantic comedy. It also boosts Jay Baruchel into leading-man status with a thoroughly charming performance.
While there's no particular originality to proceedings, each character is eminently likeable, and while that doesn't neccesarily translate to memorable comedic gold, it just about works well as a new contender.
Hugely enjoyable, frequently funny romcom with likeable characters, a witty script, a steady stream of laugh-out-loud gags and terrific performances from its two leads.
Like its hero, it has hidden depths -- it's just a shame they're not allowed to shine.
The direction from first-timer Jim Field Smith is bland and without character, and you feel that if someone with more confidence and a swagger to their filmmaking had been in charge we'd have seen something that stepped beyond cinematic mediocrity
Sloppy, sometimes tasteless and at times silly, 'She's Out of My League' is a lovable mess. It's raunchy humor with a heart of gold.
Some half-way decent character comedy props up this otherwise pretty frivolous outing that marks burgeoning star Jay Baruchel's first cinematic leading role.
Although the film follows all the usual peaks and valleys of a typical rom-com, She's Out of My League gets a pass for making me laugh even when it's at its most formulaic.
... inoffensive but strictly routine ...
If John Hughes has made Clerks 2, it might have went something like this.
I found some of the Judd Apatow films really funny. This is a pale imitation, not actually in their league at all.
The film is not an Apatow production but it feels like one.
She's Out of My League is perhaps the funniest film since There's Something About Mary.
An enjoyable ride with a cheerfully funny and realistic edge.
A crowd pleasing romance us fives can get behind...
The central characters feel real and Sean Anders and John Morris have written a smart screenplay in which the characters are not only firmly established, but they behave as you would expect
Good-natured yet forgettable...
League an entertaining look at opposites in love.
A film that delivers amazingly raunchy humor and a fun love story. Actor Nate Torrence steals the film with a scene that will literally make you laugh so hard you will cry.
has neither the comedy nor the romance nor the insight to deepen its central gimmick
The hackneyed conceit of the dork who dreams big earns a zero for originality, but the cast -- which includes Mike Vogel, T.J Miller, and Krysten Ritter as friends of the mismatched couple -- is close to an 8.
Lots of bro-banter and bodily function goofs smother a good idea
Directed by Englishman Jim Field Smith and scripted by Sean Anders and John Morris of the upcoming "Hot Tub Time Machine," "She's Out of My League" stays afloat for its first hour thanks to the comic water-treading talent of its cast.
Every time I thought it was developing a comic pace, it would stumble, most notably in a few extended, ridiculous gross-out scenes late in the film.
Too much profanity and crude talk but at heart it is an endearing romantic comedy which should raise the ante on Baruchel and Eve's careers
It is mindless fun, especially for Baruchel fans, with a little heart and surprising charm thrown in for good measure.
It's got a stale premise, dumb jokes, [and] characters who exist only to remind you of other characters in slightly better movies.
Like the confused hero standing at the cross-tarmac of his life, this film isn't sure which way's up. Derisive, sophomoric humor or perky rom-com? Underwear jokes or glowing life lessons on personal evolution?
Mildly amusing and charming, but often bland, tedious and not nearly as funny as it could have been with a gutsier and more imaginative screenplay.
Every man's fantasy is a hot relationship with a drop-dead gorgeous, head-turning fox. At age 14 reality sinks in and most guys realize it's never going to happen.
Welcome to the plot of every underdog romantic comedy ever -- there are indeed some good laughs, but the story here is negligible.
The four actors have an appealing rapport -- as offhandedly sweet as it is determinedly raunchy -- and Miller and Vogel especially enliven pretty standard fare.
Starts out working more -- not to mention working better -- as a comedy of manners and social mores before falling back on raunchy humor and sprints to the gate.
This raunchy piece of Judd Apatow-lite is a tart confection with a sweet center.
It's not particularly funny, it runs a bit long, and it certainly uses its fair share of cliches, but it somehow manages to be charming and likable for most of its runtime.
If you combined Knocked Up with There's Something About Mary...you'd have some idea of how oddly disjointed yet ultimately satisfying She's Our of My League is.
Jay Baruchel, a funny and solid supporting player, is not quite ready for the big leagues with this lackluster rom-com.
As crude buddy comedies go, it's a shave above.
It's still an R-rated comedy with its fair share of raunchy moments, but it's also clever and disarmingly sweet. Not a "10," but certainly a "7," with bonus points for exceeding expectations.
The writers and director Jim Field Smith show a refreshing level of commitment to something besides broad caricatures and crotch jokes.
Forgettable sub-Apatow fare that even the personable leads can't save from utter mediocrity.
Nothing would work, though, without the appealing Baruchel.
There are compensations, in Baruchel's performance and in Eve's too (now that's an ingenue's name).
Not as crass, or as sophisticated, as the Apatow-themed humor that it aspires to, "She's Out of My League" succeeds on the strength of its gawky leading man.
[T]reat[s] its own plot as a huge mystery... you can almost feel the movie shaking its head in bewilderment...
Remarkably good performances by the supporting cast give this beauty-and-the-beast romantic comedy some laughs and warmth, but finding chemistry between the leads proves out of its league.
The premise might work if the film were content to be a fairly undistinguished example of over-the-top gross-out comedy.
... skirts the gummy shoals of the profane, [yet still] heartwarming, laugh-out-loud funny, and actually sort of romantic in a puckishly real world way
If the Farrelly Brothers and Judd Apatow somehow mated, the result of their union might be She's Out of My League.
The two leads create a sweet, believable romance that deserves a better movie.
She's Out of My League doesn't answer the question of whether a 10 would go for a 5, but rather if audiences are willing to settle for a 5.
Director Jim Field Smith lifts his best beats from Judd Apatow, and his worst from American Pie.
The movie's terrific -- it's easily my favorite film released so far this year.
It's a little rushed, and a little rough around the edges, but She's Out of My League is genuinely nutty and funny, and with some likeable characters at its center.
And even if League isn't up to the Judd Apatow/Kevin Smith standards of smart-guy rom-coms, it's still funny and charming enough to rate as a lovely little post-Oscar season date movie.
It kind of feels like Smith, Anders and Morris just threw as many jokes on the wall as they could and saw how many of them would stick. Fortunately, enough of them do adhere to said wall that you'll forget about most of the ones that don't.
Demonstrates how hard it is to achieve that Apatow balance between aww-inspiring tenderness and wince-inducing body-fluid slapstick...
It's funny, and kinda sweet, but they shouldn't classify it as comedy. It's sci-fi/fantasy.
Has a lot of spirit and heart and actually quite sweet, but it tries to shoehorn too many ideas into one movie and not all of them work.
The movie clearly aspires to rise to the smutty-but-sweet synergy of other, better films. But She's Out of My League can't touch them.
Scenes that should be grotesquely funny (man helps another man with his intimate grooming, or the appearance of a Hall & Oates cover band) deliver only chuckles rather than a big payoff.
Its gormless, assertion-free protagonist offends as a role model for idiot youths, and, even worse, offends as drama.
She's Out of My League is a rowdy blast because the spiky young cast treats the played-out script like virgin territory. That's acting!
The leads are better than the movie deserves. Baruchel is likable, and Eve comes off as somewhat more human than you expect in efforts like this.
We may know exactly where Kirk and Molly are headed -- he can't get over his good fortune and she can't abide being put on a pedestal -- but the movie keeps upending our expectations and provoking laughs.
While it's a bigger fantasy film than The Lord of the Rings, it owns its implausibility in a way that endures rather than repulses.
There's barely a smirk in all of its padded hour and 45 minutes...
You're out of its league.
A surprisingly sweet-natured affair with solid performances.
This bad-mannered love story has a funny foul mouth with a few bright spots of charm.
It's short on clever humor and big on convention and formula.
A diverting showcase for Baruchel and Eve, who are excellent arguments for the proposition that there's more to a person than looks.
Baruchel and the others make this often-crude comedy work when it probably shouldn't.
While Baruchel is fun to root for and watch flail about like a pipe-cleaner in the wind, this movie encourages a sick desire in me - to see Michael Cera and all the runners-up in the Mr. Puniverse Contest knocked down a peg...
I'll say this: it's neither a "5" nor a "10," but somewhere in between.
It's undeniably formulaic stuff. The film seems to actively invite comparisons with Apatow's oeuvre.
The movie also does well to let the supporting characters carry the comedic load.
Instantly forgettable.
We like them, and we're not used to characters in a comedy like this being so blunt, honest, and self-aware.
By mixing the sweetness of "Say Anything" with the silliness of "There's Something About Mary," "She's Out of My League" works as well as it does thanks to a real sense of heart and a killer ensemble.
Impossible to hate.
Parental Content Review
The title says it all, and the mismatch of tone parallels the mismatch in the story.
Yet another irritating, frustrating, artificial Hollywood product that trades honesty and depth for grade school immaturity and a bunch of lazy, derivative, totally unfunny jokes involving sexual organs and bodily fluids.
Of all the Judd Apatow-era imitators, She's Out of My League is one of the better ones.
It's too hellbent on becoming the next "There's Something About Mary" or Judd Apatow offshoot to realize it's finest quality is its tender heart.
Hardly original, but it knows what works: Think of it as 'The Twentysomething (Almost) Virgin.' It even has an unfortunate male grooming scene similar to the chest-waxing in "Virgin," though this one focuses on an area a wee bit south of that.
An uninspired romantic comedy/male self-esteem pep-talk that seems to be yearning for viewer affection despite its all-around mediocrity.
Though Baruchel does his best to ground the film in some vague semblance of identifiable reality, he's surrounded on all sides by human cartoons, each pushing bad advice or roping him into the next grotesque comic setpiece.
[T.J.] Miller's the find. He's out of this movie's league.
I laughed out loud a handful of times and chuckled on a regular basis. In the end, isn't that all we really want from those sweet, mindless comedies Hollywood continues to offer?
Generously funny, sporadically heartfelt, and infinitesimally honest, League shows surprising signs of life. For a big dumb comedy about losers and hotties, the toil to capture any sort of dimension is welcome.
A movie can't achieve a nakedly honest dude vibe like I Love You, Man when the characters are this irritating.
No, we still don't believe them as a couple. No, there aren't many surprises here.
I laughed here and there at She's Out of My League, but I sort of hated everything it had to say about nerds and babes and the sliding scale of self-image.
The movie is not a comedy classic. But in a genre where so many movies struggle to lift themselves from zero to one, it's about, oh, a six point five.
There's an interesting, funny, quietly devastating film to be made from the core idea here -- that of an average guy so convinced of his unworthiness that he subconsciously sabotages a golden romantic opportunity -- but this overly broad exercise in set-p
[A] one-joke sub-Judd Apatow snark-athon...
The movie is convincing enough to give every Kirk in the world a semblance of hope. Every once in a while, love really is blind.
What elevates She's Out of My League -- it doesn't turn a 5 into a 10, but it helps -- is heart, of which its characters have a surprising plenty.
She's Out of My League is that rare modern screen comedy that is better than the trailers make it appear.
This appealingly cast movie seesaws from unlikely thoughtfulness to imbecilic vulgarity.



@highlight

She's Out of My League has moments of humor and insight, but it's bogged down by excessive vulgarity and cartoonishness.