The most offensive thing about this film is that it completely lacks a sense of humour.
The problem is that, unlike Ali G, Borat, and Brüno, Aladeen is less a force of nature than a scripted performance.
Feels more like one of those lousy SNL movies from the early nineties than the work of our sharpest contemporary satirist.
This comedy succeeds as a crude, inventive and humours look at a dumb despot.
This is not a character who can hold the center of a movie for 90 minutes.
A mix of gimme jokes and fish-out-of-water observations about a foreigner's introduction to New York City that were rendered clichéd by 'Crocodile Dundee.'
Underrated comic excellence from Sacha Baron Cohen with plenty of sharp satire lacing the broader gross-out gags.
Consistently offensive, and not in a way that should automatically be dismissed as 'edgy' or 'provocative'.
The film's writers understand that satire is infinitely more powerful when it's accessible
By now, what looked like good dirty fun, a funhouse mirror pointed at America, has calcified into easy shtick.
The publicity stunts for promoting The Dictator were funnier than the actual movie.
A sly/insightful portrait that the comedian has already painted, and re-painted, and painted again. How many examples of the same idea can he successfully convey on film?
The Dictator is comedy at its broadest, but underneath the 'hilarious' beard and predictable September 11th gags lies a sharp script that attempts to aim lowbrow and highbrow at the same time - and almost pulls it off.
While The Dictator may appear different than Borat and Brüno, it is very much the same idea as both films, packed with the same jokes and new ones that are more disturbing than they are hilarious.
Cohen remains a talented comedian. I like his anything-goes sense of humor. But, "The Dictator" feels like he was holding back to get people to like his character.
Where Borat had unsuspecting victims, The Dictaror is stuck with actors; the Candid Camera element erased. As is the shock value.
It doesn't have much to say about the character Cohen portrays or about how the world perceives that stereotype, which results in a paper thin but generally amusing little farce.
A few laughs here and there at the expense of offensive stereotypes, The Dictator mostly repeats jokes we've seen in other, better Sacha Baron Cohen films.
This is Cohen in a lightweight mood, taking very few chances, instead relying on only mildly irreverant humor.
While [Sacha Baron Cohen's] latest, ultra-hyped effort The Dictator has its fair share of disgusting, gross-out moments, perhaps the biggest shock is that it actually has a decent story and engaging characters.
A missed opportunity of global proportions.
What's shocking is the movie's finale, in which Baron Cohen -- as usual, fully committed to his character -- delivers a diatribe that's a satirical version of Charlie Chaplin's famous speech in The Great Dictator.
It doesn't expose stupidity. That's what Cohen has done absolutely wonderfully in the past with his other characters. Now he's just acting stupid, with only some funny results.
By this time, even Eve Ensler probably would support a movie and TV comedy moratorium on the use of the word 'vagina.'
The danger for Baron Cohen is having made his name as a confrontational comedian but delivering something that, while occasionally provocative, feels too conventional.
Both the laughter and the satire had crawled off and quietly died.
A weapon of mass derision.
The biggest problem with the movie is that it has all these crazy dictator jokes, which are funny but when it tries to be a movie, it fails miserably. You don't buy any of it.
While acknowledging that some of the film's individual scenes are quite funny, the overarching story needed work.
the movie feels lazy and middlebrow, without even the mockumentary format of Borat to disguise things.
As a supporting actor Cohen is okay, but as the star of his vanity projects he is excruciating
This is basically Coming to America with more gross-out gags.
Borat cut deep, The Dictator couldn't incise bread.
The film has a vicious edge that the Marx Brothers didn't have, and it's too low-minded to achieve their enchanting blend of anarchy and surrealism.
He very lovingly pokes fun at us like a favorite uncle who wants you to pull his finger.
Where most of Cohen's films exploit non-actors falling for his ruse, this dictator has been banished to one of those (regrettable and forgettable) SNL movies...
The whole love story shackles the movie, forcing it to ultimately and ruinously fit into the strict confines of the rom-com genre, whereas Cohen has always been at his best, like any rubber chicken, when allowed to be free range.
Baron Cohen is as always never less than fully immersed into his character, and Aladeen's antics are often quite hilarious, most brashly and crudely so.
You would strain to identify The Dictator as a clever movie. But it doesn't quite work as a big dumb movie either.
As with Mel Brooks, it's the good scenes and lines that stick in the mind rather than the misfires.
All of the best jokes were given away in the trailer.
Cohen has added something to the picture that prevents it from completely succeeding: a plot.
It's funny enough, even hilarious at times, but is it really being incisive and intelligently manipulative, or is it just ignorant, offensive drivel? I can't tell.
Lame, tedious and decidedly NOT funny.
It pains me to say that "The Dictator" is a big disappointment.
The Dictator is not laugh loud, snarfing, hurt you kind of funny, but it has moments where you'll do a snort or two.
Dumb and infantile, proving that even the most audacious, belligerent vulgarities get boring when you repeat them often enough.
It really, really feels like the movie ought to be funnier than it is.
It lacks the visceral anarchy to which it clearly aspires: that sense that Cohen is playing with lit dynamite that could explode at any moment.
A funny movie from a funny man.
Are you ready for some leftover, room temperature Sacha Baron Cohen?
There are plenty of great jokes in here, mostly because of Cohen's complete lack of fear about inciting the anger of the entire world.
If this is reform, I'll take the old regime.
It's too bad that Baron Cohen and his regular director, Larry Charles, settled for simply rehashing Borat Sagdiyev.
Sacha Baron Cohen returns to form in this gleefully bad taste fish out of water comedy which kicks sand in the eye of political correctness.
The Dictator is like Coming To America with rape jokes.
Cohen is beginning to lose much of his early shock luster.
Sick semper tyrannis!
The film works on its own terms. While crude, there is an intelligence on display here and a method to the madness. (Full Content Parental Review also available)
As with any Cohen production, The Dictator is a hit-and-miss affair but thankfully there are more ticks in the former box than the latter.
As long as you can stomach such displays of ethnic intolerance as Asians being teased about confusing their l's and r's, Arabs referred to as sand monkeys, and Jews having urine poured on their heads, you're apt to enjoy this equal-opportunity offender.
Provocative, uncomfortable, irreverent, and oftentimes, laugh out loud funny.
No subject is considered off limits for comedy here, from George Clooney's sexuality to rape and chopping off heads.
Now [Cohen is] turning material both fresh and rancid into tepid gruel.
Love him or loath him, Cohen and his gonzo comedy aren't for everybody. But just remember, 70 years ago, neither was Charlie Chaplin.
A sweet movie, not unlike Charlie Chaplin's The Great Dictator, if less sentimental.
...combining Coming to America-like fish-out-of-water comedy with the tasteless anarchy of Team America: World Police...
There's a marked flatness to the film, a real heaviness. Jokes sink, energy is low.
[Baron Cohen] understands perfectly well whom the object of his rage should have been... It's just that as screenwriter, he couldn't figure out how to make the richly deserving powerful-and-corrupt the butt of comedic ire.
Based on The Dictator, I'd say Sacha Baron Cohen's reign of funny has come to an end.
The Dictator is a genuinely funny and entertaining film.
The Dictator is very funny. But with Baron Cohen and his work, the laughs were part of a bigger project. Now it seems to be the only point.
A large part of The Dictator is shoehorning Aladeen into awkward situations, an approach that works in the faux-doc format but feels forced here.
Not for the faint-hearted, political correctness has once again been abandoned by the British comedian for wanton buffoonery and slapstick satire.
The Dictator offers sidesplitting proof that, improvised or not, Cohen's gift for cultural caricature is still intact.
There are several jokes that overplay their hands, as if something that was only vaguely funny the first time around will become hilarious on its fourth repetition.
On the laughmeter The Dictator is closer to Borat than to the misfired Bruno, which is to say it's funny for about half of its brisk 83 minutes.
Perhaps its fatigue with Cohen's comedic impulses or some good old-fashioned lazy writing, but The Dictator, while occasionally hilarious, is mostly flat and uninspired.
Bottom line, I didn't laugh as much as I wanted to.
I only wish all dictators were this entertaining.
The Dictator has a flimsy plot and occasionally misfires but it also delivers several decent laughs (albeit highly offensive ones) and earns extra points for its ruthlessly short running time.
Standard gross-out comedy fare and surprisingly formulaic by Baron Cohen's usual standards.
Take away Cohen's ability to trap idiots into making fools of themselves is like stripping Superman of his ability to soar.
It builds up to this extraordinary finale and this speech he makes, which is like something out of Frank Capra practically.
You have to give Baron Cohen credit, not only for audaciousness (as he has proved with his worldwide promotional stunts for The Dictator) but for his complete commitment to every character he portrays.
For the most part it's a dumb gross-out comedy that's inches away from being an Adam Sandler movie.
[Baron Cohen]'s concocted what I think is his most sophisticated film to date.
Nothing here is sustained, neither the feel-good redemption narrative nor the insistence that the jolly hero is a genuinely fearsome monster.
A disappointing, often repulsive and mean-spirited mess of a film with seemingly only one real criterion on its agenda: to shock and offend.
Aladeen makes a witty speech. It details democracy's flaws with emphasis on the American brand, and it almost makes you like him -- which is fatal.
Utterly inappropriate yet intermittently entertaining feature certainly has its moments.
Within this often irreverent and anarchic film, is a measured and subversive piece of smartly constructed comedy.
Most of The Dictator had me neither laughing nor shocked, but just staring at the screen in anxious is-that-all-there-is? silence.
Consistently amusing, with a several laugh-out-loud set-pieces, including a classic scene aboard a tourist helicopter over Manhattan, the picture makes for a riotous and inspired comedy that doesn't outstay its welcome at a tight 84 minutes long.
The Dictator is certainly one of the most outrageous and distasteful ventures ever put to film. It is also pretty funny, too.
By cracking wise about subjects most people are hesitant even to mention, Cohen shows us where our boundaries are and then makes us question why we've put them there in the first place.
A mediocre knockoff of "Coming to America," if Prince Akeem had been both less funny, and a notorious war criminal
A bit scattershot and schticky, the film never quite settles into a consistent comic rhythm. Yet for fans of Baron Cohen's work there are plenty of moments of crass hilarity.
...an affable piece of work that benefits from the inclusion of several gut-bustingly hilarious bits of over-the-top comedy.
For the most part, the movie's rhythms feel slightly off -- there are long stretches without a laugh -- and there is a mean-spirited air to the whole thing.
Perhaps the best analog for this dictator is someone like Eric Cartman - you'd never want to know him, but you can't stop laughing anyhow, and occasionally root for him despite your better impulses.
The Dictator starts at outrageous and rockets on from there. Screw the occasional sputter.
The Dictator is loose and slap-happy and full of sharp political barbs and has funny actors moving in and out - and at a lickety-split 83 minutes, it doesn't wear out its welcome.
Sacha Baron Cohen's third starring feature, and the first to be fully scripted, is sharp as a scimitar in one scene and wobbly in the next, but it's unfailingly audacious.
You can feel the screenwriters and director Larry Charles laboring to pad the film out to its relatively brief 82-minute running time.
"The Dictator" is what you would expect from a movie starring Sacha Baron Cohen. It is outrageous, politically incorrect, homophobic and sexist. What it isn't is spontaneous.
Cohen is an equal opportunity humorist. It feels like half the audience is unhappy half the time, while the other half is laughing uproariously half the time.
One cannot help but wonder how far Cohen can take the offensiveness routine before audiences figure out he's a comedian with very few jokes.
For once, Baron Cohen has a real script and a supporting cast as skilled at improv as he is. And those complementary elements make a difference.
Directed by Cohen's longtime collaborator Larry Charles, The Dictator mixes its high and low comedy with surprising success.
It reasserts Baron Cohen as a comic force who can't be ignored, dedicated to pushing the envelope and working with real ideas.
It ends up being a lot less hilarious than "Borat,'' and not quite as funny as "Bruno.''
The comedian's mix of politics and gross-out humor is funny, but the story is predictable and lacks bite.
Cohen deserves credit for his audacity. He refuses to compromise and is willing to risk offending large segments of the audience in the meantime.
Since Cohen's screen-hogging makes the movie all about him, when he's not funny, The Dictator's not funny.
He may be playing a fascist but Sacha Baron Cohen's The Dictator is democratically offensive.
Unfortunately, the story - a parody of a Middle Eastern autocrat not unlike the late Muammar Gaddafi - is strained, and the parody dated.
The only achievement of Cohen's 'watch-me-shock-you!' third-rate buffoonery and Charles' sitcom-standard lensing is to do what Dubya Bush couldn't - bring down a murderous ruler ingloriously.
The Dictator is not a particularly inspired comedy but if I am to be fair, I must note that there are a few moments here and there where I did find myself laughing out loud.
Cohen's mockumentary and social satire tastes may not be everyone's cup of tea, but there can be no doubt he knows what he's about in that milieu. The formula of The Dictator is unfortunately, painfully, not a good fit.
The Dictator having been stripped of the attention-grabbing reality-show dimension of its predecessors, we are left wondering just what it is that this gifted comic is trying to express.
The Dictator is the sort of film the Farrelly brothers would be making - and certainly would like to make - if they were writing edgy shock-comedy scripts.
Baron Cohen's simplistic caricature has a robust enough personality to carry him through ... the fish-out-of-water story.
Although the character of Aladeen seems awfully predictable by Baron Cohen standards, the movie itself veers from one hilarious, absurd and patently offensive setup to the next...
"The Dictator" has no clothes.
Baron Cohen's demonstrations of political ''outrageousness'' feel all too canned, planned, and defanged.
Fans of Cohen needn't worry about the shift to a script. There's still plenty of room for the comic's trademarked outrageousness.
While tastelessness is rampant and the humor uneven, The Dictator also has its moments of slyly clever satire.
The reduction in spontaneity lowers the risks. Unsurprisingly, the best jokes fall closest to the old, topical template.
Sacha Baron Cohen and Larry Charles' The Dictator is indefensible and hilarious, an unruly thing that invites you to laugh at things you feel you shouldn't.
By turns hysterical, heretical, guilty, innocent, silly, sophisticated, teasing and tedious.
Even in its manufactured boundary-pushing-a flash of full-frontal Baron Cohen, another scene set partially inside a birth canal-The Dictator never really risks anything.
Much like "Borat" and "Bruno," people will probably still be talking about "The Dictator" in 10 years. The topic, though, won't be its bold, brazen comedy, but whether it emboldened Sacha Baron Cohen to greater challenges or mired him in mediocrity.
An uncomfortable mix of comic setpieces and a treacly plot about a dictator who just wants to be loved.
The Dictator has a few laughs along its bumpy path, but not enough of them to indicate that Cohen has found a means to escape the shadows of his early career and forge a second act for himself.
This isn't the last word on cinematic send-ups of totalitarianism -- for that, we still have Charlie Chaplin's The Great Dictator -- but it's a fine and riotous jab in the ribs.
One of the cleverest moments in Sacha Baron Cohen's The Dictator comes during the first five seconds: a memorial dedication to Kim Jong Il. It's all downhill from there.
Sacha Baron Cohen is too famous now to trick unsuspecting strangers a la "Borat." But The Dictator reveals his inability to disappear behind a character without an outrageous disguise.
Cohen's act wears thin...still, The Dictator has several memorable moments...
More envelope-pushing humor from Borat comedian.
I would say there were about 3 or 4 segments when I laughed very hard, a few when I chuckled and several when I just kept a straight face.
For all the movie's messiness and lack of conviction, Baron Cohen makes so many of his gags stick to the wall that it's easy to forgive the film's many flaws.
"The Dictator" is too short and undisciplined to be a world-class comedy, but its chutzpah deserves respect.
Cohen and Charles deserve kudos for departing from their usual formula of setting Cohen's crazed characters loose in the real world.
Potential is mostly squandered in "The Dictator," which gestures halfheartedly toward topicality and, with equal lack of conviction, toward pure, anarchic silliness.
Cohen is actually Chaplin's antithesis, a first-world bully content to target the Other.
[A] hugely offensive, outrageously funny farce.
This is Cohen's shock comedy at its most conventional, directed as usual by Larry Charles although not in the faux documentary style of previous collaborations.... Watching actors portray alarm isn't as hilarious as civilians doing it for real.
Baron Cohen's ditched his real-life guerilla attack routine but continues to embrace the same outrageous humor for a film that, while looking a lot like the dark side of Eddie Murphy's "Coming to America," is consistently funny on multiple levels...
The easily offended will be appalled. The rarely offended may be appalled. But they'll have to stop laughing long enough to realize it.
Terrorism and torture, anti-Semitism and pedophilia, onanism and armpit hair: They're all grist for the comic mill in Sacha Baron Cohen's latest assault on moviegoers' funny bones.
The Dictator keeps the gags coming as fast as it can manage, sometimes in big gross-out setpieces like an impromptu baby delivery, but more often in the general fusillade of hit-or-miss jokes that hit at a better-than-average rate.
A deft satire.. scabrous and deliciously observed, blending rudeness, visual gags, unexpected violence and other elements to create laughs.
It's a good-looking film, and while there's a somewhat scattershot rhythm to the overall narrative, each sequence works well on its own.
There is nary an awkward or horrifying scenario [Baron Cohen] won't subject himself to, and, despite the lack of fearless japery as seen in Borat and Bruno, The Dictator has its fair share of gleefully embarrassing, shudder-inspiring moments.
Has a few good moments of wit but overall it's like finding a needle in a pile of soiled nappies.
Never achieves the stinging parodic heights of Cohen's Borat movie, but manages a better batting average than his most recent misfire, Bruno.
Cohen and Charles offer a lot of admittedly witty observations, but they don't build into anything bigger or smarter. They're too broad.
Even the stoniest face will crack when Aladeen sums up our cultural moment in a rousing, uproarious climactic speech worthy of both Chaplin and Team America.
Pretty funny, but nowhere near as outrageous as it purports to be.
Alternately clever and cliché; occasionally potent but often bumpy, the comedy is a respectable mess.
I almost had a seizure from laughing in this film.
The Dictator does for Sacha Baron Cohen what The Love Guru did for Mike Myers.
Yes, you will be offended. But there's no hope of not laughing often at a film dedicated "in loving memory of Kim Jong-il."
Sacha mixes rowdy with ridiculously regal as the cuddle-deprived dictatorial jaded stud, fleeing for his life to Brooklyn. And discovering via the new and different boyish babe Anna Faris, sexual self-entertainment and how erotic hairy armpits can be.
An entertaining comedy that's consistently funny, periodically shocking and even a little bit smart.
Most of the bits are funny, but the film that connects them is flat, the performances -- especially Cohen's -- incomplete, under-developed and poorly cut together.
Many of the gags and lines of dialogue -- much of it improvised -- may sound funny on paper but fall flat onscreen
[VIDEO ESSAY] Sacha Baron Cohen takes political satire to new heights. "The Dictator" is the most fun I've had at the movies this year.
The parody is less focused than his previous movies, and the timing and rhythm of the film is a little off sometimes, but its fast-paced and often laugh-out-loud hilarious.
Transitioning back into a scripted dynamic after his quasi-documentary performance excursions with "Bruno" and "Borat," Baron Cohen loses none of his edge, combining slapstick inspiration and social commentary into a hilariously provocative blend.
It's hard to imagine anyone watching The Dictator and not finding at least a few of its jokes funny.
Not as good as Borat, but thankfully not Bruno, there are some huge laughs to be had. And no, I'm not praising the film because Aladeen threatened me ... though I wouldn't put it past him.
If nothing here offends you, take a bow on behalf of your stout constitution. If nothing here makes you laugh, you might need to loosen up a tad.
Though The Dictator feels disjointed at times... Cohen and co-writer Alex Berg strike a great balance between the obscene and shocking bits and the more clever gags.
This is a movie that may make you laugh or may make you squirm.
Its dolly- and crane-operated polish points toward an acquiescence to Tinseltown mores, which until now Baron Cohen hovered cheekily above.
The Dictator is a slogan t-shirt movie. It's funny momentarily; but tiresome, boring and flat out infantile the longer that you're forced to stare at it.
Although I'm no fan of Sacha Baron Cohen's work, I always find morsels of memorable satire or plain humour in his work, most of which relies on buffoonery, audacious bad taste and tickling the juvenile fancy
If it's racist, discriminatory, provocative, in bad taste, plain stupid or self-indulgent, Cohen has probably included it in the film - after all, his vulgarity, hit-or-miss skits & high-risk comedy with flashes of brilliance are his signature
In the kingdom of comedy there is currently only one ruler. Hail Sacha Baron Cohen!
Cohen at his best is both brazen and sly. As is The Dictator.
Not all comedy can be redeemed with gooey sentiment or a man hug in the final frames, but The Dictator makes good on its promise of a raunchy comedy with a worthy message, and delivers lowbrow yuks with high-minded intellect.
Of course it's offensive and tasteless. That's the point. Sometimes the jokes are excruciatingly funny.
The gags pride themselves on going for the jugular, though sometimes it can feel like a barrage of PC-bashing for the sake of it.
Fleet, funny, and smart enough to not overstay its welcome, it's a commentary-coated R-rated comedy with supreme box office potential.
Formulaic, yet scrappy, and extremely funny in fits and starts.
If a comedy is meant to make you laugh, mission accomplished. As a series of wonderfully grotesque set-pieces, The Dictator delivers.
The Dictator isn't as outrageous or screamingly funny as Borat. There are laughter-free stretches. And yet, the character of Admiral General Aladeen of the North African Republic of Wadiya, begins to grow on us.
The Dictator is funny, in addition to being obscene, disgusting, scatological, vulgar, crude and so on.
The Dictator perhaps spends a little too much time revisiting the same fish-out-of-water scenarios expertly mined by Borat, but it's a more satisfying all-round comedy than the uneven Bruno.
If close-to-the-bone humour is your thing, Sacha Baron Cohen's latest is just what the dictator ordered.
Clearly, Baron Cohen is a smart, gifted and versatile actor; it's time for him to stretch his abilities and dictate to himself a new kind of challenge.
Instead of exposing the bigoted idiocy onscreen, Baron Cohen exploits the audience's taste for the stupidly juvenile.
The Dictator feels almost exactly like a Saturday Night Live movie from the 90s.
Typically, political correctness couldn't be farther from the filmmakers' mind, and yet, what the pic most sorely lacks is the sort of humanist appeal Chaplin delivered at the close of The Great Dictator.
The film is consistently amusing, if never quite shocking or hilarious.
Not as offbeat and edgy as Borat and not as vulgar as Bruno, this is Baron Cohen's most mainstream film, containing political barbs, visual gags, and bathroom jokes that are often extremely funny.
The old comic spark is, sadly, MIA, and the humour is offensive in the most tiresome way possible.
Sacha Baron Cohen reaches new lows with The Dictator, confusing risqué comedy with repulsive humour that overthrows any attempt at making a stir with its political satire.
Instead of aiming for the prejudice or stupidity of its unsuspecting marks, this movie goes back to the typical film comedy formula, and comes up a winner.
When "The Dictator" wants to make a point, it does. When it doesn't, it moves steadily between strikingly clever and disappointingly immature.
THE DICTATOR doesn't measure up to BORAT, but is still wildly funny at times.
Fans of the nasty Baron Cohen may regret his being borderline nice in The Dictator. But we should welcome his decision to stop being the best at something few others dare try and instead to inhabit a more familiar comedy style.
Cohen employs a comic range that ricochets between wicked political barbs and the lowest anatomical farce, to often funny and occasionally hilarious effect.
While Baron Cohen's lanky physical slapstick and verbal manglings are funny, the movie begins to feel like one of the later, worn-out Pink Panther movies.
Good for more than its share of riotous laughs if a bit disjointed, The Dictator's timely material and Baron Cohen's outrageous, perceptive humour carry the day, with the comedian's fearlessness evident if not as keenly focused as it could be.
Not all of it is particularly amusing, but most of it is invigoratingly offensive.
Bold, shameless and outrageously funny. You'll laugh your head off.
It doesn't, in truth, offer much of a twist on the genre. It does, however, deliver laughs and weapons-grade offensiveness.
If the state of comedy is so desperate that a baby with a merkin has to be played for laughs, then it is perhaps time to start again from the top.
The Dictator may be the most conventionally structured of Sacha Baron Cohen's films -- it's essentially a romcom -- but to my mind it's the funniest.
Baron Cohen balances the stupid, outrageous, over-the-top stuff with almost, ahem, radically provocative observations and pronouncements...

@highlight

Wildly uneven but consistently provocative, The Dictator is a decent entry in the poli-slapstick comedy genre.