Sacrificing electricity and artistry, the portrait it paints is by-the-numbers rather than an original masterpiece.
As so often happens in films that begin with the phrase "Based on a true story," Pawn Sacrifice is a cunningly crafted entertainment that does a disservice to the people whose stories it co-opts.
Tobey Maguire puts up an intense performance as Fischer.
[Bobby] Fischer is still considered by many as the greatest chess player of all time. [Edward] Zwick's film invites us to ponder if that is enough.
Absorbing, handsomely crafted ...
Maguire, an actor I've always admired, is fine as Fischer, becoming more erratic and wild-eyed as his fame grows. However, the script is one-note.
There's no better metaphor for the film's plot than this sport. [Full review in Spanish]
A film that works because of the great performances by the two leads. [Full review in Spanish]
Histrionic Tobey Maguire is my least-favorite iteration of the actor, but he is certainly believable as the prodigal loon.
[Zwick] makes the historic matches come to life, such that even non-players will appreciate the gripping excitement and intellectual rigour to be found in the battle of wits that is chess.
'Pawn Sacrifice' takes all of those tropes and cranks them up to 11, far past the barometers of either believable human behavior or credible filmmaking.
Its desire to tell a small part of a historical firebrand's story is undermined by its reluctance - or inability - to get inside his mind.
A passionate and humanizing film. [Full review in Spanish]
The story of an extraordinary triumph and accurate portrayal of the Cold War era, remarkably well produced and told. [Full review in Spanish]
An Impeccably produced film with an interesting story that handles well the suspense. [Full review in Spanish]
An enjoyable film with great moments of suspense. [Full review in Spanish]
A movie about victory, loss, paranoia, and tolerance. It also includes one of the best performances ever by Maguire. [Full review in Spanish]
A portrait of the master chess player and world champion Bobby Fischer during his 'Game of the Century' against B. Spassky that falls short in its attempt to capture the singular epic feeling of the match.. [Full review in Spanish]
A movie that's more about the spectacle of chess than the life story of the greatest chess player in history. [Full review in Spanish]
The visuals and acting create an agile rhythm and compliment one another, helped by the dynamic editing (done by Steve Rosenblum)thel accents work in its favor by giving it some historical context. [Full Review on Spanish]
A sports biopic with all the cliches, anachronisms and sentimentalisms in the genre, but has good acting and directing. [Full review in Spanish]
The most engrossing sports tournament I've seen onscreen in years.
In the end, however, it seems Fischer is just a one-trick pony. Apart from chess, Fischer seems stunted as a human being. It is an interesting tale, and a sad one, about the thin line between genius and madness.
Yawningly dull Cold War chess drama squanders the charms and talents of Tobey Maguire (as Bobby Fischer) and Liev Schreiber (as Boris Spassky).
Pawn Sacrifice has all the pieces in place (ha ha) and yet it's missing that intangible spark necessary to elevate a biopic beyond the realm of dramatic reenactment.
Like all of Zwick's works, it's perfectly watchable fare, but it's often infuriating for its refusal to dig deeper into its incredibly compelling subject.
Landing somewhere between art-house and solid mainstream entertainment, Pawn Sacrifice probably owes its art-house cred to its cast, subject matter and screenwriter Steven Knight .
too literal and heavy-handed in its treatment, and Bobby emerges as yet another tortured genius who fell prey to his own demons, as if there is no other alternative.
It's ironic that a player as unconventional as Fischer should inspire such a thoroughly conventional biopic. Still, plain professionalism has its upside, if less spectacularly so than genius.
Essaying a complex character like Fischer isn't easy, but Maguire does a pretty admirable job of it.
A call to speak out against the neglect of those with untreated mental illness.
You know a movie's something special when it succeeds at generating tension and excitement from a game in which two people do little more than stare at a board and move pieces of wood. And does it ever.
[A] shallow, self-important biopic.
Part bio-pic/part-docudrama, it's a serious, strategic glimpse of eccentric chess genius Bobby Fischer...
It's a compelling watch because the genius chess player is really crazy.
"Pawn Sacrifice" makes the safe and smart decision to spend as little time on the chess pieces as possible, instead focusing on the minds of the players. And, in the case of Bobby Fischer, there is plenty to focus on.
Zwick's new movie, Pawn Sacrifice, somehow feels more like a struggle than a statement, and it's arguably his best movie in a couple of decades.
If you're better off skipping over the chess, why make a chess movie in the first place?
The film gets better as it moves along, but it's really about a guy who was beaten by life before he even got to the board.
Pawn Sacrifice is an engaging and well-made biopic with solid performances, but fails at being an insightful and thematically rich work of cinema.
Chess as a Cold War battlefield. I love this Ed Zwick film. Maguire Schreiber, Stuhlbarg, Rabe and Sarsgaard are great.
[Zwick] remains respectful of Fischer and his legacy, but also checks the record. It's a bittersweet depiction, a transcendent Horatio Alger tale entwined in a Greek tragedy.
Fascinating Fischer biopic deals with mental instability.
Stick to the HBO documentary. The film is accurate to the historical events but ironically the documentary has more drama than the fictional treatment.
Tobey Maguire gives a career best performance as the brilliant, but erratic chess champion Bobby Fischer in 'Pawn Sacrifice'.
All of this, including the movie's emphasis on these paranoid beliefs, might be true, but on a dramatic level, that emphasis leads to something more monotonous than insightful.
Fine-looking but safe ...
Maguire ... strikes a consistent and believable note throughout, and never leaves us in doubt as to the severity of Fischer's deteriorating condition.
Archived news reports and a Dick Cavett interview fit seamlessly into the dramatic recreations, as do era-specific rock tunes.
Despite his best emoting, Maguire ultimately comes across as Peter Parker with a mole and a bad haircut.
Plodding and dramatically simplistic, it has the bones of a big, important biopic without actually being one.
Genius is fascinating, particularly when it is complicated, as it always seems to be.
It's Hollywood hokum hugged around a sour little arthouse movie trying to chew its way out.
Seems to have been made not because someone had insight into the chess champion's character, but because someone realized Bobby Fischer was famous but didn't have a biopic yet.
A superficial biography of a complex man.
Features a showboat performance from Tobey Maguire as the increasingly disturbed Fischer, along with a more composed one from Liev Schreiber as the taciturn Spassky.
Maguire isn't obvious casting, but he convincingly owns the role...The actor pairs an oft-fevered, disheveled aspect with the fierce impatience and unwillingness to suffer fools that attend genius.
The suspense of Pawn Sacrifice is getting Fischer sane enough so that he can sit down across from his opponent and focus. We end up as impatient as those poor souls sitting in Reykjavík, looking at our watches.
There's much to recommend it... thanks to some sharp lines from screenwriter Steven Knight and first-rate performances.
The challenge of "Pawn Sacrifice" was to capture the colorful Cold War '70s, the inner strategies of one man's paranoid mind and make chess cinematic. Check, and mate.
Edward Zwick's "Pawn Sacrifice" is an enthralling piece of mainstream entertainment that captures the essence of Fischer's mad genius, perfectly re-creates the tenor of the times AND works as a legit sports movie about the great game of chess.
There was more to Fischer than just paranoia, although that's the part of him that gets the most attention here.
Whether you know nothing about the game, or you are a grand master, the story of Bobby Fischer's rise to the world championship, and the toll it took on his already fragile psyche, has all the suspense and intrigue of an espionage thriller.
A sad example of the inherent difficulties of dramatizing a cerebral face-off like the 1972 battle royale between chess masters Bobby Fischer and Boris Spassky.
Maguire does the maniacal, wild-eyed material quite well, and is credible throughout as a chess whiz. Schreiber is terrific as Spassky, whom Zwick presents as a bit of a character in his own right.
A solid piece of filmmaking and storytelling about a bygone cultural event that caught the public's attention and made a hero out of a man who wasn't looking to be that. (Full Content Review - Sex, Profanity, etc. - for Parents also available)
In cinematic terms, Zwick's film may not possess the unhinged brilliance of its subject, but Fischer's story--and Maguire's committed portrayal of him--carry the day.
There are other good performances, including a small one by Peter Sarsgaard as Fischer's chess trainer, but overall this is a film in which, as the end credit documentary footage attests, the real story overwhelms its dramatization.
Zwick, who made the exceptional nuclear thriller, "Special Bulletin," once more proves his gift for generating suspense in his handling of the chess games the whole world watched in the early 1970s.
It's the cast that's really the key here. Yes, Maguire has developed both a physicality and a voice for Fischer, and he's working hard to become more and more unhinged, but it's the supporting players who ground the movie in reality.
There's pleasure in the film's look and the dialogue, but director Edward Zwick overworks his presentation - too much exposition, too many closeups, too many bits of period footage, too many visual gimmicks - and neglects his characters and situations.
"Pawn Sacrifice" is first-class right up to its incomplete endgame.
In one of his strongest and most impressive performances, Maguire goes all in on Fischer's quirks and insecurities. Although Fischer is unquestionably a genius, he's not an easy person to like, and Maguire brilliantly gets that point across.
Screenwriter Steven Knight sticks with the popular notion that genius and lunacy grow on the same vine, which doesn't tell us much about Fischer in particular but certainly conforms to the sad trajectory of his life.
Maguire in the role [of Bobby Fischer] is compelling.
Biopics are a dime a dozen, but Tobey Maguire gives such a transfixing, transformative performance as chess master Bobby Fischer that you're hooked.
It offers up easy explanations of the world, Fischer, and everything else rather than go into depth on anything.
Is anybody better at playing a dotty, preoccupied genius than Tobey Maguire?
Maguire delves into the soul-tearing madness that clearly enveloped Fischer during his later life. His performance dominates the movie like Fischer's skill dominates the chess board in a surprisingly tragic twist on a winning story.
Overall, the movie presents a worthy and historical look at the link between genius and mental illness.
As Fischer, Tobey Maguire is outstanding at capturing the man's intensity, arrogance and single-mindedness, while ensuring that the audience stops short of dismissing him as a talented screwball.
It's a fitfully entertaining and well-acted movie that doesn't quite come together-though maybe the frustrating lack of resolve is appropriate for Fischer's arc-resistant life.
While the first half of the film is a bit too by-the-numbers, the second half is good enough to make it worth sticking it out.
No reason to tell a story if you're going to tell it like this.
... only occasionally sparks to life and too often lacks depth and context in its clinical study of Fischer's behavior and mannerisms.
Pawn Sacrifice is a character study without much character.
Great effort went into making "Pawn Sacrifice," about chess beast Bobby Fischer (Tobey Maguire), into a powerfully bland biopic ... But Fischer is too dodgy to be made safe.
Maguire nails Fischer's cockiness, his Brooklyn accent, and the way his eyes dart everywhere before locking in on the only thing that interests him, the chess board. He misses by making Fischer's mental problems too overtly crazy.
Utimately, it is only partly about Bobby Fischer. It is equally about us - Americans or any other nationality inclined to put too much importance on chess matches, soccer matches, space races, whatever.
"Pawn Sacrifice" is a solid and entertaining addition to the Fischer film canon.
I was on the edge of my seat watching this movie.
It's best appreciated as a tragicomic profile of a man whose extraordinary talent was undermined by the farcical political reality in which he was enmeshed.
Pawn Sacrifice clicks along with crisp efficiency. Zwick, the director behind movies like Glory and Blood Diamond, is old-school in his attention to craftsmanship, alive to telling details.
Quite good, but not quite the first "great" movie of the fall.
[I]n executing a predictable narrative strategy, Zwick effectively gives away all of his moves in advance.
Edward Zwick tries his damndest to resurrect Bobby Fischer from fable and forgetfulness and mostly succeeds, thanks to a powerful performance by Tobey Maguire
A perfect fit for more serious audiences, thanks to solid work on both sides of the camera.
Despite the rigid yet slapdash filmmaking, the movie conveys the outsized fascination and mystery of a tormented genius at work.
A riveting performance from Toby Maguire as mentally ill chess champion Bobby Fischer dominates an assured but unremarkable biopic.
Aided by a prickly, career-best turn from Tobey Maguire, Pawn Sacrifice is a mostly fascinating look at chess iconoclast Bobby Fischer.
Tobey Maguire does a great job
Zwick's film sets the stage for a brilliant intellectual showdown, then hides away its content, as if worried he's going to scare us off with too much chess. He castles and fritters away his pieces, angling for a dull draw.
While not as compelling as BOBBY FISCHER AGAINST THE WORLD, still a very worthwhile film.
Tobey Maguire gives an angry, bristling performance as chess champ Bobby Fischer in Edward Zwick's conventionally effective biopic.
The gripping period film, rigorous in its reconstruction of the recent past, proves that the game of chess can be cinematic in well-edited doses, and that Tobey Maguire as Fischer can sustain a serious, albeit quirky drama.
This well-acted and handsomely crafted biopic is not a total checkmate, but takes the queen all the same.
"Pawn Sacrifice" whips up a dervish of energy and is mostly engaging, yet the movie isn't a definitive checkmate. The narrative ferocity is unable, try as it might, to smooth over some of the bumps in the story and gaps in the plotting.

@highlight

Anchored by a sensitive performance from Tobey Maguire, Pawn Sacrifice adds another solidly gripping drama to the list of films inspired by chess wiz Bobby Fischer.