Excellent cinematography and performances make this tremendous real-life story worth a film worth seeing. [Full review in Spanish]
For the big screen, it didn't hold up as strong but did manage to hash out a good story led by strong performances regardless.
Each performance is pitch-perfect, distracting the audience from the fact that this is ultimately Lifetime TV Movie fodder, and seducing them into believing that it really is a triumphant film about the enduring power of family loyalty.
Blandly inspirational, with a minimum of you-go-girl montages and even less suspense.
Conviction is way too routine, not fleshed out enough and rather uninspired. I'd recommend it for a watch just for the performances alone but that's it.
It has pretty much every cliche for Oscar season you're likely to see.
'Conviction' seldom fails to win on appeal.
Hilary Swank won her two Oscars for other films, but this may be her best performance yet.
Hilary Swank delivers in this compelling tale of a woman who attends law school to prove her brother's innocence in court.
What the film ends up being is a by-the-numbers procedural that takes us from Kenny's arrest to his sister trying to get him free to the inevitable outcome.
It's based on a true story, which is a very inspiring story, sure ... but as a drama, it just isn't interesting.
La historia tiene todos los elementos de esas típicas películas para televisión basadas en hechos reales. Pero las estupendas actuaciones de Hilary Swank y Sam Rockwell la convierten en una opción digna y emotiva.
full review at Movies for the Masses
Jaw set resolutely forward but upper lip aquiver with emotion, Hilary Swank plays a remarkable crusader for justice in this stirring true-story drama.
I can see why director Tony Goldwyn has been drawn to the story for over a decade. I'm just not sure the end result completely works.
This Lifetime movie is a really good Lifetime movie, cut thick like a fried potato wedge at Chili's, dipped in Academy Award-flavored dressing and, dang it, kind of moving. And I told myself I wouldn't cry.
It's a little too convinced of its own righteousness and doesn't see enough need for character doubt or drama. In many spots in fact it's quite good, but it thinks it's better than it is and doesn't see any reason to make it's own case.
Conviction is unashamedly straightforward in showing how a lot of hard work and sheer willpower was able to correct an injustice.
Goldwyn isn't an amazing director, but there are pretty good performers in this film.
Hilary Swank and Sam Rockwell, the latter portraying Kenny as an uncontrollable force of nature, and also Melissa Leo, who is quietly powerful as the arresting officer, are all excellent.
It's a painful film, but not for the best reasons.
If Conviction had felt as edgy and urgent as Lewis' performance, brimming with surprising comedy and unhinged tension, then it would be far more enticing.
A fascinating story which has been told in a not-so-fascinating manner.
Director Tony Goldwyn does a good job telling a complicated story.
A film of such relentless and fantastical mediocrity that it almost denies the concept of criticism.
While it's overly earnest in places, this inspiring story never veers into excessive sentimentality and is driven by a handful of great performances.
At times it feels like a TV movie, never quite achieving the gravitas and emotional heights it deserves, despite strong performances by Hilary Swank and Sam Rockwell.
The fact that it is directed with a sub-Shawshank regard for tact and restraint is neither here nor there; this is a potent, superbly-acted tale of determination in the face of enormous adversity...
Commendable without being especially electrifying, Conviction is held together by committed performances, despite a relative lack of flair in other departments.
A major plus is that little attempt is made to make the wrongly convicted brother appear likable.
Despite good intentions and moving moments it could almost be a television movie.
Hilary Swank and Sam Rockwell certainly throw themselves into in this true-life crime drama. But Conviction wouldn't look out of place as a Channel 5 matinée and sits uneasily on the big screen.
It's a great story but, the acting apart, plonkingly told.
While script, pacing and direction all give this the feel of a TV movie, it's the performances that elevate it.
Schmaltzy and lacking dramatic drive.
Conviction is a remarkable true story that provides Swank with a meaty central role that wrings tears and fury in equal measure.
The facts of this true story are truly remarkable, so it's a pity that Tony Goldwyn's TV movie-style drama has contrived to muffle rather than magnify them.
The cast ... commit themselves beyond the call of duty, and, in Juliette Lewis's case, virtually beyond the call of sanity.
Earnest, dull...
There's a whiff of "TV movie of the week" about this tale of one woman's crusade against injustice, but, like the similarly themed Erin Brockovich, there's also much to recommend it.
It's an interesting, if fairly predictable and rather drawn-out story...
It's all dreadful, it's all glutinous, it's all trite. It's all pie-eyed beyond the dreams of Reader's Digest.
It's a solid, workmanlike affair with the feel of a high-end TV movie even if every setback is telegraphed...
Traditional and unambitious it may be, but 'Conviction' is a good tale persuasively told.
It's okay in a TV movie way, but disappointing given all the obvious potential of the real story.
Erin Brockovich without the baps.
The best that can be said for Tony Goldwyn's by-the-numbers Conviction is that it never offends.
As it goes along, the story dips a little too easily into sentimental melodrama, although this also gives the actors plenty to chew on
Swank and Rockwell elevate a solid drama that tells its tall tale with, yes, conviction. It's not exactly the whole truth, though.
If you can get past the profanity, this true story of a sister's astonishing effort to free her imprisoned brother is a powerful, Oscar-worthy triumph.
The heart of the movie, though, is the unwavering devotion between Betty Anne and Kenny, who were raised in the most harrowing of circumstances and yet survived by clinging to each other and watching each other's backs.
It is a very compelling movie, despite the fact that the story hops around back and forth in its time line like a crazed wallaby.
If there were a Dummies Guide to winning an Oscar, this film would make a great case study.
Hand over Juliette Lewis' Oscar already!
Unimaginative film.
I charge director Tony Goldwyn and screenwriter Pamela Gray with ineffective assistance of counsel.
Conviction a compelling tale of determination.
Exactly what you would expect: a high-minded, fact-based, super-earnest, drama-thon, with an attempt at an uplifting, soul-stirring ending.
While millions of other viewers were understandably getting the daylights scared out of them at 'Paranormal Activity 2' or 'Saw 3D,' the real horror appeared in a much more subdued, and more entertaining, way on a neighboring screen.
Hilary Swank offers another stunning performance!
Conviction wins you over thanks to Swank's convincing performance as a woman who stops living her own life in her dogged pursuit of justice for her brother.
Because the setup is so carefully realized and these characters so well drawn, it's easier to forgive the part of the movie that seems too familiar.
Two-time Oscar winner Hilary Swank wins the case.
Based on a limp script that holds more padding and melodrama than genuine tension, it all feels like one big wasted opportunity.
The only thing distinguishing Conviction from a Lifetime TV movie is the star power.
Swank soars back to the acting heights audiences have loved her for and her commitment to the character gives the title of the movie a double meaning.
Truth is stranger than fiction as this impressive movie proves over and over again.
Two-time Oscar-winner Hilary Swank goes for the trifecta, but it's supporting actor Sam Rockwell who's more likely to earn Academy Award recognition...
The movie suffers from sloppy screen-writing and poor execution... it still is superior to a prime-time television movie of the week.
Ultimately, the finale will have audience members on their feet, but for the wrong reason - not as part of a standing ovation but in an effort to beat a hasty retreat to the exit.
The movie is a fairly boilerplate affair about the long, hard slog to fight injustice, though, to be fair, most of the personal slog is left out of the drama.
The real driving force behind the picture is the strong showing from a cast well-heeled in these emotionally hefty, dogged-determination films.
Conviction does have enough going for it in the way of acting, directing and editing, but the lack of chemistry and the predictable screenplay make it extremely difficult to connect with the material emotionally.
A bit too plodding and obvious. On the plus side, Conviction offers the talents of America's most under-appreciated actor: Sam Rockwell
OPENING DAY REVIEW. Heartwarming but lacking grit. With just two scenes, Juliette Lewis walks off with the movie.
Despite the long haul that the siblings endure, Goldwyn and screenwriter Pamela Gray give the story an immediacy and dramatic tension.
A movie that really isn't a legal thriller, but a family drama that happens to take place in the courtroom.
If Samuel L. Jackson is the badass with a gun, and Diane Keaton is the funny hat lady, then Hilary Swank is the poor bumpkin with a big heart and bigger dream.
It's a true story, it has underdogs fighting against the odds, and its message is noble and worthwhile.
As single mom Betty Anne Waters, Swank is a marvel.
We know that two-time Oscar winners like Hilary Swank aren't cast as courtroom crusaders who lose. Sitting through all the flimsy circumstantial evidence, cover-ups and bouts of doubt is simply what we must do before receiving our happy ending.
The only award Conviction really deserves is one for Most Obvious Awards Season Subject Matter.
A slightly less egregious piece of Oscar bait than last year's Amelia, and a perfectly palatable acting showcase for nearly everyone involved.
Shamelessly manipulative, as the humorless, heavy-handed script only superficially skims the dramatic surface of this true story of devotion and sacrific.
Sam Rockwell turns Conviction into his latest "For Your Consideration" ad.
The real driving force behind the picture is the strong showing from a cast well-heeled in these emotionally hefty, dogged-determination films.
Conviction has its world-shattering (and predictable) moments, but audiences love small victories like this one.
Just because it's a true story doesn't mean we need to watch it.
It's a solid if somewhat straightforward story of sacrifice and allegiance.
The movie tells an unbelievable story, one that will outrage and -- yes -- inspire you.
Tony Goldwyn directed a cast that ranges from the excellent (Minnie Driver as a fellow attorney, Melissa Leo as a crooked cop) to the laughable (Juliette Lewis as a trashy woman whose perjured testimony helps put the brother away).
What makes Conviction worth seeing is its depiction of a self-immolating crusader.
Hilary Swank shows more grit and pluck than a KFC in the Sahara
Terrific performances elevate this inspirational courtroom/procedural drama above the standard Hollywood based on a true story fare.
A film that is so awash in its own tears, it has no need of ours. Swank's character is so joyless, so self-sacrificing that, by comparison, Mother Teresa seems positively minx-like.
Conviction is humane, moving and, even though you can probably predict the outcome, it manages to find surprise after surprise along the way.
Betty-Anne Waters' story is better than the film itself. Though, the performances are very strong especially from Juliette Lewis who deserves an Oscar nomination.
[Sam Rockwell has] a career-making performance as we see him go from disbelief to despair to, possibly, hope.
In the hands of Hilary Swank, Sam Rockwell and a strong supporting cast, this earnest film manages to tug a few heartstrings and say something important in the process.
[Swank] fails to ever really make us care about, let alone buy into, Betty Anne as a human being.
Familiar and conventional doesn't mean it can't also be formidable. Conviction is earnest, it is stirring and ultimately, it delivers.
Thankfully, the strong performances make it easy to watch. I just wish the filmmakers had the conviction to make this into a truly great film. (Parental Review also Available)
A highly competent, oftentimes quite impressive piece of work with one sizable debit: director Tony Goldwyn wrongfully opts to not be forthcoming to his audience in the end.
Swank's purity of essence is nicely paired with Rockwell, who is more arch and complicated and would look guilty doing mission work in Mumbai. It's a special quality Rockwell has.
A well-meaning drama that contains absolutely zero surprises. As a film that got a lot of early mentions for Oscar contention, there's no denying Conviction registers as a disappointment.
Tony Goldwyn's Conviction tells a great story that deserves a great movie, but settles for a mediocre one.
It earns head-pat adjectives like "admirable" and "inspiring" and "restrained" and "well-acted" and "solidly crafted," but never quite stirs the deeper passions.
It's better than OK, a worthy, well-told story, but less than brilliantly entertaining.
How did they convince Hilary Swank and Sam Rockwell that this was worth doing? Was it the faint whiff of Oscar bait? You'd think that Swank knows what that smells like, and this movie isn't it.
It's a noble enterprise, and a remarkable story, but it's not a movie that will set you free.
The actors work very hard, but the movie often feels gridlocked, as we wait for DNA science to emerge, for Betty Anne to discover a dusty box of evidence, to test it, etc.
The acting certainly elevates the movie -- Minnie Driver, Juliette Lewis and Melissa Leo are also quite good -- but Conviction remains a good movie that should have been better.
The actors' sharp performances make Betty Anne's every victory and setback visceral.
An example of this often shameless genre done right ... Gratuitous statue bait though it might be, it handles itself with poise, class, and a knack for avoiding the standard mawkish potholes.
Essentially a Lifetime Network movie, but a pretty good one...though it's fairly predictable, the general level of execution--especially on the acting side--takes the material to a higher level.
Bears many of the marks of prominent award-season films -- a genuinely interesting true story with a plucky heroine overcoming extraordinary odds.
Conviction comes with the tagline that it is based on an "incredible true story." Not all great stories make for great movies though.
This kind of film has been made before and much better.
Swank and Rockwell both play to type, but they do it well, and contributions from Melissa Leo, Juliette Lewis and Peter Gallagher do the job too.
Two central performances that are entirely better than the script deserves are the only thing keeping the movie from floating right off the screen and dissolving in mid-air.
Conviction is the kind of more-bland-than-truly-bad Oscar bait that, to its credit, displays genuine affection for its characters.
Swank is overeager and humorless, and I got tired of looking at her big choppers, but for all that I liked her.
catnip to awards-season voters but eat-your-vegetables stuff to audiences thanks to its "true life" bona fides and execution that gives it the emotional satisfaction of an above-average segment on '60 Minutes.'
While it doesn't strike me as a major Oscar contender, it's still an enjoyable true life tale that would make a solid DVD rental at some point.
Sam Rockwell gives one of the best performances of the year.
Juliette Lewis's 10 minutes deserve a Best Supporting Actress nomination.
Solidly directed and superbly acted, this is an enjoyable true life drama that packs a powerful emotional punch.
Director Tony Goldwyn's choice of Swank to portray Betty Anne is a stroke of genius. No one could have gotten inside this real life person as well as the two-time Academy Award winner.
Because this is based on truth, Betty Anne's DNA search is really the focal point of the story, one that glues our attention to the screen.
Goldwyn refuses to overplay his hand, refuses to give into pap sentimentality that would drown the emotion oozing from the screen, and as such the film comes to a suitably rousing conclusion that earned my tears honestly.
Intense, fact-based crime drama celebrates family ties.
Histrionic, melodramatic, heavy-handed, and with no self-awareness at all... Rockwell's performance seems pretty lazy, throwing in dramatically convenient rage. His scenes appear pre-programmed, he either has to be excited or suicidal.
The storytelling lacks both conviction and comprehension, something confirmed by the elision of a final, crushing detail.
Ultimately, there's just not much tension or drama evident in a film that should be rife with it.
An interesting experiment in tone and narrative that, while getting the job done, definitely fails to fulfill the promise of the premise.
Hilary Swank shines in the kind of role she specializes in: gritty, determined, single-minded and stubborn.
Swank and Rockwell form a strong bond, and Gray and Goldwyn's compassionate glimpse into the lives of these two determined people gives even the more standard elements merit.
Oscar calibre acting, a time fragmented structure that works beautifully until the film pulls completely into the present in its third act and an authenticity of time and place...
Even Lifetime isn't making Lifetime movies like this anymore. And there's a reason for that.
The quality of the acting is consistently high and Mr. Rockwell's crackling energy goes a long way toward compensating for the film's predominantly earnest tone.
Two-time Best Actress Oscar winner Swank needn't clear any space on her mantel for acknowledgment of her participation in this soapy redneck opus, which really belongs on Lifetime rather than in theaters.
The filmmakers are merely translating a story to the big screen, rather than telling one; the movie never strides fearlessly forward or comes to life.
If you were wondering when Hollywood would get around to making more pandering, easily digested legal procedurals like The Hurricane, your long wait is over.
Just because some truth is stranger than fiction doesn't necessarily make it better than fiction, more compelling or more dramatic or even more convincing than fiction.
The talents of a number of superb actors are stifled by an airless, by-the-numbers story.
The lack of flavor to elevate it from simple movie-of-the-week theatrics to the actual impact of cinematic convictions lessens this story focus and keeps us distracted as we look for the Lifetime logo to appear in the bottom corner.
If regarded with the suspension of disbelief required of any old-fashioned tearjerker, the movie wields some immersive power.
Conviction is an inelegant but compelling mishmash, worth seeing for a terrific female-centric cast...
Swank continues to show startling skill in fully inhabiting a character, as does Sam Rockwell, who plays her brother, Kenny.
The verdict is in: Conviction is a standard but stirring legal drama.
While Swank is at her most earnest here, she's very good; and as a guy only a sister could love, Rockwell gives a beautifully nuanced, unexpectedly touching performance.
More cable TV heart-tugger than major motion picture, Conviction nevertheless hits home on the strength of three solid performances.
Swank's strength as an actress is in the integrity she gives working-class characters, and her steeliness helps Tony Goldwyn's movie move past its by-the-numbers structure.
The film falls short of delivering the outrage and uplift that should have come easy for this true-life fight against justice denied.
Goldwyn and his cast and crew have made a movie as well-made as it is well-intentioned, but its noble glowing warmth could have used a lot more fire.
It's better than some network shows. It's a cable movie.
The movie itself is less remarkable than the story behind it, but it benefits from Tony Goldwyn's low-key direction and a very solid supporting cast.
rarely compelling, no matter how hard it tries
Conviction sweetens the true story it's based on, and director Tony Goldwyn dutifully connects the dots in Pam Gray's screenplay.
Takes a painfully dark and tragic story and squanders it with emotional button-pushing movie formula.
The feature certainly has its movie-of-the-week inclinations, but the overall communication of loyalty and resolve permits the film a soulfulness that scrubs away the suffocating familiarity.
There are times when clichés can be comforting and even profound in their familiarity, and then there are times when they're just, well, clichés. Conviction largely traffics in the latter.
An old-fashioned underdog drama in the best sense of the term...This film by Tony Goldwyn gets under your skin and proves itself worth your attention.
A Best Picture hopeful? Or a watered-down marriage between The Hurricane and Erin Brockovich? Perhaps both.
Little by little, performance by performance, director Tony Goldwyn's fact-based rouser develops into something fresh and fully inhabited.
The story generates that kind of urgency we feel when a character is obviously right and is up against stupidity and meanness. It delivers.
Feels like the unsatisfying greatest hits of a true story--with important album tracks left out and sequenced in the most distracting order possible.
Who killed Katharina Brow, and is Hilary Swank her generation's Meryl Streep? These are questions you might ask yourself after watching Tony Goldwyn's true-crime-and-redemption drama "Conviction," based on a real Ayer, Mass., murder.
When she lands the right part, Swank delivers with as much conviction as anyone working in Hollywood today.
A tale of justice served told with respectful restraint by director Tony Goldwyn (A Walk on the Moon) and screenwriter Pamela Gray (ditto).
...a stalwart, though thoroughly predictable yarn - there should be intrigue but, knowing in advance exactly what is coming, that cannot happen.
Filled with nuance, intricate emotion and a refreshing absence of melodramatics, Conviction is a moving exploration of light and love shining through the darkness of despair. Its impact cannot easily be shaken.
[A] lumpy, based-on-a-true-story slab of uplift.
Goldwyn blunts every potentially sharp edge from his film.
Swank's unsubtle performance is often an extension of the bluntly dumb lines she and other cast members must deliver.
This devastating drama says as much about mistaken identity as a US court system which - as with running for elections - necessitates a hefty price tag. And essentially closes its doors to those without money to afford that item called justice.
Tony Goldwyn's deceptively rote telling of one woman's 18-year effort to exonerate and free her brother from prison for a murder he didn't commit, packs more of an emotional punch than expected.
The incredible true story of a crusading sister and the love that animates her to devote eighteen years of her life to free her brother from prison.
This fact-based film is well acted by Hilary Swank and Sam Rockwell, but its narrative approach is too conventional and simplistic in its effort to tell an inspirational, against-all-odds legal triumph, neglecting vital dramatic issues.
A stirring,unforgettable motion picture experience. Superbly acted and a courageous story of one woman who made a difference. It deserves to be seen.
Conventional yet surprisingly moving...
An inspiring true story is told with too many false notes and unexamined questions.
Swank and Rockwell are very effective as siblings locked at the hip and their scenes together smack of a real shared history.
Go in with low expectations and be willing to catch a few good, surprising things amid the standard-level drama you already saw coming.

@highlight

Less compelling -- and more manipulative -- than it should be, Conviction benefits from its compelling true story and a pair of solid performances from Swank and Rockwell.