In avoiding zombie clichés, the filmmakers forgot to replace them with anything else.
Overall, The Night That Eats the World is an interesting experiment of a genre that rarely tends to surprise us, an original proposal of a subject already seen that does not succeed in its proposal but dares and is what matters. [Full Review in Spanish]
This is one of the most imaginative, bloody and entertaining stories about a separation... [Full Review in Spanish]
"The Night Eats the World" isn't above borrowing from other zombie movies - the frenzy of "28 Days Later" here, the dark humor of "Shaun of the Dead" there - but it does so in an engaging way.
The Night Eats the World occasionally concocts moments of peril to keep the material from devolving into torpor. But by and large, torpor is its main subject - as is the discontent it breeds.
A different mood from most zombie films, which proves to be refreshing. It's less mayhem-oriented, quieter, more drama than horror (though not without its horror).
The Night Eats the World breathes calmly, with an almost soothing element throughout.
Dominique Rocher's vision of this horror scenario feels so refreshing.
Sam's strong feelings of estrangement, evident right from the outset, are what propel this unusual and engaging spin on the zombie post-apocalypse.
Things are kept gritty, small-scale, and honest. Emotions are raw, human and relatable in a way that the overblown World War Z could only dream of.
The film is a neat twist on the well-worn terrain of zombie stories...
There's a powerful supporting performance by Golshifteh Farahani, whom few in the profession can match in terms of the amount of history and complex emotion she can convey in just a few brief scenes.
To Rocher's credit, this is not nearly as tedious as it sounds.
No matter how spare and arty "The Night Eats the World" is, there's nothing here that hasn't been done before.
The makeup design and chase scenes are rote, and the little dramatic conflict - arguments over where to hide - traffic in the oldest clichés in the genre.
If you don't get too hung up on the film's many contrivances - particularly its uninspired finale and any scene where Lie speaks - you might find The Night Eats the World to be sufficiently moody.
Dominique Rocher reinvigorates the zombie film only to succumb to the strictures of the coming-of-age romance.
A scary zombie movie with insight about the horrifying world that can linger outside of our doors.
A quiet contemplative Parisian zombie movie, or that was the intention. Dull.
Part I Am Legend and part All is Lost, The Night Eats the World is an endearing, tragic, and above all entertaining watch.
The Night Eats The World is engaging, emotional, scary, and simply a masterpiece. This is the kind of movie that takes the tried and true subject of zombies and gives it a wonderful twist.
Even as the story drifts off, Night Eats the World derives its power from a beguiling, provocative implication: It's hard to confront a hostile world, but gathering the courage to do so doesn't make the job any easier.
"The Night Eats the World" just feels like several rudderless months stuck in a building with a guy who probably wasn't all that fascinating before zombies struck, and isn't any more so now.
Has some clever ideas and well-crafted moments, but in terms of horror fodder, it's so pared down you'll practically miss it if you blink.

@highlight

The Night Eats the World finds a few unexplored corners in the crowded zombie genre, with a refreshing emphasis on atmosphere and character development.