Point Break comes across as a string of admittedly amazing action sequences and sports feats with the rest of the film haphazardly built up around it.
Time and again it's close to awful, hamstrung by bad acting, silly dialogue (to be fair, there was a lot of that in the original) and the appalling depiction of women.
... it's actually enjoyable as a stupid movie.
Point Break is a disaster.
The crew are almost impossible to differentiate and barely have their own personalities.
While the stunts are impressive, they lack the impact needed to make Point Break memorable - to make it more than just a misguided mimicry. It ends up being just that.
Even with the amazing stunt work and excellent cinematography, it's all just going through the motions, dragging us in to the closing credits.
Core and Wimmer don't just make a bad movie, they make one so terrible it's flabbergasting just how ghastly it actually is.
The fatal flaw of Point Break is that it's trying to be smarter than it is and the plot becomes convoluted.
Colossally ugly lifestyle porn, managing to make towering Alpine peaks, severely blue Mediterranean waves, and the profound greens of the Mexican jungle all look equally filthy.
There is motocross, mountaineering and wingsuit flying. The movie practically sweats Red Bull. [Still,] some of the charming ridiculousness of the original is retained.
Lest we forget, the original was grand. By comparison, this rickety and hilariously misjudged effort looks like one of those migraine-inducing, adventure-themed promo clips you'd skip on YouTube.
This is solid proof that dynamic sports footage does not make an effective crime thriller.
If you like to see people pushing themselves to the physical brink, parts of the movie will absolutely hold your attention. If only the plot was that compelling.
Point Break aspires to be a decent remake, but winds up being one of the most boring action films ever made.
A complete failure. Who would've thought? [Full review in Spanish]
This iteration of Point Break effectively serves as a blueprint of exactly how not to reboot an action film.
Relentless action cannot dispel the toxic levels of claptrap that stink up this po-faced, slow-witted remake.
Core revels in the beauty of nature and the danger of taming it, but showing such is meaningless if the plot is so weak it barely strings the destinations together.
We're left scratching our head, wondering what it was all for.
Bracey's emotionally scarred Johnny Utah is so wooden he makes Keanu look like Kenneth Branagh.
Point Break? More like Point Miss.
This is a high-grade action thriller that -- dare I suggest it? -- redeems the Point Break brand. And, yes, there's definitely room for a sequel.
The stunts are impressive. The rest is a wash out.
Director Ericson Core has ditched the fun of the Patrick Swayze/Keanu Reeves original and replaced it with soulless action scenes.
[An] adrenaline-fuelled but empty rehash that flies close enough to Bigelow's movie to remind you how much you'd much rather be watching the original.
It's so unbelievably self-important, with occasionally genuine and hazardous stunt work badly compromised by the annoying ponderousness of it all, meaning that we wind up simply not caring who's risking their lives or who wants to get into whose pants.
Pointless. Heartbreaking.
Steer well clear of this flatly disappointing remake, as it seems hell-bent on stripping out everything that made the original movie so much fun.
We have no emotional connection with these characters, nor do we care whether they survive or not.
Whereas the original was filled with humour and gung-ho machismo, this Fast and Furious-style update is a joyless experience.
It fully deserves to be played on a loop, silently, in extreme-sports goods shops everywhere.
How did they get it so wrong? How could they remake the beloved 1990s action classic Point Break with such ineptitude and so little affection?
[A] fantastically pointless remake, stuffed with humourless and self-important machismo.
A joyless and pointless remake.
As maths, the film sounds like a simple enough equation, but manages to deduct everything it's doing off everything it's already done, and winds up with an accidental minus score.
Shorn of political subtexts and vacuous in terms of its characterisation, Core's Point Break is in free-fall from start to finish, leaving the stunts looking like nothing more than pumped-up adverts for energy drinks.
An enjoyably dopey actioner best viewed as a homage rather than a remake. Not a barrel ride, but no wipeout either.
The storyline is so nonsensical that everything around it becomes a waste of time and effort.
Great cinematography, action sequences, special effects and locations. [Full review in Spanish]
A failed attempt to upgrade a story that didn't need to be retold, the shifts in the story become funny involuntarily. [Full review in Spanish]
Is creativity so scarce in Hollywood they had to remake an already bad film? [Film review in Spanish]
The worst of all is the story that gets lost among the spectacularized 3D action. [Full review in Spanish]
This remake of the 1991 "classic" is just an excuse to show extreme sports in cool scenes, nothing more. [Full review in Spanish]
If you find yourself driving to this pointless remake ... brake.
The best part of the movie are the beautiful landscapes cinematographer Ericson Core captures, but the script takes too lightly all the concepts it tries to elaborate on. [Full review in Spanish]
There's no disputing the visual quality of the film's stunt sequences: people dive out of planes, through buildings, off cliffs...Unfortunately, there's no trace of the homo-erotic bromance that fuelled the original.
The movie knows how to mount a lively array of big-ticket action sequences when required but knows little of the small details that keeps a story worth following.
Like its predecessor, it's just as awful as it sounds.
It's as though somebody took the original, stripped it of its charm and character dynamic, then let it soak in a bucket of Mountain Dew, Red Bull and Axe body spray, then plopped it onscreen, dripping and bulging for all to see.
A bad mix of over the topness and elements of the original film... leaving you with a bad taste. [Full review in Spanish]
It's a black eye to the fans of the original who might have given this disaster a chance.
The new version of Point Break fails to capture the essence of the original and the script seems incomplete. [Full review in Spanish]
A horrible remake that only celebrated its protagonists good looks. [Full review in Spanish]
The extreme sports sequences are top notch, however, the film as a whole never lives up to the original. [Full review in Spanish]
It's as if the film has been directed by computer or phoned in from the top of a mountain; rarely do dizzying heights feel so low to the ground.
While the movie's plot holes are massive . . . Point Break is still a reasonably taut thriller full of visceral delights.
For all the adrenalizing positives in this reworked "Point Break," inadvertent silliness remains.
When compared to this remake, the original Point Break looks like Citizen Kane.
This "Point Break" doesn't ever connect with anything, even its own desire to celebrate the extreme.
When it comes to the stunt scenes, Core's efforts are very impressive. Pity about the rest of the movie.
Honestly, if this wasn't a remake, it's a fair bet you might not have any idea of what exactly was supposed to be going on.
To be fair: the motocross, parachute, BASE jumping, and rock-climbing sequences in Point Break are absolutely worth the price of admission... Less charming is everything else.
The original was indeed ludicrous, but it exuded warmth, vitality, and belief in itself. The 2.0 update splashes up on shore DOA.
Point Break soon becomes a mixture of spectacle and discomfort, with striking scenery, eye-catching stunts and awkward performances.
The film wobbles precariously on terra firma, and doesn't quite know what to do with its supposed real heroes or its preposterous plot. But at least Core has chosen his actors well.
Sitting through it is like drowning in Red Bull.
If you are an extreme sports junkie, Point Break is cocaine. If you are a fan of good writing, it's a placebo.
Another disappointing, pointless re-imagining of the 1991 cult thriller...
Boldly reimagining Kathryn Bigelow's cult favorite as a movie where absolutely nobody seems to be having any fun, the new Point Break drops the original's Zen-like balance of macho mysticism and camp in favor of dour humorlessness.
The Point Break remake dials up the adrenaline with epic stuntwork but fails to weave any of the action into its incomprehensible and boring plot.
A remake that ought not to have been made.
Despite a number of high-octane action sequences, nothing in Point Break is particularly thrilling. It's a Mountain Dew commercial stretched out to almost two hours.
While the story and acting may not be exactly top-shelf, the cinematography and action sequences are out of this world.
As talented as they may be physically, Bracey and Ramirez are no onscreen match for Reeves and Swayze, and the plot and dialogue aren't helping.
Stiff, humorless, tension-free ...
Manages to be even dumber than the original.
A glorious mix of awesome, pointless stunts set at extreme sports landmarks and unintentionally hilarious dialogue. If you're not entertained by this ridiculous movie you are dead.
Nowhere does Mr. Core's film approach the action-movie chops or psychological smarts of Ms. Bigelow's original or, truth be told, benefit from actors displaying the same charm as her stars.
Tedious and overblown - as though the filmmakers were so preoccupied with "updating" the material that they forgot what made it so popular in the first place.
25 years later, we have now been blessed a "Point Break" remake that is completely lacking in any of the visceral thrills or apparent charisma of the original and which could not be duller if it tried.
There are few true pleasures to be had in this film aside from the visual elements, but Édgar Ramiréz proves to be the only enlightening element in this dim, drab affair.
Director Ericson Core and writer Kurt Wimmer clearly want to up the ante on the action, but they make almost no effort to incorporate these stirring sequences into the rest of the movie.
It feels a bit like Tom and Jerry with parachutes and snowboards instead of sledgehammers and cheese: a one-note chase story that doesn't really progress, it just uses different props.
Takes the outline of the original and translates it for an audience that has chugged 15 Monster Energy drinks and stayed up for a week mainlining Dude Perfect videos.
This "Point Break" removes almost everything that was special about the 1991 original, and replaces it with a Mountain Dew commercial.
Completely loses the cheerfully loony tone of the original, replacing it with dutiful action-movie dourness. And while the big set-pieces are expertly staged and shot, even they don't generate the sense of gleeful abandon they're obviously meant to.
Analyzed on its own merits or in concert with the earlier film, Point Break doesn't work.
The new version of 'Point Break' is pretty dumb. But in other ways, it's not like the original at all.
Bigger set pieces do not make for a better Point Break, and Core fails to improve upon the original film in any meaningful way.
Eye popping action, wooden acting.
Core would have been better off showing off his skills in a documentary, because all his energies have gone into the astounding feats of big wave surfing, wingsuit flying, sheer-face snowboarding and the free rock climbing finale at Angel Falls
Just awful. Lacks the sense of fun that made the original a cult classic. Should be called POINT FAKE.
Beyond some of the stunts and related footage, you're not likely to find anywhere near the action-laced, testosterone-fueled nirvana that was the original film. (Full Content Review for Parents - Sex, Profanity, Violence, etc. - Also Available)
It's rarely clear where we are or how we got here, but Ericson Core nonetheless delivers some vertiginous 3D thrills.
An international extreme-sports highlight reel masquerading as a high-stakes action movie.
Big on stunts and 3-D visuals but tiny on character development and good old-fashioned fun, the new Point Break looks great but lacks the cult-hit original's charisma and crescendo. And existentially, it never quite gets lost enough to be found.
The first "Point Break" rode the big kahuna; this one's a wipeout.
Basically a cavalcade of extreme sports, but with less drama than a highlight reel.
Character names haven't changed and the mission is familiar, but the lights are off in this do-over, which glumly tries to capture the same electricity with roughly 90% less adrenaline.
[Ericson] Core's remake is sorely missing the original's B-movie charm and bromantic chemistry between its leading men.
As epic as the international locations of Point Break are, the extreme action scenes are really intimate between two men.
[Point Break features] a number of impressive action set pieces... However, fans of the original will mourn the lack of memorable characters, quotable dialogue and the now-legendary central bromance.
What weighs the characters down is not their parachutes or rock-climbing gear, but their sententious First World guilt and bland casting; gone is the free-spirited fun of Kathryn Bigelow's cult-hit original.
Strips the silly fun and relatively straight-ahead narrative from the original for a humorless, if photogenic spin on extreme crime.

@highlight

Loaded with dazzling action but bereft of purpose, the Point Break remake will be remembered as the first film to make audiences pine for the simultaneous presences of Keanu Reeves and Gary Busey.