A wearisome revenge Western.
Finally recalls a less convincing version of those of Anthony Mann which managed realism and the mythic without a false note.
Rob Roy pursues James Bond in an old-fashioned Western that's cripplingly short on action.
Von Ancken at times brings his debut very close to something grand and memorable.
Messages, as Sam Goldwyn famously advised, are better left to Western Union.
As the story self-destructs, we are left with the majestic scenery, photographed by John Toll, and the pleasure of two good actors from one side of the Atlantic stretching themselves to seem convincing on the other.
A very impressive feature debut with this brutal western revenge thriller.
As Gideon misses chance after chance to break free from the posse on his tail, you just want Seraphim Falls to end.
The edgy pleasure is to be found in the sheer brutality of the chase and the bitter struggle to survive the elements.
It may be too ponderous for some, and an appearance by Anjelica Huston as a snake-oil peddler near the end is a touch too surreal, but if you're a fan of Westerns the way they used to make them, you'll be mesmerised.
An unconvincing attempt at an old-fashioned western, Seraphim Falls works best as a chase thriller but falls apart when it tries to harness the mythic power of the American frontier.
The chase is on in brooding western Seraphim Falls, with Liam Neeson gunning for Pierce Brosnan across snowy mountains, river rapids and blazing desert.
An unremarkable revenge/chase western, bolstered by its name cast, matter-of-fact violence and Toll's pristine photography. Eventually a little pretentious - with Anjelica Huston's cameo the nadir - but if you love oaters, it's just worth the time.
The overweight middle section is repetitive, contrived and, well, boring. But at least the views are spectacular and Brosnan, especially, is likeably quirky.
A revenge epic it may be, but a rip-roaring rampage it's not.
Great performances, splendid looks, but its grip slackens toward a rather fuzzy finale.
Enjoyable, frequently tense and superbly directed chase thriller with strong performances and spectacular photography throughout.
Those who say there's nothing left to be done with the genre hasn't seen this...
An intriguingly internalised examination of revenge and remorse, plus a surprisingly emotional anti-war theme.
A solid but formulaic throwback.
A handsomely-mounted, muscular, red-blooded Old West adventure ... One of the most stunning films to look at in recent years.
One last pass through the editor's office could have turned a darn good movie into a truly great one, but fans of the genre will almost certainly enjoy it.
It won't mark the return of the wild west, but it will make fans of the days when quick-drawing was a marketable skill and horses were a man's best friend very, very happy.
The film starts out much better than it finishes, but the start makes it worth watching.
Seraphim isn't totally satisfying, even if you're prepared for an arty Western.
It's all thrillingly cinematic, this bare and spare chase movie...
A tough and extraordinarily effective film, at least until it pretty much falls apart in its last half-hour.
Relentless. This is the only way one can describe this film.
A Western short on dialogue and long on pomposity, is little more than an extended chase scene down a snow-filled mountaintop to a desert floor.
If we could delete one sequence from Seraphim Falls, it would be an exceptional modern Western.
The plot here may be simple, but it is strong. So are the performances.
The technical revels are arresting, but Seraphim Falls is slow of motive and thin of plot -- a western that dies with its boots on.
When it's all said and done this Western psychodrama is more dumbed-down than giddy-up.
Though the chase threatens to go on too long, the suspense remains high because we don't know which man is the real villain, or if there's a villain at all.
...a pretty good movie for 90 minutes. It's undone by the ludicrous last half hour, which left me wishing I hadn't wasted my time.
For all its manliness, the film works slightly better as a bitter romance gone postal.
The answers do eventually arrive but the overall price is so high that it hardly seems worth it in the end.
Meditative, beautifully shot, and blessed with a healthy dose of cynicism.
A breath of fresh air in a season that dearly needs one.
Seraphim Falls isn't completely without interest, particularly for those of us who still like Westerns and bemoan their demise almost as much as we bemoan the demise of the movie musical.
It is not a terrible movie -- its beginning holds a certain promise -- just, finally, an unengaging one.
The director, David Von Ancken, and his cinematographer, John Toll, do magical things with the ever-shifting light, and there are splendidly weird turns from Anjelica Huston as a snake-oil salesperson and Tom Noonan as a wagon-train Evangelist.
The most ridiculous character was Madame Louise (Anjelica Huston), who appears out of nowhere in the middle of the desert.
This film could have been called 'They Shoot Horses, Don't They?'
After a roaring opening hour, Van Acken settles for a parched ending that's the Old West equivalent to "Can't we all get along?"
Sanctimonious and slow-paced, it's 111 ponderous minutes of retribution and, eventually, forgiveness.
Decent old-fashioned western until it hits loony-land late in the late innings.
The kind of big, beautiful widescreen action-adventure we just don't get to see much anymore.
Seraphim Falls is a psychological drama with an intriguing ambiguity that challenges the viewer's loyalties and preconceived notions.
... Seraphim Falls is a pale shadow of Leone's The Good, The Bad and The Ugly ...
... well-crafted but unremarkable ...
For all its many virtues, not the least of which are its ambition and its obvious intelligence, Seraphim Falls is an honorable disappointment.
Von Ancken may have begun this by wanting to remember films like High Plains Drifter. But all he ends up doing is reminding us how much better they were.
... moseys along very slowly ...
... an entertaining Western with some earnest ideas about forgiveness, redemption and the loss of innocents.
... it moves along with minimalist efficiency before running out of gas during an overlong allegorical final section.
It's hard to find a movie that's as brutal as Seraphim Falls that's also consistently boring, but somehow that's what's happened here.
... technically solid but dramatically unremarkable ...
Seraphim Falls is a movie some will relish and others will find a bit anachronistic.
... impressive for its stubborn classicism.
... Seraphim Falls keeps you in suspense with what will happen next: a good, old-fashioned storytelling virtue.
This curious Western may set a new world record for out-of-the-blue inanity, which comes winging in toward the end of the picture.
It starts with a bang, but ultimately, the wheels come off this covered wagon.
The best thing about Seraphim Falls is the extraordinary cinematography by Academy Award winner John Toll.
A handsome, old-fashioned western of few words and heavy meanings that unfolds with the sanctimonious grandeur of a biblical allegory.
It's only the fourth week of a new year and already a movie has made me sit up and take notice.
It works as a revenge/chase movie, but when things get wacky towards the end the movie almost loses its way.
No rotund subplots, no twist endings, and no tail-chasing. It's just two great actors dashing around the countryside trying to slice each others' throats.
a rather rudimentary look at vengeance and survival
For devotees of gonad cinema, there may not be a better time to be had at the movies right now than the first 20-ish minutes of Seraphim Falls.
You can, if you so choose, read the film as a lesson in the futility of violent conflict as a means toward a peaceful end. Or you can let it just wash over you, fast and pounding, like a waterfall.
Seraphim Falls has decent pep in its step until the final 30 minutes.
[Neeson] and Brosnan are supremely well-matched foils, though I do wish that the filmmaker, David Von Ancken, had lent his sparsely mythic tale just a twinge of something...new.
Seraphim Falls has a crispness and economy that few genre films can claim these days.
Eventually feels like a less-gruesome Apocalypto with not much more back-story.
By all rights the film should be a pretentious bore. But damned if Seraphim Falls didn't hold my attention all the way through
Basically just an old-fashioned western chase saga with delusions of grandeur. But it's still enjoyable as a flamboyant exercise in nostalgia.
If not nearly as multi-layered and lyrical as last year's The Proposition, Seraphim Falls still proves to be something in short supply these days: a sturdy, straight-ahead, less-talk, more-action Western.
There are plenty of shootouts and grisly happenings to keep things moving, and Toll's cinematography...ensures that Seraphim Falls is a visual triumph.
Revenge begets revenge is the moral here in a beautifully photographed genre Western showing off New Mexico's climatically varied scenery.
Seraphim Falls is a sanctimoniously violent western about retribution and forgiveness with obvious Biblical overtones, references and names.
Aside from spasms of brutal violence, however, there's nothing rousing or new here.
It's all very impressive looking, but this Civil War-era Western moves at a painstaking trickle.


@highlight

A brutal, slow-moving drama that unfolds among some great-looking scenery.