The encoffination ritual has a subtlety and grace that's lacking in Takita's direction, which lays down the narrative with slow, heavy brushstrokes of lacquered whimsy.
The laughter and family fights that break out at funerals might be part of this movie's rural, working-class eye. Departures favors farmland and old-fashioned wood-fired bathhouses over the Tokyo mania. It celebrates old-style, hands-on craft.
The scripting of Departures (by Kundo Koyama, the one-man TV-drama writing factory who nurtured such delights as Iron Chef) is embarrassingly clunky and obvious: the movie's essential hollowness reveals itself with unusual starkness.
No doubt the best movie you'll see this year about the Japanese traditional funeral business.
Death is normal, and so are responsibilities, reconciliations and retreats from what we think are our dreams. In a resolution about identifying ourselves, and loved ones, in life and death, "Departures" shows some people must be left just as they went.
Lead Masahiro Motoki apprenticed with real nakanshi for the role, and you become entranced by his performance, and the gentle clash of ritual and grief, custom and modernity.
like the unfolding of a Mozart concerto
This Japanese film's receipt of the award for best foreign-language picture at this year's Oscars was a case of the Academy favouring bland sentimentality.
The film, mostly set in a wintry landscape surrounded by snow-capped mountains, is fastidiously composed.
This heartfelt, unpretentious, slyly funny Japanese film is worth waiting for.
Director Yojiro Takita and writer Kundo Kayama ... aren't afraid to give you an emotional punch as well as a punchline.
Heart-warming, funny, wise and profound. Not to be missed.
The movie gestures towards deep emotions, but an abiding soft-grained superficiality effectively insulates us from the piercing realities of grief.
Doesn't quite justify the enormous plaudits heaped upon its shoulders, but a warm-hearted comedy-drama with its own likeably odd sensibility.
Fascinating, witty and heartfelt.
Yjir Takita's bitter-sweet tale of the Japanese funeral trade plays a bit like a formal service itself.
A safe and emotionally generous crowd-pleaser.
Moments of clarity and pragmatism are contradicted by flashes of inanity and dry, if well-delivered humour.
Departures's whimsical take on the Japanese funeral industry proves surprisingly funny.
Departure's cynicism, ironically, is what makes the optimism of its last act so moving.
A sentimental but beguiling charmer of a film.
In the end, it's powerfully moving, and perhaps a bit too nice.
Despite a lengthy running time and a few pacing issues, Departures is still worth seeing, thanks to its moving script and engaging performances.
It's an affecting experience (you'll need to bring some tissues) but rest assured it's a joyous one too.
Takita eventually pushes the emotions too hard but by then I had lost all resistance. It's a beautiful film but take two hankies.
Departures is about life, death, grief and loss, but it's also, in a quietly effective way, about coming to terms with expectations.
The film seduces us into this world with such affection and beauty.
Beautifully acted and classically filmed, Departures is a gentle, wise, immensely appealing film.
Like the art of encoffinment itself, Departures unfolds with a delicacy and precision that slowly captivates the viewer.
Yojiro Takita has crafted a rich, memorable and thoroughly unconventional film that celebrates finding your own particular place in a world full of surprising opportunities.
Departures is a great film and, yes, you're going to need your reading glasses -- this one is subtitled.
Oscar can be a big softie, as proved by how it presented itself to this sweet, sober chamber piece about living life and handling death.
The film has enjoyed tremendous acclaim but I hesitate to recommend it unreservedly. Better to lower your expectations and discover those elements that touch you most deeply without waiting for the film to deliver something that it doesn't really promise
The film's tone lies, appropriately, somewhere between life, death, and the inadvertent humor that comes from finally accepting the yin/yang perfection of both and getting on with what comes between.
A surprisingly uplifting examination of life and loss.
A moving celebration of life through showing reverence for death.
Redeems a trite 'redemptive' story about family with hushed, beautifully staged sequences of 'encoffinment'...
One of the best movies released this year, it will be included on my year-end top 10 list. This movie has a personal touch that never wears out its welcome...
Absolutely, beautifully, tear duct openingly right.
The ending, which involves a rock, would wring tears from a stone.
A compassionate and wry character study of a man who, finding himself at a crossroads, is reborn through death.
...feels like two films, one which is a perceptive and naturalistic study of modern life in Japan, and one which is an animated Hallmark card of montages and soaring strings...
The winning nature of the performances outweighs Takita's more obvious choices.
Departures is sometimes macabre and sometimes manipulative, but the way it speaks to the spirit is miraculous.
There is nothing so sparkling to this film at first glance. It's a film about man's mortality and how he handles it, but death is not cleverly hidden inside a bigger story. It's a wake-up slap in the face about the gritty part of dying: the bodies.
Departures is a loving tribute to the Japanese way of death.
Occasionally goes saccharine, [but] mostly succeeds in telling an unusual story in an engaging way.
Such modestly crafted moral tales sometimes manage win the audience over, but here the tone wavers too much for sincerity to be felt.
There's naturally a lot of death, but Departures is also about the circle of life, family relationships, pride in one's purpose, and all the messiness those things can bring.
It is as polished as it is heavy-handed, and it leaves one under a spell.
This is the kind of tastefully poignant drama that asks its audience to confront taboos and then pats them on the back for doing so.
It is the type of film that needs some time to find its story and its characters. This thoughtful drama is pretty rewarding, though the very deliberate tempo may test the patience of some.
One of the most shameless examples of emotional manipulation I've seen -- and one of the most effective.
Despite its Hollywood-friendliness, Departures never seems less than an utterly sincere, four-hankie movie about finding oneself.
It breaks no new ground, offers no audacious insights or rude revelations; toe follows tac as surely as tac follows tic.
The creepiest aspect of Departures -- dead people -- ends up being what's most beautiful about it.
Departures quietly subverts aesthetic and emotional expectations. There are moments where the story could turn maudlin or veer into bad taste, but the high-minded intent is never lost.
Yojiro Takita's movie simultaneously tickles tears of mourning as it wrings laughs about the meaning of life.
I found myself watching the clock and begging for this bloated opus to end.
A wistful masterpiece.
Departures is such an elegant, beautifully mounted meditation on death, funeral customs and parent-child relations that you may find yourself sniffling and resisting simultaneously.
An overlong, sap-happy crowd-pleaser.
The ultimate beauty of the film rests in its symbolic details that bridge the abyss between the living and the dead. As the French might say, it is to make one cry.
Though not unpleasant, Departures can't reconcile its bawdy sense of humor with the tiresome sentimentality that always lurks not far behind.
Departures is a film steeped in warmth, tenderness and genuine conflict.
Incredibly moving.
...the senior supporting players in the film are affecting and the film's underlying sentiment is honorable, but lead actor Masahiro Motoki shamefacedly mugs through this cloying and cliched film which director Takita lets drag on interminably.
This Oscar winning film about death is actually a joyous hymn to life.
Director Yojiro Takita uses the changing seasons to echo the characters' moods; the score by Joe Hisaishi (Spirited Away, Howl's Moving Castle) has a suitably majestic sweep.
Count on the first tear to fall by the 55-minute mark.
A tremendously moving experience filled with warmth, wisdom, intelligence and tenderness sprinkled with just the right dash of humor to balance the heaviness and keeps you thoroughly enthralled.
Takita is blessed with actors who move lightly, gracefully within this landscape.
[Director] Takita could easily trim 30 minutes of flab and oceans of tears from Departures. It still wouldn't merit an Oscar, but it would be a lot more watchable.
The performances are nice, the vibe is pretty much spot-on, but the movie itself almost can't help but under whelm, none of it ever rising to the level it needs to in order to fully connect.
The film is far from perfect but has enough going on to compensate for its excessive length and some sentimentality.
Though events unravel predictably, the film is profoundly affecting, thanks to a well-written story, rich characters and superlative acting.
Fully deserving of every ounce of gold on its Oscar, Departures' amazing achievement is in being a film about death that is so truly beautiful, joyful and life-affirming.
Overlong, predictable in its plotting and utterly banal in its blending of comic whimsy and melodramatic pathos.
It is, I'm afraid, unlikely to reflect much glory on the Oscar nomination process and the voters in general.
A quiet, measured picture, somewhat clinical in its opening passages. But that gives way to the tremendous emotion of its closing sequences, and that final scene is a wrecker.
An exquisite cinematic masterpiece that is both funny and sad and all the emotions in between; it touches the heart with its treatment of beauty, music, death, and abandonment.
Easily the best movie I've seen thus far this year...beautifully done.
Multiplexes are crowded with noisy summer films, from which Departures will represent a sophisticated and elegant departure.
Too long by a solid 30 minutes and riddled with clichés of every creed and color
Here's a great way to start savoring life: Don't waste it on pat manipulations like this.
The plot involves some developments we can see coming, but they seem natural, inevitable. The music is lush and sentimental in a subdued way, the cinematography is perfectly framed and evocative, and the movie is uncommonly absorbing.
An incredibly fulfilling movie experience...In a season devoted to movies that go crash-bang-boom, this film offers quiet joy, beauty %u2013 and an amazing array of feelings.
It's far too long, too self-conscious of its dramatic intentions, and too emotionally distant.
Like Sunshine Cleaning, this is a gentle comic tale of grisly  employment opportunity in desperate times. Only Departures is tender and, at times, rather squishy.
"Departures" is a brilliantly written and performed story that transcends its themes of ritualized catharsis to bring the audience to a fresh understanding of man's need to make peace with the deceased.
Departures is built for simplicity, and, if nothing else, the appeal to decency and integrity of this sweetly old-fashioned tale make it a must for Bernie Madoff's prison Netflix queue.
The sweeping music and bucolic landscape serve to heap on the emotion to Takita's already heavy-handed manipulation.
Departures needed a little more work in the morgue -- like cutting to the bone.
This is truly masterful and glorious filmmaking that's guaranteed a spot in my Top 10 of the year.
It feels like a singularly great film when one understands its plot as a daringly paradoxical apologia for Japan's moribund taboo.
An encoffiner works outside the box in this enthralling winner of the Oscar for Best Foreign Picture of 2008.
A sumptuous, richly composed drama that considers big, broad emotional issues with a sweeping cinematic canvas.
A fine film that's gently funny and moving and not the least bit challenging or controversial.
From a critical standpoint Departures doesn't warrant altering itineraries to see.
Kalogyrismeno kai tairiasta fotografimeno, alla thanatifora stoiheiodes kai (thelo na pisteyo) kseperasmeno thematika
TV scribe Kundo Koyama's first bigscreen script peppers the proceedings with rich character detail and near-screwball interludes that shouldn't fit but somehow do.
Takita's serio-comic look at life, death, redemption and forgiveness, is Japan's entry for the Oscars, winning audience awards in festivals, which speak well of its potential commercial appeal outside Asia.





@highlight

If slow and predictable, Departures is a quiet, life affirming story.