Cold and intellectual philosophical exposé of how European capitalism developed out of fascism through a mystery story of "corporate soldiers" intrigue.
There's no killer revelation, just a graceful telescoping of past into present and a steadily accumulating dread.
At just under two-and-a-half hours, the movie is a horrible bore.
Heartbeat Detector works on so many levels at once that its power is difficult to capture.
As driven by linguistics and euphemism as this film is, it's also a slippery and wonderfully acted drama%u2014Michael Clayton with a far more troubling moral landscape.
A searing indictment of corporate responsibility that will intrigue conspiracy theorists.
An intriguing thriller with strong performances and a dense, complex script.
A confronting examination of human evil in all its enduring banality, Heartbeat Detector takes a crooked path towards its bid for some straight talking.
Though it is in part a stinging commentary on the soullessness of the corporate suit, Nicolas Klotz's film is extremely slow to get on track.
Heartbeat Detector earns its points, arriving at a potent conclusion with a stealth and meticulousness that knocks the wind out of you.
Heartbeat Detector doesn't really unfold; when it doesn't drag, it lurches about in fits and starts
Klotz walks a perilous tightrope between profundity and pretension without ever tipping into the chasm.
A cinematic flatliner that was dead on arrival.
Director Nicolas Klotz combines an intriguing story with a distinctive ambiance that will appeal to an audience beyond French film aficionados.
A chilling corporate thriller with an intriguing mystery on the surface and a deeply troubling idea at its dark core.
Intriguing, frustrating, exasperating -- the French film Heartbeat Detector succeeds best as a provocation.
It seems that the old dictum of never building a house on an ancient Indian burial ground goes double, if not triple, for corporations.
Director Nicholas Klotz's subtle suspense film Heartbeat Detector comes across like a hybrid of Heart Of Darkness and Michael Clayton, digging into the roots of a psychosis affecting a veteran corporate lackey.
It's a thin line between 20th-century Nazism and 21st-century corporate culture in Heartbeat Detector, Nicolas Klotz's rewardingly chilly psychological thriller.
It has haunted me ever since I saw it, with its implied foreboding for the future. Implied and justified in my opinion, and it may become yours if you choose to catch Heartbeat Detector.
Begins as a dryly limp satire of corporate culture and ends as cruel and unusual punishment.
The analogy [equating multinational companies with fascism] is strained to say the least and finally distracts from what began as a clear-eyed portrait of a complex, contradictory character.
Despite the failure to credibly connect modern corporate practices with Nazism, this exquisitely acted film is watchable throughout its 144 minutes.
Both pertinent and discomfiting, this sober, well-cast drama remains quietly riveting, despite its 140-minute running time.


@highlight

Gripping and provocative psychological thriller about corporate responsibility remains tense throughout and despite its long running time.