The film is beautiful to look at, rotoscoped with heavy black lines surrounding graphic blocks of colour, but can you draw any conclusions about the content from the style?
It is exhausting in its yammering, yes, but the very fact of its putting forth a vision of a future that's scented with bongwater, revolving around the axis of a sloppy living room, is enough to recommend it.
I got bored with the random diversions into the long-winded conversations of the drug culture.
A Scanner Darkly is the most faithful Dick adaptation to date. Like Dick's writing, Richard Linklater's movie doesn't sweat at immersing itself in the trappings of sci-fi; it's concerned with ideas.
...not for everyone. It's a complicated film that requires patience and, most likely, subsequent viewings to appreciate the jigsaw view of control and paranoia.
In the end, it offers only the slightest of answers and the slimmest of hopes, because that is often all life offers as well. Whether anyone grasps that hope it leaves open for the audience to determine.
Trippy rotoscoping is the perfect aqueous aesthetic. Unlike many Philip K. Dick adapters exchanging existentialism for explosions, Richard Linklater focuses on Dick's apprehensions about the trust, joy and freedoms at risk for the sake of progress.
Not nearly as coherent, cinematic or fulfilling as it should have been.
The message is clear and the animation creates a world unlike any other in film, making A Scanner Darkly an easy addition to the must-see list of 2006.
Ponders the inherent doom of Slacker transgressors
Such a brutally gut wrenching disappointment...
Like many of Dick's parallel-mirror scenarios, this one is air-tight and diabolical. More fresh air in the form of Linklater's humor would be welcome.
A Scanner Darkly is capable of inducing euphoria if viewers focus on one element of splendor--the acting, concept, dialogue or animation--per viewing.
The coolest thing about the movie version of A Scanner Darkly is how very literally it takes the scanner part of that title.
The painted, slightly disorienting look is a good match for the sinister, seriocomic, drug-addled world of the book.
Too talkie to be legitimately entertaining, too dark to be wholly enjoyable and too muddled to be entirely comprehensible, A Scanner Darkly stands as a creative, if unengaging interpretation of its source materia
Linklater may have admired the novel -- I do, too -- but that doesn't necessarily make him the ideal director for this material.
a trippy movie that doesn't make it easy for the audience to follow. The story is complex and confusing and theanimation keeps the viewer from entering the tale emotionally or intellectually.
Relentlessly interesting to watch if somewhat less than compelling as a film.
this dystopian paranoid thriller tracks addiction in all its highs and lows, and offers a dignified elegy for its misguided casualties.
The movie isn't for those seeking a run-of-the-mill Hollywood film and it can't be viewed with a trace of passivity.
I don't think the movie will appeal to a wide audience, but I could see it becoming a perennial cult classic, right up there with Repo Man.
Linklater never pretends that he has all the answers, but he asks the questions in such an interesting, elegant fashion that you'll be glad you came along for the ride.
Has more to recommend it than arty graphics--as befits a movie made from one of Philip K. Dick's most acclaimed novels.
Acabando por revelar-se bem mais complexa do que poderíamos supor a princípio, a trama deste filme nos apresenta a um mundo sombrio e ameaçador no qual a máxima "os fins justificam os meios" acaba atingindo dimensões assustadoras.
I think this is a film that would have been more effective as live action, rather than animation.
Destined to become one of those movies that college kids love to rent and smoke bongs with.
A futuristic morality tale using rotoscope animation to enhance the trip effect, offering visual stimulation but not enough satisfying engagement.
A Scanner Darkly is funny, unnerving, astonishing, urgent. It's my kind of summertime special-effects extravaganza.
free-flowing science-fiction drama that moves like a cloud of ink in a swimming pool. ... while the visuals are suitably trippy, 'Scanner' is disappointingly short on drama and compelling characters.
As A Scanner Darkly proves, Keanu is the Coolness -- passive blankness, leaden line delivery, and all. Let's hear it for the vague blur.
A thing of unique beauty and free-floating menace, A Scanner Darkly is also about the transmutation of good into evil and back into good, and the willful surrender of freedom in the name of propagandistic safety and betterment.
Possibly one of the strangest movies ever made, "A Scanner Darkly" is worth seeing if only for the eye-bending animation.
Linklater's adaptation of Dick's semiautobiographical novel is steadfastly faithful to its source, but the screenplay is more tedious than provocative, as it bogs down in an abundance of talky vignettes.
More time should have been spent on the script and less on the effects.
That Linklater can keep a light tone running through the film in spite of weighty subject matter ensures that A Scanner Darkly is accessible enough for wide audiences without dumbing down for others.
t's fascinating to watch some of the actors who have had real-life addictions (like Dick did himself) dive into their own convoluted rationalizations and philosophies during the film. It's almost like watching one of their 12-step meeting
It is not a great film, but an insidious one, the sort that gets under your skin. It leaves you scrabbling at aphids, hoping they really are in your imagination.
Its intelligence makes it near-essential viewing.
You've never seen anything like this before due to some simply astonishing animation.
Engaging, beautifully animated sci-fi thriller with superb performances and a script that manages to be funny, disturbing and thought-provoking all at once.
Wondrously attractive, all the more so for the avoidance (with one or two exceptions) of extrovert Waking Life-style set-pieces.
Linklater has a determined method in making sense of the madness -- framing Dick's political paranoia as a plea for mankind to reverse the course of its self-destruction.
It's never less than incredibly beautiful to watch.
A wonderfully trippy movie, more about the drugs and paranoia than the plot
Linklater somehow makes coherent Dick's incoherent visions.
About on par with watching Cheech and Chong follow up a screening of their Up in Smoke with a PSA on the evils of marijuana.
For all of the film's ambitions and technical complexity, and for all the apt reasoning behind its storytelling decisions, the narrative is never particularly engrossing.
Mr. Linklater emerges once again as the Austin auteur par excellence, even if A Scanner Darkly is set in a ratty precinct of Orange County.
Linklater creates an eerie, mysterious, menacing hyperreality that engulfs the mind and senses.
Good science fiction almost always holds a mirror up to present-day society and quite often, we may not like what we see.
Would be significantly more wearisome...were it not for Linklater's ability to tap into his source material's atmosphere of unsettling paranoia.
With "A Scanner Darkly," Richard Linklater proves that anything worth doing is worth doing right, no matter how painstaking a process doing it right might prove to be.
A Scanner Darkly is well worth viewing solely because films this unusual are rare in our Hollywood-infused world of pirates and popcorn.
A Scanner Darkly finds Linklater in experimental mode, which is a far, far better place for him to be than in a little league dugout.
As a story about Bob/Fred, and his friends, Scanner is a compelling creation.
The slipperiness of the animated image has something to do with duplicity, with the idea that things you perceive are not necessarily the same as things that are real, and with the fact that both people and governments betray you.
Bland reality becomes abstract: a visual representation of the way the movie's Substance D addicts observe their surroundings and themselves.
Linklater's low-key, meandering humanism is a bad match for Dick's obsessive, clammy suspicion. We never feel the desperation of these characters. They're merely painted figures on a screen -- shimmering somewhere far away.
Dude, if your idea of fun is watching a group of drug-addled slackers rant and rave in graphic-novel-cum-cartoon, I've got just the movie for you ... To be graphic, A Scanner Darkly is one freaking bad trip.
It seems that the point of this movie is to say, drugs are bad. Why then does the movie that's making this point appear to have been made by people on them?
A Scanner Darkly is a fascinating esthetic and intellectual experience but, like addiction itself, it's an emotional dead end.
The [characters'] outlines are unstable, and so is their environment, keeping us caught in a constant state of questioning the film's 'reality,' just as its characters do.
Linklater's decision to assemble a supporting cast widely known for their own drug connections should reek of stunt casting, but doesn't.
It's an identity crisis wrapped in a mystery and smothered in freakout sauce, and it's relentlessly interesting. The grooviest scenes are the ones where the characters are clearly impaired and riffing on their own inner alpha waves.
The approach is creative, but it still does not overcome the problems of bringing such a contemplative novel to the screen.
So preachy in its anti-drug stance that it might as well have had the financial support of D.A.R.E. during its production.
A churning passion inside this eerie dramatic thriller really gets under our skin.
An interesting idea, with which almost nothing is done.
Impressive and daring. Downey channels James Woods, Harrelson freaks out, Reeves holds the center, and Ryder should have stayed home.
The fake cartooning sets up a challenging distance between the viewers and the characters, bringing a degree of nonreality to something that's already hard to believe.
Dick does not share Linklater's decency and humanism ... and the cynical, hopeless characters in Scanner sit uncomfortably with Linklater's natural sensibility.
Linklater's willingness to experiment ... is laudable. But I'm not sure he's reinventing animation here, or even adequately serving that older-than-children animation audience.
Linklater and Dick at their best are about as good as it gets. If their fusion didn't, finally, create gold, riches are still to be found in it.
Though chunks of the novel are missing, the film is, for the most part, a creatively and metaphorically successful synthesis of Dick's dreamlike themes and real-world concerns.
A Scanner Darkly has virtually no action and is so slow to reveal itself that it dissipates whatever dramatic clout the novel may have had.
The first film to capture the author's transience and his art.
Here's a guy willing to take risks, willing to tackle challenging material, willing to assume his audience has a brain. Unfortunately, his audience's collective brain is going to be hurting mightily for the first hour of this film.
Although the story is greatly enhanced by the mesmerizing visual design, it is also involving because of the duplicity and duality of the characters.
Those unfamiliar with the book will probably be confused. And the film's statements about addiction and the drug wars aren't exactly subtle.
The movie doesn't so much involve you in a story as it invades your mind, creating a world ruled by anxiety and suspicion.
The artiness gets in the way of thrilling plot twists; we're still trying to sort out images when we should be sorting out facts.
As the drugs keep cranking the gears of suspicion, seducing them down syllogistic corridors of absurd reasoning, you can feel them out-thinking their own paranoia to the brink of insanity.
Casting Reeves was a minor stroke of genius: Arctor could be the mundane identity that Neo discovers after his adventures in un-reality -- the hangover after the epic trip of 'The Matrix.'
The story itself becomes schizoid, splitting between a convoluted detective mystery and lazy conversations between paranoid addicts.
It's a great looking film and the destination is worthy, but the journey leaves you wanting something more.
This effort, while a failure, is an artsy, noble one. Scanning optimistically, an innovator can learn and move forward from that.
Food for thought that's also a treat for the senses.
It has a loose, hallucinatory grip on reality and mines the same paranoiac, unmotivated territory that goes hand-in-hand with excessive drug use.
...a well-crafted and serious film that will challenge viewers and will likely frustrate many.
The script does not wear so well, dragging along for stretches. Reeves, in his usual sullen delivery way, does not help take up the slack.
Just because the movie is about people on drugs, I shouldn't feel like I am on drugs while watching it, but it has some amazing acting performances
Much like someone who doesn't realize how high he is, A Scanner Darkly talks too much and doesn't say enough.
As Dick's vision matches up with our times, so does director Richard Linklater's animation technique match the story's material. A Scanner Darkly is a joyful wedding of medium and message.
One of the most disturbing antidrug public service announcements ever produced.
The characters look as though they have been flattened inside a glass slide, a perfect visual reflection of their political and psychological binds.
Like the best science-fiction, A Scanner Darkly is about you plus me and the time ticking away on the remainder.
There's a deep sadness to A Scanner Darkly that makes it more than your usual paranoid thriller
Here are my thoughts over the course of the trippy A Scanner Darkly: Intriguing. Good. Yes. Huh? Nope. Nope. Oh, OK.
It often makes your brain hurt, not in a good way -- but by the end, Linklater is redeemed somewhat by the surprising strength of his story.
A very talky and curiously uninvolving film.
As plentiful as its ideas are, A Scanner Darkly often feels hollow, and more than a little monotonous, because Linklater has not quite succeeded in overcoming the aggressively uncinematic nature of Dick's novel.
While Dick was a world-class paranoiac, his trenchant writing had bite, wit and energy. Linklater's slacker adaptation ambles where it should creep forward frantically.
The film as a whole may be lacking in coherence and emotional punch, but there are some marvelous sequences.
If you're looking for some sort of alternative to a three-hour sequel to a bad film based on an amusement park ride, Darkly might be the picture for you.
If it leaves you with a facial expression as stunned as that of Keanu, you know Linklater and his crew have done their jobs.
Most of A Scanner Darkly is a wasted opportunity, with B+-list stars paint-boxed onto a third plane where not very much happens at all.
There's always something eye-catching on view.
A handsome and mindwarping movie that has cult hit written all over it.
While it's a mundane cautionary cult tale about the perils of drug abuse, a curious visual appeal is what distinguishes this film.
The stars [Reeves, Downey Jr., Harrelson, Ryder and Cochrane] are at one with Linklater and his vision of a future, screwed up world (like this one isn't screwed up!).
The film is quite entertaining in a bent sort of way, and if you like weird, you should definitely see this.
Simultaneously strange and familiar, not himself, Bob lives inside an ooky, unsolvable world that mirrors our own ongoing fears, of surveillance, loss, and forgetting.
[O]h, yes, the evil cleverness, the deep and seriously profound wit of casting... Keanu Reeves... with his melancholy insolence that everyone mistakes for lethargy, with his irony so deadpan it goes all the way back around to something like calculated sel
A Scanner Darkly is a visually riveting mind-bender inspired by drug-induced experiences.
Richard Linklater wraps novelist Philip K. Dick's paranoid, prescient nightmare of addiction and identity lost down the rabbit hole in the same rotoscoped animation that helped produce the blissed-out groove of his Waking Life.
As fascinating and intelligent as the movie is, A Scanner Darkly leaves you wishing it might have actually been less faithful in word, and more in spirit, to Philip K. Dick's universe of bugged-out paranoid weirdness.
Like its protagonist, Richard Linklater's A Scanner Darkly suffers from a schizoid identity crisis.
For science fiction fans who prefer ideas over laser battles, this is the most meticulous and faithful movie adaptation of Dick's work -- and one of the most thoughtful.
It's a grand and elegant portrait of paranoia and malfeasance set amongst society's seedy underbelly.
Aesthetically interesting as it is, the film leaves you feeling somewhat blank and detached, sort of like the main character.
A Scanner Darkly doesn't quite live up to the promise of its opening sequence, but it's still an audacious offering during a season of brain-dead blockbusters.
Fans of the late sci-fi writer Philip K. Dick may rejoice at the news that Richard Linklater's A Scanner Darkly is the most faithful adaptation of one of his stories to reach the screen. Unfortunately, the story is one of Dick's least cinematic.
Hilarious digressions like these are bound to induce chuckles even among viewers who, as Bill Clinton would say, have never inhaled.
An impressive work of art, A Scanner Darkly, but you might need drugs to sit through it.
It's a trip.
Richard Linklater's squiggly new film, A Scanner Darkly, is an ambitious attempt to find the right visual style to render the experience of drug addiction and the paranoid vision of novelist Philip K. Dick, into a distinctive visual form.
Very ambitious and only mildly engaging.
This is a deeply personal work on the ravages of drug abuse, and the moral casualties suffered when governments fight it.
An ambitious animated adaptation of one of the most personal novels by sci-fi visionary Philip K. Dick.
Based on Philip K. Dick's 1977 novel that was informed by the author's own drug experiences, the film, which retains the dark humor often missing from other Dick adaptations is at once dated and eerily prescient.
This is a movie about losing one's grip and like any addict's story, it's boring, ugly, sad, and terribly human. And surprisingly funny.
While the effort bringing this to the screen is certainly commendable, the resulting picture is an unfortunate enigma, a didactic storyboard of unfortunate moralizations we've already seen many times before.
What a breath of fresh air this stifling, claustrophobic, boldly uningratiating vision of an American subculture's last gasp imparts to its contrarian core audience.
Linklater wants A Scanner Darkly to be a thought-provoking, living graphic novel. But he floods the script with multiple meanings and loses himself in the hydra-headed metaphors.
[A] real-world movie that's essentially been spray-painted, Scanner has turned its back on one of animation's greatest strengths: the playful elasticity that allows characters to stretch and soar in impossible ways.
A well-realized dystopian sci-fi drama about addiction and paranoia.
...like Cubism in human form, woozy and kaleidoscopic.
Dick fans will find more to play with here than the average viewer. But as a rotund demonstration of visual imagination and social insight, the absence of focus just murders the effort.
The atmosphere of schizophrenia, paranoia and disconnection from reality is the most faithful screen adaptation of Dick's sensibility to date.
Richard Linklater's A Scanner Darkly does proud the tradition of cultish movies adapted from Philip K. Dick stories.
An ambitious drug movie that's much less mind-blowing than it could've been.
If the details of the plot wind up fuzzy and nearly irrelevant, Dick and Linklater's paranoiac vision remains in the memory.
Very much like the drug which inhabits it; splitting its own persona from paranoid druggie comedy to the sharp spiral of the addictive effects and the hopeless, misguided attempts to end it all.
beyond the aesthetics and the premise, A Scanner Darkly just stagnates
Richard Linklater brings a new novelty to a Dick adaptation: fidelity to the source.
It's the kind of movie that gets under your skin -- and stays there.
Identities shift and melt like shadows in Richard Linklater's animated adaptation of the 1977 novel by the science fiction visionary Philip K. Dick.
One doesn't leave the movie with a mind blown by visual bedazzlement but with a soul shattered by the profound sense of tragedy Linklater and company so beautifully put across.
The brilliance of A Scanner Darkly is how it suggests, without bombast or fanfare, the ways in which the real world has come to resemble the dark world of comic books.
Scanner Darkly is highly original, imperfect cinema worth a look for the open-minded.
The risks Scanner Darkly takes both with its subject matter and its method make it difficult to dismiss.
"A Scanner Darkly" is often times incomprehensible and convoluted. Admittedly, I was bored 30 minutes in.
Watching A Scanner Darkly, we can feel [Philip K.] Dick's world close in on us. And we can be glad we're only visitors.
Embedded in the visionary headtrip of A Scanner Darkly is a hotly political call to arms.
In a film that's largely about the internal life of Bob/Fred, [Keanu] Reeves is at pains to show that he has one.
A Scanner Darkly is always interesting, but it's not always involving, and it's even less often entertaining.
As the title implies, there's a certain opacity to A Scanner Darkly, but at times it can be as naked as the lunch on the end of your fork.
Never quite blows your mind, man, visually or thematically, but ... it's surely a head-trip worth taking.
A bummer clearly.
Linklater has adapted Philip K. Dick's 1977 novel faithfully, and his unusual technique seems a valid choice for the world Dick created in that book.
A head-trip that never gets beneath the skin.
It places Dick's nameless terrors as close as the beady-eyed gaze of our next-door neighbor -- a gaze that says, "I see you, buddy, and I know what you did."
While visually arresting and not devoid of enticing ideas, it's confusing, repetitive and pretty much a bummer.
This straightforward version of Dick's anguished vision of drug-addled addiction makes Naked Lunch seem positively romantic.
In A Scanner Darkly, we're watching other people freak out, but the film is maddening to sit through because their freak-outs never become ours.
A truly mind-blowing experience.
Richard Linklater sticks to the narrative flow of Philip K. Dick's novel without embellishing it with current sociopolitical realities that the book foreshadowed.
Even though scene for scene it sticks very close to Philip K. Dick's counterculture classic, A Scanner Darkly feels much more like the earnest theorizing of Richard Linklater in Waking Life mode.
It's a pity it doesn't have more oomph, because the book is arguably Dick's masterpiece, and as brain-rattling today as when it came out in 1977.
There are moments where not only does the lead character not know what's going on, but I'm not sure if we're supposed to know what's going on and you have to go with it.
The movie probably involves more dialogue and less action than some people will expect; it's about the nature of a life where you can never be sure what or who is real.
It's one hell of a trip, but a bit of a comedown.
Not a triumph, but a clever rendering of the subversive spirit of Philip K Dick.
This is not just scanning darkly, it's close to opaque.
Though not as impressive as Waking Life, and failing to update Dick's concerns, Scanner Darkly is a serviceable rotoscoping of the 1977 work with some striking set pieces and a dazzling hologrammed suit worn by Keanu Reeves with grand style.
Scene after scene of verbose fiddle-faddle: Characters orate at each other, while sitting in cars, sitting at dining tables, sitting in living rooms, sitting at office desks. The film might be better titled The Big Sit.
Plot point by plot point, the film seems more concerned with achieving a lucid retelling of the novel's events, resulting in an almost disappointingly well-behaved sci-fi noir that's mildly provocative rather than visionary.
Without the rotoscoping, the movie would be completely undistinguished, competent but only mildly entertaining.






@highlight

A faithful adaptation of Philip K. Dick's novel, A Scanner Darkly takes the viewer on a visual and mind-blowing journey into the author's conception of a drug-addled and politically unstable world.