Uneven Victorian-era supernatural horror-comedy about grave-robbing.
At times predictable. At times overwrought. Most often a tad too silly.
This episodic horror-comedy...doesn't quite hold together for its entire length, but its amiable approach will win you over with its good intentions.
... this underworld buddy story has personality to spare. It's a zombie snack of a horror comedy: insubstantial but fun.
Capably delivers a half-dozen sub-genres in less than 88 minutes. That's just plain old fun, regardless of how much the flick cost to produce.
...a better-than-average horror comedy...
All in all "I Sell the Dead" is a good old fashioned horror movie for fans of classic monster movies and things that go bump in the night.
It goes about its task with inspiration and heart, helping to bridge the gaps between its ambitions and its budget.
Reminded me a bit of the old Hammer horror films. The humor doesn't quite cut it. Best way to describe it: I would have loved to have loved this film. Paul Chambers, CNN.
McQuaid recalls Terry Gilliam with his flights into the absurd and his penchant for choking dry humor.
The budget was clearly minuscule, but writer/director Glenn McQuaid's deft dialogue, strong characters and clever plotting attracted some impressive acting talent.
This one put a smile on my face in a way that few zombies movie have since they reanimated Mae West for Sextette.
If it's not actually a good movie, on some level you have to admire the chutzpah of a film set in 1850s Ireland but shot on Staten Island.
The cast and crew behind I Sell the Dead are clearly having a blast - and audiences will nave nearly as much fun with this smart horror comedy.
Rather than a serious attempt to resurrect the Gothic horror of the 1960s it is more just a reverential nod or even a send-up.
This delightful bit of gallows humor has its high points.
The performances are wry and believable with a fun turn by the Phantasm himself, Angus Scrimm.
The worst fault visually, probably intended as a charm against the spell of low-budget-itis, is relentless darkness. Pervasive shadows in most shots do not evoke atmosphere, but eye strain.
An equally suitable title might have been The Medieval Dead.
There's very little effort to create something honestly creepy or all that funny. I Sell the Dead too often falls short in both categories with jokes that fall flat and scares that don't register.
Its wit and style, however, are thoroughly modern, as is a hilarious ending that leaves the sequel door wide open. And why not?
Bits strike out in every which way but are not long, deep or effective, so 'I Sell the Dead' develops neither momentum nor personality.
[C]annot help but be more miss than hit...
For fans of the gory, and those who like vampires in any context (absolutely any context), I Sell the Dead may be a bloody delight...For everyone else, it's just funny.
Sure McQuaid crushes some heads and slashes a few jugulars, but it's all so perfunctory the end result is actually kind of boring.
Droll perfs, diverting f/x and handsome B-pic atmospherics ensure a good time for horror fans with a memory past last weekend's slasher remake.
Genre fans will definitely get off on I Sell the Dead, but outsiders might be less enthusiastic.
Low-budget, grubby and gleeful, but with a nice sense of style and apparently an endless supply of dry ice. Points deducted, though, for a too-easy alien-corpse joke.
Movie fans of all kinds will appreciate a film that knows the differences among 'terror,' 'terrible' and 'terribly good fun.'
A fresh, darkly funny blend of crime [graverobbing, to be precise] and supernatural hijinks ... that delivers an offbeat but carefully balanced mix of shocks, homages and uneasy chuckles.
A fine pair of grave robbers, (director) Mr. McQuaid and (producer) Mr. Fessenden plunder freely from the movie crypt, unearthing other chomping, glowing mysteries and monstrosities.
If you're old enough to remember the goofy double bills that American International used to churn out in the fifties, you'll have some idea of the quality of this movie. Whether you'll consider that an attractive proposition is another matter.
Who knew you could make graverobbing boring?
The movie goes out on a high, but until then, it plays almost like the pilot for a TV series. But it would be a good TV series.
The sort of movie that was probably more fun to make than it is to watch.
It's rather hard for anyone who has ever chanced upon a Poe anthology on cable and only lasted through one or two cheeky tales.
The cerebral horror of Wendigo and The Last Winter is nowhere to be found in Glenn McQuaid's meandering 19th-century supernatural gothic tale.
While I didn't much care for it, I can't fault the flick for having its heart in the right place (along with a wooden stake dead-center).
A juicy old school gothic horror yarn with playfully crafted, delightfully depraved post-modern glee, vampires, zombies, aliens and that new-fangled thing called a sandwich, kicking in for good measure.
Many pints of beer and blood flow freely in this old school horror reverie.
Glenn McQuaid's microbudgeted debut is a jauntily gothic period spook story.
I Sell the Dead sports playful genre inventiveness, in which fans can delight and even outsiders can enjoy.


@highlight

A horror comedy that's almost as chilling as it is funny, I Sell the Dead relies on its dark humor and offbeat charm to overcome its low budget shortcomings.