A refreshingly dramaless miniature canvas
The modest film works best for the viewer who goes with its flow of inertia.
Duck Season is definitely worth seeing, but mostly it is worth seeing past, into the future of a promising new filmmaker.
Above all, a character-driven movie
A nuanced, authentic portrait of adolescent ennui and maturation that treats pre-teen emotions with a Jim Jarmusch-ian brand of detached sympathy and bemusement.
Lovingly cast, suavely directed and always pitched perfectly, whatever its tone, Duck Season is the kind of small, quiet, thoughtful movie that ought to be as abundant as Sunday afternoons.
Watch it passively and you might wonder how it even qualifies as a movie; watch it with your full attention and you will see a charming and surprisingly meaningful look at adolescent angst.
...for the viewer interested in an amusing, thoughtful, independent, slice-of-life film.
The fullness of Duck Season is in direct proportion to its smallness; its modesty makes it bloom.
Because it's shot in black and white, involves characters doing bland things in a bland setting, and yet is surprisingly entertaining, you could call this Clerks -- The Mexican Home Edition.
Effortlessly nonchalant in its observations of kids and the way the world looks to them.
Runs more on charm than inspiration, but it convincingly conveys something of the terrible, giddy solipsism of adolescence, with its contradictory longings for freedom and security...
Burn off 87 minutes of your sentence in Hell by sitting through writer-director Eimbcke's B&W dreary dreamscape about (his) a boy's gay awakening.
Imagine Waiting for Godot performed by The Breakfast Club.
There are several moments of high, unheralded humor -- although whenever you find yourself laughing, you have to ask yourself if you aren't merely grateful that anything is happening at all.
The bemused sympathy we feel is brought about by both young actors doing a fine job with the minimalist material.
Often dull dialogue and marginally interesting characters.
Director Eimbcke scores a bulls eye as Ferris Bueller takes a day off in Mexico City.
Eimbcke makes the most of his enclosed space and eager cast to string together a series of droll vignettes that eventually add up to a satisfying and touching story.
Me, I couldn't wait to get out of there, depressed at co-writer/director Fernando Eimbcke's assertion that life at 14 could really be that dull.
Devotes itself to youthful inertia.
A sly and shifty comedy that slowly peels back its audience's preconceptions about the characters in that tacky little apartment.
I have one word for these kids: Monopoly.
Admittedly a modest piece, but it affords much pleasantly deadpan humor while also touching on deeper emotional currents.
A quiet, loopy gem, Duck Season is a goofball celebration of old friends, new beginnings, adolescent freedom, and baked goods laced with a little something extra.
Not much happens in Duck Season, but it's never dull: Eimbcke, a Spanish filmmaker making his feature debut, finds just the right note with his young actors and fills his film with telling detail.
By the end, we realize that a bit of truth has been uncovered by Eimbcke, a director we'll no doubt be hearing from again.
Give Duck Season a chance. Sit on your watch for the first 20 minutes and see what happens. Eimbcke's gentle persuasion will reward your patience for weeks to come.
The spirits of Jim Jarmusch and Kevin Smith hover over this breezy slacker comedy set on a comatose Sunday afternoon.
Fernando Eimbcke's crisp visual sense and ear for comic timing propel the narrative forward with honest energy.
A film so small and understated that it was nearly over before I realized how much I was going to miss these characters once their story had been told.
The stage is set, not quite for action--the delightful, odd ball group never leaves the apartment--but for a little sexual experimentation, serious baking, casual drug use, and the kind of unexpected, meaningful conversation that results in revelation.
Not very much really happens in Duck Season, but in its rich details, it remembers how absorbing and endless every single day can seem when you're 14.
The film's calm and witty visual rhythm offers a rueful awareness of time passing and of time wasted, in ways that people tend not to appreciate fully until long after they've wasted it.
Duck Season hits every one of its modest marks and then some. It's the kind of movie to send you out looking at strangers on the street with newfound appreciation and something close to love.
The beauty of Duck Season is its insistence that profound human experiences can arrive slowly, in incremental packages, scattered over the course of an average Sunday.
Because this is a character-driven film, the performances must be exemplary and they are.
The film hints at homosexuality, touches on adolescent sexuality, teenage ennui ('There's nothing to do!'), friendship, loneliness and probably a few other themes.
Director Fernando Eimbcke, in an extraordinary debut, never expresses contempt for his characters. By examining their inner lives with compassion and respect, he inspires us to do the same.
Not even half a year since Baumbach's gem The Squid and the Whale, another film has emerged conveying similar themes of domestic discomfort and disenchantment.
a modest, beautifully proportioned peek into the lives of four uncertain young characters who aren't yet fully formed.
Seinfeld for kids. A good film about nothing
Summing up Duck Season is a simple enough affair, but hardly does justice to this ironic, carefully crafted comedy, the latest indication that Mexican cinema is going through one of its spasmodic periods of renaissance.
Subtly rendered details about each of Eimbcke's four characters gradually rise to the surface.
There's not a false note in the film, which unfolds with a casual grace similar in tone and feel to the work of David Gordon Green.
Though his camera rarely moves, Duck Season director Fernando Eimbcke and his cast capture teen ennui in an entertainingly universal way.
It's about the kind of kids who could never sit still enough, unfortunately, for a movie that perfectly captures the frustrations, longings, obsessions and torments of the awkward years before manhood.
Captures the restlessness and confusion of adolescence in ways both funny and profound.
A sweet and lilting comedy, a coming-of-age story that doesn't try too hard to prove itself.
Eimbcke attempts to give this story a melancholy overlay, but its main interest is in its confirmation that teenagers are pretty much the same everywhere.
This movie has two strikes against it -- it's in black and white and it's subtitled, but if you like good movies, that won't stop you from hunting this down and checking it out.
The movie is childhood recalled as those rare occasions when the memories have cause to stick out.
A story about friendship and the ecstasy of communion (not coincidentally, the story opens on a Sunday morning), Duck Season suggests that transcendence arrives when you least expect it.
As the Sunday in question spirals delicately but unmistakably out of control, Eimbcke's quiet but steely assurance asserts itself and causes all the film's disparate strands to come wonderfully together.
Eimbcke reveals a disciplined visual sense, a good ear for dialogue and an easy rapport with his fresh young actors.
A light and breezy portrait of adolescence spiked with interesting observations on time, sexuality, and the search for meaning.
Its own bird...gets dryly funnier and more emotionally rich as it goes along, making it a fine way to while away an afternoon.
Eimbcke has found a sweet and moving way to make concrete the kids' blind search for meaning and comfort.
The lovely, unpredictable comedy Duck Season marks the arrival of a fresh talent in writer-director Fernando Eimbcke.
a slight, ultimately involving comedy
The tender and droll Mexican charmer Duck Season captures the stalled rhythms of a lazy Sunday shared by pals, a time of idleness in which pleasure gets tangled with melancholy.
Duck Season is not charmless, just insubstantial.
A smart little film that dances adroitly from goofy to gorgeous and back again.
Sometimes it is amusing, but mostly it is boring and icky.
Not gripping nor challenging, but comically insightful and the kind of interlude you're glad to have been invited to.
Director Fernando Eimbcke's observant slice-of-lifer is mostly a comedy but breaks through regularly for surprising poignance.
Further delicious evidence of the reviving fortunes of Latin American cinema.
These characters hilariously circle around each other ... tentatively reaching out to each other with surprising results.
A sweet, charming film about friendship and the pangs of adolescence, enhanced by gorgeous black and white photography and four splendid performances.
Despite its tiny canvas, Duck Season soars with all the profundity and inanity of teenage life; the tenderness, the isolation, and the doomed joy of its innocent irresponsibility.
A work of Jarmuschian deadpan, Fernando Eimbcke's Duck Season is independent in the purest and most literal sense of the word.



@highlight

This modest cinematic slice-of-life manages to subtly capture many small but resonant and truthful moments of adolescence.