Polley is a detail-oriented director who can get a little lost dazzling us with the little things.
It's such a strange little movie but beautifully acted and undeniably fascinating.
Sexually charged, frank, and relatable, Take This Waltz is a bittersweet observation of adult romance.
[A] sunny dramedy that lulls its viewers with pseudo quirks, but which actually hides an altogether terrifying dead heart that clubs viewers over the head with its nauseating examination of an insufferable, unhappy woman.
Take This Waltz is a Remarkable, Offbeat Love Story
While hardly a complete failure, 'Waltz' nevertheless finds Polley dancing to the beat of a simmering romantic triangle with two left feet.
This is finely-judged filmmaking from a writing and directing talent to watch.
A mess of the sort that only a brilliant person can slop up on there.
The gorgeous photography gives summertime Toronto a steamy, sexy glow and the music (including the Leonard Cohen song that provides the title) adds to the film's air of yearning.
Though nicely shot and well acted, especially by Michelle Williams, this is a minor, conventional work and a step down for Polley after her splashy directing debut, Away from Her.
Intriguing, but wispy and built on unlikable characters doing shallow and unpleasant things.
This slice-of-life character study doesn't tell the whole story. Rather, this is a glimpse into a short part of the life of a woman who seems a lot like an enigma.
Polley's sophomore feature fumbles between reality and fantasy, often insightful but frequently ungrounded. Dig that carnival ride, though.
Can a marriage crumble gently?
Despite flying perilously close to neurotic indie 'quirkiness', Polley's well considered screenplay and Williams' charming screen presence mean that the film will encourage a wealth of post-viewing dissection.
Films like this can, and have, worked before, but unfortunately Polley decided to make her take on this story very plain and bland.
Like its title, Take This Waltz is sometimes conceptually awkward - but it's also occasionally funny, steamy and always well photographed.
This film's saving grace is Williams whose character follows another tormented path of self-discovery/preservation ...
...smug and horrible, a story about nasty twenty somethings who assume the world should care about them because they're attractive and aspire to arty lifestyles.
Williams works her adorable little chipmunk cheeks to the bone in a typically weighty role.
Sins and all, I ended up liking Sarah Polley's sophomore directorial effort for its unresolved, warm-to-the-touch emotions
Margot is silly and annoying, but three-time Oscar nominee Michelle Williams' makes her conflicted character believably real. Meanwhile, contrivances, indie-film clichés and overall misery make the movie an unhappy dance marathon.
Polley is very good at depicting the small highs and lows of modern relationships - the frequent poignant moments of everyday intimacy will doubtless strike a chord with many couples.
Many films go to great lengths to inspire an emotional response, but annoyance probably shouldn't be a high priority.
Remarkable and immensely moving.
Polley is a subtle filmmaker, and a surprising one, too.
Beautifully photographed, maudlin and moving, bruising and bittersweet, Take This Waltz is a heartrending emotional roller coaster.
Committed and resonant, Take This Waltz gets under your skin - and feels a lot like the work of an auteur in the making.
Basically pretty humourless, considering that sharp comics Seth Rogen and Sarah Silverman are in the cast, clearly doing their level best as actors. But there's no air for them to breathe.
Polley delivers a rich evocation of the central marriage, with its mixture of by-rote ritual and easy comfort, and makes the wise and unusual decision to portray the cuckold-to-be (Seth Rogen) as decent and good-natured, rather than stiff or cruel.
Flush with beauty and truth, and is unerringly, unnervingly accurate on love, desire and friendship.
Polley expertly navigates the emotional states of her characters, constantly surprising and challenging our expectations about who will say what and what will happen next.
An enjoyable, thought-provoking relationship drama with a terrific central performance from Michelle Williams, a superb support cast and an emotionally engaging script.
Sarah Polley's romance, gilded with comic touches, has both an ear and eye for life's ambiguities.
A hard-headed, generous film about love.
Frank but contrived romance story.
A masterfully painted portrait of an ordinary marriage under threat, dominated by a central performance of exquisite subtlety and observation.
Haiku Take This Waltz Sarah Polley can make stupid decisions seem well worth repeating
This isn't your average romantic film where the audience sits like God, waiting for the lovestruck couple to overcome obstacles and embrace.
Polley proves to be a perceptive observer of the body language between couples, particularly the passive-aggressive dynamic between Margot and Lou.
Some strained metaphors and character tics aside, this proves both Polley's perceptive eye and Williams' ability to explore life-scuffed emotions. Wry, risqué and real.
Michelle Williams is excellent as a married woman struggling with her passions.
"Take This Waltz" tries to take advantage of this preconceived notion that you already love this movie even though you haven't seen it yet. It tries so hard to be cute and cuddly and emotional and it winds up being massively annoying in the process.
"Take This Waltz" is overwrought, overwritten and a little unfair to all the characters portrayed.
The quality of some of the performances are expected (Michelle Williams), some are a surprise (Seth Rogen, Sarah Silverman), but all contribute greatly to a lovely & meaningful film.
Take This Waltz is an achingly beautiful film in the longing its characters express and the sun-dappled Toronto cinematographer Luc Montpellier captures.
The raw and realistic look at love and marriage overcomes occasional overly artsy flourishes.
There's often real beauty and poetry in the moviemaking, but "Waltz" requires you to be on board with it from the start and doesn't often enough rouse itself to magnetize you if you're not.
Polley (who's been an actress herself) never judges these people she's created. Instead, she depicts the giddy, fleeting and illusory nature of new love, and lets us get caught up in it, too.
This is nothing more than an exercise in outrageous, inane dialogue and titillating sex scenes.
As long as Williams and Rogen are onscreen, Take This Waltz is painfully honest. When the stage is ceded to Williams and Kirby it just gets painful.
The whimsical charms are not enough to overlook the unbearable cuteness and the mountain of contrivances.
No one's a cliche; no one speaks dialogue the viewer could have muttered a beat or two ahead of the movie; no one hews to a mode of behavior fabricated to explain away his or her irrational behavior.
The irony of the consequences is somewhat a foregone conclusion, but Take This Waltz ensures those effects have some emotional weight.
"Take This Waltz" not only does not work despite all of the aforementioned qualities, it doesn't work in such strange and inexplicable ways that I found myself more baffled than angry with it.
[It] often feels thin and self-conscious.
Williams lives and breathes her role, Kirby is charming and real, and you actually start to ache and empathize with Rogen - the emptiness and heartache he conveys when Lou and Margot finally thrash things out is crushing.
Both the small moments and the end product of Waltz are quietly sublime.
If uncompromising honesty is the quality you seek for a film, Michelle Williams is your go-to star.
Crushingly true.
A film with extreme situations that never register on a personal level because they feel more like arthouse cinema exercises than truth.
Polley wonders the same thing in nearly every scene, no matter who's in it. Is a comfortable marriage really marriage enough?
I have great admiration for [Williams] as an actress, but this story might have been better told with a less lovable star.
There's something indelible about Polley's portrait of love, an intimacy and playfulness to Margot and Lou's relationship that's particular to them but emblematic of the private language and inside jokes close couples develop.
Margot comes across as such an elusive and unsympathetic twit that you wonder why we should care about her.
A crushing, but breathtaking, look at romance - the kind rarely, if ever, portrayed in movies.
Take This Waltz, the second feature film directed by actress Sarah Polley, is a crushing, but breathtaking look at romance -- the kind rarely, if ever, portrayed in movies.
In the end, it's a story of misplaced faith. In what? Not love exactly, but in the rush of infatuation, and the illusion that this feeling can be maintained, indefinitely, without crashing.
At its worst, Polley's style veers toward the cornball. Yet, in the broad outlines of her story, she has clearly created something with a lot of hard truth.
Take This Waltz and shove it.
Polley’s fearlessness is one of many reasons I take no pleasure in saying that Take This Waltz stumbles.
Somehow it is the waiting - for the fall that you expect is coming, for the marriage you figure will fall apart - that makes "Take This Waltz" one to make room for on your dance card.
A color-drenched story of lust, love, and infidelity, it suffers from a vagueness that may be the point but that feels accidental.
The cast is nearly flawless, especially Williams, who inhabits the grey area between child-like exuberance and grown-up resignation better than anybody.
In "Take This Waltz," Polley doesn't fill the gap. She just makes life on either side of it both attractive and a drag.
To her humanism, Polley has added riskier filmmaking, and it pays off.
Unfortunately for Polley, Take This Waltz is a good film serving mainly to remind us that Away From Her is a great one.
Your best option, perhaps, is to zone out from the implausible kinks in the setup... This will leave you free to savor the compositions and the melted-candy color schemes.
This romantic drama, starring the always-extraordinary Michelle Williams as a restless married woman contemplating an affair with her neighbor, is chock-full of individual moments of great power and beauty, including visual beauty.
Michelle Williams gives another thoughtful and contemplative performance as a troubled woman with a conflicted heart.
Like being trapped inside a bubble in which everything that happens, so self-consciously novel and left-of-centre, becomes another interminable indie film cliché.
Take This Waltz is an uncompromisingly human film -- especially when it delves into some of the deepest and most selfish of human desires -- and its swirl of emotion is hard to turn away from.
With her latest film, Take This Waltz, Polley proves that her first film was no fluke and that she is one of the most insightful directors working in independent film today.
Boasts many keenly felt moments, but it's never quite more than the sum of its admittedly tender parts.
Michelle Williams appears to put her heart and soul into her portrayal of a restless wife who falls for a handsome neighbor and feels tremendous guilt about it.
Sarah Polley's passion-drunk film about a summertime flirtation is a lovesick daze of lust and pain and regret.
The rare picture that handles soap-operatic material in a subtle and perceptive way.
Michelle Williams' sublime, open-hearted work carries us with her as Margot experiences the pleasures and pains of that confusing journey we call life.
Dramatically inert and languidly paced, Waltz stumbles all over its arty-indie pretensions.
Take This Waltz concerns the revolving door of romantic love; for the way it delivers disconcerting truths in an engaging package, it is a remarkable film.
The premise is undermined by casual pacing and a protagonist who seems not 28, but 18, or younger.
It's about ... the realization that sometimes, before you can learn anything about other people, you need to learn something about yourself.
This movie is bathed in bright hues with a sweaty haze; it feels lush, almost overripe.
Drama about love, temptation has lots of mature content.
Set decoration is pitch perfect, soundtrack is addictive and performances exceptionally honest, but none would be as successful if it weren't for Polley's notably cohesive work.
Ms. Polley, as a writer, a director of actors and a constructor of images, excels at managing the idiosyncrasies and contradictions of her characters so that our knowledge of them is both intimate and mined with potential surprise.
Whether or not [Michelle Williams] receives a fourth Oscar nomination for this film, the performance is among her most challenging and complex.
The film weaves a spell as inchoate as Margot's discontent.
Oh, what a frustrating affair is writer/director Sarah Polley's ("Away From Her") sophomore film..."Take This Waltz" is a bold work, but not all of the risks Polley's taken have paid off.
Brilliant performances in a smart, insightful film.
Edward G. Robinson played gangsters, John Wayne played cowboys, Michelle Williams plays emotionally peripatetic women who break up with their husbands.
Well-acted and directed Canadian drama about obsession, fragility of marriage and the mystery of true love is more memorable for its fresh evocation of sunny north-of-the-border locations than for any fresh insights into romance, commitment and solitude.
It's a shame Polley drowns the vitally mundane in so much indie quirk, because her committed leads work hard to create a touching familiarity together.
The film defers to the vagueries of the human heart and the way we can, despite our better judgment, form a connection with someone that can't easily be set aside.
A play of love and lust that evolves on patches of steamy pavement.
It tries to do so many things at once that it can't hit many of its marks cleanly. But at least it's never boring, and rarely predictable.
As she showed with Away From Her (2006), actress-turned-director Sarah Polley knows how to elicit finely etched performances by making the most out of small moments.
Thoughtfully probes the pitfalls of coupledom and third-party threats.
Despite a few tonal and structural missteps, this intelligent, perceptive drama proves as intimately and gratifyingly femme-focused as Polley's 2006 debut, Away From Her.
One of the most incisive films in recent memory about adult relationships, "Take This Waltz" astonishes in its raw, unaffected intimacy.
Take This Waltz takes a wrong term late in the proceedings as it hammers home a central theme in a hurried and awkward manner, but the film's emotional truth and honesty allows us to forgive a great many flaws.
The film is a bit indulgent and downbeat, but it speaks so eloquently that we can't help but be moved.
a soap opera for people who don't watch soap operas; Dawson's Creek for those who scoff at the prospect of watching James van der Beek, Katie Holmes and - yes - Michelle Williams, shooting the pop culture breeze.
A respectful and creative treatment of sex and the mysteries of love by director Sarah Polley with a stunning performance by Michelle Williams.
Margot's muddled personality will infuriate some filmgoers but I loved her complexity. Michelle Williams brings the character to life with her finest performance yet.
They say specificity is the key to connecting with general audiences, but this just feels like a Mad Libs version of Blue Valentine, played by hipsters.
Essentially a suburban love triangle, told with undue lack of haste and an uninspiring dramatic flatness that is intended, I suspect, to read as subtlety. To my perhaps insensitive taste, the film is more contrived than convincing
While the film's nudity expresses the baring of the soul and there are some revelatory truthful moments, patience is required to take the journey that Polley signposts
It's a fascinating approach to the storytelling formula, but eventually fails to provide an enveloping psychological study, buried underneath Polley's preference for artificial melancholy.
Polley's mature interest in emotional relationships should bolster the film's arthouse prospects, though an A-list cast isn't likely to help this understated indie make much mainstream summer box office noise.
The movie has many true sentiments, but few true characters on which to hang them.
Take This Waltz is full of chance encounters, some less likely than a lobby with nine hundred windows or a bed where the moon has been sweating.
The idea of the cyclical nature of love and life is ripe for exploration, and Margot is a pleasingly complex character, whose motivations are believable.
[VIDEO ESSSAY] Writer-director Polley's ear for naturalistic dialogue compliments her instincts as a filmmaker.
Terminally quirkly well beyond its expiration minutes.
Once again proves Polley's talents both for writing riveting dialogue and for being able to get unforgettable performances from her actors.
...an erratic yet entertaining sophomore effort from Polley.
Passionate And remarkable.
"Take This Waltz" is frank, erotic, often very funny and sometimes startling, with an underlying tragic sensibility.
For 90% of the film, I thought I knew what TAKE THIS WALTZ was up to, before Polley pulled the carpet out from under me in the final act- and bless her for that!
Michelle Williams and Seth Rogen both hit career highs as a Toronto married couple smothered by their own coziness. But somehow, the material doesn't seem ambitious enough for Polley.
This is delicate, beautiful work, well-observed and powerful, and I walked out of the theater emotionally rocked...
Take this Waltz confirms Polley as a serious, intelligent talent.
This sophomore feature is a stumble backwards in terms of maturity.

@highlight

Featuring excellent work from an outstanding cast, the bittersweet drama Waltz proves that in the right hands, a familiar tale can still ring true.