Unsure of how trashy or high-minded the movie should be, the director is content to watch you squirm.
I wonder how many more times Lawrence will get away with using her appeal to sell something that's so utterly unappealing.
Even if the story runs out of steam before its final requisite twist, it's an entertaining ride.
"Red Sparrow" is an entertaining espionage film that works because of its candid and cynical worldview ... unfortunately (Red Sparrow is) attempting to portray the exploitation by the villains from an exploitative perspective.
It's quite the emotional journey, going from peering through our fingers to derisive chuckles.
Unfortunately, Jennifer Lawrence gives one of her worst performances...[Full Review in Spanish]
'Red Sparrow' flies into graphic violence, smart script.
Either way, the production degenerates into a mere exhibition of feminine charms, often without motivation. [Full review in Spanish]
Red Sparrow isn't great in any way, but, at two hours and twenty minutes, we do get our money's worth of old-school genre entertainment, and with action that jumps nicely about the globe from Washington to Moscow to Budapest to London.
Not for every palate, to put it mildly.
Personally, I enjoyed the multiple twists, even if sometimes it felt like one had to keep notes on who was spying for whom exactly after the latest volte-face.
At its best, it is solidly engaging, blistering and intense filmmaking; at its worst, well, in a post award season schedule, it's still one of the better, more original releases in the cinematic landscape at the moment.
Far from being another Atomic Blonde or Jason Bourne flick, Red Sparrow aspires to be a spy film with its feet on the ground. [Full Review in Spanish]
Anyone hoping for a stylish, fluid action thriller a la John Wick or Atomic Blonde will be sorely disappointed. Despite the occasional glimmers of style, Red Sparrow flies right past dumb fun and smacks right into dumb.
I still like Lawrence (even with bangs). She's such a good actor that her cheekbones seem to change nationalities as effectively as her accent does. But she can't keep wasting her time on sub-par material like this.
Frequently, it feels like Red Sparrow is putting Lawrence in the same situation as Dominika, using her for the audience's gratification.
Fails to elicit any ounce of intrigue or passion in a cold fish of an espionage film that fails to deliver on both.
A more tawdry sex romp would have been fun; a more balanced, honest, tightly-plotted spy thriller could have been brainy.
Straight-faced and seriously silly, this is by no means a great film -nor even a very good one- but it's got a nifty, nasty kick to it.
Secrets, lies, sex, moles, traitors, CIA and Russian Intelligence pave the way for the action, but by the time the final confrontation takes place, it is difficult to care about who did what to whom.
Unfortunately, the recently released "Red Sparrow"... falls far short of what could have been.
Red Sparrow is a good-looking, well performed, somewhat worthy espionage thriller that's hard to recommend to anyone.
The contemporary setting of Red Sparrow at least allows a respite from the tacky CGI that usually overwhelms Francis Lawrence's films, but it only gives us more time to focus on his clunky storytelling skills and inability to sustain tension.
In rekindling the Cold War studio film, 'Red Sparrow' brings a little '70s exploitation to the political thriller.
Jennifer Lawrence delivers another audacious performance in this skewed, exploitative espionage thriller.
Although it unleashes some shrewd twists in the final hour, the story overall is more convoluted than clever.
... horribly violent, horribly sexualized exploitation version of Mad Magazine's "Spy v. Spy."
Like any good spy film, "Red Sparrow" has a number of twists that you may not see coming. In this way, it resembles another popular series, "Mission: Impossible."
... a depressing slog, filled with its own sense of inflated self-importance...
It'll attract a cult--one it genuinely deserves--for all the wrong reasons.
[Jennifer] Lawrence does her best as always, but if you want to see a stylish spy movie that doesn't feel the need to repeatedly sexually assault its lead, rent Atomic Blonde instead.
There isn't much chemistry between the leads, and their sex scenes don't sizzle, but the fault lies with the dopey, confusing script by Justin Haythe that fails to develop their characters with any depth or purpose.
The movie is a refrigerator, and you can smell that something's gone bad in it.
Red Sparrow sounds as if it has a foolproof recipe: sex, spies and Russia. But the only way to make sense of this thudding, clichéd would-be thriller is to think of it as an unintentional comedy.
Lawrence looks like she's having fun playing spy vs. spy, but she's far too talented to waste her time on movies this mediocre.
Many bluffs, feints and subterfuges are in store before the piece reaches its quite satisfying destination, mostly capably handled by its strong cast (even if they are doomed to speak with those preposterous pseudo-Slavic rolled "r"s).
[Jennifer Lawrence] throws herself into her role with abandon (cf. mother!), suggesting, pace how some directors cast her, that her bravura dramatic energy flourishes best in worlds of genre extremes.
The first half of Red Sparrow is so distinctly terrible, revolting and kind of boring that it's almost mean of me to recommend the movie - but hear me out.
...it's finally impossible to label Red Sparrow as anything more than an overlong, underwhelming thriller that's predominantly, incongruously devoid of thriller attributes.
A ponderous and abstract yet fascinating spy thriller.
Red Sparrow, unfortunately, is not such a movie, and is in fact so bad that it ought to be Exhibit A in the case against men ever being allowed to direct female-led action movies.
No matter what you make of it, Red Sparrow is an odd, peculiar beast of a movie that, like its main protagonist, you don't really know what to make of it.
Red Sparrow is an exploitative film that banks on the use and abuse of the female body for no reason other than for it to be a plot device.
Red Sparrow may not be as funny, grabby, tense or intelligent as it could have been...Still, it's a slick, well-appointed and surprisingly nasty piece of work for most of its 139-minute running time.
Red Sparrow is many things. Regrettably, a good movie isn't one of them.
It's an intriguing screenplay with a few subplots lurking in the background but it never quite fulfils its promise.
Red Sparrow has a woman problem.
Almost prides itself on not being an "action movie", but it simply replaces traditional action - gunfights, fistfights, car chases - with multiple torture sequences, and, of course, the odd rape.
It is raw, and it can be disturbing, but it's a brave, brave film.
When you've got talent like Jen Lawrence fronting your movie, the least you could do would be to just to develop her character. Just a little bit.
... well worth the ticket price. [Full review in Spanish]
This is a male idea of female empowerment.
Neither charms, nor scares. [Full Review in Spanish]
We remain in suspense. We don't know who is hiding what from whom. The emphasis on styling reinforces this dynamic, but it also inevitably takes away from the kind of characterization that marks an actually good spy movie.
...a graphic and brutal espionage tale, a movie that isn't afraid of using sensitive themes or showing us the consequences of an intense torture...[Full review in Spanish]
Because of its shocking content, I could never recommend Red Sparrow. Yet the fact that it was made at all-with Hollywood's third-highest-paid actress, no less-seems worthy of attention.
Red Sparrow is intended to be a sexy thriller, but it's little more than a canvas for one director's limited vision of women, of which there are only two stereotypes.
The tension feels a little mechanical, but it's there. Yet it doesn't click the way we're used to because the lead is female, the main weapon is sexuality and the moral needle never points in any clear direction
...the most daring and unprejudice role of [Jennifer Lawrence's] career, proving that she is the closest thing there is in Hollywood to a great star of the golden years currently in the industry. [Full Review in Spanish]
Jennifer Lawrence is a great performer, with a beautiful voice and total control of her body and face. [Full Review in Spanish]
Something feels like it's missing. [Full Review in Spanish]
...a cast full of great performers. [Full Review in Spanish]
[Lawrence] spends much of the new film looking blank and sculpted, and all the double-dealings lend her not a tincture of mystery.
Red Sparrow is long, slow and unpleasant to watch. It's best to forget its horrible state and hope Lawrence quickly finds a stronger part that allows her charisma to shine.
the potential for in depth look into the dark world of East-West espionage is buried with a script that is more titillating than interesting.
Francis Lawrence's film is hammy and grandiose, and has delusions of geopolitical relevance, but is considerably less awful than I thought it was going to be, and strangely entertaining.
Alas, this is one sparrow that just doesn't fly.
Would that the film had measured up to its own trashy promise.
A terminally slow-moving spy flick that would have been more thrilling if its less-than-mind-blowing twists had been played out with a bit more pace.
Atomic Blonde chose to wear its danger on its sleeve -- Red Sparrow, on the other hand, is content to merely shove it into its jockstrap. The entire endeavor plays out with even less believability than any given Spy vs. Spy cartoon from MAD's golden age.
An odd movie that feels too long, while giving the sense the best scenes were cut.
Slow pacing and a good but not great performance by Jennifer Lawrence detract from the movie, but the twists and turns plus a strong supporting cast lift it up to above average status.
The film is too anchored by silliness to take off.
Red Sparrow is a promising beginning to a potential new spy franchise. Just be aware of its unexpectedly barbed edges.
The tone is relentlessly bleak, and for all its depraved sexuality the film's gaze is more drooling teenage boy than genuinely adult or erotic.
A gripping spy story that will have you shifting uncomfortably in your seat.
If there was any question whether Jennifer Lawrence is going to go the distance as an actress, one only has to look at her choice of roles.
Lawrence had a great chance to register a new female action hero into the modern-day canon. What an opportunity missed.
A guy's fantasy of an empowered woman's story. She's smart! She's capable! She's sexy! She's nude! She's degraded! Wait...
Explicit and boundary-pushing. Engrossing for audience members unafraid of edginess.
The robust plot ... keeps one riveted through the twists and turns, even as it challenges viewers' sensibilities with disturbing scenes of sexual assault and brutality.
Dominika's tendency to carry on and keep seducing even when surrounded by absurdity and implausibility becomes an unwitting metaphor for Red Sparrow's failed ambitions. The cast groans with heavyweights who labour on.
That level of sophistication, and the need to really pay attention, make Red Sparrow feel far more like a grown-up September release than one hitting theaters in early March.
The rest of the long-winded, twisty-turny narrative doesn't make a lick of sense. In place of tension or suspense, you have an amoral cat-and-mouse game played across several swish locations.
As a defiantly old-fashioned spy narrative, an occasionally bracing examination of gender politics and as a showcase for another strong performance by Jennifer Lawrence, it is enough of a success.
It's the centerpiece of high-gloss, highly sexualized espionage claptrap with an overlay of faux female empowerment: Dominika is pretty much an equal-opportunity scourge.
Red Sparrow is like 'Tinker Tailor Soldier Spy,' but only if it were directed by Showgirls-era Paul Verhoeven. That's something of a compliment, but it's also a warning.
Consistently intriguing and at times even compelling, though it does seem a bit out-of-date, as well as arguably overlong.
Lurid but not quite trashy thriller from director Francis Lawrence, who puts his Hunger Games star Jennifer Lawrence through trials that never made it into their previous, PG-13 collaboration.
By homing in on her character, the filmmakers stay true to her part of the book, but they cut away too much of what gives this kind of entertainment its charm and variety.
This is a cleverly scripted, well-acted and in its way timely movie, but not one for the squeamish.
Jennifer Lawrence's focused, nakedly raw performance is sensational.
There is, one suspects, a post-Cold War caper buried deep in this muddled, insanely boring film. But apparently it has no intention of surfacing or blowing its cover.
Red Sparrow gives the impression that Jennifer Lawrence needs to take a break to recharge her batteries.
Tinker Tailor Soldier Sparrow? Um, no. Early Razzie contender with Jennifer Lawrence in title role and Charlotte Rampling as cross between Rosa Klebb and Minerva McGonagall.
I left Red Sparrow with no sense of satisfaction. I'm not sure what the takeaway is supposed to be. I'd prefer to get these messages in a movie that didn't make me feel as if I, too, had been victimized.
No matter how many exotic hairstyles and makeup jobs [Lawrence] gets, "Red Sparrow" does not have a breath of life in it.
Red Sparrow couldn't be more timely. If only it were a better movie.
... Jennifer Lawrence shines at the epitome of the femme fatale/spy archetype. [Full review in Spanish]
With its gripping and violent story of espionage and sex, bolstered by an all-star cast of award-winning actors, Red Sparrow's downfall is the fact that there simply isn't enough room in its considerable run-time to do its own world justice.
My point is, Red Sparrow is perfectly O.K., a handsomely mounted espionage drama that never really gets the blood up but proves to be passable, if graphic, entertainment here in the doldrums of late winter.
Expecting 'Atomic Blonde: Russian Dressing?' You'll be disappointed ... and then pleased at what you see instead.
[Red Sparrow] sounds just ridiculous enough to be fun, with the added star power of a kick-ass JLaw. Instead, [it's] is a slow slog that features nary a single pirouette-turned-kick-to-the head.
[A] shamelessly entertaining film with more than enough nude torture to appeal to the B-movie crowd and a cast that will draw in cinephiles in spite of themselves.
Red Sparrow, a joyless genre exercise, inadvertently advances the premise that most, maybe all male-female mating could be thought of as a ruse, the basest kind of transaction, the bleakest form of pleasure.
And J. Law, who I like, was way too J. Law to work in this. I couldn't fall into the movie enough to ignore her hair and accent, and I just kept thinking about how women shouldn't have to be raked over coals to be found compelling.
Gives off whiffs of old-time exploitation filmmaking-Love Camp 7, maybe, or one of the Ilsa movies.
A raw, robust thriller of the sort that doesn't come around often enough.
The perfect movie for our times: retro in its sensibilities, modern in its aesthetics, with sex and violence to keep interest from waning in its ripped-from-the-headlines subject.
[An] overlong but far-from-unwatchable thriller.
Red Sparrow is the kind of outrageous nonsense that might pass the time on a long-haul flight.
Red Sparrow is stylish and tense enough, but the writing is run-of-the-mill and the film lacks the soul of something like the Nikita movies.
"Red Sparrow" is Lawrence's show, and she navigates the role with steely grace and unwavering courage.
The director lurches from titillation to grotesquery, dangling Jennifer Lawrence's beauty as a carrot and moments of ice pick discomfort as the stick.
Kevin Feige and the rest of the Marvel Studios crew can rest easy in that Red Sparrow didn't beat them to making a great Black Widow movie.
The sense of disappointment increases as the plot contorts, a dated spy movie ethos enveloping it, right to the end.
The locations and the costumes all look great, but the drama is inert, without the kind of gradually building suspense that should sustain a movie like this.
Sex, seduction, violence, torture, deception, spies, russians, nudity, twists, turns - what more can you ask for especially with Jennifer Lawrence in charge?
This psychosexual thriller indulges in titillating costumes and taboo role-playing ... but ultimately punishes anyone who derives pleasure from foreplay, fantasy, or coitus.
Red Sparrow is sporadically a sexy fun, exciting spy thriller which doesn't overly offend - but sadly it's also overlong, confusing and cliched.
...twists galore, some I don't remember from the book...Lawrence and Edgerton are very good but Schoenaerts outshines them...despite an ill-advised ending and a little too much graphic violence the story holds up and there is tension throughout.
... as a movie about being Jennifer Lawrence, about having everyone think they understand you simply because they're looking at you all the time, about trying to hide your real life behind ineffective filters, it's much more compelling.
Captures the existential misery of the espionage trade like no film since Tinker, Tailor, Soldier, Spy - despite some willfully opaque plotting.
Lawrence indulges romanticism in the dopiest of places.
The result: A medium-grade thriller that relies on Lawrence and a reliable cast, but which comes off as watered-down and more than a bit weary.
Ballerina turned whore-spy? This is like a cheap porn scenario, and the Hollywood gloss makes it worse. Risible yet tedious, yet another movie by men that thinks it's critiquing misogyny yet is indistinguishable from it.
The film, obviously, is a joke, yet tragically unaware of it.
Lawrence reunites with her 'Hunger Games' director for a sadistic, sexed-up, Russian spy saga that is one long "Nyet."
"Red Sparrow" defaults to stodgy when its story isn't dishing out the book's explicit sex and violence (including attempted rape), with lines and scenes that feel flat and obligatory alternating with ones that have no trouble holding our attention.
Red Sparrow is a brutal, muddled and dispiriting watch, but it may inadvertently be one of the more accurate screen depictions of the messy world of espionage. This is not a recommendation.
Relevant in today's climate, an intelligent spy drama takes wing in 'Red Sparrow'.
This spy adventure is not a power fantasy for women, but a sexual fantasy for men who like to think they're feminist. (Spoilers: they aren't, and neither is Red Sparrow.)
"Red Sparrow" isn't trashy fun like "Atomic Blonde" and it certainly doesn't have the brains of a "Tinker, Tailor, Solider, Spy."
"Red Sparrow" clearly aspires to be a spy thriller in the classic tradition - all the elements are in place. It's the execution that's woefully lacking.
The Russian characters all speak to each other in English with Russian accents that seem to come and go from scene to scene, and the final product bounces from gratuitously nasty to just plain dull.
It's exhaustingly serious...while the script means to be enigmatic about Dominika's allegiances, there's really no question about who's doing what, or why.
What ultimately makes Francis Lawrence's twisted tale of sexual gamesmanship worthwhile is the fearlessness of its leading lady and its uncanny ability to feel both cold and erotic at the same time.
Red Sparrow isn't a good movie, and that's too bad, because you can see what it might have been. The story has intrigue built into it in a way that probably made perfect sense on the page; it just doesn't translate onto the big screen.
... at 140 minutes, Red Sparrow is way more of a slog than it should have been, there is also so much plot crammed into the running time it suggests that the novel the film is based on could have yielded a decent TV series...
Red Sparrow is too disturbing and brutal to be popcorn entertainment, and by trying to make the uncomfortable storylines and interminable torture sequences palatable for the audience, it completely undermines its ability to operate as a serious drama.
Red Sparrow fails to take flight as the chilling spy thriller you'd expect it to be...Jennifer Lawrence's terrible Russian accent and deadpan act don't help either. Despite the genre and an attractive cast, the film's mind games are way too tiring.
It has the soul of a washing machine instruction manual. I can't recall when I last saw a film that works so hard to stop you enjoying it.
Spy thrillers are supposed to be edge-of-the-seat films but this is too long drawn to be classified as such. It's set up like a chess match and we're supposed to hold our breaths for the denouement. But no one can hold their breath for that long.
A roller coaster of twists and turns, crosses and double-crosses, some of which strain belief but are entertaining in an "Oh, now I get it!" kind of way.
There are moments of campy excess that make it a semi-worthwhile guilty pleasure.
Despite a ludicrous accent and implausible central premise, Lawrence's star presence ensures Red Sparrow is never less than entertaining.
We are not going to anticipate how Dominika transforms into what ends up being in the middle and at the end of the film, but let's say that the name of the uncle (Vanya) is far from taking any reference to Chekhov's work. [Full review in Spanish]
The Fast and Furious franchise treats its women better than this film.
Events make sense, though parts of the plot are hard to follow, but they don't make you grin with anticipation or gasp with excitement.
Although Red Sparrow succeeds at being the sort of routinely paranoid, melodramatic secret-agent yarn that used to drop back in the Reagan era, it overdoes it in the brutality department.
There are gorgeous exteriors of Vienna, Budapest, London and lush hotel interiors. The soundtrack is Tchaikovsky and Mozart. It's like an extended ad for Chanel, except for all the gore.
This romance doesn't exactly generate sparks...Far more entertaining is watching Stephanie Boucher (Mary-Louise Parker), chief of staff for a U.S. Senator, caught up in a game way above her head.
Figuring out whether someone is a double, triple, or quadruple agent isn't a brain-teaser, it's a brain-irritant, especially when the script is so convoluted.
Ms. Lawrence goes all in, seamlessly meeting the movie's physical demands - whether she's dancing onstage or crawling in blood - while turning Dominika into a character who grows more real with each unreal scene.
On balance, Red Sparrow is a reasonable choice for those who don't mind a fair amount of graphic sex and violence mixed in with the spying, back-stabbing, and double-dealing expected from this genre.
Shocking and violent sequences become repetitive and gratuitous, making Red Sparrow feel more like a cheap exercise in exploitation than a visceral tale of survival.
Some interesting ideas, but ultimately just another film using sexual violence as a plot point.
With Cold War tensions arising again in real life, Red Sparrow feels of this time in a cool way, but only Lawrence's spy is memorable in this so-so operation.
Frances Lawrence appears to be under the impression he's making opera, but all he's doing is brewing a pot of Sleepytime Tea.
But that's not enough, especially since Lawrence's efforts at a glacial aloofness just read as boredom, and are boring.
Red Sparrow is not necessarily the reunion fans of The Hunger Games were expecting, but it is definitely the one they need. [Full review in Spanish]
A densely plotted, lurid and rather satisfying spy spectacle whose greatest asset is a movie star showing us why she's a movie star.
J. Law's spy game feels genuinely unpredictable, and not only as a career move.
With its shady Russian subterfuge and systemic abuse of women in the workplace, Red Sparrow is a movie of the moment. However, it's also unstuck from time.
[T]he framing of [the] plot always keeps two central ideas in mind: sex and power.
Destroy the patriarchy, it declares, while ogling this naked body of a woman who's just had her head bashed in.
...astute, provocative, fearless, deliberately perverse and thematically complex.
Red Sparrow is set up to become a possible franchise, and I do hope it does well enough as it is always welcome to see Lawrence in such roles.
It's an entertaining spy movie, more in the vein of a John Le Carré novel than a Jason Bourne adventure, that is engaging throughout its runtime.
It was like catching a laughably bad movie from the late 1980s on cable, and just sitting through it.
Both Lawrences confront Red Sparrow's content in such a forthright, challenging but still cinematic fashion that they deserve kudos. It's just a shame then that they, ultimately, don't do more with it.
Even if you don't enjoy Red Sparrow in the same way the filmmakers intended, it's a solid spy movie if you want an excuse to turn off your brain for two hours and 20 minutes.
The movie suddenly panics as it nears the two-hour mark, injecting some hard-to-watch torture scenes and a bizarre subplot featuring Mary-Louise Parker as a boozy U.S. diplomat with a secret to sell.
By the end, you want to give every Bond villainess a hug.
Red Sparrow turns out to be such a smartly crafted work that it's a shame it thought it had to be prurient to hold our attention.
The movie's focus on sexual violence against Lawrence's character ultimately feels repellent.
Isn't there is a better way to dramatize female willpower? I think so.
'Red Sparrow' is an entertaining spy thriller, full of violence and immense sexual energy, which grabs your interest from start to finish. [Full review in Spanish]
Domenika may be made to suffer but she dishes out the violence as well.
... a push-me-pull-you kind of affair, which somehow chews up almost two and a half hours of screen time in total.
As a vehicle for its lead actress, it's satisfactory, but no more.
Red Sparrow becomes a film that continues to defy the canons of the mainstream, although it does it from a less-than-playful angle. [Full Review in Spanish]
In Red Sparrow Jennifer Lawrence acts like a female impersonator riffing through routines.
It looks great and there are moments of gripping spy-thriller tension as well as those of truly unwatchable torture. But within 15 minutes I was already bored by the plot - a problem when over two hours still stretched ahead.
The twists and turns will keep you guessing and the action and fight scenes will impress; it's not a bad film by any means, but it's not memorable either.
Is somewhat of a dull affair and one that runs counter to the idea that using sex as an element of female empowerment only works when the character isn't forced into the position to survive.
Despite stylish direction by Francis Lawrence and hints of deeper themes about female agency in a world dominated by callous men, the movie never really rises above pulp.
The cast excels at transcending its material. The script by Justin Haythe matches Francis Lawrence's direction; it's workmanlike and steady and pretty flat.
Some have commented that "Red Sparrow" is too long. I loved it --- for me, it just "flew" by.
Lawrence has now rendered the most challenging role of her career, and her best performance, by far.
The greatest disappointment about Red Sparrow is that it could've been so much more than it was, so thank god it looked beautiful because it is badly written and confusing.
... Jennifer Lawrence is the spy we want on our side. [Full review in Spanish]
What kicks it into a higher level is that it's a terrific vehicle for Jennifer Lawrence, one of the few movie stars who deserves one, who is a film star in the classic sense.
The film's unquestionable high point is Lawrence's character bellowing the accusing line in her Boris-and-Natasha accent: "You sent me to whore school!"
The film is beautiful to look at, but it's empty and meaningless. The sensational images add up to a whole lot of provocation, but there isn't a shred of substance to be found... There's nothing empowering about this character or her story.
It's another unconventional choice by an actress who refuses to be pigeonholed, and she's cast to perfection in this solid thriller.
'Red Sparrow' is a big, sprawling and unapologetically nasty spy drama, one more rooted in character, sex and violence than action beats.
When Lawrence plays to the cheap seats, the film comes to life. When she's the blank slate expected of a spy thriller, it falters.
Jennifer Lawrence and Joel Edgerton's chemistry is colder than Moscow in January.
I give Red Sparrow the benefit of the doubt that it wanted to portray the dehumanization of women in an socially responsible way. They failed, but they couldn't have been this off base on purpose.
Unpleasant and unnecessarily exploitative of its female lead, the film exists only to show off its leading lady's body, breaking her down as a means of "empowering" her.
The end result is flaccid, more convinced of its intelligence than it should be, and painfully overlong.
Rather than offering the escapism the spy genre usually provides, Francis Lawrence's film is a brutal plunge into a world of sexual assault and degradation.
An ice cold procedural, where bodies become little more than tools for the state, in a flesh for secrets game that leaves everyone who plays physically and spiritually damaged.
People who crave a movie about a secret agent with her own sexual agency - and a mission to give male predators exactly what they deserve - are going to want front-row seats. And a sequel.
As a thriller, it's not entirely successful, but compensates by being significantly darker and weirder than your average studio film.
Overlong, but overall effective spy-thriller. Jennifer Lawrence commands the screen like a true starlet.
Jennifer Lawrence has her wings clipped by spies, seduction and sexual slavery in this big budget thriller with a sharp political edge.
Red Sparrow isn't nearly as smart as it thinks it is, but it's maybe just smart enough to keep an audience entertained.
Red Sparrow is a frustrating film. I would say that I liked about half of it, and the other half I had a difficult time grasping.
Jennifer Lawrence overcomes the obstacles and makes out fine, mixing steely drive and a hint of vulnerability to make Dominika intensely watchable, even when the movie around her trudges on behind her.
Frequently ludicrous, it is a powerful vehicle, nonetheless, for Lawrence as an unbreakable woman.
Red Sparrow, at its core, is about a woman's emancipation from the various men who control her: her ballet partner, her uncle, her lover, and the patriarchal state. Why cheapen that with a tepid romantic interest?
It's probably Lawrence's most intense and demanding role since her breakthrough in 2010's Winter's Bone, the film that earned her the first of four Oscar nominations.
Lawrence gives a performance that is sexy and as complex as she can make it, but we leave thinking there was more about Dominika that could have been explored.
Jennifer Lawrence smolders as a deceptive bird of prey in this erotic spy thriller.
A rousing crime thriller that arrives at just the right time during the #MeToo movement to serve as a form of much-needed catharsis. If you loved The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo, you'll also love Red Sparrow.
Red Sparrow runs long, but captivates with a strong lead performance and shocking violence. It is easily the most graphic film we've seen from Jennifer Lawrence.
Thoughts of the #MeToo movement danced in my head as I watched a spy thriller about sleazy men ogling a woman who is forced by her bosses to get naked to complete her mission and stay employed.
Overall, if you're a fan of the spy genre, there's a lot to like in Red Sparrow. If you're like me, however, you may be left wanting a bit more.
The introduction sees Dominika's beloved dancing career ended by a nasty leg injury, but following her first espionage mission, she is an infinitely stronger woman in both body and mind, and really, that's the world's best weapon
Red Sparrow fills a much-needed gap for adult-oriented, thinking thrills even if it loses its nerve at the end.
More uncomfortable for the audience than it was for the person being tortured.
A mix of trashy and classy, "Red Sparrow" is a sleek, juiced-up espionage thriller that overdoes everything: its brutal violence, its dramatic flourishes, its hairpin plot twists, and most certainly its sexpot shamelessness.
A lavishly costumed, location-enhanced thriller, Red Sparrow carries itself along briskly enough (even with a 139-minute running time, the most indulgent thing about it), but it's never especially brain-twisting or nerve-wracking.
The movie resonates with a precise topicality for an audience reeling from the exhumed shadow of the Soviet threat.
Striking a sometimes uneasy balance between trust-no-one espionage and sensationalism, Sparrow seems likely to attract a fairly large audience but leave few moviegoers fully satisfied.
Anchored by Jennifer Lawrence's performance, Red Sparrow is a slow-burn spy/seductress thriller that's shiny on the surface, yet lacking in depth.
With its highbrow Tinker Tailor Soldier Spy -like ambitions unrealized, Red Sparrow ultimately plays a lot simpler than it initially suggests, even if a cathartic conclusion rewards the patience of those with tough constitutions.
Its only defining trait is its screwed-up sense of feminism.
... Red Sparrow is not exactly the home run Lawrence could do with right now. But it's far from a disaster.
...despite Jennifer Lawrence's best effort, [Red Sparrow] isn't quite at the same level as the espionage thrillers that have come before.
A light and enjoyable thriller was probably on the cutting room floor here, but what ended up in theatres is a very long, straight-faced and weirdly morbid drama, that tries to make up for itself with some pretty extreme and nauseating violence.
A solid espionage thriller that's lifted by its charismatic leads, Red Sparrow commits to the brutality of its subject matter, meaning it's never easy viewing.
Elegantly tense and absorbing.
While Red Sparrow ultimately doesn't earn its all-consuming, grueling dourness, there are a few thrills to be had.
Jennifer Lawrence is an actor who is often most at home when her character is giving the stare of death to her enemies. In Red Sparrow, that just constitutes as foreplay.
Marginally intriguing at first, as it progresses, "Red Sparrow" becomes more and more familiar and rote.
Neither intelligent enough to be involving nor fun enough to be trashy, this is a movie that would only work if it were a little worse or a lot better.
I liked Lawrence a lot, and Red Sparrow's ending does deliver.
Lawrence plays this spy-seductress as a largely unemotional poker-faced Russian stoic. It kind of works in this context.
There's a brisk efficiency with which Red Sparrow zig-zags from plot point to plot point, never giving fateful or conspicuous weight to all the breadcrumbs that point toward its long game.

@highlight

Red Sparrow aims for smart, sexy spy thriller territory, but Jennifer Lawrence's committed performance isn't enough to compensate for thin characters and a convoluted story.