Michael Bay has made a movie that's just thoughtful enough.
A grim example of the worst impulses of Hollywood filmmaking in the 2000s given unfettered room to flourish.
For the second half of the film, it's all chase and chase and chase some more, with little audience involvement in how it turns out.
The Island is very much a Michael Bay film, with all of the stylistic touches that entails.
Only in a Bay movie can we sit for two hours watching super models trying to survive a world of supermodels and fast cars.
A stunning futuristic thriller about cloning and immortality, The Island combines spectacle with controversy.
The pace of this roller coaster ride becomes too furious to remember that it all started out as an adventure addressing some pertinent ethical issues about the pitfalls of stem cell research, cloning, and bio-genetics.
Actually a fairly decent sci-fi thriller for its first half.
It seems to assume that its audience is made of idiots, constantly reminding us of the simple plot details and having characters define things for each other.
... a darker, R-rated sci-fi dramatic cut of The Island exists somewhere... buried right next to the only copy of the Schwarzenegger-free print of The 6th Day.
The film remains a patchwork of clichés -- evil corporations, evil Frankenstein-like scientists, and so forth -- which is the one kind of cloning that Hollywood does accept.
Bay must have taken one look at the sci-fi script with its overtones of bleak Orwellian dystopia, and thought, "I wonder how many car crashes I can cram into this."
heart-breaking experience for all the fans of classic science fiction films
Like its slack-jawed clones, The Island is full of energy and incredibly pretty but burdened with only the minimum of smarts.
If only some of that product placement coin was spent on working on a few more drafts of the screenplay, The Island could have been a much better film.
Pone el dedo en la llaga respecto a uno de los temas más controvertidos de la ciencia actual y los grupos religiosos más importantes: la actitud del hombre de jugar a ser Dios
As usual, Bay stages the action at a breakneck pace that's never frenetic enough to obscure his film's plot holes and logical lapses.
Si "robar" ideas de varias películas fuera un delito en Hollywood, los productores de La Isla estarían condenados a cadena perpetua.
The story is crap, but the sight of two hot-looking stars running around the screen in their tighty-whities is something of a relief.
What a Fun Ride, I think it's Bay's Best!
.
This is a futuristic thriller about cloning, which is ironic given that The Island is a clone of half a dozen much better sci-fi movies.
It's extremely well acted by McGregor and Johansson, both of whom bring more to their roles than the script really deserves.
It's a movie about clones, which is fitting because this is a clone... - cool action, but it tries to be too many different kinds of films and spreads itself too thin.
As a whole, it's only almost good. But it's full of good elements, and it never made me furious.
[T]here's plenty to enjoy in the more intimate, character-based moments, if you can cope with the relentlessly overblown action that surrounds them.
Unapologetically action-oriented but it has a passionate subtext too - this Michael Bay's take on every sci-fi movie ever made.
A confused but moderately entertaining confection, a film that feels as much of an artificial construct as the world inhabited by Lincoln Six Echo and his fellows.
Kudos to Bay for not only envisioning a bleak future that might one day come to be (and keeping those neurons firing) but also for keeping the action thrilling.
What really distinguishes 'The Island' is that it's a Michael Bay movie with a compelling idea, or at least a resonant question: What does it mean to be human?
Veraniega en el sentido más comercial de la definición, sobresale en su género particular, en un buen nivel dentro de ese cine que no pide muchas neuronas (clonadas o no).
Once you push past the topicality, the film is pretty simplistic - not to mention derivative.
Utterly heedless of any ideas of logic, plot development, or even spatial sense.
The action is sometimes exciting and occasionally clever but, like most Bay run/drive/explode sequences, it's mechanical and less involving than it ought to be.
This is one heck of a stupid movie...just the thing to enjoy with that wonderful invention known as air conditioning.
Bay's enormous success has placed him beyond strictures of moderation. The Island is a full hour too long, and, watching it, you can smell the budget and watch it burn.
What begins on an extended note of sci-fi excitement sinks under its own weight, the victim of a castaway plot.
Rotten to the core.
What the clone lovers find is a new world -- it's 2019 -- of highway collisions, flying motorbikes, exploding buildings, bad acting and moral incoherence, very much like old Bay movies.
A high-energy sci-fi thriller that's smarter, edgier and more exciting than the usual action-packed summer blockbuster.
Since Michael Bay never knows when enough is enough, every chase is restaged over and again and the narrative matrix is as simplistic as it is repetitive.
The Island is eventually slammed with a Michael Bay tsunami, a wave of action sequences that are so preposterous they drown the excellent premise ...
Viewers will be contemplating the commentary on life, death and humanity -- after they pop Advils for their pounding headaches.
An intelligent, provocative premise wrapped in a bone-chillingly stupid action movie.
The movie's first part works as provocative sci-fi, and the second part works as mindless action mayhem, but the two parts never manage to find a satisfactory coexistence.
Give Michael Bay credit for trying to address something more than pyrotechnics. (And credit as well for some of the most avant-garde montages this side of experimental film.)
Phrases like 'lowest-common-denominator filmmaking' and 'ode to conspicuous consumption' seem suitable.
Veering from the "Michael Bay is the Devil" talking points, I gotta say I admire The Island for its ability to be smart, edgy, and entertaining at once. Bay, good job!
Is Michael Bay the world's worst living filmmaker? Evidence continues to mount...
An Island worth visiting. Bay action proves a good mix with McGregor humour.
It is never flat-out awful.
If you're gonna sell your soul in Hollywood, The Island is about as good as it gets
About half-way through The Island I realized what had happened: Director Michael Bay just plain went nuts behind the camera.
The dismissal of the artistry behind this movie should be enough to disqualify a critic from ever judging a futuristic psychological action thriller fantasy again.
You have Ewan McGregor and Scarlett Johansson, these terrific actors reduced to saying, 'Go, go and duck' and hanging from buildings and all that stuff. And it just falls apart.
Démarre bien avant de devenir une démonstration des pires tics de son réalisateur.
When Johansson whispers to McGregor, 'We are the island'; the retch factor goes into high gear.
It veers toward the profound and then shockingly bolts for a finish line that looks a lot like box office receipt tape.
My bladder wants more for its suffering.
The closest thing so far to a good Michael Bay film [but] whatever cautionary or entertainment value The Island may have must be considered stolen goods.
A typical run-and-chase Bay-a-thon before morphing into a Polyphonic Spree video at the very end.
If you like Maxim, you will love The Island.
Predictably bloated with Michael Bay's trademark bombast and migraine-inducing excess.
Only Michael Bay would remake a 'Mystery Science Theater 3000' movie."
The Island boasts a neat sci-fi story, but director Michael Bay can't help but blow that up, too
...brilliant...a good, highly entertaining movie with a laudable moral on a controversial issue. Kudos to Michael Bay, Warner Bros. and DreamWorks for making this film.
While this isn't top flight science fiction, at least it is real science fiction.
Michael Bay's The Island is actually two films with vastly different styles struggling for possession of the screen.
The Island is the sort of movie that gives science fiction a bad name.
Michael Bay finally accepts the challenge of an intelligent script. He doesn't screw it up.
To say that The Island is Michael Bay's best movie to date is more than a backhanded compliment, particularly for discriminating moviegoers
Unless you like watching destruction, you could easily leave after the first hour and miss nothing important. You know how it will end.
If you can turn off your brain, The Island is one of the more enjoyable movies this summer.
The real surprise is Bay's subtle, subversive subtext -- not just old chestnuts like appearance-and-reality but down-to-earth issues like abortion and stem-cell research.
McGregor is clearly having some fun here, but he also adds a level of subtlety that Bay's movies usually lack.
The good ideas drown mercilessly in a sea of idiocy, the banality barely concealed by a monotonous series of crash, boom, bang so concussive hitting one's head against a brick wall would seem benign in comparison.
I loved it...you get your money's worth, and there's actually a story in there with all the pants-pooping excitement.
Basically one crazy chase after another, which is fitting considering that it's directed by Michael Bay.
The Island is nothing so dull as a total failure. But it has enough surprises up its clingy white sleeve to make you wish it were better.
If you find yourself at The Island I have only three words of advice: Vote yourself off.
Michael Bay's stab at grafting his brand of high-octane mayhem onto an idea-driven sci-fi story gets off to a promising start before degenerating into endless car chases and stuff blowing up.
I'm not sure which is worse: a movie without ideas or one that has ideas, but no idea what to do with them.
If The Island qualifies as cheese deluxe even by Michael Bay standards, it's because it's the only one in his lavishly decadent oeuvre that actually pretends to trade in ideas.
Once they're outside -- in a dispiriting vision of our near-future -- Bay falls back on his old playbook, creating more mayhem per square inch than in all his other movies combined.
Mindless, soulless, overlong, sleek looking popcorn action thriller.
On its own terms, The Island is just fine.
[Bay] turns what had been a thoughtful science-fiction film into a series of car crashes and jarring cuts.
There is something familiar about it all. Yet with the addition of a plot and even a few ideas, one cannot call this a clone of his earlier work.
Bay's action is flashy enough to compensate for some of the shortcomings of the script.
Bay's best and worst film.
The story splicing isn't any smoother than the movie's own awkward bio-engineering, and by the film's finale it's hard to care much about any of it.
[Bay's] best film since The Rock.
Theaters showing Michael Bay's futuristic thriller The Island won't be offering any money-back guarantees. They just need to be sure they have enough popcorn on hand.
The Island grows dumber as it goes along, gradually disintegrating into a generic good-versus-evil spectacular that not only defies all known laws of gravity and physics, but also suffers from the lack of morality that plagues Bay's films.
Pure Bay. Utterly soulless. Earplugs optional.
The Island starts out as a passably good sci-fi flick. Then it turns into a Michael Bay movie.
This movie is so bad it's good, especially because Ewan McGregor helps sell the silliness with a strong performance that would have worked in a much more serious film.
Its tale was more tame and thoughtful when Steven Spielberg, having done the related Artificial Intelligence, pitched it to Bay. But Bay, being Bay, punched it up, hiring script doctors to mainline some action.
Like War of the Worlds, The Island is essentially a chase movie where the actors' job is to look good and keep moving.
The Island seems like the movie Michael Bay was born to make.
As is inevitably the case with Bay films, The Island goes on long after we have become exhausted from all the breathless fun to be had in high-speed chases and dodging fireballs.
This mixture of sci-fi musing and crash-and-burn chaos packs a wallop only when metal crashes against metal.
Like the first half of Minority Report, Bay's movie creates an entire new world, making us believe it and dread it at the same time.
This is precisely the kind of fun, trashy summer movie that makes you want to plunge both hands into a enormous bucket of popcorn.
Michael Bay has directed a movie worth seeing.
Frequently thrilling.
The Island isn't the best sci-fi thriller out there this summer but it's enjoyable.
Basically an unauthorized gazillion-dollar remake of a fairly obscure no-budget sci-fi flick from 1979 called 'Parts: The Clonus Horror.'
The fit between the two halves of the film -- the sci-fi crispness and the bombastic action excess -- is awkward, and The Island never seems comfortable with itself.
Instead of a movie, he's delivered a beer commercial version of Logan's Run for the lobotomized.
Order from McDonald's and you shouldn't expect steak. Buy tickets for a Bay film and you shouldn't expect Oscar-worthy cinema.
The Island is more than the usual Michael Bay action fest. Beyond the mayhem, there's a timely theme, strapping performances and even jokes.
... A smart sci-fi thriller headlined by an outstanding cast.
Michael Bay is his own worst enemy.
If you don't leave the theater with aching eyes and ringing ears, Bay and company won't feel they've done their job properly.
For about an hour, you forget this is a Michael Bay movie. Then the fierworks start coming and never stop.
It doesn't make a lick of sense, of course, but we don't care. This is the real Attack of the Clones, baby!
In the mind-numbing final hour... you stop being flabbergasted and just start praying for the end of the movie, this horrible Island vacation.
The Best Sci-Fi/Action Film of The Year has Arrived! Set Sail for The Island!
High-octane action/thriller with the ominous premise of genetic cloning
The Island is very much a Michael Bay film, with all of the stylistic touches that entails; however, a strong storyline with little digression makes it easily Bay's best film to date.
See this and you'll think someone has harvested your brain.
But despite all of Bay's best efforts, he still managed, through sheer dumb luck, to wind up with a cracking good sci-fi adventure that doesn't falter until the second half.
Dimwitted, action-flailing mediocrity....Michael Bay...[said,] "I always say, '**** the critics'"...I'll tell you what I always say: "Michael Bay is a tool."
A sci-fi action picture ... that's funny and fun.
...an over-simplification of the film's more heady implications and...a whole lot of excuses to blow s**t up.
Michael Bay delivers what may be a perfect summer movie, with brains and guts beneath sleek, muscular knockout action.
Contrary to how it appears, The Island is the same overdirected mess that Bay has been serving up for 10 years, only this time disguised as a creative leap forward.
A smart movie directed in a stupid fashion.
Bay's relentless bombast is no less irritating here than it was in Pearl Harbor, or Bad Boys II, or The Rock.
I don't care what anyone says: A Michael Bay movie that boasts a few thought-provoking ideas is absolutely a step in the right direction.
The Island is exactly what you expect from a summer action film with plenty of explosions, an amazing car chase and a beautiful woman.
Michael Bay is a master at creating money shots for trailers but -- outside most of The Rock and, at least, the attack sequence in Pearl Harbor -- has consistently failed to stimulate anything but the muscles which create migraines.
The Island is this year's I, Robot.
The first act holds such promise, but by the end, Bay deflates all rooting interest and throws logic out the window in favor of shootouts and been-there-done-that car chases.
Slick entertainment for those satisfied by the well-established genre of mindless summer movies.
For movies of this type, it rarely gets better than 'you could do worse.'
Nothing the actors could have done would have lifted 'The Island' beyond video-game level
The smoking ruins of a few real ideas can be glimpsed among the carnage.
Despite all the firepower, the movie is only sporadically exciting.
After 2 1/2 grueling hours of this, you'll be begging for a trip to the island yourself. A real island, I mean. Not the movie.
Does its job without insulting our intelligence or unpleasantly jangling our nerves, and it leaves hope that beneath all those special-effects explosions there's a kinder, gentler Michael Bay struggling to get out.
While it is too long and runs on automatic pilot toward the predictably concussive conclusion, it is just taut, succinct and entertaining enough to obscure how ridiculous it is.
Starts out as an interesting sci-fi thriller about cloning but then turns and takes a downhill course as just another action drama with crashes and explosions galore.
Degenerates into a fearsome chase movie.
A high-concept movie that director Michael Bay turns into Bad Boys III: Send in the Clones.
The best that I can say about The Island is that it is a well-made popcorner that is well suited as an air conditioning flick or DVD fodder.
...a sci-fier with roots in such films as "Logan's Run," "THX 1138," "Looker" and "Coma," that devolves into one big chase scene after another with lots of explosions
I really hoped The Island would be Michael Bay's second best movie. In actuality, it's only his third best.
As pretty, very human stars, McGregor and Johansson put the main sizzle into The Island, since we've seen this plotline, and this Brave New World, in better sci-fi films.
The Island could be read as a metaphor for societal ills if it weren't so shamelessly dumb.
This lavish, exhaustingly kinetic film is smarter than you might expect, and at the same time dumber than it could be.
As futuristic nightmares go, The Island is pretty appealing.
There's a good idea and an intriguing story hidden underneath all of Bay's boom-booms. Too bad the smoke doesn't clear long enough to see it.
Michael Bay has made a movie that makes you ponder matters more meaningful than how cool that last car chase looked.
The first half is high-quality science fiction, the rest is a high-tech chase adventure with a gleeful yen for destructive thrills.
Classic Bay, except it's missing the crass director's fine-tuned rhythm, his feel for adrenaline, his breakneck edits and sense of humor.
The first half of Michael Bay's new film is a spare, creepy science fiction parable, and then it shifts into a high-tech action picture. Both halves work. Whether they work together is a good question.
What would it take to turn your world upside down? For me, it took seeing a good Michael Bay movie.
The Island is not a great popcorn movie.
The Island is a curious hybrid of intriguing sci-fi premise and over-the-top action sequences. Nevertheless, it manages to provide adrenaline-charged entertainment for two hours.
A pleasantly derivative medley of Logan's Run, THX-1138 and an Obsession for Men ad.
It is what it looks like -- loud, fast, and fulsome, with very pretty, very athletic bodies in white jumpsuits running and leaping.
The Island, which belabors itself for about 45 minutes before you have any idea what's afoot, is a clone itself - of Coma, a '70s medical thriller that once seemed so far-fetched it had to be sci-fi.
A loud, steroidal adrenaline-pumper in which Bay proves yet again that when it comes to smashing, crashing and blowing things up real good, he has few equals.
At its best, The Island is like a Michael Crichton movie without Michael Crichton's smarts.
It may not have Ginger or Mary Ann but this is one island you won't mind being stranded on for a few hours.
Welcome to THX 11-Michael Bay! It's not a science fiction movie, but an incredible simulation!
Most directors use scripts, but Michael Bay shuffles a deck of cards suited EXPLOSION, CAR CHASE, FIGHT and SEX SCENE.
The third act (is) so full of holes it's a wonder the film doesn't get tangled up in the projector.
My eyes hurt. So much action. So many explosions. So few words.
A maturing Michael Bay? It's been that kind of summer.
The Island begins with a whimper of interest as a cool-hued, cautionary exploration of the ethics of cloning, and ends, in a hail of product placement, with a dumb bang.
All Michael Bay movies are evil.
If you go in expecting Batman Begins, you'll be disappointed for sure -- but if you go in expecting a Michael Bay film, you'll likely be pleasantly surprised.
Calling The Island a 'popcorn, old-fashioned summer movie' is fair, but it's also sad, since it could have been more. But movies that aim low rarely achieve any kind of altitude.
Turn off your brain and just have fun.
For Bay, restraint means not dropping a fireball on a large urban center within the first act.
Product placements are seen as a necessary evil, but do they really have to be constantly seen? The film itself doesn't add up to the sum of its ads.
A typical example of Bay's excess...sleek but utterly bombastic and silly.
Hokey, retrograde cornpone.
When making a point about the sanctity of life, the argument is so much stronger when all life falls into that category, not just the chosen
Would I see it again? Maybe I will take my clone. I'm sure he'd like it too.
A clone of Ribert Fiveson's 1979 'The Clonus Horror', but is imaginative, gripping, and foretelling.
Starts off an aggressively derivative sci-fi thriller, then morphs into an above-average chase melodrama.
In his latest exercise in sensory overkill, producer-helmer Michael Bay takes on the weighty moral conundrums of human cloning, resolving them in a storm of bullets, car chases and more explosions than you can shake a syringe at.
Easily Michael Bay's most meaningful, well-formed and provocative work.
A schizoid sci-fi-actioner in which a modest drama about human cloning irritatingly clashes with a typically noisy Michael Bay flick, full of crashes and explosions
You may have to squint through all the smoke and exploding cars to see them, but trust me, the smarts are there.
The Island is an action packed Sci-Fi adventure that carries all the hallmarks (both good and bad) of your typical Michael Bay movie.








@highlight

A clone of THX 1183, Coma, and Logan's Run, The Island is another loud and bombastic Michael Bay movie where explosions and chases matter more than characters, dialogue, or plot.