All in all, this movie was ok. It's not the end of all movies as we know it, and it's not the movie that pierces the heavens either.
There's so much good stuff that I liked in Suicide Squad it's a bummer that it gets so messed up by the bad stuff in there. There's enough good stuff in it that you'll enjoy it, just be prepared that after a while.
Truly, it's hard to care that much about these bad people, or the lightning-belching cloud of debris swirling above Midway, or whether Jared Leto's Joker is disturbing or distracting.
If DC keeps moving in this direction, they'll get it right. They figured out a great balance between humor and emotion and seriousness and character development; the pieces were all there.
Suicide Squad isn't as fun of a ride as Guardians of the Galaxy. It could have been, with more performances like Jared Leto's and Margot Robbie's....
Suicide Squad simply shouldn't be a movie about saving the world like every other superhero movie; the characters are far too interesting and entertaining to be stuck in something so cliché
hile it's not perfect, Suicide Squad is very good and definitely worth catching... It's a film with confidence and swagger, a film in which the sharpness of its dialogue is matched only by the coolness of its (very loud) soundtrack.
Suicide Squad shows all the signs of a movie subjected to heavy studio interference-terrible pacing, horrendous editing, uneven tone.
Somewhere in that mess is a film, possibly a good one. As presented, however, Suicide Squad is a wasted opportunity.
Suicide Squad leans hard on The Avengers and Guardians of the Galaxy as templates, but while Marvel's movies generally zip along, Suicide Squad lurches.
A ragtag assortment of ethnicities, genders and crossbreeds, "Suicide Squad" is not an ode to violence but to the ordered perception we create to rationalize our lust for it, onscreen or otherwise.
For all its cast and crew's inglorious chest-thumping, Suicide Squad is a failed, forced exercise in - of all things! you had one job! - ensemble chemistry.
Based on the screening I attended, I can attest that audiences seemed to genuinely enjoy the jokes and get swept up in the action sequences.
The film fails its characters by not leaving room for them to stand out individually, and it fails women by attempting to sell an overtly abusive relationship as romantic.
It's far from perfect. But the characters are lovable, the world they live in is intriguingly weird, and all in all Suicide Squad offers a playful alternative to DC's more straightforward superhero films.
It is by no means good, and yet I can't bring myself to hate it.
Suicide Squad is a movie that is something of a mess but that jumble, for me, worked in its favor in as many ways as it worked as a negative.
The imagery is just as dark as the premise-the city is a ruined war zone enveloped in night-but otherwise it's another CGI spectacle of big battle set-pieces, epic destruction, and high body count, with the least imaginative jukebox score ever...
Seeing this film was finding moments of incredible happiness nuanced, quickly, by a boring sadness. [Full review in Spanish]
The good news is, it's better than BvS. The bad news is, that's about the best that can be said about it.
Since I'm no avid superhero fan, I hate to choose sides. However, it is clear that what Marvel does consistently is the very thing that DC Comics continues to struggle with.
The standout performances belong to Will Smith, who gets the balance between a dreaded killer and a caring father just right. Margot Robbie too is a hoot as Harley Quinn.
Don't miss this one. And stay for the end credits.
A jukebox of a superhero movie.
The action is a been-there-done-that yawn, the obligatory wisecracks fall flat, and the CGI work looks like outtakes from Ghostbusters. The original.
It's more entertaining than Batman v Superman, the first film in the new DC Comics franchise, but compared with Guardians Of The Galaxy, Marvel's offbeat ensemble, it's anything but super.
Man, DC Comics movies, I am rooting for you, but you are not making it easy.
The sight of Margot Robbie as Harley Quinn dolled up in her sexy anime-inspired outfit offers a mildly pleasing distraction, but the so-so action, with all the requisite explosions and muzzle flash, is very same-same.
[Robbie] is by far the top attraction in Suicide Squad, an otherwise tragically ill-conceived juggernaut from the people who make Superman and Batman.
I am happy to report that Suicide Squad is a significant improvement over its lumpen predecessor.
The stuff that happens is altogether messy in its assemblage, but at least Ayer makes certain to keep it speeding at us quickly.
This Squad is just another example of DC/Warner Bros. arriving late to their own party, and forgetting to bring the wine.
This is a wasted opportunity on so many levels.
A rather aggressively unwatchable comic-book adaptation...
DC's pretty much been about Dark Clouds, Dismal Conditions, and Dire Consequences so far. And so it continues in anti-hero flick Suicide Squad, except for the welcome, bright-eyed relief of an anti-romance between two Deranged Characters.
In Guardians and Avengers both, when the team finally comes together, it's big. Cinematic. Triumphant. That same moment in Suicide Squad feels more like the Ben Stiller-led Mystery Men.
Writer/director David Ayer reportedly penned the script in six weeks, which is painfully obvious from the horrible dialogue, weak characterization, and threadbare plot.
Suicide Squad is an absolute waste of time. [Full review in Spanish]
Needs three more re-writes, more depth to at least two out of the dozen characters at play here, more of a reason to give a rip, and about 15 more minutes of the Joker.
An over-caffeinated, underwhelming succession of skirmishes and squabbles with plot borrowed from X-Men: Apocalypse and lessons not learned from Batman and Robin.
As a lifelong enthusiast of cinematic delirium, I groan at the very thought of Suicide Squad.
It's a shame the movie amounts to so little because there are some great performances.
Jared Leto's tatted-up, bling-brandishing Clown Prince of Crime is more Juggalo than Joker.
One of this year's biggest disappointments. Worst than Batman vs Superman. [Full review in Spanish]
Nothing more than a film dedicated to Batman and Superman's enemies in which they compare their abilities to see who's the best (or worst) of all. [Full review in Spanish]
Beyond the interesting aesthetic, [Suicide Squad] doesn't really have much going for it.
begins with such promise-full of such boisterous, unruly energy and mash-up devil-may-care style-that its eventual descent into the doldrums of formulaic familiarity feels that much more disappointing
As always, The Joker stands apart. And that's what makes him so fascinating.
Conventional logic is typically turned on its head in comic book adaptations, but Suicide Squad is even more lazily plotted than the average saviours-in-tights saga.
'Suicide Squad' doesn't quite go all the way, and it's even below Zack Snyder's recent work. [Full review in Spanish]
Much better than Batman v Superman. [Full review in Spanish]
Generic and poorly executed. You can't help feel sorry for the filmmakers. [Full review in Spanish]
The film has enough action and elements to make it very entertaining. [Full review in Spanish]
It succeeds more than it fails. It's certainly entertaining and Smith is better than he has been in years with Robbie a star in the making, but the structural problems are almost fatal.
Suicide Squat.
A cult film if ever there was one, or should that be cult of personality, chock full of risks and unpredictability.
Ayer probably squeezes the most disreputable fun into this PG-13 film as he was allowed.
For me I'd just be happy to follow Ms. Quinn for a day at the mall. Cyndi Lauper's "Girls Just Want to have Fun" would be the anthem. Leave the Joker at home. Ah, missed opportunities.
Even after years in development hell, Suicide Squad feels half-hearted and unfinished -- like a comic book sketch that hasn't been inked or colored.
Think metaphorically again, and see that Suicide Squad entangles post-Vietnam and post-9/11 notions about heroism and citizenship...Suicide Squad is The Dirty Dozen for millennial viewers (and voters), who think their patriotic moral conflict is new.
A sex bomb liable to explode in your face at any moment, [Margot Robbie's] firecracker character is the best thing about the film.
'Suicide Squad' is nothing to Marvel at.
Knee deep in spent shell casings and sardonic asides, David Ayer's superhero-friendly remake of The Dirty Dozen becomes more conventional as it unfolds.
Suicide Squad is ... disorganized, colorful trash slathered in embossed fonts and spray paint ... missed opportunities, whiffed almost-jokes, and half-baked ideas.
Add Suicide Squad to the growing list of summer 2016 disappointments.
'Suicide Squad' is a rowdy, rambunctious, entertaining flick that strikes the perfect, slightly-darker tone the DC movies have been grasping for to set them apart from Marvel.
Just unpleasant from beginning to end.
This is what happens when the comic book fanboys have taken over the asylum. It is damaged goods from the get-go, the kind of film grown in a petri dish in Hollywood.
Thanks to some interesting characters and some Deadpool-inspired gallows humor, this is a fun film to watch, but not as much fun as it should have been. It has problems, but it does manage to rise a bit above the usual Hollywood mediocrity.
Even with the suspension of disbelief, nothing in the movie makes sense. [Full review in Spanish]
It's disappointing to see all that potential wasted. [Full review in Spanish]
It's not a bad movie, but that doesn't mean it's good either. [Full review in Spanish]
A bad movie, lazy, the product of cashing in instead of making a good film. [Full review in Spanish]
Lighthearted and entertaining without losing the essence of DC Comics. [Full review in Spanish]
The film lives or dies on Margot Robbie's Harley Quinn, and that's a problem, because Ayer doesn't know what to do with her -- or any of his female cast.
Fine, but really ought to have been better.
How many superhero comic-book movies does it take to make you yawn with boredom? If you haven't reached your saturation point, this could push you over the edge as super-heroes are replaced by super-villains...
To say that the movie loses the plot would not be strictly accurate, for that would imply that there was a plot to lose.
As the film's standout, Robbie plays Harley with gusto. Give her a spin off, please.
Embraces virtually all of the clichés of the modern-day superhero genre, and all the pitfalls specific to DC's movies- wasn't it supposed to look cool, at least? (Splice Today)
Despite some major flaws, this film still packs a punch thanks to the performances of Will Smith and Margot Robbie and a few solid action scenes.
Suicide Squad had the potential to be an awesome superhero summer blockbuster, but feels more like a rushed unification of underwhelming action, a disappointing story, and stale character development.
Taken from a popular DC comic series... helmed by a star quality director... peppered with a highly skilled, all-star cast ... What could go wrong? Nearly everything.
Leto's doing his very best Heath Ledger (when he's doing anything at all), but his work has none of Ledger's dysfunction, dread, or menace; he's about as scary as a fifth-grader making faces at himself in a Hot Topic changing room mirror.
Everything is flat & grim, there's hardly no color in this depressing world at all. Anytime the brightest thing is Harley Quinn a psychotic killer & all round annoying character, something is seriously wrong. Actors & audiences deserve better.
I understand the appeal of setting up characters that we'll eventually see again, but can we at least have a good story to start them off with a bang?
Has its flaws, but still manages to entertain.
Call DC Comics the Donald Trump of blockbusters.
It's not a bad idea but the film is just another overblown, overstuffed epic, top heavy with special-effects and made even more chaotic by the abundance of largely unfamiliar characters.
What could be more fun than watching bad people do bad things in the service of good? Unfortunately, even a film full of villains needs a credible antagonist, and this is one of the many problems with Suicide Squad.
Shocked by the fun I had with this film. The next one should just be called "Harley Quinn" cause Margot Robbie makes the movie.
If I have not yet convinced you of the movie's astonishingly slipshod quality, I'm unlikely ever to do so.
A bona fide comic book hang out movie [wherein the characters lend] any given five-minute stretch five times the personality of the entirety of "Batman V Superman."
It's a curious and perhaps unprecedented one act movie, bookended by an introduction and epilogue.
Leto opts for "Insane Clown Pimp," with the results being about as enjoyable as you'd expect from anything with the initials "ICP."
At least the soundtrack is good, with such gems as "Sympathy for the Devil," "Fortunate Son" and "Without Me." But it makes sense that no one thought to include Ozzy Osbourne's "Suicide Solution," since Suicide Squad isn't the answer to anyone's prayers.
A vapid, soulless, tedious and painfully boring blockbuster. A contender for one of the worst films of the year. I'm surprised it wasn't directed by Alan Smithee.
These supervillains are tiringly two-dimensional, with their back stories played out like cut scenes from a video game.
I'm no Marvel acolyte keen to dump on the DC movie universe, but, with a heavy heart, this wobbly walk on the wild side is not going to challenge Marvel's way with a comic-book blockbuster.
time is pulled like taffy at the edge of a black hole, which is a fine comparison to this flick, where explosions and CGI, helicopter crashes are trapped with no hope of escape into a story that might make them worth seeing
Where Suicide Squad's Big Bad should be there is only a Big Narrative Hole.
Suicide Squad is fine summer entertainment and the closest DC has come so far to keeping up with Marvel.
Overall, though, the final two-thirds of the film are less funny than should be the case. The villains versus villains confrontation is not well explained and the fight scenes are unspectacular.
Even a great idea and a wonderful cast can't fend off a serious case of the blahs
You're left wondering who you're meant to be rooting for. Of course, it's meant to be the colourful team of recognisable characters, but at this point there's been no effort to have them connect with the audience in some way.
The plot is unbelievably dumb, but there are some winning performances.
It starts off so well, but then the heavy hand of corporate DC filmmaking just leaches all the fizz and colour out of it.
It's a tough thing to balance the requirements of a satisfying action movie while meeting the logistical story demands of a billion-dollar franchise.
While reports of reshoots and studio interference are as prevalent in blockbuster cinema as superheroes, there's a jarring mash of tones and clumsy editing that suggests that someone felt that something wasn't quite right on Suicide Squad.
punishing rather than entertaining
Even Smith's smart-aleck charm comes up short, with Deadshot's lines either not very funny or out of place to what's happening in the film.
Alas, the result is a surprisingly disjointed mess.
The muddled tone and obvious post-production tinkering makes it feel more like DC's version of Fantastic Four.
Writer-director David Ayer doesn't have the right graphic technique for a comic-book-style jamboree -- he's strictly a noirish-pulp guy -- and the characters, all of whom are promisingly introduced, fizzle fast.
Most disappointing, though, is that a movie about supervillains forced to do some good is no fun at all.
While far from perfect, Suicide Squad is a step forward for the DC Cinematic Universe after the utter disaster that was Batman v Superman.
The good work hinted at in Margot Robbie's depiction of the playfully psychotic Harley Quinn or Jared Leto's Joker (sparingly used to the point of frustration) never get the time to breathe and grow that they clearly deserve.
Suicide Squad continues with more of a whimper than a bang, lurching from one so-so set piece to another with the occasional token gesture towards character development.
The B-list superheroes have been unleashed upon the world, with their very own cult B-movie, and it's quite a lot of fun.
The production values are quite good, and so is the fun, pop music score. But there's a lot of action scenes, and that shortchanges the storyline. It could have also used more doses of humor.
A lot of quality performances are undercut by a weak story, and Suicide Squad kamikazes its way into a clunky disappointment.
I'm bad, and that's good. I will never be good, and that's not bad. There's no one I'd rather be than me.
David Ayer is of the realist school of action filmmaking and this doesn't jibe well with fantastical fights and outrageous cartoon characters.
Should be grim, bitter, and as horrifyingly alluring as Hannibal Lecter. But it's nothing but a teen-friendly ad for toys, Ts, and other disposable merch.
Revenge has seldom tasted so boring.
This movie fits the formula perfectly with a fight every 10 or 15 minutes each of which defies all logic and reason. Nothing's perfect, or I would call this a perfect waste of time. ..if you have seen one of these, you have seen them all.
In buttfloss rollerskate shorts, and a kinderslut outfit, complete with bubblegum and pigtails, Robbie wobbles between daft child and supposedly irresistible femme fatale.
Robbie steals the show as the unsheathed force of sex and violence because her character experiences all the horror as entertainment - which is where we are right now... searching for giddy escapism at the end of a gun barrel, rooting for the bad guys
DC's antiheroes disappoint in muddled, violent mess.
Justice League is going to have a tough row to hoe to win over audiences following Batman v Superman and now Suicide Squad.
Cluttered with flashbacks and comic book references, Suicide Squad is like... a two-hour trailer for Suicide Squad. Reactions may vary.
The movie never stops underlining how cool their anti-authoritarian attitudes are.
[It has]a hardcore, colourful tone that is so much more enjoyable than the epic bleakness of Bats V Supes, but it is still a hardcore, colourful mess
Seriously, "it wasn't the cast's fault" should be the epithet on the DC movie universe's tombstone.
If there is an original idea in its ugly little head, Suicide Squad conceals it better than Batman hides his cave.
Whatever the revisions were, they turned out to be masterstrokes that boosted the material to fulfill the promise of the trailers.
It is (perhaps by default) probably the worst "big" DC Comics live-action movie since 'Catwoman'.
Suicide Squad is a lively comic book movie - albeit one that is undermined by plot holes and uneven execution of action, character, and comedy.
Can't we go back to watching those cool Suicide Squad trailers and ignore this massive disappointment?
It's like looking forward to Christmas all year and then waking up on the big day to find Santa Claus sprawled out dead under your tree.
This is how you end the summer blockbuster season with a yawn.
"Suicide Squad" is more messy than meaningful. It's an adventure that lacks weight.
While it might be good to be bad, Suicide Squad is just plain awful.
It's explosive, preposterous, exhilarating and like all the best films based on comic-book characters, doesn't take itself too seriously. Indeed, there are more than a few laugh-out-loud moments.
One of the more refreshingly uncomplicated summer blockbusters in recent memory.
Regrettably, the film's place-setting opening lays the scene for a different, more exciting film that never really unfolds.
Suicide Squad may not be the end of the DC Extended Universe, but it does hurt it, really, really bad
There are some astonishing visuals and enjoyable performances from Will Smith and Margot Robbie in particular, but overall Suicide Squad is a sloppy mess.
Suicide Squad is an exposition dump masquerading as a cinematic experience.
For someone who knows the toughness of military life and regularly makes films about how macho and brave law enforcement is, David Ayer's adolescence is staggering. He needs better squad goals.
The most damning indictment of Suicide Squad is that it's unrelentingly bland.
A long way from perfect but still a joyously deranged action flick that was great fun to watch, despite some iffy plotting and under-written characters.
Suicide by movie for some soon-to-be A-list actors and for Will Smith who used to be one.
In a movie summer of disappointments, 'Suicide Squad' might be the major downer of them all.
Yet another mediocre entry in DC's cinematic franchise.
Ayer-whose films have heretofore been fiercely moral-seems to want to look away for as long as possible from what this movie is really saying.
Suicide Squad should have been a whole lot better.
The real bad news is the script. While it certainly has its moments (Harley Quinn gets all the best lines), a huge chunk of it is little more than characters threatening one another with insipid one-liners.
The plotting, which initially seems intriguing, eventually collapses onto its own narrative petard, and the entire affair devolves into a rain-drenched slow-motion climax.
[Suicide Squad] forgoes interesting characters and engaging plotlines in favor of faux nihilism and flat one-liners. There's simply no reason to care about anything or anyone in this bumbling ballet of idiocy and pyrotechnics.
Arriving a mere five months after Batman v Superman, a DC Comics epic as vaultingly joylss as a memorial chapel in Valhalla, Suicide Squad at least has some rumbling, crunchy kick -- and, amid a sprawling, grungy cast, a terrific Margot Robbie.
Sometimes it's good to be bad. In Suicide Squad's case, bad is just plain bad. It gives villainy a bad name.
Another day; another comic-book pandemonium.
Suicide Squad promised transgressive freaky grown-up fun in its trailers. Something that might have rivalled the outlandishness of Deadpool. But the end result is a mild-mannered play-it-safe slog.
The biggest bummer about Suicide Squad is that its ads promised something different from the other too-many-superheroes-crammed-in-one-movie movies. What it delivers is yet another film overflowing with superheroes we barely get to know.
Suicide Squad amounts to an all-out attack on the whole idea of entertainment.
It wants so desperately to be subversive and irreverent in the manner of Fight Club or, more likely, Deadpool. And yet the most shocking thing about it is how risk-averse it turns out to be.
Is Suicide Squad the worst superhero flick, ever? Not remotely. It starts with style and laughs before descending into a mud pit of clichés and dull action. Worth seeing for Viola Davis' mighty Amanda Waller as the spinoff I now want most.
A giant dumpster fire of perplexing plotting, erratic pacing, racial stereotypes and a problematic male gaze.
I don't know about you but these are my kind of meta-humans.
There are those that will hate this film beyond reason, and those that will love it beyond fact. The truth lands somewhere in the middle, as we've got something that feels more squandered than anything...
Some killer performances rise above an anemic and predictable story in this DC Comics antihero film.
It lacks that in-your-face presence that dares the audience to embrace it. It's a film that should say take me or leave me, I don't give a damn.
Suicide Squad is a movie that contains moments of legitimate entertainment value that far outweigh any of its shortcomings.
The closest Suicide Squad comes to the masterworks of Christopher Nolan is that, like Memento, it suffers from instant amnesia.
Suicide Squad is the most miserable time I've had at the movies in my life.
Embrace the bad-guy version of being good, and how visibly uncomfortable that fit is on the members of Suicide Squad, and you'll find some fun.
It has the same problems that made BvS such a big flop. [Full review in Spanish]
Whenever Robbie isn't dancing around, the movie feels as heavy and relentless as a Mack truck.
[S]pends more than half of its running time establishing these characters, only to turn them into personality-deprived pawns when they actually have to do something.
Even the most garish escapism requires a director who has the mental discipline to hold out for a fecund idea and the inventive power to build on it. In Suicide Squad, as in Sabotage, the only time brains enter the picture is when heads explode.
This movie dearly hopes it can skate by entirely on attitude, but forgets to develop said attitude. It wants to stand out thanks to its team dynamics, but forgets that a team is made up of many individual characters.
Suicide Squad is the biggest superhero disappointment in recent memory (even more than Batman v Superman). Not only does it fail to shake things up, but it's not even competent enough to be a serviceable superhero flick.
Don't think of "Suicide Squad" as the villainous flipside to "X-Men" ... instead, think Zzzzz-Men.
[A] strange embrace of a movie, which continues to tantalize even as it overstimulates.
Not even Margot Robbie's enthusiasm nor Viola Davis nor professional movie star Will Smith can save Suicide Squad, written and directed by David Ayer, from somehow being visually unpleasant, tedious and obnoxious all at once.
Everything about "Suicide Squad" from the title on down promises overkill. And the movie, to its ultimate discredit, delivers.
There's no one to root for in this movie, and no one whose prospects we care about. Several plot points lack coherence, and inserted flashbacks add to a sense of the film having been fused into shape in the editing room.
Suicide Squad looked bright and promising in its run-up, but lands on the screen with a big-budget thud of missed opportunities.
At some point, with Smith and Robbie getting most of the screen time, this team was supposed to jell and form a unit whose members depend on one another. Frankly, they don't.
Spiritually dead film-making with canned classic-rock accompaniment. Can't wait for more avocado-men to meet their end. Enchantress is terrible villain. Robbie is only source of fun.
"Suicide Squad" is an interminable muddle.
For all that exposition, the film never tells us what we really need to know: Why should we care?
Suicide Squad never tries to be anything more than the cool whip on top of the sundae. It's a kicks and giggles take on the DC universe, vastly more entertaining than Batman v Superman.
Light on plot but loaded with style, Suicide Squad is all character and charisma but ultimately empty and largely saved by Robbie and Smith.
There's a lot to like about the basic setup, but it's too often hindered by the film's many flaws and surprising conventionality.
Not a complete disaster, but inexcusably mediocre. To be fair, the audience I saw the film with appeared to love every frame: big laughter, cheers for the action and clapping as the credits rolled. Is there a disconnect between critics and audiences?
A hot mess--but a loud, star-packed, proudly trashy one.
It was supposed to show us that the folks at Warner Bros. still know how to make great comic book movies. Suicide Squad is not very successful at that.
It starts with a bang, ends in a yawn and features a whole lot of "What the ...?" along the way.
In aiming for - but falling short of appealing to - the teenage demographic, the film is a double cop-out, disappointing both fans of the source material's grown-up gloom-and-doom aesthetic and discerning adolescents.
Sure, it's terrible. But it's not even close to the worst movie of the summer or the year.
Messy, derivative and nowhere near as cool or edgy as it thinks it is.
Ayer tries to compensate with a distractingly garish visual style and a proliferation of recognizable music cues that set up scenes to be much cooler than they actually are.
The cheap sentimentality betrays the nature of the characters. [Full review in Portuguese.]
Suicide Squad is one long stuttering introduction with fugitive glimpses of the film's potential.
The casting is spot-on, with Margot Robbie instantly iconic as Harley Quinn, a breakout character that could easily launch a franchise of her own.
Of the three films thus far, (this) is the most interesting: a nihilistic adventure comedy... succeeds far more than it fails, especially compared to its 2016 theatrical peers.
An absolute cinematic mess. (Full Content Review for Parents - Violence, Sexual Content, Profanity, etc. - also Available)
The filmmaker and studio's inexplicable decision to construct a building without first laying a foundation was self-evidently a bad one.
You could put this movie's scenes on shuffle, and it would almost make as much sense.
[A] bloated and cheerless monstrosity.
Overall, the movie was a bunch of characters, some of them interesting, trying to make the best of a weak, convoluted plot.
[Ayer] clearly wants to delve into taboo territory with Suicide Squad, but PG-13 limitations blunt his provocative story into a teasing narrative of pulled punches and cartoony, sanitized violence.
Even [Robbie's] performance can't counter the painfully slow start, steady flood of trite action scenes and a convoluted story that would have to improve tenfold to be even passable.
It didn't need to be anything more than another fun and entertaining entry in the DC movie universe. For better or worse for DC fans/haters, that's exactly what it delivers.
It gives me no pleasure to trash this film. I want D.C. Comics fans to have nice things, too. On the bright side, there are, like, a gajillion more D.C. Comics films coming down the pike. At least one of them has to be good, right? Right?
How about next time, instead of telling us how bad you are, you actually show us?
What does writer/director David Ayer do with all this? He gives us extended fight scenes... What he does not do is give us any reason to care about the results.
Suicide Squad is likely to be good enough for some, but it's by no measure good. It's a smattering of recognizable faces and costumes in an otherwise incoherent, listless story.
Ayer tries to bring his trademark realism to the action sequences, but it gets lost in the realm of comic-book fantasy.
It's massive, messy and noisy. And it stinks.
Suicide Squad is another case where story elements are continuously piled on in the hopes that a coherent narrative arc will emerge.
It doesn't take long for the film's incomprehensible "plot" to reveal itself to be a mundane excuse for fights and explosions.
Suicide Squad is a flawed movie, but it does manage to squeeze out more moviegoing pleasure than the stodgy Batman v. Superman did. It opens up the possibility that Warner Bros.' extension of its DC universe won't be a joyless chore.
The air almost immediately starts leaking out of the film once it starts. The whole first half-hour is a riot of blunt exposition, useless flashbacks, and false starts. This is a movie that doesn't even know how to begin.
[It was up to Ayer] to revitalize...the DC franchise. He has done just that, with a singular vision, an unbridled passion and a creative vengeance that is so bold and so bad (in a colourfully good way) that it leaves viewers breathless.
Positioned as a hell-raising alternative to normal comic book fare, "Suicide Squad" doesn't maintain the illusion, consuming genre sameness as Ayer takes a punk rock concept and turns it into a bland, mainstream extravaganza.
"Suicide Squad" is a concept in search of a story worth telling.
Wildly tonally inconsistent, not to mention cluttered and poorly paced.
If awards were handed out for the loudest movie of the year, Suicide Squad would be Schindler's List. But volume is not vision...while containing some entertaining performances, [it] turns out to be just another generic superhero action movie.
When Delevingne's Enchantress is at her most evil, for example, she does a snake-hips-wavey-arms hula dance out of a 1950s Bob Hope comedy. Ayers shoots this scene with a deadly earnestness. What on earth made him think this could work?
It's the apparent lack of strategy in putting together these pieces that undermines the lot, resulting in a good deal less than the sum of the film's admittedly decent parts.
Even credible efforts by Smith and especially Margot Robbie -- vamping it up as the apple of the Joker's eye, the sadistic Harley Quinn -- don't breathe life into the film frequently enough to give it much of a pulse.
Suicide Squad is nothing more than fast and fun entertainment and that's ok, it succeeds at it. [Full review in Spanish]
A DC film that aspires to achieve cult status. And it might succeed in that. [Full review in Spanish]
Proof that you need a good and polished script to make a great film or you end up with something like this. [Full review in Spanish]
A pretty mediocre film that had an awesome marketing campaign. [Full review in Spanish]
David Ayer's film longs to be bad, yet its forced by outside pressures to follow narrow, preset rules.
A perfect choice to have a great time at the movies this summer. [Full review in Spanish]
The film had a lot more potential and ended up being just entertaining by not taking any risks. [Full review in Spanish]
A film that had everything to be awesome but ended up being just ok. [Full review in Spanish]
The question isn't whether "Suicide Squad" is as good as "The Avengers," but whether it's as bad as "Green Lantern."
'Suicide Squad' is bloated, it leans too heavily on fan-service, and the story looks like it was fed through a wood-chipper
A PG-13 jab at grimy, scuzzy, post-punk, post-Michael Mann, nearly-post-Zack Snyder bubblegum antihero action.
Suicide Squad does have quite a few tremendously entertaining sequences of high action and low comedy. It's a shame it never rises beyond that.
Like the misbehaving, problem child in the DC family, the movie doesn't follow rules, nor abide by any formula - but in turn is a challenge to understand, & sadly, one you just want to ignore.
What it gets right is in letting the bad guys, which is pretty much everybody in this sordid soup of hidden agendas and homicidal tendencies, be bad guys.
There isn't a moment of spontaneous fun or humor in this long, turgid movie, the latest letdown for DC Comics fans who've been waiting for someone to pick up the baton Christopher Nolan left behind.
In terms of the promise it held and the folly of what has found its way to the screen, "Suicide Squad" is easily one of 2016's most disappointing films.
If it were a little better, it would demand a proper autopsy to figure out what the hell happened. (Ayer made Fury just two years ago!). As it is, it just isn't worth it.
Margot Robbie is a huge movie star who owns this film and every moment she is on screen in "Suicide Squad" you get your money's worth and then some.
There have been worse big-budget bombs than 'Suicide Squad.' But not many of them, and not by much.
Suicide Squad is a hasty gathering of admittedly fun characters, all jammed haphazardly into a familiar and dumb cartoon tale, handily squandering its potential for edge, daring, or originality.
The film is a heartbreaking disappointment in several ways, from the overcrowded cast of characters to the uninspired and undeveloped villains to the bland action sequences to the half-baked story.
Everyone started making a movie before they really knew what they were doing. You need adults in charge, and there are no adults in charge here. The result is, yet again, a total sh-tshow.
It's like Batman Returns meets Papa Roach -- a transparently skin-deep superhero sizzle reel, which is kind of refreshing when every other comic book movie these days is trying to guide you through the metaphorical levels.
Who's to say messy can't also be fun?
Muddled characters and uneven storytelling are the roots of the issues here, but the ways in which Ayer seems to try to cover up his film's deficiencies grate most of all.
Ayer has often been a careless writer, and so he is here.
If you know someone you really can't stand - not someone you dislike, not someone who rubs you the wrong way, but someone you really loathe and detest - send that person a ticket for "Suicide Squad."
"Suicide Squad" is a so-so, off-peak superhero movie. It chases after the nihilistic swagger of "Deadpool" and the anarchic whimsy of "Guardians of the Galaxy" but trips over its own feet.
This movie is tripped up by a jumbled narrative and corporate machination: Warner Bros. is desperately chasing the highly successful Marvel film universe, and the only way to get there is to rush.
Overblown and underwritten, Leto plays the Joker like a pantomime gangster whose only threatening quality is the possibility of more scenes.
DC's Suicide Squad is rough and jagged, but still entertains. Will Smith, Margot Robbie and the rest of the actors give good performances.
A fleet of appealing, interesting actors (and Jared Leto) set out to make a DC movie work. Talk about a kamikaze mission.
After a while, even Ayer's wildest stylistic choices settle down into DC Films' house style: the muted tones and industrial black/blue that Zack Snyder used to build America's visually dullest franchise of the moment.
A forgiving fan will find moments to enjoy here, but as a whole it's a monumental misfire.
Please let the record show I actually kind of dug the first 20 minutes of so. It was the rest of this movie that did me in.
Despite being sold as a team of wacky crooks going on laugh-a-minute hijinks, the film takes itself very seriously.
Okay, so it's less po-faced and mean-spirited than Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice, more colourful, varied and inventive than Man Of Steel. It's probably the least-worst DC movie so far. But these are not the (anti) heroes we were waiting for.
Delivers exactly what it promises and what you expect. Along with JASON BOURNE, see these two and forget the rest.
A good movie that never gets close to becoming great.
Suicide Squad is a solid and entertaining third entry into the DC Extended Universe, one that suggests DC could almost have just as much fun as Marvel. Almost.
It will be interesting to see where DC takes these characters after the semi-delightful mess that is "Suicide Squad." But, for now, just enjoy the sloppy and wild ride.
The year's most muddled piece of storytelling.
A great premise pitting bad vs badder heads toward the darkness rather than the light but succeeds with a terrific cast including ace performances from Margot Robbie and Viola Davis.
The result is not so much Suicide Squad as Death by a Dozen Disappointments Squad.
Even the idea of nihilist camaraderie, which should come naturally with the Peckinpah-by-way-of-post-Crisis-DC premise, feels like a load of hooey; the characters are often too busy posing to exchange more than a few words at a time.
[T]akes the superhero genre in a new direction, letting the bad guys be bad guys even while they're forced into service for supposed "good." It's crowd-pleasing genre entertainment with delightful performances, [and] eye-popping visuals...
A fantastic cast, lighthearted tone, and fun soundtrack make Suicide Squad one of the most entertaining films of 2016.
David Ayer's flash-and-dash directing style makes it a challenge to follow the story, not to mention a chore to process the onslaught of violence.
The weaker characters and generally weak plot keep it from being one of the better comic book movies.
Suicide Squad isn't a typical next step in universe building but it's all DC has going for it right now. Ayer's movie will make a lot of money, but in the black hole of comic geekdom he won't make many friends.
Suicide Squad is jam-packed with action, star power and mayhem, but a little restraint would've gone a long way.
It doesn't necessarily fall to this film to define what a villain's journey really means. But like its characters, it's free to operate on its own terms, and it'd be a much stronger story if it took full advantage of that freedom.
In a year overloaded with comic-book movies, "Suicide Squad" just seems like more of the same.
On paper, this could have been the antidote to an increasingly codified strain of comic-book movies, but in the end, it's just another high-attitude version of the same.
A gleefully nihilistic, abysmally messy romp that delights in upending the genre's conventions and tries desperately to, like, totally blow your mind with its outre freak show.
Who stole the soul of Suicide Squad? I'd say it's Ayer's willingness to go all limp-dick and compromise his hardcore action bona fides for a PG-13 crowdpleaser that would rather ingratiate than cut deep, or even cut at all.
Suicide Squad isn't exactly the movie that audiences are hoping for, and not the bounce-back that the series needed after Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice.
...a noisy, murky dud where only the lesser known stars make any kind of an impact. "Suicide Squad" makes one almost nostalgic for "Batman v Superman."
It is gleefully nihilistic, and it takes a different approach to what has become a fairly familiar story form at this point, right at the moment when it feels like superhero movies either have to evolve or die.
What a waste of a perfectly twisted Suicide Squad.
SUICIDE SQUAD is a mess, but pushing against the current of a botched movie are four lead performances that salvage the whole thing.
It goes for subversive, funny and stylish, and it succeeds wildly during the first act. But then... It plods on, checking off boxes on a list of cliched moments and meaningless plot points, making you wonder where all the razzle-dazzle went.
It's probably best to think of "Suicide Squad" as a primer, an entry into a side world of the DC Universe that may pay bigger benefits in later films.
With Jared Leto playing Joker, the promise was of a return to the kind of storytelling found in Christopher Nolan's The Dark Knight. Sadly, that doesn't prove to be the case at all.
So much happens in David Ayer's DC Comics adaptation Suicide Squad that by the end, it's as if you've seen nothing.
Its structure is messy & its storytelling is incoherent at times, but it looks good, sounds great and pushes the genre forward in some neat ways.
Harley Quinn is an embodiment of all the conflicting things this frankly disastrous new movie, choppily written and directed David Ayer, is attempting to do.
Picture a heavy metal bar in suburban Duluth and you'll get some sense of the generic Goth aesthetic.
The characters are the ultimate in "squad goals," but they're far more fun than the actual story itself.
Compared to its ilk, Suicide Squad is an excellently quirky, proudly raised middle finger to the staid superhero-movie establishment.
The story is bad. It's confusing, poorly edited and just way too over the top and contrived.
It's a clotted and delirious film, with flashes of preposterous, operatic silliness.
Starts off flavourful, turns rather bland. This Injustice League jaunt proves that DC is still a long way behind Marvel for on-screen action.
Like Avengers Assemble forced through a Deadpool mangle, Suicide Squad gives new life to DC's big-screen universe. So bad-to-the-bone it's good.
Occasionally, the film feels like Ayer is trying to fight his way out from underneath an enormous, suffocating parachute.
It's not satisfying storytelling; the flashbacks roll in and out, explaining either too much or too little, and the action may be violent but it's not interesting.
Suicide Squad is the rare superhero movie in which I actually found myself wondering about the characters' inner lives.
For DC, which blew it with Batman v Superman last spring, Suicide Squad is a small step forward. But it could have been a giant leap.
Sorry, as far as movies about superhero supergroups go? The Guardians, and the Avengers, still have these jokers beat.
While it's a bright, grimy, candy-colored mess, at least Suicide Squad is here to lighten up the place, break a few vases, take a few shots, and have some fun.
A puzzlingly confused undertaking that never becomes as cool as it thinks it is, Suicide Squad assembles an all-star team of supervillains and then doesn't know what to do with them.
"Suicide Squad" has its kinky pleasures and some amusing nastiness, but in the final analysis there's simply too much flexing of empty attitude -- and far too much self-congratulation for how edgy it thinks it is.
Haphazardly paced and generically plotted, Suicide Squad benefits immensely from the winning presence of Will Smith's Deadshot and Margot Robbie's Harley Quinn.
Logic waved bye-bye to Harley a long time ago. Kind of like this movie. But in both cases, it's a damn captivating spectacle to behold.
A twisted B-side to some of the slicker comic book movies.
Suicide Squad desperately wants to be irreverent, badass and unscrupulous, but it's patchy moral murkiness is only PG-13 dark.
Can barely get all of these characters onto a billboard, much less a movie.
The rare comic book movie that truly feels like it came from one person's wackadoodle vision.
It's just the kick in the pants Warner Bros. and DC Entertainment need to correct course ahead of next year's Justice League.
David Ayer devotes the film's first hour to telling us how bad these crazy mofos are ("the most dangerous people on the planet"; "bad guys"; "worst of the worst"), but then spends the next hour (...and 10 minutes) trying in vain to make good on the promise.
Just when you think the summer movie season can't get any worse, along come the 'Worst. Heroes. Ever.'
Bland, boring, and sometimes borderline incoherent.
Throughout Suicide Squad an unease can be felt, akin to a beast trapped in a PG-13 cage chomping at the bit to get out.
David Ayer's super-villain team-up is dull, uninspired, and perhaps worst of all, forgettable.
A novel but muddled supervillain action movie...Some comic-book fans will lap it up, but Suicide Squad is all sauce and no meat.
Bloody and boring, and built around Jared Leto's dentistry, Will Smith's high mileage and Margot Robbie's butt cheeks.

@highlight

Suicide Squad boasts a talented cast and a little more humor than previous DCEU efforts, but they aren't enough to save the disappointing end result from a muddled plot, thinly written characters, and choppy directing.