A decidedly minor entry in Miike's expansive catalogue, Yakuza Apocalypse is meant to please and entertain, and his fans (this critic included) can't help but be pleased and entertained.
Yakuza Apocalypse is terribly uneven in tone and I frequently had a hard time trying to place the film's intentions.
Its subtle victory (though maybe its central weakness as well) is its denial of quick, easy fanboy pleasures.
... back to the wild and weird Miike, with extreme action, bloody spectacle, goofy humor, and abrupt curveballs every time you think you think you've got a handle on it.
If you're a Miike fan or simply looking for something weird and wonderful then you certainly won't forget this in a hurry.
Slow down, Takashi.
It is extremely mad, long and often tiresome. Yet it is acted with eerie and absolute conviction, and has an interestingly surreal quality; Miike has a claim to be one of cinema's genuine surrealists.
deliriously daft until its final oater-style showdown... Miike delivers something all at once insane, inane and irresistible.
Yakuza Apocalypse is barely comprehensible barminess. But it's definitely fun.
If you want to enjoy Yakuza Apocalypse for its snippets of inspiration, we suggest a Baudrillardian form of watching: flick it on and off between late night channel hopping.
Those looking for a straight action-crime flick will be disappointed or horrified. Probably both.
"Yakuza Apocalypse" may not be Miike's best film, and lord knows he'll try to top it ten times over, but it's the only one to feature a kung-fu frog monster destroyer of worlds.
Gonzo, laugh-out-loud funny, but with not enough action or laughs to sustain it.
A very good film, but only if you're willing to inevitably submit to its anarchic sensibility.
Real silliness doesn't settle into a routine. This movie's brand of it does.
"Yakuza Apocalypse" is a movie that is perhaps not meant to be understood so much as witnessed.
For those fans who don't mind enduring some tedium and confusion, "Yakuza Apocalypse" at least offers something memorably bizarre.
By the end ... you might be as punch-drunk as Kageyama in his final showdown, and too exhausted to care.
Lurid and nutso doesn't even begin to describe this opus. You have to see it to believe it ... if you have the stomach for it.
Directed by the inimitable Takashi Miike... Apocalypse finds the 55-year-old filmmaker at his silliest, which is saying a lot, as he's responsible for some of the silliest movies ever made.
Yakuza Apocalypse is Miike at the top of his game, breaking cinematic rules at every chance while crafting seriously subversive cinema that defangs both the real-world Yakuza, the Japanese government, and, heaven help us, Sanrio, too.
Too many bizzaro elements begin to eat away at one's attention span. Even if it's the end times, this Apocalypse didn't need every idea at once.
This is not a great film, yet for the right audience it could be an entertaining one.
Yakuza Apocalypse is the kind of free-for-all only Miike could stage-pitting not merely different characters, but different genres and tones against each other, until the world cracks in two under the weight.
[A] numbingly idiotic vampire yakuza tale.
A pure blast of pop pleasure.
For all its berserk energy, you will need a very particular sense of humour not to lose patience with the prolific Takashi Miike's latest.
A martial arts enforcer in a giant green frog suit and a mafia knitting circle are just two of the more kooky pleasures of this increasingly unhinged romp, which mixes surreal humour with loud, bone-crushing fight sequences.
A lazily executed dud padded out with infantile pranks, shambolic plot turns and knockabout action.
The demented brilliance of Miike's film lies in the director's ability to craft ideas that are simultaneously sublime and ridiculous.
An aspiring gangster tries to work his way up in a Japanese underworld teeming with monsters of every kind in a movie that's sometimes weirdly brilliant.
Yakuza Apocalypse is not for everyone, but is very, very much for some people.
Some of the chaos is creative enough that it's not a total loss. This is for Miike devotees only.
If you can get on its wacko wavelength, it's a uniquely crazed, compelling midnight-movie whatsit.
It's a good place holder until Miike produces a sequel to 13 Assassins or Sukiyaki Western Django on the one side or Audition on the other.
The film doesn't add up to much, but it's a diverting tour of Takashi Miike's anything-goes, splatter-paint sensibility.
More than the martial arts between immortal bloodsuckers, it's the other crazy creatures who show up that made me shake my head in pleasant disbelief.
Winning gags -- yakuza vampires and frog monsters included -- start off funny but then bludgeon you with repetition.

@highlight

Yakuza Apocalypse lives up to the oddball promise of its title with a cinematic whirlwind that represents director Takashi Miike at his most delightfully unhinged.