You can't really have a better B-movie experience than Dracula Untold.
If you start watching it knowing full well it's not going to be a horror picture, you can have a pretty good time. [Full Review in Spanish]
It doesn't matter if the rumors of Universal wanting a cinematic universe based on their mythological horror monsters is true or not, this movie killed whatever chance that had of happening.
It's the whole "family man" thing that makes this film such a strange ride.
This is essentially Evans's vehicle. His version of Dracula is action-oriented rather than horrifying and creepy. And keeping that in mind, he manages, in most parts, to get his teeth into the substance of Count Dracula's legend convincingly enough.
You made a vampire movie with no gore: Congratulations, you're Twilight.
I don't know what the untold part of the story was: that Dracula was a showboat who needed to stop Bogarting the field?
It's not going to change your life but Dracula fans will surely find it delivers decent fang, sorry bang for your buck.
It contains some interesting visuals, great sound editing, and a decent score by Game of Thrones' Ramin Djawadi. However, as a villain origin story, which it purports itself to be, Dracula Untold is an absolute failure.
Neither Shore nor Evans can do much with Vlad's internal wrestling over good and evil, mostly because the writers have refused to define the struggle with a realistic psychology.
Might be worth seeing solely for the moment when Dracula says, "I'm worth 1,000 boys and you know it."
It's a watchable, bloodless affair, its disinterest in the original tale's rich symbolism and erotic possibilities conveyed by the casting of the bland and workmanlike Evans.
It's just a bunch of nonexistent people getting knocked over by nonexistent bats.
Toothless, poorly scripted and drowning in an overload of pointless CGI, Dracula Untold just plain sucks, both as a medieval epic and as the supposed launching pad for a new generation of movie monsters.
"Dracula Untold" is the story of how one man tried to save his homeland from an invading army. It's not about Bela Lugosi feasting on tender white necks in polite society. If you can get past this, then you might enjoy this origins story.
Dracula Untold is agreeably silly at points, but that hardly covers for the fact that much of the film's action is visually incomprehensible.
...another misguided contemporary update of a classic character.
Vlad's a super-monster. The plot gets jittery. Vlad's relationship with his sweet, fair, lovely wife remains sweetly, fairly, lovingly vapid. And into the 15th-century setting is tossed the modern trope of the father who'll do anything for his family.
This reboot is a bloodless shell of the original Bram Stoker tale.
For those Dracula fans who've yearned for a bad-ass vampire laying waste to his enemies rather than talk them to death, this one's for you.
Basically, this "Dracula" needs to be buried in a cinematic coffin overladen with garlic and crucifixes.
There was a good reason why this story of Dracula was untold. It should have remained that way.
An orgy of CGI bat and battle stuff -- all of which is remarkably bloodless to hold tight to that PG-13 rating. It's all pretty tepid and mostly cartoonish.
Evans lacks the lasting charismatic presence for this kind of role, but works hard to ground every silly moment he's given with turbulent gravity.
[Evans] carries Untold by admirably fulfilling the two essential functions of a period-movie hero: to enunciate comic-book dialogue with Shakespearean authority and to look great with his shirt off.
If you've grown tired of the vampire genre, it's hard to see this tale providing much in the way of reinvigoration.
Universal is hoping this will be the dawn of a new age for their classic monster franchises...but after seeing "Dracula Untold", my guess is Frankenstein and the Mummy won't be returning calls anytime soon.
An ungainly combination of comic-book history lesson with the tropes of both horror movies and superhero sagas.
Is it damning with faint praise to say that this horror fantasy doesn't totally suck?
Dracula Untold: a story that's been told many times before, and far far better.
By throwing out the traditional vampire conflict, Dracula Untold loses its intrinsic (and prurient) appeal without gaining anything valuable in the process.
Luke Evans gives his Vlad the Impaler a brooding intensity, but this garbled origins idea is better left undead.
Dracula is an icon of monsters. A PG-13-rated film about him just seems wrong, but what's worse is that a film about Dracula goes to no lengths to make him interesting.
Dracula Untold is so patently ridiculous that it's hard to even fathom how it came to be.
Toothless.
Critical miscasting in the lead roles does more to damage Dracula Untold than sunlight and silver combined.
"Dracula Untold" is an artificial glorification lacking reason for the retelling. Even Dracula's wife outshines him in her supporting role.
The fleeting moments of wit, subtlety, inventiveness and visual flair only clear the low bar of making this slightly more tolerable than "I, Frankenstein" -which similarly defiled a classic character in the futile hope for a fertile franchise.
It's the Marvel-ization of Dracula in a PG-13, multiplex-ready package, but in exploring the myth of Vlad the Impaler the film offers plenty to sink your fangs into.
Batman begins.
Universal, please just stop now. 3D convert the old ones if you must. But nobody wants the Justice League of CG-Heavy Semi-Monsters
Most of the time, I found myself feeling like I was waiting for a turn with the gaming controls.
Even if Dracula Untold isn't the greatest version of the Dracula legend, I welcome it as a reboot of this shared universe from the 1940s.
The filmmakers and writers have messed with the bloodsucking legend, supplying stunning visuals but not much bite.
Dracula Untold feels like a whitewashed version of Dracula, minus any real bloodshed (despite the numerous battles) and menace.
This is how Universal treats the monster that saved the studio? Corporate swill.
Dracula Untold is not a masterful or deep re-introduction to the franchise; but as genre fare, it's relatively fun in its depiction of the monster in a different light.
Luke Evans puts sexual energy and masculinity into the legend. It's dark, moody and I'm ready for the sequel.
Dracula Untold-and even the title makes no sense-seems to be saying, "This is just the prologue; the next film is going to be great." Maybe it will be.
This Vlad is not just an impaler but a hugger, at least when his young son is around. He is 'endearing,' according to his beautiful wife, citing a quality rarely if ever attributed to Bela Lugosi or Christopher Lee.
Never finds the right tone-be it frightful, funny, funky, horrifying, shocking or sexy-that viewers would expect from a modern flick about the most neck-fetish-ed, nocturnal daddy-o of them all.
Forget everything you read in those lying history books. Turns out Vlad the Impaler was a nice guy after all.
It may be the dullest Dracula movie yet made.
The fight choreography in Dracula Untold looks about as coherent as if you'd driven by the set at 40 mph and chucked the camera out the window.
If you can selectively ignore this litany of inanity, you may find some substantial earthy pleasures in "Dracula Untold."
Has some teeth, but it has little bite. (Full Content Review for Parents also Available)
A reheated mishmash of ideas that is decent when neck-deep in violence and cringe-worthy when fumbling its way through endless exposition.
The idea is to humanize one of the most fearful monsters in the Western crypt. But Dracula Untold goes way overboard, past domestication and into canonization.
This is a callous cash-in on popular trends that just happens to have Dracula in it, a studio note that made it all the way to the big screen before anyone figured out how to do it right.
[W]hat we get is an overly familiar Dracula movie that lacks a distinguishing personality.
A generic vampire tale in the Underworld vein that comes closer to the infamous Van Helsing than a memorable re-interpretation of a legendary monster.
Dracula Untold is entertaining, just not memorable. It eventually will become the kind of heavily repeated feature film that cable channels use to fill weekend afternoons when there's nothing original to air.
The movie is the latest multiplex filler to co-opt a classic tale only to drown it in computer-generated murk. Even the title has the ring of something created by committee.
It's not so much untold as rewritten - if not by J.R.R. Tolkien than by some clever 12-year-old overstimulated by "The Lord of the Rings."
I don't want what Dracula Untold is selling.
Whatever possessed the makers of Dracula Untold to think we'd be interested in a tragically unhip romance that backstories the infamous bloodsucker?
But for a walk on the wild side with a dangerous rake, look elsewhere. As one of the characters in the film says, the world (at least the movie world) doesn't need a hero, it needs a monster. Got that right.
Director Gary Shore and screenwriters Matt Sazama and Burk Sharpless meld history with mythology for an entertainingly cheesy period fantasy adventure cum origin film grounded by a committed performance by Luke Evans as Lord Impaler.
At times Dracula Untold flirts with dullness so much that it might as well just stick a stake in the heart of Bram Stoker's legacy.
excruciatingly dull, really nothing more than a setup followed by a series of CG battle scenes
"Dracula Untold" tries to be the "Lord of the Rings" of horror movies. Surprisingly, it mostly succeeds.
Dracula Untold is exactly the monster you'd expect, trading horror for medieval action in the most acceptably mainstream way, which is not always a bad thing.
This Vlad the Impaler has all the edge of Vlasic the pickle.
Honestly, there are plot holes in this movie you could drive a stake through.
Its best facet (or worst, depending on perspective) is its departure from the iconic vampire flicks of the past. "Dracula Untold" has about as much to do with Bela Lugosi's "Dracula" as "The Wolf of Wall Street" does with "The Wolf Man."
A generic medieval action epic on a tight budget, filled with garish CGI clutter and ironically bloodless violence.
A bit where a Turkish emissary actually does a Columbo - complete with a finger point as he says, 'Just one more thing' - seems to have been included by accident.
"Dracula Untold" feels longer than its 95-minute running time.
The weapons, Turkish helmets and Romanian interiors are all gorgeous. If only the rest of this "Lord of the Rings" wanna-be were at the same level.
This is yet another unnecessary updating of Dracula (this time for the millennial generation) shot through with some rather impressive CGI battle sequences and little else.
There's a good reason this part of the Dracula lore remained untold, and it should've stayed that way.
The film's problems aren't limited to liberal cadging from comic books. In fact, that's precisely what's best about the film, which occasionally boasts gorgeous visuals. But the movie doesn't know when to stop stealing.
Schlocky, low-rent fun.
Here we have a vampire movie that brings together elements from other more popular movies.
I don't want to oversell this film. But in an era in which we've seen a lot of failed attempts to reinvent classic fantasy tales as CGI-action spectacles, it feels remarkably assured.
Neither the Dracula we need nor the one we deserve.
It falls into that far-too-large category of studio offerings that aren't good enough to be noteworthy or terrible enough to be truly entertaining.
If this Dracula can kill hundreds of enemies by himself - and he can, and does, in several dull and protracted battle scenes - then where's the suspense? If he's become a monster for noble reasons, then where's the dark conflict?
This untold story basically amounts to Vlad signed a contract with a return policy but ended up stuck with the bill... Perhaps a better name for the film would be The Three Days of the Vampire.
Don't go looking for horror, gore, or vampiric sexytimes; this here is an old-fashioned tragedy that just happens to involve a guy who can turn into a cloud of bats.
It's a story arc that wouldn't be out of place on Game of Thrones, except it lacks for the HBO program's dense and surprising dramatic reflexes.
But if you're looking for just a quick, fun, and forgettable vampire bite, then Dracula Untold doesn't disappoint.
It works neither as a sweeping historical epic nor as an action-horror hybrid.
Not as bad as you might think.
And so it was, and so it was dull, the greatest villain in all cinema bitten on the neck and drained of his hottest blood.
This story, which paints Dracula as a romantic hero, may not have been told before, but there's a reason for that: it doesn't really make any sense.
It may work for Game of Thrones addicts as a sort of cinematic methadone until the proper heroin returns next year. Can we even call that faint praise?
The bloodless action scenes may give undemanding fantasy fans a thrill, but off the battlefield the dialogue clangs and clunks.
Dracula Untold should have remained so.
The ground it covers was trod at greater speed and with more style in the prologue to Francis Ford Coppola's 1992 movie.
A solid action fantasy more elemental and visceral than I expected, thanks to the potent presence of Luke Evans.
Oh for the days when a vampire had fetid breath, feasted on virgins and could turn into a bat to terrorise villagers from his castle.
This is a rousing Gothic bloodcurdler with all the trimmings: impalings, sword fights, swarms of bats, punctured necks, remote Transylvanian landscapes, non-stop spectacle and occasionally very ropy CGI.
Evans handles the dramatic scenes as well as he does the action later on, but ultimately this is a story nobody asked to be told.
While we're waiting for the next batch of monster make-overs - we're surely only one step away from Leatherface in Love - there's quite a bit to enjoy here.
Dracula Untold is utter hokum, of course, but debut director Gary Shore nurses it along with a certain style and even occasional flashes of wit.
Mildly entertaining without offering any great quality, the movie is a half-decent action showcase for the talented Evans, the fight scenes are OK, and there is enough cheese and ham to fill a tasty sandwich.
The market has been saturated with vampires in recent years, but fortunately Dracula Untold - an origins story that will hopefully lead to future outings - doesn't feel stale.
This cursory reboot adopts the mirth-free mythology tactic beloved of modern superhero ventures.
On this occasion, the prefix aligns much more scrupulously on adjectives like unoriginal, uninvolving, and uninspired.
This half-hearted effort to launch a new action-horror franchise... suggests someone must have looked at every previous version of the material and thought: "You know what? Dracula needs to be more likeable".
Most vampire movies are up for a little camp. By comparison, Dracula Untold erects a complete tent city.
Much like the recent, widely reviled I, Frankenstein, this misconceived project mainly signals a need to go back to the drawing board.
Armour-clanging, cloak-swishing tosh with okay battles, terrible dialogue and sadly little horror or heroism.
Shore eventually delivers the blood and thunder we've been waiting for.
The surprise? It's really not so bad.
It's pretty ludicrous and silly and I found the dialogue was so clichéd and some of the shots as well. However, I think Luke Evans is a really charismatic performer.
The main crime committed by the film is that it isn't scary and it isn't suspenseful; despite all the blood and gore and clever make-up, it's resolutely unengaging.
Breathes new life into an otherwise tired stomping ground, taking this story back hundreds of years and delving into the unknown origin story of the innovator himself, Mr. Dracula.
This dull origin story about history's most famous vampire suggests some tales are indeed best left untold.
The cast sink their teeth in but the resulting film is surprisingly bloodless.
There have been rumbles of the creation of a Universal Monsters universe on the model of Disney-Marvel's cinematic universe, but Dracula Untold would not seem to be a solid ground to start this project.
Lacks passion and personality, trying to straddle the line between comic-book action and gothic horror yet failing to be effective at either one.

@highlight

Neither awful enough to suck nor sharp enough to bite, Dracula Untold misses the point of its iconic character's deathless appeal.