...an erratic yet rewarding little indie.
What could have been a film that exploits a potentially salacious premise for artificially comedic or edgy effect, feels instead like an honest and truthful dissection of the sometimes-strange way modern relationships can work.
Based on a men's mag article, Kyle Patrick Alvarez's debut feature is an honest, funny-sad portrayal of emotional dysfunction.
The film is a slow-burner: a study in loneliness and alienation, whose unexpected ending and ambiguous aftermath require us to reassess all that has gone before.
It is a cool, funny, mischievous movie, with a stand-out, even break-out, performance from Geraghty...
Kyle Patrick Alvarez's movie stands out as one the year's as-yet-undiscovered gems.
An engaging and moving tale.
There's no doubting Alvarez's promise, as he weaves familiar indie elements into a film that is likeable, insightful and compelling.
Excellent American indie that tugs hard on the heartstrings.
What might sound like the set-up for a particularly bawdy Judd Apatow comedy is actually a deceptively sweet tale of twenty-first century alienation.
The genre of road-trip-leading-to-self-discovery now has another masterpiece in its cinematic vault.
If you give Geraghty some time, and you give Alvarez some time, you can see that they're getting at something by letting it play out.
Do not have a relationship over the phone unless you know the person at the other end. You never do
Davy's experience never plays out precisely as you would expect and I, for one, guessed wrong just about every time right up to the poignant, perfectly-acted finale that does provide some closure while opening up a whole new set of life questions.
Easier With Practice is such an assured, solid and just plain good film, it's going to be a tough act to follow.
For any film, let alone a debut, to address difficult subjects with this much insight, humor, and humanity is almost miraculous.
An unexpectedly stirring first feature by Kyle Patrick Alvarez about the challenges of making human connections in the weird and wired 21st century.
Amusingly predicated on the romantic possibilities of phone sex, Easier With Practice pushes past its titillating premise to become a quietly provocative love story about emotionally stunted manhood and the risks some guys will take to connect.
Endearing and wise with a captivating and emotionally raw, brave and honest performance by Brian Geraghty. It's one of the most refreshing, heartfelt and unforgettable American films of the year.
Geraghty relies too heavily on facial expressions and mannerisms, but those who appreciate visible effort may be seduced.
Easier With Practice reveals the sense of loneliness and isolation that permeates modern life and the lure of fantasy in filling its emptiness.
Geraghty's wounded-pup appeal keeps the movie alive even as it heads for a dreary, even-more-implausible-than-the-setup third act. Writer-director Kyle Patrick Alvarez, though, usually finds the right tone and appears to have a promising future.
Easier With Practice is an intimate drama about a fledgling author with a sensitive soul.
Love stories don't come much squirmier than this one, and Alvarez plays it with honesty, insight, and the awkwardness inherent in this blindest of blind dates.
Just because a story is true doesn't mean it's interesting.
[Brian] Geraghty anchors the film with a dedicated performance of sincere tenderness.
Geraghty renders a gutsy, extraordinary portrayal that fully reveals his potential as a sensitive, risk-taking actor with leading-man confidence.
Geraghty's performance is harrowing: Clinging to the phone and tortured by his ecstasy, he weaves empathy out of a flawed loner's dysfunctional fetish.
Alvarez's sincere, probing look at male inexperience creates a modest but bold contrast to the age of snark. His shock of recognition is a humanist landmark.
The weird turns that Davy's life takes always feel emotionally honest, thanks in no small measure to Geraghty's achingly true performance.
Not much seems to have changed in the world of urban heterosexuals since Hal Salwen's 1995 techno-prophetic classic Denise Calls Up.
Superbly directed, brillliantly written and featuring a terrific central performance from Brian Geraghty, this is a thoroughly engaging drama that packs a powerful emotional punch.

@highlight

This promising debut from writer-director Kyle Patrick Alvarez is anchored by a startlingly honest and tender performance from Brian Geraghty that helps make Easier with Practice more than just another road trip drama.