This is complex stuff, and Gray gives it a sense of gravity that comes through not only in the acting-with Phoenix's increasingly heavy-souled performance anchoring things in nearly every shot-but also the filmmaking.
An intriguing blend of mainstream audience-pleaser and a more subtle, even intellectual agenda.
Director-writer James Gray makes it all seem more urgent than it has any right to feel, because he knows how to make tense, violent dramas that are soaking in mood.
This is a man's movie: gritty, macho, and lacking in grace.
If We Own the Night is flawed and somewhat choppy, it served notice that Gray, once he refined his technique, would be a force to be reckoned with in the cinema world.
Gray assumes rather than dramatizes the depths of his characters, scanning for gravitas where there are only rickety clichés
It's not surprising, but it's engaging enough that most patrons will likely cut the director some slack for the out-of-period details and convoluted plot contrivances that make the film seem at once sloppy and too neat.
A generic thriller that aims for deeper resonance, We Own The Night is an intriguing feature, undermined by a plot that stretches credulity, yet which still manages to conform to predictable gangster flick cliché.
Although We Own the Night is never as suspenseful as it wants to be and can be a little formulaic, it never comes close to being boring, and that's something you can't say too often about movies these days.
(We Own the Night) was terribly written and just such a waste of great actors.
The pace may be a shade plodding at times, and the dialogue frequently does disservice to the subject matter. Yet the performances lift it out of the rut...
Lovers of good straightforward thrillers should find plenty to enjoy here.
It's a roller coaster, mainly because a good scene is typically followed by a bad one. For every thrill, there is a melodramatic moment that just doesn't work.
We Own the Night is a film of solid performances but one that tries too hard while stuck in familiar territory.
The drama gains momentum in the second half, so the film gets better, but it's never too far from cliche.
These are some of the finest actors in America, so it's no surprise that they deliver the goods and create solid, complex and accessible characters we can understand.
We Own the Night declaws the organized crime genre.
Eva Mendes seems to basically be around just to work hard feeding her man Joaquin's erotic fantasies for some relaxation on his down time, in this grim, meandering excursion through Brooklyn's mean streets.
[Gray's] feel for dialogue has rarely failed him, and it doesn't here.
Traz vários bons momentos que o transformam em um exemplar de gênero acima da média, a começar por alguns excelentes diálogos.
haraktires poy tha mporoysan aneta na perasoyn arketo hrono akoma se skoteina syrtaria, mpas kai mporesoyn na skoteiniasoyn arketa oi idioi gia na metamorfothoyn se kati esto endiaferon an ohi diaforetiko
You probably won't hate it, but that's because you probably won't feel much of anything about it
A sombre, intelligent, feeling crime drama set in a working-class New York characterised by striving and shabbiness.
The stand-out set piece is an agonising car chase in the rain, replacing the full-throttle showmanship of the Bourne series with a foot on the brake, a shotgun pointing out of the adjacent car, and a series of tight close-ups on the terrified Phoenix.
Offers little that Scorsese doesn't offer with more élan and wit.
It is a little cumbersome with plenty of macho-sentimentalism, and the ending is frankly contrived. But go and see it for the car chase.
Stylishly directed by James Gray, this dark film does a great job portraying the violent gang scene of 1980s New York. More sophisticated than most cop flicks.
The always charismatic Phoenix is the highlight; he carries the film, rising above the occasionally uninspired dialogue and plotting to give a powerhouse turn as a man caught between ambition and duty.
Quality actors Joaquin Phoenix, Mark Wahlberg and Robert Duvall do their best to breathe life into a deeply average cop thriller/family drama.
A grown-up thriller about morality and the consequences of choice, We Own The Night harks back to an earlier era. A cast of heavy-hitters give it all a solid, polished sheen.
Heartfelt performances from all the leads, certainly. Top 80s tunes and a thrilling car chase in the pouring rain.
The kind of movie you feel you've seen before when you're watching it for the first time, Gray's latest never once surprises. But it's intelligent and well-crafted enough to make you prepared to give it the benefit of the doubt.
A desperate violence and urgency spills out in the film's flash-point set-pieces - not least a sensational car chase, shot through a windscreen, hammering rain and a blur of fear.
This just can't compete in an arena with the likes of The Departed - which at least makes a point of its contrived storyline - let alone the high watermark set for cops vs. drugs drama by the TV series The Wire.
Tawdry, pulpy, nuts-and-bolts cop thriller.
ngaging, impressively directed crime thriller with a sharply written script and strong performances from its three leads.
...suffers from an overly deliberate pace that ultimately prevents the viewer from fully connecting with the material.
Once again finds Gray breathing gritty, electric life into a conventional tale.
With a few tweaks here and there it could have been something special.
As a whole, the film feels both too earnest and overly simplistic in its approach to the various moral dilemmas.
... successfully harkens to the best cop dramas of the '70s, when brutal realism shocked audiences and over-the-top action was confined to car chases.
Well-acted but very bloody crime drama.
Gray keeps his picture interesting with a handful of inspired action scenes
Everything old doesn't necessarily feel new again.
This one hangs on the notion of fate, and once you've figured out whose fate is the central issue, the outcome -- even with those clumsy plot twists -- is fairly predictable.
In many ways, We Own the Night is a lite version of our favorite urban cop dramas -- or maybe it's just that writer-director James Gray is a Martin Scorsese lite.
As flat-footed as writer-director James Gray's script often sounds, his cops-vs.-mob tale can be strangely mesmerizing.
Time will tell, but from where I'm sitting this deceptively routine cop movie runs deep. In fact, it already looks like a classic. Cagney and Tracy would be proud.
The gripping, entertaining, rock-solid mob thriller feels like a throwback to a bygone era.
For all the competence in craft, there's no real urgency and distinctiveness to sufficiently mask that we've seen this all before--and indeed we have from Gray himself alone.
Bobby's decision-making throughout is operatic (with grand gestures and tears and sensational lighting), but also crude and flatfooted.
Writer/director James Gray uses the strengths of his top-notch actors to transform "We Own the Night" into something more than a standard-issue cop tale.
Another example of (crime) business as usual.
You'll want to get lost in the dark world of "We Own the Night." Good performances from a great cast blend with an intriguing script in this adult thriller/melodrama.
Takes enough interesting turns and twists to earn and keep your attention, all before an ending that sacrifices credibility for the sake of convenience.
Unravels from about the twenty minute mark on and makes no attempt to recover. Rather, it becomes more cliché and ham fisted as it rolls along.
The film isn't exactly boring. But nor does much of it feel necessary.
[With so many] plot twists and turns, it's almost like a bad parody of a Western.
Gray's characters are weighty and dimensional enough to allow the viewer to overlook the generic nature of the story.
This movie is spellbinding and I found myself captivated throughout.
Too long and anti-climactic, how derivative is this? The final dénouement is straight out of James Fenimore Cooper's The Prairie (1827).
The whole project feels workmanlike, an exercise in neither offending nor impressing.
A world shrouded by danger, suspicion, and family disloyalty comprised of commonplace characters brought to life by exceptional actors.
Powerful drug dealers may be evil, but I doubt they're as stupid and oblivious as depicted in 'We Own the Night.'
This is not the usual conventional cops and robbers film that some critics like to call it... .
Well acted but merely a competent police drama with family overtones.
It's not that it's done poorly -- though this kind of movie has definitely been done better -- but rather that there is nothing here that you haven't seen before. And when we say nothing, we mean nothing. At all.
When the bodies are sorted out, though, Gray wants us to feel the sting of loss, and it's just not there.
All the picture really needed, though, was a little more sweat and grit and a little less concern about its own self-importance.
Between the clubbers and the dealers, they only seem to be renting the night at best.
[S]o drenched in raw, ineffable male anger and love... that it howls with authenticity.
The work of a dedicated and intelligent filmmaker who knows and understands the turf that provides the detail for his stories and the inspiration for his art...
In many ways this traditional-looking flick gives off a vibe of been there-seen it but at the same time it pulsates with a raw energy and rhythm all its own.
You can almost see them give up about halfway through, beaten down by a script that gives them almost no character development or interesting action.
Earnestly acted, typically dour but dully formulaic crime drama.
Highly derivative of 1970s films. Sometimes 'good enough' just isn't good enough.
It's not a flashy film, but Gray is a gifted visual storyteller.
May not have much new to say about the war on drugs...but it says it awfully well.
A robust, respectable cop movie.
We Own the Night may not feel any more special than watching a rerun of The Sopranos or The Wire, but as a serious adult crime yarn, you could do far worse.
Gray deserves some credit, though, for making a movie that seems deeper and more resonant than it turns out to be.
You don't judge artists by where they find their inspiration; you judge them by how they realize it. And in We Own the Night James Gray hits the bull's-eye.
Too slow to be a guilty pleasure and too dumb to be an innocent one, We Own the Night doesn't say a lot except We Own a Lot of Scorsese DVDs.
Gray's skill with meting out suspense pays considerable dividends.
Some great acting and stunning suspense sequences elevate this so-so tale about a police family's complex relationship with Russian mobsters in 1980s New York.
If Gray had put as much effort into his script as he puts into [several] scenes, he might have made a film to rival Scorsese or Cronenberg. As it is, heâ(TM)s tugging mightily on their coattails.
Fans of gritty, intense cop films won't be bothered by... significant flaws; others will have the pleasure of seeing accomplished actors dig into meaty roles.
File this cop family drama movie under films-we-never-need-to-see-again.
A diverting enough time-wasting thriller.
Gray's craftsmanship is admirable, which shows some old-fashioned reverence for the triangulated composition of Scene, Character, Plot and avoids, by and large, the snazzy edits and visual bling that pass for a cinematic imagination these days.
God knows [writer-director Gray] has skill and integrity, but perhaps it's time to acknowledge that he could use script help.
Wahlberg, unfortunately, is over the top, and not in the good way he was in Scorsese's The Departed.
This is an atmospheric, intense film, well acted, and when it's working it has a real urgency.
The whole thing is so generic, so been-there-before, that I spent most of it asking myself nitpicking questions.
Joaquin Phoenix and Mark Wahlberg do a lot of the talking, great mumbling. Two of the movies' master mutterers, they supply a double tour-de-force of indifference to enunciation, steamrolling the English language until it sounds like some other dialect.
The plotting is so rickety that the action hinges on suspicions roused by a character carrying a cigarette lighter and matches.
[The movie] shines as it illuminates that haze of conflicting emotions and motivations within the confines of a powerful police thriller.
Right after the screeching tires of a stunning rain-soaked car chase come to a crashing halt the picture starts moving in a direction growing more ludicrous and asinine by the minute.
We Own the Night is a bloody, passionate melodrama, self-consciously Shakespearean -- or Biblical, or Greek, take your pick of atavisms -- in its intentions.
So meticulous, observant and generous in the details, that I was almost saddened to see the story start up in earnest and inevitably limit the film's scope.
Gray really does offer nothing new here. We get the same old statement of blood being thicker than watered-down business associations.
It's a sensational picture, best received by minds open to generous cinematic brush strokes of right and wrong...undeniably thrilling on primitive, fist-clenching level.
It couldn't have taken seven years to write a screenplay this leaden and uninspired. Surely something like this could be churned out in a weekend.
I gradually found myself respecting and admiring the film and its creator, writer-director James Gray, for its willingness to observe the rules of classic cinema construction without coming across as too self-consciously retro for its own good
Whomever owns it they can keep it cause we've all got better things to do at night than to see a virtually unconscious film that makes Johnny Dangerously look like Angels with Dirty Faces.
A good idea executed badly.
An obviously talented director relying on an obviously limited screenwriter/scenarist.
We Own the Night confirms James Gray's position as a major American film director.
...it's the utter familiarity that keeps We Own the Night from standing out on the screen in the same way it undoubtedly did at the pitch meeting.
Despite a powerful chase scene and some affecting performances, the movie's retro slant makes it simplistic and superficial.
Overall, it's impossible to shake the film's gloomy sense of eternal repetition.
The theme of this absorbing crime drama centers on a simple idea: Blood is thicker than powder.
Gray includes three truly breathtaking action sequences, the equal of any action blockbuster made this year.
At times solid and suspenseful, at times dopily implausible and woefully familiar.
At its core, it's an exploration of the demands and obligations of brotherly love, staged with honesty, originality and a surprising spark of intelligence.
A sluggishly regurgitation of the noteworthy 70's-style cop dramas. The nocturnal naughtiness behind Gray's mean streets saga begs for a compelling ounce of creative daylight
It somehow manages to squander an impressive roster of A-list actors on material so uninteresting and formulaic that you've seen the whole story in the trailers.
One of Hollywood's moldy oldies -- brothers on opposite sides of the law -- gets yet another spin in this lead-footed crime drama by James Gray.
This dramatic crime-thriller never lives up to that potential. In fact, it's considerably less than the sum of its parts.
Phoenix is unquestionably the star of the film. His journey is particularly angst-ridden, and he shows it every step of the way.
Instead of playing to the strength of its leads, the script almost seems to highlight their weaknesses (in other words, you don't see Wahlberg's abs once).
Taut, intelligent and confidently unpretentious about what it sets out to, and does, achieve within the crime-thriller mold.
Gray loves actors, and it shows.
It would be nothing more than sturdy entertainment were it not for the presence of Joaquin Phoenix and Mark Wahlberg.
As cop/crime dramas go, this one offers little that's new but it takes the time to develop the characters and that's where its strengths lie.
The story remains oddly unaffecting, and Gray's camera sense is visually lethargic outside the two big action sequences.
As always, Phoenix is an arresting presence on screen, but don't expect any Departed-esque fast talk from Wahlberg, who is oddly inert in a role that should crackle with brotherly ambivalence.
The movie would seem ripe for TNT, but action this unexciting can't even compete with Law and Order.
Acting is strong (I like these stars), the direction passionate, but the film is bleak and laborious with unbelievable and-or undeveloped progressions in the telling.
We've been down this road before, but somehow the scenery looks new.
...isn't interesting until it's almost over.
A competent, quasi-profound but ultimately shopworn tale of familial loyalty, directed with television-drama flatness.
At Cannes Film Fest, this melodrama about fathers and sons, cops and criminals in the Russian milieu, was dismissed as overly familiar, a genre flick done many times before on TV and the big screen, including James Gray himself--and with the same actors.
We Own The Night brims with raw feelings and elegant filmmaking.
Gray is a far better director than he is a writer. He's got the talent to make great movies. He just needs to stop trying to.
Falters under the strain of clumsy plot turns, banal dialogue and cliched characters.
An old school character-driven police drama that comes from the heart of a filmmaker who's clearly in complete sync with his cast and crew.
Leave the gun. Take the blini.
Helpless with comedy, heavily reliant on coincidence, and out of step with all current cinematic vogue, We Own the Night finally resonates as a beautiful, dolorous nocturne.
Like The Yards, We Own the Night is broody to the point of anesthesia and operatic to the verge of bombast. And like its predecessor, the new film takes itself far too seriously.
We Own the Night plays like gangbusters.
We Own the Night is defiantly, refreshingly unhip.
It's a solid, if unremarkable piece of storytelling.
If anything makes We Own the Night worth watching, it's Phoenix and Wahlberg.
James Gray again tackles his familiar family themes again within an overly familiar cops-gangsters genre.
Adequately acted and flecked with the required quota of action to satisfy genre fans, pic recalls numerous good police dramas of the 1970s, but mostly in superficial ways that bring nothing new to the table.





@highlight

Bland characters, clichéd dialogue and rickety plotting ensure We Own The Night never lives up to its potential.