Reiser has given us a film that makes us laugh while contemplating the ways we understand and misunderstand those we love.
Moderately appealing.
The film is a little saccharine and never as moving as Reiser expected. I know Reiser loves his father, but I didn't need to pay to be told it.
The Thing About My Folks contains more sap than a Vermont maple.
...provides [Falk] with an opportunity for his best work in a a Hollywood film since the hilarious and underrated Big Trouble (1986).
The truth about this sweet, rather shambling little movie is somewhere between the gush and the criticism.
It's a slow enjoyable ride where you aren't asking "are we there yet?" all the way through it.
Before I saw this film, only one movie, Field of Dreams, had ever made me cry. Now there are two.
A lot of the humor is forced and unfunny.
If Reiser's smart, he'll hire Falk for a new Columbo episode, 'The Case of the Roadkill Movie.'
[Falk turns] a stereotyped curmudgeon into a warm and winning character and the only reason to watch.
Formulaic to the max, it's never as funny nor as insightful as it wants to be.
Back when this flick was called "Big Fish," it was a great movie.
Reiser, a famous face from the long-running TV series Mad About You, here proves himself to be a skilful writer and actor for the big screen.
A straight-up case of really bad filmmaking, all mangled punchlines and sitcom setups and all of it too long in the telling.
Two men of very different generations coming to understand and appreciate each other makes for some fine moments. And that's just the actors.
Director Raymond De Felitta's clinical visual treatment renders the tone too cold.
A 'Mad About Gramps' episode that requires Falk to line-dance to Travis Tritt and otherwise demonstrate that old people sure are funny and cute and flatulent.
If you've ever wondered what it would feel like to be trapped in a '36 Ford convertible for 47 years with a Yiddish theater version of Dr. Phil and the runaway bride, this is the movie for you.
Takes Reiser's good screenplay, adds a veteran actor who nails his performance, and comes up with a perfectly charming comedy.
This passable dramedy plays like a Hallmark Hall of Fame telefilm with fart jokes.
If you're of a certain ethnic persuasion, this is a film for you!
It has all the bland, emotional heft of a Hallmark card.
Ultimately more cloying than poignant.
If you thought Mad About You was cloying and gaggingly cute, this could give you the dry heaves.
About as entertaining as the yearly family argument, without any of the holiday turkey to make it worthwhile.
If you leave The Thing About My Folks thinking about your own folks, consider the movie a success.
Reiser and Falk never stop yammering at each other, not when they're line-dancing, not when they're watching a baseball game, not when they should be trying to counter-steer their way out of the car accident they're in the midst of.
Reiser's meandering story could have used a more strongly cohesive presentation, and the dialogue could have been a lot sharper.
It should be the utmost in superfluous viewing, but there's seldom a good reason to pass up quality time with the ever-embraceable Falk, who can deliver a laugh line like nobody's business.
Reiser wrote the script specifically for Falk and himself, so it's not surprising that the actors bond with their characters. And that makes it easy for the viewers to bond with them.
'The Thing About My Folks' is Falk's film with Reiser having little to do except serve as sidekick and exasperated son.
Even Columbo couldn't solve the mystery of why it doesn't work to mix Sweet with a capital 'S' and flatulence.
The thing about Paul Reiser is, just when you think you can't stand another lame, vulgar, obvious scene he's written, he blindsides you with some real insight or character truth.
If ever there were a movie to see with your pop, this is just the Thing.
As it is, it's shamelessly manipulative shtick brightened by sharply drawn supporting performances.
The Thing About My Folks is Paul Reiser's return to playing Paul Reiser.
The movie belongs entirely to Falk's memorable Sam.
A talky therapy session of a comedy.
Despite some amusing and touching scenes, it is a bit too sitcom-like for its own good.
Flat and forgettable, it's a tiresome film barely held together by its plinky piano score, sophomoric flatulence jokes, and cloying greeting-card emotions.
...not nearly enough of the film finds the proper balance between slapstick and sap.
While I resisted much of it, by its finale I was grateful for the trip, and even more grateful to Reiser, who enabled Falk and Dukakis to give the performances of their careers.
The great thing about an old pro like Falk is that he can take the weakest of bits and make you laugh anyway, which he does with consummate skill. But he shouldn't have to work this hard at his age.
Folks means well with its combination of slapstick comedy and tearjerking material, yet it's a random picture, never quite gelling the way Reiser imagines it.
brings out the best in Falk and Reiser, especially Falk, who could be looking at another Academy Award nomination
The real problem with this Paul Reiser project is Reiser himself, who displays little talent for anchoring a feature film
While stocked with simple, earnest observations on love, relationships and family, the film's haphazard plotting and often discordant tone keep it from being anything more than an episodic collection of sentimental aphorisms.
should resonate with any baby boomer dealing with living parents of the WWII era...It's Reiser's "Mad About Falk."
As a film about family relations this one does not disappoint. As a slightly self-indulgent study of New Yorkers looking at themselves, it will charm.
The Thing About My Folks is a crowd-pleasing, tear-tugging film about relationships that should have wide appeal and widespread resonance.
A comedic, sometimes jarring, and deeply human interaction with only a few brief feints toward hyper-sentimentality.
This movie won't dent anyone's career. It's too 'eh' for that.
Even if you've had your bellyful of cute little movies about impossible but adorable families, you might want to make room for this graceful, semiautobiographical riff on Paul Reiser's relationship with his aging parents.
I can't recommend the movie, but I can be grateful that I saw it, for Falk.
It's about men not so much tackling responsibility as passing it off laterally, and finally pulling an end run into the schmaltz zone.
Good-natured but only memorable as a platform for the amusingly feisty Peter Falk.
Falk isn't given anything funny to say or do, but his performance is littered with beautiful touches, tiny oases of brilliance in an entertainment desert.
The fact that it provides one with an opportunity to bask in Falk's almost uninterrupted glow for ninety minutes doesn't make it a good movie.
Like Peter Falk's trifecta of farts, the movie stinks.
A piece about a father-son reconciliation lacks originality.





@highlight

The Thing About My Folks lacks cohesiveness, and the cloying tone makes the talkiness grating.