Mingling reality and fantasy, Forster has given us a luminous, touching meditation on life and art.
Wooden, yes, and saccharine, too. Oh, and did I mention the neutered whimsy?
Not about Peter Pan, and not a kids' movie.
A heartfelt, beautiful film, and one of the best dramas I've seen in years.
Like Big Fish and The Neverending Story, this is a film that reminds us that life, coloured by our perceptions, is what we make it; all we have to do is believe.
Johnny Depp makes another run at the Oscar in the shoes of author-playwright J.M. Barrie.
Finding Neverland is about the importance of hanging on to belief in something that transcends the empirical world. It's a gentle, graceful, and unsentimental film.
full review in Greek
A charming and dramatic tearjerker that's sweet without resorting to syrup.
Infused by an awkward decorum; the kind that descends on a gathering dominated by an unmentioned death or transgression.
Plenty of narrative liberties have been taken. It doesn't matter a jot. At heart, this isn't a biography anyway, it's an ode to the power of the imagination.
A nicely played family entertainment with perhaps more mystery than it knows what to do with.
Clap your hands for a better script.
The only spark of genuine humanity appears at the very end, but by that time most great opportunities of FINDING NEVERLAND are already lost.
The film's about knowing where your inner child is and letting it out to explore great worlds of adventure.
'En una época tan falta de historias agradables, que rejuvenezcan el espíritu humano y nos transporten a lo mejor de nuestra infancia, un filme como este es perfecto'
The film is incredibly manipulative both in its script and execution, but despite this we do feel for the characters.
Interestingly and movingly hints at the sad future fate of his Lost Boys, but it's too timid to follow up on those dark portents.
Finding Neverland is sentimental, to be sure, but a wonderful find for the patient viewer.
Se queda grabada en el alma, esa alma que debiera seguir con polvos mágicos en vez de sólo empolvándose con el paso del tiempo.
If it didn't have Johnny Depp as its star, Finding Neverland would barely pass muster as an average PBS Masterpiece Theatre entry.
'The jewel in the cast is 12-year-old Highmore. Not since Henry Thomas in "E.T." has such a young actor held the screen with such emotion.'
É um bom filme, não há dúvida. Mas, com um pouco mais de coragem, poderia ter sido tão ambicioso quanto o próprio Peter Pan.
A celebration of artistry, not as mere ornament, but as the very stuff of life.
El asunto tiene buenas intenciones, pero, cmo no conmoverse con el primer plano de un nio con grandes ojos llorosos?
Finding Neverland was a real discovery for me. How many of us knew what a personal, emotional, and heartfelt tale this was?
Finding Neverland moved me at times but didn't transport me, either to Edwardian London in the first instance, or from there to Neverland.
"Finding Neverland" is full of wit, emotion, adventure, and mystery that will inspire all ages to come see why and how Peter Pan was born.
The film is whimsical, but it lacks dramatic punch.
It wasn't Barrie's story that the filmmakers were interested in after all... like Disney's Peter Pan, it's just another cloying Hollywood fantasy.
This is an intelligent, lovely film, truly one of the year's best.
If you check out the real bio on Barrie you will wonder what this film was all about.
Man, did Johnny Depp pick the wrong year to give the performance of a lifetime.
...by the time the end came along, I was one swift kick in the shin away from crying like a baby...
The movie is the fairy-tale version of the making of a fairy tale.
Although one should always be skeptical about movies that claim to be inspired by actual events, Finding Neverland is bursting with such affection, heartache and hope that it becomes the kind of story you want to be true, even if it seems a bit contrived.
A movie that celebrates the power of the imagination while also recognizing its limits in a real world of disappointment, marital disharmony and death.
a whimsical film that tries to shine the brightest possible light on its subject matter
Clap your hands if you believe in good writing!
It's Depp who keeps this fabulous but fragile tale alive. Beyond his perfect-sounding Scottish accent, he presents a subtle and complex Barrie who is simultaneously a playful child, a concerned adult and a freethinking artist.
A whimsical flight into the joy of a child.
Finding Neverland usually sustains its magic. Return to Earth though it must, the movie's joys and sorrows leave memorable impressions.
Childishly optimistic, which seems appropriate for a movie about the making of Peter Pan.
Depp has never been better than he is in Neverland.
As usual, Depp is wonderful as Barrie, even when his Scottish accent disappears, though the film is somewhat stingy in providing more insight into what made this mysterious man tick.
It's Depp, sporting a Scottish accent, who carries the film with his daringly underplayed portrait of a man more at home in idyllic forests and lagoons than his own drawing room.
Manages to win the viewer over in spite of itself while further perpetuating the myth of Peter Pan as an eternal headcase.
Evokes more Michael Jackson than magical whimsey. Director Marc Forster knows better than to rely on emotional manipulation like he does here.
Little delights add up in Neverland.
Playfully heartwarming, it features another phenomenal performance by Johnny Depp in the leading role.
For a film about the author of one of literature's rowdiest and most mischievous protagonists (Peter Pan) it's far too bland, slow, and mopey.
Handsome, professional and dutiful, but it never feels inspired.
It's harmless cotton candy with pleasant turn-of-the-century décor, but I admit the Disney ambiance eventually wore me out and I spent a lot of time looking at my watch.
Never underestimate the depth of Johnny Depp's acting talent
Barrie is played with astonishing perfection by Johnny Depp, who at this rate is going to become the best actor of his generation whether he wants the attention or not.
The true stories behind the creation and creator of Peter Pan give Johnny Depp and Kate Winslet a chance to warm -- and break -- our hearts.
... infuriatingly ambiguous ...
(Marc) Forster's subtle yet powerful blend of reality and Barrie's flights of mental whimsy combine for the rarest of the rare: cinematic excellence.
Forster has made a film that's sanitized and bland, replacing passion with maudlin melodrama.
Offers tantalizing glimpses of the intangible and inexplicable that lurk behind the known world, to be seen by the mind's eye of those who look hard enough.
Not so much a biography as a sweet, emotional drama
Finding Neverland is not exactly the way it happened, but this is a movie with a higher truth, one we need to believe in. And you will believe. You will.
The film will probably wring a few tears from even the most cynical, hard-hearted moviegoer.
[Depp] gives the most controlled, least mannered performance of his career, staying sweet and rueful while suggesting unseen emotional depths.
...precious, overstuffed production that functions better as furniture than as film.
Captures both an artist's labors and a child's dreams - and shows that, in certain lucky cases, the two are really the same.
What ends up on the screen is as much fiction as fact, but it's the sort of inspirational saga that will make audiences wish this was the way it really happened.
A triumph of subtlety and grace.
Depp throws himself so totally into Barrie's giddy sense of innocent glee, it's hardly noticeable that there is little substance to the movie.
It's Depp's movie and he's the factor that makes everything click into place.
Inspiration for imagination is all around us, if we only will open our eyes and hearts...open yours to this film.
Although the tender 'Finding Neverland' isn't likely to launch a large-scale Barrie revival, it's certain to please viewers looking for an old-fashioned tearjerker.
Refined and often charming, but it's also...a trifle earthbound. It doesn't reach the level of transcendence at which it aims (and which Barrie's original work achieved).
Adult viewers who scoffed about seeing last year's screen adaptation of Peter Pan can bask in the false esteem of Finding Neverland.
It's simply magical to watch as boys jumping on the bed suddenly take flight in Barrie's mind
Despite liberties taken with true-life facts, "Finding Neverland" is a genuinely touching and exceptionally executed account of J.M. Barrie's creation of "Peter Pan." **
Balancing teary-eyed sentimentality with moments of delight and pleasant humour, director Marc Forster has crafted a deeply moving, wonderfully satisfying film.
Finding Neverland will enchant you as much as Peter Pan did (and still does) kids of all ages.
Get out your handkerchiefs for this weepy bio-pic.
Watchable and passably engaging.
You won't find the real J.M. Barrie in Finding Neverland, but in his time, Hoffman might have been the first actor to find the Pan in Peter Pan.
As James M. Barrie, Depp appears the consummately charismatic child-man.
What makes Depp so incredible as an on screen presence is his generosity. He hardly commands the screen as much as he shares it with his co-stars.
Depp is a charm. He becomes his own, subtly compelling Barrie.
You're expected to weep, and perhaps you will weep. But if you do, it's not likely that you'll respect yourself in the morning.
There isn't much that's less interesting to watch Johnny Depp do than bring a quiet and steady decency to anything.
The movie is one long snooze, until the finish leaves half the audience glowing and in tears.
Marc Forster is lost in Edwardian Neverland. The plot is not only cloddishly obvious but thinner than a stage scrim, and Barrie's 'genius' is scarcely explored.
Pretty as a Victorian candy box and gentle as a sleeping child's breath, Finding Neverland is a small treasure of a film.
Guided by Depp's gentle performance, Winslet's wistfulness and Macdonald's intense Pan, Finding Neverland will send you out of the theater crying and saying, 'I do believe!'
It's so well done, so diabolically effective, that it's not until the movie's over that you realize you've been suckered by well-worn gestures of the classic tearjerker.
Part fiction, a lot of it fact, all of it inspired.
Some things are worth causing a lump in your throat. Finding Neverland is one of them.
It's a mild pleasure to watch.
We can always see the frightened little boy in the man, and the importance of the role that make-believe plays in a world often too eager to tell us to accept things as they are instead of urging us to remake them by dreaming of how they could be.
It's a reminder that a sense of play is at the heart of every play -- at the heart of every artistic endeavor, for that matter -- and yet life is more than just a playground.
For the most part, Forster peeks inside the creative process, presenting us with scenes that are sweetly realized and often touching.
...joyfully celebrates the intersection of imagination and art.
The verities are about the ways imagination is craved and curtailed by loved ones and by society.
Finding Neverland is as relentlessly fanciful as Peter Pan itself.
I'd rank it as one of the best films of the year.
For Depp, Finding Neverland is the latest in an extraordinary series of performances.
Good taste runs amok. The movie is careful to offend no one, which, in a more dramatically told film might not be as irritating.
If Peter Pan were forgotten and Barrie just an obscure, failed playwright, Finding Neverland still would enchant
Despite its failings, the film eventually succeeds thanks to Depp's fearless performance and to a few well-placed heartbreakers.
It's the Oscar recipe done perfectly without any extra fuss, but it's missing that little extra, intangible something. Maybe a child's imagination can find it better.
A beautiful fairytale with some incredibly sad moments to counterbalance the whimsy and sheer magic. Johnny Depp is perfect for this part.
If you can't get inspired by Johnny Depp and Kate Winslet, you certainly have no imagination.
[Depp] is an actor who has never let grownup inhibitions restrain him -- he gives an all... that combines the exhilaration of a child at play with an adult melancholy...
A missed opportunity...recommendable to audiences looking for a warm-hearted, tearjerking movie, but not terribly commendable for cineastes in search of a sophisticated film.
It is Depp who makes the magic real enough to believe.
Twee is one of those distinctly English words. It's used to describe something flowery, fey, hopelessly lightweight. It can also be applied -- quite nicely, thank you -- to Finding Neverland.
There's a lot happening in Neverland, much of it lovely.
Finding Neverland is Depp at his finest, and most accessible.
Though the movie doesn't always give us enough credit for being able to reach the conclusion on our own, it still assembles a persuasive case that there's a Neverland waiting inside every one of us.
Finding Neverland establishes its limits and then transcends them to provide a glorious entertainment for this holiday season.
Intelligent and inspiring.
Despite opportunities to turn soft and clammy, the film is moving but not maudlin, whimsical but not cloying.
The film reminds us not only of the many uses of enchantment, but of the exhilarating magic of the words, 'Let's pretend.'
Finding Neverland has a radiance that comes primarily from Depp's performance but finally suffuses the whole movie -- with its marvelous cast and lovingly created images of a British Edwardian past.
Forster builds on each scene, and the finale ... is quite moving.
Finding Neverland flirts with complexity but never goes all the way.
The fiction is undeniably charming.
There's a simple word to describe Finding Neverland, but it's one that too few movies can qualify for these caustic days: lovely.
An unusual little film.
Carefully sidestep[s] the pitfall of sticky sentimentality through understated writing, sensitive performances and brilliantly imaginative direction.
Johnny Depp brings a steady, wise-yet-vulnerable, almost otherworldly quality to the role of Scottish playwright J. M. Barrie.
The director is enabled greatly by a superb cast, including a superlative turn by the guileless Depp.
...2004's most captivating picture, and certainly my biggest cinematic surprise to date this year...
Impeccable production and a lovely swelling score will make a believer of the most cynical viewer.
Depp tells more with expression here than with dialogue, which is becoming his trademark following his Oscar nomination last year for playing a pirate who often said things that were undecipherable.
Finding Neverland wants us to believe, but instead of desperately forcing itself on our inner-child, the film takes its time and allows us in of our own accord.
Finding Neverlandcaptures the magical essence of being a child (and adults who are child-like) with a touch of sentimentality but without pandering to the audience.
Finding Neverland is as magical as J.M. Barrie's own timeless Peter Pan tale.
Forster doesn't know how to make his story flow -- the picture moves from scene to scene with an almost painfully mechanical precision.
Forster approaches this story of elaborately repressed desires with admirable restraint, resisting the temptation to reduce Barrie to a tangle of pop pathologies.
The film, like Barrie's play is a testament to the imagination and its amazing powers.
In its understated way, it is based on a sense of what separates children from adults and how someone like Barrie might have bridged that gap.
Johnny Depp adds yet another indelible, Oscar-worthy portrait to his gallery of memorable characters
As a study of the creative process, Finding Neverland is too literal, yet gives a healthy idea of the richness and ingenuity of Barrie's work.
Depp doesn't exactly give a great performance, but it is an accomplished one that keeps whimsy in balance with dark fears of failure and loss and, yes, having to grow up.
At its heart, this movie is about believing and finding happiness, and Depp, who has no problem playing an eccentric, can lead us anywhere.
Barrie's Neverland is a bubble bath with endless castles, clouds and caves waiting to be explored. Forster's is a relaxing hot tub, which is also nice, but not the same thing.
a moving tribute to the man who encouraged his readers to never lose their sense of wonder
This is slow; every time I looked at my watch during the first 45 minutes, it seemed that the 101-minute running time had longer to go than the last time I looked.
...will be the favorite film of the year for many and it's in my top 5.
Bomb-sniffing dogs have checked the theater and declared it safe for the kind of old world luxury that sees more action at Miramax than Harvey Weinstein's napkin at Nobu.
...Pull out your pirate swords, dust off your fairy wings and clap your hands if you believe!
A fine, pleasant film that's intent on making grown men cry. At any cost.
The movie is able to sail through familiar waters rather than sink under the weight of clichés.
Neverland is a heartfelt movie that manages to evoke the magic of "Peter Pan" in the most refreshingly basic, unexpected ways.
'An amazing and magical film!'
Tugs at the heartstrings like a toe-fingered harpist.
Director Marc Forster...has gone a lighter, more fanciful route with "Finding Neverland" and accomplishes things quite well.
The story is told gently and simply without excess sentimentality. It is a welcome departure from more contrived holiday fare.
Self-conscious toniness and message-mongering are the undoing of Neverland, which finds itself only sporadically.
Finding Neverland is gently seductive, genuinely tender and often moving without being maudlin.
Marc Forster's handsome-looking film stars Johnny Depp as J. M. Barrie and Kate Winslet as the widow whose sons inspired Barrie to write Peter Pan.
Finding Neverland, one of the best films of the year, is a convincing and tender depiction of the ties between imagination, play, and creativity.
As Peter Pan might have put it, an awfully small adventure.
Forster keeps the picture as a whole in perfect tune with Depp's approach, and he gives the story a compellingly dark atmosphere.
A powerful work which embraces the joys of life and the neverending spirit of imagination, equally heartwarming and heartbreaking, often at the same time.
A colorful but melancholy whimsy burns at the heart of Neverland, and it is perfectly personified by Johnny Depp in another irreproachable, unconventional performance.
Johnny Depp brings more magic to the screen in the gentle "Finding Neverland."
highly entertaining while packing a giant emotional punch
Forster might miss the magic elsewhere, but when his film turns its attention to the theater and the whole theatrical experience, you realize he's a major filmmaker.
Depp, as the Scottish-born turn-of-the-century playwright J.M. Barrie, portrays a fellow who is openly gentle to the core, and the actor just about wraps the movie around his lilting delivery and quiescent gaze.
This is solid but unspectacular entertainment, and most who see it will leave theaters satisfied, although not overwhelmed.
The movie is as uninspired and lifeless as "Peter Pan" is inspired and imaginative.
[Finding Neverland] turns Barrie's life into an exercise in tepid sentimentality that will bore children and move only the more lachrymose of their minders.
One of the real charmers in this year of biopics.
Finding Neverland practices a tasteful restraint, embodied by Depp's unusually subdued performance.
A bit like a roll of toilet paper made out of cotton candy.
I like the way this film kind of mirrors Peter Pan. That we have these magical elements, little things that of course are now keystones and touch notes in the Peter Pan story we see how the idea first came to him.
Like a cross between the fantasy of Big Fish and the childlike sense of wonder of In America.
one of the year's best films.
In his second role this year as a writer (remember 'Secret Window'?), Johnny Depp delivers an extraordinary performance, one marked again by meticulous attention to detail.
The cumbersome Finding Neverland never gets off the ground.
Glorious entertainment.
Utterly charming, graceful, and poignant.
I don't think there's another actor alive who can convey the intermingling of gentleness and passion with as much precision as Depp.
The frequent steps from reality into fantasy are gorgeous to behold and humanely relevant rather than cloying and cute.
Every year, one movie comes out and hits me emotionally like no other. Finding Neverland is my favorite movie of the year.
Funny and moving without being sappy.
A thoroughly enjoyable drama that is both heart-breaking and uplifting. Highly recommended.
A rare example of obvious Oscar bait that still manages to grab you and charm you into a trance.
Intertwines imaginative fantasy with real life -- and like Neverland itself, it is a beguiling, intoxicating mix.
The Depp magic, a fine cast and an inventive production preempts over-sentimentality and gives new meaning to Peter Pan for us adults in the crowd.
The story never comes into its own, only skimming the surface of Barrie's obsession and failing to grasp the psychological ties underlying his most intimate relationships.
Take all the really good parts of Shakespeare in Love and Big Fish, put it in a blender, and the end result is Finding Neverland.
Simply gorgeous to look at, and it packs an undeniable punch--strange, silly, inventive, devastating, inspiring.
Impeccably made and genuinely moving.
A rewarding piece of filmmaking that has all the makings of a classic weepie.












@highlight

It won't pass muster for those looking for historical accuracy, but Finding Neverland is a warm, heartfelt drama with a charm all its own -- and Johnny Depp gives a graceful performance as Peter Pan creator J.M. Barrie.