A sprawling, often provocative exploration of the ethics and competing interests involved in the coverage of a case like Elizabeth's murder.
Occasionally Winterbottom delivers a haunting, effective moment, giving a hint of a different, more compelling film. But then it's back to the self-righteous, self-indulgent, muddled metaphors.
... drains most of the suspense by downplaying the whodunit aspect of the case in favor of a heavy-handed procedural about media ethics.
The Face of an Angel takes too many detours and breaches its viewers' trust too many times to be taken seriously.
built on the intriguing idea of using a thinly fictionalized version of the notorious Amanda Knox trial to explore how real-life events are transformed into art, but the resulting film gets muddy and misguided very quickly
...the film is contrived, confusing, and, despite dense plotting, severely lacking in emotional or thematic depth.
The film does occasionally show a pulse when it tries to re-imagine the life of the victim - when it turns the tables on the mystery and tries to become a film about love and life, instead of doom and death. But it's too little, too late, and too lame.
this one -- inspired by the real-life 2007 Amanda Knox/Meredith Kercher case -- seems content to wander off into meta-ness, even if it never arrives anywhere.
To get at the heart of what's wrong with "The Face of an Angel" all you need to do is consider the professional stones it takes to adapt the Amanda Knox case into yet another movie about the existential/amorous crises of a white male filmmaker.
There's a great deal of intelligent material here. Winterbottom mounts a harsh attack on our fascination with killers and our tendency to forget the victim. Yet it's overlaid with so much navel-gazing, it's hard to take.
Rambling, frustrating and wholly uninvolving, "The Face of an Angel" swarms with ideas that have no place to land.
Like the floundering filmmaker at its center, "The Face of an Angel" never seems sure of what story it wants to tell.
[A] silly metamovie based on the Amanda Knox murder case.
Winterbottom takes the tabloid zip out of a lurid story of sex and death without adding anything of substance to compensate.
An unusually wan effort from Michael Winterbottom.
Past Winterbottom films have turned "real life" into both comedy and tragedy. The Face Of An Angel turns it into a directionless skulk.
A picture that trades any suspense for endless scenes of a bored Bruhl staring at a screen, trying to find a story. Any story.
The Face of an Angel may not be like any other whodunit you've seen, but it's also only superficially smarter than the genre it defines itself against.
Michael Winterbottom's film is a mess of tones, but not of ideas, which could well sum up the director's prodigious but uneven oeuvre.
The Face Of An Angel, although it presents a sceptical look at the operations of the media, turns out to be about a different questions of perception and representation.
Winterbottom is not out to thrill, but to lecture on the truth, which, he believes, can only be found in fiction.
A lovely-looking yet muddled meditation on truth.
Winterbottom tiptoes around the crime at the centre, steering clear of the sensationalism he indicts. The result is a journalist's worst fear: not much of a story.
Overlong and astonishingly self-indulgent.
The overwhelming impression here is one of underdevelopment; it's an idea masquerading as a movie, a daydream that thinks it's a rumination.
While the central thesis, that truth can only be told through fiction, is sound ("real truth and justice" having become "just a popularity contest"), this remains too clumsily schematic to get beneath the surface of its subject.
The Face of an Angel is a fascinating but perplexing film, which typifies its director's offbeat approach to whatever subject matter he tackles.
Winterbottom gives a righteous and enjoyable savaging to the media-workers for whom the murder of a young woman means firstly a meal ticket, and then good fodder for dinner-party chatter.
A contemplative film pondering the nature of the difference between reality and fiction, one with resonance beyond the true-crime story it's kinda sorta about.
Invests sobriety and pathos into the consideration of a genuine tragedy, and identifies Kercher as its angel.
By taking a fictionalised approach to the Meredith Kercher murder case in Italy, filmmaker Michael Winterbottom sets out to show how tricky it is to find the truth in any case...
[An] intelligent and surprisingly sensitive meditation on the way our society and its various media react to violent crime.
It is shallow and glib, and Brühl's fantasies and nightmares lead to some terrible tonal misjudgments and wrong notes.
Dramatically underwhelming. Doesn't really feel like there's a film here.
On one level a fascinating refraction of the Amanda Knox trial into an examination of perception, on another an increasingly trying hall of mirrors.
The Face of an Angel turns circles without really getting anywhere, the work of a filmmaker getting bogged down first in the vagaries of the modern media and the Italian criminal court system, then in his own personal and professional difficulties.
The Face of an Angel ties itself up in some strange knots, but Michael Winterbottom conjures up a haunting gothic atmosphere in Siena.
You can sense the director's struggle here, wrestling with how to take on such a story. Like Thomas, you suspect he started out with a very different film in mind; the problem is, what he's ended up with is a mixed bag.
Michael Winterbottom can't solve the murder of Meredith Kercher, but what he can do is reveal philosophical truths that go way beyond guilt and innocence, and it makes for some wonderfully smart stuff.
The depiction of the creative process far too tedious and pretentious to illuminate anything meaningful about the way fiction and reality intersect.
An intriguing and well-constructed but ultimately less than riveting fictionalised account of events inspired by the Amanda Knox trial.
[Winterbottom] defuses the material, in what feels more like a rough draft than a final cut.
Nonetheless the film is carried by a sense of mystery, sex and the unanswered questions of the case.
"The Face Of Angel" is best filed in the "also ran" category. The idea of turning a true crime story into a intellectual cinematic exercise is novel, and could be witty and sharp, but 'Angel' never comes across that way.
Winterbottom delivers the thoughts so stiffly, within such an insistently dark and brooding atmosphere, that one longs for the more traditional true-crime approach hinted at whenever any character offers their theory about who committed the murder.
There are lots of things to recommend about this film.
The central performances are impressive, with Kate Beckinsale especially good ...
There are many good things in the swiftly-moving narrative, filmed with a hand-held camera to give a documentary look.

@highlight

The Face of an Angel finds director Michael Winterbottom in pursuit of ideas that remain frustratingly diffuse and agonizingly out of his grasp.