Nothing about the film itself led me to believe that I would enjoy myself. Against all reason, I did.
Bridget's tribulations as an aging woman forced to adapt to new technology and a workplace overrun by millennials add a relatable contemporary element without feeling gimmicky.
I wouldn't say that it's a great movie or even much of a step forward for feminists. But, I have to confess that I can't remember smiling quite so much at a movie lately, and even laughing out loud.
... light entertainment that wants to share a moment in the lives of the characters who, like us, are no longer young. [Full review in Spanish]
An unsatisfactory throwback to films that used to be called "risque."
Even though a lengthy two hours, the narrative skips along rather nicely. Fans of the series are sure to like it.
For Bridget aficionados, it's going to be unmissable, the film that belatedly completes the trilogy. But for others...the end result's only fractionally better than the flawed and floundering Edge Of Reason, and not a patch on the magnificent 2001 original.
It is not fantastic, but it offers a warm and fuzzy feeling, which is more than enough.
... a bundle of joy.
Bridget Jones is a figurehead for the romantic comedy genre-a genre oft-reviled for letting a plot device as simple as finding love carry a film. But come on: This is something that people, both men and women, want in our lives.
This is a film for all the Bridgets who refuse to accept the end marks with which society says they should schedule their lives, preferring their own timelines and new beginnings.
Bridget Jones's Baby, the third, much-troubled installment of the Bridget Jones series, is a delight. Go see it.
Whatever the movie's numerous faults, it's nice to have Zellweger back on screen (it's been six years). She transforms a fuzzy, uneven script into something that's seemingly effortless. She's the reason the movie works (when it does - fitfully).
Bridget's choices were often bad over the first two films, but the scripts usually ignored the fact that her men were worse. Three films in, the franchise seems to have caught up and started rewarding her.
A franker, tougher approach to Bridget's situation might have yielded a darker, funnier film.
After 15 years, is Bridget Jones just past the sell-by date?
Thankfully, this third outing for Renée Zellweger's singleton is a lot more worthwhile than the recent returns of Zoolander and the Terminator.
Bridget Jones is back and it's a Bridget too far.
What was once a clever take on Pride and Prejudice has been reduced to an unsuccessful franchise tryst.
Bridget Jones's Baby is a rather lovable and funny film, and it will give everyone a good chuckle and a nice warm feeling inside regardless of sex or age.
The movie's atmosphere of devotion spills over to those watching.
A film that succeeds due to the creative formula behind cameras that worked perfectly with the first film and for being hilarious enough that it fulfills its own pretensions. [Full review in Spanish]
Zellweger can still make viewers sympathetic toward Bridget's misfortunes in part because Bridget has some traces of wisdom to go with the passing years.
A movie that tries to connect with a universe that is hostile and even cruel. The third film is, by far, the least inspired of the saga. [Full review in Spanish]
Directed with style and wit by Sharon Maguire, who made the original, Bridget Jones's Baby delivers in every department.
Bridget Jones's Baby delivers a feel-good romcom with just the right amount of refreshing comedy, a sprinkle of slapstick and a whole lot of quirkiness. And of course, the soundtrack is perfection.
A spright, persistently funny look at a woman flailing in a comic swirl of mid-life turmoil....Bridget is in her mid-40s here, so what [we] now need is one more film where we see Bridget in her 60s trying to bring up a 21st century teenager.
Zellweger frequently seems awkward in Bridget Jones' skin this time around, as if lacking direction for the character's development from me me me to mama.
This film is watchable -- but only after an entire bottle of wine (to be drank alone while singing 'All By Myself' for authenticity) and only by forgetting the first two films ever existed.
The film is at its best when it brings its three leading actors together. Their light-hearted battles and arguments provide more than enough laughs to make this an entertaining experience.
Funny, touching and a must-see for any true Bridget Jones fan.
Zellweger saves the day, even when she's just going through the motions.
You know you're in trouble when momentary flashbacks from previous films in a franchise make you wish you were watching one of them instead of the dreary cinematic rendering before your eyes.
Emma Thompson and Sarah Solmani prove scene-stealing as Bridget's dry doctor and bawdy show presenter, respectively. But overall, this is all about good ol' Bridget, and you can't help but love her.
It's not better than the first movie but it is infinitely better than the sequel, despite having some redundant moments. [Full review in Spanish]
It's got the same smart character work and commitment to slapstick as the previous films, while believably adapting the characters to older ages and the passage of time. (Splice Today)
Banal and embarrassing and cliched beyond words, trite and awkward and perplexing. But hey, at least nobody dies. Well, except Hugh Grant's character, who "went down in the bush," snork, snork.
Her heart is still gold and her sense of humor fully intact, reminding us why we fell in love with her in the first place.
Twelve years may have been a long wait, but the movie was worth waiting for.
This is one of the most sure-bet "girls' night out" movies since Sex and the City.
It does have the vibes of a fun chick flick but sorry Bridget, I cannot love you just the way you are anymore: incomplete without a man
Bridget Jones's Baby, ultimately, snatches victory from the jaws of defeat.
There's just enough charm to compensate for the film's more obvious shortcomings.
Thompson absolutely chews through scenes in a way that would tickle Alan Rickman pink beyond the grave.
This installment captures the charm and hilarity of the original film, rather than the silly sequel, and presents a Bridget more likeable than ever.
The film is not boring. It's too likeable for that, resonating with echoes of good times gone by. But I hope they don't do it again.
This is a hug from an old friend, one we haven't seen in a while and who, as it turns out, some of us have missed more than we'd anticipated.
Although it's patchy and gives off an air of trying too hard, the movie is surprisingly funny.
A film that meets expectations and satisfies its public. [Full review in Spanish]
It's a lot better than the second film, almost as likeable as the first, and features an ensemble cast of excellent comic actors who are led from the front by Renée Zellweger with her usual bravery and aplomb.
Although Bridget Jones's Baby would be better described as a sweet dramedy than a rom-com, it still offers feel-good (if only sporadically humorous) viewing that will leave all the ladies in the house eliciting sighs of "awww..."
Bridget may have gotten older and wiser, but her movies have stayed the same.
Sweet, slight and fitfully funny, it's a movie admirers of the earlier films should mildly enjoy, but cast in terms any new parent can understand, isn't worth the price of a sitter.
Bridget Jones's Baby booms with tons of little Bridget-isms, on-brand British humor and a big, beating heart.
Over-the-top and ridiculous, this sequel seems to exist in a different world than the one we live in.
Eschewing melodrama, and opting for herself as the focus of her attention and affection , Bridget Jones's Baby is far better than expectations would indicate.
So reliably does she embarrass herself at every public event that the film, trudging by on automatic, becomes an embarrassment, too.
The solid third film in the series about the adventures of endearing klutz Bridget Jones follows a similar formula to the first instalment.
Bridget delivers the sparky screwball comedy that's worth waiting for...
I didn't find things that funny.
Bumping into Bridget Jones again is like time standing still. It instantly reminds you how much you missed her.
"Bridget Jones's Baby" boasts a great cast and overall pretty solid writing. It's not perfect, but it is well worth a viewing.
"Bridget Jones's Baby" survives a shaky opening 45 minutes by redeeming itself with a charming second half .
As the plot complications pile up, so do the opportunities for Zellweger and an ace supporting cast (including Emma Thompson, hilariously droll as Bridget's doctor) to strut their stuff.
A bit formulaic? Perhaps. Still... a lot to like here for Bridget Jones's fans, including Dempsey, who slips into the role of another suitor with charm and aplomb...
While this threequel is not as good as the 2001 original, which was irresistibly zeitgeisty, it's better than the wobbly second. And in its silly, completely shallow way, it could be the flat-out funniest.
Bridget Jones has grown up. We owe it to ourselves to grow up along with her.
This third instalment is not as funny or as original as its predecessors -- and sorely misses Grant -- but it's an enjoyable enough entertainment for a Friday night at the cinema.
The Bridget Jones saga has always relied on a mix of humiliation comedy and Cinderella fantasy, and director Sharon Maguire and her team make little effort to update the formula
A sloppy, careless mess which takes forever to get where it's going and has no idea what to do when it gets there, Sharon Maguire's return to the Bridget Jones franchise is still fairly watchable thanks to the charisma of its three leads.
Bridget Jones's Baby is a perfectly enjoyable addition to the Bridget Jones franchise, if not a particularly meaningful one.
It ends -- happily of course, but not necessarily ever after -- on a colossally good sight gag, which neatly tees up part four in the franchise. Bring it on.
The cast and crew could have easily just recycled the same old jokes, but they've skilfully pushed Bridget into a new stage of her life while keeping her as clumsily likeable as ever.
If the ending of Bridget Jones's Baby leaves us approximately where we were at the fade-out of the last film, so what? Those who fail to learn from movie sequels are destined to repeat them.
Fans of the original will really enjoy this film, but even Bridget Jones virgins should get a few laughs out of the middle-aged mirth-making.
We'll go along with it because Zellweger and friends are charming and, well, human.
Welcome back, Bridget Jones.
The first hour is nauseatingly politically correct, contrived, unfunny, and boring. Worse, every single female in the first part drops F-bombs all over the place, even a 10 year old girl. Funny? Not! That said, the last hour is very good.
Fun, if racy, sequel reminds us why we love Bridget.
Bridget Jones's Baby delivers on the smooshy stuff, to be sure, but it's the stuff in between that really delivers.
In spite of its slightly excessive runtime and a handful of millennial-pandering beats, Bridget Jones's Baby is brought to term by the buckets of undeniable charm and charisma.
Sarah Solemani supplies rude chuckles as a brazenly sassy newsreader. But it's Zellweger's Bridget who delivers the biggest, heartiest, joyfully good-natured guffaws.
Agreeable comfort food for the multiplex masses, showing amazing fidelity to franchise tone after an extended break. Fans should be pleased with this reunion, even if it's lacking overall snap.
Bridget Jones's Baby is breezy fun once you get passed the forced feminism and clunky attempts to grab the zeitgeist.
The entire movie feels like an unwelcome relic re-emerging from a different generation.
Funny beyond the call of chick-flickery...
The jokey vibe of the previous films has been turned up to preposterous levels.
Pregnant with possibility, but it fails to deliver.
I'd like to raise a glass of Chardonnay and toast Bridget Jones's Baby on its (mostly) hilarious, and long-anticipated, homecoming.
Welcome back, Bridget Jones.
It's been 12-years since we've seen Bridget Jones. Is 12-years long enough? Sacharine sweet for those needing a chick flick sugar fix. The rest of us will need to chew NoDoz.
The Pinkberry solipsism of this particular franchise all but requires our heroine persist as a lovelorn martyr for her audience's benefit.
The result is less a date night movie than one better suited for "girl's night out."
A slickly refurbished relic, a flat bit of frothy formula that only nostalgia buffs could warm to.
Bridget Jones: The Retirement Years, anyone?
We are on team Bridget.
The characters are so likeable and the chemistry between them so strong that you're happy to stay the course.
The only thing that works in this mess is Emma Thompson...her scenes have a wit and crackle that is sorely missing from the rest of the film.
The movie's mores can feel cluelessly retro as the ever-dithering Bridget lurches between one man and another.
That the third installment of the Bridget Jones franchise is wearily formulaic both in storyline and characterization is no surprise.
Watching Renée Zellweger reanimate the character of Bridget Jones 12-years on is a lot like reconnecting with an old friend.
There isn't much that feels fresh in this outing. The one exception is Emma Thompson.
Fifteen years after she first stumbled onto our movie screens, Bridget Jones hasn't changed too much. Thank goodness.
Zellweger has precision comic timing, her British accent is close to flawless, and she's having a great time.
Renee Zellweger returns to her Oscar-nominated role without missing a beat, finally redeeming the character after her lacklustre sophomore appearance.
Renée Zellweger and a delightful cast, especially Emma Thompson, add some weight to the light simplistic plot. Several humorous moments make this romp a less-than-painful delivery.
It's funny and engaging and the lead character, again played by Renee Zellweger, seems more like a real person than the caricature who wandered dazed through The Edge of Reason.
It's hindered by a dum-dum plot, but Zellweger is as effervescent as ever in her signature role.
Bridget Jones's Baby leaves two happy impressions: 1) Welcome back Bridget! 2) More Emma Thompson, please.
Like most reunions, it's at once awkward, comforting, and ends up feeling like it belongs to another time.
a sprinkling of redemptive magic
[T]he second sequel never quite re-captures the focus on character over situations that made Bridget Jones's Diary such a joyful remedy to the lazier brands of romantic comedies.
It feels current because they've allowed the character to grow. Bridget's still awkward and prone to embarrassing foibles, but she's older, wiser, comfortable in her own skin.
In spite of the mess, Zellweger remains winsome and charming as Bridget, enough so that one wishes the movie had done better by her.
It sounds godawful in title and concept - but which in execution is a fizzy delight. Warning: The sight of middle-agers bonking may cause teen tremors.
After a promising start, Bridget Jones's Baby gets more nonsensical as it goes, culminating in a ridiculous race to the hospital that should have embarrassed everyone involved.
I missed Zellweger on-screen more than I thought I did, especially in this type of role, playing flawed, down-to-earth women who aren't flawed just because they say they are, but because they feel like the same type of hot mess I can be.
On its own fluffy, feelgood terms, Bridget Jones's Baby is a big improvement on the last film and a welcome return to an older, occasionally wiser modern screen heroine.
Of all the performances in a patchy production, only one achieves perfection. We get to see it through the modern medical miracle of ultrasound.
For every observantly funny line, there's a tired joke about long East Indian names; for every forward-looking musical cue, there's a strenuously unhip flashback ...
Bridget Jones's Baby is such an unabashed romp of silliness that it seems clear there was one goal in mind: The movie doesn't always have to make sense, but it must always display a sense of humor.
In short, Bridget Jones's Baby is not a great Bridget Jones movie, but it is a Bridget Jones movie, and maybe that's all people need.
Bridget Jones's Baby meets expectations and shows a more mature version (although not less hilarious) of this classic character. [Full review in Spanish]
Dempsey and Firth contrast beautifully, and each has a different kind of chemistry with Zellweger.
A third installment that attempts to recapture the charm of the first (2001) but, much like the second (2004), is only a sour facsimile.
From start to finish, this film seems strangely out of touch, never more so than when it tries to come across as enlightened.
Enough laughs here to merit this gaffe-filled outing with Ms. Jones.
Bridget Jones's Baby is a bit of all right, as Shakespeare might have said.
Shot with no particular finesse, it is often ungainly but rarely unappealing. Rather like Bridget, in fact.
I would say I probably don't care enough to see this at the cinema, but if I happened upon it on TV I would happily stay for the duration, and that's the sort of film it is.
Uneven at times, Bridget Jones's Baby will please fans and gives the old girl a warm wrap-up.
With its evocative soundtrack and wink at another famous film romance, Baby may be formulaic but the formula works.
There is a smattering of amusing moments here and there, yet much of this is played far too broadly and goofily for my tastes. (Full Content Review for Parents - Sexual Content, Profanity, etc. - also Available)
This Baby's no great shakes -- it's only been 12 hours since I saw it and I've already forgotten almost everything about it. Yet I remember it with something like fondness.
Not only does Zellweger still look very much like Bridget, she imbues the role with the same ungainly charm that made audiences fall in love with her in the first place.
With its romcom cliches and obvious pratfalls, it may not have the sparkle of the original film, but it is an endearing return, the aging of its main cast bathing it in sentimental nostalgia.
A rom-com that is both genuinely romantic and genuinely comic.
Even when the film doesn't track logically - and often it doesn't, laughs being the top priority - it's entertaining. Like Bridget, it's a mess, but an adorable one.
This is a light, charming romantic comedy, ably carried by two good sports and one appealing star.
There hasn't been a clamoring for another movie about Bridget Jones, but with this outing, she - and Zellweger - makes a welcome comeback.
This update on Bridget's always-complicated affairs of the heart is more often than not a bundle of joy to watch and a far cry from being a pail of poopy nappies.
A movie that perfectly understands its strengths and capitalizes on them, crafting a fun story for a fun ensemble.
A sprite surprise. By largely removing the quest for shacking up and making not a single chubby joke, Zellweger and the rest of the cast are allowed to engage in some delightfully charming old-fashioned screwball comedy set-ups.
Who's the daddy? Who cares! What's really important is that after a 12-year absence from the big screen, the lovably flawed singleton remains true to herself.
The romantic triangle sets up the sturdy structure of the movie's comedy, and there are plenty of laughs as Bridget's personal life begins to intrude--once again-on her career.
It's like reuniting with old friends you didn't realize you missed so much.
No match for the 2001 original, but the endearing cast makes this third installment better than expected.
If "Bridget Jones's Baby" is the best an actress like Zellweger can expect from the film industry, maybe she'd be better off just saying "Hashtag: Let's not."
A triumph of daffy charm.
This is a third helping of comfort food, lukewarm but edible for anyone in the mood.
While Zellweger is still immensely likable as Bridget, her antics are not as endearing as they were 15 years ago.
Though Bridget Jones's Baby can definitely provoke the occasional hearty, well-earned laugh, sitting out the aftermath of one self-embarrassing stumble after another gets a tad dull after a while.
Director Sharon Maguire does a competent job of stretching out the guessing game about the baby's father, and everything wraps up quite satisfactorily for hardcore fans of the trilogy.
Despite an abundance of mostly tepid jokes that keeps the comedic tone at a quiet simmer, "Bridget Jones's Baby" doesn't jell.
A frivolous, fitfully amusing time-waster with a dodgy middle stretch - but also a reminder that Zellweger's Bridget is, you know, funny.
It's a goodnatured, accessible, persistently endearing matinee, and sometimes it's nice to be won over by simple sincerity and commercial likeability.
This movie, for all its comedic ridiculousness and wild circumstance of the paternity crisis, is a jubilant celebration of women.
The humor is labored, the story is padded and the whole affair lumbers on far too long.
Renee Zellweger's third outing as Helen Fielding's irrepressibly charming and daft Londoner is a winner. Bridget Jones's Baby is the best date movie of 2016 so far.
The verdict, in a Bridget Jones-ian nutshell: not v. good, but v. enjoyable.
While it unabashedly leans into its chick-flick nature, returning director Sharon Maguire - who helmed 2001's franchise-starter Bridget Jones's Diary - manages to craft the strongest and funniest film of the series.
This is the movie equivalent of meeting an old friend you haven't seen in a long time for brunch.
BRIDGET JONES'S BABY is an amiable romantic triangle that satisfies with humor and heart.
An often funny and consistently endearing old-school romantic romp that serves up an unapologetically delightful bit of escapist distraction from reality.
As a chance to revisit a beloved literary-turned-cinematic character, "Bridget Jones's Baby" is pleasant, harmless and predictable. Alas, for every victory, there is a stumble.
Zellweger shines as an older, wiser Bridget even if the rom-com elements sometimes fail her.
Zellweger shows flashes of her Oscar winning talent and is certainly not past her "sell-by date," even if she's tampered entirely too much with the packaging.
This is an unabashed fairy tale. But as wish-fulfilment fantasies go, it has more than a few funny moments and makes the effort to ground itself in reality.
The warmest and most satisfying of the series.
Funny and charming. But what's missing is Hugh Grant as Daniel 'invest in lockable knickers' Cleaver.
A baggy, laboured rehash that, at 123 minutes, lumbers on for an eternity.
A highly effective film for those looking for a fluffy and funny girls night out.
As artless as it can be--and as thuddingly predictable about the baby's parentage and whom Bridget will end up with--even grumps will admit to scattered amusing bits...and the likeability of Zellweger and Firth.
Bridget Jones is not cute. She is not charming. She is unstable, irrational, and just plain awful.
It is agreeably optimistic, faithful to the characters (if not Fielding's third novel) and very funny.
For all its foibles and occasional missteps, Bridget Jones's Baby marks a very welcome return for a character who, all these years on, hasn't lost her neurotic charm in the slightest.
Hilariously inventive
Filled with priceless laugh out loud moments, everything comes together in this final chapter
Expectations, following the dreadful second instalment of the Bridget Jones saga, are understandably low. Helpfully, that should mean many will leave Bridget Jones's Baby mildly charmed, if not entirely delighted, by its innocuousness.
Affectionate and hilarious.
Nearly all the cast is back, jokes are razor-sharp and cultural references are on point.
This is, on the whole, a worthy completion of the trilogy -assuming it is to stay a trilogy, and that we are not likely to assemble again one day for Bridget Jones's Dentures.
Laugh-out-loud funny, emotionally engaging and superbly acted, this is a welcome return for one of Britain's best-loved comic characters.
Some very British and very funny high jinks ensue, with key ingredients from the Working Title British Rom Com Handbook all whizzed up in a nutri-bullet of a script.
We're glad this film exists and we're happy things worked out for Bridge. We're just not sure she's one of us anymore.
A warm, witty and welcome return - intelligently evolved and an absolute hoot. As Bridget would say: 'v.good'.
Even if the machinations of the plot are highly unlikely and predictable, like the best British comedy, there are moments that make you cringe as well as laugh out loud.
Zellweger feels back in charge of the character again, and even her excesses are easily indulged, after the tonally hideous detour of 2004's The Edge of Reason.
More than a match for the original, the third outing for Bridget has a solid story with holes you'll forgive thanks to the much-missed onscreen magic created by a director and her leading woman.
Basically, Bridget presides over a kind of coalition government of very good supporting turns which on aggregate enforce their chaotic comic rule over the audience. Just about.
The proceedings may be typical for Bridget and the series, but it's all played so earnestly that it's difficult to hold a grudge.
If her character has failed to grow any wiser or more interesting, Zellweger still delivers her with enough charm to carry the film over the finish line.
"Bridget Jones's Baby" is not a comedy for the ages, but it's interesting to see a rom-com starring a middle-aged woman grappling with irrelevance in the workplace.
...delivers on what the franchise has always done best...

@highlight

Bridget Jones's Baby might be late on arrival, but fans of the series should still find its third installment a bouncing bundle of joy.