With Walker and cinematographer Dudu Miranda, Muniz has a hawk's eye for the weird beauty of bulldozed hillocks of trash and the catador faces that he chose to star in photographic portraits.
This conversion of garbage into humanitarian aid is just the beginning. Practical charity gives way to life-changing intimacy.
The breadth of gratitude these catadores feel towards Muniz and the life-experience they undertake makes for an intelligent, emotional movie.
Waste Land is a real treasure, the sort of heartwarming and life affirming study of people, lacking in both sentimentality and cynicism, that uplifts the audience and elevates the art form
Waste Land fuses the design concepts behind two of the most high-profile animations of recent years, Rio and the Oscar-winning Wall-E, into an essay about how hard some people are prepared to work.
The result is a film that works on multiple levels, casting light on a worldwide problem while delivering a big jolt of human hope.
Muniz is a gifted, modest and altogether delightful man, and his project is both aesthetically fascinating and philosophically stimulating.
It's inspiring, humbling and beautifully made.
A well-made and often uplifting film that refuses to get angry yet still manages to point out that things aren't as they should be for a great many.
More self-conscious, subtle exploration than the dubious bleeding-heart PR stunt implied by its premise.
The glimpses of favela life will make you thank your lucky stars you weren't born there.
Well made and impressively structured, this is a heartwarming, genuinely inspirational and ultimately deeply moving film that has deservedly picked up an Oscar nomination for Best Documentary.
Perhaps not life-changing but certainly life-affirming.
This is undoubtedly a bold raid into an unknown territory - both geographic and conceptual - that the prosperous classes prefer not to think about.
Walker finds inspiration and strange beauty in the squalor.
As in her memorable Blindsight, in which sightless climbers took on Everest, Walker celebrates the indomitability of the human spirit.
A remarkable testament to working class lives and the unifying power of art, Waste Land is a rare thing - a film that makes you proud to be human.
Compelling and vivid, it's another fine piece of work from an up-and-coming talent.
A reminder of humanity's ability to transcend its surroundings through art or just plain optimism.
Walker's documentary is moving, life-affirming and challenges what you think you might know about these people who pick through the rubbish.
I do not mean to make their lives seem easy or pleasant. It is miserable work, even after they grow accustomed to the smell. But it is useful work, and I have been thinking much about the happiness to be found by work that is honest and valuable.
Walker creates indelible documentary portraits of six workers that round out Muniz's very unusual physical portraits. [Not] the usual saccharine shock at poverty.
It shows us how artists find ideas and concepts for their work from the most unlikely sources, and it demonstrates the power of art to spark curiosity and cultural awareness in even the poorest, most underprivileged people.
An entirely immersing documentary, one of those movies whose real value comes in the way it envelops viewers in a world they never knew existed.
A feel-good rarity that descends neither to cuteness nor sentimentality, does not editorialize, either, but lets subject, and subjects, show us what it's all about.
A fascinating film, offering a glimpse of a world we've never seen before ... allowing us to savor the unexpected power in the phrase, 'Recycle yourself.'
It overs a lot of ground, from a huge landfill, to the run-down shacks where the workers live, to the elite world of art auctions where thousands of dollars are paid for works of art featuring garbage and poor workers.
The charismatic Valter seems an ideal subject for Lucy Walter's film, which is equally concerned with showing and seeing.
It makes for a good human interest story.
Comovente, doce, trágico e inspirador.
... Muniz has found the sweet spot of being just original enough to cash in with the moneyed individuals and institutions that constitute the international art market.
While we await the definitive documentary about the glut of garbage, "Waste Land" reduces this global catastrophe to touchingly human scale.
A stunning reminder of the redemptive power of art.
It's sheer pleasure watching Muniz work -- seeing him seized by mad impulses of delight.
"Waste Land" is a testament that things can go from good to bad in an instant. But they can also improve just as quickly.
It's not a very good title, Waste Land - this isn't a bleak film, at all - but just about everything else in Lucy Walker's documentary works, and illuminates.
Waste Land is inspirational without seeming self-righteous, and moving without being hackneyed.
"Waste Land" is a film about recycling, but it's far more intriguing than the average eco-documentary.
"Waste Land" has some things in common with "The Gleaners & I," Agnes Varda's wonderful 2000 nonfiction film about French field workers. But "Waste Land" goes even further.
"Waste Land'' is just what the film's website says it is: "stirring evidence of the transformative power of art and the alchemy of the human spirit.''
Walker combines stirring studies of many of the Jardim Gramacho workers with a documenting of Muniz's project -- large-scale, dignified portraits framed by rephotographed, recyclable garbage.
It's an unexpectedly beautiful film not only because Muniz's work is lovely but also because the film is so thoughtfully composed.
"Waste Land" is a must-see PBS-style Cinderella story with true grit, a brilliant cast and an improbably big heart.
...a surprisingly beautiful film with a strong humanistic slant...a must see documentary for lovers of the genre.
...an eye opening account of human dignity.
Brooklyn artist Vik Muniz helps tell the story of the city at the biggest landfill in the world. But are the right people watching?
That a beautiful film could be set in the world's largest garbage dump sounds like an oxymoron, but acclaimed documentarian Lucy Walker has pulled off precisely that feat in her profoundly moving "Waste Land."
[An] inspiring documentary.
[Muniz's] intention to have them re-create photographic images of themselves out of garbage, while it may not pass muster as high art, has the effect of raising their spirits. At least for a while, their lives, and ours, have been transformed.
Captivating, inspirational and profoundly eye-opening. It's a testament to the true healing power of art.
Rather than issuing a warning blow to either our guts or our hearts, it's something of a soft wakeup nudge aimed somewhere in-between.
This thoroughly involving documentary works on two levels: as a profile of an artist and as an exploration of human waste. And it's so cleverly assembled that it's entertaining and challenging at the same time.
Sentimentality and self-congratulation might have easily tipped the balance against a small but startlingly affecting story.
...a dazzling thing to behold.
Walker's breezy film turns Muniz into a folk hero. And who am I to argue?
Has the potential to not only become the top-earner for New York-based Arthouse Films when it opens Friday at the Angelika Film Center but also one of the year's best-reviewed documentaries.
captures a tapestry of humanity rarely seen
Waste Land travels to an island populated by society's discards, and finds a piece of salvation.
I can't help but want people to see it ... there is some discussion in the film concerning certain ethics of involvement and interference with subjects through art
An astonishing documentary about a daring art project in the world's largest garbage dump in Rio de Janeiro that celebrates the pickers who labor there.
Given that it's about garbage, Lucy Walker's documentary is impressive for having only the faintest whiff of lefty handwringing.
A fascinating look at the complex intersections of art and charity, reality and perception.
Despite Muniz's evident sincerity, the real star of the show is the artist and art -- not the struggles of his subjects. And that story, unlike "Pictures of Garbage" itself, is fairly second-rate.
Lucy Walker is an extraordinarily sensitive and caring filmmaker, and Waste Land is a testimony to the transformational nature of art in people's lives.
The power of "Waste Land" is two-fold since not only is Muniz using art to shed light into a dark corner of the world but so is Walker with her film. Consistently entertaining and thoroughly fascinating.
Finally! Proof that art is garbage, garbage is art.
One of the powers of great portraiture is its ability to make us wonder about the complete strangers captured within enigmatic works of art.
A joy to watch despite the abject poverty it contains.


@highlight

Waste Land begins with an eco-friendly premise, but quickly transforms into an uplifting portrait of the power of art and the dignity of the human spirit.