Told beautifully with a palpable coating of grit, director George Tillman, Jr. and writer Michael Starrbury lead us into the projects in Brooklyn and then slam us to the ground.
While the themes of the film certainly transcend geography and age, the inclusion of multicultural characters further help make the film universal.
The Inevitable Defeat of Mister & Pete simply tries too hard, and its emotional manipulation becomes far too obvious.
Everyone involved here does so much good work that the film's blemishes are easy to overlook.
Directing pitfalls notwithstanding, these young stars deliver such earnest performances that the audience will find it hard not to be moved by their tale.
This is an impressive piece of grass-roots filmmaking.
At its best, the movie is emotionally rapturous, helped along by Brooks's incredible talent. At its worst, while it avoids falling into poverty porn (to my judgment, at least), it runs into a kind of hysteria of putting children in danger.
The expressive performances of the two young protagonists helps to smooth over the rough spots in a script that too often turns sappy and heavy-handed.
Mister and Pete are, as the title goes, inevitably served up defeat at practically every turn, but ultimately it is outweighed by the strength and resilience the pair come to consistently display in the oppressive face of it.
Even more welcome than its unusual story content is its humanistic impulse: It comes from a place of respect for its characters and belief in their dignity; by extension, it offers these same courtesies to its audience.
[Sklyan] Brooks's performance as Mister... the best child performance of 2013.
A wonderful document of inner-city oppression and two young actors' beginning steps, The Inevitable Defeat of Mister and Pete struggles to establish a cohesive center, and ultimately fumbles any tension on the path toward its title's possible fate.
A picture which proves it's hard in the 'hood not only for pimps, but for kids, too.
...might be compared to any number of movies... [but] I've ever seen anything quite like it. Though the script affords plenty of opportunities to default to sentimentality and sweet resolution, the characters seem to resist the easy and usual ways.
Kids fend for themselves in moving but intense urban drama.
This isn't a grim wallow in the depths of poverty. There's hope here and it's earned, not forced.
A gritty, sometimes downright heartwrenching story of two young boys left to fend for themselves for weeks during a boiling-hot summer in a Brooklyn housing project.
Proves to be as awkward as its title thanks to its uneven screenplay and tone, and questionable casting in supporting parts.
There is a bold joy in the film, which can be credited to Mister and Pete, played wonderfully by Skylan Brooks and Ethan Dizon. Their childlike innocence but adult sensitivities gave the flick an undeniable heart.
Pitched fascinatingly, at times uneasily, between misery and uplift, "Mister & Pete" tells the story of an endlessly resourceful child who survives the unimaginable over one long summer.
They may be tiny little kids, but they deliver outsize performances.
"The Inevitable Defeat of Mister & Pete" is a moving bit of mischief and mayhem that will break your heart, give you hope, make you laugh, possibly cry.
Dizon and Brooks are wonderfully natural actors, and their characters' bond becomes like that of brothers, with Mister looking out for Pete, at first grudgingly and ultimately with real affection.
Even with it's flaws, "Mister and Pete" is anything but a defeat.
What day-to-day struggles do kids in need face? George Tillman Jr.'s "The Inevitable Defeat of Mister & Pete" addresses many of them within a self-contained but successful story.
Their defeat may be inevitable, but we're all winners for discovering this small film.
The real heroes of "Mister and Pete" are the terrific performances of the two young actors Brooks and Dizon, who humanize the proposition that dreams delayed need not become dreams defeated.
The film's most powerful moments recast the familiar in a fascinating new light by showing what the world looks like to a boy who has known only hunger.
It sticks to a familiar horrors-of-childhood formula-a continual cycle of hope and betrayal-and tends to wrap up subplots with convenient twists.
Gritty, somewhat compelling, but hampered by inconsistent performances and a confused tone.
Reaches deep into the gloomy depths of ghetto despair, and despite an energetic Alicia Keyes score, fails to completely balance it with the necessary hopefulness.
Skylan Brooks and Ethan Dizon definitely make this tough-cookie movie that much sweeter and easier to digest by their astute, on-the-money performances
The movie can't seem to settle on a consistent style or rhythm but still gets to you, even if it displays the subtlety of a truck going through a wall.
Tillman seems to know that we need to go home feeling hope for Mister and Pete, who, it turns out, aren't so easily defeated.
A drama made palatable by Alicia Keys' energetic score but otherwise stymied when the premise fails to go anywhere.
There very well may not be a more moving, honest film this year.
The Inevitable Defeat of Mister and Pete features arguably the greatest performances from child actors so far this century.

@highlight

The Inevitable Defeat of Mister &amp; Pete uses its compelling streetwise setting -- and powerful performances from its young leads -- to offer a refreshing twist on the coming-of-age formula.