A more seasoned writer would steer clear of false, assembly-line contrivances.
It's just horrible stuff.
It's a personal story that feels like it's been constructed from other movies.
There are nice touches, particularly in Venora's performance and Timothy Kendall's editing, but the film's maudlin edge illustrates the dangers of directing your own material.
It's just a little too simplistic and not a very compelling story.
Though the script and storytelling could have used more polish, Lapica's honesty provides the lasting impression.
Monty Lapica's Self-Medicated is a powerful, personal piece of independent filmmaking
As it stands, the film is more often self-absorbed than self-aware.
Lapica's lack of distance from his story is both the film's strength and its weakness.
Note to fledgling directors: when making a movie, you don't have to do everything yourself. In fact, you probably shouldn't.
Self-Medicated must have been cathartic for writer-director-producer-star Monty Lapica to make, but its therapeutic value for audiences is questionable.
Heartfelt it clearly is. Disciplined and focused on what's truly intriguing about the story, not so much.
On the basis of this film, Monty Lapica, at 24, has a career ahead of him as a director, an actor or both. He also has a life ahead of him, which the film does a great deal to make clear.
The movie slides toward melodrama with some stale business about the hero spreading his late father's ashes and an embarrassing sequence in which a homeless man washes Lapica's car, delivers a benediction, and magically disappears.
It's a precocious performance, although one with melodramatic moments that prevent Lapica from entirely dispelling the specter of vanity self-casting.
Lapica's debut impresses with its strong, clear voice and desire to tell a very personal story not just of substance abuse but of that abuse's painful root cause.
Even when it is inelegant, Self-Medicated is a compelling small-scale drama, and Lapica is a talent to watch.
This is a movie with a disturbing story to tell, but it promises more for the future of its first-time director, writer and star, Monty Lapica, than it really delivers for a viewer. The picture over-punches its message and ultimately grows tiresome.
This is a complicated, three-dimensional woman full of pain, heartbreak, confusion and, most of all, love, Venora painting this portrait of motherly devotion as if she were Picasso reincarnated.
Suffers from one serious flaw, the otherwise talented director's choice of himself to star in the picture. Now 24, he's simply a little long in the tooth to try to pass for a teenager.
Monty Lapica's film about the self-destructive behavior of a 17-year-old suffers from severe dramatic droop.
While it is unfortunate that Monty Lapica had to live through the events portrayed in Self Medicated, it is even more unfortunate that he felt compelled not only to write and direct a film based on those events but to star in it as well.
Self Medicated is that rare treat: a really good movie and, one hopes for Lapica, the start of something even bigger.
Lapica isn't yet enough of a writer or director (or an actor) to make the dramatic arc unpredictable in any way. It may be effective for some as therapy. It is far less so as cinematic storytelling.
So earnest that it drools its messages all over the place, like an intoxicated teenager slurring his words without the presence of mind to think about what he's saying or how.
As director, Lapica labors to affect a kind of stark, airless 'realism,' yet long before Andrew's eleventh-hour encounter with a saintly, homily-spouting homeless man, Self-Medicated reveals itself as a uniquely narcissistic fantasy.
Self-Medicated has won more accolades than Brokeback Mountain, not a single one for its side-splitting dialogue.
If Brightway's main contribution to Lapica's life was to convince him to take up filmmaking, they deserved to be shut down by the government.
Lapica has based the story on his own personal struggle to survive a troubled Vegas adolescence intact, and the skilled assurance and confidence of his first film imparts a seriousness and depth way beyond his years.
A daunting and impressive debut.
First-time writer-director-producer-actor is a fellow to watch. This debut film, which won 40 awards at festivals, is a trenchant, albeit tearjerking, look at a 17-year-old on the road to self-destruction.
[Director] Lapica displays a nice flair behind the camera giving the film a polished leg-up on the usual dry melodrama.
Newcomer Monty Lapica makes an assured debut on both sides of the camera in Self-Medicated, a lightly fictionalized account of his drug-abusing high school years and attempted rehabilitation at a controversial treatment center.
One problem is that these are supposed to be high school students, and not one of them looks under 25. A story isn't a good one just because it's supposed to be true, here's proof.



@highlight

Self-Medicated features some nice performances, but is too sentimental and unfocused to be a truly compelling film.