Dramatically intense and relentlessly grim Israeli drama about the complex relationship between an aging prostitute and her teenage daughter.
Yedaya is respectful and sensitive of everyone in Or's life and creates a beautiful, complex and rich relationship between mother and daughter...
Detail after detail, Yedaya charts the emotional push-pull between daughter and mother and their internal turmoils.
A worthy downer, marred only by a queasy feel of exploitation in the final frames. In Yedaya's world, nobody gets off easy, including the audience.
Her movie is indeed ambitious and her goals admirable. But sometimes it seems more position paper than cinema.
Yedaya's starkly photographed first feature is as much a social statement as a character study.
Its broken heart of gold is in the right place.
A work of exceptional subtlety and is all the more captivating and heart-rending for being so.
Yedaya drowns her characters in realist grit, a colorless screenplay and no score to speak of, rendering this open book of a movie alienating in all the wrong ways.
This movie seems to be meditating on the whys and hows of the spoiling process -- raising more questions than can possibly be answered, and in this sense, at least, far from dogmatic.
Ms. Yedaya may have made a subtler and more interesting film about prostitution than she originally intended.
OR observes a moral and psychological distance form its characters that is maddeningly, heartbreakingly irresolute.
Yedaya's stark, rigorously naturalistic style recalls neorealism, but she tells her sad tale without an ounce of the usual sentimentality.
Even as Or joins an escort service and begins to follow in her mother's footsteps, Yedaya holds out hope that the girl will stop trying to rescue Mom and save herself.
A raw drama from Israeli director Keren Yedaya.
Acted and directed with uncommon psychological realism.
Or (My Treasure), a new Israeli movie, is a film about prostitution, but its models aren't other movies. Instead, the details of its heroine's work have the ugliness of real life.
With a cool head and level gaze, Keren Ye-daya's stark first feature attempts a Bressonian trajectory of tragic inevitability.
[Director/writer Keren] Yedaya offers no facile explanations, which may be frustrating to some, but bluntly thought provoking to others.
A depressing look at life among some working-class women in Israel.
Views the sex trade as an infectious societal disease.
In the Israeli film Or, about a prostitute and her teenage daughter, both clothes and humanity are stripped away with impunity.
Consistently engaging, non-judgmental and cumulatively powerful two-hander marks a noteworthy feature debut for Israeli helmer Keren Yedaya.
A gritty and harrowing Israeli film about the plight of women who are still treated as second-class citizens in a man's world.
Earnest and, for at least its first half, plotless.
When the director fails to conflate the film's sexual unease with larger social issues, Or (My Treasure's sexual paranoia begins to reek of exploitation.


@highlight

Prostitution and its effect on a mother-daughter relationship are told in a naturalistic and nonjudgmental style, building to a powerful conclusion.