It plays like nothing so much as an extended In Living Color stretched to fill 90 minutes, and it feels as thin as it sounds like it should. By the umpteenth variation of mistaking Calvin for a baby the joke has long, long stopped being funny.
In spite of the admirable effort that the Wayans brothers went to in digitally transplanting Marlon Wayans head and facial expressions onto the two-foot-six-inch body of a nine-year-old actor, "Little Man" is a bawdy and violent comedy that rankles more t
The work of the Wayans brothers, Little Man is even less funny than their last comedy, White Chicks, and enough to get them permanently evicted from the house of mirth.
A slap-happy misadventure featuring Marlon Wayans as a foul-mouthed midget masquerading as a baby in order to retrieve a pilfered diamond from a childless couple.
Slathers itself in scatology, crotch-punching, hilarious elder/child abuse, and a brutal ration of unearned sentiment.
There are some films that are hardly worth the trouble of watching: once you've got the central concept, you can pretty much run the movie in your head.
Mere words, mere permutations of 26 paltry letters, are an inadequate resource for explaining how fatuous, unfunny, and profoundly un-entertaining it is to watch Marlon Wayans doing a goo-goo-ga fake-baby routine.
Slow-moving, tasteless and totally devoid of ingenuity or charisma, this is a gross one-joke monstrosity - and that joke wasn't very funny in the first place.
The Wayans filmmaking clan strikes with another idiotic compilation of bodily-function gags and lowbrow obnoxiousness masquerading as hip comedy.
Abysmal comedy that's nonsensical, frequently offensive and almost entirely laugh-free.
It's a concept, not a movie.
If your taste runs to scatology and you find little people inherently funny, Little Man may be the movie for you.
Could you really have expected better from the people who made "White Chicks"?
[The Wayanses] collaborate on another forgettable farce drenched in vapid vulgarity...[a] pea-brained prank. Anyone game for White Chicks II?
I understand the satirical import of the race gags. But 97% of the movie will make you need a shower. Possibly two.
Tedious, snickering jokes about infant breast-feeding and adult-male boob lust? You got 'em, baby.
I'm not saying an R rating would have necessarily made Little Man a better movie, but at least it would have made it a more honest one.
I honestly cannot think of anything worse that has been made in between the time the Lumiere Brothers photographed a train pulling into a station in 1895 and today.
I'm sure it's fun to be a multi-millionaire, but whatever creativity and dignity Ivory Wayans had to offer the world in his youth is lost for good in Little Man to a series of crotch wallops and fart jokes.
There's a degree of social comedy in White Chicks' black cops posing as wax mannequin exaggerations of the Hilton sisters. Nothing much is gained when delinquent midgets see what it's like to live as babies.
A fitful, effects-driven and remarkably unambitious summer release about a midget jewel thief masquerading as a baby.
When a movie that you expected so little from delivers even less, you know it's bad,
violent, silly and just about as raunchy as it can be while still maintaining its PG-13 rating.
I remember when the Wayanses were a group of people with ambitions who looked as if they actually had something to contribute to the film world as well as the comedy world.
(Y)ou'd have to be brain dead to defend such illogical plotting, one dimensional characterization and aimless middle act meandering supposedly passing itself off as humor.
This feature-length rewrite of a 1954 Bugs Bunny cartoon stages its expected comic humiliations, ridiculous sight gags and gruesome sex and potty jokes with unfussy efficiency.
The three stooges LIVE!!!
We went to this movie to laugh. Instead, we left yearning for a baby to cuddle. Ew.
The film turns to that old reliable standard, commedia dell'gassy.
It's a crass, exaggerated, intermittently intriguing gimmick concept of visual effects that wears thin very quickly.
Little Man is so childish and absurd that there should probably be a law against seeing it. The penalty: seeing it again.
The Wayanses rely on their usual tired jokes here -- spittakes, white people speaking jive, Marlon grimacing in gastrointestinal distress.
The use of digital effects to place Wayans' face on a child performer's body isn't even remotely amusing. It's simply creepy.
The sizable laughs in Little Man make it better than just about anyone expected.
There's nothing like a well-placed nod to the classics to help elevate a dumb summer comedy.
The Wayans Brothers' homage to Bugs Bunny cartoon character Baby Face Finster isn't for most people with a brain. But for those who like this sort of thing -- sexual and bathroom humour and plenty of slapstick -- they'll like this.
I fear for humanity.
Mr. Palminteri's primary duties include glowering at henchmen Bruno and Roscoe, saying 'get me that diamond' a few times and, ultimately, taking a toy airplane to the crotch.
If seeing a guy get whacked in the privates doesn't make you laugh the first time, maybe it will the fourth, or the 24th time.
Marlon's no-limits performance, relying only on his voice and facial expressions, proves to be the film's strongest asset.
Well, it was bound to happen: The Wayans brothers have made a movie that's even more two-dimensional than a cartoon.
Shawn's Darryl comes off as terminally stupid, enduring many blows to the groin (there's even a montage of them) while lavishing affection on his dubious 'son.'
Every gross baby joke imaginable is wedged into the story -- with mishaps involving diapers, breast milk, castor oil and rectal thermometers. It's supposed to be hilarious because the infant is actually a grown man. Really, it's just creepy.
[Little Man] gets a surprising share of laughs by digitally placing Marlon Wayans' head on a small boy's frame.
Some folks reach for nirvana, but the Wayans Brothers -- writer/director Keenen Ivory, writer/star Marlon, and writer/star Shawn -- aim for the nadir, and man oh man, have they reached it.
Most of the jokes fall in one of two creepy categories -- slapstick having to do with the baby's superhuman strength or slapstick involving the baby's sex drive.
Buried under all this is a rather sweet story about families, but it's hard to see it amongst all the tastelessness.
Unless you're of the temperament that derives boundless pleasure from the serial assault on the genitals of large people by a cut-and-paste little person, Little Man will likely prove about as bearable as diaper rash.
As I said, orifices and their products, and that's about it.
It took a century of innovation in the field of cinematic special effects, but finally the head of Marlon Wayans could be successfully grafted onto the body of a baby.
Everybody looks like they're having fun in Little Man, another inane outing from the Wayans brothers. And with some ineptly made comedies, that's good enough.
The only funny part of Little Man is the shoddy computer effects that freakishly and unconvincingly put Marlon Wayans' head on a tiny body.
In short, Little Man is not only height-challenged, it's comedically-challenged as well.
The simple fact is that rape, no matter what the context, is not funny, and the fact this movie so blithely plays the moment off as another politically incorrect stepping stone isn't just wrong it's downright offensive.
The best film I've ever seen with a full grown man masquerading as a baby...hmmm.
Little Man, featuring an adult little person posing as a toddler to steal a huge diamond, spits up a few lowbrow belly laughs. But not enough to go 'goo-goo, gaga' over.
The latest Wayans brothers head-scratcher, reaches the bar their last film set. Take that as a searing insult.
The cheapness here is pervasive, in that the "moral" -- it's good to be and have a dad -- turns insipid as the movie hammers it home, again and again.
the sort of idiotic project the Wayanses would have taken aim at on 'In Living Color' 15 years ago. That they are now peddling this puerile junk instead of ridiculing it is no laughing matter.
Little Man is easily the creepiest movie I've seen in my life.
This film is awful in too many ways to count.
The Wayans family's latest dim-witted fart comedy is even worse than its last one
Orthodontic surgery would be more fun than watching this
when I went to see Little Man, I laughed, then hung my head in shame. Are they going to take away my movie critic license? Will all of the other critics find out and ridicule me? Will they let me play in their movie critic games?
Some verbal jokes simply don't work, and Darryl's persistent I-wanna-be-a-daddy musings are more insipid than inspiring. But some of the physical comedy scores.
Give the Wayans brothers some credit. For a movie that could have fallen flat on its infantile face, Man scores some points for thinking big.
A belligerent midget jewel thief assaults groins and molests women in this infantile comedy from the Wayans brothers.
The slapstick is funnier for the nifty CGI, and the script gets in some sly digs at racist cops and multitasking soccer moms.
[The film features] nonstop slapstick, potty jokes, and sexual gags.
Thanks to the wonder of digital technology, Marlon's head was spliced onto the body of a dwarf actor, thus accomplishing what certainly will go down in history as one of the more profound cinematic achievements of our time.
The brothers' work on the Scary Movie franchise notwithstanding, Little Man may just be their scariest movie yet, with credit going entirely to its mesmerizingly freaky title character.
Little man, little effort, little result.
Although you'll likely hate yourself in the morning for having succumbed to the sophomore silliness of it all, at the time resistance proves ridiculously futile.
Thumbs aren't the only things sucking in this slight summer comedy with a tortured plot and predictable laughs.
Little Man is a comedy based on a single gag that's not very funny. Therefore, it's exactly one joke short of being a one-joke film.
Viewers who seek out this film will get just what they deserve and exactly what they want. Crass as it is, Little Man will have a special place in the right sort of heart.
Its sheer shameless juvenilia ranges from horribly unfunny to outrageously zany.
Another gimmicky one-joke comedy from the Wayans brothers that may not use as much makeup as White Chicks but lots more special effects and is even more dreadful.
At least in spurts, Little Man provides some big laughs.
Oscars will not be forthcoming, but the Wayanses have hit on a formula -- gross-out humor, goofy sight gags, a flashy concept -- that works.
The Wayans brothers are funny guys. But this is the kind of premise that should have stayed in cartoon-land.
[Little Man] quickly runs dry of ideas.
All the adults are complete idiots, of course, because no one seems to notice or care about how freakish baby Calvin is - the fact that he has a full set of teeth, for example -- not even the doctor who examines him.
The effect works better than you might guess, though it's still an ugly, artless movie.
An outlandishly crude farce that crossbreeds Chuck Jones's classic Baby Bugs Bunny with In Living Color's absurd "The Head Detective" to dismally predictable results.
In the search for gags involving inappropriate contact between adults and a supposed child, the film doesn't overlook an orifice or an excretion.
It's unfathomably awful... and nothing the actors or filmmakers do assist in its digestion.





@highlight

Another gimmicky comedy from the Wayans brothers, Little Man comes with the requisite raunchiness, but forgot to bring the laughs.