What makes the movie so compelling is its revelations of what it cost them to get there.
Meru is a picture that appeals to novices and masters of the sport alike, a harrowing look at the dangers, motivations, stakes and spirituality involved in the craft of climbing.
The feature length documentary Meru is WOW jaw-droppingly heartbreaking and compelling because it is as truthful as it is beautiful.
John Long, a brilliant climbing-literature author of Anker's generation, explains the addiction of extreme alpinism as going to a place where you know you're already dead.
Part awe-inspiring nature documentary, part personal reflective journey, Meru gives equal weight to both of these sides of the coin.
A film about a climb more daredevilish than Philippe Petit's tightrope walk. Brilliantly filmed by the climbers who are as good at cinema as in climbing up the face of a mountain.
Likely to appeal to the extreme sports market and leave the rest of us stranded.
As a spectacle, it offers a vertiginous, first person view of events, but it's equally immersive as candid psycho-drama of survival.
While many of the climbing sequences have a sense of thrill to them, the film as a whole just lacks a narrative oomph to make it anything more than a good film...
This documentary has it all -- high adventure and accessible emotions of these rare people who challenge one of the toughest mountain routes in the world. It is an adventure, and it is inspiring.
There's something cool about daredevils who are not afraid to defy death
'Because it is there' doc chronicling a trio of intrepid mountain climbers death-defying assault on one of the world's most perilous peaks.
Watching these three men fight for every foot of altitude is far more exhausting than seeing a superhero defy gravity - and far more inspiring.
It's the kind of story that you couldn't make up, and the film is by turns surprising and heart-pounding.
Enough gut-wrenching action sequences and stunningly beautiful vistas to thrill theater-seat adventurers and hardcore extreme-sports addicts alike.
Good looking, sometimes incredibly tense mountain climbing documentary with effective use of biographical material.
...disappointing for a film that seems to want to be more than the chronicle of three bros on a mountain but doesn't know how to get there.
Are these guys nuts? Are their egos needy of self-affirmation? Or is there some higher purpose in such inexplicable endeavors? Do some people just have a genetic need to live on the edge?
Vivid but strangely uninvolving.
It doesn't add anything new to the extreme-sports subgenre, but it does show that for the athletes who pursue them, there are always new, more impossible challenges to face.
Ultra-riveting documentary Meru will leave you spinning and sweating.
In the end, "Meru" is a flawed but deeply riveting account of what happens when men walk right up to the edge of madness.
Much as we value artistic distance, it's not like Chin could strap Werner Herzog to his back on his ascent to the heavens.
Self-examination of his dangerous vocation fails to move much beyond Mallory's famous quotation: "Because it's there."
Terror: give it a new name, call it Meru. Instead of don't look in the basement, do... not... look... down... Jimmy Chin and E. Chai Vasarhelyi's documentary is achingly beautiful, eye-widening...
We likely learn more about [the mountain] than we do the human beings trying to climb it...
It's best appreciated on a theater screen, although people afraid of heights may want to sit near the back. Thank goodness it wasn't shot in 3-D.
The film's combination of post-climb interviews and real-time footage provides the moviegoer with a unique perspective of these men. In a mere 90 minutes, we get to know them on a strangely personal level that other documentaries rarely achieve.
A triumph of editing and narrative beyond "Are you kidding me?" visuals, Meru is a climbing story with context; biographies are woven in incrementally.
'Meru' is a film filled with amazement and wonder as it displays the grandeur of nature, as well as the deadly forces it can unleash in an instant
What drives these men? "Because it's there" merely scratches the surface. "Meru" may not answer the question completely - likely nothing can - but it is a thrilling, harrowing attempt.
Chin and Ozturk capture both the astonishing views from the top of the world and soul-searching moments inside a cramped tent dangling from the side of the mountain like a used tea bag.
The footage is astonishing, the cold and wind practically jumping from the screen and down your neck.
Meru doesn't explain the climbers. It lets us get to know them a little, while presenting their gripping (sue me -- it's the appropriate word) adventures.
This frequently breathtaking documentary about daredevil mountain climbers ascends into the sky while also managing to remain grounded.
A documentary combining some of the most eye-popping nature photography in years with a compelling human story at its core.
Ozturk's cinematography is often spectacular, capturing breathtaking moments of snowy eloquence, and intimate ones of climbers performing tasks while dangling aside a mountain or from other places unthinkable for most of us.
This is one of the most outstanding documentaries of the year.
Pushing yourself to the extreme is what Meru is all about.
Spectacular: a peak experience...
You know a documentary is working when you see its subjects talking about events that have already happened, yet you're still anxiously wondering if they'll make it out alive.
Awe-inspiring, terrifying, vertiginous. The best mountain-climbing film since since Touching the Void.
The stories of survival and resilience border on the superhuman and impress, as does the lucid cinematography.
Practitioners of climbing--and enthusiasts who prefer to experience such extreme activity from the comfort of their armchairs--will find this film a treat.
Filmed with such grandeur and intimacy that sometimes attempting to figure out how they made the incredible shots almost spoils them.
The most dramatic footage isn't as much the view as the men themselves and their challenges. This a tough climb, all right.
The photography is of course lovely (if you make an un-lovely documentary about climbing, you're doing it wrong).
The movie is a packed 90 minutes and the familiar critical superlatives don't capture it. Just go to Meru. The movie, I mean, not the climb. It's a peak experience.
The good parts are really good, and what emerges is a clear-eyed portrait of men driven to achieve, and achieve together.
Like many mountaineering films, this one sports extraordinary cinematography, but it is the personal nature of it that makes it so appealing and insightful.
Designed to stop the breath and speed up the heart.
The movie leaves you with the impression that the Anker expedition would be the first to reach the peak. This is incorrect.
"Meru" can evoke a sense of claustrophobia (and other fears) in the viewer. But just as often it gives rise to awe, wonder and amazement at what man, when he puts his mind to it, is capable of.
Riveting, breathtaking and inspirational. It joins To the Limit and Touching the Void as another essential mountain climbing doc that's a must-see on the big screen.
A must see for climbing buffs and anyone fascinated by the strength and resilience of the human body and spirit.
A bit too much time is spent in admiration and hero worship over the indefatigable will of these men, when it is the footage on that mountainside that matters.
Though the "Meru" climbing and outdoor footage is spectacular, it is the personal struggle of each of the climbers, and the candid way they talk about them on camera, that give this film its considerable impact.
The personal perspective and breathtaking immediacy of the climbers' daily challenges pull an audience in.
Thankfully free of the usual triumph-of-the-will score, "Meru" is an ultrasmooth blend of conventional documentary techniques - the talking-head interview; the back-in-the-day photograph - and uncommon ambition.
It's not only sounds and visuals that raise this documentary above the pack. There is as well, arguably even more important, a drama that Topsy-like just growed.
In lieu of Oscar-grabby performances, there are climbers talking, raw and intense, about the tragedies they've weathered on their way to accomplishing something no one else has.
Whether or not mountain-climbing documentaries are your thing, "Meru" is likely to draw you in. It's as much about trust, personal goals and human bonding as battling the elements at their fiercest.
How one responds to Meru will largely depend on whether its three subjects come across as heroically courageous or suicidally reckless.
Without undue chest-beating, Meru celebrates the arduous teamwork necessary to top a 21,000-foot peak, but it never lets you forget the burden placed on those waiting for their loved ones to return -- or not -- back home.
Its expositional crutch proves most inadequate when the team ascends the final pitch to the top after years of preparation in no more than a minute of screen time.
Perhaps best suited for those already invested in the mountaineering world, "Meru" still translates to all audiences, highlighting nerves of steel and impressive determination.
Anyone who's climbed will understand exactly what's at stake throughout Meru. But viewers who know nothing about mountaineering will still find an enthralling story.
There's steady, scary thrill in the final third of Meru, the latest attempt to conquer the climb-and-tweak-the-nose-of-God mountaineering documentary, a genre that has yet to reach its apex.
One of the best docs of a very strong year for the genre.
Mountain climbing the evokes moments of exhilaration.
Meru is an engaging and cumulatively exhilarating debut from wife-and-husband team Elizabeth Chai Vasarhelyi and Jimmy Chin.
The reason to watch, and to watch on as big a screen as possible, is the footage of the breathtaking climbing action.
Harrowing and ultimately moving.

@highlight

Gripping visually as well as narratively, Meru is the rare documentary that proves thought-provoking while offering thrilling wide-screen vistas.