[Nick] Kroll at least shows he can stay afloat as a comedy's lead actor; now he just needs to take the plunge and be funny, as well.
Adult Beginners is so middle of the road it's hard to pick on it. It's proficient enough to avoid scathing criticism, but it's not good enough to inspire passion.
Not surprisingly for a Duplass-brothers production, Adult Beginners gets its freshest juice out of low-boiled intra-sibling strife
There are worse comedies than Adult Beginners, but only so many that are less funny.
Adult Beginners is watchable as extra credit for students of the genre; otherwise, it's not compulsory.
Both an enjoyably modest comedy/drama and a bit of a sales pitch for Nick Kroll, Movie Star.
You've probably already seen every situation writers Jeff Cox and Liz Flahive utilize this month alone and yet it still somehow works.
It's not as sharp or witty as you'd expect from a Duplass Brothers product ion but Adult Beginners is still another decent outing in their ever-impressive canon.
It's a story we've seen a few dozen times before, but first-time director Katz tells it with a nice focus on character.
Kroll's basic task here is fairly lazy and certainly unoriginal.
Kroll is too limited with what he can do with the personality he either has or creates for the film. (I'll go with the former). Twenty lashes with film stock and back to TV for him.
So mild it's actually abrasive.
Ross Katz, directing his first comedy, brings out the actors' best, but the performances still won't mesh.
has all the trappings of a generic indie coming-home heart-warmer, but one of the best things I can say about it is that it manages to sidestep or at least complicate most of its clichés
More well-meaning than your everyday multiplex paycheck grab, but in other ways not much less cynical.
A satisfying enough slice of semi-content suburban life ...
Adult Beginners is a darkly funny indie film about family and second chances.
It's a well-worn story that doesn't add much new, and worst of all, it forgot to be funny.
Adult Beginners has no agenda for subtlety.
Despite familiar narrative territory, the film has some big laughs and manages some authentic character dynamics.
Decent messages in tepid indie dramedy; language, drug use.
An indie comedy that gets by on the charm of its actors -- Nick Kroll, Rose Byrne and Bobby Canavale -- while asking nothing of its audience and doing nothing more than providing a pleasant 90-minute extension of Kroll's brand into movies.
A disappointingly familiar, albeit congenial, comedy.
"Adult Beginners" is one of those agreeable small-scale movies that doesn't seem particularly ambitious; its only goal is to charm, and it does so, irresistibly.
An extended sitcom with surprisingly little comic bite...just floats along on a current of bland affability.
"Adult Beginners" doesn't reinvent the comeuppance comedy, and it's a better movie because of it.
"Adult Beginners" has enough going on to work as a mostly unchallenging time-passer, and nothing more.
This film finds itself in an unfortunate spot in its involuntary thematic and release-date proximity to [The Skeleton Twins].
In other words, we're getting a nice, well-written, solid movie about people we believe would actually exist in real life.
...with as many successes that Adult Beginners has-and they have plenty-there are a number of small flaws that hold it back.
It's a sitcom setup that husband-and-wife screenwriters Jeff Cox and Liz Flahive manage to (almost) cover with a fresh coat of funny and touching.
has the misfortune of being an awful lot like last year's Sundance hit "The Skeleton Twins" without nearly as many laughs.
If you're a big booster of any of the lead actors (I'm something of a Cannavale partisan myself), this will be worth your time.
Some movies deserve to be treasured, and 'Adult Beginners' is high on my list.
Every time it steps outside of its comfort zone to address more sophisticated feelings concerning maturation and grief, it loses its personality, resembling any other effort that takes on the pressures of man-child development.
The kind of comedy that goes down easy even as it looks at the hard stuff.
New ideas, people. Not asking too much here.
The director Ross Katz, making his feature directing debut, does occasionally move the camera around, but for the most part he just points and shoots his performers talking, joking, whining, sharing and caring.
The relative success or failure of "Adult Beginners," directed with a steady, nonjudgmental hand by Ross Katz, depends on how funny you find Kroll. I find him funny-ish.
Fittingly, the film has an adult beginning before slowly sinking into infantile platitudes.
It's all very low stakes. We know how this is going to turn out. But it is a pleasure watching Kroll and Byrne to the end.
A slightly sourish cocktail of bad behavior, wry observation, and commentary on how difficult modern life can be, especially for characters who feel entitled to a better one.
Yet in the end, Adult Beginners is sort of a mumblecore Jerry Maguire, albeit without the crowd-pleasing catchphrases and mega-watt star power.
The not-funny-enough dialogue can't mask writer Kroll's unoriginal plot. Still, he can smirk with the best of them.
Adult Beginners begins with a promise of lifelike spontaneity before it succumbs to rotely written domestic clichés: old wounds that must be healed, timely epiphanies and grossly personal affronts dismissed way too lightly.
The early scenes are acidly funny... By the end, though, this has turned into a Tim Allen movie.
It's harmless and mild and likable, but it's also a toothless comedy that should have had some bite.
Like last year's equally promising The Skeleton Twins, it soars whenever it sticks to persuasively lived-in sibling banter (Rose Byrne is sharp as ever).
It glides along the surface where conversations that include the question "Are you really happy?" pass for bonding.
Adult Beginners has a lot of missteps and it doesn't seem to know where it's going. For me, it's going in the "never watching again" pile.
Given its played-out subject matter and hoary coming-to-terms narrative arc, one's ability to enjoy the film hangs on a tolerance for the ever-popular on-screen man-child.
Neither dramatic enough to qualify as drama nor amusing enough to completely succeed as comedy, it's the kind of movie that coasts on pleasantness, content to elicit a few smiles before disappearing from memory banks.
If men-children like Jake don't outgrow telling their stories, their crib will feel like an artistic prison.
There's never any doubt on the audience's part to rival that felt by the characters in their own lives.
The cozy look at sibling relationships will remind many of last year's The Skeleton Twins, which like this was produced by the Duplass Brothers.
The pleasant but forgettable "Adult Beginners" strains a bit too hard for a happy ending, and tends to lay on the schmaltz and metaphors (like the swim class that gives the film its title) with a trowel.
Married-in-real-life screenwriters Liz Flahive and Jeff Cox can do poignant (not tossing family memorabilia) and clever (connecting Skype, hairspray, and stepparents), though the humor is intermittent.
An exhausting, predictable bit of tear-jerker fluff with a handful of decent scenes. It's the type of film people who don't take film seriously think is really edgy.
This comedy-drama never puts a foot wrong. And yet, its stakes are so low, its setup so familiar, that the film's generally effortless flow starts to become a hindrance.
Perhaps it could have benefited from a little more of the comedic energy and subversive spirit that Bryne, Kroll and Cannavale have all proved more than capable of in previous roles.
Another indie comedy seemingly inspired by Robert Frost's verse from "The Death of the Hired Man" about how "home is the place where, when you go there, they have to take you in," "Adult Beginners" has everything going for it aside from a reason to exist.
The blandness of Adult Beginners' characters and story makes it feel much longer than its 90 minutes.
Amusing, here and there, but entirely too predictable -- especially in casting Kroll as a classic Nick Kroll Summer's Eve sort of character.
Likable but slight.
Kroll and Byrne find a palpable sense of care for one another. It helps that Kroll can use his face as well as any actor to draw laughs from the audience, and Byrne can illicit empathy and compassion with her gentle, plaintive eyes.
A movie worth checking out for the performances, but certainly not for anything else, unfortunately.
Warm, believable performances by this ensemble.
A wonderfully cast dramedy about brothers and sisters, growing up, and taking responsibility.
Adult Beginners feels more like a baby-step in figuring out how [Nick] Kroll will transition to film star, but the potential is certainly there.
Every arc and every twist is predictable from the get-go and the stakes are pretty low given the circumstances. But, there's something truly cozy about this picture. It's comfort food.
Adult Beginners benefits from a strong cast that showcases Nick Kroll's ability to blend cynicism and drama, despite working with a story that only offers a few new insights.
An affable (for the most part) little comedy...
Rose Byrne and Nick Kroll play a sibling duo navigating their shared and respective crises in this warmly appealing dramedy.
It's not perfect, but as far as feature debuts go, there's very little you can fault "Adult Beginners" for. Slightly pedantic and maudlin at times, with telegraphed metaphors and rushed pacing, it's still hard to call any of these hiccups major flaws.

@highlight

Perfectly pleasant yet never particularly engaging, Adult Beginners is a mild middle-of-the-road comedy content to coast on the charms of its talented cast.