Just as in sitcoms, every conflict and resolution often takes place here within the very same scene.
The Back-Up Plan has all of the cliches of a bad rom com, but it's not enough to fall into that formula. It also tries to be a raunch fest
Has an intriguing concept, but with tired jokes, dumb characters and uninspired direction, the execution is botched all around making for a perfect example of all that's bad with the romantic comedy genre.
Alan Poul's "The Back-Up Plan" is another film in a long line of films that are formulaic to the bone, containing little to no originality, all while following around characters that we could care less about.
Yes, you will get to see Lopez eat chili with her bare hands, but that's only half as disgusting as a close-up on a pregnancy test sinking into a pile of fresh dog vomit.
Nothing to see for anyone who's already viewed their fair share of formulaic romantic comedies.
...comes off as an almost prototypical example of a modern romantic comedy...
This movie feels just like J-Lo's 'Back-Up Plan'.
J-Lo je uspjena vlasnica trgovine koja se zakoračivi u 30-e mora suočiti s nimalo ugodnom spoznajom da nije pronala "Gospodina Pravog"
J.Lo romcom bursts with frank pregnancy, sex talk.
full review at Movies for the Masses
Even though it's both silly and sappy, it has a vaguely realistic tone that lets us identify with the characters
The Back Up Plan is predictable, cliched and incredibly unbelievable. But that is part of its appeal.
Saunters along as if all concerned had decided that imagination and flair were either unnecessary or impossible.
Jennifer Lopez is famous for one reason only. And odds are, that's where she found the script for The Back-up Plan.
It seems to have been filmed and hermetically sealed yearsago and only now, belatedly found on a shelf and trotted out.
The cast is fine but the film is strident and bland. Having an Audrey Hepburn DVD on standby might be the best back-up plan.
The Back-up Plan is nothing if not a terrible movie.
It's nice to have Jennifer Lopez back on the big screen - delivering the lines and handling the slapstick with ease. Here's hoping she has a hit on her hands and doesn't need a back-up plan.
A romcom that can't be called "formulaic" without insulting formulas everywhere.
Jennifer Lopez has never looked better or acted worse than in The Back-Up plan, a formulaic chick flick that conveys a deep distrust, if not downright hatred, of child-bearing women.
It's not a movie -- it's a piece of product.
To be forgotten forever.
The are many things that I don't want to come back, such as the Black Death, volcanic dust clouds and J-Lo rom-coms.
Lopez deserves better than this excruciating material. In fact, all actors do.
Sporadically amusing but rarely inspired.
It's a film that raises the larger question of why we're seeing vehicles for high profile female stars, written by women, that nevertheless manage to be intensely patronising towards women.
If this is a comeback, let's hope J-Lo's got something else up her sleeve.
This romcom is as predictable and contrived as they come, especially when they have to break-up before inevitably getting back together for the happy ending. But it's also funny and sweet, with some amusing lines.
In the end not even a good comeback performance from Lopez can make this anything more than a forgettable date movie.
As witty as Gigli, as Shakespearean as The Wedding Planner, this limp rom-com bumps from one piece of comic furniture to another.
If you can get over the impossibly glamorous lifestyle of the immaculately groomed Zoe and the pumped-up pecs of the good guy goat farmer then Will & Grace screenwriter Kate Angelo's script will strike a few chords.
Disappointing romcom that has an original premise and some nice ideas but ultimately drowns them out with poor writing, irritating support characters, an overdose of sentimentality and a string of painfully unfunny gags.
"The Back-Up Plan" is a stupid, unfunny, gross and annoying film. Let's just get that out of the way right now.
There are a few things you should expect a slight romantic comedy to deliver, and "The Back-Up Plan" delivers every one of them.
Back-Up Needs a Better Plan.
Want to see lots of barf scenes? How about tons of references to genitalia? What about several poop-focused jokes?
The Back-Up Plan represents a major comeback for Jennifer Lopez. Unfortunately, she's come back to making crap.
This isn't a motion picture so much as it's a new form of Chinese water torture.
Even J-Lo's much-ballyhooed caboose can't elevate this hackneyed eyesore
Food and bodily fluid jokes abound, so many in fact it becomes impossible to keep track of them all, and about half way through the film I was so fed up by the majority of them I was just about ready to call it a day and head on home.
Here is yet another example of a genre where there are so many examples of how to do it right that it's amazing how they keep getting it wrong.
CBS Films had a love child with the Lifetime Network. The spawn of that conjugal nightmare is crawling across movie screens, leaving a trail of mediocrity in its wake.
As a pregnant single woman, Jennifer Lopez glows spectacularly. Director Alan Poul's bland baby comedy, however, appears to have been a light labor.
Why call it a movie when it's really more of an extended, cutesy TV episode that ought to come with a laugh track and a vibrator?
Jennifer is beautiful but the movie is too cutesy and predictable
Not the best romantic comedy, but as an expectant mother it's humor engaged me!
She's 40 years old going on 8... He's... preposterously perfect... Together, they are the least suspenseful rom-com couple in ages, perhaps ever...
The premise was novel enough that I found it sweet and charming.
I started checking the time 10 minutes into the movie and, again, about every five minutes thereafter. It did not help make the time go by any faster.
It's fortunate that Jennifer Lopez has her own back-up plan as a pop singer because her taste in romantic comedies reeks of formulaic and stale.
Playground Dad is one of those best friends that rom-com leads tend to have, except that he doesn't have a name or even much of a friendship with this film's bland and beleaguered lead.
It is nice to have Lopez back in a romantic comedy and for the most part it is an acceptable vehicle for her.
Lopez's approach to acting out this character is to do nothing that might distract the audience from her exquisite hair, make-up, wardrobe, and lighting, even while scarfing stew with half a loaf of bread
The characters are paper-thin and their journey together is entirely routine and totally predictable.
'At this point the only guy who wants to approach your hoo-haa is one wearing rubber gloves with antiseptic tongs,' said Robert Klein.
Emmy-winning director Alan Poul keeps the action moving and the mood upbeat as cleavages blossom, dresses seem to shrink and insecurities grow. Ideal for a girls' night out, this enjoyable frolic is upbeat and funny with an edgy undertone that gives it ba
Ten minutes into this disaster and anyone unfortunate enough to attend will be making back-up plans of their own.
Almost everything is bland pregnancy humor that's been done to death in other films. I don't know why this movie exists.
Although this romantic comedy suffers from predictability and includes a couple of crude scenes, it's also quite heartwarming and amusing.
J-Lo's worst outing since Gigli!
The Back-Up Plan saves itself - and us - by abandoning its farcical gimmick mid-film.
A ditzy reproductive romance pitting maternal instincts against mutual relationship phobia. Plus a leading man who still does homework, a first trimester package deal infatuation, and puppy love for a two legged canine named Nutsy.
The film has a really hateful view of single moms. My God, I just want to tell all the single moms out there that I don't believe this movie and I do respect you.
The movie puts a nice spin on things happening backwards. The movie is breezily paced, tightly edited and effectively makes use of the Manhattan exteriors.
[Lopez] has no flair for physical comedy, no chemistry with O'Loughlin, and no clue that she needs to sacrifice her glamour for the sake of comedy.
Does it require a dirty mind or just a grasp of the obvious to suspect that the title of 'The Back-up Plan' was contrived to remind moviegoers of Jennifer Lopez's most publicized asset? (As Juvenile might say, 'Back that azzet up.')
If this is the best script [Lopez] saw during her hiatus, she should have waited longer.
If only the imaginations behind The Back-up Plan were as fertile as its heroine.
On the whole, Jennifer Lopez has had some semi-successful romantic comedies given today's low standards, but going with a first time feature writer, director and leading man stretches her appeal too far.
Lopez does a fine job mortifying herself in pursuit of physical humor.
It's no big surprise that Lopez can still get laughs; she has a relaxed way with the camera that has mellowed and ripened over the years.
...the worst film to come out of Hollywood so far this year.
As far as entertainment goes, this is the pits, less a movie than a star-studded, big-screen screensaver.
To prep for The Back-up Plan, shed all notions of how grown-ups behave in the real world.
My only thought was to feel bad for the children being born into the world of these stupid characters.
Someone involved in the making of The Back-Up Plan, a not very good and yet painless waste of time, has certainly thought through some life and love questions.
Why even bother?
Although it's formulaic in the extreme, The Back-up Plan is an easygoing romantic comedy treat for fans of Jennifer Lopez.
At the risk of sexist condescension, I'd say that being a woman -- or a woman of a certain kind, anyway -- is a crucial prerequisite for enjoying this film.
It's clear within minutes where it's all going: right into the bare-chested embrace of the World's Perfect Man.
Zoe's Back-up Plan is as ill conceived as the film itself.
A disastrous cinematic vehicle that goes so wrong in so many ways it ranks alongside 2009's Sandra Bullock-starring All About Steve in the annals of recent A-list blunders within the genre.
Excruciating stuff.
The Back-Up Plan's blunt honesty about the messiness of pregnancy is refreshing. It's a shame that the movie couldn't find a similarly refreshing way to tell its uninspired love story.
Lopez, appearing in her first rom-com since Monster-in-Law five years ago, is still a likable screen presence who throws herself into the movie's slapstick sequences with unwarranted enthusiasm.
The movie they should show the condemned while they ride the ferry crossing the river Styx.
Come back, "Gigli"--most everything is forgiven.
It shows us Jenny from the Block is still flawlessly beautiful, while proving the theory that Hollywood is working on its last and only idea in the romantic-comedy genre.
Lopez works visibly hard to keep things light, while O'Loughlin's flat performance suggests that he's either deeply uncomfortable or just struggling to hide his Australian accent.
No matter how many times director Alan Poul tries lighting the fire, nothing ignites.
Painful, unfunny, predictable, cliche, formulaic. When is Hollywood going to stop releasing unoriginal material like this?
It's a sitcommy, contrived romantic comedy, but most romcoms are contrived, and this one's fairly clever.
A weak leading man, an overly manipulative script and a tired retread of the motherhood genre reduce the movie to a late-night Lifetime TV rerun waiting to happen.
I wouldn't go so far as to recommend this movie, but if you were tied down and forced to watch it, you wouldn't necessarily have to chew off your own leg to get away.
I would rather carry a child to term, be in labor for countless hours and deliver an 11-pound baby without an epidural than have to sit through that mess again.
The premise alone might induce vomiting.
The tick-tock of the biological clock might be a real enough subject, but actual parturition is the grossest thing this movie can imagine, except when Lopez herself gets round to it.
The Back-Up Plan is either someone's idea of a joke or simply what passes for mainstream romantic comedy these days. I'm afraid it's the latter.
The Back-up Plan feels like a movie aimed right at the funny bones of four-year-olds.
At every turn, the movie takes the safest, most generic, most heavily trafficked path, as if determined to avoid standing out in any way. Mission accomplished!
One of the ten most terrifying movie experiences of my life.
Parental Content Review
...(Lopez)shows a very real and vulnerable side, giving a genuine and full performance...
Just another boneheaded replay of the dumbest sitcom pregnancy and parenting cliches. They scrape the bottom of the barrel and then they dig a little deeper.
An appealing romantic comedy.
Stan and Zoe's fateful meeting is supposed to be screwball-awkward but instead comes off as skin-crawlingly uncomfortable, and despite the entirely conventional demands of the plot, the duo never seem remotely at ease with each other.
It suffers from sludgy pacing, flat writing and acting, and a strange and puzzling fondness for scatology and coarse language.
A romantic comedy about single motherhood -- or mom-rom-com -- that manages to be both bland and offensive.
This sitcom style exercise in planned parenthood is blandly predictable. If it were a cheese, it would be Velveeta.
There isn't a single note in this movie that rings true, resorting to cartoonish portrayals of the pregnant woman stereotype for cheap laughs. When they get really desperate, they cut to a shot of Jennifer Lopez's dog.
As a romantic comedy, The Back-up Plan is friendly but also a bit drab. Its true subject isn't love so much as the comedy of pregnancy.
Can I just go watch Date Night again? Please? Thanks.
The film isn't exactly a groundbreaking work of entertainment, but it passes the time engagingly.
Although the actors do their level best, there are no surprises offered and no romance/pregnancy/childbirth cliché unused. And yet, I have to admit, the movie was enjoyable.
The Back-up Plan wants to be cute. But more often it settles for being cutesy. And more often still, it's off-puttingly crude.
What's so disappointing about movies like The Back-up Plan -- which is to say every romantic comedy that's opened in the last two years -- is that they're risk averse.
7:15 p.m.: Pssst, I'm the only man who's ever going to see "The Back-up Plan," or at least the only one willing to admit it, and I'm 15 minutes into pure chick-flick hell. HELP.
The Back-up Plan is cutesy and formulaic and has the approximate depth of a cookie sheet.
The movie, on top of everything else, is crude. It has a genitalia fixation that would embarrass South Park, and its doody-joke quotient is even higher.
It's really two movies, one silly and one serious. Too bad neither is particularly compelling.
Like AVATAR, this is a fantasy. Skip this movie and read the poster. It is all there.
likable but largely predictable
Since they get together pretty early, the rest of the movie consists of contrived flare-ups that threaten to keep them apart.
Husbands, boyfriends, and first-daters are absolutely within their purview to flee in terror to the nearest Michael Bay explodathon when confronted with the grim news that The Back-up Plan is on this evening's romantic menu.
Jennifer Lopez's The Back-Up Plan is the most generic of romantic comedies.
As romantic comedies go, this is the worst drivel I've seen since Nia Vardalos's I Hate Valentine's Day.
The characters are meant to be attractive and likable, but they come off like narcissistic divas.
On the plus side, Jennifer Lopez is the most appealing she's been in quite some time in The Back-Up Plan. The negative side? Well, everything else about the film.
Please, ladies, stay away or movies like this will never stop.
Jennifer Lopez has never looked better. That's about all she does here, is look better. She is talented and deserves more than this bird-brained plot about characters who have no relationship to life as it is lived by, you know, actual people.
It's dramatically vanilla, suffers from sit-com humor tendencies, lacks a compelling romance, and struggles to find a convincing performance.
They're treading woefully familiar ground with The Back-Up Plan, a movie that could have used one.
This artificially inhabited baby flick kind of works, most of the time. You simply can't resist those cute dimples, cooing sounds and bright eyes following shiny objects. Yep, that Jennifer Lopez is a charmer.
For all the profanity (quite a bit) and sexual sass, this CBS Films product plays even more like a TV movie than its debut project, Extraordinary Measures.
This tepid romantic comedy falls somewhere between a weak sitcom pilot and a second-tier Hallmark movie.
A winning performance by Jennifer Lopez overcomes a formulaic and predictable rom-com that involves a planned pregnancy.







@highlight

Jennifer Lopez is as appealing as ever, but The Back-Up Plan smothers its star with unrelatable characters and a predictable plot.