Paul Rudd is awesome. Some people have this natural quality that just draws you to them; something that makes it impossible to hate them. Whatever that quality is - charisma/charm/etc. - Rudd has it in spades.
That Judd Apatow was one of the producers of this film only goes to prove that even the king of comedy can have an off day.
Wanderlust doesn't have much new to say but it's fast, vulgar, forgettable fun.
Even if Wanderlust is a bust, Rudd and Aniston will walk away from it with no repercussions as they both perform very well.
While everyone has their tastes and limits there must be a line when a film is so shameless in its lack of dignity and intellect and assumes the audience are just a bunch of rubes.
Better for having ambitions, but ironically less perfect for failing to live up to those ideals.
Wanderlust has a freewheeling, improvisational aesthetic that doles out enough solid jokes, even if it does so erratically.
probably looked much better on paper
Wanderlust takes its aim at some very broad targets so it's no wonder that the film's jokes tend to be blunt and obvious rather than rapier-sharp.
The parts are often funnier, and more memorable, than the whole, but there's enough here to keep David Wain fans smiling.
Usually avoids SNL skit-shtick and wacky-pothead parody, thanks to affectionate humour, sharp cuts and droll dialogue. Still, the story ultimately sides with the bland, loft-closeted couple and gets lazy with guy-gets-back-girl moments down the stretch.
A random, tedious and tone-deaf comedy, a feeble recycling of every hippie commune cliche you've ever heard.
...yet another in an increasingly long line of subpar comedies from producer Judd Apatow.
... you probably won't see a funnier movie all year.
Consistently funny and outrageous, with a large, appealing cast whose apparent good time making the film is infectious.
Even before the maddeningly smug faux-bohemian denouement, we've turned off and tuned out. Bummer.
There is no narrative cohesion to the film, no pull towards any of the characters, no emotional connection that made anything going onscreen resonate beyond a superficial level.
Too good-natured to dislike it, and in the same breath, too good-natured to have much depth.
It is not the story but the ensemble cast that saves "Wanderlust" from being a mediocre comedy.
An unusually sharp script makes this silly comedy thoroughly enjoyable, even when it tips over the top.
The film is a humourless embarrassment, the cliche situations and flat dialogue decorated but not embellished by the envelope-pushing obscenity traditionally associated with its producer Judd Apatow.
Rudd and Aniston shine in Wanderlust.
Director David Wain's experience is TV and this crude film seems more like a sitcom that probably won't be renewed.
Rudd does some great riffing (especially his hillbilly dirty talk), but ultimately the sum of Wanderlust's parts is greater than the whole.
Wanderlust is flawed, too, but for its exploration of financial ruin and alternative lifestyles, it shows once again that Aniston, at the very least, knows which way the wind is blowing.
Hilarious.
David Wain's film sports an intriguing premise, but the end result never really commits to any particular viewpoint.
Take away the gratuitous frontal nudity, clean up the language and Wanderlust could be one of those lame 1960s comedies that considered itself oh, so daring for mentioning LSD or birth control pills.
Trust me, this movie doesn't deliver on any level, high or low.
Take an old idea, add a top notch comedy cast and some deliriously awkward moments, pop a spliff in its mouth and you're got this wayward but occasionally very funny alt.comedy.
This film isn't going to stick in your mind because of a stirring and original narrative or heart-wrenching lead performance; it's going to stick there because it is just good fun, plain and simple.
It feels like the pilot for a dated nineties sitcom, just not one I'd like to watch. Where are Aniston's friends when she needs them?
There's a germ of an idea for a comedy in Wanderlust, but instead of letting it grow, the people involved have instead allowed it to fester.
This has its moments, but runs out of steam all too quickly.
Neither perceptive nor funny, it's just a mass of unbelievable characters in a demeaning search for a feelgood finale.
While there's little rom, with no discernible chemistry between Rudd and Aniston, Wanderlust scores better when it comes to com.
There's a great deal of cheerfully excessive bad taste in this broad comedy, produced by Judd Apatow.
Surprising, sweet and charming, David Wain proves himself a comic director par excellence.
Another career misstep by Aniston as this crude comedy misses the mark by just not being funny
Paul Rudd and Jennifer Aniston click so well, and credibly, as a screen couple in Wanderlust, you may wonder why they couldn't be a go-to pairing for just about any quirky romcom.
David Wain is one of cinema's greatest goofballs.
After four years, [Wain has] neither improved as a director nor found a script that has anything but sawdust for brains.
Frequently amusing, rather than laugh-out-loud funny, this is a watchable comedy that scrapes a pass thanks to likeable comic performances and a handful of decent gags...
It's an uneven affair but fans of the style will find it comedy nirvanha.
It's hard to remember a comedy so populated with good character bits.
You know you're in trouble when not even the improvised scenes and fluffed out-takes are funny.
After the flak they took in Martha Marcy May Marlene, it's nice to see at least one film give cults the benefit of the doubt.
I wouldn't recommend paying for a movie ticket to see it, but if you catch it someday at home I am sure you'll agree that you've seen worse.
Thoroughly hit-and-miss, Wanderlust nevertheless entertains as a rambunctious oddity with a cracking supporting line-up.
A messy but occasionally very funny satirical comedy...
They barely care about the story, but there's enough funny people involved to make 'Wanderlust' worthwhile.
Rudd might not be the subtlest straight man in movies, but, as of this moment, he's the best.
Free love, at least one nudist, and an alarming lack of privacy are amongst the predictable plot points in this strained comedy.
Being taken under Apatow's wing may have been a big career break for writer-director David Wain, but this lacks the sharp personality of some of his earlier movies.
[The] shaggy but agreeable Wanderlust [is] worth the detour.
The comedy is raunchy at times and, in keeping with what seems to be the new trend in adult comedies, there are plenty of shots of penises included.
A humorous send-up of the 21st Century commune as a hedonistic dystopia for spoiled brats who can't cope with the real world.
Silly fare with the bizarre humor evoking more giggles than guffaws.
Consistently funny throughout, it's a great ensemble that is enlivened by Paul Rudd having some of the funniest moments of his already stellar career.
...engaging, amusing, and often achingly, gut-wrenchingly funny.
Gags ranging from the satiric to the nonsensical, individual scenes that function as comedy sketches, and a general sense of looseness bordering on anarchy.
Senior citizen full frontal? Yes, please!
While not without its flaws, Wanderlust is a funny and intriguing adult comedy. Smarter than you might expect.
Wanderlust is the perfect title for the new Paul Rudd and Jennifer Aniston comedy because it is a potentially good movie that just gets lost along the way.
Wanderlust never soars to great comic heights, but it offers a number of laughs and chuckles.
Throughout his work, Wain's humor oscillates between sophomoric gags and much wiser behavioral observations -- reasons why it almost makes sense to take him seriously as an artist.
The film's problems go deeper than its outdated source of mockery and its narrative sloppiness. Worse than anything else, it's just not all that funny.
Mature comedy offers lots of raunchy comedy -- plus nudity.
It takes guts to do a comedy this big without gross-out slapstick, and the writers and the actors are all in.
It's far from perfect, but this genially satiric take on yuppies thrown into the scarily holistic, vegan universe is determined to give the audience a good time and largely delivers.
Akin to a skit that never ends
Paul Rudd owns this rom-com that bridges the gap between mainstream and counterculture.
Unfortunately, writer/director David Wain, and his collaborator for 23 years, Ken Marino, let their insatiable obsession with bathroom humor get the best of them.
Occasionally very funny, but mostly a tedious film, it's too bad it couldn't sustain the early humor of the first half hour.
Wildly uneven, and based around a bunch of things- hippies, hallucinogens, nudity, ostentatious single-character scenery-chewing - that aren't nearly as hilarious as the filmmakers think they are
The leads are charming and although the plot twists are obvious, there are some funny scenes here.
...works when it's addressing the pitfalls of the current economic climate, but bellies up when it gets into the relationship stuff.
A comedy that looks way better than it actually is set amidst the dreck of late winter releases...
The title of Wanderlust ("strong desire to travel") is erroneous. And yet, it perfectly encapsulates our unyielding urge to flee as far away from this bohemian bomb as possible.
Two words: blooper reel. Yea, it has one.
"Wanderlust" was a huge disappointment that had potential that is quickly trashed with the cheap humor and endless blooper reel.
Wanderlust is a perfect title. The film feels more like a series of Saturday Night Live skits set to a theme. Only the skits just aren't that funny.
It wastes a situation filled with comic potential, forgoing sharp satire for lazy jokes even Beavis and Butthead would find beneath them.
The one saving grace of comedic fiascos like this usually is the end credits, where some of the funniest material often ends up. Alas, even that's not the case here. (Content Review for Parents also available)
A movie that really wants to make you laugh but very seldom succeeds. At its best, it is funny in a smile-and-nod-appreciatively kind of way.
'Wanderlust' has great comedy scenes, but its uninspired and perfunctory dénouement prevents it from being a great comedy.
Paul Rudd is the best friend a movie comedy can have.
Much of the movie feels pasted together; the story doesn't flow, it staggers forward.
As far as your humble correspondent knows, Wanderlust is the first mainstream movie ever to star a Floppy Prosthetic Penis.
It's Rudd's ill-fit with commune life that really gives Wanderlust its comedic glue.
"Wanderlust'' may lack the satiric edge of Albert Brooks' "Lost in America,'' but it does deliver more big laughs than most comedies these days.
Isolated chunks of awesome rather than a coherent whole.
Whether it's deadpan humor or relentless mugging, Rudd has never been funnier, and the film lets him go for broke on more than one occasion with hilarious results.
While I wish they hadn't felt the need to bow to convention, 'Wanderlust' is a solid comedy that re-enforces Wain's reputation as a strong voice worth paying further attention to in the future.
Even when [the] jokes fall flat, which is prevalent enough to notice, it's not for lack of trying by the cast.
A shambling mix of cheap laughs and genuinely funny set pieces from writer-director David Wain.
A tad scattered, a little unwieldy, but never less than eager to please. Fans of the cast are sure to have a particularly good time.
But while Role Models mined riches even in the well-plowed comedic soil of cretins befriending kids, Wanderlust's equally musty city-vs-country culture clash plot finds only flecks of hilarity in mostly bland-to-bold mediocrity.
A slight but better-than-expected comedy featuring winning performances and an agreeability that's hard to resist.
'Wanderlust' is equal parts fresh humor and stale jokes.
Though Wanderlust has a silly-funny premise and moments of inspired lunacy, it wanders aimlessly and runs some weak gags into the ground.
The movie's string of sometimes funny gags seems to be its only purpose-it's like a TV sketch that won't stop.
"Wanderlust" is an assembly line producing laughs.
Another raunch-fest from the Apatow sausage factory...a movie made by yahoos for yahoos.
For every few jokes that hit in this story about a recession-battered New York couple finding themselves on a Georgia commune, one sputters and dies.
So you think you've seen silly? And smarmy? And inept? Wait till you see "Wanderlust," though that's just a figure of speech; I'm not suggesting that you actually lay eyes on this naked grab for box office bucks.
It could have been great but it's just manically hysterical and fearless enough to be pretty damn good.
[It] produces tons of laughs in its compact 90 minutes and doesn't overstay its welcome. The bad jokes are bad, but the good ones are great.
David Wain's skittish but amusing recessionary comedy.
Wain has always brought a kind of zany sensibility to his films, but he has never seemed more confident coloring outside the lines.
Buried below the endless penis and poop jokes, a very funny movie lurks, one we only catch glimpses of amid a churning mire of icky stuff and dangling privates.
This movie has no teeth. It does not want to say anything, other than the unprintable word for penis, over and over.
Wain's willingness to do anything for a laugh is a risk that pays off.
A mild comedy with a few hysterical moments, a steady rhythm of mischief, and a distant sense of misery -- at times uneven, but always engaging.
It's an R-rated movie with a fair amount of nudity, a lot of sexual candor, truckloads of unspecified drugs, and more laughs than I've had at the movies in a very long time.
Wanderlust has its moments. It's sporadically funny - funny enough to deliver a good laugh or two. The problem is, it doesn't do more than that, and the comedy is inconsistent.
"Wanderlust" feels about as edgy as an early Johnny Carson monologue and slightly less clever than a "Visualize Whirled Peas" bumper-sticker.
pure comedy, populated with one inspired comic performance after another
"Wanderlust" achieves a tricky balance: It has enough laugh-out-loud moments that it wins you over, even though the movie as a whole doesn't add up.
A comedy that hums right along and delivers plenty of laughs.
It's obvious "Wanderlust" was a lot more fun to make than it is to watch. But if you set enough funny people loose in front of a camera, they'll find a way to make you laugh, even if it's in spite of your better judgment.
Wanderlust's premise affords it an opportunity to comment insightfully on antithetical but flawed conceptions of the American dream, but any aspirations to satire or social commentary get lost in the film's all-too-easy comedy.
Uneven, but mostly funny.
...a fabric of amusing bits and pieces - something like a shaggy, hippie blanket that's adorned with delightful little gems.
Most of it is pretty funny stuff.
Wanderlust is not the worst movie you will see all year. But it is not good.
Moviegoers holding their breath for a sequel to "Wet Hot American Summer" - it's supposedly happening - can let out a couple of puffs because of "Wanderlust."
Despite the calculated advance press about the movie's nudity, polygamy, dirty talk, etc., David Wain's comedy is depressingly banal.
It's Rudd who provides the tenuous through-line that holds together this scattered ramble of a film, by realizing that there's a middle ground between high-rise living and a cooperative farm, and that it's where most people end up.
Foolproof movie idea: Paul Rudd stands in front of a mirror and improvises for 90 minutes.
Wanderlust may fail as satire, but its absurdist slant and eye for detail sustain it through its cruder passages.
Paul Rudd and Jennifer Aniston are fitfully funny, but this R-rated comedy badly miscalculates exactly how hilarious nudists, hallucinogens and free love really are.
A hidden comedy gem that will appeal as much to fans of Wain and Rudd's earlier work together as those who just enjoy good raunchy laughs.
Some jokes get hammered into the ground repeatedly; others go on well past the point of cringe-inducing awkwardness, which is the point. But some do reach the levels of brilliant, unfettered lunacy to which they aspire.
Every actor who gets the joke shines, even when the story occasionally bumbles and bobbles its momentum.
If the ensuing plot beats are easy to chart in advance, they're sold by a good-natured cast and filmmakers who understand they'll get plenty of laughs even without digging too deep in the bag of tricks displayed in outings like The Ten.
Despite some amusing moments, everyone simply works too hard at providing rambunctious zaniness, until one grows painfully aware the inevitable outtakes reel will be superior to the movie.
None of the hilarity is enough to keep Wanderlust from feeling like a late-night comedy-show sketch stretched to feature length. But why look a giggle-prone gift horse in the mouth?



@highlight

It isn't always as funny as it should be, but Wanderlust benefits from an extremely talented cast and some of David Wain's most confident, assured work behind the camera.