A revealing, original and extremely dramatic film... [Full review in Spanish]
It's actually the pile up of clichés and implausibilities that make the whole thing such a slog.
The film's veracity is undermined by its compulsive use of glib soundbites. Not to mention an over-wound plot that begs disbelief.
Quite frankly, it was a waste of two talented actors.
Director Ridley Scott makes Body of Lies a visually stylish film that also has scenes of incredible carnage and wince-inducing torture.
A compelling, nail-biting spy thriller.
It has none of the sweep of, say, Syriana, as if that mattered to the audience it's gunning for.
Russell Crowe has finally realised he's just an ordinary fat guy now, and taken a role he can accurately portray.
Body of Lies is an extremely well paced, tightly wound, and intensely violent thriller. There is no damnation or congratulations here. As Russell Crowe muses as the end: "No one is innocent"
...[Ridley] Scott's most entertaining and involving effort since 2001's Black Hawk Down.
It doesn't help that those action scenes all blend together, relying overmuch on speeding convoys of big black SUVs and surveillance planes that can see you picking your nose from miles up.
Visually, the film is quite striking. Few modern filmmakers handle desert landscapes as well as Mr. Scott.
Short on thrills and shorter on political insights
A certain rawness and despairing urgency is never quite achieved for the message the film wants to deliver, and so it remains a well-intentioned, well-produced, yet generally unmemorable entertainment.
Passable entertainment -- but definitely not on par with the usual DiCaprio, Crowe, or Ridley Scott output.
For those of us who want movies to be about something and not just empty action with minimal shallow 'moral of the story' tacked on, Body of Lies is a disappointment.
...better than a lot of the post 9/11 espionage films that Hollywood has made.
If you're going to have a mall-ready entertainment about the war on terror, you might as well have this one. [Blu-ray]
When Russell Crowe gives a lackluster performance, you know how meager a year it's been at the movies. In Body of Lies, Crowe is bogged down in a thankless role in a thankless movie.
Básicamente un buen film de entretenimiento sobre un tema "serio" como el combate al terrorismo, armado de manera eficaz aunque superficial.
Como diversão, Rede de Mentiras merece aplausos. Isto não impedirá, claro, que ele seja relegado ao esquecimento completo dentro de poucos anos.
Better than the vast majority of the post-9/11 terrorist yarns, Body of Lies is both more ambiguous and ambitious than such heavy-handed duds as Rendition and Redacted.
Perhaps Scott's ever-restless shooting style doesn't quite differentiate between the peaks and troughs of the narrative, yet it's still an engrossing account of the intersection between process and ethics.
Like Syriana without either the balls or the brains, Body Of Lies is perfectly presentable. You just expect better from the likes of Leo, Russ and Ridley.
But despite the immaculate production values, the satire is so unspeakably crude that it ceases to matter. A shame. Scott has been an instrumental director in the Hollywood evolution of war films. But Body of Lies is a one-note rant.
Body of Lies is big and bombastic, confused and irritable - a 20th-century blockbuster struggling to adapt (too little, too late) to a 21st-century terrain.
Scott, at heart, is a pyrotechnician rather than a political philosopher. Sometimes, during the scenes when he shows graphic acts of torture, he seems like a two-penny shock merchant, too.
With high-class acts to match the hi-tech savvy of Scott and his trusty crew (cinematographer Alexander Witt, editor Pietro Scalia, composer Mark Streitenfeld), this is as taut and engrossing a couple of hours as you'll experience all year.
Syriana, this ain't. Ridley Scott's latest misses the scope, texture or depth to dig into the moral mess of the war on terror. But this entertaining techno-thriller feeds greedily off star performances from Leonardo DiCaprio and Mark Strong.
Body Of Lies lacks the epic sweep of Gladiator and the emotional pull of Thelma And Louise. But it's enormously competent, with a couple of fine supporting performances from Crowe and Strong.
If the starry but soulless crime flick American Gangster wasn't enough to convince you Ridley Scott was a man past his prime, check out Body Of Lies - a starry but soulless terrorism movie.
For all the enthralling visuals and action, the film feels garbled.
Visually the film is so undistinguished it may be time for the maker of Blade Runner to be subjected to that film's Voigt-Kampff test, to determine whether the current owner of the name "Ridley Scott" is real or a replicant.
But it's something of a penance to sit through, a token handwringing over American dirty tricks that's just another opportunity for Scott and co to blow stuff up.
What's surprising is that such a heavyweight combo of Crowe, DiCaprio and Scott would waste their collective gravitas on something so light. Action and acting are both solid but there's no deeper human or political dimension to justify the running time.
Body of Lies can't quite make up its mind whether to be an all-out thriller or a savvy political drama with something relevant to say about Muslim fundamentalism and the American response to it.
While this film's themes seem to address issues of terrorism and CIA meddling, and the powerful cast suggests we're in Important Movie territory, the result is essentially just a routine spy thriller: entertaining but forgettable.
Over-directed, frequently dull and ultimately disappointing thriller that wastes the talents of its two leads and strands them with a tedious script that somehow manages to be both confusing and overly simplistic.
Ridley Scott does not reflect on causes, only on operations. Body Of Lies may engage the warrior techno-geeks, but its amorality is uninvolving.
Body of Lies proves as generic as its title.
Good solid far-fetched multiplex action-adventure fare in the Bondian mode, with awe-inspiring technology and just enough moral philosophizing laced through it to give the mind a little something to chew on.
Just because it's really dense and layered doesn't mean it's good.
A complicated movie about the war on terror with two terrific performances and a terrific director.
Perfectly workmanlike, unimpeachably prestige-y, achingly contemporary, and a near-complete failure as revelation
Characters act and react with inexplicable intents and the story evolves in a manner that defies linear or random templates and certainly anything that might keep us engaged emotionally or psychologically.
Thanks to its high-talent pro lineup, Body of Lies passes the time well, even if it doesn't necessarily enrich it.
Like Alec Baldwin, Russell Crowe is way more fun to watch when he's fat.
A timely game of cat and mouse that benefits from the performances by its two leads.
Body of Lies grants Ferris the usual moral rightness -- even as he's committing questionable acts, he means well.
The macho swagger of these US espionage interlopers around the planet has all the finesse of a wrestling ring, while imperialism is made to come off as really sexy. Body Of Lies: An Amman Gangster.
Ridley Scott delivers an involving if sometimes meandering spy thriller and gets in some choice digs about the paralyzed state of American intelligence in the post-9/11 age.
'Body of Lies' is an adults-only story about espionage and the politics of war.
So much of Body of Lies lumbers along in a lazily predictable manner.
DiCaprio's solid, though I wonder if a real CIA agent could get away with looking so earnest every second. Crowe has the right idea, in addition to all the fun: Just throw it away, throw it away and pretty soon you build yourself a clever characterization
Yes, there are a couple of chase scenes, but Scott rarely shifts into high gear.
Body of Lies has nothing to say about geopolitics, the action scenes are formulaic, and DiCaprio is rarely on the screen with Crowe, who coasts through the most puzzling performance of his career.
More gripping to watch in the moment than enjoyable to recall at its end.
It works better as an action-adventure, thanks to Ridley Scott's knack for tightening the screws on the intensity.
... a forgettable spy non-thriller ...
Exciting enough while it's unfolding, but it lacks an original element and there aren't enough scenes where Crowe and DiCaprio are playing off each other.
A respectable second-rank thriller -- intelligent but muddled, action-packed but thoughtful.
Body of Lies may not tell us anything we didn't already know about the way the US does business in the Middle East, but it's compelling nonetheless.
The new Ridley Scott thriller, "Body of Lies," is a misfire, but not an embarrassment. So, that's positive, I guess.
There always seems to be a gunfight, torture, or fireball explosion to keep you mindlessly entertained.
Body of Lies is the movie Syriana and The Kingdom wanted to be.
Obnoxiously typical, and only its pointlessly convoluted series of double crosses in the middle even gives it the semblance of drama.
Just because Leonardo DiCaprio gets worked like a speed bag doesn't mean Ridley Scott isn't pulling the punches he usually packs. It's emotionless chaos that's more like "Collateral Damage," less a film weighing what collateral damage really means.
Tarred with the brush of the war movie curse
It looks really good and has really great acting in it, [but it] doesn't amount to much in the end, emotionally.
The fact that Roger could have turned to Ed and said, 'I got to go see about a girl,' comes close to negating the impact this film should have.
I lost interest in this movie somewhere between the donkey crossing the road in Jordan and the donkey crossing the road in Syria.
Hugely disappointing film, even moreso when considering the talent involved.
A high-priced potboiler that never comes to a boil.
Body of Lies delivers excellent performances along with realistic action, suspense and drama.
It's official: the Ridley Scott who created such signature visions as Blade Runner and Alien is dead and has been replaced by a pod person that churns out slick-looking, but wholly generic big-budget time-wasters.
Despite a too-long running time, a silly Hollywood ending, and an unconvincing love interest, this is a well-made, high energy, fast-paced film loaded with tension.
DiCaprio plays a hero with terrible judgment, while Crowe hams up a pointless part to the detriment of the movie.
Gets across a palpable sense of Iraq fatigue. Which is another way of saying it invites the audience to see the talking-Chihuahua picture instead.
Body of Lies could've been one of those gag trailers at the beginning of Tropic Thunder.
I'm usually not crazy about thrillers, but this one had me engaged from start to finish.
'Body of Lies' ends up being a mostly chaotic movie featuring lead characters it's hard to care about.
Bloated and far-fetched, it's filled with two-and-half-hours of meandering meaninglessness.
There's just not much being said in 'Body of Lies.' When it comes to novel ideas, everyone gets left out in the cold.
That Ridley Scott guy, he directs things pretty good.
It's basically just an excuse for Leonardo DiCaprio to play Jason Bourne while Scott once again turns his technical expertise towards making Morocco look pretty.
It's an exciting movie, done in the flashy, breath-catching hyper-visual mode we expect from Scott. But in the end, it gets bogged down ...
Doesn't tell its story clearly, and buries its most compelling aspects beneath action scenes and romantic subplots that detract from them.
A palpable tension grinds on you for a bit over two-hours and leaves you as drained as the film's characters.
Its chief bid at seriousness, a confrontational colloquy with the top terrorist near the end of the film, comes across as the awkward regurgitation of a hastily swallowed subscription to The Economist.
Scott, Crowe and DiCaprio construct a sophisticated, intelligent thriller.
It's a study in semisimilitude, more Google-Earthly than grounded in feelings.
The plot occasionally becomes convoluted and murky, but when it trains its focus on matters of treachery and intrigue, Body of Lies is exciting and compelling.
The result isn't a lecture about American foreign policy, but a smartly updated old-fashioned espionage thriller.
Body of Lies is more than anything a missed opportunity -- or perhaps, given its cellular phoniness, a series of missed connections.
The world of Body of Lies should feel chaotic and dangerous. But Scott's camera, smoothly gliding across one stately image after another, keeps assuring us everything is fine.
I'm still waiting for the war-on-terror thriller that has more on its mind than the threat al-Qaida poses to movie stars.
DiCaprio bleeds and curses and emotes all over the desert, but the movie he inhabits seems cold, like a clockwork mechanism...
It's a Mideast thriller pulsing with suspense, shootouts, explosions, flashy movie-star performances and the kind of evocative atmosphere that has made director Ridley Scott famous.
This makes for a movie experience in which the viewer sits patiently for about 45 minutes waiting for the story to kick in, only to realize, oh. So this is it.
Body of Lies is excessively intricate and extremely dull, the latest example of a filmmaker giving us a disjointed, overlong movie that's unnecessarily confusing to follow.
Like Blade Runner, the film reminds us of the corrupting nature of power, and how those who look down on others often fail to understand the consequences of their actions.
Though Body of Lies hews a bit too closely to convention, it still engages throughout thanks to DiCaprio and director Scott.
For those who care about there being more to a thriller than pointless car chases and over-edited fight sequences, Body of Lies offers a satisfying dose of truth.
"Body of Lies" is an intelligent geopolitical thriller that ... is really about the manipulation of people like chess pieces on a worldwide board.
Body of Lies moves so fast you don't notice its oddball structure.
Body of Lies is a riddle wrapped in an enigma served with a side of mystery meat. It's very watchable, with some entertaining action beats, kind of a Syriania as scripted by Tom Clancy, a The Kingdom with a little less C.S.I.
It's a well-crafted, suspenseful effort that at least tries to appear intelligent and aware.
It's a little bit of Syriana, a lot of Traitor -- and an awful lot of scenes of people cursing into cell phones.
Body of Lies is being hailed in some quarters as a 'new' kind of war thriller. While this glitzy production may attract audiences suffering from battle fatigue, it's nothing of the sort.
The movie isn't witty or memorable, but it keeps you on edge, and it's the first war-on-terror film to weave its anti-U.S. politics so deeply into the narrative that the characters don't need to speechify.
Say what you want about the guy's early films or performances, DiCaprio is quickly and quietly turning into one of the more fearlessly talented and gifted actors working today.
Art may be imitating life, but it sure makes for dull movies. Body of Lies is the latest example of what a crutch this has become -- show grainy satellite images, cut to a chase in a crowded bazaar, discuss 'intel'. Repeat.
Unfortunately, we've seen variations on this story a dozen times.
An apocalyptic vision of cloak-and-dagger intelligence, Lies is like a suicide note written by Tom Clancy, but the movie's gloomy inaccessibility actually makes it all the more intriguing.
Body of Lies has its share of exciting moments -- Scott remains a master at directing physical action -- and it certainly couldn't be more timely. But it's also a safe and predictable movie about a subject that is neither.
As the film's episodic story gradually reveals itself, it ends up too unconvincing and conventional to consistently hold our attention.
A well-crafted but curiously generic spy thriller that, for its final hour at least, comes off as formulaic as its title.
A stumbling block for myself as a big, fat American who doesn't understand all the nuances of Middle Eastern politics is that the movie was often hard to follow.
Even if Body of Lies lacks a huge emotional wallop, it dishes plenty of food for thought.
Given the giga-talent involved -- virtuoso visualist Scott, The Departed's William Monahan adapting Washington Post columnist David Ignatius's novel -- I was hoping for something more substantive than Syriana-meets-Spy Game.
On this basic premise builds a complicated story plied with onion layers of perspective and cunning.
Russell Crowe's portrayal of an overweight, amoral CIA honcho in the Middle East thriller Body of Lies is mesmerizing, chilling, disturbing to the bone and one of the best performances of the year.
Body of Lies is an A-list project with B-game results.
High production value and solid performances lay enough of a spit shine on an otherwise dingy pile of drivel.
As a movie seeking to tell a story, Body of Lies is a confused jumble.
This is a little too slick and commanding for its own good; despite Crowe and DiCaprio's best efforts, their characters keep getting flattened by the steamroller narrative.
[Ridley Scott] has few peers at keeping a complex script clear and tightly focused...
The movie is an urgent current-events thriller that falls somewhere between Syriana and the Bourne movies.
DiCaprio helps turn what could have been a dry-as-sand Middle Eastern thriller into a compelling suspense film that questions the ethics of espionage and counterterrorism without turning sanctimonious or screedlike.
DiCaprio and Crowe, who both deliver excellent performances, may nevertheless be overshadowed by the outstanding turn by British actor Strong.
Both complicated and compelling, Body of Lies offers an audacious glimpse at the hypocrisy and religious furor fueling a struggle most Americans recognize only as a political catch phrase -- a 'war on terror.'
Crowe's a delight as a crafty Deputy Dawg from Arkansas; Mark Strong's Hani has an IQ to match his GQ. Surprisingly, the only undernourished part belongs to DiCaprio.
Body of Lies is smart, sophisticated and hopelessly uninvolving.
Yet in spite of the movie's high-tech veneer and its top-billed stars, Body of Lies is depressingly inert.
...no matter how energetically the characters tear around the desert or barrel through the teeming souks, we remain underwhelmed.
Director Ridley Scott delivers a passable spy movie that has nothing to say about this region; he may as well have been directing from a monitor in his hotel suite.
Despite the dog-eared set-ups and situations, Body of Lies also has a lot going for it.
By the end, Body Of Lies is revealed as just another big-budget movie designed to cash in on the real-enough Middle East conflicts. It's a gangster movie without cops and criminals.
Some show is made of plunging the viewer into a dense cloud of moral ambiguity, but this is mostly smoke and mirrors: while the American heroes may employ some dubious tactics, the justice of their cause is never in doubt.
The complex plot is rendered with clarity and precision, the action scenes are very well staged, the suspense is palpable, and the performances are first-rate.
[C]lever and subtle and demands that you pay attention, and rewards you for doing so...
...should seem ripped from today's headlines. Instead it plays like a typical cat and mouse spy movie with top notch production values and a tacked on romantic angle.
I'm not much of a mathematician, but you can say this one is Crowe Scott DiCaprio = Disappointment
It's a film directed by one of the best directors in Hollywood, written by one of the best writers and has two of the best actors around. How could you go wrong?
Like the intelligence officers it portrays, Body of Lies uses double-crosses and slight of hand to conceal a fairly formulaic story and a climax as offensively conventional as it gets.
Mr. Scott's professionalism is, as ever, present in every frame and scene, but this time it seems singularly untethered from anything like zeal, conviction or even curiosity.
What begins as a movie suggesting the moral complexity of counterterrorism ends up feeling very much like a thriller as generic as its title.
Anyone who actually sees Body of Lies will have a hard time taking it as seriously as audiences took Scott's Black Hawk Down.
A cut above some of the other recent spate of Middle East-set thrillers.
Easily the smartest film to date about the post-9/11 'war on terror.'
An unfocused, almost pointless spy thriller.
Anchored by an amazing performance by Leonardo DiCaprio and little else, Body of Lies limps along for over two hours, never amounting to more than a decent, if derivative nailbiter.
After Ridley's less-than-stellar stretch including Matchstick Men, Kingdom of Heaven, A Good Year and American Gangster, expectations are medium at best and Body of Lies does nothing to raise them.
The film lacks the urgency and, ironically, the intelligence required for something along these lines to succeed.
As disturbing as it is compelling, Ridley Scott has outdone himself with his first modern-day political thriller, delivering his strongest movie since Black Hawk Down.
The movie has the fungible quality of the kind of book you buy for an airplane trip and toss as soon as you arrive.
Body of Lies is certainly one of most well-crafted and intellectually engaging political thrillers to come along this year.
A bewildering mishmash of double-crosses, cover-ups, and cliches, Monahan's treatment unfortunately undermines some terrific performances and a solid outing for director Ridley Scott.
Body of Lies is most alive while relishing the surveillance and communications tools abused by Hoffman, tools that supply him military intelligence, but not the smarts or scruples to effectively use it.
Body of Lies clicks along at an engaging pace, legibly limning its multitude of characters and even throwing in a good bit of wry humor.
Oscar voters leery of voting for (gasp!) comic book movie, 'The Dark Knight,' for multiple accolades come award season finally have another option with the release of 'Body of Lies.'
Body of Lies nearly goes too far. As it is, this heavily political thriller becomes too serious and much too dark at times, and it doesn't seem to be serious enough when it really counts.
So many like-minded films have beat it to the punch that there's nothing new to offer audiences. The talents of all involved have been wasted, and so has our time.
It's solid filmmaking that, bafflingly, leaves little to talk about on the way home.
A thriller that reveals the latest twists and turns in the war on terrorism.
Lies is a turgid Middle Eastern thriller, firing blanks as an action submission and presenting a wet match to light the fire of political discourse.
A passable Friday night flick.
Its generic attributes (and title) notwithstanding,Scott's film may be the sharpest and most perceptive of all the post-9/11 thrillers -- and also the most purely entertaining.
Body of Lies contains enough you can believe, or almost believe, that you wish so much of it weren't sensationally implausible.
Makes the threats, the obstacles and the explosions seem shatteringly real.
It's no surprise that Leonardo DiCaprio and Russell Crowe are so good in Body of Lies, Ridley Scott's thrilling film about the war on terror, its costs and its frustrations.
Curiously lightweight...escapes neither the slick histrionics of a typical studio blockbuster nor the clumsiness that afflicts movies with political messages.
Isn't it time someone did a serious cost-benefit analysis on the filmmaking partnership of Russell Crowe and director Ridley Scott?
A tight, first-rate espionage thriller that casts a bleak light on American involvement in the Middle East.
Body of Lies is an expertly made, well-acted movie, and that makes it worth seeing, but it's not what it could have been.
'Body of Lies' is a tense, deftly paced meditation on America's role in the Middle East, and if it's not quite a war movie, it offers somber insights into the Bush administration's campaign against terror that recent thrillers like 'The Kingdom' have not.
Body of Lies isn't half bad, sprinkling in well-shot action and some moments of genuine suspense.
While action-adventure conventions take precedence over socio-political analysis, visceral kicks are in short supply, a situation that throws the film's tendencies toward stale misdirection and goofy melodrama into sharp relief.
The plot devolves into a potboiler, reduced to a series of sequences wherein DiCaprio and Crowe can posture with the requisite machismo
The Hollywood Surge still isn't working.
Collaborating with a director who doesn't give a damn, DiCaprio and Crowe have made a political action flick totally without emotional impact.
What distinguishes the book with gripping realism may not be so apparent in the cinematic context. Still, for spy calculus, action, and character realization, I assign you to see it.
If you're looking for a high-tech, old-fashioned racist B-western, you've come to the right place, pilgrim.
Working from a screenplay by William Monahan, Scott takes rusty '80s clichés from the days when we were playing nuclear chicken with Russia and retrofits them to the post-9/11 world. He exposes how weary those old spy tropes really are.
It's a wonder that Body of Lies squanders all of those ingredients in a dry, convoluted mess.
For the most part, this is a pretty solid thriller that combines Government mumble jumble with some pretty exciting action sequences.
Violent spy thriller more about style than story.
Each character thinks that what he's doing is the right course for the greater good. But when you break down Body of Lies to its most fundamental elements, it's really about disagreeing with your boss.
Body of Lies is yet another in a long, tiresome line of loud, violent, nauseating and incoherent riffs on how mercenary and inhuman the spooks in the C.I.A. are, even to each other.
Reaching perhaps for the artistic merit of 'Syriana,' director Ridley Scott instead unfolds a convoluted story with little wit and flat humor.
Leonardo DiCaprio and Russell Crowe fire up Ridley Scott's terrific political thriller, which might finally drag audiences to a flick about the War On Terror.
High marks also to Strong, the almost overly polite leader of the Jordanian security forces. His soft spoken demeanor attempts to mask the furiousness of his convictions
DiCaprio works hard while Crowe does chores at home and eats.
"Body of Lies" is a cynical cinematic Kamikaze sortie where the goal is for the audience to disapprove of every smug American character and every super tricky Middle Easterner.
Smart and tightly drawn; it has a throat-gripping urgency and some serious insights, and Scott has a greater command of space and a more explicit way with violence than most thriller directors.
Convincing and gripping, Body of Lies is at the epicentre of Ridley Scott's comfort zone as an action adventure with political overtones as well as some intimate human insights
Lies and consequences form the heart of this bold, hard-hitting drama in which people are used as commodities, while Big Brother keeps a watchful eye -- both DiCaprio and Crowe inhabit their characters totally
DiCaprio (not Crowe) is in top form in Scott's fast-moving, visually vivid but dramatically uninvolving noirish geopolitical thriller that despite problems conveys the point that in the new war on terrorism information, not weaponry, is the key variable.
Neither the location-based verisimilitude of Ridley Scott's shooting style nor the estimable Middle East expertise of source-material author David Ignatius can disguise Body of Lies as anything other than the contrived phony-baloney it is.
DiCaprio gives the role plenty of brio, while Crowe -- who reportedly gained 50 pounds to play the morally and physically sloven office spook -- is agreeably obnoxious.










@highlight

Body of Lies relies on the performances of Russell Crowe and Leonardo DiCaprio to elevate it beyond the conventional espionage thriller.