What's most frustrating about the shallowness of Ida's Westernized ideology is the luminous and genuinely mysterious visuals with which Pawlikowski invests it.
...worth a watch due to its technical qualities and interesting story... [Full Review in Spanish]
Ida is an exquisitely rendered artifact that nonetheless becomes truer for holding its diminutive shape against such weighted material, something like finding a lost Zbigniew Herbert poem scrawled on a kielbasa wrapper.
Ida feels like one of these masterpieces that reaches an emotional and intellectual height on the wings of flawless filmmaking...
The silence used in Pawel Pawlikowski's award-winning, thoughtful and intense new film Ida is deafening.
Ida is a quaint drama in technique, but its formidable power lies in these cardinal quandaries.
This graceful film will stay with you long after you see it.
Ida is not only an evocation of early '60s Poland, the period of Pawlikowski's childhood, but a film that gives the illusion that it could have been made then.
Slow, beautiful Ida is more impressive cinematically than narratively
Deep undercurrents run beneath the simple surface
A fascinating black and white film by Ryszard Lenczewski and Lukas Zal which demands a bigger screen. [full review in Spanish]
A candid exploration of how women channel the Holocaust differently in movies. Meanwhile, elephant in the screening room alert, with the suppressed buried past under the rubble of history, as to just how economics and ideological rivalry kick in.
A beautiful film, and a mysterious one. I don't quite know what to make of it, but I have been seduced by its evasive intrigue.
Now that Paweł Pawlikowski's haunting Polish film has been nominated for a foreign-language Oscar, Ida is back in the conversation. Let yourself be enveloped by a modern cinema classic.
The film's moral complexity is laudable
Ida begins as a search for closure and becomes an incredibly engrossing and devastating examination of the pedestrian nature of evil in wartime.
Nestled within its sins-of-the-elders narrative is a faintly charming cross-generational bonding picture, pairing a worldly cynic with a young girl taking her last gasp of secular air before giving her life to the Lord.
Trzebuchowska is certainly the film's other great asset: all the performances are great, but she is not even an actress, having been spotted by a producer in a cafe and hired almost on the spot. You'd never believe it.
Sometimes a film has you swooning from the very first frame, and Polish director Pawel Pawlikowski's fifth narrative feature is one such film.
Pawlikowski has a photographer's eye for composition, and every crisp, monochrome frame could be a postcard from Poland's tragic, turbulent past.
With her brassy, determined aunt, Ida sets off to find answers and discovers life beyond the convent walls in this leisurely but satisfying journey.
The only thing black-and-white about "Ida," Pawel Pawlikowski's haunting, wintry 1962-set drama about a young Polish nun, is the location photography.
Within austere frames overflowing with soft black and white visuals, imagery is everything, and the film shows more than it says.
The film tackles the complex issues of faith, hypocrisy and wartime accountability with nuance -- and it's drop-dead gorgeous.
The black and white images are beautifully composed, the classic "Academy" square screen ratio adds to the atmosphere and the music is sparse and effective.
The lead actresses bring power and pain to their roles. Kulesza captures the bitterness of Wanda's life as a cynical Communist apparatchik, while Trzebuchowska gives quiet grace and strength to Anna.
For all of the film's delicately structured character arcs and hushed visual poetry, Ida never completely connects, and Pawlikowski's cinematic reserve often feels arid and passionless.
Don't adjust your set: the film is (strikingly) photographed in Bergman-esque shades of gray-and-white.
Lest the film sound like too much of a downer, be assured that Pawlikowski laces it with beauty and hope.
A film about history and identity that will long linger in the mind.
Pawlikowski is intelligent, sensitive to mood and willing to defy fashion -- and this last quality, in particular, is rare enough to be worth valuing.
Ida is a sweet road-trip buddy pic and a tender coming-of-age tale, while avoiding the clichéd trappings of such genres. It's also flat-out gorgeous.
This frugal, static film in black and white is wondrous with life and drama. First-time actress Agata Trzebuchowska has a face you could watch forever.
Intense drama, unforgettable story of post-Holocaust Poland.
There is not a frame in this austere spiritual journey that isn't a thing of heartfelt beauty.
A sober tale of individual identity through family and religious faith and the working out of personal guilt.
Rather than relying on any preceding work driven by the written word, the filmmakers have constructed a masterpiece that nods to the sheer poetry of the visual.
The characters are complex and unpredictable in the best ways, and the film containing them is one of the clear highlights of the movie year.
A black & white Polish film about a nun in the 1960s exploring her family origins is about as tough as art-house pitches come. Yet, Ida has a remarkable lightness of touch and focus of vision making it impossible not to widely recommend.
Ida is haunting and devastatingly beautiful; perhaps my favorite film to come out so far this year, foreign language and otherwise.
Maybe a black and white Polish road movie set fifty years ago does not promise a fun night at the flicks. But you would be wrong. Ida is truly extraordinary experience.
Pawlikowski paints his world with disarmingly delicate brushstrokes.
For all its sombre subject matter, there is warmth here too; personal, musical, spiritual.
After two striking British dramas (Last Resort and My Summer of Love) and a clever French mystery (The Woman in the Fifth), filmmaker Pawel Pawlikowski returns home to Poland to tell a simple story that bursts with deeper meaning.
"A comeback marked by crystalline conviction ... suffused with the ache of loss but streaked with hope and humour."
Ida juxtaposes socialism and religion, repression and liberation, while mining the grey spaces in between.
One of its wonders is that, in spite of its grim underlying themes, Ida has the lightness, grace, humour and visual inventiveness of the New Wave movies of the Sixties to which it pays such obvious homage.
Set in an austere, almost abandoned Poland during the early 1960s, director Pawel Pawlikowski's first feature made in his homeland is a spare, haunting piece of minimalism.
Stark but beautiful, understated but hauntingly entrancing, this sublime drama confirms Pawlikowski's place among the best of modern Polish directors.
Solemn, reverential and brief, Ida provides a thoughtful footnote to one of the most emotional chapters in human history.
A bracing and powerful drama about cultural roots and the nature of identity from director Pawel Pawlikowski.
Pawlikowski has a photographer's eye for composition, and every crisp, monochrome frame could be a postcard from Poland's tragic, turbulent past.
It's an intriguing story, crisply told, but the austere, remote style makes it hard to engage emotionally.
Look at Pawel Pawlikowski's Ida, and have your eyes opened to what rich glories a monochrome palette can achieve.
A brutal and unapologetic investigation into the heart of darkness of the holocaust.
The spiritual education of a Polish novitiate nun and its impact on taking her vows.
The odd compositions imply the camera is respectfully aware of the presence of something hovering above the characters, something invisible and mysterious that perhaps affirms the nun's faith, even in this awful world of Nazi murders and Communist purges.
What really sets it apart is its attention to visual detail. Not a single frame of film is wasted in a movie that could be appreciated even if the sound was turned down.
A mesmerizing drama from Poland.
Ida is less about the Holocaust than its residual effects, focusing on its overlooked social repercussions.
As ascetic as you'd expect of a film depicting country in the Soviet Communist orbit, yet featuring a young woman who in just a week's time finds her life brightening for the first time.
What is fascinating is how Pawlikowski reveals so much by simply sticking with Ida and Wanda and acutely observing their behavior.
Director Pawel Pawlikowski has taken a real historic tragedy and personalized it in the characters of Anna/Ida and Wanda.
A poignant, unsettling and moving psychological drama about an unworldly 18-year-old novitiate nun.
The kind of film where people tend to be quick off the mark to slap the term "masterpiece" on it -- a term that's in danger of becoming as meaningless as "classic" has already become.
The pace is deliberate, but this low-budget gem continues to build tension both internally and externally.
A painterly act of contemplation and one to compare with any of the greatest films made about the nature of faith.
Consider "Ida" the first offering in a summer celebrating Polish cinema and the latest masterpiece in a powerful tradition.
Devastatingly brisk at 80 minutes, "Ida" is a beautiful film to watch, with Pawilowski creating stunningly composed scenes that have the weight of historical photographs and the urgency of real life.
...there is the suggestion of religion as a haunting presence, a burden to bear.
The often high cost of discovering the truth guides the journey, shot in emphatic black and white and employing scenes so artfully framed in chilling light that they could fill a gallery with breathtaking photographs.
In the end, Ida has to confront where she's come from, decide who she is and who she wants to be. Then again, don't we all?
Anna's journey will leave her deeply conflicted about what she has seen, just as I feel conflicted about this film. It's been three weeks, and I can't stop thinking about her.
Majestic in its ability to dwell in silence, this is a film that sticks with you long after the lights come up. And like the work of Ingmar Bergman, it's unafraid to shoulder the full weight of a tragic past on a defiantly uncertain future.
As the heroine who bounces back from one potential catastrophe after another, Trzebuchowska always suggests resilience. She's got a lot on her mind, but we know she'll survive.
Within the visually cold and austere film is an emotional richness and complexity planted there by co-writer and director Pawel Pawlikowski.
The result is an emotionally moving work which, without sentimentality, urges us to challenge our assumptions and reckon with hard truths.
Exquisite and intellectually affecting in its brief, precise 80-minutes.
A film with meat and bones sorely lacking in heart.
There's a good movie to be made about the back-to-back evils wreaked upon Poland by the Nazi and Soviet regimes, but 'Ida' just ain't it.
A thing of beauty that overstays its welcome. It's possible that Pawlikowski would be a great artist if he weren't so hellbent on convincing us of it.
Pawlikowski unfolds the story quietly and deliberately, with stunning black and white cinematography giving the movie an austere, otherworldly feel.
...those willing to appreciate finely etched character studies of two women, trying to make sense of a discovered or rediscovered Jewish past, will find this both engaging and moving.
I was drawn in by the incredible beauty of Ida's photography to the point of alienation from the complex story through which such images unfolded in front of me.
An artistic triumph whose stunning simplicity conveys an entire world of moral complexity and human pain.
A masterpiece.
"Ida" is a story of faith and identity, an exquisite, austere drama in a plaintive minor key.
Beautifully crafted all around, keeping Ida engrossing as it explores screen stillness, putting its faith in the power of subtle revelations as a means of suspense.
The Polish drama "Ida" is a rarity, a film both intensely grounded in painful historical reality and genuinely otherworldly.
Ida is a film that will stay in the minds of audiences for days after the credits have rolled.
Life is full of strangeness. Ida offers up a quixotic glimpse at the human condition, and a diversion from the expected...
Anyone with trouble sleeping should trot along to this boring Polish drama about a young nun (Agata Trzebuchowska) who discovers some dark secrets in her family.
A film that stirs emotions and begs us never to forget that the biggest atrocities can have the most intimate of outcomes.
Remarkably well-made character study, brimming with emotion and sublimated conflict.
Spare, haunting and in its own way beautiful, "Ida" is an absorbing film about discovering the truth, and the attendant price we pay to learn it.
Pawel Pawlikowski's hushed, elemental story of a young Polish woman's discovery of her history and herself in the early 1960s as she's about to take vows as a nun shimmers with beauty and detail: it's breathtakingly great.
A quiet, sparsely plotted film that grows in memory.
Ida reaches spiritual depth through affecting performances rendered in sublime black-and-white compositions. Cinematographer Lukasz Zal places faces in the lower corner of his frame to arresting effect.
For a film about grave moral questions and contradictions, "Ida" possesses more than its share of sensory pleasures ...
Ida has the look and feel of a 1960s black-and-white "art" movie without artsy pretentiousness.
"Ida" accomplishes so much, so surely in its 80 minutes, it's as if the director Pawel Pawlikowski had dared himself: How can I tell this fascinating story efficiently yet without rushing and abridging the narrative?
Turns what should have been a complex mystery into a simple question and answer.
Ida is a gorgeous and humble tale of stiff upper lips and scars that refuse to heal, where every frame is imbued with melancholic beauty and a quiet grace.
Pawlikawski's approach is austere and subdued, capturing a sense of spiritual tranquility with a purity and economy of form that is rare outside of a Bresson or Dreyer film, yet with a political and moral fervor that this type of material demands.
The black-and-white cinematography has a luminous clarity. This is one of those films it is impossible to imagine in colour. And the performances, without exception, seem flawless.
It's an elegant miniature that illuminates grander, sadder themes.
Likely to remain the best movie of the year.
By the end of the film, you know [Anna] has changed inside, but the import of that change remains entirely her business -- which is the aspect of Ida I most admire, and also the one that makes me most uneasy.
Ida is austere, it's beautiful, but I don't know that I completely get all that Pawlikowski is trying to say with this.
The parable resonates emotionally thanks to Trzebuchowska's performance.
A stunning character portrait of survival and loss.
[The] screenplay is a model of economy, as precise as the lensing by Ryszard Lenczewski and Lukasz Zal, who often position their subjects at the bottom of the frame, emphasizing personal insignificance within the totalitarian machine.
Pawel Pawlikowski's Ida is a remarkably beautiful film.
Ida stings, but in wonderfully alarming ways.
This is solemn filmmaking, devoutly restrained and unshakably purposeful. We expect its austerity to fend us off, but no; it gathers us in and forbids us to look away.
The effect is somewhere between incredible beauty and mounting discomfort.
Quite soon in watching Ida, you recognize that you are going to have to see the picture again and again.
Introspective and retrospective at once, transformative, self exploratory and with its final destination remaining elusive, as classic road movies ought to be.
An exquisitely beautiful road trip through the emotional consequences of exposing Poland's expedient secrets and denials. . . conveyed through very expressive faces.
Ida is barely 80 minutes and lacks fullness, and the style that's so arresting can also seem studied. But the movie's chill is hard to shake off.
What comes across is a vast woefulness for what the war did to Poland and all its people. Amid this darkness and dread, Ida is like a transcendent beacon.
There's an urgency to Ida's simple, elemental story that makes it seem timely, or maybe just timeless.
Riveting, original and breathtakingly accomplished on every level, "Ida" would be a masterpiece in any era, in any country.
The finest work yet from a terrific filmmaker. And, one can only hope, the one that begins to bring him the attention he deserves.
A quiet, patient movie that runs a mere 80 minutes, but in the fashion of the best cinematic works offers a world of riches just below the surface.
It is Trzebuchowska's face, and her character's situation, her existential and practical journey, that hold our interest in "Ida."
Within its relatively brief duration and its narrow black-and-white frames, the movie somehow contains a cosmos of guilt, violence and pain.
The performances are beyond reproach. As Wanda, Agata Kulesza is mournfully magnetic. As Ida, Agata Trzebuchowska expresses a complex consciousness budding up from behind her sweet blank slate.
Yes, I'm recommending a black-and-white film about a nun and a judge in Communist-era Poland.
Everyone is on a voyage of self-discovery in Ida - the two central characters certainly, but also Poland-born, Britain-based director Pawel Pawlikowski, making his first film in the homeland he left at 14.
You really care about these people, and given the truly foreign and basically grim nature of their story, that is no small achievement indeed.
For a young nun who knows nothing of herself and the outside world, this journey through the past is an eye-opening experience; for viewers, likewise.
Pawel Pawlikowski's "Ida," a compact masterpiece set in Poland in the early 1960s, gets to the heart of its matter with startling swiftness.
Both "Ida" and Ida are exquisite.
The film is both delicate and unforgettable.
Pawel Pawlikowski shows great empathy toward the idea of illusions as a way of attaining emotional stability in even the most brutal terrain.
Rendered compellingly in black-and-white.
Most evocatively, the way the camera presents Trzebuchowska's face is almost worthy of an essay in itself, like a living experiment in the identification process in cinema.
This rigorous beautiful black-and-white drama of early-'60s Poland is an art film in the best sense.
Director Pawel Pawlikowski returns to his roots, both geographically and cinematically, with this exquisitely photographed and precisely told story.
Instead of making the young woman's search feel immediate and universal, such an ascetic treatment locks it away in the past.
This story of faith and despair is gracefully told, its simple, uncluttered spaces and luminous black-and-white photography harking back to Robert Bresson.
Both the character and the film blossom as Ida discovers the joys of nightclubs, John Coltrane and sex.
Just as austere and demanding as you'd expect a black-and-white film about a Polish nun to be.
Elegantly sparse and absorbing
In a very short time, Pawlikowski's film tells us a powerful, poignant story with fine, intelligent performances from Kulesza and Trzebuchowska.
Director Pawel Pawlikowski goes for a slow ache with "Ida," in which death and love are both viewed from a respectful distance.
Glows on the screen, rich with history.

@highlight

Empathetically written, splendidly acted, and beautifully photographed, Ida finds director Pawel Pawlikowski revisiting his roots to powerful effect.