Watching The Thing, I was absolutely stunned by its complete and utter lack of creativity.
A misguided and generally worthless prequel...
There's just no sense of dread in this "Thing," no notion that these people are truly at the edge of the world, with nowhere to escape and no one to trust.
Since Heijningen already had dibs on The Thing's hallowed name, he didn't even bother trying to conjure any of its slow-burning suspense or claustrophobic vibe.
For a creature feature set on the South Pole, it lacks urgency, or even a sense that it's very cold in Antarctica.
The fact that The Thing falls flat is proof positive that unlike the film's industrious alien, parasitic remakes can't easily carbon copy the host.
Gets the externals but can't duplicate the authentic chill and isolation of the original.
If this take is perfectly passable, it also is distinctly forgettable.
Can't possibly compare to the film it's inspired by, but if you've not seen the 1982 version, you should find it reasonably harmless, albeit with an increasingly daft climax.
"The Thing" is not half as good as the Carpenter film, but it has enough shocks and scares to keep you interested. And, if you see it first, then at least you have the back story for viewing the 1982 classic. Gore is good. Paul Chambers, CNN.
It does nothing better than John Carpenter's version, but it borrows and steals enough of the stuff that works from his film to carry it to some level of lowest-common-denominator entertainment.
There's nothing really new about this remake/prequel, but the film's attention to continuity and detail is respectable and interesting for fans of John Carpenter's 1982 classic.
It reduces things to nothing more than a highlight reel of terror, none of it particularly scary even if what is being presented is done so with a fair amount of skill.
Pointless prequel to the 1982 sci-fi/horror classic. One of the five worst films of 2011.
This is the third time I've watched the John W. Campbell Jr. story 'Who Goes There?' unfold. I have to admit the monster in this one is the most disgusting and thereby the most fascinating of all three.
Van Heijningen Jr's The Thing still works as a perfectly watchable contemporary sci-fi thriller on the surface by creating enough entertaining scares ...
There are a few tense moments, but the plot is packed full of clichés - imagine, the radio is dead and there's a storm coming!
Van Heijningen has again reinterpreted the material, he has instead done so for an era in which horror films are remade by commercials directors who get the look, but miss the feel, of the original article.
A slow hand clap for all concerned, please.
Not bad, but what Cole Porter might dismiss as just one of those things.
The themes of paranoia and isolation are the same as Carpenter's film, but the effects aren't a patch on the original.
This isn't the real Thing; keep it at bay.
[A] useless, entertainment-free xerox copy of John Carpenter's 1982 film of the same name... Van Heijningen has never made a feature film before, and, I would argue, he still hasn't...
Whatever good intentions were behind this prequel to John Carpenter's 1982 classic, the sloppy execution renders them moot.
Tense, smart and suitably gruesome, this certainly delivers the goods.
It's curious that a movie about a shape-shifting, person-imitating alien lifeform should itself feel like a mutant hybrid: half-prequel, half-remake, never sure which end to cosy up to.
Nary an original bone in this monster's body, but effective nonethleless.
Schlock lovers and Friday night thrill-seekers are disgustingly well served. Best skip that tray of gooey nachos, though.
Never quite lives up to Carpenter's version, though it's entertaining enough, thanks to a superb performance from Mary Elizabeth Winstead and some satisfyingly gloopy visuals.
Despite its visual sophistication and a good lead performance, there's no escaping that this Thing is a pointless remake trying to convince itself that it is in fact a prequel.
Critics were wrong about the original movie back in 1982. They wrong about this one too!
Efficient enough for newcomers perhaps, but never that chilling, and the predictably dull CGI underlines how far movie magic has regressed in the past couple of decades.
A colossal mess and a general spit in the face of everything John Carpenter set forth with his 1982 masterpiece.
By no means the finessed work of a Carpenter; more an enthusiastic DIY expert who read the instructions once and reckons he can manage.
Not an improvement on John Carpenter's groundbreaking 1982 original, but sufficiently horrific, tense and well-paced, and aided by minor changes and current technology.
The great irony of The Thing-quel is that, as an imitation itself, it's a uniquely unconvincing simulacrum of the thing it's trying to ape.
Consisting of a few shock pops and queasy effects, The Thing is tired, rote and uninspired, becoming a waiting game to see who gets knocked off next. There's nothing here not seen before, including in its superior 1982 sire.
Great care has been taken to not fill this movie full of lame, jittery camera angles and a faster-than-necessary pace, which is nice. It's just too bad that Mary Elizabeth Winstead is dull as dishwater.
This Thing is purely for the gorehounds, and they aren't likely to leave impressed. It takes a while for the blood and goo squibs to start gushing... When you've seen one mutilated corpse used like an extraterrestrial hand puppet you've seen 'em all.
Studio-produced fan fiction that indulges in an intensely close, even fetishistic extension of all the hints and details given in the original film, but misses the forest for the trees.
From its isolated icy setting to its chilling premise and heart-pumping execution, this prelude to John Carpenter's 1982 classic sci-fi horror film of the same name is a ripper
It's easy enough to sit through, it'll be even easier to forget in a few weeks.
The Thing's nondescript title once represented the fear of the unknown, but for the contemporary rehash, it's an indication of a generic, lifeless 100 minutes.
Succeeds as a fan-pleasing showcase for gruesome human/monster shapeshifting and other digital horror effects.
Almost liked it!
The Thing definitely owes a lot to John Carpenter's 1982 cult classic but as a whole, it is a pretty darned good little shocker.
Still can raise enough scares with its twists and turns to be surprisingly entertaining
While it doesn't spoil the legacy of John Carpenter's film, it doesn't exactly add much to it either.
Hopefully we'll never tire of the visual splendour inherent in seeing human faces tear themselves apart.
It feels like a prequel/homage/remake of the first two films all rolled into a kind of fleshy burrito that throbs.
Laughable dialogue and the CGI-generated monster get in the way of the scares.
It's a requel (prequel + remake). Same pattern, different characters. Unfortunately, it doesn't do anything better than John Carpenter's vision.
Debut director Matthijs van Heijningen's update of the previously twice-made "Thing" horror movies is a completely respectable effort in spite of everything you've heard or read otherwise.
We've seen it all before, only now the goop is computer generated.
For all that digital technology has given us over the last 30 years, Rob Bottin's slippery and textured practical effects in the 1982 version were far creepier.
This new endeavor is, like many prequels, a movie that adds little to the conversation, filling in details that audiences frankly didn't care to discover.
doesn't score any points for originality or improvement, but it is surprisingly deft in maintaining what already works while adding in a few new twists and not making the mistake of trying to explain that which is best left mysterious
Frigid and frightful, it becomes increasingly inconsistent, incoherent and, therefore, unbelievable.
Nowhere close to the caliber of Carpenter's version, but visually stimulating, creepy and well paced enough to get your heart pumping.
The film is little more than the world's most expensive piece of mediocre fan fiction
Prequel or not ... it's the worst sci-fi redo since Tobe Hooper's 'Invaders from Mars' ... just sort of sits there, like a steaming alien carcass.
The film is not so much badly made as it is just uninspired and brings nothing new or clever to the table. It's bland and that's pretty deadly for a sci-fi, horror thriller.
an exercise is side-long suspicious glances, ooey-gooey alien-human interaction, and idle speculation by the audience about how people can survive running around the Antarctic cold without wearing anything to prevent cranial heat loss
If ever anyone needed evidence that Carpenter's 1982 movie is the definitive take on this story, the only one we'll ever need, this provides it.
It's a remake disguised as a prequel. A very good remake.
My best advice... is to not expect it to be as good as, or even close to, John Carpenter's film. To do so would leave you disappointed. And you'd be a fool.
The Thing is imaginatively splatter-y, which kept me hooked.
Comparisons to the '82 film aside, 2011's The Thing just isn't all that scary.
Eventually it runs out of steam, forgetting all about the paranoia theme and ignoring any other potentially interesting themes.
The line between homage and apery is a fine one, and The Thing teeters on it at times.
Just make sure you stick around for the closing credits. The images and sounds should send chills down the spine of anyone who holds Carpenter's film in high regard.
"It's big on the grotesquery but short on genuine scares."
It's not rocket science, but The Thing does offer solid cheap thrills for the slick gore crowd, proving once again: Horror doesn't have to be horrible.
John Carpenter should approve of this reasonably respectful and tough-minded prequel to his 1982 The Thing.
It's no great thing, just a better Thing than expected.
If a remake of The Thing (actually a prequel of the remake) is inevitable, this one is entertaining enough and certainly could have turned out worse.
Seeks to piggyback on John Carpenter's 1982 horror pic of the same name, but the remake/prequel doesn't have the wit or the know-how to carry it off.
The simple fact is that what happens in the Norwegian camp is exactly, precisely what happens in the American camp, and the prequel ultimately can't escape that reality.
What was most enjoyable about The Thing for a movie dork like me was looking out for the ways the 2011 and 1982 versions overlapped.
It's the horror equivalent of one of those cheap, straight-to-video animated sequels that Disney's always putting out: same title, same story, none of the inspiration.
Some 'things' should be left alone.
By abandoning the "whose the alien" tension and drama of the original (the 1982 film) for more of a monster movie feel The Thing simultaneously saves itself and disappoints.
The Thing becomes its own beast; a thawed out creature from the past desperately trying to survive by imitating those that melted it down in the first place for their own selfish path to fame and fortune.
Horror prequel won't be the next big 'Thing'.
There is absolutely nothing in this prequel/remake that improves on the first film or negates it in any way.
Some of the [monster] attacks are well-staged, but because we're not at all invested in the characters' survival, there's little tension or sense of danger to keep us on the edge of our seats.
It's sad that in 2011, CGI transformation effects pale in comparison to the brilliant creature make-up effects of John Carpenter's 1982 masterpiece.
The geographical isolation still produces shivers, but the repeated motif no longer resonates.
Once one has gotten over the shock value of the gory visuals, the result is a fairly humdrum and less than engaging experience. (Movie Review for Parents also available)
In terms of scares, this old-fashioned "Thing" is better than most new things.
This movie is basically a sno-cone "Alien" or "Predator" and we've seen nearly a dozen of those.
Here's the thing about the new "The Thing." It isn't as satisfying as the old "The Thing." And it's nowhere near as enthralling as the vintage "Thing," which inspired every other "Thing" to follow.
Like its alien star, the new "The Thing" mimics its prey slavishly - yet still can't quite reproduce its spark of life.
Blame it on the script? Blame it on the CGI? Blame it on the director? I can't pinpoint what is to blame, but 'The Thing' should've remained buried in 1982.
They want to make the movie into some sort of psychological thriller, but all of that takes a back seat to trying to set the alien on fire with a flamethrower
A satisfyingly tense desert-island thriller -- just without the desert island
Hell actually does freeze over.
Sure, this Thing still has its moments, but they're nothing compared to that Thing.
For a movie about a group of scientists fighting for their lives, "The Thing" is totally mindless.
It's frustrating to see talent, money and time poured into a project that's just a pale, pointless imitation of something that's already perfectly great on its own.
It's not a prequel as much as it is a lamprey, trying its best to nuzzle up to greatness.
The Thing brings no shame to the franchise, but it doesn't build on it much, either.
If 2011's "The Thing" is not quite 1982's equal, the distance in quality between the two is closer than one has any right to be expecting.
A third-rate knockoff, lacking either the Cold War paranoia of the first film or the grim post-Vietnam and Watergate mentality of Carpenter's visually blistering remake.
Like the creature of the title, it offers us a juiced-up but inadequate copy.
All of the blanks that your mind filled in 25 years ago are now fleshed out, made literal, and kinda dull.
Like The Thing itself, the film seeks to ape the form and behavior of something genuine, but you don't need a fancy test to tell that this is a shoddy replica.
Van Heijningen is clearly a fan who approached this project with due respect. If only he'd had enough respect not to make it in the first place.
Where the earlier film pulsed with precisely calibrated paranoia and distinctly drawn characters, this inarticulate replay unfolds as mechanistically as a video game.
Part horror film, part space thriller and all gore-fest, the movie ends up being a lot like its protagonist: a mess of a monster that stretches itself too thin to scare much.
A little gorier and not as fun as the 1982 version,...
It's an imperfect facsimile, guilty of borrowing too many ideas from the earlier film, and then executing them with differing results.
One gut-busting death after another, terror giving way to tedium.
Obviously and sometimes ploddingly directed by first timer Matthijs van Heijningen Jr., "The Thing" is also sloppy with its plot mechanics.
A prequel to a remake, the latest Thing may be set in a very cold climate but it's far from chilling.
A lowered set of expectations will be required, however, lest you fall into its often dull diversions
Not as good as either of the previous Things, but it cobbles together the best elements of each.
First, you should watch 1982's "The Thing," which is still one of the most suspenseful and frightening movies ever made. Then, the new version is worth checking out, too.
This latest version of The Thing raises one immediate question: Why?
Dutch director Matthijs van Heijningen and company deliver lean suspense, and they update the Carpenter crew's gnarly alien-shapeshifter effects skillfully enough to remind us why the concept captures geek imaginations.
Comes from a world where everything needs to be explained in meticulous, knowing detail.
The problem with the new film is that rather than explore the story from a fresh angle, it follows, virtually beat by beat, the events of the Carpenter film.
Don't let the title fool you. "The Thing" is not about the orange-colored, rhinoceros-skinned mutant member of the Fantastic Four. If only.
Solves the mystery of what happened to the Norwegian research team that was all but wiped out at the beginning of The Thing.
It's very "Alien," and Winstead should send a thank-you note to Sigourney Weaver. But maybe not to her own agent. She needs a rom-com.
It would be far too easy to compare the movie to the imitative qualities of the titular creature, so we'll just leave it at the suggestion.
It may not be a remake, but The Thing is certainly a rip-off.
As monster movies go, however, this one is better than the drivel we are normally subjected to and, by taking itself seriously (rather than adding comedic punctuation), it allows for tension and scares.
The ability to generate real, nail-biting suspense with this story, and the thrill of it all, has dissipated tremendously in the years since Carpenter and company first blew filmgoers' collective minds.
Aside from the fine anchoring work taken on by Winstead and Edgerton, the standout aspect of The Thing is its wide array of forcefully frightening special effects.
There was not very much subtlety at all. I thought those fine Scandinavian actors looked distinctly uncomfortable and it wasn't because of the Thing.
This modern take on THE THING still conjures up much of what made John Carpenter's classic stand out.
The new Thing, helmed by first-timer Matthijs van Heijningen, nods deferentially to John Carpenter's still-scary cult film while displaying little comprehension of what made it work.
As overrun with special effects as its predecessor, this sequel (disguised as a prequel) is also every bit as creepy.
[Winstead] explains what the alien can do so many times it's surprising the monster doesn't speak up and say, 'They get it!'
The Thing maintains a sideline interest in suspense but no real devotion to prolonging it.
It's a series of "Boo!" moments that add up to less and less as director Matthijs van Heijningen Jr. piles on more and more of them.
An entertaining, well-acted oozefest.
It's full of chills and thrills and isolated Antarctic atmosphere and terrific Hieronymus Bosch creature effects, and if it winks genially at the plot twists of Carpenter's film, it never feels even a little like some kind of inside joke.
A mostly dim-witted and unnecessary reboot of the 1982 film, from which the main character seems to have learned everything she knows.
After the gradual build-up, for which director Heijningen relies more on inevitability rather than any demonstrable skill at generating genuine suspense, the payoff seems rote and completely out of step with everything that's come before.
For a film that takes place in such a cold locale, it all feels awfully warmed-over.
This version of "The Thing," directed by Matthijs van Heijningen Jr., provides such graphic and detailed views of the creature that we are essentially reduced to looking at special effects, and being aware that we are.
What elevates this above your average thriller is the rational manner in which the characters act.
Carpenter's film is scary. This film is just loud.
Feels a little redundant and predetermined, but its respectful tone and efficient professionalism place it at a higher level than most horror remakes.
This prequel to Carpenter film deserves some credit for trying to update the 1982 classic with new ideas, but ultimately it's disappointing due to the disproportion between the underwhelming narrative and the overwhelming effects.
Van Heijningen does a fine job recreating the look and tone of Carpenter's film, and there's enough alien-infested craziness to keep this prequel entertaining.
At the end of the day, The Thing is a rather average movie that does enjoy a few moments of greatness but ultimately leaves no lasting impression on you by the time the credits start rolling.
This incarnation of The Thing is much like the creature it depicts: An insidious, defective mimic of the real, er, thing. It's not an entirely lost cause, but it is a needless one.
Everything that was great about the 1982 version is ignored in this 2011 crap that's nothing more than a boring CGI promo-reel.
Much of this is just second-verse-same-as-the-first reiterations of material from the Carpenter version-similar set and creature design, similar shots of snowy wastes and gruesome transformations.
plenty to entertain current horror fans, and maybe even send them back to Things past.
It lacks any sense of warmth. Which might be an odd criticism of a horror movie set in Antarctica, but there you have it.
How can you dial up the bone-deep terror that comes from failure of faith in the humanity of your friends and colleagues if you never distinguish real from cardboard people?
Van Heijningen does a pretty good job with the tried and true material, building up the suspense and claustrophobia very effectively and managing a couple of genuinely startling shock moments. But the last third of the film is a bit of a letdown.
Watching this made me want to revisit both of the predecessors, which is a indeed a compliment.
The filmmakers were so concerned about disappointing fans of the original that they failed to do anything all their own. Just watch the original and see how it should be done.
Brings nothing new to the table besides unnecessary explanation and an abundance of iffy CGI, muting the terror potential by playing everything obvious and lifeless. The new Thing is nothing like the old Thing.
A decent cast and a pristine glacial setting are wasted on a movie of alien transmutations and alien dissections that lacks urgency, or even a sense that's its very cold in Antarctica.
A disappointing effort for fans of the original, this fails to find the balance between paying homage to its predecessor and carving out its own story.
Relying almost entirely on special effects for the few scares it does have, it's the kind of uninspired remake that kills franchises stone dead.
The Thing passes the reboot/prequel 'blood test' - as in, it's worthy enough to not have to incinerate with a flame-thrower - but, as you'd expect, it's far from an improvement on what has come before.
While it doesn't hold a flamethrower to the 1982 cult classic, The Thing prequel is itself a genuinely frightening and horrific monster movie.
While strong arguments can be made for why both the 1951 and the 1982 films could be considered the best of the bunch, the 2011 one is not a contender. However, there is still much to admire about it.

@highlight

It serves the bare serviceable minimum for a horror flick, but The Thing is all boo-scares and a slave to the far superior John Carpenter version.