It makes you think that the previous movies, or the first three really great ones, were all just a fluke.
The action is spectacular but it's incoherently directed, so often you can't tell who's smashing what lorry/jeep/helicopter into what, let alone why.
It is, for anyone who loved the original films, an abomination.
John McClane turns out to be such an annoying, bullying dad that as comedian Chris Rock might phrase it, 'I'm not saying his son Jack should shoot him ... but I'd understand.'
Take this one with a chaser of your favorite "Die Hard" memories and hope that the series goes out on a higher note. John McClane deserves better.
When did John McClane become such a dick?
John McClane is listed as the character Willis plays in this movie, but the John McClane I've grown to love over the years is no where to be found.
This is the fifth and least of the Die Hard movies.
We'd all be better served if Die Hard would simply die already.
The final nail in the coffin for John McClane...
Don't let the title fool you. This should have starred Steven Seagal and gone straight to DVD.
The international location, political intrigue and 007 flourishes in [the] score all suggest a fundamental shift in the series-or ... a passing of the torch to McClane Jr.
This is clearly the worst entry in the franchise, a movie so lazy and dull that if you simply took the Die Hard out of the name, it might as well be Mercury Rising.
Once blithely acceptable as American id, McClane's become the archetypal American idiot. [Blu-ray]
A Good Day to Die Hard is the worst Die Hard yet; substituting loud, noisy and sloppily-filmed action for what used to be one of Bruce Willis' more entertaining roles.
This new entry to the Die Hard series features a seriously underdeveloped plot held together by stunt sequences that are as overblown as they are ridiculous.
The score by Marco Beltrami might suggest a mission impossible, but the movie's reality is more like a poor man's Wile E. Coyote-Road Runner cartoon...
A Good Day to Die Hard isn't just half-boring and indifferently made; at its worst, it's downright dispiriting.
Empty, ugly and dumb, a grim and cynical exercise in death and destruction.
The story devolves into little more than mindless action sequences in which the trills are cheap and the production values even cheaper.
There was something in the pre - CGI days that made McClane's character more vulnerable...and fun.
Undeniably entertaining action-movie franchise fodder [but] had the producers [made] Mary Elizabeth Winstead the film's other action hero rather than going with the convention of casting yet another male, Die Hard 5 would have been awesome.
A perfectly fine collection of ridiculous stunts and gratuitous explosions ruined by the addition of nonsensical plot and acting that appears to be submerged beneath weapons-grade painkillers.
When a Die Hard movie doesn't have a single well-staged action sequence, you know something went badly wrong.
Sees both franchise and character transformed into tragically unimaginative, cacophonously violent and embarrassingly unfunny shadows of their once great former selves.
Gone is the vulnerable, smart and resourceful hero of the original. He has instead been replaced by an unstoppable killing machine who - like a pull-string toy - sprouts irrelevant catch phrases like 'I'm on vacation!' in the middle of a fire fight.
You know you're in trouble when an action film opens in Moscow showing a Russian criminal being held prisoner in a cell playing chess by himself. This is the kind of obvious cheesy badly scripted trope A Good Day to Die Hard is rampantly infected with.
Pushes the series deep into the trash heap
Remember those Mr Magoo cartoons where the doddery old bald guy would blunder around various locations, leaving chaos in his wake while constantly insisting "I'm on vacation"?
It would be a shame if this is John McClane's final bow, but on the strength of this effort, maybe it's time for him to hang up the machine gun.
Bruce Willis looked pretty tired by the end of the film. I know how he felt.
The Nakatomi Plaza has never felt so far away. Die Hard is my favourite film. I only attended AGDTDH as a sombre obligation; like a relative being asked to identify a corpse.
Yippee-ki-NAY
It's a shame John McClane - one of cinema's iconic characters - has to go out with a whimper. His creators and handlers just didn't know how to close the book
Excess and action supersede story ...It's a pity it's not such a good day after all
The Big Whocares-ski.
If only the people in charge had simply not involved Willis in it, not decided to call it a Die Hard movie, not set up my hopes for something more than gut-level, oomph-ish satisfaction, I wouldn't have felt so empty and disappointed when it was over.
The fact that A Good Day to Die Hard returns the Die Hard series to its R-rated roots doesn't change the fact that this latest entry is pretty dire.
The desecration of the Die Hard series continues with this shockingly underwhelming entry...
Loud with nothing to say, "Good Day" joins recent duds from Sylvester Stallone and Arnold Schwarzenegger in a trifecta of pointless wallows in '80s action nostalgia.
There is plenty of action in this film, but the characters are a bit sketchy. There is so much backstabbing and doublecrossing that you tend to lose patience with the story.
'Do you know what I hate about the Americans? Everything.' The fifth 'Die Hard' movie offers no evidence to dispute this Russian villain's opinion, as arrogant John McClane does more damage to the former Soviet republic than a hailstorm of meteorites.
Willis appears to be doing little more than going through the motions, and the character is so gutted and generic at this point that virtually any other action caricature could be inserted into the script with virtually no effect on the film
One of the great action franchises in movie history not only delivers its first bomb, it puts a crater in the franchise so large I fear it can't be rebuilt.
O diretor John Moore retorna ao trabalho depois de um hiato de cinco anos para confirmar toda a incompetência demonstrada em Max Payne.
Another day, another "Die Hard"
Unquestionably the worst entry of the once-great action franchise and, worse, totally drained of the vital spirit, charm and meticulous smarts that made the original movie such a breath of fresh air.
has charm and promises more from the new filmmaker
It wants to have it both ways, mixing the aesthetics of the '80s and the '10s together, and this does not work.
This would be a good day to kill this franchise for ever.
Willis is still fine but the script and directing make this "a bad day to die hard."
An implausible, action adventure featuring a couple of bomb and bulletproof protagonists more resilient than Wile E. Coyote, thanks to the miracle of cartoon physics!
One Russian bad guy actually and unintentionally sums up the movie and its makers: "You guys, so arrogant. It's not 1986, you know." Or even 1988, when Die Hard was a fresh take on action flicks.
It's a decent action flick, but change a few characters' names and it's barely recognizable as a Die Hard movie.
A dumb, noisy generic actioner that someone copied and pasted John McClane into to make a buck. Fans of the Die Hard franchise have every right to be insulted as should any movie lover with half a brain.
What a disappointment.
Director John Moore, the anonymous hack at the helm, stages car chases and gun fights with messy imprecision.
I had a decent time but I'm hoping next time we get a little bit of that old reliable John McClane back... and yes, I hope there is a next time.
But then that's part of the problem, "AGDTDH" is all "wham-bam" and no "thank you, ma'am."
It's woeful stuff.
The poorest in the series, just one long, loud, violent, at times stupefyingly silly chase around Moscow.
It's fun for a while before it runs out of gas, sort of like the franchise as a whole.
When they're not leaping off buildings in slow motion, Willis and Courtney trade the odd snarled insult or grudging endearment, but there isn't a line that lingers.
Action packed but expectedly ridiculous.
Unbelievably, this great character has made a complete transformation from a likable, sympathetic Everyman in 1988 to an arrogant, insufferable jerk in 2013.
A good day - it isn't. To quote John McClane: "Something stinks."
Over the course of 25 years and four ensuing movies, we've gone from mild eye-rolling to goggling incredulity.
The Moore is less approach announced itself early in an excruciatingly uninventive car chase and then reaffirmed itself with a supreme lack of humor that permeated almost every scene.
It was exactly what I expected from a fifth installment of a 25-year-old franchise that was released in February when all the other films dropped in the summer.
doesn't stint on mayhem and havoc, though even a spectacular helicopter stand-off has a curious world-weariness about it that undercuts any sense of suspense
A Good Day to Die Hard is the Superman IV: The Quest for Peace of the Die Hard series. It is Jaws: The Revenge, The Next Karate Kid, and that movie where Jason Voorhees kills people in a spaceship.
At this stage in the franchise, the best thing to be said about the Die Hard sequels is that they come up with cool titles.
To add your own entertainment value, one game you can play during the film is to guess how many minutes will have gone by before Willis ends up with a single mark on his white top.
To call the film perfunctory would be to insult properly perfunctory events, such as that visit to your least-favourite uncle.
When I described Sylvester Stallone's Bullet to the Head as cartoonish, I hadn't seen A Good Day to Die Hard.
It is not (Bruce Willis') fault he has grown more than a tad too old to play John McClane (for the 5th time since 1988), but he can be blamed for signing on to such a script-shallow, decibel-deafening blast-fest.
Forget dialogue, character development, or logic, A Good Day to Die Hard is a bad day at the movies for anyone but the biggest Die Hard fans.
I didn't think it was physically possible to doze off at a movie as loud as A Good Day to Die Hard, but for a few moments my mind found some distant, peaceful refuge.
And having spent all these words ragging on the film, I will continue to semi-recommend it anyway. Why? Well, I happen to like big dumb action, and as long as that's all you're expecting, that is a thing that you shall receive.
The poster-child for the big, dumb action movie, but Bruce Willis as John McClane makes everything better.
Yes, it's a brain drain of a film, but its go-for-broke zeal is contagious and fun, mindless or otherwise.
Many critics have already determined that this Die Hard is a bad day at the cinema. For me, like so many modern action films, if you leave your brain at the door, you may leave Russia with love.
Suspension of reality is a must. But that's Die Hard, and this Die Hard die hard fans won't love but won't hate either.
Willis is squint-eyed and angry throughout the movie, and not just because he's as old as he is, yet still feels the financial need to keep making these movies.
Action-junkies' delight: blazing bullets, car crashes, perpetual motion. What, you were expecting dialogue and plot?
Don't be dismayed, Die Hard fans. The problem is with the movie, not yourselves.
Willis has hinted that a sixth Die Hard movie is already in the works - the good news is, the series can only go up from here.
Loud, insultingly low-concept, and irony-free... today may be the perfect day to take Die Hard out back and put a bullet in its head.
(T)his is Die Hard by the numbers, and said digits just don't add up.
There really is no point in looking for logic in a fifth Die Hard movie; these films have become a parody of themselves, wallowing in their inane action set pieces and sassy one-liners without much concern for plot or coherence.
The well has certainly dried up for the Die Hard franchise.
It's great to see Willis back in the role that suits him most.
On any serious level, it's deplorable, but it's so macho a vision of old age that it becomes quaintly enjoyable.
Let's just say it might be A Good Moment To Call It A Day.
Eliminates the need for McClane to do anything except shoot guns, look pissed and spout reductive one-liners.
"Good Day" is action-packed, but not in a good way.
It ain't perfect, but it sure finds a way to get the job done.
It's all more than a little silly, but Willis' presence at least provides undercurrents of easy jocularity.
Discredit goes to writer Skip Woods, whose first name suggests what you can do with this garbage.
The dialogue in Good Day is painfully awkward, and before you say, "No one goes to a Die Hard movie for the dialogue," let me say that I agree. But you have not heard how bad this dialogue is.
Director John Moore demolishes with all the rage of a petulant toddler and none of the panache of, say, Godzilla.
Although he can still kick it into gear when the situation demands it, it's not entirely clear if it's McClane, Willis, or maybe the franchise itself that's barely mustering up the strength to carry on.
There's nothing unifying A Good Day To Die Hard on a cinematic level besides the fact that every single scene, taken individually, sucks.
All concerned should be dropped from the 30th floor of a high rise.
For anyone who remembers the "Die Hard" adventures at their vital and exciting best, this film feels like a near-death experience.
Bad acting and stiff dialogue rear their ugly head in the opening scene and just douse the movie in their thick juices repeatedly until it ends.
A disappointment on all levels...marked by deafening shootouts, car chases and explosions.
This is not the Die Hard you're looking for.
Few fans of the series would disagree that this sclerotic fifth installment should probably be the last.
This is the Magpie School of action filmmaking: Anytime things start to make so little sense that you might lose the audience, just throw something shiny up on screen to distract.
The Bowfinger parody of itself.
If the first film was a finely tuned machine, this one's a great big ugly Mack truck of shooting and exploding and yelling, all shakycams and quick cuts and incomprehensible action blocking.
A Good Day To Die Hard is a movie for people who like blowin' stuff up, evidently a favorite pastime of director John Moore, whose action scenes make about as much sense as his script, which was likely written on a cocktail napkin.
Die Hard 5 does at least feature the best villain in the franchise: director John Moore.
John's appeal was always his ordinariness, but director John Moore has him surviving more explosions than Wile E. Coyote, and with hardly a scratch.
John Moore seems to take all of our hopes for this out with an exciting-then-boring car chase that feels like it takes 40 minutes to complete.
It's never a good sign when you find yourself checking your watch in a movie. But it's far worse when you sneak a peek during a car chase scene.
Yippee-ki ... whatever.
It's fun, but ultimately inconsequential, and doesn't feel especially like a "Die Hard" movie
An explosive, high-capacity-clip letdown.
I guess the people making A Good Day to Die Hard don't understand that mortality is one of John McClane's most endearing qualities. Turning him into a cyborg with a sense of self-deprecating humor makes this a low point in the series' history.
The title A Good Day to Die Hard is not just a name, it's a proclamation that this series is now ready for the graveyard.
John McClean goes to Chernobyl. That's where we're at. Chernobyl.
It may be time to put the "Die Hard" series to rest. Of course, the box office for "A Good Day to Die Hard" may tell a different story. Suffice it to say that the fifth film in the series is the weakest of the bunch.
All Die Hard movies lack sense -- that's a given. This one lacks personality. And that's unforgivable.
Unnecessary but not unwatchable, this maintains a brisk pace as it moves through the familiar action set pieces, most of them decently orchestrated.
If there's something crassly opportunistic about exploiting a real life disaster on the scale of Chernobyl for cheap thrills, that's part and parcel of the film's cynicism.
20th Century Fox has no one to blame but itself for this stinker.
Hands down the weakest entry in the series... incredibly generic in just about every way.
John McClane is easily one of the big screen's most beloved heroes, but retrofitting him with modern sensibilities just doesn't work.
Every action scene is telegraphed, and most of the dialogue is irrevocably stupid.
Easily the worst of the series- by a long shot. Makes LIVE FREE OR DIE HARD look like a classic.
This series needs to die here. That would be something to "Yippee Ki-Yay" about.
Does this movie even have a writer?
That this utterly disposable, entirely generic piece of action movie mayhem is allowed to advertise itself under the Die Hard banner is a travesty.
Pretty much three well-staged action sequences strung together with the dumbest imaginable connective tissue.
A quarter-century after it began, A Good Day to Die Hard continues the franchise without undue embarrassment.
A movie like A Good Day to Die Hard ought to either hire someone who can write catchy dialogue and at least superficially plausible characters or just let the real artists, the stuntmen, run the whole picture. No Humans Allowed.
Time to hang it up, guys ...
This is the first Die Hard movie to run well under two hours (the incomprehensible final 30 minutes have been so furiously chopped, they deserve their own show on the Food Network).
Forget what you know about the earlier "Die Hard" films. This 'Good Day' is not the "Die Hard," nor the John McClane that we've come to know.
It took 25 years, but with the fifth and latest entry, "A Good Day to Die Hard," the series has finally devolved into joyless sludge.
At this point, "Die Hard" no longer describes the franchise. It describes the fans who are still willing to turn out for the noise and nonsense.
Willis and Courtney make a strong match, believable both as fractious family members and also as sarcastic adversaries forced by circumstances to work together.
A bombastic onslaught of smashed-up machinery and king-sized explosions that adequately sates your neanderthalic needs.
This insultingly slap-dash sequel has as little relation to the original "Die Hard" as it does to logic and narrative coherence.
Tired, monotonous, and generally unnecessary."
Different title, same story.
... The plot resembles a weak episode of "24," complete with a series of twists involving characters so under-developed that the double-crosses barely even register.
Both assaultive and tiresome, "A Good Day to Die Hard" barely registers on the action movie Richter scale. It goes bang, it goes boom, and then it blessedly goes away.
Good Day in a nutshell? Father-son bonding with heavy artillery, a lot of big bangs, a triple-figure body count and little else.
Easily the worst and most ridiculous of the "Die Hard" films, but one that still fills the audience need for gunplay, explosions, a chatty villain, heavy machinery, wisecracks and an indestructible Willis with can-you-believe-this? excess.
As workmanlike as men in fluorescent tabards repainting the white lines on the North Circular on a wet Tuesday.
Any remaining good faith in the franchise is now lost. Bruce's threatened sixth outing must surely be a bridge too far now.
Aside from the stunt team and the over-caffeinated editors, nobody appears interested in making this what it should be: a major movie event.
Watchable, decently paced action flick, enlivened by strong performances from both Willis and Courtney and some impressive stunt work ...
It's as predictable as Christmas and, if you are in the mood, as enjoyable.
I don't think it knows where it's going. I'm not even sure it cares.
Overall, this is a bad day that you'd rather forget.
A Good Day to Die Hard wants to be a movie about family values - a father and son, bonding over bullets and bombs - but it's really just about the value of a box-office franchise, and its value is on the wane.
It seems like every 15 minutes, somebody the McClanes think was a friend points a gun at them, which makes for some confused plotting.
Until now, the sequels have gotten away with the cynical franchising of John McClane, but A Good Day To Die Hard, the worst entry in the series by far, exposes the hollowness and stupidity of McClane 2.0.
McClane has been stripped of any real traces of an actual three-dimensional character. We feel as if we're watching Bruce Willis in a Bruce Willis movie in which Bruce Willis can survive anything while taking out the villains, video-game style.
No one expects Good Day to replicate the excitement of the original Die Hard, but this assembly-line product doesn't even live up to its immediate predecessor.
Everything about A Good Day to Die Hard, from the gratuitously destructive car chases to the obligatory series in-jokes to Bruce Willis's weary, half-hearted central turn, feels like an obligation.
Yippee Ki-Yuck.
Even though the ride finally stalls, A Good Day To Die Hard has been thrustingly outrageous enough in its earlier moments to coast to the finish line on momentum.
There is no denying that this is one Hollywood property that has run out of steam. It's not so much a good day to die hard, as it is a good day to retire this franchise. (Full Content Review for Parents also available)
To say this is the worst of the series doesn't give its unique level of awfulness justice. That's largely because the franchise hasn't had a stinker up to this point, but this is the 'Rocky V' of the beloved franchise and it reeks.
It's probably a good day to end the series at last, but it's an action-packed and entertaining finale.
Chases. Explosions. Guns. Crashes. Wisecracks. Punches.
This 97-minute piffle may run a full half-hour shorter than its predecessors, but it is so dull and lacking in creativity and tension that it feels like the longest one.
The noisiest, silliest, and lousiest entry in the action franchise that began 25 years ago.
John McClane's latest outing delivers everything you should expect from the minds responsible for tripe like Max Payne and X-Men Origins: Wolverine.
A bazillion shots are fired, a gazillion vehicles and buildings are blown up. Oops: sorry! Did I forget to say "SPOILER ALERT"?
No two viewers will assemble the same narrative from this Rorschach of running men, crashing glass, and hollered exposition.
Starts off with the right idea but undermines itself with an almost non-existent storyline, interminable padding, indestructible good guys and genuine insults to the audience's intelligence.
Even taken at face value as a stand-alone film, unconnected to a franchise, A Good Day To Die Hard just plain doesn't work.
While it may not be time for McClane to hang up his vest just yet, the formula is starting to seem tired, and it feels like the end might be approaching for this particular franchise.
Of course we all want a good dose of destruction especially in the aftermath of Valentine's Day, but the slam-bang demolition orchestrated here, though rambunctious enough, seems run-of-the-mill.
The plot -- which takes a while to get going, not in terms of action but in creating interest -- is a series of long, violent set-pieces.
One continues to long for the days when McClane was just a cop on vacation and his smirk was just one of his weapons and not the entire arsenal.
Obnoxious, over the top and often dull.
Not a good day exactly, but not a goodnight to Die Hard either.
It plunges to the depths of "Superman IV," "Death Wish V" and other sorry sequels that now exist today largely as the least-played discs in Blu-Ray box sets.
As the series gets longer and our hero gets older, the action only gets louder and the hair-raising situations become more unbelievable.
A Good Day to Die Hard isn't just the weakest of the Die Hard pictures; it's a lousy action movie on its own terms.
Give Courtney the lead role in a spin-off and call it a good day to wrap up.
While the first Die Hard was a Swiss watch of precise plotting and layered character development - the next three installments could, at least, tell time - A Good Day to Die Hard makes lots of noise but little sense.
Nobody goes to a movie in this franchise expecting an exercise in intelligence, but even the most die-hard fans will have a difficult time swallowing [this] entry...which falls into the depths of dumbness at the very start and goes downhill from there.
True, a lot of stuff gets blown up and stunts that must have cost the Earth appear with startling regularity, but the sense of exhilaration and fun that marked the best of the series has gone unaccountably AWOL.
A poor excuse to Die Hard.
With little going for A Good Day to Die Hard in any aspect really, it's certainly a disappointing addition to the Die Hard franchise
A Good Day To Die Hard is an ugly, crass and uncomfortably mean-spirited sequel that bears no resemblance to its predecessors.
Whatever future this series may have, A Good Day to Die Hard is its current nadir.
Those going to see the latest John McClane movie (the 5th), expecting another smart and sassy Die Hard, instead get Transformers, Part 12.
...true to the series in one crucial way: its zen-like commitment to wanton chaos.
Twenty-five years after the original "Die Hard," John McClane may not have lost a step, but the franchise that features him sure has.
A good way to ruin the 'Die Hard' franchise. Terrible.
Generally speaking, the action elements aren't the problem here. They're certainly loud enough. It's the obligatory intra-family squabbling and preposterous plotting that threaten to derail this nonsensical sequel.
At 98 minutes, this is by far the shortest of the Die Hard films, the rest of which run more than two hours. But it ends not a moment too soon.
Frenetically directed by John Moore from a sketchy script by Skip Woods, A Good Day to Die Hard has the dubious distinction of making John McClane unlikeable. He's had some bad days in the past, but this one finally got him down.
A Good Day to Die Hard is pointless and joyless, a barrage of noise and chaos, an onslaught of destruction without the slightest mention of consequence.
Woods's screenplay doesn't even bother to make sense and telegraphs its blunders. It's a pile of cliched plot holes sauced with strained one liners.
If Harvard Business School wants to do a case study on how to debase a once-respected brand, they needn't look any further than the Die Hard movies.
Did we need another Die Hard? No. But as long as the action is this intense and superficially fun, then keep them coming.
Die Hard 5 leaves room for McClane to make a few jokes about his thinning hair and to rue that he wasn't a better father when his kids were growing up. Oh, boo-hoo. Now go kill some more scumbags.
It's "A Good Day to Die Hard," aka "We've Got No Story To Speak Of But We Do Have an Infinite Special Effects Budget and We're Not Afraid To Spend It."
Willis may not be the film's saving grace, but he is some kind of grace nonetheless, really the only thing in the movie.
This leaden flick is completely joyless.
While some of the sequels have been entertaining enough, "A Good Day to Die Hard" signals that it may be a better day for John McClane to retire.
Mr. Willis has said in interviews that he's open to a sixth "Die Hard" film. Next time, Bruce, please read the script.
Loud and tedious...not a decent villain or catchphrase in it.
To paraphrase a classic of Reagan-era cinema, "A Good Day to Die Hard" is a bad day to stop sniffing glue.
A wholly generic international actioner barely distinguished by the presence of Willis's banner hero.
Everything that made the first "Die Hard" memorable -- the nuances of character, the political subtext, the cowboy wit -- has been dumbed down or scrubbed away entirely.
A complete waste of time on every level. Loud, obnoxious, boring, cartoonish, morally reprehensible, and just plain stupid.
R.I.P. Die Hard franchise (1988-1995). We'll always have Nakatomi Plaza.
Continuity has become a thing of the past for the franchise, which would help itself by not continuing anymore.

@highlight

A Good Day to Die Hard is the weakest entry in a storied franchise, and not even Bruce Willis' smirking demeanor can enliven a cliched, uninspired script.