The story takes a path that is not surprising. What makes the film engaging is the route it takes to get there.
Plot complications lessen the movie, but intermittently it is genuinely moving.
There's an inevitability to the proceedings which turns out to be not so inevitable after all, particularly in the final act, when the seemingly one-note Shulem is given unexpected depth.
You can't get better than Israeli actress Yaron, who already triumphed as a married Hasidim in the heralded Israeli film, Fill the Void.
Religion both restricts and gives purpose to the people in Félix & Meira, an acutely observed and perfectly played slice of human drama set mostly in Montreal.
Giroux's touch is sometimes too gentle, though, and one wishes he would nudge these characters into more than knowing glances and meaningful silences.
Bittersweet tale of female empowerment about a sheltered young mother summoning the courage to leave her husband and their suffocating religious community.
Delicate, warm and worried, "Felix and Meira" is a coming-of-age film about two grown people stunted by social circumstance.
This is the sort of movie whose warmth toward its characters is contagious.
In spite of an extremely slim outline, Félix et Meira's essence and specificity make for something superior.
When is an image held for too long? At what point does a shot's duration outlast its emotional information? As ardent and earnest as it is, "Felix and Meira" is a test case.
The movie approaches this mutual attraction tentatively, much as the two characters do. And that's the problem with this well-meaning but ultimately hollow film romance: You don't see it; you don't get it.
Though it makes a few missteps in the final reel...overall a sensitive, small-scaled study of two people from very different backgrounds who find love despite all the obstacles society puts in their path.
There's a subtext to this love story that seems to say we're all islands, in one way or another.
While she skates to the edge of Indie quirk, Giroux also knows how to delight with unexpected observations, keeping things grounded with the three sensitive portrayals at the core of her film.
Inspecting sensitive areas of heartbreak and empowerment, Giroux finds an ideal way to capture the consequences of forbidden love, adding just the right amount of bittersweet to respect the moment.
Director Maxime Giroux gets good performances from leads Martin Dubreuil and Hadas Yaron...But the romantic mood is asked to cover for too much left unsaid, unasked, and undone.
"Felix and Meira" raises the question: Are we happiest with a twin spirit - or with a reverse image that completes the picture?
A no-heat "forbidden love" romance that doesn't so much end as peter out.
A viewer can be forgiven for violent eye-rolling.
The result is not the most explosive -- nor organic -- romance. Still, it swirls and settles in interesting ways.
[A] quiet, aching film ...
Giroux's refusal to pass judgment on his characters prevents us from doing so, and the film is much more powerful for it.
"Félix and Meira" appears to be a simple movie about fitting in, acceptance and sacrifice. Yet it's so elegant and poses many different sides that it's actually a very complex film with very complex characters.
It's always gratifying to see a movie in which an ostensibly closed-off community is depicted humanely rather than voyeuristically.
Luzer Twersky as Shulem, Meira's controlling husband, is a fine example of the film's willingness to extend empathy to all of its characters, and its refusal to pigeonhole them into a black and white moral landscape.
Giroux mistakes long, wordless scenes of characters gazing at each other for tenderness, but he imaginatively uses gospel music as the forbidden food of love ...
It may lack the heat of supposedly similar films about unlikely love, but that doesn't mean that it's short on romance. Felix and Meira's interactions are imbued with longing and desire that is impossible not be swept up in.
It tells a not-especially-interesting story about a not-especially-interesting couple from two different worlds that goes on and on before reaching its not-especially-interesting conclusion.
Felix and Meira makes fascinating observations on forbidden love and as well as on the Hasidic community. Although its pace is sometimes pokey, it's a movie offering nice rewards to the patient.
Director Maxime Giroux tells his tale in quiet, patient long takes that can be coolly serious at some times and disarmingly deadpan-funny at others.
This tenderly observed love story (by the director, Maxime Giroux) isn't about religion - or its lack - but about the attraction of difference and the undeniable need to feel alive.
What's missing here is the vitality and sense of release the couple's romance should bring. Felix and Meira continue to pine and mope; the movie mopes with them in exhausting, often awkwardly intrusive detail.
Félix & Meira eventually proves to have more in common with Fill The Void, and with Burshtein's effort to depict Orthodox Judaism as more than just a women's prison, than it had appeared.
A broadly moving portrait of the various roles that faith can play in a relationship.
Tender, heartfelt and exquisitely dull, the drama "Félix and Meira" illustrates the perils of trying to tell an emotional love story with meaningful stares and long pauses.
"Felix and Meira" is tender and sad, and wonderfully shot in snowy Quebec, but ultimately fails to connect. It's such a gentle whisper of a film, it's hard to hear what it wants to say.
Félix And Meira has the somber tone of a romance couched in painful sacrifice, but there's also sweetness and joy in Meira slowly emerging from her shell.
Giroux excels at implying his characters' internal processes.
Offers compassion over certainty, even when circumstances call for an all-or-nothing commitment to a happily ever after.
Maxime Giroux's sharp filmmaking instincts aren't always supported by similarly acute dramatic instincts.
Though set in present-day Montreal, this tender romance unfolds like an episode from another century, paying the sort of careful attention to social boundaries you'd expect to find in a classic forbidden-love novel.
Yaron is a luminous presence whose face is mesmerizing even if it isn't always readable.
In a strange way, Félix et Meira is so powerful precisely because it's so understated.
Fascinating tale of a secular Jew's attempt to get a Haredi wife to free herself from the confines of Orthodoxy.

@highlight

Félix &amp; Meira uses its simple structure and slight story as the setup for a sensitive, well-acted romance whose unusual specifics belie universal truths.