Clear your head of any awkward preconceptions and prepare for a wild emotional ride that takes you from the heights of amorous passion to the depths of despair, its terrific music serving as both hum-dinging entertainment and ultimately as healing force.
"The Broken Circle Breakdown" is a good movie, just not a great one.
A significant amount of redemption arrives in its final moments, which find a way to bind itself with the heart of the picture we've been observing for nearly two hours.
Constantly you worry that the movie will collapse under the strain of more raw emotions but it rarely falters and never lapses into the predictable or the sentimental.
Fragmented and raw. A wrenching drama.
More so than its music, Broken Circle's greatest merit are the compelling performances Van Groeningen cultivates from both his leads.
I wish the patience and grace of the director's techniques in the film's strongest non-musical moments were matched in his depictions of the amazing music on display.
It's a film about a couple whose tumultuous relationship is severely challenged, and the performances are excellent.
Where the Coen brothers gently mocked th[e] music in O Brother Where art Thou?, this plucky little Belgian film reconnects that music to the sorrows that produced it. Just brilliant.
There are plenty of touching, powerful moments in director Felix Van Groeningen's child-with-cancer drama...though [it's] somewhat laboured. The 2012 French film Declaration of War dealt with a similar topic in more lyrical, more affecting manner.
In spite of the bleak premise the film isn't an emotional force.
It is for most of its length a strong involving narrative with wonderful performances from the two leads, Heldenbergh and Baetens and a simply lovely one from young Nell Cattrysse.
Despite the miserable subject matter, writer-director Felix Van Groeningen manages to mostly strike the right chord, eschewing unchecked histrionics for honest, bittersweet emotion.
The juxtaposition of bluegrass music in this heavy-hitting drama about love and loss brings with it an unexpected and exquisite timbre. Take a tissue - this is an affecting film that touches the heart
A devastatingly sad movie that is beautifully constructed and performed.
"Broken Circle Breakdown" ends with a communal song in a confined space, not a dirge, but with hushed voices raised in envoi, and Groeningen's camera trickles down to pick out one last, final, lasting image. It all comes full circle.
It's a powerful film that builds to intense, overwhelming emotions with a very human core.
Sensibly written and thoughtfully directed, intuitively acted, bitter-sweet like Belgian chocolate, and propelled by incredible bluegrass music.
Electric sexiness and very modern motifs overlie a wonderfully old-fashioned melodrama... a highly gratifying one, if you enjoy a good ol' weep.
Raises itself far above its Lifetime Movie of the Week premise.
The Broken Circle Breakdown doesn't jerk tears. It attempts to extract them by using enhanced interrogation techniques.
The movie swings like a pendulum between elation and despair, with little time devoted to anything in between.
Groovy German bluegrass, if you can believe it.
Traditional bluegrass songs of loss and grief provide the inspiration and score for this innovative Belgian, Flemish-language musical drama.
It's the music that really brings Broken Circle to life, an excellent collection of old-timey country classics and originals that reconnects the broken bits of the story and resonates with its deepest emotions.
Breakdown gets the music right and has the benefit of strong acting, but its unapologetically melodramatic plot has a tendency to throw everything at you but the kitchen sink.
Invigorating musical elements and the lead actors' potent chemistry can't entirely protect this tragic relationship drama from its encroaching shortage of subtlety.
Breakdown's less convincingly scripted second half sputters more often than it shines.
A sure-fire, tear-jerking, audience pleaser, the engaging and moving Belgian film The Broken Circle Breakdown wears it heart resolutely on its sleeve, blending love, friendship, grief and drama with some romping and rousing bluegrass tunes.
It is at turns sweet, romantic, funny and heartbreaking. More than anything, though, it's just plain affecting, a profound tale of love, loss and -- in the end -- life, in all its bitter beauty.
Science-versus-religion debates don't usually feature music this good.
Uma daquelas obras que, por mais que eu tenha apreciado, sei que jamais voltarei a assistir - e isto é, acreditem, um elogio.
Bluegrass in Belgium? You bet.
The result is a film that's as tragic as a country tune.
All the cinematic extravagance is merely a cloak for what's essentially an overripe tearjerker.
The Broken Circle Breakdown is a very American romance. It is also a very European tragedy.
There is redemption in the chemistry between the two lead characters, their passions and complexity, as well as in the grace of the music as it is performed and how it is used.
The Broken Circle Breakdown manages to pull off a small miracle, using joyous music and tenderness to tell a tragic story that moves you but doesn't depress you
It's a tricky journey. What helps hold it together in addition to the music are the performances.
Heart-rending performances and a bittersweet soundtrack overcome some dramatic flaws in this effective tearjerker.
Despite its oft-putting grimness there were enough musical interludes, an homage to hillbilly American music, to keep me tuned in until its crowd pleasing conclusion.
Never underestimate the power of American roots music to seep into the consciousness of people all over the world.
This is a band you would pay to see on tour.
This film has some beautiful music and attractive actors, all trapped in an ugly plot.
A couple's struggle with grief after their six-year-old daughter is diagnosed with cancer.
The shuffled order and the external, passive treatment of the story doesn't seem very bluegrass.
...a difficult-to-watch yet thoroughly rewarding foreign drama.
It's the story of a young married couple undone by a family tragedy, but the film loses its way, at one point turning into a political harangue.
This is terribly sad stuff, and "The Broken Circle Breakdown" unapologetically explores melodrama; these characters experience big, dramatic emotions, and the movie rides on those waves.
The soundtrack is irresistible, the cast is enthralling and the passions are universal.
As "Broken Circle Breakdown" nears its conclusion, the minor inauthenticities pile up, and even the parts we initially believed in start to seem false.
A stunning, poignant feature that deals with troubling examples of mourning and fractured communication, yet holds as a vivid statement of love in all its forms.
Didier and Elise perform often, and the actors imbue their moments on stage with the ecstasy and passion of June and Johnny.
The leads give anguished but nuanced performances. Heldenbergh, in particular, is fantastic, playing his increasing yen for rants against politics and religion as an off-shoot of his helpless anger.
The Broken Circle Breakdown deftly juggles some heavy-duty themes: not just the crisis of cancer, parents faced with the possible loss of a child, but the eternal questions.
The first part is directed in the most conventional way. In the better second half, the Belgian leads dig deeply into their characters, sing bluegrass wonderfully."
Some moments of the movie might leave viewers feeling bereft or gut-punched, but the sublime sounds (along with the sweet and silly scenes of the pair falling in love) provide respites from the sorrow.
Wastes its potential for honest emotion with schmaltz, cheap shots, and clichés.
This movie about a Belgian bluegrass banjo-player and his family is filled with dazzling lyrical heights and deflating melodramatic lows.
A simple story of a young couple living in Ghent with a sweet daughter and a love of bluegrass, it's almost guaranteed to pluck at your heartstrings like an expert banjo player, until your eyes well up in sympathetic vibration.
A bittersweet, rustic-colored drama... Authentically moving and tender.
Touching if not always coherent, The Broken Circle Breakdown is a strange film but one worth watching.
For any viewer who, for one reason or another, has been shamefully ignorant of Belgian bluegrass, here is your opportunity to make amends.
When the band is onscreen, the film becomes alive, even as we know the misery the smiles are hiding and the pain that the harmonies seek to ease.
A bold, big-hearted Belgian drama about love and loss, The Broken Circle Breakdown is as full of joy and sorrow as any of the bluegrass ballads performed by its central couple.
This amazing Foreign Language submission from Belgium plays like "Once" with more passion, tragedy and invention.
This is a heavy film - too heavy, in parts; but if you can weather the roller-coaster ups and downs, there is much to commend in this unusual European melodrama.
An amazing film, at once happy, sad and exhilarating to watch. Told in an elegant pattern of present-day and flashbacks,full of music that suits every graceful shift in tone.
It's a rich, raw, heartache of a film, a beautifully composed, soul-stirring drama about love, family, sex, sorrow, faith, and music.
Like the characters it portrays, The Broken Circle Breakdown is a heartfelt but sloppy mess. Moving at times, but a mess nonetheless.
This Belgian drama is the real deal, an alternately wrenching and ecstatic viewing experience, adapted from a play by lead actor Johan Heldenbergh.
After a while, the temporal shuffling feels more programmatic than revelatory and increasingly false.
Like a great, sad bluegrass song, this is an affecting drama structured as a series of sense memories.
Forms an eloquent treaty on the spectrum of emotions that music has the power to convey.
The Broken Circle Breakdown has the feel of life as it's remembered-moments out of time tethered together by the feelings of those living them.
Tune up your banjos and break out the hankies.
Once viewers adjust to the cognitive dissonance between intense Flemish dialogue and English performances of country and bluegrass songs,The Broken Circle Breakdown is a film that will likely stick with them long after the credits roll.
A superb tearjerker, juxtaposing the inherent passion and sorrow of romance to masterful effect in between beautiful bluegrass ballads.
Both Baetens and Heldenbergh do their best to sell the story's ups and downs even when the narrative gets bogged down with science-versus-religion ranting, yet you're still left with a movie a little too reliant on playing clawhammer on your heartstrings.
The Broken Circle Breakdown holds you even as it flies off the tracks.
Felix Van Groeningen's film owes more than a debt to the unwieldy narrative schematics of Susanne Bier's narratives.
Belgium's Oscar entry is a shattering tale about the death of a six-year-old and its effects on family. Terrific bluegrass music.
Van Groeningen blends the happiness and tragedy of life like a master alchemist, using music as an emotional life-raft, which is just as well: the bleak final third will test the hardiest of souls.
A powerful and haunting tale of love, death and bluegrass - a mournful song played on a broken instrument, with striking visual accompaniment.
The bold editing and imaginative cinematography impresses throughout, but it's the soundtrack that proves to be The Broken Circle Breakdown's biggest asset ...
With a massive emotional kick, this Belgian drama combines exhilarating hopefulness with bitter realism.
I'm afraid I couldn't quite see past the oddness of its conceit: to redo Blue Valentine with songs.
Filled with heartfelt performances and the underlying Americana theme works beautifully.
This handsome Flemmish melodrama (with added bluegrass) falls apart during its anguished second half.
It adds up to feel-bad cinema at its most strangely cathartic. The structure keeps rescuing us from oblivion with joyful moments between every downward step.
Delivers romance that will lift your heart and tragedy that will bring tears to your eyes, underscored by a soundtrack that will most definitely stir your soul.
Heldenbergh and Baetens pull you in with committed performances -- their raw pain and grief is totally believable.
The Broken Circle Breakdown is an incredibly upsetting piece of cinema, and if you are to take one piece of advice on top of the need to see this movie - it's to pack tissues, and lots of them.
There's no escaping that the film will jerk tears, but it doesn't deserve the pejorative label that might suggest...Van Groeningen seems to innately understand that sorrow truthfully communicated and shared can be cathartic, rather than depressing.
The Broken Circle Breakdown is the cinematic equivalent of a great album that gets played at a funeral. Ultimately it's a celebration; but the heartbreaking melancholy of love and life lost bleeds out of every note.

@highlight

The Broken Circle Breakdown 's reach occasionally exceeds its grasp, but overall, it's an intoxicating, finely wrought romance -- and one with a terrific soundtrack to boot.