Aimed squarely at Twilight's teenage fans, this is about as subtle as a baseball bat to the head and only marginally more enjoyable.
Beastly isn't good but it's not nearly as awful as I expected.
So this isn't a great re-imagining of the classic fairy tale Beauty and the Beast, but Beastly does have mass tweener appeal.
Under-rated.
Daniel Barnz's movie certainly doesn't have any inner depth behind its slick surface, but Neil Patrick Harris's nifty wisecracks, Mary-Kate Olsen's spooky glares and the brisk pacing means that Beastly isn't quite as hideous as you might imagine
Hudgens is a likeable on-screen presence, Olsen a complete riot, and Pettyfer teases teeny bits of a performance as a genuinely unpleasant baddie that could be the making of him one day, should the right script come along.
Beauty and the blech.
... tone deaf (do students today really say "hurl chunks" and "Too cool for school"?), predictably plotted, filled with drippy love songs that would embarrass Bryan Ferry.
Some snappy pacing and hints of pain throbbing beneath the cool sarcasm of teens push much of Beastly past its skin-deep pandering to a teen demographic. Still, this 21st-century fairy tale doesn't wilt, but it's not quite refreshed, either.
It's basically programming a generation of young girls to yield to the will of a patriarchal society and grow up to become biddable Stepford Wives. This evil must be stopped.
Beauty And The Beast except with the lusty, gothic menace that makes that story interesting replaced by moany teenagers and crap acoustic guitar music. Or, in short, Dawson's Freak.
Undermines its central message about substance over style by sacrificing characterisation for glossy visuals.
Beastly doesn't quite cover it. Not even monstrous, gruesome or grotesque come close.
It's not nearly as bad as you've probably heard, thanks to a mercifully short running time and decent performances throughout, but a sloppy script denies Beastly the hormone-infused gravitas it desperately needs.
Beastly has some groan-inducing lines and acting to match.
Fails to convince on every level, thanks to an ironically charisma-free performance from Alex Pettyfer.
'Beastly' is a special brand of hogwash: a fairy tale that preaches inner beauty while refusing to obscure the looks of its doomed hero.
A tween-baiting update that sullies the elegant fairytale with privileged brats in penthouses. Beastly is a crass, spirit-sapping bore.
In every aspect, from story to tone to characterization to visual aesthetic, it's laughably perfunctory, as though everyone involved were too embarrassed to give it more than a half-ironic token effort.
Maybe the next time they tell this story it'll star the cast of Jersey Shore and The Garbage Pail Kids. Why shouldn't it?
Somewhere inside 'Beastly' is a gorgeous, intelligent film, straining to get out of a ridiculous subplot and dopey set-up.
Beneath it all, however, is a movie with a good heart.
"Beastly" is a poor representation of its source material and creates a monster out of it its inherent themes.
Undeveloped characters, undeveloped performances, undeveloped emotions and a mess of a script that could have benefited greatly from an extensive rewrite. Or at least some singing crockery.
A clueless, pointless inanity that's destined for the DVD discard bin, while Disney's 1991 'Beauty and the Beast' remains on the top shelf.
Another sad example of the Twilight effect.
... all strained wisecracks and moony teen angst ...
The one thing that I could call a high point is Neil Patrick Harris as Kyle's blind tutor.
Definitely appealing to teen girls, anyone else will only accompany them if they have true inner beauty.
Thoroughly solidifies the fact that CBS Films' head is firmly lodged up its cathode ray tube.
Worth getting excited for the fact that it rings in a brand new subgenre: the Post-Twilight Emo Fairy Tale. Excited? "Terrified", I meant to say.
This is Beauty and the Beast for the Twilight generation; they've paid for abs and sparkles, and they insist on getting their money's worth.
Disney did it better but this is an acceptable re-telling of the old Beauty and the Beast legend.
Beastly falls flat as a love story, and what we're left with are a few interesting ideas presented in the most patronizing way possible.
Beastly plays as an apologia for bad boys and the saintly girls who find them irresistible.
Stunningly bad.
Beastly starts off promising, but it turns ugly fast.
Beastly is such an excruciating morality play that it feels more like a punishment to the audience than the characters.
Lackluster romance is heavy on lessons about superficiality.
Teens convinced that a pimple will kill their social life will find Beastly bracingly honest. It's the cynicism, not the phoned-in uplift, that works in this JV Grand Guignol.
For a fable about a magical curse, "Beastly" is strangely earthbound. And once it starts, it just seems to go on sappily ever after.
There are flashes of genuine wit and charm that, while they cannot support the rest, hint at what was intended and not realized.
At one point when Hudgens' character points out that she prefers substance over style, one can only wonder what she would have thought of BEASTLY.
Resistance to this sort of commingling of the classical tale with the high school milieu is, as ever, totally futile, and to its credit, Beastly doesn't try so hard to fit within the framework of the fairy tale that it bends itself all out of shape.
To redo The Beauty and the Beast and introduce a movie version of classic literature to a texting addicted, reading challenged generation, at least do it right.
Imagine Beauty and the Beast rewritten by a pack of teen girls high on Twilight and Gossip Girl, and you get an idea of what you're in for with Beastly.
An adequate updating of the "Beauty and the Beast" tale for a sliver of young film fans
No one erred by choosing to mothball Beastly for eight months. It was only in the mistaken decision to release it that the ugly came roaring out.
Beastly gets one timeless fact right: For hatchet faces, fatty cakes and Frankenskanks, high school can definitely feel like a curse.
Meant to cash in on the craze for fantasy films about hormonal teens started by a certain chick-lit vampire series, Beastly merely shows how Twilight got it right.
You have to admire the bravery of the filmmakers, who went ahead and made a movie despite not understanding the subject matter. It's also pretty impressive that anyone could miss the point of Beauty and the Beast.
...Beastly benefits substantially from an uplifting, thoroughly satisfying conclusion that's arrived at without the assistance of a fake break-up...
Watching Beastly isn't nearly as disturbing as reflecting upon Beastly. So, if there's an opportunity to immediately dive into a nap after a viewing, perhaps there's a good time to be had.
More than lives up to its name with ultra-campy performances, high-glucose direction (Daniel Barnz), laughable dialogue, cheesy effects and a back-lot simulation of a Manhattan street that wouldn't pass muster on an after-school special.
How ridiculous, corny, and obvious is all this?
I'm not a 13-year old girl, so I couldn't care less about Pettyfer's six-pack abs, so I was focused on what a horrible actor he is with some of the klunkiest, most ridiculous dialogue
Disney's animated film featured characters that were more alive and human than this live-action film.
I'm a half-century too old for such tween swill as that which is regurgitated in CBS Films' Beastly," another in the ever-expanding clones of Twilight wannabes...
It would be disturbing if it weren't so incompetently hilarious.
Oh, yes, the script is a little ham-fisted, plowing through exposition and establishing character with a steam shovel, but in a tale like this, sometimes being obvious and cutting to the chase can be a virtue.
[A] tin-eared, corny attempt at fairy-tale interpretation.
A slipshod teen sudser starring 20-year-olds playing 17-year-olds penned as 12-year-olds.
In an era of bullies and mean girls, "Gossip Girls" and "Pretty Little Liars," it's nice to have such a tenderhearted fairy tale.
A pallid, formulaic teen romance that might have benefited from a little snark.
Beastly is just as superficial and obsessed with looks as the characters and the mindset it rails against, which would seem like a bitter, frustrating irony if it merited the emotional reaction to care that much.
Beastly manages to show you all the ways it might have worked by missing every available mark, sometimes by the gaping expanse between Alex Pettyfer's ears, sometimes only by the feline curl of Vanessa Hudgens' smile.
Like Pettyfer, Vanessa Hudgens is blessed with amazing looks to go along with her limited acting.
There's just not enough substance to make Beastly anything more than another cheesy teen romance movie.
Roses and love bloom, and you might giggle yourself sick, but this is the kind of cornball entertainment that rainy afternoons were made for. Throw in a cozy sofa too. Beastly will size down well on your television.
It takes guts to transform heartthrob Alex Pettyfer into a disfigured hero for the bulk of Beastly, a contemporary retelling of Beauty and the Beast. It takes even more guts to do it differently than the book's fans might expect.
It's dogged by awkward dialogue, a ridiculous plot and lackluster performances, especially by the leads, Alex Pettyfer and Vanessa Hudgens.
"Beastly" is not the best or the worst teen movie I've ever seen, but given the talented cast (especially Harris), I would have loved to see them tackle a more realistic reboot.
A sly and pleasant-enough young-adult programmer that is more likeable than not.
An intolerably sappy "Beauty and the Beast" for the Clearasil set.
Beauty and the Beast Lite. Might appeal to 11-year-old girls.
Everything and everyone looks very pretty, with even Kyle's disfigurement looking like it would make a cool T-shirt logo; nothing, and nobody, makes any sense.
Sure, Beastly's underlying message is a worthy one, but by the time the film gets there the audience's ability to empathize will be sorely tested.
Beastly is tolerable enough for a March release. Yes, that is damning with faint praise.
From conception to execution, this is a misguided effort to update the classic fairytale for a younger generation; if you like the fable, please revisit the 1946 Jean Cocteau film or even the 1991 Disney animated musical.
It's possible you need a break from the dirty mind of "Twilight.'' But in favor of a dollar-store "Beauty and the Beast'' with no mind at all?
It's been over a year since CBS Films launched and their curse still isn't broken.
the filmic equivalent of the word, "duh."
Blandly literal and flabbily familiar, the great irony of Beastly is that this filmed version of the classic parable of how beauty is only skin-deep has so very little going on under the surface.
Poorly written, amateurishly acted and cheesily made,...this high school morality tale that recasts the old fairy tale for the 'Twilight' audience...resembles a chintzy Afterschool Special with supernatural overtones.
A brain-dead update of the classic fairy tale whose feeble understanding of its own point runs only skin-deep.
Trite and formulaic, Beastly is an inoffensive snooze.
The best thing about this movie -- starring Alex Pettyfer, Vanessa Hudgens and Mary-Kate Olsen -- is that it's only 86 minutes long.
What really grates about this movie, apart from the atrocious script, direction and acting, is the premise that "unusual" is synonymous with "ugly."
The hilariously awful tale of a selfish jerk who learns absolutely nothing ... full of helpful tips on dating strategies such as underhanded manipulation and blatant stalking.
Director Daniel Barnz casts his own spell of bad dialogue, soppy montages, and ringing cell phones as a plot device to ensure that the fairy tale retains no traces of the beautiful or bestial.
Beastly, for all its potential pitfalls, works better than it has any right to.
There is one good thing you can say about "Beastly": The title perfectly sums up what you'll see on screen.



@highlight

Fundamentally misguided, poorly written, and badly acted, Beastly adds little to the legacy of its timeless source material.