The dull romance between Sadie and Ben is revealed as little more than a prop for the comedian's patented schtick.
It's exactly what it looks like from the commercials -- a one-joke movie, and that one joke isn't even funny to begin with.
I would honestly rather watch the Holocaust In Colour than sit through this again.
It's enough to make anybody squirm.
It's a bit short of laughs, but there are a few cute ideas in this formulaic, predictable romantic comedy.
Sadly, License to Wed lived up to my expectations 100%. That is to say, it was unfunny and uninspired.
As someone engaged, I felt they disrespected what marriage can and should mean. And most importantly, I'm offended at their attempt at cringe-worthy humor.
Predictable wedding comedy is all about Williams.
You know it's bad when there are more interesting things happening during the outtakes in the closing credits than in the movie itself.
It's not quite as bad as some would have it (it will not, for example, kill puppies), but it is really very horrible.
This movie is an ecclesiastical disaster and, like the Rector of Stiffkey, Williams should be thrown to the lions.
Forget Wedding Crashers... this is a plain old Wedding Disaster.
The worst film I've seen so far this year.
The biggest letdown, is Williams, whose manic improvisations now bear all the hallmarks of a pub bore.
Robin Williams is back in this horrifically embarrassing and misconceived wedding comedy.
Josef Goebbels had a home movie made of the failed 1944 Hitler assassins being hanged from meathooks with piano wire. It probably had more laughs, more fun, more feelgood moments than this family comedy.
The comedy, starring Robin Williams as a reverend who won't marry couples until they have passed several ridiculous tests, raised a good few laughs.
Divorce is more fun than this film.
I now pronounce Licence To Wed a total flop.
License To Wed never escapes the combined trap of terminal blandness and a severe lack of decent jokes.
This bewilderingly bone-headed movie convinces that Ben and Sadie, should be kept as far apart as possible, if only to prevent them from breeding the kind of morons who would see nothing wrong with a movie such as Licence To Wed - or worse still, make it.
Ken Kwapis' comedy ploughs a well-tended furrow, from the hard truths our lovebirds discover to Williams' family-friendly schtick. There aren't enough laughs or sparks to warrant saying, "I do!" at the box office.
Dismal comedy that's every bit as bad as the words Robin Williams plays a comedy priest might lead you to expect.
You end up loathing the Reverend so much that he leaves himself no room to bring you round to his side in time for the obligatory feelgood finish.
If ever there was lawful impediment for a marriage to not go ahead, it's this mess of a movie.
Dismissing License to Wed as a comedy unworthy of a sitcom is to insult sitcoms.
Robin Williams is merely annoying in this comedy with a few lively laughs, but a nonsensical and uninvolving plot.
Two up-and-coming stars get left at the cinematic altar.
Spit-and-paste bilge.
Cute story with a few good laughs.
Robin Williams has made so many one-star comedies that it's impossible to keep count at this point. But rest assured that there's a multiplex in hell that screens them on a perpetual loop.
Stunningly mundane.
It's a shame that Robin Williams continues to take roles that exploit and water down his talent.
Even for a romantic comedy this one's too full of ridiculous situations.
If ever there was a ceremony or ritual that needed to be called off, it is the one that begins with the act of buying a ticket for this movie.
All this witless tastelessness is headed toward happiness for all concerned. Their happiness will not equal yours when you see the credits finally rolling.
Somewhere, Rainn Wilson is smiling to himself.That's because, unlike some of the rest of John Krasinski's castmates from "The Office," he wasn't involved in "License to Wed," a wretched excuse for a romantic comedy.
You won't care if they walk down the aisle or off a short pier.
...a grating, nigh unwatchable piece of work.
If you have seen the trailers for this film, you have seen most of the funny moments and are not missing anything in this by-the-numbers rom/com.
It's the kind of pic where I wished I walked out of the theater with a paper bag over my head.
...a romantic comedy misfire that could send aspirant newlyweds and anyone else in attendance down the wrong aisle--to the exit door.
Be sure to say "I don't" to License to Wed
Too dependent on Williams to fill in the humorless gaps here, and the humor itself just isn't funny in the first place.
Sadie (Mandy Moore) and Ben (John Krasinski) are getting married (because they met at the start of the movie.)
Looks like Robin Williams has replaced Cuba Gooding, Jr. as the kiss of death on the set of any comedy.
Forget blasphemy against the Holy Spirit, wasting our time with License to Wed is the one unpardonable sin.
The movie's premise isn't a story. It's a stand-up comedy joke...
"License to Wed" is so awful that if I had to choose between sitting through it or "RV" again, I would actually have to sit and think about it for a while
This is both a Robin Williams movie and a Mandy Moore movie. There's really no saving that.
License to Wed might have been a cutting comedy; instead it's a mild embarrassment for all concerned.
If for any reason your wife or girlfriend - or both - try to drag you to this thing, break up with them instead. It would be less painful.
Despite its fuzzy, getting-to-know-you message, the movie itself offers zero motivation for any of its protagonists.
Krasinski and Moore are an adorable couple, but marriage material they aren't, especially since they're given a mere ten minutes to form a full-fledged relationship before Williams breathlessly barges into the picture.
Like some weddings, License to Wed is a long sit and a bland buffet.
This assaultively unappealing 'romantic comedy' could well mark the opening salvo in a whole new Hollywood campaign against movie piracy. Anybody who'd steal this dud would stink just from carrying it around.
You have to go back to the worst Hanna-Barbera cartoons to find gag material this excruciatingly contrived.
I hereby pronounce you a flop.
Want to enjoy License to Wed? Go in expecting to have your eyes gouged out. I promise you'll be pleasantly surprised.
Any movie with this many eye-rolling moments should have its comedic license revoked.
A misguided, not to mention mean-spirited, premise for a story.
Williams is the worst offender. Even he finally seems to be tired of his own act.
Williams doing his bad boy standup comic cleric routine with relish, can be counted as performing an act of salvation on a movie desperately in need of such not quite divine intervention.
Forget about Saw, Hostel and all the other films in the new, notorious torture-porn genre. If you're looking for a really sick movie, check out License to Wed.
You know you're in trouble when the outtakes during the end credits are the best part.
The inert License to Wed shambles along one lame scene after another.
'License To Wed' is a comedy fiasco.
...even if I could have put up with the unpleasantness of this as comedy, I still would have balked at the eventual portrayal of this monster [Williams] as an angel in disguise.
I have rarely seen a movie with less self-knowledge than License to Wed, an awful comedy made ever so slightly fascinating because of its dual personality.
A blitzed-looking man stumbling out of a screening of this dreadful excuse for unromantic comedy volunteered that the best part of the movie was when Robin Williams got socked in the jaw. Couldn't agree more...
Williams, who seems to have shown up for a payday, lacks any of his typical spontaneity and might actually be sleep-joking through some scenes. An utterly uninspired movie that will leave you not wanting to get married, ever.
Going to this movie is at least a more enjoyable way to spend the Fourth of July weekend than participating in the Coney Island hot-dog eating contest.
The trials Ben and Sadie go through are nothing compared to the obstacle course inflicted on the audience, who has to work very hard to find anything entertaining or enjoyable.
so lifeless and bland you will only see it when Transformers is sold out and your girlfriend thinks that Jim guy from The Office is cute.
There's bad, there's awful and there's horrible, and then somewhere beyond that, in its own Kingdom of Lousy -- where all the milk curdles and the jokes aren't funny -- is License to Wed.
What this is really about is yet another entry in one of the more loathsome comedy genres, the humiliation of the hero.
It's highly amusing and its cast is extremely persuasive, playing the kind of roles that kill most careers: genuinely nice people.
The movie is plodding, predictable, formulaic and, worst of all, not funny.
The outtakes that accompany the end credits suggest that making the movie was a blast; it's a shame the same can't be said for watching it.
It used to be annoying when Robin Williams insisted on wrecking comedies with his overbearing shtick. Now, it's just sad and pathetic.
The story ends with a sentimental clunk. To say the picture isn't funny is putting it mildly. It isn't tolerable.
All it does is make you wish [Robin Williams] never discovered movies -- or, at least, stuck to voicing cartoons and doing the odd, occasional drama.
The movie is a pastiche of tortured slapstick, groan-inducing dialogue and a lethal dose of treacle, apparently awaiting one of Williams' trademark sprees of riffing and vamping to save the day. That moment never comes.
The worst idea for a studio comedy since last year's equally dreadful Failure to Launch.
...a film that's an early favorite for worst comedy of the year.
It is only the latest attempt by a Hollywood studio to pander to prurience and piety in a single gesture, and to avoid giving offense by treating all possible factions of the public equally, which is to say like idiots.
Will Robin Williams ever divorce himself from the unholy union of silliness and sentimentality?
A pleasant enough diversion for anyone who likes their comedies as light and fluffy as their popcorn.
Just another mediocre addition -- worse than the best sitcoms, better than the worst -- to the expanding list of movies that make Netflix a far more appealing option than going to a theater.
Robin Williams plays a reverend running the Marquis de Sade School of Marriage Counseling in this desperately unfunny movie.
Krasinski affirms that he can carry more than a desk job on The Office, and Moore plays straight gal in a film that improves, at least, on her last role in the ugh-inducing Because I Said So. License to Wed doesn't fail her this time.
The creepy-faced robot twin babies are funny (for a while); the rest of the film is not. It's like Meet the Parents with Dr. Phil as the officiant from hell.
It's supposedly a romantic comedy, so imagine a couple of hilarious physical jokes -- you know, a guy takes a baseball to the face, ha-ha -- and channel in a few moments of Robin Williams doing his improv shtick around some key words.
Anyone who has been through the process of church-mandated marriage preparation counseling should get a chuckle out of License to Wed, that is if the comedy weren't so badly handled.
You'd never know from License to Wed that Krasinski is a big asset to The Office. Here, playing an unappealing male lead, he merely smugs his way through the assignment.
For all the Hollywood obviousness of the reassuring ending, [director] Kwapis and his writers put over the subversive message that marriage can be maddening.
Anyone who wanders into License to Wed expecting a sweet-natured romantic comedy is likely to feel like the sensitive surface of that metaphorical tongue: ripped off.
This is the sort of lobotomized, condescendingly lazy movie that leaves you resentful of Hollywood.
All poor Krasinski can do is sigh, look to the camera, and beg for deliverance.
The chief reason why nothing works here is that the actors, talented performers all, just don't seem to be in the same movie.
Reverend Frank offers rib-ticklers such as: 'On the honeymoon, pretend to be surprised.' In the theater, pretend to be entertained.
Do they have what it takes to keep it cool and stay together long enough to get hitched? Trust me, you won't care.
No matter how hard I try, I'm finding it difficult to write anything positive about License to Wed. This movie is bad from top to bottom, front to back, and start to finish.
Sometimes I wonder what really goes on in the offices of studio executives.
I was so tempted to walk out of License to Wed. And I have never walked out of a movie, not in my ten-year career as a film critic, not before.
Kwapis' directorial license should be revoked, while his movie should be divorced from theaters as soon as possible.
If you can't predict how it all turns out, you've never seen a family sitcom.
[Krasinski and Moore] have bankable chemistry, and it allows License to float along for longer than you'd think possible.
It makes marriage look like the biggest mistake of all time, and the multiplex a prison from which there is no escape.
One of the year's worst comedies, and in a year that has already contained 'Norbit' and 'Wild Hogs,' that's saying something.
Somewhere along the way, somebody should have pulled this License, at least until the writers found funnier stuff for everybody to do.
License to Wed is another lamebrain Hollywood comedy in which a peanut gallery of the shrill and the narcissistic conspire to drive a wedge between two innocents.
This crude and unfunny comedy represents one of the low points in what has already been a disappointing summer-movie season.
Weddings are supposed to be happy occasions, but this shrill by-the-numbers comedy provides little reason to smile.
License to Wed is set on a plane of existence not inhabited by intelligent life, but by widespread nincompoops.
Like a creepy kid who has taken a few too many Ritalin tablets, License to Wed bounds around the screen wildly, overanxious to prove its wackiness.
Mandy Moore is so likable, while Robin Williams is so not. [But] John Krasinski is like wallpaper. He's just there.
Williams has become a comedic glass ceiling, a black hole of laughs that guarantees every scene he's in will make nails on a chalkboard sound appealing.
Williams' Reverend Frank is so obnoxious that he'd empty the pews as fast as this dreadful movie will empty theatre auditoriums.
The only amusing thing about License to Wed is the idea that it's supposed to be funny in the first place.
A droll, amusing cautionary tale about the chances of living "happily ever after" - and wait for the zany outtakes during the final credits.
Unleashing Robin Williams in the least flattering possible manner, License to Wed squanders the modest chemistry between its appealing central couple uniting its elements in an astonishingly flat romantic comedy.
Comedies don't get much lamer than License to Wed. Working from a flawed premise with characters lacking credibility and plot turns more moronic than funny, the movie flatlines in about five minutes.
Another by-the-books exercise in formula romantic comedies ... no surprises and no real reason to have to subject yourself to this.
As with 50% of all marriages in this country, this film breaks down irretrievably, leaving all concerned feeling hurt, angry, and not a little betrayed.

@highlight

Featuring one of Robin Williams' most shtick-heavy performances, the broad and formulaic License to Wed wrings little out of its slightly creepy, unappealing premise.