The film is more downbeat than tense, interweaves animation sequences, and perhaps worked better in the original novel.
A pedestrian, undeveloped indie clunker, its failure as a complete, satisfying story especially disappointing since the sibling relationship at its center could have been special with a better script.
Watching The Motel Life, I felt that I was in the hands of someone capable of making a great film.
There's definitely a niche audience out there that will love The Motel Life; and this is a film that deserves to be loved.
The whole thing is deep-down conservative and wetter than a Labrador's kiss.
The rambling plot may resemble a lyric from a mawkish country song but the film-makers bring an engaging mix of tenderness and grit to the downbeat material.
The film is heavy-going, unformed and self-indulgent, with characters who are neither sympathetic nor (crucially) interesting.
Stephen Dorff excels as a luckless hobo in this bruised and booze-soaked adaptation of Willy Vlautin's 2007 novel.
Fans of indie cinema's mood-movie fringes, check in.
Powerful, moving and melancholy. A low-key treat.
This debut film does establish a fragile mood that lingers like a morning fog.
As the protagonists wallow in melancholy and despair, they drag helpless moviegoers in with them.
In case you weren't aware, Dorff is actually a great actor.
Love and loyalty often carry the day. But love and loyalty are not carrying the day now.
Sensitive lensing and acting render an unusual story of brotherly love touching in a promising first film.
A bruised, purple plum of a drama that mostly connects as a mood piece about the muddy rut of low self-esteem, and belief that life offers no better circumstances beyond just day-to-day subsistence.
More of an actors' showcase for Stephen Dorff and Emile Hirsch to get in some sharp practice than a cogent drama, "The Motel Life" is a warts-and-all indie effort that comes up short.
Alan Polsky and Gabriel Polsky propel the material in a way that can feel over-determined. But they grasp the eccentricities and desperation of fringe dwellers, and at its strongest their atmospheric film has the pull of a sad outlaw song.
We have seen many films about losers on the run, but in the directorial debut of former Chicago siblings Alan and Gabe Polsky, we get an intriguing new take on brotherly love not only gone wrong, but clearly hopeless from the beginning.
This independent drama effectively captures the spirit of much contemporary fiction: the tone is at once precious and stark, and the narrative drifts from one episode to another (and from realism to fantasy) as though it were playing out in a dream.
As good as "The Motel Life" is for the actors, that's how bad it is for the viewer.
It's occasionally pretentious but ultimately moving, at least for the miniscule audience that will turn out to see such a downer of a movie.
Hirsch and Dorff give it their all - as does the always-welcome Kris Kristofferson, as a boss and father figure to Frank - but they can't make up for the screenplay's shortcomings.
Every frame feels right, every choice feels thought-out, considered. All adds up to a heartbreaking whole.
...the simple fact is that it won us over with its refreshing quiet confidence in itself and the kind of film it wants to be - it's an assured debut by directors smart enough to make sure their reach never exceeds their grasp.
The story may be slight, but the performances and ambience resonate.
For all its melancholy and grey, snowy landscape, "The Motel Life" never feels totally hopeless ...
It's admirable and even memorable, in its moody fashion, thanks to Roman Vasyanov's richly textured cinematography-he's a shooter to keep our eyes on-and three affecting performances.
The Polskys are painting a portrait of life on the margins [in The Motel Life], of broken people redeemed at least partially by art.
While this gritty indie is light on plot, the world of bars, casinos, hospitals and gallows humor is real and heartbreaking.
The Motel Life -- no relation to the same name-brand -- ultimately accomplishes the tricky task of painting the believable lives of two marginal people without romanticizing in the least their dire straits and awful, hardscrabble existence.
Unlike most pictures about people living on the fringe, The Motel Life is never drab or depressing.
Fits snugly into the moody nook that film festivals save for forgettable downers with recognizable faces.
The Motel Life fulfills its modest ambitions, mining glimmers of muted beauty from these brothers' otherwise bleak existences.
The Motel Life is a contemplative, meaningful story about brotherly devotion and redemption, and it's one of the year's great surprises.
The Motel Life doesn't live up to the desolate poetry of its title, though first-time directors Alan and Gabriel Polsky...do their best to create a suitably seedy, hardscrabble atmosphere.
Recalling characters from a Bukowski novel or Tom Waits song but with less complexity, the brothers are endowed by their creators with little agency, not doing much except lamenting the sorry state of their lives.
The sparse poeticism of Portland author Willy Vlautin's debut novel, a sullen depiction of blue-collar American life, is gutted for this overdone film adaptation by directors Alan and Gabriel Polsy.
"The Motel Life" doesn't so much end as it instead sits and takes a breath. Yet, it's hard to imagine any other conclusion that wouldn't have ruined it.

@highlight

The Motel Life transcends its frustratingly uneven screenplay with some outstanding work from a talented cast.