This alleged satire, which received four-star treatment from other critics, left me with a ho-hum and sorry feeling that I had wasted an evening seeing it.
Some have found In the Loop shallow for detaching its fevered gamesmanship from actual reasoning or consequences -- but isn't it rather chilling, how easy it is for the loop to form in a vacuum?
Satire hasn't felt this sharp since BrassEye.
In the Loop has some of the most colorful language you'll find in any piece of cinema, rivaling movies like Kevin Smith's Clerks. And this is a hilarious thing.
Avoid the latest Apatow/Rogen template trash and give this a go, I promise you will not be disappointed.
There's only so much wittiness and quips we can watch before we get irritated at the fact that not much actually happens.
The War Room has been replaced by drably decorated offices, insane army generals have been replaced by eerily sensible ones, and the man with the most power is not the POTUS but instead a PR-man with a filthy mouth.
Not since "Three Kings" has war satire felt as gloriously agitated and acerbic. Brimming with "The Office's" British-born briskness, Armando Ianucci's film doles out diabolical wit and depressing truths about corrosive careerism and boomeranging policies.
Peter Capaldi chews himself great big chunks of scenery in a role some might think over the top, but having worked with tyrants like this in the past, I thought was moderate to restrained.
The more faith you have in government, the more uncomfortable In the Loop will make you
Accessible even for those not interested in politics, In The Loop is easily the funniest film of the year so far, and to boot, one of the most intelligent.
If you enjoy back-hall political wrangling mixed with British humor, you'll have a heck of a time.
Could the entrance into the Iraq War really have been as petty and misguided as this?
Who can resist using the nastieth filth in the English language to run a country?
In the Loop is political satire at its best, leaving you giggling at the one-liners yet feeling complete despair about the political process.
Prepare yourself for an hour and a half of political farce made only funnier by the fact that these ludicrous actions and explanations all feel so terrifyingly plausible.
In the hands of British comic genius Armando Iannucci, the backroom chicanery of global politics mobilises a full-frontal assault on the funnybone.
Shot in fly-on-the-wall style, In The Loop is as expertly and continuously funny as any comedy in years.
If you only watch a scene or two on the internet, it's hilarious. Watch it all and it's a little tiresome and unconvincing.
It is funny, and scarily so -- if you can convince yourself that you're not, in fact, watching a documentary.
It's strained, flat, laboured, repetitive, self-satisfied, largely unfunny, and has the drab and tacky look of a telemovie. Dr. Strangelove it ain't.
It's such a shame because here is a film with the potential of being really good if it was decently made.
It's hilarious and wicked and cutting about the way things work in governments.
Viewers looking for an intelligent, hilarious and bitingly relevant look at the way governments work won't be disappointed.
The pace is relentless, the language foul and there are some genuinely inventive and hilarious ideas
When the British put aside their usual understatement and bring out their satirical bazooka, they can make quite a big bang
Obscenely merciless, skewering policy-makers in both the British and U.S. governments for the game-playing, spin-doctoring, self-serving entities they are.
A pandemic of willful blindness
The low-key giggles and dry throwaway wit belie the manic one-up-manship and saber-rattling. Keep your ears on though %u2013 the speech outstrips the scene tempos handily...reward the studios for a political comedy without any politics.
A wickedly clever comedy about how politicians conspired to start the Iraq War.
Satire has never been this searingly astute and funny in a story where Washington and Westminster are desperately trying to control the media spin on a possible Middle-east war.
It's fantastic stuff, so over-the-top, so scabrous, so bitterly brilliant that you have to assume that, on some level, it rings true.
A relentlessly foul-mouthed political satire about an obscene process: the fabrication of a phony case for war to justify U.S. and British plans to invade the Middle East.
With that singularly British way of being clever and deliriously juvenile all at once, it's a scathing, laugh-out-loud bit of big-screen satire.
In the Loop is nonstop, go-go-go verbal action that makes Wag the Dog seem like a mind-numbing cricket match.
Think of it as a celebration of the craft of screenwriting. This British comedy is dense with brilliant, profane and telling dialogue, with laugh-out-loud zingers that just keep coming and coming -- though few can be quoted here.
It's as if Jane Austen and Monty Python collaborated on an episode of The West Wing...
If the corridors of power really are this dysfunctional, let's at least hope they're this funny, too.
The first thing that marks In The Loop as a break from the norm is its refusal to flatter the viewer's intelligence; the second, is the way the film forces them to use it.
There mayn't have been a funnier screenplay this year -- but the laughs are bitter ones.
A clever work of realistic fiction.
In the Loop skewers the recent Bush administration without resorting to the childish name-calling which sunk 'W.'
A vicious satire with ice in its veins and poison in its fangs.
The plot of this film is impenetrable but the dialog is hilarious and comes a staccato pace. This is a comedy of political backbiting, in-fighting, and out-fighting.
Whereas several recent films like the pompous 'Lions for Lambs' presented the current war in a didactically solemn tone, Iannucci has more to say by simply playing the crisis for laughs.
Painfully funny satire of British and American bureaucrats in the days leading up to the Iraq War.
It's one verbal skirmish after another, dominated by Capaldi, whose character is smoothly offensive and determined, dropping F-bombs with natural ease.
The film, while often very funny, is so relentlessly savage it could destroy whatever shred of respect you may still retain for politicians and that flogged horse called democracy.
This politically savvy, satirical piece deserves to be seen by as many people as possible. The way the film shows governmental 'war rooms' as being beset by petty, personal conflicts is positively enlightening.
One of the year's most intelligent (scripts), unifying political intrigue and backroom muckraking with stinging, pop-culture putdowns.
The brainchild of British director Armando Iannucci, it takes on the politicians at their own dirty game, daring to fictionally embellish the tawdry facts, to out-spin the spin doctors.
This enormously witty satire follows a British diplomatic staff as they fly to Washington to confer with their U.S. counterparts, who are secretly ginning up an invasion of the Middle East.
The real standout here is Peter Capaldi as Malcolm Tucker. This is a truly unforgettable character that spouts off insults and profanities as often as one breaths.
In the Loop is often very funny -- minute for minute, surely one of the funniest movies of the year -- but it's a little exhausting, too.
The sharpest, funniest political satire in years.
This is the funniest movie of the summer.
With a bite that's going to leave a mark, In the Loop is the year's best comedy to date.
A complete mystery. How in the world did this lame British comedy bamboozle so many critics? It amounts to "Yes, Minister" with four letter words. You would be better off watching paint dry.
Side-splittingly funny.
[A] dense and often quite funny spoof.
...gives equal time to our brethren across the Atlantic who are no less status-obsessed and have much more impressive collections of expletives...
It's often obscenely funny, but it tickles more than it stings.
Despite the movie's serious implications and overall cynicism, In the Loop feels light and natural, interweaving many subplots and a large cast with deftness reminiscent of Robert Altman.
Vicious. Unrelenting. Brilliant. See it!
You feel like a fly on the wall inside of these meetings in the offices and you see how utterly ridiculous everybody is.
Every movie that clearly tells us how we marched toward the war, through bullying, intimidation, and making opponents seem crazy is worth seeing.
... a simultaneously hilariously and terrifyingly convincing model of how modern statesmanship must work.
In the Loop is one of the best political comedies since the invention of the sprocket hole.
Filled with the sort of pent-up vitriolic humor that Brits specialize in, it's one of those films that keep you laughing even as you realize how awfully close to the truth it likely is.
It's not very ambitious, but it's funny.
In the midst of the constant stream of mostly vacuous (and sometimes not) summer blockbusters, In the Loop is the tiniest of releases and one of the best ... maybe the best so far.
Waspish political satire is rare enough today that even a middling specimen is welcome.
In the Loop has nothing inventive to say about Iraq-war politics. In its better moments, it shows how careerism, power trips and office politics contribute to (or pollute) actual politics.
A scabrously funny look at the cutthroat game of statecraft.
Political satire is a rare bird at the cinema, so fans of the genre should watch and savor Armando Iannucci's In the Loop -- a rapid-fire, profane celebration of the art (and artlessness) of spin.
While the cynical concept is amusing, the actors' accents are often so undecipherable that much of the dialogue emerges as unintelligible unless you're attuned to Brit-speak - and profanity reigns.
One of the funniest and most quotable films likely to hit cinemas this year.
If you enjoy saucy, biting repartee, then "In The Loop" is a must.
This is a movie that begs to be seen twice, if only to catch all the one-liners you miss the first time around.
Unfailingly witty in its speculation that international aggression isn't driven by mania as much as facilitated by banality.
Uproarious, bitter, and ever so slightly twisted, In the Loop revives our hope in art infiltrating and exposing the hypocrisies of life.
As fine and hilarious a political comedy as any we've had in a generation.
The worse politics gets for the constituency the better it gets for the comedians. A political roast of unprecedented accuracy and intensity and a comedic dream.
The film plays as if flaming chunks of The Office crash-landed simultaneously onto the sets of Yes, Minister and The West Wing.
Blistering satire ... scabrous laughs. And it's so easy to imagine that this really is how governments make earth-shaking decisions.
A very effective, verbally blood-stained portrait of how a little brazen scheming on one side, coupled with selfishness and failure of nerve on the other, can actually change the world.
One of the sharpest satires in years.
In the Loop is certainly the smartest and funniest movie inspired by the Iraq war.
The jagged rhythms of the movie's dialogue are entertaining in themselves, and it's fun to watch the actors keep their lines spinning and bouncing off each other.
There isn't an actor in this film, not even a walk on, who isn't perfection.
In the Loop is a confusingly plotted satire -- plan on being out of the loop -- that starts off at such a frantic pace and at so high a pitch that it really doesn't have anywhere to go.
Some of the finest comedy dialogue you'll hear this year, as Iannucci and his team have created sharp, snarky insults and comebacks.
Clever and laugh out loud funny, this hilarious political satire delights at skewering the very human foibles behind undiplomatic diplomacy.
Can you remember the last time you saw a topical political satire with rapid-fire obscenity (morally and literally) and character exchanges that would rival the best of the screwball era?
Moves so fast and fires off so many jokes that it may seem cleverer than it really is. But it's definitely a good time.
While In the Loop is a highly disciplined inquiry into a very serious subject, it is also, line by filthy line, scene by chaotic scene, by far the funniest big-screen satire in recent memory.
The language is brilliant, and the laugh lines come so quickly that you'd probably have to watch the movie twice to get them all.
One of the funniest films of the year and the most incisive piece of cinematic political satire to come along since Joe Dante's "Homecoming."
A wickedly funny political satire, the kind of smart and tart, take-no-prisoners mockery that seldom makes it to screens intact.
I didn't so much feel like there were cameras following all these people around so much as I imagined myself a fly on the wall catching all of their escapades, and it is that intimacy I think ultimately pushes things into the realm of greatness.
Well-researched, conclusive proof that the men and women we've put in charge of our lives are as dunderheaded and regressive as the rest of us.
Well-orchestrated chaos...but its whiplash, joke-a-second pace may eventually have you tuning out instead of gasping for breath.
The first successful satire inspired by the Iraq war comes not from the country that started it, but from the sceptered isle that was our most important ally.
Film should do more than television. In the Loop is tremendous fun at times, especially in its vicious power plays and betrayals.
A wonderfully nasty British satire that examines the intricacies of international politics -- and laughs, bitterly.
keeps the story and humor moving at a breakneck pace that never bores and always amuses
[It's] that rare film utterly without heroes; instead, it amasses a group of boobs, users, and charlatans on both sides of the Atlantic and asks us to recognize our duly elected and appointed officials. You'll laugh until you bleed, or vice versa.
An abrasive, biting, very funny dose of piss and vinegar
A mercilessly funny film that, beneath the laughs, chillingly falls on the believable side of how politics really gets done.
Nearly every line is a different, potent form of B.S. in this droll little picture, with humor so dry you better buy that large drink beforehand.
This deliriously foul-mouthed political satire is set sometime between 2002 and the day after tomorrow; hard to say, given that the country with which U.S. and U.K. pols want to go to war is unnamed save for its location in, you know, the Middle East.
A war-room farce in the proud tradition of Dr. Strangelove, the satire is sharp and biting, and the comic incompetence and witty bickering that's become a hallmark of recent British comedy exports is absurdly terrifying when it's also found in the
An acidic force of nature, confident with brutal exchanges of opinion, yet retains a cutting satirical curve that buttresses the film's undeniable pull toward outright silliness.
Consider the movie an offspring of the great 1980s BBC screwball political comedy series Yes Minister. And consider it a welcome oasis of script literacy in a summer of Transformers: Revenge of the Fallen.
Instead of inspiring geniuses, Iraq war backlash has only resulted in snarky self-righteousness that -- from Charlie Wilson's War and now British import In the Loop -- has demonstrated the low ebb of modern comedy.
British humor that did not travel all that well across the Atlantic.
Though hilarious, In the Loop is also a horror movie, its lacerating satire constantly reminding us of the all-too-real consequences of distorted, manipulated, and vitiated language.
A comedy that finally manages to satirize the war successfully.
By the end of the film, you just want to get away from these people.
A razor-sharp farce that imparts insights from all directions.
It may be the smartest, funniest political comedy since Wag the Dog.
"Thick of It" veteran Peter Capaldi has the long-limbed, flapjack body language of John Cleese and dizzying delivery. His is a great comic performance...
In the Loop deserves to be a sleeper hit. The whole cast is stellar. And it proves that smart and funny can exist in the same movie, even in summer.
Armando Iannucci's debut feature In The Loop carries on the staggering comedic traditions of its source material, his critically embraced BBC series The Thick of It, hardly ever missing a step.
...the funniest and smartest political comedy to come along in ages
Riotous satire about British politicians ensnared in a U.S. campaign to promote a war in the Middle East. Word-of-mouth potential is high.
Line after line proves infinitely quotable... suggesting cult status as well as critical acclaim beckons.
A biting political satire that tackles rising anti-war sentiments around the globe.
A venomous and incisive cinema exposé and it builds a relentless head of comic steam that never subsides.
A Dr. Strangelove-level examination of all the foolishness, gossip and insecurities that actually make the world run.
In the Loop is a fast and furious farce that looks and feels authentic.
The film attempts to give the impression of documentary reality, but the movie is a series of satirical caricatures that sometimes crosses over into farce.
Six years ago, Armando Iannucci's slick and merciless satire might have drawn more blood, but even now it blows away the recent competition with its sharp, sardonic dialogue and uncompromising cynicism.
The savage comedy of In The Loop is enough to justify hailing it as a triumph. What takes it to a different level is the way that Iannucci and a great team of writers ultimately manage to make the smile freeze on your face.
On the surface it sounds like the basis of a TV show but it's brilliant as a movie and you'll laugh throughout.
Iannucci's triumph is so consummate you may want to go back to media coverage of the era with the added insight it affords.
In The Loop is a furious whirlwind of a comedy, and a swift riposte to the movie star ego massaging of the Coens' similarly-themed Burn After Reading. Hopefully, Malcolm Tucker's first silver screen adventure isn't his last.
Few comedies - least of all political parodies - can hope to match the GPM (gags-per-minutes) success of this glorious sideswipe at international diplomacy.
Spinal Tap meets Strangelove. A satirical demolition of Whitehall and Washington: politically astute, hilarious and terrifyingly real.
It's a film that is both insanely funny and a desperate cry for sanity.
A devastating insight into the desperate state of functionaries in a technocracy.
The satire steams and fizzes like concentrated sulphuric acid. It is blisteringly offensive. Armando Iannucci's debut feature film In the Loop is the kind of movie that makes you proud to be British.
The first really satisfying, really fearless dramatic assault on the scandal of Iraq.
It's a sharper, bawdier version of Yes, Minister. And ultimately just as cosy, colluding in our cynicism about politicians rather than challenging it.
In The Loop may have worked equally well on TV, but no rib is left untickled in a quickfire satire that depresses as much as it amuses. Gets our vote.
In this department, In The Loop commendably resembles a Howard Hawks-style screwball comedy enhanced with the furious profanities of a David Mamet play.
There are at least thirty genuine laugh-out-loud moments and I honestly cannot recall a single other film with that hit rate. In The Loop boasts one of the funniest scripts ever written and some of the strongest performances in a comedy since Spinal Tap.
A fantastic cast, a razor sharp script and an all too realistic story makes this an absolute must see.
It's mercilessly accurate in its analysis of what's most wrong with New Labour, and it made me laugh out loud at least 20 more times than The Boat That Rocked.
The subjects of Iannucci's ire aren't exactly hard targets while the movie has so much fun shooting those barrel-bound fish, it forgets to bring anything terribly revealing to the table.
Writer/director Armando Iannucci hits home so brilliantly in what is essentially a big-screen version of TV's The Thick Of It. The Sneak cannot overuse the word "funny" enough to describe In The Loop. It is funny, funny, funny.
This - Iannucci's large-screen lampoon on the corridors of power and PR - is a rabbit version of The Thick of It. It scurries about for two hours with bared but biteless teeth.
It is a rollicking entertainment for some of the time, and a sulphurous study in bare-faced cynicism pretty much all of the time. An achievement of sorts, though I wish I could have liked it more.
It's an extra remarkable triumph that The Thick Of It, Armando Iannucci's massively acclaimed political satire, explodes on to the big screen without sacrificing a jot of its blistering, hand-held, outrageously well-scripted glory.
In the Loop is like a British version of a Marx Brothers movie in that no sooner is one round of colourful invective blurted out than another three follow in rat-tat succession.
Sharply written, impeccably acted and frequently funny political satire, though it's hard to shake the nagging feeling that it's closer to the truth than we'd like to think.
A bile-spitting, side-splitting little beauty of a film, this is to the smug, Oxbridge-ridden world of political satire what a prostate exam by Mike Tyson in a Burmese outhouse is to standard medical procedure.
It's a measure of how apt a title Armando Iannucci has chosen for his directorial debut that this skewering of modern British politics seems to grow more prophetic by the day.
It's a stroke of genius to play a tense political thriller as if it's a raucous satire. Slicing straight through any over-seriousness, this film keeps us laughing loudly as it tells a story that's probably far truer than we'd like to believe.
Not even Nancy Reagan's famed astrologer could have timed it better - the release date of Armando Iannucci's brilliant farce.
Showing how politicians, in all their petty ambition and narrow self-interest, can be every bit as dangerous as Weapons of Mass Destruction, this is Dr Strangelove for the post-9/11 era.











@highlight

In the Loop is an uncommonly funny political satire that blends Dr. Strangelove with Spinal Tap for the Iraq war era.