Dragged down by earnest but amateurish performances and an overall Afterschool Special vibe
Not up to the level of "Facing the Giants" or "Fireproof" but a pretty amazing first try
A heartfelt and inspirational drama about the healing power of grace, reconciliation and forgiveness.
This passionate faith-based movie offers moral encouragement and gives people an altruistic goal worth achieving. It deserves to be ranked alongside similar message-driven movies as "Facing the Giants" and "Fireproof."
...not so much a bad movie as a timid one, in that it fails to fulfill the potential of its honestly not bad script, which raises some difficult questions ... and its denouement, however predictable, is genuinely moving.
A modern morality play offering a satisfying reminder about the real meaning of forgiveness.
As stiff as it is sincere.
This effort from writer/director David G. Evans gets points for soft-peddling dogma in favor of human stories. And the film benefits from a compelling performance by Michael Joiner, a Kansas City-based stand-up comic who provides a watchable center.
Movie goers likely will look over The Grace Card's entertainment value to focus on this simple prescription for how to gracefully love your neighbor.
Blessed with fine performances, credible dialogue and slick production values that belie a reportedly paltry budget, The Grace Card ranks among the better religious-themed indies released in recent years.
The film is powerful when operating on the personal level of two men working out faith, but disappointing that their story is buried in a heavy-handed, manipulative plot.
This is an unpretentious but sincere film with quiet power, and its final scenes are moving and inspirational.
It's OK to put out a movie with a message. But rendering even potentially dramatic stories so inoffensive that they bear no relation to reality makes for middling drama.
Despite its lapse into melodrama, this faith-based drama is surprisingly effective.
"The Grace Card" is a Christian drama about a racist cop and his gospel-preaching partner who . . . hey, wait a second. Where are you going?
The movie amounts to a cinematic sermon that, like many of those given in houses of worship, has a good-hearted message that will be difficult to deliver to a snoozing audience.
The latest in the market-a-movie-to-churches trend, "The Grace Card" has the ring of a sermon about it.
The filmmakers seem more interested in coddling the converted than ministering to sinners.
Such over-the-top emotional extravagance that even Cecil B. DeMille in his silent period might not have been able to get away with it.
The plot twists, involving a shooting, a kidney donation and an 11th-hour apology, are melodramatic even by TV standards.
Its screenplay is mostly second-rate soap opera and its direction plodding, with many scenes held, awkwardly, longer than they need to be.
Steeped in Christian tenets of forgiveness, brotherhood, and prayer, and rife with earnest platitudes about race and family, The Grace Card is one overwrought piece of work.
A series of hard-to-swallow coincidences wrap up the story too neatly.
A low-budget Christian indie that just clears the runway on the sincerity of its performances and inclusiveness of its message.
If it ultimately succumbs to formula, scoring a series of increasingly unlikely plot twists with anthemic contemporary Christian power pop, at least it has the courage of its convictions, and the bravado to suggest solutions to meaningful dilemmas.
This Christian-themed domestic melodrama uses race as cheap window dressing for easily digestible bromides and a conclusion as foregone as a Family Circus panel.

@highlight

Tailored for a very specific audience, The Grace Card delivers its noble religious message via implausible plot twists and preachy dialogue.