Cute, breezy, and fun.
There are a few extra plot threads that feel like parking spaces that don't quite fit, but the story is squeezed in anyway. I'd still check out the valet.
A charming if familiar French comedy of manners, again showing writer-director Francis Veber's skillful touch as a farceur, this time with elegant British actress Kristin Scott Thomas and vet Daniel Auteuil, who could have played this role in his sleep
Very, very sleepy and low-key.
The movie is so tame you may find your mind wandering toward the casting of the inevitable Hollywood remake. (Jonah Hill as Pignon, perhaps?)
I can even see Adam Sandler starring in an American remake. Can't you just see a dopey, befuddled Sandler sharing a lumpy little twin bed with, say, Jessica Alba?
Except for a slightly misguided final scene, LA DOUBLURE (THE VALET) is a great dessert movie: a brisk and breezy romp that will leave audiences smiling.
I kept fantasizing about how great this film would have been if Eric Rohmer had made it.
It's not as outrageous or as hilarious as his best work, but it's still charming, even when it isn't finding the funnybone.
If you're in the mood for Gallic lightheartedness, you know where to go.
One can see Moliére being jealous of the plot line, and Karl Marx applauding. You see capitalists who exploit the masses do not fare too well in this venture.
Veber fills the film with engagingly quirky characters and bright gags that keep it floating along with such assurance that it constantly charms.
Improbable? Perhaps, but one of writer-director Francis Veber's gifts as a farceur is to make the unlikely both credible and amusing.
What fun! Not really.
Veber's dialogue is as witty as ever, and he gets great mileage out of his likable cast, particularly Elmaleh and Taglioni.
The Valet is a trifle with a few good ideas strewn about, but which feels rushed and too flimsy for its own good.
Stereotypes were made to be broken, but don't expect the lithe screwball comedy "The Valet" to change your ideas of Gallic humor.
It's all empty calories, of course, but that's what French pastry -- not to mention popcorn -- is all about.
Shot with the creative energy of a mediocre sitcom, the scenes play out predictable plot devices with minimal creativity and even less risk.
Veber's script is masterfully constructed to increase the laughs as the scheme grows more and more convoluted.
Starts with a nice premise, but ends up fractured.
Call it a sorbet, a soufflé or an amuse bouche, The Valet is a satisfying antidote to the overload and bombast that run rampant in American movies at this time of the year.
Francis Veber, the writer and director of The Valet is a master of French comedy...To cut to the chase, The Valet est un comédie plaisant et léger, mais il n'est pas mémorable du tout.
Little farcical asides, such as Emily's aging physician father (Michel Aumont) who gets more care from his patients than he gives, help keep the humor quotient high...
A deft, daft, totally unbelievable yet somehow totally engaging comedy.
You have the slightest of romps, and one that ends so abruptly that you suspect the prolific Veber had already moved on to his next project.
With so much potential, The Valet is disappointingly flat and wan, with few of the moments of cringe-and-laughter-inducing mortification that are Veber's stock in trade.
Everyone in The Valet is likable; the movie even manages to be somewhat subversive, as it posits the idea that supermodels are people, too. Not to mention smart, kind and down-to-earth people. Quelle surprise!
Francis Veber's The Valet, from his own screenplay, turns out to be a surprisingly satisfying Parisian screen farce.
The whole movie is a huge grin, a delicately balanced adventure and love story, and great fun. Do yourself a favor and check this one out.
A French sex farce is always fun to watch even if it's not a top-drawer script.
Instead of provoking hearty laughter, this slight French confection may coax only a few smiles.
The only fly in the ointment is the fact that it simply isn't very funny and since it is a comedy, after all, it is a flaw that sadly renders all of the other virtues moot.
Just enjoy it now as the exceedingly pleasant farce that it is.
We can count on farce, and on Veber, to ensure that everyone ends up where they should, and The Valet resolves itself most satisfyingly, in its tidy 85 minutes. It's a formulaic comedy that feels fresh -- and that's a rare accomplishment.
The new film by Francis Veber is far from his best work, but even off-form Veber has its moments of inspiration and the movie is definitely worth seeing.
It'll do nicely, thanks not only to sophisticated amusement but also to a gentlemanly hero who earns a place in our hearts.
Think mediocrity, so much so that if you took away the French subtitles and had the characters speaking English, you'd have an American comedy most critics would shrug off as derivative and a trifle empty.
Tart and weightless, and it entertains without leaving a mark. Not that there's anything wrong with that, but at 85 minutes, The Valet at times feels like a blueprint for a farce rather than the farce itself.
Seasoned French auteur Francis Veber ("The Birdcage") creates an offhand romantic comedy that Hollywood rarely achieves.
Not one of the director's tightest contraptions. Still, even if the belly laughs aren't there, there's just something about the old-fashioned construction that makes you grin.
Charming, funny and delightful.
I laughed during this movie ----- once.
There may be few surprises as to where this latest one is headed, but Veber socks it over with casting, pacing and subtext.
An unfunny French comedy with unappealing characters.
At 80 minutes long, it's that rare case of a short film that should have been longer. And that's its problem: It really should have been longer.
Briskly directed, The Valet hits the brakes for an abrupt ending, but this short ride delivers few apercus on fidelity, glamor or the nice boy next door.
Writer-director Francis Veber has been compared to everyone from Moliere to Blake Edwards, but this sublime French farce reminded me most of Billy Wilder.
The story is farcical and falling-down funny, and yet the actors treat [director] Veber's material as if it were all serious. And entirely reasonable.
This smoothly acted contrivance offers a lesson or two in how to sell a certain kind of comedy -- meaning, how not to oversell it.
There are a number of ways The Valet could be better.
To be honest, The Valet does not show Veber at his best.
Another well-oiled piece of comic machinery from Francis Veber.
The stitching of Veber's contrived entanglements falls apart at the tug of a thread, because nobody onscreen buys the ruse being perpetrated.
The films of writer/director Francis Veber are a bracing reminder that French comedies can be every bit as broad, unsophisticated and cliched as their American counterparts.
I think it's safe to say the time may have passed for Francis Veber's particular brand of French farce, especially if he's going to keep cranking out stuff as tiring and contrived as The Valet.
The situation delivers less wackiness than it promises, and there aren't a lot of big laughs. Charm fills the void, though.
Doors slam, confusions pile up and these high-toned actors look as if they're enjoying themselves immensely. They're not the only ones.
The Valet isn't anything to leave an extra-large tip for, and you're not going to dent your sides laughing. But it is French comedy at its easiest to handle, and for some, that's all that it needs to be.
It's not Veber's best, but it's certain good enough.
After the vaporous whimsy of Avenue Montaigne and now the drippy antics of The Valet, Paris really could use more Gaspar Noé leather infernos.
If you love to hate the superrich, The Valet is a sinfully delicious bonbon.
Daniel Auteuil gets funny with an enjoyable 85 minute sit-com of how not to balance an irate and powerful wife with a smart and paparazzi-popular mistress.
If you listen closely enough, you can hear the "Laugh Now" box lighting up.
A complete master of cinematic farce, [director] Veber's latest venture, The Valet, makes creating deliciously funny comedy look a lot easier than it has any right to.
Snappy, sunny fun.
It hurtles toward its foregone denouement with such a whirligig gust of madcap spirits, you might need to readjust your hair as you head out of the theater.
Veber, clearly a fan of the golden age comedies of Billy Wilder, Howard Hawks and Preston Sturges, is a worthy successor.
A sunny, cheerful, thoroughly artificial concoction, going nowhere with no particular speed. Still, better than your average airplane movie.
So light on its feet it barely touches the ground; of course, as the French know, the ground can be highly overrated.
A sweet little movie worth many smiles and possibly an occasional laugh or two.
This latest French farce from Oscar-nominee Francis Veber (La Cage aux Folles) is another sophisticated screwball comedy right up there with the best of Billy Wilder.
Resistance to The Valet is futile: The tumblers of this well-oiled entertainment machine make satisfying clicks as the pieces lock merrily into place.
Feydeau lives!
This isn't to diminish The Valet's good times, only to admit that it'll inevitably wind up with an English-language makeover and an 8 p.m. slot on ABC.
Ah, the French. They've been so good at mining romantic entanglement for veins of comedy for so long they more or less own the lease. While that may be argued, this bomblet of bumbling unbelievability will tickle us in the right places.
Another tidy and pleasing addition to the filmmaker's oeuvre.
[A] familiar mixture of hilarious antics and a first-rate cast, with a plot as complicated as any a farce, needing to manoeuvre in countless directions to stretch the joke to feature length.
There is nothing like a Francis Veber comedy to lift the spirits and Veber is at it again, spinning an amusing and uplifting tale about love and duplicity.



@highlight

Like much of director Francis Veber's work, The Valet is a witty, madcap farce with memorably zany characters.