I have the horrible feeling that in cold print that sounds a lot livelier than it is. In practice, it plays like an overlong round of Whose Line Is It Anyway? where all the participants are stoned.
All laurels eventually become resting grounds, and with Coffee and Cigarettes, Jim Jarmusch rides his own coattails, with none of the panache that defined his earlier work.
... an anthology of curiosities, some more curious than others, wound around a diverse cast paired off for random ramblings over caffeine and nicotine.
Curious collection of shorts will bore most kids.
Independent filmmaking grandfather Jim Jarmusch conceives the laziest and most tiring movie of his career with a series of vignettes calculated around celebrities talking over coffee and cigarettes.
Bitingly witty and fun.
Jarmusch continues to be one of the most intriguing and compelling filmmakers of the age.
...a brilliant examination of the nature of the modern encounter.
A little less than half of the film worked for me, which cannot justify a recommendation.
Between the wry trademark Jarmusch deadpan humor (and there is quite a bit of it) and the great cast, this one is worth a look, particularly for those already in the Jarmusch camp.
Often gorgeous and poetic film.
No matter how respected a celebrity is, watching him or her jabber about caffeine's stimulative power is not revealing.
Eleven smart breaks from everyday reality.
Coffee and Cigarettes feels thin and slight at times.... But at its best, the movie achieves the charm and delight that underscores Jarmusch's best work
Arranged in short episodes, each composed entirely of awkward and embarassed conversation between midlevel celebs, Coffee and Cigarettes entertains fitfully.
Falls flat as often as it makes magic, the cumulative effect as comforting as a night spent at your coffee shop taking in humanity's endlessly colourful social exchanges.
there are some amazing standout performances (Cate Blanchett, Alfred Molina and Steve Coogan). Otherwise, it's just a bit of diverting fluff.
A caffeinated exercise in nonsequitur metaphysics...
Coffee and Cigarettes will either entertain or madden you. Maybe both.
Embarrassingly lopsided between the evocative talents of its starry cast and crew members and the sheer banality of what Jarmusch has actually invited them to participate in.
It's endearing, plotless and strange.
Ordinary people don't generally go for Jarmusch's quirky films, and while this won't earn him a huge mainstream audience, it is accessible in a harmless, unpretentious way.
The segments are uneven, some so wispy they all but evaporate off the screen, but the ones that work prove once again that Jarmusch is one of the most dryly amusing, smartest and original independent filmmakers around.
What unites everything is Jarmusch's playful, hang-dog absurdism.
By Jarmusch's own previously set standards in such films as Stranger Than Paradise, Ghost Dog, and Dead Man, Coffee and Cigarettes serves up a weak brew.
A black-and-white novelty that plays like a directing-class exercise, you take your good with your bad with this one.
Jarmusch concocts a comedic anthology that's calculated, arbitrary and inconsistent -- and so hilarious when it works that you'll forget any regrets before the last cup is downed.
While the collection of vignettes offers a few great pleasures, in the context of Jim Jarmusch's oeuvre, it is slight.
As with any collection of shorts, some work better than others. Here, though, none is a failure and a few are fabulous.
An oddball tribute to the art of conversation -- you know, just hanging out and talking with friends.
I came out of the theater as refreshed as if I were coming out of a coffeehouse.
Talk, mood and feel dominate as action fades into the background. The air is filled with the sting of smoke, buttressed by the heavy smell of a dark brew.
The film is a series of scenes, skits, episodes, that show two or sometimes three people smoking and sipping and conversing, usually in grungy places and usually improvising -- at least that's the intended impression.
The vignettes have the pleasant cumulative effect of making us slow down to smell the coffee.
As infuriating and inconsistent as a film can get. Some of its scenes are quite dull and dry, yet others are fascinating and funny. And others still are just head-scratchingly weird.
Bill Murray evokes a few guffaws in one skit here, but other segments fail to elicit much interest or laughter.
It is decaffeinated to the point of paralysis, which is the opposite reaction the stimulants in question typically produce.
Star appeal aside, I needed a cup of joe to get through this one.
A hit-or-miss movie.
Plays like a group of actors giving their best effort for ten minutes or so in order to win some coveted role.
Jarmusch missed his mark; trying to present simple, non-dramatic moments but using celebrities
The work of a filmmaker so convinced of his own hipness and secure in his cult status that he needn't concern himself with such niceties as clever writing.
The films have been exhibited over the years at festivals and museums but, viewed together, they cohere surprisingly well.
It's the rare chance to glimpse the doodles of an auteur.
An irresistible idea results in a movie as hazy and sometimes as irritating as cigarette smoke.
At least three of the spots make the hour and a half worthwhile through an addicting blend of hilarity and beauty.
Sometimes movies tire us by trying too relentlessly to pound us with their brilliance and energy. Here is a movie pitched at about the energy level of a coffee break.
The short form looks like a genuine alternative in Jarmusch's hands because of what he does with it.
Though Coffee and Cigarettes provokes the occasional buzz, it is really just a respite from any serious business [Jarmusch] may have planned, or may be putting off.
You have to revisit that record time after time to appreciate the concept, to figure it out, to admire it, to groove on it, to get it.
They did manage to achieve the near-impossible: to show all that coffee drinking without a single Starbucks, but that certainly doesn't qualify as entertainment.
[T]here is a refreshing rough-and-tumble energy to the films, even the ones that don't fully gel.
It has the sad, goofy charm of a silent comedy with Buster Keaton, a Jarmusch favorite, with passive-aggressive hits and flashes of barely contained antagonism.
Although this talky collection of black-and-white films from Jim Jarmusch ... has the potential to drive anyone into the lobby, it rewards those who are patient.
Although it flat-lines repeatedly in episodes that feel like improvised acting exercises, the film is more than intermittently amusing and occasionally hilarious.
The draggy ones make you restless while the best ones, like the movie's title ingredients, provide a buzz that doesn't last long enough.
Brilliant when it's working and dull as dishwater when it's not.
Coffee and Cigarettes will attract fans of Jim Jarmusch's quirky film style and offbeat humor.
An anthology of curiosities, some more curious than others...
An amusing selection of vignettes.
Myself, I loved it -- as much for the self-conscious banality and surreal pointlessness of its dialogue, which unravels over the course of 11 more or less unrelated vignettes, as for its austerely retro black-and-white photography.
Nearly all are almost painfully self-conscious as the actors strain for the hip brand of improvised spontaneity that is usually guaranteed by a Jarmusch production.
Jarmusch demonstrates once again why he is the sultan of strange encounters.
There are few things more boring than cool. Cool keeps to itself; cool doesn't reveal itself. For cool to be cool, it has to be part of a larger story. Here it's not.
The old (well, only 51) hipster may get you hooked on segments, sure as nicotine loves caffeine, but the addiction is passing.
Things pick up with the latter pieces, which were shot independently of any ongoing Jarmusch production and consequently feel less like outtakes, afterthoughts.
A collection of 11 vignettes, two of which are good.
It's all weird. It's often humourous. It can be a tad precious but it's mostly very engaging.
Expect a map, and you'll be sorely disappointed. Work to make one, and you'll be happily addicted.
Jarmusch has aged into a hipster of a sly, vulnerable vintage.
Though Jarmusch is fond of deflecting gestalt reads of his films individually and collectively, make no mistake that there is a meticulous structure.
It is way cool -- and funny -- in ways that more expensive comedies trying harder rarely are.
The film begins on a comparative high note with Roberto Benigni and Steven Wright as two good-natured screwballs, and it ends with a lyrically poignant epiphany with Bill Rice and the once-impish Taylor Mead.
Discussing his innovative combinations of alternative medicine and music, RZA provides a clever gloss on his own numerologizing and Eastern philosophizing.
A doodle on the notepad of a major filmmaker -- sort of a charming stopgap between bigger and better Jarmusch pictures.
He obsessively contrives his characters and situations to work toward something -- a point, a message, a statement.
The movie abounds in stellar moments.
Some of the conversations are beyond cryptic, and a few of the scenes drag a bit. But seven or eight of the 10 short films are as addictive as caffeine.
From one scene to the next, you never know what to expect, and that's thrilling.
those who remain patient through the film's several dry spells will be richly rewarded in the end stretch
The last two skits are the best; the first features Bill Murray, RZA, and GZA, and the second stage actors Bill Rice and Taylor Mead.
Feel so haphazardly conceived and slapped together that one wonders for whom this compilation was made.
While sometimes evocative, they don't add up to a satisfying movie any more than, as several characters are cautioned, coffee and cigarettes constitute a healthy lunch.
Despite glimmers of wit and a hipper-than-thou cast, it's painstakingly smug, and smaller than the sum of its parts.
Flat and uninspired.
In a world where even the independent filmmakers are all starting to look alike, it's a pleasure to welcome back the one-of-a-kind eccentricities of a true original.
A couple of the sketches in the middle drag lifelessly, but the best ones -- usually revolving around a sharp satire of celebrity -- buoy the whole.
Nine of the shorts are instantly forgettable, two are wryly amusing and one is a knockout.
This is a film for people who want something more than predictable entertainment. It's for people who love to watch people.
While a few are touched by brilliance and a few more are mildly amusing, others provide ample opportunity for leaving the theater to buy popcorn or take a coffee break.
There is art here, and amusement to be had. But most of it is of an arch and trifling nature, as lasting as a chemical rush and ephemeral as smoke.
At best, an interesting idea that seems to get lost in the cigarette smoke
May inspire a shrug from most viewers, but it has lingered with me, growing sillier and more charming each time I think about it.
It's like a showcase for actors to be seen by agents and casting directors, except this ensemble is already made of stars and celebrities.
Eleven slices of comedy heaven.
Of the twelve shorts, there's really only three that are good and a few that are passable. The other half are uninteresting, poor, and at times, incredibly painful to watch.
This delightful confection of short vignettes centered around java and smoking offers a whimsical glimpse of American envy, addiction, humor and pop culture.
It's a slow burn at times, but in the end, it's as satisfying as a good cup of, well, you know what.
Has a student film quality in its conception and realization
Jarmusch has a great gift for playing actors against one another, for finding complementary eccentrics (Murray and RZA) and uncovering rare gems (Bill Rice and Taylor Mead in 'Champagne').
Jim Jarmusch's anthology of minor-key vignettes is a celebration of caffeine, nicotine and the indolent pleasure of sitting around and consuming them.
Some are weak, some are superb ... but they get better as they go along, ending with the most understated and touching of all, featuring Taylor Mead and Bill Rice as cultural rebels who've outlived their rebellions.
It's worth fidgeting through the mediocre stuff to get to three good pieces.
Jarmusch the sly formalist, it seems, has become a virtuoso of the interpersonal duet.
Subdued when it should be overblown and worthwhile when it should be a trifle.
Never more or less than what it appears to be, the film is a slow honky-tonk thud-beat, only intermittently punctuated by a joke or idea.
A series of vignettes, mostly unworkable.
thoughtfully observes the human compulsion to connect via conversation in all its glorious absurdity
Most successful are the mini-comedies with a loose punchline, while others barely qualify as character sketches.
Sure, it's just two or three people bonding over the twin addictions of the title. But Jarmusch makes it a feast that plays like a haunting concept album.
The short films in this collection are dreamily affecting curiosities, stilted and just enough off-kilter to keep the viewer attentive.
After aimless improv with Benigni and Waits, a binary appearance by Cate Blanchett shows us what the term "screen star" means. Her sample reel is tops.
apt to provide a slight, delectable buzz but little nutritional value
Alas, Coffee and Cigarettes is more fun to reminisce about afterwards than it is to endure.
Most of the shorts, despite the star power on tap, are negligible.
A consistently amusing collection of 10 black-and-white shorts shot over the past two decades.











@highlight

Episodes vary in quality, but overall this talky film is quirkily engaging.