The drop is an enjoyable and satisfying underworld thriller.
Happily, The Drop packs an emotional wallop.
A puppy upstages James Gandolfini in his final film.
'The Drop' reminds us of what Gandolfini always did well: providing support, heft, and color, in the tradition of our finest character actors.
The film has loose ends and doesn't quite catch fire but the ending is excellent and lifts it over the line.
Gandolfini died suddenly, at age 51, shortly after finishing The Drop. That leaves us hanging on his every exquisitely timed pause, and sensing the sheer weight of his personality every time he enters a room.
Free of the extraneous nuts and bolts that so often come with crime dramas, turning simple moments like a well-placed umbrella into something genuinely menacing.
Aside from a few memorable exchanges and effective bursts of violence, The Drop could've use more imagination to distinguish itself from the pack.
Gandolfini, of course, owns this turf, and the late actor goes out strong -- he can suggest a lifetime's frustration just by the way he shoulders his bulk out of a car.
The Drop is one of the finest crime dramas you're likely to see in a long time, graced by some truly exceptional performances.
Hardy does his sweet-and-tender-hooligan specialty.
Movies seldom did right by Gandolfini, though he always did right by them.
The Drop is an enigma.
The film is just three degrees off being brilliant yet is always creepingly moving, and I loved its lived-in squalor.
As a vehicle for those two actors, The Drop is gangbusters.
Dark and moody, clever and artful with a twist on cliché, "The Drop" is a surprising and tantalizing fall crime drama sprinkled with indelible moments provided by the consistently extraordinary Tom Hardy.
It's a slow and steady mystery with a couple scenes sure to make your jaw drop.
Directed flatly and with disappointing tone deafness by Michael R. Roskam (Bullhead), the movie's various plot threads never weave together convincingly.
It's a classic case of a little becoming a lot onscreen on the basis of a single impressive performance.
It's not clear how accurate "The Drop" is as a Brooklyn movie, but it feels like it's an accurate portrayal of something.
Lehane, the hardboiled master, has almost gone soft here.
The movie looks like every other cynical slice of lowlife from The Friends of Eddie Coyle to Killing Me Softly. At least the puppy is convincing.
A throwback to the character-driven New York crime films of the 1970s, aided in no small part by being filmed in areas of Brooklyn that don't look like they've changed much in the past 40 years.
It's a tense and unsettling, but extremely well-acted and compelling, picture of down-and-almost-outers trying to get by, honestly or otherwise.
The Drop is an atmospheric crime story with fine performances, especially from star Tom Hardy. As for the plot - well, it keeps the characters busy.
It's basically a murky, mobbed-up character study dressed up as a grubby thriller with an overqualified cast of imported stars ...
This is actually Lehane's first try at a screenplay in his own right, and he's not out to make friends or soothe nerves on any front.
The filmmakers had me at "Tom Hardy with a puppy".
Hardy makes Bob a gripping combination of vulnerability and potential menace, and Gandolfini, in his final role, delivers another vivid gangster portrait.
Hardy gives almost nothing away for long stretches of this slow-burning thriller. He saves it all for a brutal and genuinely surprising finale.
The plot, setting and supposed twists are all mightily familiar but it's worth a punt due to Tom Hardy and the late James Gandolfini.
This is Hardy's film.
A film that seems perfectly suited for how we'll remember Gandolfini: a deceptively menacing presence in a world of organized crime.
Hardy delivers an excellent, slow-simmering performance, and the rest of the cast is first-rate. But "The Drop" is not the most thrilling of dramas.
I have the distinct impression the film could have slid off into the territory of the hokey, or at least forgettable. Thankfully, Hardy and Gandolfini have it under control.
The Drop is predictable but this portrait of greed and ambition on the mean streets of New York hits most of the right menacing notes.
At times, the setting seems ready to swallow Bob whole. Roskam's leisurely pace only seems to make the inevitable seem more ominous.
The Drop is as much a character study as it is a crime drama.
A superbly paced and performed crime thriller that gives weight to the concept of mortal sin.
Belgian director Michaël R. Roskam, making his American film debut, shows that he's a skilled steward of actors, characters and shadowy crime drama.
This is a decent drama. It's not ruined by overly convenient moments or unbelievable twists (as tends to be case with such films).
The star of the show is Hardy, muted for much of the running time but centre stage when it counts. His stealth turn makes for a rewarding thriller.
Certainly not your average crime flick, The Drop has much more subtle sensibilities than its equivalent British or Hollywood contemporaries, and that is assuredly a good thing.
A slow-burning intensity sets this crime thriller apart from the crowd, directed by Belgian filmmaker Michael Roskam with a sharp focus on flawed characters who continually surprise each other.
There's an unshakable sense of menace throughout the low-key mob movie The Drop that lifts it above the outward cliches of its story
For all its ponderous tone and pedigree, this remains lightweight stuff, rehashing familiar neo-noir riffs while over-exercising its central "dog's life" metaphor.
Making his debut as a screenwriter, Lehane blends gritty urban noir with a fable-like story of sin and redemption. With Roskam keeping a firm grip on the twisty plot while sustaining a claustrophobic atmosphere, it's a surprisingly successful mix.
A gangster film that is elevated above that genre by the presence of Gandolfini, just as he pushed The Sopranos beyond, well, everything that came before.
The performances are as rich and moody as the cinematography.
There's something especially poignant about watching an actor who is no longer with us doing, one final time, what he did best.
Surprisingly, the interchanges between Gandolfini and Hardy compare favourably with those between Rod Steiger and Marlon Brando in On the Waterfront.
The Drop is the last film Gandolfini made before his death. As send-offs go, it ain't too shabby.
A low-key thriller that prizes texture and character over genre thrills, featuring one of the great James Gandolfini's final performances.
The tone is uneven, and the end a little queasy, but The Drop's unusual chemistry keeps the minimal plot ticking over nicely.
A well-crafted swansong for the great Gandolfini in the same genre that propelled him to global attention and a reminder of how much he'll be missed.
It is a gripping drama, showing how crime is partly a planned and intelligible activity, in which gangsters ruthlessly prosecute clearly defined interests, but also partly random, irrational and almost arbitrary.
Unpredictable, richly crafted, and beautifully written, The Drop is like the best liquor from the top shelf: it goes down hard and harsh, but it hangs on and gets its hooks right into you.
Obvious and familiar in outline, the plot also has its share of pointless complications, mostly involving "backstory" from 10 years earlier.
The Drop stays impressively tight: a handful of lives in the balance and a 2am deadline make for an arresting conclusion.
Give it a go if only to see Gandolfini shine one last time.
Refreshingly unconventional narrative developments, complex characters and great performances
Cements Tom Hardy's reputation as one of the most effortlessly mesmerizing actors working today.
Tom Hardy is ideal casting in what is, essentially, a character study of a loner with an uncommonly strong moral code, albeit warped by his environment.
A slightly artful but satisfying character piece.
The cute puppy almost steals the show but Hardy is ace and quite the watchable chameleon in his surprising switch from lovable dumb ox to cannier-than-we-thought.
A sombre, '70s-flavoured crime drama with strong, interior performances from Hardy, Gandolfini and Rapace. Feel the (slow)burn.
Hardy's performance is sublime, making every action and word of dialogue meaningful
Gripping pot-boiler crime drama.
The material lends itself to a succinct crime picture but the filmmakers have greater ambitions: they're trying to evoke the feel of a wilting community. It doesn't work.
Although it tends to indulge in cliches, the performances help to smooth out some of the rough edges.
Bob may have the beefed up body of a bouncer but Hardy continually emphasises his softer, hesitant side, his body language screaming flight even though he is built to fight.
You have to sit through the slow parts to savor the cool parts. The movie's little surprise is that you didn't waste your time watching it; you were just being primed for an explosion of low volume and high impact.
The Drop sees our hopes plummet to the ground with a resounding thud, squandering the brilliant Tom Hardy and much-missed James Gandolfini with a poorly contrived tale that's often alienating to watch.
As tightly plotted and character-driven as one might expect from the author of Mystic River and Gone Baby Gone ...
Superb Acting and Drama
If you follow your instincts and bolt at the start of this sturdy and bleak noir, you'll miss Tom Hardy creating a thing of beauty yet again.
This is a movie you stumble across when hunting for something to watch: goodish, with the right dreary atmosphere.
The uneasy sense of never being quite sure what to think about anyone or anything played to perfection.
Top-quality genre filmmaking.
The setting's gloom seeps into the whole movie, making it feel longer and draggier than it is.
Tom Hardy continues to stretch and James Gandolfini's last movie is deadly intense.
The drama of this mean-streets tale is told on the deceptively gentle face of Tom Hardy. Don't let him out of your sight. (Not that you'll be able to.)
Despite its conclusion, The Drop is a stirring drama and another reason to keep an eye on Roskam's exciting career.
The Drop doesn't just offer James Gandolfini's last screen performance. It reminds us character-driven mob movies still matter.
The entire film vibrates with understated tension, but almost never raises its voice above a hissed threat or a discomfited mutter.
A modest, slow-burn screenplay that's more about revealing its central characters than spinning a compelling yarn, which is certainly no sin.
A parable of the wages of sin that trades handily on the long history of the genre's sentimentality about honor among thieves, The Drop is quiet -- and quietly gripping.
Roskam emphasizes character and dialogue first, giving the main characters -- as well as a handful of supporters -- a strong inner life.
Lehane's punchy dialogue and the brooding atmosphere keep you watching even as you fear The Drop might not amount to anything substantial but this is a film that's just waiting to strike and tighten its screws.
Dennis Lahane, why did you wait so long?
Considering Gandolfini is best known for his work on TV's The Sopranos, it's fitting that he makes his swan song with another piece of crime time programming.
A dark but enthralling drama that casts a shadow of violence over every scene.
Suspensefully gritty, neo-noir character study, revealing the sleazy underbelly of an urban crime drama.
The Drop is ultimately a solid mood piece, with strong performances that help elevate it above its derivative story elements.
And a puppy shall lead them.
A convincing crime thriller and a worthy final feature for the late James Gandolfini...
It's an odd one, but the movie has a terrific curveball that's worth the patience required to digest all its eccentricities.
The tension crackles constantly, with potential violence seething just below the surface in almost every scene. Regardless of the story, and this is a good one, this film would be worth seeing if only for the acting.
It's a slow burn crime thriller that doesn't overstay its welcome and offers the audience a lot to think about without being too heavy-handed.
The Drop's unpredictability is organic rather than sensationalistic. The movie doesn't pull surprises out of thin air for the sole purpose of shocking an audience - it lets them develop naturally.
The stunner of a performance in The Drop comes from Hardy, who once again loses himself completely in a role.
The Drop is a small, slow-burning character study stuffed with fully realized, lived-in characters. And it further bolsters the case for Hardy's status as the film world's finest actor whom the average moviegoer still can't quite place.
Tom Hardy may be the most adorable gangster ever. That's not the aim, of course, of The Drop--to make the mob charming.
'The Drop' has a most unexpected yet satisfying third act. Characters, schemes and back stories converge with a bang.
After a hum-drum year of wannabe crime thrillers (and movies in general), it's nice to see something elevated above the norm...
Bob's world seems measured in the call of others for him to do something, his name incurred the way you'd call out to a devoted if beat-down dog. "Bob!" "Bob!" But each cur will have his cure.
Not that it needed demonstrating, but Hardy once again shows what quiet force and phenomenal range he has. He's like a young Liam Neeson with Michael Fassbender chops.
The power to turn a so-so script into a half-decent movie with nothing but one's own acting prowess and personal magnetism is a mighty power indeed.
Lehane's climactic plot twist is all the more laudable because it springs directly from complexity of character; you realize the truth has been obscured not through a writer's trickery but through your own simple reading of the action.
Suffice to say that it's packed with tiny, telling details, some of which are relevant but all of which add dimension to the tale.
It's a slow-cooking set-up for a startling climax. One, thanks to fine acting, that comes with powerful revelations.
Roskam directs The Drop to handsome effect, throwing a handful of dazzling compositions in among shots that get the job done.
Hardy [gives] another of those ambiguous, don't-turn-your-back-on-him performances that make him an asset to any film.
I found this dark odyssey through an amoral dream Brooklyn curiously invigorating; it's a masterful construction that held me rapt from first shot to last, that builds intense electrical energy and then releases it.
The Drop represents the kind of standard I wish Hollywood would aim to hit more often. While not a revelation in any capacity, it's made with confidence and has enough emotion to justify a visit.
The movie's slow burn pacing may try some viewers' patience. But if you can hang in there until the final act -- where the movie ratchets up the tension, making one edgy with anticipation -- then you'll find the investment worth it.
Another pulp noir gem based on a story by Dennis Lehane and a great final bow from Gandolfini.
"And forgive us our trespasses, as we forgive -- look, a puppy!"
The Drop is a pleasant reminder that the days of the quiet 70's crime drama are not completely gone.
(Hardy's) understated performance elevates a solid, if unexceptional Dennis Lehane screenplay into a vivid character study.
...it's Hardy's incredibly moving performance that lingers most of all.
With The Drop it's more about atmosphere than story -- more crime and character than mystery and suspense
Without Tom Hardy, it could have become just another crime drama. With him, though, it's something else entirely - something alive, tightly wound and irresistible.
The film loves its gritty, desperate characters and their attempts (often misguided, sometimes tragic) to reach for something a little bigger than themselves.
With the arrival of The Drop, a disturbingly dark little thriller that wears its tension like a badge, the fall film season has arrived with a deadly bang.
Roskam treats the material with reverence, and the working-class Brooklyn setting with a painterly eye.
In the end, this tale of lonely souls and soulless thugs - of money and morality - even feels kind of hopeful.
Rapace somehow layers on a New York accent, Hardy brings his sweet, slow fuse and Gandolfini ... well, he makes you ache for more.
What's fascinating and ultimately frustrating about these characters is how they find ways to talk about anything but what they know to be the truth.
A nearly flawless crime thriller, subtle when it needs to be and dramatically overwhelming at just the right punctuation marks.
While it might be fairly predictable and isn't the speediest of films, it's not bad watching this pot -- and plot -- start to boil. (Full Content Review for Parents also available)
The Drop is steeped in a simmering underworld familiar to fans of late directors Sidney Lumet and Arthur Penn, and stripped of primary colours like their '70s cinema classics.
James Gandolfini's final film role: quietly magnificent work.
While "The Drop" has an enviable feeling for the dark end of the street, the kind of across-the-board success it's seeking remains just out of reach.
Hardy's quiet power is beautifully restrained.
This is a film rife with simmering menace.
There's an inescapable sense that The Drop ought to be special, and not just a more elegant take on the kind of 1970s crime film Sidney Lumet used to make. Ultimately, that's all it is.
Less than top-drawer Lehane but well worth watching all the same.
Gandolfini is perfect, but he's really just playing a less classy version of Anthony Soprano. With this being his very last role, the fact that he's back playing a mobster is satisfying, but truly sad.
Hardy delivers a truly riveting performance as the apparent nice guy in the hood. How can you not admire someone who takes an injured dog home?
Fine performances, including Gandolfini's last, help compensate for a patchwork plot by first-time screenwriter Dennis Lehane.
In his final role, Gandolfini may be playing a mobbed-up man again, but he was too gifted an actor to repeat himself.
May be remembered primarily as the last film featuring the late James Gandolfini, but it possesses many virtues beyond his stellar performance.
The Drop is being sold as a crime thriller, a dark drama. But much more of The Drop is a character study of Bob (Tom Hardy), a Brooklyn bartender who finds himself on the periphery of a series of horrible events.
a great acting turn by Hardy can't salvage the feeling of superficiality and sameness.
Tom Hardy plays such a lovable sweet boy that he makes Ryan Gosling look like he shoots child porn by comparison. The Drop is the best kind of movie-movie, good while dancing right on the edge of being bad.
A well-paced and expertly acted film that serves as a fitting end to one actor's career and the exciting emergence of another.
The most depressing thing about The Drop is how bland, boring and banal it is compared to Roskam's previous film Bullhead; it's essentially every other low-budget crime indie form the past 10 years at once.
Like Gandolfini, the deep Brooklyn of "The Drop" is formidable, bona fide and memorable.
Convincingly conceived, so detailed and acutely observed ...
With actors as interesting as Hardy, Gandolfini and Rapace, at least the cliches in "The Drop" have a fighting chance of holding your attention alongside the odd severed limb.
Dennis Lehane's first foray into film writing lacks the crackling wit and quick pace of his other thrillers, although it does have a few good performances.
Where did this frustrating movie go wrong? There are multiple possible choke points.
The dramatically explosive ending of The Drop more than justifies its long, long fuse, resulting in two Big Bangs that create not a moral universe, but a multiverse of moralities the characters can adopt as needed.
For all its scabby-edged brio and canine existentialism, The Drop falls just shy of genuine neo-noir nastiness. It barks, it even bites, but it fails to draw much blood from the viewer.
Hardy gets the vast majority of screen time, and he handles the heavy lifting like a pro.
Not just a riveting crime drama but also an excellent showcase of Tom Hardy's talent.
The movie belongs to Tom Hardy.
While director Michael Roskam lays the groundwork for a heist thriller, "The Drop" is fueled by character, not plot.
"The Drop" could have been an ordinary crime drama, but it's elevated by extraordinary performances.
"The Drop" would be totally forgettable, except for one thing- it's the final screen performance by James Gandolfini.
The Drop is a taut yarn that bides its time. Slow-burning tension, dark wit and superlative performances will keep audiences captivated.
The Drop, a potent, propulsive crime drama, gives us one more chance to salute the formidable talent of a remarkable actor [James Gandolfini] who died in June 2013 at age 51.
Roskam's sensibilities wouldn't seem to mesh with such a distinctly American crime story, but his attention to character detail crosses all borders.
No, the performances are good enough, the story engaging enough, but The Drop never convinces us that the events unfolding on the screen are more than a filmmaker's conceit.
Gandolfini's last screen performance and another great one from Tom Hardy are the highlights of a crime thriller from Lehane, the author of "Gone Baby Gone" and "Mystic River."
"The Drop" is just how I like my Tom Hardy -- in nearly every scene.
Mr. Roskam's direction is gratifyingly loose. He lets the story, which is really the least interesting part of the movie, more or less take care of itself, allowing us to savor pungent morsels of dialogue and bits of low-key actorly showboating.
Lehane adapted The Drop from one of his own short stories, and it has the feel of a modest yarn stretched uncomfortably to feature length.
"The Drop" doesn't always feel fresh, but its dialogue is smart and its cast is vivid; you'll want to leave this neighborhood, but not before the story is done.
The Drop really understands the psychology of these characters in a way that gives the proceedings a different bent than the usual caper.
There's a lot of repressed rage in The Drop, a Dennis Lehane crime story about a lonely Brooklyn barkeep who's drawn out of his self-imposed isolation ...
A perfectly respectable crime-drama that's only hindered by the fact it feels redundant to a genre that's already become fairly oversaturated.
Director Michael Roskam favors mood, symbolism, and character over action, spectacle and plot; indeed, what plot there is serves the revelation of character.
You're always wondering whether there's something slightly off about Bob, or maybe even a brutality to him that he's working to keep at bay. You fear for him once things get going, but also for anyone who pushes him too far.
The Drop breathes fresh life into the often predictable milieu of New York crime and criminals.
The first almost-great/really good film of the fall.
With its optimistic ending, the film muddies its previous statements regarding the danger of unthinkingly hanging on to totems of the past.
You wait for ominous clouds to fulminate. They never quite do.
Its heart lies in the noirish past of both movies and literature.
Watching Tom Hardy act in this film is, in a word, exhilarating.
An enjoyable, grimy little crime drama, with a few overly arty camera angles but enough flashes of honest emotion (and at least two surprisingly cold bits of violence) to make it worth your while.
A sharp, character-rooted crime film.
Tom Hardy gives another terrific performance as a Brooklyn bartender in writer Dennis Lehane's adaptation of his own short story.
The combination of Lehane's terse, punchy dialogue and cleverly constructed plot with Roskam's fondness for character and fresh eye for American locales makes for an idiosyncratic, slow-burning tale that ultimately satisfies.
It's Hardy's performance, above everything else, that sneaks up on you.
A little slow-going but overall a solid character-driven underworld tale. Tom Hardy is terrific.
Returns the erstwhile Tony Soprano to the world of crime, albeit at a lower rung and without the explosive temper.
At one point during the press screening, in fact, I almost jotted down "watered-down Dennis Lehane" until I remembered that Lehane himself actually wrote this script, based on his short story "Animal Rescue."
"Beyond the clunky inelegance of the plot, none of the actors are given much do that you haven't seen a hundred times before in far more inspired crime dramas."

@highlight

There's no shortage of similarly themed crime dramas, but The Drop rises above the pack with a smartly written script and strong cast.