A new confrontation between vampires and werewolves that breathes life into a saga only suitable for fans. [Full review in Spanish]
[There is] apparent lack of interest written on the face of the lead star Kate Beckinsale - she's not even the most interesting character in a series built around her, and it's obvious she's simply going through the motions to collect another pay check.
A woman at the helm not only infuses the series with some new blood, but also inherently brings the defiantly feminist voice of the series' protagonist into the foreground.
It's just vampires vs werewolves for the next 90 blood-soaked minutes, and there's nothing remotely difficult about keeping up with that.
Underworld: Blood Wars is a nonsense movie that barely hangs together and no one seems interested in actually being in it.
It resides smack dab in the middle of a franchise that has ranged from "bad" to "irredeemably awful".
What on earth are vampires and werewolves doing blazing away with machine guns anyway?
Too trashy to be good, but as trash it's not too bad.
If the franchise's first female helmer brings any distaff distinction to the assignment, it may be in the presentation of Lara Pulver as a new vampire villain who flashes enough fang, skin and wit to be more than a match for the humorless Beckinsale.
Right in line with its awful predecessor...
Either do something new and different with the Underworld franchise, or better yet, leave it dead.
The fifth movie in this supernatural action/horror series isn't the worst, but it isn't very good, either; it has moments of mindless fun, but also too much seriousness and mood-killing awkwardness.
Underworld: Blood Wars exists on another plane of lousy from its predecessors, a product hustled into cinemas with no regard for its competence or its well being as cinema. It's the rare dud that you'll pity as much as revile.
Over the years, the Underworld franchise has steadily evolved into the Attack of the Sexy Halloween Costumes.
[Beckinsale] deserves better, and looks like she knows it.
It's still surprising that, at this point, an actress like Kate Beckinsale hasn't had enough of a flat and vainly tormented character as the vampire Selene. [Full review in Spanish]
The weakest entry in a generally mediocre franchise.
This slick, violent but insubstantial picture will sate existing fans but has little chance of connecting with new ones.
If you're looking for action, suspense, and horror, see another movie because Underworld: Blood Wars has none of that. What you will see is Selene and fellow Vampires stand around and complain while they talk one another to death.
The goth fetish horror series carries on regardless in this agreeable fifth episode, the first from a female director.
Becomes an unrelenting, unremarkable special-effects bloodbath.
Too soulless to recommend and too serious to have a good time with, Blood Wars is yet another uninspired installment in a flat saga.
A film that sticks to its fidelity but causes total disinterest if one is not a fan of this saga. [Full review in Spanish]
I don't care and can't even begin to pretend to care.
What a shame, then, about the lukewarm and largely lumpen results.
Underworld: Blood Wars is the fifth instalment in the long-running B-movie vampire franchise that bizarrely, and appropriately enough, refuses to die.
Is a movie beginning with a two-minute recap of previous installments not more like the start of a TV show's latest season? Should we call it True Blood Wars instead?
I still find Underworld to be a fun series, one that Beckinsale anchors with more gravitas and enthusiasm than it perhaps deserves.
For those of you who enjoy the Underworld movies, I'm still keen on recommending that you see Blood Wars on the big screen.
If the Underworld series has finally run out of steam in its fifth chapter, at least it goes out with a decent enough bang.
Underworld initiates are highly recommended to have at least a passing acquaintance of the previous four films to suss out exactly what the myriad power plays going on here are all about.
Whoever wins, we snooze.
Possibly the nail in the coffin of this dreary vampire series.
I can't say that I'd recommend Underworld: Blood Wars to anyone but the hardest of core fans.
Blood Wars is the fifth installment in the Underworld series. It is likely to prove largely incomprehensible to anyone who hasn't seen the previous four.
Monotony soon sinks in thanks to side-tracking flashbacks, trite dialogue and snigger-inducing seriousness.
Underworld: Blood Wars is a poorly-constructed slog of a sequel that fails to engage the audience in any impactful manner.
The entire film has the same blue-and-black color palette, and it gets really samey and visually dreary. It means visibility in a lot of scenes is pretty poor.
A surprisingly decent film, and easily the best of the series.
Kate Beckinsale deserves better than this. Always has.
Foerster's injection of new blood fails to rejuvenate the franchise, which remains as tedious as ever thanks to a dismal screenplay and a stultifying lack of imagination.
This has been a regular payday for Beckinsale and she certainly gives it her all, but you have to wonder why she bothers, certainly now that we know what she can do with more interesting material.
Coming off a long overdue reunion with Whit Stillman in the Jane Austen adaptation Love & Friendship, Kate Beckinsale returns here to the role that has been wasting her gifts as a comic actor for going on 14 years.
If the Underworld franchise was ever any good, that era has long since past.
I VANT to VATCH an-AH-ther FEELM.
It might be time to put this franchise down.
Kate Beckinsale is reason enough to go see this movie.
... the franchise is for fans by fans of the series... guilty-pleasure satisfied... (but) can we get a stat sheet to see how many hit points these characters have left according to the player's guide?
It's still a mediocre rehearsal of genre conventions, and somewhat pointless ... but at least it's coherent?
For the most part, there's little to care about: Semira surfaces as the one potential source of campy fun in the film, but she's quickly ground down by the story machinations, and the fight scenes are so choppily edited that they barely register at all.
Underworld: Blood Wars is the kind of mainstream horror I want to champion, but lacklustre technical aspects nullify Kate Beckinsale's kick-ass performance.
And while the storylines may not be offering much that's new, fans of the stylized action will find the violence worth sinking their teeth into.
This film is so heavy with exposition that you would think that the director, Anna Foerster, and the screenwriter, Cory Goodman, had set out to complete a dissertation instead of a sequel.
While the film may justify its title in terms of the viscera on display, it is badly in need of a funny bone.
Whatever's vibrating on your phone is more interesting than what's onscreen.
By default, this is the best 'Underworld' yet.
An embarrassingly murky mess that takes something that could've been made into agreeably cheeseball fun and sucks all the fun out of it.
This is clearly one franchise that's been fully drained of its blood.
Whatever life there was in the first several kooky and fetishistic Selene adventures has drained away, like so much plasma dripping into the snow.
A generic, by-the-numbers genre exercise that, for all its talk of blood, is strictly anemic.
Should satisfy fans of the "Underworld" movies just enough to live up to the previous films' success ... and to guarantee that Beckinsale, if she so chooses, can ride out this saga some more.
Like the four franchise fillers that preceded it, Underworld: Blood Wars is undoubtedly impervious to bad reviews. What it needs is a stake through the heart.
This entry won't disappoint hardcore fans.
Has some good central performances, visuals and ideas but still ends up being standard series fare.
If you like watching dull characters and unconvincing CGI beasts engage in generic fighting on bargain-basement sets, this is the movie you've been waiting for!
BLOOD WARS is an UNDERWORLD flick for better or worse. While I am giving it a recommendation, it is simply meant for fans that already take delight in this longstanding fantasy adventure.
Action is replaced with world-building, keeping the fourth sequel to the 2003 original more about course-correction than promised combat.
As ponderous and cliché-ridden as its predecessors, [Blood Wars] is weighted down by an abundance of dull dialogue, tacky effects and murky cinematography.
Nothing new here, sure, but perfectly well-prepared fan fodder.
It could've been a more intense and intelligent product. I can only recommend it to the fans of the saga, or those who want to have fun with a brief and cheesy adventure. [Full review in Spanish]
The most interesting thing about this film are its visuals but they don't manage to save a worn and repetitive plot. [Full review in Spanish]
By the numbers Underworld entry that brings nothing particularly novel (and well-fitting) to the formula.
There's something half-formed about the Blood Wars narrative. This is reflected in the CGI, elements of which are surprisingly crude.
There is no fun to be had in this rather forgettable... and generic continuation of a franchise which, perhaps, might be ready now to close its doors and call it a day.
The film has so many fails running through its veins. The antagonists don't have much presence, which goes hand in hand with new members of the cast that don't contribute to the image of this universe. [Full review in Spanish]
The best of Underworld: Blood Wars is in the action sequences and not in its story, which has no greater substance. [Full review in Spanish]
A basic and apathetic action film, which lacks narrative strategies to convey the pain and anguish that the protagonist suffers. [Full review in Spanish]
The fifth film of Underworld continues to make the same mistakes as in the past. Frankly, it gives the impression that the saga is going nowhere. [Full review in Spanish]
An exercise in series continuation that struggles to conjure up any chapter-specific intrigue.
That they are vampires and werewolves is almost secondary. Underworld: Blood Wars is fast-paced and fun at times, but it doesn't feel like a horror film to me.
Say this about the Underworld movies: Like the vampires they are populated with, they sure do stick around. This dull heap of action-fantasy mediocrity, one which wants to be Game of Fangs, is the fifth.
It's perfunctory, competent, but lacking in dazzle or flair. For franchise completists only.
The action uses plenty of martial arts and swordplay between the shoot-outs and fang fights, but characterisation barely expands beyond wardrobe or relationship status.
Underworld: Blood Wars, the fifth instalment, has little to recommend it on any level.
Blood Wars is unlikely to convert many new fans to the Underworld cause, but for the sizeable army of existing devotees, it delivers admirably on every front.
As for the plot this time around, it's mainly over-explanatory filler to put some space between one gizzard-ripping fight scene and the next.
...you'd be better off staying home and doing literally anything else.

@highlight

Underworld: Blood Wars delivers another round of the stylized violence that the series is known for, but -- like many fifth franchise installments -- offers precious little of interest to the unconverted.