While Adore is based on some fairly salacious material, it tries to be an earnest drama examining the nature of friendship and lust and leaving convention behind. Unfortunately, Adore is a snore.
Christopher Hampton's pared-back screenplay and Christophe Beaucarne's ravishing lensmanship locate the action in a reality that is only a blink away from the simmering landscape of the unconscious.
This film needed serious judgment: someone to rewrite the underwritten draft of the script and to have a firmer opinion on these terribly unappealing characters
There's more depth and feeling to the admittedly provocative premise of this twisted sexual drama than you might expect...It's the excoriating payoff to the story that makes Adoration a cautionary tale with a major sting.
The worst part of Adoration was when I returned to my car and had to pay for my parking, realising that the awfulness of the movie actually took a quantifiable toll on my life: 111 minutes, and $8.50.
Viewed again, far from the madding crowd and general hoo-ha of Sundance, it stands up much better than expected.
Their world seems to hover between their own fantasy and the castrated culture which Fontaine creates. A nothingness envelops them
Melodramatic with a plot more suited to a TV soapie, Christopher Hampton's adaptation of Doris Lessing's 2003 novella The Grandmothers is overblown and totally unbelievable
The film never musters the humor nor the sex appeal to carry off its study of ultra-Freudian arrested development.
Adore is just completely absurd and melodramatic, where major things happen to our protagonists and they just brush it off.
Fontaine has trouble balancing the complexities. Both women express a world of conflicting emotions in their gazes, but the younger men seem lost in their roles.
Adore is nothing more than a hateful excuse for a piece of cinema. Avoid it at all costs.
Watchable soapy melodrama enlivened by gorgeous photography and strong performances from all four leads ...
With its soap-operatic performances, bonkbuster plotline and sparkling seafront setting, all 'Adore' really lacks is a cameo from Alf Stewart
Would Fontaine have made this film if the mothers looked like and were as old as Barbra Streisand and Kathy Bates and the sons weren't built like surfers? Of course not.
Sets the bar pretty low, and achieves its goal.
'Adore' has received mostly negative reviews. The dismissiveness suggests a discomfort with the subject matter -- an unwillingness to process this particular fiction by writers who on other days grapple agreeably with haunted houses and singing chipmunks.
This isn't an Oedipus complex. This is a Preposterous complex.
Never goes into the dark, sordid territory a story such as this demands, and lacks the passion it deserves.
'Mommy Dearest,' indeed.
It makes for an ideal travelogue, for sure. But as a salacious dip into forbidden waters, it shoots nothing but blanks.
Despite the Australian surf-community setting, the film has a refreshingly grown-up European sensibility.
Cast actresses with the skills that Naomi Watts and Robin Wright bring, give their obliviously icky story some arthouse visual lyricism, and you've got "Adore."
It's not until the last 15 minutes of the film do we see consequences of the affairs on the young men's families. We wished that there would have been more of these outbursts throughout the film instead of the dreamlike state in which Adore languishes.
With all the recent flap about the casting of "Fifty Shades of Gray," here is a film that gives a whole new definition to the phrase 'mommy porn.'
a compelling, dangerous meditation on the stifling nature of convention, and the fluid nature of emotional bonding when societal norms are put aside
Adore is able to capture the indecisive nature of human desire rather effortlessly, but it's as if the drama purposely makes that indecisiveness unbearable. There's really no arguing that Adore is nothing more than a glorified chick flick.
Adore is, as my late mother would say in describing Sidney Sheldon novels, good trash.
Adore is a proudly feminist film, with both its pedigree and its themes allowing additional opportunities for women.
An exceedingly silly, sun-baked sex movie, the kind of import that adds just enough brains to its genitals to get into U.S. arthouses. (In the '70s, the mothers would have been played by Laura Antonelli and Sylvia Kristel.)
Adore is a pretty yet superficial romance that feels more like a Twitter update with #richwhitewomenproblems.
What's shocking here is how not shocking all this is. Watts and Wright provide interesting portraits of two friends who really do appear to have an unconditional fondness for each other. They make the unfathomable believable -- almost.
Unsatisfying but sexed-up drama tackles controversial theme.
At Sundance, where the first showing was nearly laughed off the screen, Adore, based on a Doris Lessing novella, was known as Two Mothers. You should know it as something to avoid.
Two lifelong female friends take up with each other's sons, in a movie long on looks and short of substance.
Adore wants it both ways. It asks not to be judged by standards of realism, but then tries to inject realism and naturalism into its absurdist narrative.
By reducing all the issues down to a case of copulation, albeit set against a backdrop both sumptuous and superficial, Fontaine turns her intentions laughable.
This Australian film is a total MILF (Melodrama I'd Like to Forget).
Astonishingly, Wright and Watts sell their characters - the yearning, the bond, the inevitable wrong ahead. But "Adore" remains too much of a stretch.
Forces the viewer to consider those complex emotions from a distance, rather than dramatizing them in anything more than the most oblique or glancing way.
I have no idea why such strapping young men would be so desperate for sex as to hook up with a couple of museum artifacts they've known all their lives, but this hokey soap views contrivance as a small price to pay for lush mommy fantasy.
Outré love stories are great, as are love stories that make viewers squirm. But they have to ring true emotionally, and despite its talented cast, Adore does not.
Adore suffers from a handful of problems that effectively prevent one from wholeheartedly connecting to the material...
Watts and Wright movingly convey their characters' journeys: caught up in new, reckless love; frightened by the passage of years; determined to hide within an envelope of stolen time and a fantasy that can't last.
It's even hard to simply enjoy the performances of the two stars, who give more that the film deserves.
"Adore" at its core is a bore, nothing more.
Ms. Wright and Ms. Watts address their roles with skill and conviction, but this has the effect of making the story seem even more fanciful and absurd.
This story of two dynamite Australian moms falling in love with each other's surfer-god sons is sensuous and gorgeous but also strained and opaque.
There's an undeniable "ick" factor to this film that overwhelms the justifiable cougar angle. Even worse is the boredom that soon sets in.
The film has an impressive pedigree -- screenplay by Christopher Hampton, from a novel by Nobel laureate Doris Lessing -- but still feels like something of a bodice-ripper, if people bothered to wear that much clothing.
That the mothers are played by Robin Wright and Naomi Watts is really the only thing that makes the movie something more than an unintentional comedy.
Seems downright desperate to wave [Fontaine's] fetish for "illicit" desire under our noses without having much to say about it.
While there's nothing wrong with telling stories about unlikeable people, they should be more interesting than this.
It's a challenging film, but maybe not as challenging as it should be.
A bold and vivid exploration of the sexual desire of two middle-aged female friends.
[An] embarrassingly breathless portrayal of middle-aged crazy.
Smartly assembled and honest when it comes to the longing of its characters, approaching a potentially disquieting situation of attraction with a certain sense of maturity.
Adore just seems like a sun-drenched paean to a creepy alternative lifestyle.
The major problem with this film is that we never see what the leads do in their sexual partners other than physical specimens and the lack of believability at the core of Adore leaves it lame.
The setup promises more intrigue than the film ultimately delivers.
A work that's deadly serious and yet so goofily unbound that, in some scenes, incest truly seems like it's on the scandalous menu.
Adore has the distinction of featuring some of the most laughable dialogue in any movie this year.
You can barely stifle a laugh, and the way Wright and Watts deliver rote, morally searching dialogue with deer-in-the-headlights stoicism ("We've crossed a line," Lil blankly notes) doesn't help matters.
The disparity between the inherently trashy appeal of the story and the self-serious way it's presented cripples much of the potential for enjoyment.
As edgy female wish-fulfillment fantasy, showing that fantasy's consequences, "Adore" engrosses and engages and never titillates with even the tiniest hint of revulsion.
An impeccably tasteful picture about some awfully tasteless decisions.
Despite her accomplished cast, French director Anne Fontaine summons neither the dramatic heft nor the humor to put across this absurd forbidden-love scenario.
Reluctant rebel moms in love. With much meaty food for thought, even if a bit philosophically tough and raw to chew on when at its most visually lyrical. And likely as much into shaking up narrative conventions, as subverting gender perspectives.
Depicted believably, painfully, and poignantly, we could reread this as a horror story-this could be the Winter Romance Caroline Schumacher (Cindy Grover) pined for in Network, and she's fortunate she missed it.
A thoughtful, sexy, and nonjudgmental examination of potentially tawdry material, "Two Mothers" benefits from nuanced performances from Naomi Watts and Robin Wright.
A strange beast of a film, concocted of great performances and two-dimensional performances, fascinating character studies and heavy-handed melodrama.
Fontaine is a capable director...But the moment that the dialogue begins, any nuance is lost, with key emotional moments generating laughter rather than empathy.
It may be divisive, but Two Mothers is a vary rare exploration of the female psyche, which, with a little judicious editing, could have a long and interesting life.

@highlight

Naomi Watts and Robin Wright give it their all, but they can't quite make Adore 's trashy, absurd plot believable.