There is no right way to navigate this foreign country, no magic incantation to find release. The only way out is through. This film beautifully and heart-shatteringly demonstrates that fact.
Though it plateaus emotionally for much of the time, Rabbit Hole is an engaging and heartfelt drama.
Mitchell is a filmmaker who seems to genuinely like people, a far rarer bird than you'd imagine.
Rabbit Hole is a beautiful examination of relationships. It exceeds normal genre expectations and has some fantastic acting.
In a tale of tragic loss, unexpected friendships, and finding happiness in whatever that may be, RABBIT HOLE scores big.
Rabbit Hole is hardly what you'd call a date movie, and it's difficult to see what kind of audiences it'd appeal to outside of awards season chin-strokers.
John Cameron Mitchell's "Rabbit Hole" is a heart-breaking, somewhat depressing film that deals with one of the worst tragedies a couple can face. It is also one of the best films of the year.
Contrived and manipulative
Un drama íntimo y conmovedor, narrado con sobriedad, sin golpes bajos y con una profunda empatía y cariño por sus personajes. Dentro de un notable elenco se destacan las actuaciones de Nicole Kidman y Dianne Wiest.
Nicole Kidman and Aaron Eckhart give marvelous, shaded performances of grief-stricken parents attempting to move on without forgetting their pain.
The actors don't flinch from the task and there is hope at the end, though it may feel like small reward after so much digging.
Doesn't quite make the leap from stage to screen with all its power
One of the very best films of 2010.
Director John Cameron Mitchell's restrained handling of the film's rawest moments keeps it from descending into soul-wrenching lamentations.
It might be that this material is simply better suited to the theater, with its enforced artificiality and its crackling, dragging blacks.
A very fine domestic drama that avoids the pitfall of becoming maudlin and offers many surprising little twists along the way.
When Nicole Kidman has full control of her facial muscles she is unrivaled in her ability to play cold, distant emotionally scarred bitches. Its a marvelous performance. That said, the film itself can be so anguished that you will need counseling upon exit
a raw and complex character study that challenges our identification and sympathies at every turn
Exquisitely raw and painful, sure, but also richly humane and deeply cathartic, for David Lindsay-Abaire's Pulitzer and Tony award winning play is nothing short of a masterpiece.
Quality drama, sure, but it doesn't go anywhere unexpected. For a film whose title evokes Alice's mysterious journey through Wonderland, it might have amounted to a little more.
John Cameron Mitchell has done an amazing job capturing the heart of these delicate characters.
It's an unsentimental, occasionally amusing insight into two people who don't know how to become normal again. A very affecting and fine debut for Kidman as producer.
Rabbit Hole is a searing drama that, despite its bleak theme, bravely posits how even the deepest emotional abyss need not become a prison of depression and hopelessness.
Rabbit Hole may sound bleak, and it surely is at times, but its refreshingly unhistrionic take on the subject coupled with Kidman's mammoth performance make it a rewarding experience.
Rabbit Hole is tender and sensitive where it counts, but also terminally tasteful. And there's nothing tasteful about grief.
The script, adapted by playwright David Lindsay-Abaire from his own Pulitzer Prize winner, demonstrates an extreme, occasionally comic, distaste for the sentimentality often provoked by other people's grief.
Brilliantly scripted and well acted, this painful and often funny drama avoids cliché and feels true to life.
Kidman immerses herself in Becca and her pain is almost tangible
This emotionally dense film about grief, coping with loss and finding a way to get life back on track, takes us into heart wrenching territory
This is one tricky subject to navigate, but [Mitchell] ably corrals his cast and complements them with a perfectly calibrated directorial touch.
There's a light at the end of Rabbit Hole that makes this tearful trek worthwhile.
It is a complicated and difficult film that is also extraordinarily sincere and honest.
This is a film that may haunt you. It's painful to watch because the characters are in such pain in this show that can be classified only as a tragedy.
A stirring meditation on grief gives way to some unexpectedly light hearted moments, in the impeccably acted drama Rabbit Hole.
The triumvirate of focal performances -- especially the Oscar-nominated Nicole Kidman as the grieving mother -- will break your heart.
...avoids exploitation at all costs.
Not as Depressing as You Fear...and that's no Faint Praise.
An absorbing, sensitive drama that feels painfully, and often amusingly, true.
The sheer excruciating, stultifying good taste of this movie is almost unbearable - so tasteful it could have started out as a coffee-table book, though actually it is based on a Pulitzer-winning play by David Lindsay-Abaire.
It's a slight, well-acted tale in search of an epiphany.
Inevitably, Rabbit Hole is a film that's easier to commend than it is to like.
Rabbit Hole doesn't entertain, inform or even stir the emotions.
Kidman, looking almost anorexic with grief and sharply critical of everyone trying to comfort her, including her husband, is as good as she has been for some time.
The acting is good - particularly from Eckhart and Teller - but director John Cameron Mitchell never quite finds a way to reach beyond the boundaries of its original stage work.
If you must watch the portrait of a marriage strained to breaking-point, try the recent Blue Valentine, where you at least feel sorry for the unhappy couple that once cherished and loved each other.
A movie that respects its audience, this is both poignant and funny.
While it may be uncomfortable to watch, Rabbit Hole is nonetheless essential viewing.
Although it's sad, it avoids miserabilism, because it is leavened by touches of humour and a refusal to wallow. The reason to see it is Kidman.
Impressively directed and superbly written, this is a powerfully emotional bereavement drama with a deservedly Oscar-nominated performance from Nicole Kidman.
Will stay with you for days. A moving and truly beautiful film.
The terrain of grief is well mapped-out in American art movies, but Rabbit Hole finds some subtle new pathways through it.
The performances from Kidman and Eckhart are beautifully judged, while the film is as delicate and as finely nuanced as the characters and relationships it portrays.
Everyone monologues, philosophises, weeps or does stream-of-consciousness cadenzas. No one has a human quirk or foible.
The problem with 'Rabbit Hole' is that it plays at one unrelentingly gloomy frequency: occasional moments of humour or tension are simply unable to puncture the overriding sense of oppressive sadness.
A grounded, well-rounded insight into the value of everything from a pet dog to electronic memories, the differences between the sexes when it comes to coping with grief and the future nature of sexual activity in such relationships.
Touching and wise.
This is as clever, funny, foolish and frightening as real life.
Plays out with all the subtlety of one of those bum-awful "issues-driven" episodes of EastEnders. You half-expect an "if you were affected by the events in this movie, you can call our special helpline" message to drone out over the end credits.
A Kidman character should never beg for forgiveness - it's just not in her.
If Mitchell's film had found a way to show rather than tell, Rabbit Hole could have transcended the theatrically obvious and become cinematically sublime.
The tears it jerks are well-earned.
It's an understated, superbly-written drama that is extraordinarily ordinary, deeply moving in its slow, purposeful exploration of human behavior that is so recognizable, it takes our breath away.
For all its sympathy and intelligence, Rabbit Hole is ultimately too safe an experience for such a free-form tragedy.
One of the best films of 2010, Rabbit Hole features a devastating performance by Nicole Kidman that would deserve every Best Actress prize on tap were it not for the presence of Black Swan's Natalie Portman on the awards scene.
The movie is stingy with information and surprisingly generous with humor (which provides realism, and relief from the sadness).
Rabbit Hole, directed with grace and surprising humor by John Cameron Mitchell, is a delicate tale that shares a great deal of the hurt of Robert Redford's Ordinary People.
If you'd like to wallow in the exquisite suffering of the upper middle classes for 90 minutes this might be just the film for you.
As heavy, stressful, relentlessly sad dramas go, this one goes quite well.
John Cameron Mitchell directed, making an impressive detour in style and subject matter after his flamboyant Shortbus and Hedwig and the Angry Inch.
Mitchell keeps the direction simple and well-behaved, usually just pointing the camera at the speaker, but you can see why this topic appealed to him: All three of his films are about people in pain reaching (or lashing) out in different ways.
Although it is achingly sad, Rabbit Hole is not maudlin or depressing.
A tough, raw drama about wounds that heal only gradually, if at all.
It's a heartbreaker, but in graciously artistic ways; a stirring screen purging of the highest order. Who knew John Cameron Mitchell had it in him?
A very worthwhile drama and well worth seeing.
... audiences may be lulled into thinking they're seeing David Lindsay-Abaire's Pulitzer-winning play. They're not.
The performances are pitch-perfect: Eckhart, swallowing words he knows will only lead to an argument and averting his eyes as if she will be able to see them there; Kidman, guarded and still, wearing her vulnerability like armor.
The lesson at the film's heart is that when tossed down the rabbit hole of bereavement, there is no "right" response. It's unmapped territory that each of us must learn to negotiate.
Rabbit Hole eschews much of the hysterics in favor of a gentle and surprisingly funny look at how a couple might cope with that impossible burden.
Absorbing and hugely compelling, a thoughtful portrayal of the myriad ways in which we learn to deal with the unthinkable.
What makes Rabbit Hole remarkable is the way it never does what you think it will do.
A film that's steeped in sorrow, but watching it is a joyful experience - at least for those who appreciate finely drawn characters from fabulous actors who invest them with heft and heart.
One slow-motion flashback sequence is perhaps a little distracting, but this is a strong effort with good lead performances and a satisfying conclusion.
A plausible portrait of what transpires when bad things happen to good people without faith in God or a lucky rabbit's foot.
Kidman is amazingly subtle and restrained, the film moving and in the end also buoyant.
With so many tricky undercurrents to manage, "Rabbit Hole" could have caved beneath their weight and gone into safe, predictable directions that would have been easier to navigate. But it doesn't. It's more complex than that.
There's a lot of beauty to be mined from that depressing-sounding scenario, thanks to well-drawn characters, impeccable performances, and sensitive direction.
Tidy, bland, Rabbit Hole is the kind of movie that really doesn't want to offend in its tale of child death and making friends with Sandra Oh
Nicole Kidman does her best work in years in a film that at times is almost unbearably authentic.
Mitchell delivers this grim material with a certain amount of grace, and the best I can say for it is that he makes it watchable, and even, at times, compelling.
Really Ordinary People
Solidifies Mitchell's place on my brief list of directors I'll follow anywhere.
Like Crash without the clunky characterization, Rabbit Hole is film as medicine, a big, pretty pill to be uncomfortably swallowed.
The film sets us up to judge and then upends those judgments.
This drama of pain and loss felt by parents whose children die young may be the best of its kind I've seen since "Ordinary People" long ago.
With performances like these, the result is not so much an issue movie as a study of human quiddity and stubbornness under siege.
Eckhart and Kidman offer two of their finest, most nuanced performances. What could have been suffocatingly gloomy feels authentic and even hopeful.
It's not a documentary, but Rabbit Hole is one of the most true films to be made in a long time, a beautiful tribute to those coping with loss and trying to make sense of the world.
Eckhart works close to the top of his range here -- Howie is a guy's guy ill-equipped to fight something he can't see -- but Kidman simply goes above and beyond.
The movie is filled with little moments of kindness, brave stabs at connection and attempts to accept the shortcomings of others.
What on the surface seems to possess all the melodrama and photogenic suffering of a banal prime-time weepie instead becomes a lucid, tough, deeply sensitive examination of emotional fortitude.
The film is quiet, patient, allowing for lived-in performances that get at the enormous change in the characters' lives.
The film’s impeccable emotional truth and delicate touches of black humor owe in equal part to screenwriter, director and stars.
At times this intimate family drama makes you want to turn away as if you were eavesdropping or prying into the lives of two people whose loss is so palatable that you feel helpless in your inability to reach through the screen to comfort them.
With its plinky mood music, "Rabbit Hole" is maudlin and morbid and strictly for the "21 Grams" crowd.
A movie about grief, pain, longing and disaster. Happy Holidays and Feliz Navidad!
Director John Cameron Mitchell allows the actors to rip into Lindsay-Abaire's scenario and words ...
A generally well-made if not always emotionally engaging drama with strong and believable performances from the leads. (Parental Review also Available)
Relies on the sympathetic nature of its characters and the raw truthfulness of its story to carry it through the land of overfamiliarity.
Nicole Kidman is strikingly good as Becca, infusing clipped dialogue and fleeting expressions with great depth of feeling.
As a viewing experience, the film is by turns heartrending and stultifying, but mostly stultifying.
It's not exactly full of holiday cheer. Then again, perseverance can inspire and enlighten any time of the year.
The perpetual look of utter despair on Kidman's face... will stick with me, I think, for a very long time
With some of the best performances of the year from Nicole Kidman, Aaron Eckhart, and Dianne Wiest, this is one of the strongest dramas of the awards season.
It's interesting to see a movie approach the subject of grief without the payoff of catharsis, healing, the palliative of closure.
Wrenching, poignant, and quietly healing.
Conventionally made but extremely well-acted. It does what most stage-to-screen adaptations do not. It works.
The film is in a better state of mind than its characters. Its humor comes, as the best humor does, from an acute observation of human nature. We have known people something like this. We smile in recognition.
With more patience and lack of affect than Rachel Getting Married, Rabbit Hole is stripped down to its story and its characters. Achieves raw poignancy.
David Lindsay-Abaire has sensitively adapted his play and with director John Cameron Mitchell has filled the story with privileged moments, beautifully performed.
Mitchell deploys his distinctive directorial style to adapt Lindsay-Abaire's play for the big screen. And he brings a remarkably light tough to the heavy subject matter, creating a film that deeply moves us.
The sharp angles and rough edges of Nicole Kidman's performance appear all the more vividly.
Those who venture into Rabbit Hole with their expectations properly aligned will leave fulfilled and perhaps with a slightly different perspective on a few things.
Rabbit Hole takes its title from a graphic novel about alternate realities written by one of the film's characters. The novel is pretty good -- too bad director John Cameron Mitchell didn't adapt it instead of David Lindsay-Abaire's lugubrious play.
Respects the struggle that is the process of grieving and healing without giving way to wallowing or histrionics. It is, in a word, tasteful.
A portrait of parental grief etched with sensitivity and welcome touches of humor.
A by-the-numbers adaptation of a stage play that smacks of a thousand writer's workshops and that is utterly devoid of genuine feeling.
Sensitive, superbly acted, subtly disturbing chronicle of suffering and despair for those seeking a vicarious kind of catharsis.
Unlike his earlier works, though, [John Cameron Mitchell] turns the writing task over to the play's author, Lindsay-Abaire, making Rabbit Hole a hired gun kind of film.
The Kidman in Rabbit Hole is a revelation.
Rabbit Hole is beautifully made and acted, with a life-affirming point of view that makes it an intensely rewarding experience.
This heartfelt family drama is a return to form for Nicole Kidman, but it is Aaron Eckhart who really impresses as a sad dad stretching every which way to also support and find comfort with his emotionally closed down wife.
The genius here is that Lindsay-Abaire and Mitchell know how to stand back and watch, understand that even in great tragedy great moments of warmth, light and humor can also be found.
His restrained, personal approach - captured in fluid close-ups, illuminated by clear, bright skies - lays bare the burdens of souls stuck as life goes on around them.
An enormously moving film that is, in the end, unexpectedly buoyant.
Doesn't wallow in sorrow; instead, it tries to explore the many facets of grief and resolution, and that's what makes it worthwhile.
Rabbit Hole isn't just well written and beautifully acted, it's simply devastating.
Kidman, doing her best work in years, just comes at you. Her final scene with the splendid Wiest, who builds her character with uncommon feeling, is devastating. So is the movie. It takes a piece out of you.
You never regret that Nicole Kidman ended up being the actress who got this made.
Rabbit Hole has a great script and some terrific performances, but in a lot of ways it's a difficult project to warm up to.
Don't go down this Rabbit Hole unless you wish to see a superb film that treats a sad topic with unflinching honesty.
Moving, mature drama about loss is too heavy for kids.
Kidman and Eckhart give stellar performances in a quiet tale of grief and (perhaps) healing.
...an unexpectedly powerful piece of work...
John Cameron Mitchell's too decorous tale of parental grief and conflict is wise as far as it goes, but tastefully bourgeois to a fault.
Kidman is able to draw you in even as the movie's solemn, morbid obviousness wears you out.
[It] looks like another American indie film of ugly feelings and beautiful furniture, big acting and small paychecks. It isn't; it's one of the best, most human, most true films of the year.
While a little too neat and buttoned-up, it's an effective character study that actually trends successfully into dark comedy territory during the second act.
This searing family portrait is honest, humorous at times and worthy of kudos for Kidman and the cast.
Though Rabbit Hole tells a familiar tale, its goofy, loving feel for human cruelty and rage, for kindness and breakthrough bursts of exuberance, lifts this lovely chamber piece high above the crowd.
All that emotion never quite manages to inspire the deep, resonant empathy these stricken parents -- and, more to the point, we in the audience -- so desperately need.
Rabbit Hole is a finely tuned portrait of grief that takes its time unfolding, much like the actual process of mourning.
A perceptive and sympathetic film by John Cameron Mitchell that looks at grief by way of selfish reasonableness.
[Kidman's] beautiful performance transcends the specifics of the script, which David Lindsay-Abaire adapted from his play of the same name.
The piece as a whole feels earnest and well-meaning but rarely compelling, a film that is almost too decorous to be as involving as it should be.
Kidman and Eckart are terrific
Rabbit Hole is one of the most honest, stark depictions of grief ever committed to film. It's not easy to get through, but it does offer some measure of hope, humor and catharsis. Kind of like life.
Kidman does some of her most effective work in a while here.
Eschewing clichés, Rabbit Hole is disturbing yet refreshing evidence that for some people, redemption takes longer, and for others, the pain never goes away at all.
Rabbit Hole is a tremendously sad movie, but it's also the furthest thing from a miserablist wallow, portraying grief as something that doesn't arrive in neat stages, but in unpredictable waves with forceful undercurrents.
Painful as it is to watch, "Rabbit Hole" engages you, imploring you to care about the characters and think about how complex the human psyche can be.
It's still painful and sad. It's a movie about parental grief, after all. But there's a also pinhole of light and weird punctuating humor, too, and that keeps it all from feeling like an anvil in your lap.
Rabbit Hole is a spare, carefully made picture, but it's not a bloodless one. And it's just good enough to make you wonder what Mitchell will tackle next.
We don't want fireworks, but we do want a lit fuse.
Easily the most gracefully performed grief-porn you'll see this season...
If this isn't [Nicole] Kidman's very best work, it's near the top.
Rabbit Hole is a laudable art project, not great but good enough to rate comparison with stronger movies that contextualize the grief of loss and disorientation.
Here the proceedings are so lifeless that you find yourself rooting for the narrative to fully tread into the disaster zones with which it flirts.
Far too spic-and-span orderly for its own good.
One of the few films that handles grief honestly and in an engaging way without ever going for any sort of sappy Hollywood clichés.
When confronted with all the potential snares a story like this could fall into, the fact that director John Cameron Mitchell avoids them all stands as a significant creative achievement.
How do you patch together a relationship that has been sundered by grief? The answers it gives, tentative and hard-won, may not be surprising, but they feel right.
This is how movies can bring a great, grave theme to indelible dramatic life.
Mitchell shows a firm but gentle touch with this material. He's keenly attuned to the shades of sorrow, but also to the possibility of humor, forgiveness and resolution.
The raw truth and heartfelt sensibility of Rabbit Hole - unlike most films where death is a merely useful dramatic tool or emotionally exploitative device - could not be more luminous.
An intense tale of a couple grieving from the loss of their 4-year-old son in a car accident.
The canniest thing about it is that it carves shrewd and lively dramatic arcs out of souls who are too damaged to feel their own feelings.
Kidman and fellow Oscar-winning Wiest could pick up Oscar nominations for this dryly un-sentimental black comedy.
A relatively tame but nonetheless admirable drama sustained by convincing performances and steady direction.
A quiet, devastating, beautifully acted drama about the devastation of loss and the slow, muted, barely-there return of hope.
If Rabbit Hole feels a little more neat and contained than a movie ought to be, the performances almost entirely make up for it.
Honest and powerful, Rabbit Hole reveals that the hardest thing about death, is learning to live with it.
The drama may be less pronounced, but the emotions are no less complex, creating a film that's quietly devastating and elegant in its understatement.
This year's feel-bad holiday drama is an equivalent of "Revolutionary Road" crossed with "Reservation Road," but is nowhere effective as either.
Less than shocking, more that just interesting tale of a family suffering the death of a child.
A riveting screen adaptation of a Pulitzer Prize-winning play about grief and the invidious ways it can rock the foundations of a marriage.
In top form, Nicoloe Kidman and Dianne Wiest render Oscar-caliber performances in this sensitive, beautifully directed family drama about a couple struggling to come to terms with the loss of their young boy.
With Oscar worthy performances from Nicole Kidman, Aaron Eckhart and Dianne Wiest, this is tough and demanding subject matter, but something that ultimately provides hope.
Inherently engrossing as well as achingly authentic, powerfully moving and surprisingly funny at times.
Emotional depth and distance in story of grief
A film of staggering insight and beauty. Virtually flawless.
The writing is too self-aware. The film cries out for moments that are not about the couple's search for re-engagement.
Grief may be the topic under examination, but humor -- incisive, observant and warm -- is the tool with which it's dissected in Rabbit Hole.


@highlight

It's often painful to watch, but Rabbit Hole 's finely written script and convincing performances make it worth the effort.