An affable (if forgettable) Woody Allen comedy...
Last year's Match Point marked a surprising return to vital filmmaking form for Woody Allen, but that movie had the distinct advantage of not being a comedy.
Scoop is reminiscent of several of Woody Allen's films, but in a strange way, it harks back to films that were neither great nor lousy -- and like those films, it is an enjoyable diversion.
Another comic murder mystery from Woody Allen.
A genteel burp of a comedy
Probably one of the most annoying Woody Allen movies I've ever seen.
Woody Allen reprises his Alvy Singer shtick in a pastiche of 50s screwball that is deeply unfunny.
The initial novelty of seeing and hearing Johansson put on an Allen avatar geek persona in her first scene can't carry the film.
Después de Match Point (su mejor película de los últimos años), Woody Allen regresa a un cine menor, olvidable, sin mayores pretenciones que divertir durante un rato.
Sempre há a possibilidade de que o próximo trabalho de Woody Allen seja um Match Point, um Desconstruindo Harry ou um Todos Dizem Eu Te Amo. O problema é que também há boas chances de que seja um novo Scoop.
Alarmingly, some of Woody Allen's highly strung performance enhancing gestures rub off on Scarlett Johansson in this bizarre misfire from Allen, who hasn't even noticed that his plot doesn't hold water.
The plot fizzles even as the jokes sizzle.
Everything is a dreadful bore, a woeful misstep, or both.
What was surprising, however, was how sloppily it had been put together and how many holes there were in the story.
The act just isn't cute anymore. In truth, it hasn't been for at least a couple of decades. So why is it that Woody Allen continues to insist on playing "Woody Allen?"
Nestled as it is amid the clamor of the late-summer blockbusters, it's the kind of small pleasure that can make you feel intensely grateful.
A ramshackle and laboriously whimsical comedic trifle that falls back on Woody Allen's increasingly tired penchant for nattering faux-realism.
Visiting London, American journalism student Sondra Pransky (Scarlett Johansson) gets the scoop on possible serial killer Peter Lyman (Hugh Jackman). Volunteering as the subject for second-rate magician Sid Waterman (Woody Allen), Sondra comes face to fac
Woody Allen's London-set comedy caper doesn't break any new ground, but he and Match Point muse Scarlett Johansson are good for some odd-couple laughs.
Looks like writer/director Woody Allen is back to his old tricks again, with yet another mediocre comedic offering after he surprised everyone with a solid comeback.
Occasionally Allen hits the right notes, but his comedies have become increasingly erratic in recent years and 'Scoop' is no exception: It strains to charm.
... more silly than funny.
It fails to evoke one laugh over the course of 90 minutes, revealing Woody Allen's sense of humor to be not merely ailing, but dead -- completely, utterly, forever dead.
Woody-ultralite
Funnier, less offensive, and certainly better company than "'Harry" or "'Aphrodite" but "Scoop" still suffers from an overabundance of tired borscht-belt humor.
Woody -- enough with the one-liners.
Jackman slips easily into the ambiguous menace of his Cary Grant role.
Yesterday's news.
Every bit as soggy and silly as "Match Point" was passionate and sharp.
Allen, bless his myopic soul, seems to be functioning in a vacuum.
If Woody Allen's fantastic "Match Point" had tried to be funny, but hadn't quite made the grade, then it would have become the clunky "Scoop."
The key to enjoying Woody Allen's 37th feature film Scoop is to recognize right away that the premise is completely ridiculous. Do that and you should have a reasonably good time with this lighter-than-air comic confection.
Allen the story-teller, who keeps interrupting the story with lengthy shticks, might have met his demise, but don't let that discourage you from enjoying Scoop.
A silly but satisfying little comedy.
Worth a bargain matinee.
Allen's Ultimate Schlemiel, no matter what he's being called, Danny Rose, Alvy Singer, or Sid Waterman, is always the same pint-size, uncoordinated, misanthropic, befuddled Jewish intellectual.
The kind of movie you just don't see these days -- an intelligently crafted entertainment that pretends to be nothing more.
Woody Allen can still be counted on for about a movie a year, but it's clear he doesn't put the same amount of effort into each one.
I kept imagining an alternate-universe rewrite, with a young Bob Hope and maybe Paulette Goddard in the leads, and a 1940s journeyman in the director's chair -- the kind of guy who could crank out 30 minutes of snappy comedy-mystery before happy hour.
'Scoop' is funny, charming and keeps you guessing.
'Scoop' is basically a showcase for Woody to do his wisecracking that was popular 25 years ago, but now seems a bit threadbare.
Not his best work, but any true fan of Allen's will still find things to enjoy here.
If Adam and Eve had been burdened with the same lack of chemistry between Scarlett Johansson and Hugh Jackman, the human race would have died aborning.
The problem remains, however, that Scoop feels so drawn out and lackadaisical in its bid for self-deprecating Allen-esque bits that wear out its familiar welcome.
A Woody Allen comedy that is both sophomoric and silly.
It's full of funny lines and clever inventions.
Reminiscent of the short humorous fiction Allen has written for the New Yorker in recent years. They're tortured parodies of his pieces from a few decades back.
Allen revives his plodding Manhattan Murder Mystery as the even duller Scoop.
The result is decidedly minor Woody, and unlike Match Point, far from essential.
I was hoping for a rich double scoop that would leave me with a big satisfied smile on my face, what I got was a single scoop that was sorta flavorless.
Scoop. It's a tired, thin, almost laughless reminder of the earlier Allen.
Check it out if you want more jokes about corned beef sandwiches, but don't be surprised to find they contain more corn than beef.
Currently shooting his third film in England, Allen has seemingly traded his beloved Manhattan for London. But as the appealing yet utterly forgettable Scoop shows, the change of scenery hasn't done wonders for his career.
So, here's the scoop: Though nowhere near as masterful as last year's Match Point or the Allen classic comedies of the '70s and '80s, Scoop is modest, late-summer fun.
Scoop is no more than a beguiling trifle. But in the dog days of summer, it's a perk to wallow in inspired silliness.
Scoop has something Match Point didn't, something that none of Allen's films have had to quite this degree in 10 years. It's really, really funny.
A bouncy comedy/mystery about a young would-be journalist (Scarlett Johansson) trying to solve a crime.
If only it were funny instead of just passably amusing, and if only Allen's movies hadn't declined to such a state of rote self-repetition that even passably amusing is tantamount to a compliment.
It's the same-old-same-old but with London locations -- painfully stale despite the clever setup.
Scoop is worthwhile viewing for Allen's quips. Just don't expect much of a story.
The film is a pleasure that doesn't rank with Allen's best but satisfies far more than most American comedies.
Modest and forgettable, it's Woody Lite.
Scoop, a half-baked amalgam of Manhattan Murder Mystery and Curse of the Jade Scorpion -- sadly demonstrates that Allen has lost much of his comic timing both as a director and an actor.
To see Allen, now 70, trying to reclaim the persona he's been handing off is like watching Willie Mays fall down trying to hit a curve ball during his last season.
If Match Point, the most successful of the seven films that Allen has made this millennium alone, brought him one step closer to creative vigor and a renewed relevance, Scoop is two steps back.
Scoop feels like a tentative doodle in the general direction of Match Point, only chronologically reversed and more or less amusing.
The dead serious Match Point was actually funnier, which should tell you all you need to know about Allen's latest exercise in laziness.
Allen may be repeating himself, but even second-rate, warmed-over Woody is funnier and smarter than 90 percent of the celluloid crud out there.
It's no Match Point, last year's drama widely considered to be Woody Allen's return to form, but Scoop is definitely one of his strongest comedies in years.
Scoop, an amiable romp of lighthearted fun.
It's thin, not really even worth the 90-plus minutes it takes to get from start to finish, but right from the get-go Scoop made me giggle, and I didn't stop until I'd gotten a good five or six steps away from my front door.
The movie is watchable, there's the occasional good one-liner, but it's extremely slight, overly drawn out and never for a moment believable.
Things don't really get ugly in Scoop, they just feel very familiar very quickly, which doesn't mean it's necessarily bad, just awfully lightweight and terribly unoriginal.
Scoop does not come near the greatness of Allen's masterworks (it doesn't even try), but it is definitely the best "earlier, funnier" Allen in decades.
This is pretty much a younger, cast-conscious re-do of his 1993 film Manhattan Murder Mystery, which isn't that fondly remembered.
Scoop represents a significant step backward. The longer the movie goes on, the more we feel as if we're watching a balloon deflate.
A romp of a thing, Scoop won't be mistaken for splendid. Yet for diminutive pleasure, the murder- mystery comedy can rightly be called splendini.
Scoop is light as a feather and playful in that classic early-Allen style -- witty banter interwoven with magical elements and pure slapstick.
Scoop feels like the leftovers from that [Manhattan Murder Mystery], after they've been strained through The Curse of the Jade Scorpion.
One form of low-rent showbiz Allen depicts in Scoop is Fleet Street journalism, but it's depicted with none of the witty rancor or intelligence of Evelyn Waugh's 1937 Scoop.
Woody Allen's latest movie is further evidence of his inexorable descent into consistent mediocrity. Simply put, his films have become irrelevant, undistinguished and not terribly original.
It saddens me to report -- Scoop is distinctly minor Allen, with less weight to it than one of his old humor doodles in The New Yorker.
"I don't like this whole thing," Sondra moans. "I don't like the whole process." That makes two of us.
Scoop is surely a slight and flimsy film, but it's pleasant to watch Woody Allen wander around London and to watch Allen's new favorite leading lady expand her range.
If one of the best things one can say about a film is that it's funnier than Curse of the Jade Scorpion, that's not exactly a ringing endorsement.
...a Pimm's Cup of a movie. And, like that anglophilic cocktail, its effects are pleasantly ephemeral.
The few chuckles he generates are a sad reminder of the days where one had to see a Woody Allen film more than once in order to hear all the jokes.
Add in a couple of classic Allen-esque self-deprecating zingers and you've got yet another good one from Woody and his latest lady.
What's most shocking is that a puff of dust and cobwebs don't erupt from his mouth every time it creaks open to deliver another pun about Trollope/trollop.
Is it a classic? Nah. It's light as air. But it's a zippy good time for 90 minutes or so.
Scoop doesn't exactly set the theater on fire, but it has a balanced rhythm to it that is Allen-reliable and quite comforting.
Quite unassuming, practically admitting its own disposability, but it's cute and fun while it lasts.
Like the character he plays, Allen's shtick has worn out its welcome.
too much kvetching and not enough mystery
Suspenseful and seductive - like a mysteriously delicious ice cream cone that melts in your mind rather than in your mouth.
Woody and Scarlett make for a delighful combination.
Scoop, which -- unlike the serious-minded Match Point -- is an old-style Woody farce, with Allen himself heading the cast.
It's a pleasing blend of Abbott and Costello and Foul Play, tickling the audience in all the right spots.
In his not especially funny yet oddly appealing new comedy, Woody Allen manages to act his age and prove theres life in those old jokes yet.
Some may dismiss Scoop as 'minor Woody Allen' because it doesn't traffic in major psychological probes. But it makes you smile. And that's not such a minor accomplishment.
The collision of sleek melodrama and old Woody Allen stand-up routines is at times oddly effective and at other times just odd.
although Allen is mostly repeating himself, his comedy hasn't been this pure and consistent in some time...a thoroughly enjoyable lark
Scoop manages some decent moments of frivolity. Allen can still play a bumbling goof when he puts his mind to it.
Spry, whimsical and frequently laugh-out-loud funny.
Lack of novelty aside, Scoop is a carefully crafted combination of light suspense and frivolous comedy.
Scoop, a self-consciously wacky crime comedy that retains from Match Point both the English backdrop and star Scarlett Johansson.
Scoop is a farce in the mode of Allen's Manhattan Murder Mystery.
Scoop is the worst movie Woody Allen has ever made.
Too often the movie suffers from jokes that sound left over from Broadway Danny Rose, without the ironic sense of detachment.
Scoop suffers from the same problem as much of Allen's recent work: Even when the witty banter clicks, it seems stale.
One thing is for sure: Scarlett Johansson has never been worse. And yes, that means worse than The Island.
Cobbled together from memorable parts of Allen's own (not to mention Hitchcock's) classics, Scoop doesn't establish its own identity.
Allen is only there as a punchline machine, and I spent most of the movie looking for his 'off' button.
Anyone who assumed Match Point heralded a return to form or a renaissance for one the great American filmmakers should be sorely disappointed by Scoop.
Scoop isn't going for complexity. It's a trifle. Like its rootless vaudevillian magician, however, it feels neither here nor there.
It's a disappointing backslide from the mini comeback of last year's Match Point.
The direction is lazy and the script thoroughly witless, from its token Bergman references to dialogue that suggests a night in borscht-belt hell.
Filmmaking for Allen appears to have settled into little more than personal habit, like shaving, dining or playing clarinet once a week with his jazz band. The result has for some time been a hit-and-miss process.
A blend of lackluster comedy and lazy plotting, the film feels a lot like bad Hitchcock.
A relatively feeble, lackadaisical piece, mildly amusing but far too reminiscent of superior movies [Allen] made years ago and with too many dead spots.
Scoop is what Match Point would have been if Allen allowed himself to be funny ... which is what he does best.
Allen's old-fashioned films are now like a ratty pair of slippers that are too comfortable even to consider throwing away.
There's a taut thriller somewhere inside Scoop, and it tries gamely to get out whenever Johansson and Jackman end up alone onscreen with their generic, serviceable roles.
Maybe Scoop wouldn't have sunk if Woody the costar were thrown overboard.... What once was a gifted comic's fluid improvisation is now a doddering old man so embarrassing he's uncomfortable to watch.
...quite funny...a minor, but appealing, addition to Allen's remarkable filmography.
Nobody appears to have put much effort into this thing.
A companion piece to Match Point that suffers all the more in comparison.
Straight comedy is like Kryptonite to Johansson.
Woody Allen is on a roll. Or maybe I should say he's on a crumpet. After the brilliant Hitchcockian thriller style of Match Point, he's now reverted back to his old wry, dry comedy style in Scoop.
The sort of comic frippery that's wearing thin with age and repetition.
The key to the film's success is the pairing of [Scarlett] Johansson and [Woody] Allen as ham-handed investigative journalists. Johansson brings out the funny in Allen like nobody since Diane Keaton.
It not only lacks the verve and energy of Allen's best New York-based work, it feels culturally adrift, like some bewildered tourist trying to read a city map held upside down.
Hard-core fans will recognize Scoop as his best comedy in years, while detractors will complain that it's just more of the same.
Appear[s] to have been slapped together without any consideration for jovial, snappy rhythm.
Fluffy is the intended tone of Scoop, but its willful insignificance also makes it flat.
As writer, director and actor Allen borrows so liberally from himself that anyone familiar with his movies will experience twinges of déjà vu in nearly every other scene.
It's tempting, one must admit, to mangle the title of Woody Allen's latest trifle and let it stand as a review. To wit: Pooper Scoop.
Scarlett's the weak spot but she hardly ruins the movie, which is minor Allen but still very enjoyable.
After Woody Allen had made one too many 'serious' films, his devoted fans longed for him to go back to being funny again. Things now have come full circle, for after Scoop, they're going to wish the Woodman would stick to serious drama from now on.
A minor but amusing Woody Allen enhanced by his newfound love for London life.
Woody Allen is back to his old, tiresome formats with a minor-league comedy-mystery that's a cross between Manhattan Murder Mystery and Curse of the Jade Scorpion.
If a typical Allen film doesn't float your boat, Johansson watchers simply can't miss her channeling of the Allen aesthetic, arranging all her creative molecules into the comedic atmosphere.






@highlight

Rehashing old plot lines and characters, Scoop is a tiresome dipper and another disappointing addition to Woody Allen's repertoire.