There wouldn't be much more to say if Spanish cinema didn't demonstrate a continued ability to reinvent the horror genre. REC, in this case, is a bad exception. [Full review in Spanish]
. . .this film is a quick way to learn to treasure your peaceful quiet existence.
The Spanish horror movie Rec promises, in the first act at least, to be a profoundly disturbing experience.
[Rec] sets out to terrify and it succeeds nicely.
If you're going to a horror movie, it's because you want to be scared senseless. In this regard, they don't come better than [REC].
Midway through, the plot blows a gasket and the camerawork turns altogether crazed, joggling us about in the semi-darkness while the soundtrack rings to distorted screams.
The film corners you with the ferocity of a Spanish inquisitor with a branding iron and holds you there to the bitter end.
Quick and to the point when it comes to delivering scares.
Superbly acted, brilliantly directed and absolutely bloody terrifying, this is one of the best films of the year.
Directors Jaume Balagueró and Paco Plaza, rising stars in the Spanish horror scene, create a buzzing urgency in a familiar premise...
Not since John Carpenter's one-shot intro to Halloween has POV horror been this good.
This short, stripped-down, first-person horror picture delivers some brutally effective shocks and gradually conjures a haunting atmosphere of ever-escalating panic and despair.
Impressiona pelo ritmo, pelas atuações, pela intensidade e pela excepcional edição de som, revelando-se sempre tenso e, nos melhores momentos, absolutamente assustador.
This Spanish horror thriller is based on a great idea that takes a new bite at the zombie genre, combined with a different way of telling the story," says Andrew
A well-made funhouse ride of pure terror and near-breathless dread.
[REC] is ridiculously good. It's a show-stopping terror trip through something that really shouldn't work all that well.
A demonic, barnstorming, cinema verite horror experience that pulls few punches, fears no genre taboo, and reaches for the throat with delightful intimidation.
einai akoma kalytero apo oso akoygetai, kai oti tha 'thelan na ginoyn otan megalosoyn oi shetikes prospatheies apo The Blair Witch Project (1999), mehri The Zombie Diaries (2006), Diary of the Dead (2007) i Cloverfield (2008)
i usually hate these movies, but i kinda liked this one
At its best, "[REC]" is a stress test, with genuinely frightening and surreal use of grainy, fidgety camerawork and eerie night-vision.
[Rec] will definitely jangle the nerves. But it's a movie that's unlikely to last in the memory.
An unexceptional workout for the adrenaline glands nudged up several notches by a climax that will cause muchos trouser trauma to all but the recently deceased.
Gripping, unsettling and truly horrific, [REC] is much more than the gimmick suggested by its title. Prepare to squirm, wince and wonder at how a potential Blair Witch knock-off is quite so grimy and engrossing. And don't eat dinner before you see it.
The final reel is real eyes-behind-your-fingers type stuff with the filmmakers cranking up the audience's apprehension to I-really-would-rather-be-somewhere-else levels.
A brilliantly staged early scare signals that the safety rails are off and, despite an unexpected, last-minute swerve into the supernatural realm, the edge-of-the-seat tension is sustained to the very last second.
Even thought it's the third such effort to employ handheld camera in a zombie flick, this has more than enough shocks to hold its own.
...boasts a number of brutal and unexpectedly creepy interludes that instantly set it apart from its stylistically-similar yet thoroughly inferior brethren...
While utterly nihilistic in its attempts to disorient the audience, the directors keep "[REC]" a consistently terrifying experience with some of the most gruesome deaths filmed...
A shock-a-minute mini-masterpiece of sound design, tricky jolts, and wonderfully distressing tension.
Rec] is a great if you're after some scares, and it will definitely have you squirming in your seat.
[Rec] is wonderfully paced and there are some genuine scares as bodies unexpectedly fall into frame or jump out of the darkness.
Lazily scripted, without even a pretense of character development or psychological depth, it offers nothing new for genre fans and no reason for mainstream auds to bite.

@highlight

Plunging viewers into the nightmarish hellscape of an apartment complex under siege, [Rec] proves that found footage can still be used as an effective delivery mechanism for sparse, economic horror.