Here Miller's starting from scratch and, sadly, he's got nothing to say.
With every bloody, stylishly seductive moment, it crashes through comic book movie conventions to blast through the screen as a mesmerizing and captivating crowd-pleaser.
Now that I've seen the late-arriving sequel, I can't for the life of me work out why I ever thought it would be a good idea.
So hyper-dramatic that even the most horrifying elements play as a sort of quiet camp rather than bland torture porn.
The cast is excellent and the computer-generated visuals are consistently stunning. Too bad the narration sounds like a string of clichés from creaky old detective novels.
With a huge, well-chosen cast and the blessing of Miller, who was on set as Rodriguez's co-director, Sin City is a gloriously stylized world unlike anything you've seen before on screen.
For all its astronomical body count, Sin City is brazenly, thrillingly alive.
While Sin City on screen evokes the same feeling of bottomless decadence and dread that the novels do, there is one crucial difference -- you can put the novels down.
Sin City is a lot of things, but most of all, it's fun. It may not be for everyone, but everyone should see it once anyway, just to find out if it's for them.
This extremely violent movie is NOT for kids.
On one hand, Robert Rodriguez drenches "Sin City" in his usual monsoon of ironic, macho macabre. On the other, do-gooder pride prove as dangerous as broads or bad guys, offering a thematically gray complement to arctic-white, inkblot-black visuals.
My own trajectory while watching Sin City--excited, bored, offended...back to bored...roll credits
Sin City is the most accurate adaptation ever done of a comic book.
Hot chicks, big guns, bad ass bruisers, what more could you ask for?
"Sin City" is a high contrast tour de force cinematic adaptation of Frank Miller's hugely popular and wickedly grotesque graphic novel homage to the hard-boiled style of Dashell Hammett and Mickey Spillane.
A Ground-Breaking Piece of Film-Noir Fantasy.
...a gleaming pop revelation, a completely realized vision...
Sin City plays like a "gateway drug" for violence porn ... [disregarding] matters like suffering, conscience, and responsibility.
While the book succeeded in pushing the boundaries of its medium, the film merely feels like a triumph of technology.
About as close to geek heaven as a film adaptation has ever been.
A worthwhile piece of eye candy.
For those who revel in this kind of adrenaline rush spectator sport, let the games begin.
For all its visual razzle-dazzle and enjoyably bad-ass attitude, there's something curiously empty about Sin City.
The world Miller and Rodriguez have created is so bleak and nasty it's difficult to see what lasting value any sort of redemption could have here.
Immensely likable and ultimately cool.
If Raymond Chandler and Daffy Duck could have produced a child, Sin City would be their baby.
For the guys it's Rodriguez's best film by far and a treat for fans of good-looking girls in black-and-white, of classic film noir and of imaginative ultra-violence.
It's all so sudden and in your face you can almost feel the thunderous thw-aaaack! of a sucker punch ram full-throttle into your jaw.
What an electric cast!
It is bare, and bold, and necessary.
An instant movie classic.
Su verdadera fuerza radica en una historia que refleja el grado de degradación social, espiritual y emocional al que podemos llegar los habitantes de las grandes ciudades.
Its creators invent a queasily intoxicating new world.
Si bien impresiona su deslumbrante estilo visual, luego de un rato no sólo no sorprende sino que las historias lucen irregulares y reiterativas.
Is Sin City the most accomplished mediocre movie in recent history?
There are three types of performances in "Sin City". There are the satisfactory, the passable and the women.
For all its excesses, the movie is enormously fascinating, mostly entertaining, and always a delight to the eyes and ears (if not always to the stomach).
SINiestra, pero SINsacional
Comic, sexy, and ultraviolent -- one of the best films of the year!
A stunning explosion of black and white, with splashes of red.
Stunning, astounding, jaw dropping.
If you can look past its veneer of shed blood, broken bodies and the rat-a-tat-tat talk of its hardboiled tough guys, Sin City is a thing of savage beauty.
Deixa de ser um entretenimento escapista (embora funcione bem neste nível) e torna-se palco de uma curiosa - e inesperada - discussão sobre as relações entre os sexos.
Time was when movie-makers, even laws-unto- themselves such as Sam Peckinpah, could be trusted to examine the consequences of living every moment in mortal danger: violence meant something more to them than simple connoisseurship.
Unlike anything else you'll see at the cinema this year.
The look of it remains exceptional, a high-contrast monochrome showcase of sheeting rain, shattering glass and white-on-black silhouettes, with occasional motifs picked out in vivid colour.
It's violent, it's sexist, it's clichéd and it's trashy. And for once those are all plus-points.
[A] fiercely original crime anthology that hits right between the eyes with a striking blend of old-school noir and newfangled comicbook visuals.
Can bring more pain than satisfaction.
I was thoroughly entertained.
Sin City will leave you reeling and unsure whether to laugh or recoil in horror, and it'll stay with you for weeks.
The issue of honor - the only positive value ever espoused in the comics - is almost entirely absent.
Sigmund Freud probably would have had a field day with this one.
For those with a penchant for pulp, Sin City is one guilty pleasure.
[I]f you go for the dimensionless, porny style, hey, unbuckle and enjoy.
Sin City's noir trappings are just empty attitude.
Take the scene from Braveheart where Mel Gibson rides up on to the Scottish Lord's bed with his horse and drills him in the face with a mace. Now multiply that by a hundred.
Too brutal and gratuitous to appreciate the stunning visuals.
Looks absolutely amazing, but it remains an exercise in style over substance that never gets beneath our skin.
Time will tell if Sin City is more than its moment, but at the moment, it's definitely one of the most interesting films on the planet.
A dark, depressing, dismal descent into graphic violence without pain masquerading as comic-book stylistic filmmaking. Hard to believe anybody could find this entertaining.
'...this is definitely a place you need to visit.'
With great panache and a broad wink at its audience, "Sin City" cranks up the heat and dices up the double-talk.
A half a notch below the Kill Bill films but very much worth seeing.
Expands the geography of Hollywood's junky anti-aesthetic...There are a million stories in Rodriguez's hellish, half-naked city, and all of them stink to high heaven.
Its kinetic energy and embrace of film noir tropes provide a surge of adrenaline and testosterone for the fanboy universe.
Beautiful craftsmanship, at times, even magnificent, but weakens, repeats, can't keep itself together.
...a swaggering and ultra-violent flashy film noir with a sordid imagination...[a] colorful crime fantasy that radiates with lurid edginess
Even people who don't like Sin City should find its images unforgettable. And - in this time of disposable blockbusters - that is a rare compliment.
Distraught, ornery, self-critical, these heroes are certainly more "anti" types than straight-ahead.
Sin City is the best comic book movie ever made.
This noir-ish study in black and white works with ravishing efficiency.
Batman would get his butt kicked in Sin City ...
Sin City translates the cool swagger and ultra-violence of Frank Miller's graphic novels to the screen with high fidelity.
Although Rodriquez grabs Miller's dialogue and uses his breathtaking panels as storyboards, he loses the connections and tragic back stories of the protagonists.
Violent pornography ... it's about as enjoyable as being bludgeoned to death.
In the end, I have to say I liked Sin City almost in spite of myself.
'They don't call it Sin City for nothing.'
...might just be the most extravagantly brutal live-action cartoon ever made.
I have more respect than affection for this admittedly successful effort to give a film the feel of a graphic novel.
Despite the drawbacks of adhering so slavishly to Miller, the devotion also makes Sin City somewhat awesome, at least at its surface.
As entertaining as it is disturbing -- and as disturbing as it is entertaining.
Sin City is a hard R movie for 12 year olds, and I know that in junior high school this would have been my favorite movie of the year.
Violence is everywhere, but I couldn't take my eyes off the screen.
The violence is so frequent and so blatant, that we quickly become immune, which is a good thing, letting us focus on the story and the actors.
As close to a museum-quality work of visual art as Hollywood as ever seen.
'Sin City' won't move you or inspire deep thought, but it might rattle you and make you sweat, with all that stark black-and-white heat.
The Geeks 'be a slobbering, and for good reason. This movie shows up to kick the audience's butt.
destined to become a cult classic
After a while, I felt slimed, covered with a film like the ring around a bathtub, but there is no denying the film's look and its power.
You can see the strip even while being awed by the film.
Rodriguez again densely packs the story with multiple narratives, but wisely realizes this time that he doesn't have Tarntino's facility with inverting formula.
Robert Rodriguez is one audaciously talented man.
Rodriguez has parlayed his genius for cutting-edge digital filmmaking along with Miller's intriguing noir story and artwork into something fresh and stylistically detailed.
Clichéd characters mutter dated noir dialogue through sadistic stories you can predict in your sleep.
If ever a movie was guilty of overkill it is this one. The excesses overwhelm the senses and make the biggest "sin" a lack of entertainment.
Jessica Alba is the kind of dame you want to swing with, even if it's by a grimy rope from a tree.
(Robert) Rodriguez and his cohorts succeed for the most part. If this beguiling world of violence and degradation ... lacks in anything, it's knowing when to quit.
[It] plays like a cross between Sky Captain and the World of Tomorrow and Pulp Fiction.
For those who enjoy their tough-guy testosterone straight up, no chaser, it's a 120-proof sucker punch to the cinematic solar plexus.
a brilliant paradox: It looks like nothing you've ever seen before, but it's assembled out of parts so familiar they are clichés
I didn't like Sin City as much as I admired it.
Artistically it has a lot going for it.
A fun movie? Yes. A cool movie? You bet. But a masterpiece? Not really.
Violence. Gore. Grit. Quentin Tarantino. If you haven't stopped reading by now, you may be part of the appreciative audience of "Sin City."
This film has style but no grace.
The relentless carnage grows numbing and unwholesome.
Intriguing, fascinating, murderous!
There may not be a lot of Gertrude Steinian 'there there' in Sin City, but there's plenty of style, and some fine direction by Robert Rodriguez.
Capturing the full comic book flavor alone doesn't make it a good movie.
Despite repetitivenes, the charismatic actors and stylization brings the audience into the scene.
If nothing else, you have never seen a movie like Sin City before.
A half-hour too long, brutal, crude and relentlessly juvenile, a work designed to appeal to the anti-social 13-year-old inside all of us.
Never before has the brilliant singular vision of a comic-book creator been so cinematically and entertainingly realized on screen.
What we get isn't so much a dismantled and rearranged puzzle-piece narrative as much as a song stripped of its verses, till all we're left with is the chorus.
It's a hard, viciously funny little movie, one with all the subtlety of a billy club. But there's artistry here, too.
The movie feels like a reductive exercise. Rodriguez might have accomplished what he set out to do, but I'm not sure he's done anyone any favors.
Two hours and six minutes has never seemed so much like two and six-tenths seconds. It's pure pulp metafiction.
Sin City is a dark, disturbing, enthralling masterpiece.
It's hard to fathom a more faithful comic to movie transfer than the gloriously violent Sin City
Miller's world of rough customers living on the wild side possesses a sordid allure, which the directors dazzlingly deliver to the screen.
While this plunge into darkness is in the soul of film noir, there is something completely false and silly about the overlay of morality, which seems enslaved by macho masochism.
To remember Sin City hours later is to remember from a different part of the brain that remembers conventional movies.
Miller's many fans are likely to hail this as a masterpiece. Rarely has an artist in one medium been so loyally served by another.
The most gorgeous digital movie ever made. It represents a stunning leap forward in both the technology of digital cinema and the art of filmmaking.
Tough-minded and visually dazzling, the movie so engrosses that you almost can forgive its extremes.
Sin City is a hard, cold, relentless assault. It's also something Hollywood seems to have given up on: a bold, uncompromised vision.
Rodriguez and Miller deserve praise for breaking new ground, both technically and artistically, in adapting graphic novels to the big screen.
If you've been waiting a long time for the next in-your-face sensation in the Pulp Fiction tradition, check out Sin City.
Ultimately comes off as an exercise in cold-blooded stylishness, uninvolving and overlong at 2 hours and 6 minutes.
Doesn't so much duplicate Miller's uncompromising black-and-white images spattered with gouts of primary color as cross them with the glistening grays of film noir.
One of the vilest and most disgusting films I've ever seen. It's too concerned with being cool, brutal and shocking, not being GOOD.
You've got to hand it to Miller and Rodriguez. Their Sin City is no place for tourists.
I loved it, I loved it, I loved it. I loved every gorgeous sick disgusting ravishing overbaked blood-spurting artificial frame of it.
It's Rourke who locates the humor in the movie's wildly exaggerated violence, and captures the comic book spirit of the piece.
Having this movie's revolutionary visuals ands ghoulish sense of fun indelibly imprinted on my brain hasn't in the least stifled my yearning to experience the real thing again as soon as possible.
Watch it, listen to it. Just don't chew on it too much. It's not great art, and it's not great literature. It is just the flat-out coolest looking movie to come along in years.
It's irresistibly magnetic because it serves as a barely distorted mirror to our world.
Undeniably exciting, and as close to a comic book as the movies have ever gotten. It's a fun ride.
Unlike anything you've ever seen before.
I wish that Rodriguez and company had picked just one story (Marv's) and made one really good movie instead of three OK movies-in-one.
It's tempting to describe Sin City as high adolescent art. But there's stuff in this wildly abstract collection of hard-boiled crime stories that appeals to, um, a more mature level of arrested development.
Mixing live-action with computer-generated images, it looks like the novels, talks and bleeds like the novels, is as muscular and voluptuous as the novels -- and it leaves you breathless as only a movie can.
Once the novelty of its considerable razzle-dazzle wears off, the film just sits there, because Rodriguez has made one simple, but fatal, mistake: As cinematic as they are, Miller's graphic novels aren't movies.
Grotesquely violent but weirdly beautiful.
For about an hour Sin City is a guilty pleasure. After that it's just guilty of being self-indulgent and self-congratulatory.
Except for the striking images, it starts to fade even as you're watching it. It is such a bold and striking movie, however, that for the first time we can appreciate the full potential of what Rodriguez has wrought.
Sin City gives sin a great name -- it's never been more plentiful or looked so gorgeous. What a visually stunning film this is.
This big-screen treatment of Miller's graphic novels is a soft- core marathon of stylized mayhem, flesh-pot excess and cinematic pretense.
If you can handle the comics, you're gonna love it onscreen.
It's loud, large, sick and a whole lot of fun.
I like movie violence as much as the next person ... [b]ut I like it to have more snap and tingle than this sense-deadening slop.
A redemption saga as overripe with religious allegory as it is anything else, in search of a confession booth or maybe just the hard stuff straight up or even a cold shower. But you won't simply leave it behind. It hurts too good.
If you have a taste for this sort of thing, it's difficult to imagine how it could be done any better.
It's not always easy to watch, and it's certainly not for the easily offended. But visually, there's much to enjoy, especially the striking black-and-white imagery offset with periodic, selective bits of colors.
It's so visually exciting that you can't stop looking at it, even when all that's happening on screen is the relentless reduction of skull and brain matter into pulp. It's so cool, it could almost give you frostbite.
Without doubt the most visually stunning live action transfer of the comic book format to the big screen ever made.
Talking bluntly about sex for five minutes will earn an NC-17. Showing it frankly for one minute will do the same. Maiming and slaying people in close-up for two hours -- and delighting in it -- will get you only an R.
Visually, Rodriguez has applied his considerable technical skills, shooting on High Definition Video, to effectively translate Miller's color splashed black & white graphics to the screen as literally as possible.
Sin City is the first great Hollywood joy ride of the year.
See with your eyes and Sin City may knock them out. See through them, however, and you'll see how empty these shadowy streets truly are.
Not a quarter of an hour could tick away on the hands of time before someone was shot, stabbed, electrocuted, exploded, emasculated, decapitated or eaten. It was beautiful.
There's good and then there's great and then there's Sin City. Every moment is a story unto itself, every damsel's eye and killer's craggy face has its own tale to tell
Sin City is nothing but a video game on a big screen without the interactivity.
A rough-and-tumble magnum opus of digital filmmaking that thrillingly basks in the sick, slick, sexy and quick-witted excesses of its imaginatively mutant stylizations.
Wow! $*#@-ing wow!
At last, we have a comic book movie that actually looks and feels like a comic book!
[B]reathes with genuine, haunting power because it comes to us here and now, when the real world doesn't feel so different from [this] stew of immorality and hopelessness...
Imagine Pulp Fiction printed on real pulp paper and you get an idea of this movie's full-immersion approach to bringing a comic book to life.
A sullen, audacious, implausible fantasy that deliberately delivers a non-stop barrage of graphic cruelty and violence
It's easy to appreciate the artistry of Sin City... but equally hard to appreciate the film.
It's stylized and surreal, where every frame is a work of art - all moody black and white with splashes of brilliant color.
As au courant as a school shooting...
...Rodriguez's obsession with painstakingly recreating a comic book on screen makes him punch through the medium of film into something with a hollow heart.
Using a comic book as a template rather than merely a guide, Rodriguez and Miller have fused fantasy and noir to create a truly enveloping film-going experience.
If you can take what's being thrown at you, Sin City is an incendiary movie experience.
Sin City is as vibrant and hostile as the fictional metropolis of the same name
A pointless wallow in sadism... Willis, Rourke, and Boothe have all done way cooler tough-guy movies for Walter Hill.
Technically the film is a masterpiece.
Mickey Rourke blows me away with his acting and Elijah Wood creeps the hell out of me? I swear to God, I don't understand the universe anymore.
For all the preoccupation on external artifice and style, there's also a poetic core to the proceedings.
Hell on wheels. Visual dynamite.
A grand experiment... It exists merely to see if it can -- just to find out if a distinct looking comic book can be duplicated on screen with live actors.
Not only lives up to its namesake but exceeds... shot-for-shot, frame-for-frame, and depravity-for-depravity. Enjoy!
A gloriously grim and terrifically nasty piece of escapist entertainment; a comic-book-noir masterpiece full of delicious dread, terrible temptation, and shady chivalry.
A treasure for both cineastes and those looking simply to be dazzled for two hours.
It's a world with its own moral formulation, one that confounds our notions of good and evil, strips them of their conventional meaning, reduces them to the bare essentials.
Any movie that makes Brittany Murphy palatable must be amazing... the first true successor to Pulp Fiction.
The most strikingly innovative dumb movie you'll ever see.
The film retains not just the look of its source material but its tone, too -- its dark mood swings, its hard-boiled love affairs, its grimly funny violence.
The purest and most exquisite conversion of material from one medium to another ever achieved.
As faithful an interpretation as you're likely to ever see.
I do think that a film like this, especially one made by a major director under the flag of artistic integrity, adds something ugly to the air for which critics must hold it accountable.
It'll be interesting to see how time treats City's novelty value once live action/computer screen hybrids become more common. Right now it looks like one of the movies that will define its year even more than the Kill Bill duo did.
Rodriguez and company have so faithfully captured Miller's essence, there's something beautiful about the whole thing. It's an act of inspired reverence.
Sin City feels like a kid having fun with all his expensive toys. However, unlike some spoiled brats who don't like to share, Robert Rodriguez lets us all in on his game.
Sin City is one of those films that you know going in is either going to be super-cool or ultra-awful. And in this case, depending on how you look at it, you can't lose or you can't win, because it's both.
A pastiche of the most naively macho extremes of brutal pulp fiction, lovingly rendered as mock anti-hero B-movie crime opera.
Sin City has been made with such scrupulous care and obvious love for its genre influences that it's a shame the movie is kind of a bore.
Collecting a variety of familiar figures from cinematic crime dramas of the last 75 years... Sin City is as much collage as it is homage, a fantasy of the very darkest kind.
Every now and then, a movie does more than gamely defend the status quo but actually advances the art form. So it is with Sin City, a stunning, brutal vision of a city gone mad.
Sin City is jazzed by excess, by the thrill of crafting a sharp-edged, high-contrast shadow world where it's hard to tell the difference between cartoons and reality.
Breathtaking to look at, but its core is without a pulse.
Slick and stylish makes it watchable. But after awhile, its smarmy self-conscious attitude and lack of structure start to wear thin.
Sometimes it all seems as schematic as a theme park attraction. Mostly, though, the movie comes across like the fever dream of a smart, put-upon adolescent who'd been up all night watching every black-and-white crime movie made since the sound era.
Really, there will be no reason for anyone to make a comic-book movie ever again. Miller and Rodriguez have pushed the form as far as it can possibly go.
Leather-fetish T&A, ultra-violence comic style, and a plethora of dirty deeds by dastardly dudes-n-dames await you...
Violent, filthy, sexist and nasty, mesmerizing, inventive and awe-inspiring.
Gorgeous and gory, a graphic film noir taken to the nth level, Sin City is not just for devotees of Frank Miller.
It's a visualization of the pulp noir imagination, uncompromising and extreme. Yes, and brilliant.
I found the movie every bit as sickening as its creators intended it to be, minus the kicks they so palpably got out of making it.
I can't endorse the content, but I can't dismiss the presentation. Sin City is superlative filmmaking in service of a poisonous view of humanity. It's a dangerous work of art.
Strange, surreal, dazzling
A movie of such high style, done in such a spirit of electrifying fun and creativity, that it kisses the blood right off its own violent hands.
What we get is a preponderance of sameness. A movie with one vibe that oversells itself and, eventually, overstays its welcome.
What happens in Sin City feels like what might have been going on in those 1940s and '50s crime pictures when no one was looking.
You know you've gone beyond run-of-the-mill movie violence when you need to use the plural for 'castrations.'
Sauvage, sexy, violent, cool, unique, sadique, extrême, politiquement incorrect, et j'en passe.
One hell of a great movie.
Innovative and dazzling in its absolute loyalty to the visual style of its inspiration... brings comic book pages alive to a degree that is unprecedented in movie history.
Probably the cheapest, most juvenile and awesomest movie ever, it's a young, dumb and full-of-come fantasy/noir, fanboy nirvana extravaganza.
Sin City is a daring and fascinating experiment that succeeds in almost every way but the most important one.
Silence, fiend! The consensus here: One arm cannon up!
The glee with which Rodriguez films the sadism may be off-putting, but the joy with which he pays tribute to both the comic form and film noir is positively infectious.
Sin City, Robert Rodreguez's visionary, wildly imaginative pulp noir, based on Frank Miller's graphic novels is his most accomplished and flamboyant film to date.
So seduced by the visual possibilities of sin that style becomes its own vice.
A meticulously-crafted weapon of a movie that will please, disgust, and inspire loyalty among comic fans and strong-stomached general audiences alike.
It's hard to deny the imagination on display here, and the specificity of the filmmaking. Sin City is a memorable, disturbing triumph.
At long last, here is a film that fully justifies why we still love going to the movie theater.
Accuracy isn't the same thing as quality.
Rodriguez loves his material so much that he embalmed it.
Sin City has more severed heads, dismemberments and acts of cannibalism than The Silence of the Lambs and Freddy vs. Jason put together. I loved it!
Filled with stylistic violence, over-the-top acting and action and is completely deserving of its R-rating. In other words, I loved every minute of it.
The most deadly thing in Sin City is the crushing boredom that sets in after the novelty of the visual style has worn off.
Pure entertainment with insanely cool visuals, Sin City is the most faithful comic adaptation of all time.
The bad-boy equivalent of One from the Heart... the splendor of the images comes to seem pretty vacuous in the absence of any content deeper than the pulpiest pulp.
The major problem is that after about 10 minutes, you've seen all the movie's tricks. The look is hypnotic yet never changes.
It's all about sack-size and the lizard brain--and as a film, it's something like pure aggression and machismo, freebased on a filthy spoon and shunted into an open vein.
Film noir on steroids; a movie so cool you're not supposed to be concerned about its total lack of moral grounding. Nor its profound sexism. Nor its misanthropic nihilism.
Relentless, shocking, and admirably experimental.
There's something to appreciate around every corner -- the gritty characters, the uncompromising story, and, most of all, visuals to astound and amaze.
Retrograde, sexist, and gleefully sadistic... pitiable and fearful in the language we go to the movies to learn. The old cop line "There's nothing to see here" hardly applies.
'Classic' isn't word enough to describe this unflinching look into the dark side of the comic book world.
...eye-popping visuals, tremendous fun, delectable dialogue, ultra-cool characters and...
An exhilarating tapestry of valor, selfishness, deceitfulness, and martyrdom.
A relentless assault on the senses, jam-packed with stylish visuals, great lines, over the top violence and a surprising amount of hearty laughs.
Sublime! Visually stunning. Great, meanspirited fun.
Be prepared to shut your eyes through some of it, but the rest of it is a wild ride.


@highlight

Visually groundbreaking and terrifically violent, Sin City brings the dark world of Frank Miller's graphic novel to vivid life.