This movie is packed with so much glamour and carnage you won't believe it's a documentary about one man.
The continued relevance of The Battle of Algiers is both a point of fascination and something to mourn.
Fifty years after its first run, The Battle of Algiers is still a cinematic stick of dynamite.
illo Pontecorvo's fictional documentary classic of the mechanics of terrorism and counterterrorism is a tense, crack thriller and one of the greatest films to draw a portrait of both sides of urban conflict.
It uses realism as an effect, documentary as a style. You feel that you're really there, and you can't help but be moved.
It neither demonizes nor lionizes either side of the conflict, aiming for just-the-ugly facts objectivity. Nobody who sees it is likely to feel comforted, or even vindicated. The emotion it most frequently and fervently inspires is sorrow.
The film is not just a relentlessly gripping entertainment but also a cinematic Rorschach blot, a moral miasma that tosses our sympathies this way and that.
Its content has classic and tragic dimensions beyond politics.
Essential viewing.
The film establishes a kinetic documentary effect, making the impact of every shoot-out and explosion a deeply personal experience.
This seminal. meticulously crafted work about Algiers struggle for freedom won the Venic Film Fest top award, and deservedly garnered Pontecorvo Oscar nominations as Best Director and Co-scribe.
Partially because of its documentary style, used so effectively by director Gillo Pontecorvo, it never gets heavy-handed -- exploring the idea of violence as a necessary evil for freedom.
Both a how-to manual for guerrilla terrorism and a cautionary tale about how to fight it. It's also quite possibly the finest war film ever made.
Agitprop cinema hits a fierce apex in co-writer/director Gillo Pontecorvo's unique wartime thriller.
It's a frank blend of exoticism, eroticism and foreshadowed horror.
It's a dedicated effort with importance as a 'document.'
One of the essential works of world cinema.
A riveting reconstruction of the struggle for independence in mid-50s Algiers, its pseudo-documentary style still feels as headline-fresh as its content.
Gillo Pontecorvo's epic of revolutionary fervour has dimmed not an iota since it was first released in 1966.
Forty years on, the film's lost not a fraction of its power.
Faux-documentary masterpiece
Whatever they made of The Battle of Algiers at the Pentagon, this is a must-see for everyone else now.
Brilliantly directed set-pieces and remarkable thronging crowd scenes make the film a masterpiece; the ominous familiarity of its subject makes it a must-see.
The most important piece of political filmmaking since Battleship Potemkin.
The inspiration and blueprint for docudrama and ideological cinema worldwide.
what really resonates on watching Algiers is its message about the widespread loss of civilian life and the staggering destruction to civic infrastructure as the heaviest costs of war
Superb and unrivalled.
While it's clear that the movie is very much a stacked deck, which invariably takes the Algerian side, the bias doesn't lessen the film's lesson.
What lessons a modern viewer can gain from the film depends on who is watching and what they want to see.
A thrilling movie with the unusual message that sometimes terrorism works.
It's as fresh and suspenseful as anything before or since.
This film has received a lot of praise from critics, but not that many people will find this that entertaining.
The most electrifyingly timely movie playing in New York was made in 1965.
What makes this Charlotte Film Society entry remarkable is that the Italian director sympathizes with both sides.
The film's explosive power transcends the headlines.
The painful, desperate film, a re-enactment of Algerian revolutionaries' efforts to break free from French rule, is a practical textbook on how not to run an occupation.
A restored print of the landmark film has been re-released, and the superbly crafted, often-unnerving film is well worth your attention.
The same power it had 40 years ago is still evident.
Staged with almost newsreel precision but presented with the punch of a great political thriller..despite being half a century old, still has a powerful and pertinent message.
An extraordinary movie that ruffled many feathers when it first came out. Almost 40 years later, it retains the poignancy it delivered back then.
A fascinating movie in its own right, more relevant because of today's world situation.
An epic of intimate objectivity.
It takes about an eighth of a second for the film to seem all too relevant.
Its relevance to world events is just as clear today, more so, it seems, with each passing day.
A chilling cinematic history lesson.
The film's ruminations about the meaning of terrorism and efforts to deal with it really resonate in the post-9/11 world. That makes this already-tense film all the more chilling and all the more memorable.
As something similar happens to our soldiers in Iraq, it's a piece of blood-chilling horror every time we see this story from today's news repeated in a 38-year-old movie.
It remains a surprisingly instructive and cautionary lesson in the way that populist movements can burn parent states down to their grass roots.
The Battle of Algiers still resonates today, and probably always will
Remains a signficant achievement, a testament to film's powers to put you in the middle of a historical event and make it feel real.
Pontecorvo essentially established the cinematic language that we recognize in recent dramas based on actual events, from Bloody Sunday to Black Hawk Down.
Still powerful and upsetting because of its unpolished immediacy ... and because the movie declines to judge the terrorists' actions.
Gripping and technically dazzling documentary-style drama.
The price of invasion has never been more poignantly spelled out than in this classic film.
Perhaps the finest political film of the 1960s.
Magnificent moviemaking.
It remains one of the greatest depictions of the mutually dehumanizing nature of war ever made.
It's more disturbing now than ever.
The chafing, mutually uncomprehending collision of Western occupiers and Muslim occupied has never been captured with such dispassionate, thrilling clarity.
gripping, relevant cinema...Irish film, "Bloody Sunday," borrowed its entire structure from "Algiers."
Few movies have done such an eloquent, evenhanded job of defining the conflict between colonialists and natives determined to free themselves from foreign rule.
The director's real achievement is not in making a piece of agitprop but in using these fundamental tools of cinema in such an extraordinarily affecting way.
A startling and still-potent view of the double standard of war.
The verity of a documentary...with the narrative drive and emotional charge of a great thriller
plays like a mesmerizing action thriller that derives from the best traditions of Hollywood.
This lesson in modern warfare is not only instructive to the Pentagon's military but is of considerable value to any generation's fascination with law, order, anarchic behavior and classic story-telling technique.
a lesson in modern warfare
The greatness of The Battle of Algiers lies in its ability to embrace moral ambiguity without succumbing to it.
The 'smell of truth' that Pontecorvo said he was after in this film has never left it, and likely never will.
Like all masterpieces, it speaks to later ages as powerfully and intelligently as to its own.
A classic of politically engaged filmmaking.
You won't soon forget the face of Brahim Haggiag, who plays the revolutionary leader Ali as if he were channeling the misery of colonialism into a solitary stare of accusatory outrage.
If any movie squeezes you into the shoes of grassroots combatants fighting a monstrous colonialist power for the right to their own neighborhoods, this is it.
A timelessly powerful film.
'The Battle of Algiers' serves potent warning to those who envision warfare, or any Western-dictated settlement, in areas so hungry and so foreign.
It looks beyond any question to be an original documentary film, put together from newsreel footage, complemented by staged dramatic scenes.
Pontecorvo has nearly accomplished the impossible: to make an epic film that convinces the viewer he is watching the real thing.
Vital and disquieting, this is a powerful depiction of the pity of war. As shocking today as it was on the day of its release.
A riveting look at France's failed attempt to remain a colonial force in Algeria. Re-release.





@highlight

A powerful, documentary-like examination of the response to an occupying force, The Battle of Algiers hasn't aged a bit since its release in 1966.