A highly enjoyable movie that has two breathtaking performances at its core.
It can't engage on a level similar to the best mafia films, but Black Mass is a strong showcase for actors featuring some splendidly bloody murders
This is an unpleasant story about unpleasant people that would like to echo Scorsese's The Departed but doesn't come close.
It's such a treat to see Johnny Depp in a serious role again.
To watch Depp as Bulger is to watch a pit bull standing back as the lesser dogs fight over the scraps he provides.
There's a black hole in the middle of Black Mass. And it isn't Johnny Depp. He's actually quite good as Boston mob boss James "Whitey" Bulger, who held sway over the city for three decades. Rather, the hole is the script.
Scott Cooper appears to have made Black Mass under the assumption that his work was half done the moment he jotted the words "Boston-set crime drama" on a notepad.
Since the ground covered in Black Mass has been covered before many, many times, and often much better, I think a moratorium should be placed on stories centered on the rise and and fall of gangsters
Black Mass attempts to be something great; yet, when thinking back to it, it's likely only the acting that will be remembered. The film is riddled with common gangster tropes and underdeveloped characters.
Depp sticks out like a sore thumb in an otherwise bland crime drama. And when the film isn't distracting, it's mostly just plain boring.
I remains watchable throughout, thanks to Depp reincarnation as a star who can also act.
A gripping character study and the best-acted film of the year so far, an unnerving look at the pursuit of power.
You've seen better mob movies, and much better Depps.
Yes, it's a relief to see Depp playing a real character again, not another one of his circus freaks -- I just wish he'd been given a better film to operate in.
The cast is so deep, and there's so much more to the story, that it's hard not to get the feeling that this would have made a great TV series.
[Black Mass] is powered by Depp's depiction of the man as a coiled spring, as likely to give an associate a hug as three lead slugs in the face.
A a well-crafted, well-acted, and competently executed movie that you've seen many, many times before.
Black Mass isn't quite in the same league as The Departed (also inspired by Bulger) or Eastern Promises; but this smart, well-acted and entertaining film beats to its own drum and is an intriguing addition to the genre.
Slavishly hitting Scorsesean music cues, Black Mass lacks the title's implied mystique.
A mélange of undercooked characters with nothing to say and nowhere to go.
Violent, uncompromising and superbly executed, this is visceral filmmaking of the highest order.
Luckily, though, Depp's performance is brilliant and essentially the only thing about the film that could be called 'great'.
Black Mass is all about Bulger. But thankfully, that means it's all about Depp. And you won't be able to tear your eyes from him - even when you want to.
A solid, straightforward if not particularly memorable addition to a genre that has seen a number of illustrious contributions in recent years.
Here Depp is controlled, measured and deeply unsettling.
Strip away Depp's theatrics and Black Mass is a handsomely crafted, if overly familiar, tale of crime and punishment that faintly echoes Martin Scorsese's Oscar-winning drama The Departed.
For a biopic of a real-life person, this feels like an oddly standard mob thriller. It's the true story of Boston gangster James "Whitey" Bulger, and it's told with gritty filmmaking and robust performances.
...as real-life mobster James "Whitey" Bulger, Depp may have found his greatest performance.
Bulger was a cruel killer and an ally of Irish Republican fascism but it's not all bad, he gave us Johnny Depp back.
The tale torn loyalties and brazen betrayals make for a solid thriller.
Black Mass moves like a heavyweight, and when Cooper lands his punches they hurt. I can't imagine it's going to do much for the South Boston tourist trade, though.
Depp has never been short on menace, and he is so unpleasant as Bulger that his usual gangster charm never kicks in, leaving the audience cold.
Packs a nasty gangland punch, but lacks the Corleone clout necessary to back up its much-discussed blood-and-honour themes.
Depp's performance as Bulger goes far deeper than swept-back, thinning hair and leathery, reptilian skin and delivers a soul-chilling study of sociopathic evil.
A crude testimony of the life of a criminal that shows us that it doesn't matter what you do, what matter is how and when you do it and who see's you doing it. [Full review in Spanish]
An enjoyable, if occasionally derivative crime drama, that's elevated by a career-best performance from Johnny Depp.
All praise to Black Mass.
A pacey, involving thriller that hinges on a disciplined turn from Depp.
There's plenty here we have seen before... and seen done better.
If it wasn't for Johnny Depp's brilliant performance this would be just another forgettable gangster flick. [Full review in Spanish]
Johnny Depp gives an impressive performance that proves that when he wants to, he can be one of the greatest actors in the business today. [Full review in Spanish]
An intense drama with a great cast and an impeccable production. [Full review in Spanish]
A solid execution of a familiar tale, crammed with a likable, watchable cast. But it doesn't have anything new to say about why men do despicable things.
Good, but remember that this film is as dense as it's also good cinema. [Full review in Spanish]
A compendium of dull gangster shenanigans which shirks hard reality at every turn.
Though the women could be stronger and the accents occasionally jar, cooper's study of moral corruption enthrals.
Compelling and powerfully acted, with just enough wrinkles to avoid the ghosts of gangster movies past.
Depp and the rest of the cast (except Cumberbatch) make for a good ensemble. The problem is that the script does not know where to go and becomes an empty experience. [Full review in Spanish]
This is a good exponent of film noir, with good touches of cop and family dramas, of which it has many influences, particularly Scorsese. [Full Review in Spanish]
Johnny Depp steals the movie as a ruthless gangster that could put him on the Oscar race. [Full review in Spanish]
An ok film, and thats it. It never really becomes what it intended to be. [Full review in Spanish]
All it really accomplishes is the heady task of making one of the most wanted criminals in U.S. history a boring Hollywood trope.
What drives the world of Black Mass is Bulger's enablers, henchmen and virtually faceless rivals whom he stylishly dispatches. It's the human factor that's missing right across the board.
it's more like a fact-sheet than a melodrama
Johnny Depp's performance as real-life criminal James 'Whitey' Bulger is just another anemic reflection of film noir, the once-virile genre that gave birth to the gangster as American antihero and offered a cautionary tale for the collective subconscious
Consegue mesmo é nos lembrar de como o sucesso artístico de Os Bons Companheiros é algo difícil de se alcançar.
Black Mass... can't figure Whitey out. Developments that seem important come and go without their mark on the man being clear.
While it's difficult to find a rooting interest amid their moral vacuum, their battle of wits and weapons remains compelling.
The movie is built to be somber, distant and cold, maybe it's the ways it's shot, but it generates an emotional dryiness and soberness that this story needs. [Full review in Spanish]
Instead of a great movie we only get a good movie, but we do get an excellent performance from Johnny Depp. [Full review in Spanish]
A movie with a permanent state of tension, with a creepy and dark atmosphere. Those looking for a goos thriller will find it here. [Full review in Spanish]
Black Mass is as terrifying as is kind of a letdown... but it's definately not a bad movie. [Full review in Spanish]
A grim, sturdy crime tract that owes everything to Depp's immersive portrayal, even as it slowly peters out.
Black Mass is being framed as Johnny Depp's return to the real world after more than a decade of mostly playing fantasy characters. Don't believe it.
Black Mass has gone through numerous rewrites and incarnations over the last several years. Somewhere during that time whatever soul, whatever depth, whatever personality that inspired Depp to go that extra mile has disappeared.
We're also not invited to find Depp's subhuman-looking Jimmy cool and funny (like Martin Scorsese's Goodfellas), and we leave fully convinced that the guy was a psychopathic scumbag.
Feel free to call Black Mass Johnny Depp's return to form. It isn't, but if you want to hide from the fact he's now just out for the money go right ahead.
Black Mass too often plays like a tribute to previous crime films, particularly Martin Scorsese's Goodfellas, but while it cops the stylistic licks and the attitude, there's little of the telling detail or astute psychology.
Black Mass has the ambition to be Goodfellas; the fact that it failed doesn't make the film a failure though; it's worth your time for Depp alone.
The long overdue return of Johnny Depp, dramatic actor.
This is the best performance we've seen from Johnny Depp in a while. He's created a character who will keep you on your toes throughout the whole film.
It's well-made. It boasts a lot of good actors. It proves (if proof were needed) that Johnny Depp can underplay. But it's also neither particularly compelling, nor exciting.
The dense drama offers one of the strongest ensembles of the year.
The two lead actors and the complexity of their involvement to each other carried my interest almost entirely throughout an untidy but compelling and gruesome crime opera.
Depp is undeniably striking as the film's human centrepiece but his performance feels gimmicky; it's impossible to get past the freak factor.
As scary as Jimmy may appear, he's anomalous and remote.
Given Depp's performance and the high-calibre cast around him, it's disappointing Black Mass isn't better.
It's impossible to take a movie seriously when the leading man looks - and acts - like Goldmember.
It feels like the entire piece was created for [Depp] to prove he's still relevant to non-Burton fans, and what he creates is nothing short of terrifying (in a good way).
[Depp] is evidently having a fine time - and if his aim is to make our flesh creep, from his perspective at least Black Mass must be reckoned a success.
Black Mass is a better adaptation of non-fiction books than most, but the experience is ultimately as cold as Bulger's heart.
On paper, the new gangster drama Black Mass has much going for it. Most notably, a remarkable true story, and the long-awaited return of Johnny Depp to 'serious' acting. On screen, however, Black Mass doesn't go anywhere much.
This crackerjack crime saga provides a peek into the workings of a mob-controlled Irish-American 'family' in South Boston during the 1970s and '80s. It also marks a welcome return to form for Johnny Depp after several disappointing performances.
What we're left with is a gripping mood piece without a payoff, a film lacking the dramatic or emotional intrigue we associate with mob movies -- and that remain necessary to any film.
Moral selectivity is in full flight here, as things are done that are justified by the means
Johnny Depp's tour de force performance as legendary Boston crime boss James 'Whitey' Bulger carries this heavy hitting gangster film, in which loyalty is everything
Johnny Depp turns in a terrific performance as a real-life cold-blooded killer.
It's Depp's best work in years, suggesting that maybe his insistence on hiding behind heavy makeup and wigs in almost every recent role has not been the problem.
A riveting drama that takes us into territory previously unexplored in gangster movies.
Depp shows us what he can do with psycho-serial instead of charming, funny and slightly idiotic. And the effect is spellbinding.
It may not be quite in the league of The Departed or Goodfellas but sharp direction and a chilling performance by Johnny Depp as Whitey Bulger makes this a worthwhile entry in the gangster film genre.
One only wishes that this gangster film was as memorable and riveting as the great lead performance of Johnny Depp.
Depp gives one of his richest performances as James "Whitey" Bulger.
Whenever Depp is on screen, it has a wicked, hypnotic quality ... but the dramatic core of the film is flat, which makes it feel more derivative than devastating
Johnny Depp has certainly played a number of odd characters over the year, but this is the first time in memory he's played a monster. And what a monster.
Black Mass may not be transcendent, but, thankfully, it also isn't Transcendence.
It's a familiar formula - most crime movies are these days - but in this instance it's well-done formula.
A hilarious chowder rainbow of bad Boston accents aside, Black Mass is such a sturdily faceless production that it could have come from a kit labeled "Whitey Bulger Biopic."
It's all handsomely mounted and strikingly shot. The performances are all good, and the dialogue has a muted grandeur. But you'll also notice just how unriveted you are, just how little you can bring yourself to care.
It gives us a Bulger impression by Johnny Depp that is notable mainly for the uglifying hair-thinning makeup. The man is utterly impassive unless strangling people.
Johnny Depp ditches the flouncy flourishes, silly accents and funny hats and gets back down to the business of acting in Black Mass, easily his finest film in a decade.
The tale of Whitey Bulger and his involvement with the Boston FBI and his own politician brother never quite comes into clear focus.
Embedded in Depp's performance is the implication of a hard life, a man whose sociopathy is the result of his primal desire to be Boston's silverback gorilla.
How much longer must we subscribe, as moviegoers, to the sentimental brotherhood of violence?
It's good to see Depp back to form. Shame about the movie he's in, though.
..Depp enters each scene as if he's just come from a costume party, and won.
Scott Cooper's self-serious style has been oppressive in movies like Crazy Heart and Out of the Furnace, but this time he actually has real material to take seriously.
Johnny Depp proves again that he can take on any role and make us believe he IS that character.
...this is Depp's movie, and it's about as close to the comeback role we all could have wanted for him.
Though its impressively sprawling cast feels largely untapped, Black Mass is a much-needed reminder of Depp's capacity for subtlety.
Fine performances, especially from Johnny Depp, barely compensate for an undercooked, pedestrian screenplay overstuffed with too many poorly developed characters
Black Mass ably demonstrates that there's still some life left in a genre that, just when we think we're out, pulls us back in.
The role is Depp's best in many years, and a welcome respite from the parade of prancing pseudo-villains-Mortdecai, the Wolf, Barnabas Collins, Jack Sparrow, Willy Wonka-to which he has devoted far too much of his career.
An amazing subdued performance in evil by Depp.
It cribs from just about everything Martin Scorsese has ever done in the genre - but without any of the complicated morality, stylistic artistry, or seductive panache..
There are bad people. Sometimes they die, sometimes they go to jail, but they'll always be recapped by the end credits.
An involving look at a bizarre piece of criminal history. Also, a very welcome return to form for Johnny Depp.
Black Mass is an intriguing blend of classic gangster movie drama under the umbrella of an intimate Bulger biopic.
Depp is electric in the role, not least because of the physical transformation of the dark-haired, dark-eyed actor into a man so pale and blonde he's nicknamed "Whitey."
While Scorsese's "The Departed" will undoubtedly be in the back of your mind the whole time, Black Mass is a solid enough effort to appease fans of the genre.
Depp's performance as Bulger is as strong, and as energized, as anything he's done on screen for years.
It's as if the spirit of a psychopath like Bulger resists the camera. Or maybe the movie isn't imaginative enough to penetrate his shell.
...frightening depiction of Bulger by JohnnyDepp as a cruel, coldblooded killer...highlighted by a scene between Depp and Julianne Nicholson that's as disturbing as any scene between Jodie Foster and Anthony Hopkins in 'Silence of the Lambs.'
But Scott Cooper's Black Mass, based on the book of the same name by first-rate Boston Globe reporters Dick Lehr and Gerard O'Neill, is a misfire.
[Depp] holds the screen as pure malevolence.
I'm sure the filmmakers weren't trying to make a mind numbingly boring film about the banality of evil, but that's what Black Mass is.
"All this drinking, violence, destruction of property...are these the things we think of when we think of the Irish?"
Johnny Depp as a villain works for me. Not much else he does comes close to being as good as when he's a bad guy. Based on a true story, this is intense and Depp is brilliant.
What an ugly, droning nothing of a movie director Scott Cooper's Black Mass turns out to be.
Depp Creepy and Spot-On
Even with its few shortcomings, 'Black Mass' is a powerful, well-made, well-acted film.
Proof that even after all this time, audiences haven't even begun to see everything that Johnny Depp is capable of.
Without a compelling perspective or any real insight into Bulger's sociopathic personality, it's left to Depp to carry the load.
Moody cinematography and a brooding sense of a community in which loyalty is everything add to the appeal of this sprawling, fact-based saga.
Most of the time, Black Mass feels far more fascinated with its situation than with the people in that situation.
Depp terrifies as dangerously violent real-life gangster.
Black Mass has a familiar formula many have become accustomed to with crime films, but the surprisingly strong performance from Johnny Depp not only keeps matters intriguing but also allows you to appreciate the unsettling nature of the film.
Depp and Edgerton drive Black Mass and in their hands this mob film rises above its rough spots. Their performances are the reason to see Black Mass.
For all the deserved accolades Depp will receive, this movie really is secretly [Joel] Edgerton's.
Depp's performance, chilling as it may be, is rather basic, though formidable, with variable degrees of Bulger's anger and rage.
The acting here is much stronger and more soulful than I would have expected, and not only from Depp.
Depp really is impressive. If only that were enough.
A textbook for brilliant ensemble acting, Johnny Depp is ruthless, calculating, and magnetic in 'Black Mass'.
Depp has completely vindicated himself with an electrifying performance as the vicious, snarling, unpredictable hoodlum who ruled the city of Boston for many years.
Forget about his outings as Tonto or Mortdecai. Depp is back in form as the ruthless killer.
Ambitious but anti-climatic Black Mass is an interesting miss...
For all its strengths, Black Mass feels, more than anything, like actors playing dress-up
It might not be quite up to Scorsese standards in terms of highly polished organized crime tales that equally unnerve & entertain viewers, but it's solid work all around. (Full Content Review - Sex, Violence, Profanity, etc. - for Parents available)
Whenever Depp is on screen, nothing else matters.
With all the talent on board here, expectations go beyond creepiness; unfortunately creepiness is about as far as the movie ultimately goes.
Depp's superb work here is a major turnaround in a career fallen to hats and Halloween costumes.
Feels like the worst kind of history lesson where we never learn why we're supposed to care about any of it.
(Johnny) Depp, however, dominates "Black Mass." His Bulger is a cold-blooded reptile, a human cobra ready to strike at the slightest provocation.
The most terrifying image on movie screens this year is the ice blue eyes of Johnny Depp as crime boss Jimmy "Whitey" Bulger, opaque, implacable, and piercing.
A solid addition to the gangster genre, then. They just forgot to give you anybody to care about or like.
Depp Digs Deep in "Black Mass."
While there's nothing totally new here, Black Mass works the tropes extremely well and sets the scene early in the mean streets of 1970s South Boston.
A bleak, claustrophobic based-on-fact film that draws us completely into a dark world of crime and complicity.
Propelled by a raw and primal performance by Johnny Depp, Scott Cooper's Black Mass will have you barricading your doors and hiding under the bed after seeing this corrosive gangster film.
Black Mass, a down and dirty crime drama based on the exploits of Boston gangster James "Whitey" Bulger, is thrilling for a number of reasons.
"Black Mass" is a strong, assured film, and Depp's turn as Bulger is one of the best pieces of work in his long, eccentric career.
Black Mass isn't The Departed, and it's a bit too black and white. But movie mobster fans can relax, cause the movie doesn't need to have a hit taken out on it.
Watch it for Johnny Depp and Joel Edgerton's masterful performances.
The fact-based Black Mass places as an also-ran next to The Departed, with its more fanciful spin on Bulger myth, proving the dictum found in The Man Who Shot Liberty Valance: "When the legend becomes fact, print the legend."
It's absolutely chilling to watch Depp. With bad teeth and a head of dramatically receding hair, the actor somewhat resembles Jack Nicholson in The Departed but deftly avoids caricature as he grows more sinister with every murder.
Depp puts on a good show, but the movie doesn't really move.
As a historical document, the movie is strong, but as a story it limps, leaving us cold at the end.
For all of its flaws, it's the first American gangster film since "Eastern Promises" that has added anything truly fresh to the classic, street-level gangster story.
Scott Cooper makes the deeds of Bulger and his Winter-Hill gang a depressing roster of slightly escalating crimes-not only does crime not pay, it's not very much fun.
I believe Scott Cooper's Black Mass can run with Scorsese's mob trilogy of Goodfellas, Casino and The Departed.
Coiled, magnetic, frightening and seductive, Depp's Whitey Bulger is more like the serpent Kaa from The Jungle Book than he is your usual screen gangster. ... Black Mass gets far more right than it gets wrong in bringing the Bulger-FBI saga to the screen.
Welcome back to the real world, Mr. Depp.
A mixed bag, full of diamonds in the rough and a few precious gems.
Props to Depp for finding the calm centre in a violent, unpredictable character.
We want more than just the facts, but the movie takes this story at face value and runs with it.
Depp hones in and practically disappears into the part of the psychopathic crime boss. You get chills whenever he's onscreen, when his eyes can become as cold and menacing as any weapon.
an effective entertainment buoyed by two men who literally make or break it.
The way [Depp] plays Bulger, where even a touch of his hand to a woman's face is more threatening than a gun placed to an informant's head, goes beyond the normal bounds of acting. This is greatness unfolding in front of our eyes.
The movie's good enough that you should see it if you want to. But you don't have to, and, in these parts, that matters.
"Black Mass" isn't pretty, but it certainly is strong.
A grievous, blood-strewn, sumptuously lensed portrait of a human monster who believed he was above the law—and, for far too many years, kind of was.
"Black Mass" is the sort of gangland film you would call run of the mill, if only it dashed faster.
Whether "Black Mass" eclipses "Donnie Brasco," "Blow" or "Public Enemies" remains debatable, but Depp's performance emerges as more memorable.
Depp dials into the man's malevolent charisma and canniness. The connection is clear as a bell, and it's as good as anything he's done in a decade.
You forgive the zigs, zags, evasions and subplots for the hardcore power of Depp's performance and the film's portrait of moral rot on both sides of the law.
This is the sort of movie Sidney Lumet might have made in his prime -- intelligently written, handsomely mounted, and loaded with top actors.
Depp's performance...makes this journey into the world of a vicious crime lord endlessly engrossing and at times positively startling.
Despite being a fairly compelling true-life story with some fine performances, Black Mass never attains the greatness to match its ambition.
Individual scenes build to satisfying jolts, but the movie as a whole feels both derivative and disjointed.
This is a good, solid, well-executed crime story. Nothing more, nothing less.
Depp disappears into the character to create a cold-blooded killer who can create empathy when tragedy befalls his family, and he shows us a level-headed businessman who can strangle a woman to death and then take a nap before a dinner meeting.
Black Mass aims for grandeur and misses embarrassingly.
The steady flow of sour deals, minor slights avenged, and prostitutes that require beating to death (poor Juno Temple) begin to wear on one's attention.
Johnny Depp's transformative shift into feared Boston crime boss Whitey Bulger marks a career high for the actor who has finally regained his magic touch for portraying well-defined, memorable characters.
A crime drama that creeps and drips blood like a horror movie, and in many respects it is.
This parade of slaughter by someone who barely seems interested in his own fate grows monotonous.
Electrifying, mesmerizing, and filled with tour de force performances... instantly the best film of the year so far.
What "Black Mass" gains in moral honesty, it loses in dramatic momentum. Even filmmakers and actors as fine as these haven't managed to solve one of cinema's most enduring challenges - making criminals interesting without exalting them.
In scene after scene, some fine actors go to town and dive into the material gratefully.
"Black Mass" is a solid piece of filmmaking, from subtle beginning to the excessive end.
It's the anti-Goodfellas, for better and for worse. Very entertaining, but there's something missing.
Stellar talent soars in this stranger than fiction true life gangster tale.
Black Mass more or less limits itself to procedural status. Within those aims, it's a pretty good one, absorbing and well-made.
A void about a void who's in fact not a void but a person who, in the movie sense at least, deserves better.
Depp's brutal antihero is the highlight of this compelling if somewhat familiar gangster movie.
Mortdecai is still the best Johnny Depp movie of 2015.
Depp rarely possesses the aura of someone with his real-life character's power.
I'm as susceptible as any other deskbound, conflict-averse fantasist to the visceral appeal of a good gangster movie. But "Black Mass" isn't one.
If there's a problem with Black Mass, it's that the general arc of the story is well known...its details reflect the plot points of many other gangster films. But it's the getting there that's the thrill.
The acting in "Black Mass" is tremendous.
It's one of those movies that you don't exactly enjoy (so many guns, so many deaths), but you appreciate for its craft and tension, and for its cast's willingness to lose themselves in the darkness.
For Black Mass, Johnny Depp has dusted off his A-game, which has lain dormant for far too long.
This is a violent film about a criminally evil person who killed or corrupted almost everyone around him. Depp's portrayal of him makes this one not to miss.
Cooper strives to construct a sprawling saga of corruption, only to end up with a few terrific scenes and a lot of dead air.
Scorsese already did South Boston gangsters to much better effect in The Departed (no masterpiece), and Black Mass lacks all the period pep of American Hustle, where we actually cared about its delusional cons.
Like any crime saga without a more potent thematic hook, the film's relentlessly insular script dwells on themes of loyalty and fraternity.
"Black Mass" is a riveting character study and might land Depp an Oscar nomination, even if the film itself is not very ambitious.
Within the canon of Boston gangster movies, this one is decidedly of the first order.
Black Mass struggles to find something new to say about organized crime and the loyalty between men. But the only thing the film manages to do is remind us we've seen all this stuff done before, and done better.
122 minutes of what with absolutely no why.
[Depp] festoons himself with bad teeth, an elfin nose, and malamute eyes with fascinatingly grotesque results. What's new, however, is that he doesn't seem content with just pleasing himself this time.
Early on, Cooper's movie finds an episodic rhythm and follows it to dramatic cul-de-sacs. Just turn around and head somewhere else, from jai alai frontons in Miami to shipping weapons to the Irish Republican Army.
Stars Depp in a performance generating awards talk, makes a complicated story coherent without dumbing it down (much), lets a bunch of strong actors do their things, and yet inspires little more than adjectives like 'efficient' and 'workmanlike.'
There are moments of icy violence, and some great lived-in faces among the characters. But this is no "Goodfellas." It's just another punk, talking tough.
Depp finally breaks out of his years-long slump to remind us what a fine actor he truly is -- when he puts his mind to it. And, here, his mind is working 100 percent.
Johnny Depp is transfixing as Whitey Bulger in a film that makes good use of tone and tension to tell its violent story.
While Depp is the main attraction, it is the remarkable story populated by an all star cast...that make the film worthwhile.
It's not a bad movie, but it feels awfully familiar.
While the whole is less than the sum of its parts, this retelling of the Whitey Bulger story sure has some magnificent parts.
It's a relief to see Johnny Depp so alive, so visceral, and so overwhelming. Not since 2001's Blow, or better yet, 1998's Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas, has he taken a film and run away with it like this.
Black Mass is a tightly wound piece of work, and Cooper keeps its many small parts moving with ease.
Nicely grounded, even if Depp is never more than "Jack Nicholson Lite" and the film just another "Son of the Departed."
Johnny Depp is Oscar-worthy in this terrific crime biopic.
It's a very good film about a very bad man. But as well-crafted and well-acted as it is, it never rises to greatness because we've been watching this story in one way or another going back to the time of Jimmy Cagney and Edward G. Robinson.
For anyone who's ever dreamt of having his expectations met, there's Black Mass, a movie that's exactly what you think it's going to be.
Seedy, sadistic story of South Boston's most notorious Irish mobster - with Johnny Depp as sociopathic James 'Whitey' Bulger.
It's a mind boggling story, one in which a petty criminal built an empire by playing the F.B.I during the same years his brother Billy was president of the State Senate...Depp's Bulger is the strongest work we've seen from the actor in decades.
It's not the Celtic Godfather. Depp is terrifying, and the cast is superb. But the film needs more heart and soul.
Black Mass may not quite climb to the pantheon of gangster films that it emulates, but it remains at its best its own work of power and impact.
Black Mass is confident, robust entertainment.
Johnny Depp is at the top of his game, here, as Whitey Bulger, a very intimidating, larger-than-life monster without a functioning conscience.
Black Mass is not one of the cinema's classic mob pictures. Depp's performance is.
It is Depp's show, and once you stop being distracted by the efforts of the make-up department - which give him a high forehead, drastically slicked-back hair and the faint air of a visitor from outer space - his portrayal is utterly riveting.
A gritty, beautifully detailed, get-under-your skin slow burn.
Depp's unforgettable performance is the reason to watch the movie.
The framing device of Black Mass is a series of interviews with witnesses to the crimes of James "Whitey" Bulger and FBI agent John Connolly. It makes the actual scenes of the movie feel like the actors are re-enacting depositions.
It's not that this is a bad performance. It's just that to play Bulger -- a notorious real-life figure in Boston's underworld -- required Depp to undergo the kind of physical transformation it's hard to see past.
Johnny Depp is more engaging than he's been in years, even if his performance can feel a little restricted and one-note.
Where "Mass" excels is with a stellar cast whose spot on performances keep your interest as the film moves along.
Nicholson steals the film in two minutes. I can't wait to see more from her.
Bulger's sharp blue eyes peer out from a menacing scowl, and an iconic monster comes to life.
Black Mass doesn't break any new ground, but it's a meaty addition to the modern American crime genre.
"This is just business," Bulger constantly points out as he goes about his macabre activities. It feels like it.
Johnny Depp gives an utterly chilling performance as the notorious James "Whitey" Bulger in Boston-set crime drama Black Mass.
"Black Mass" is like Johnny Depp's troublesome mask of makeup: we're not sure what, if anything, is going on underneath it, and its biggest failing is how close it gets to almost looking like the real thing.
It's a handsome post-Scorsese gangster biopic with flavourful supporting performances and a strong sense of place, but it never takes off with the velocity of the film it most resembles, American Hustle.
Black Mass turns Aviator shades and a receding hairline into one hell of a scary combo.
This is Depp bringing his skills to the table as a man with a propensity for being both terrifying and charming, often switching between the two on a dime.
Fascinating and repellant, but nothing new.
A big, brash, horribly watchable gangster picture taken from an extraordinary true story and conceived on familiar generic lines.
Depp shines in a solid gangster biopic.
Johnny Depp does career-best work as notorious Boston gangster James 'Whitey' Bulger in Scott Cooper's taut, elegantly understated crime drama.

@highlight

Black Mass spins a gripping yarn out of its fact-based story -- and leaves audiences with one of Johnny Depp's most compelling performances in years.