It's a P.I. movie with the feel of an indie drama, set in the working class neighborhoods of Boston and filled with characters that feel like they've lived on the streets all their lives ...
An out-and-out triumph for the Brothers Affleck.
This is A-grade stuff: well-plotted, unpredictable and grounded in reality from start to finish.
As an actor, Ben Affleck might be a supporting player trapped in a leading man's body, but as a filmmaker he's an auspicious talent.
A truly stellar directorial debut by Ben Affleck.
Because it mostly succeeds, now that [Affleck's] got this and that good under-seen performance in Hollywoodland under his belt, he can hold his head high again.
A tense meditation on morality in the modern world, Gone Baby Gone is a superb crime thriller featuring a star performance from Casey Affleck. If crime drama is your thing, it really doesn't get much better than this.
The Affleck boys finally earn their stripes as cinematic artists
Gone Baby Gone is an argument for obligation over accommodation, the absolute over the contingent.
Affleck proved that his Good Will Hunting moment wasn't an aberration, and he also showed that he didn't need Matt Damon in tow to make a great movie.
Director Ben Affleck displays sensitivity to his story's thematic undercurrents, but he hasn't yet developed the authorial voice needed to enliven the conventional plotting.
After seeing Affleck's directorial debut Gone Baby Gone, I can honestly say that he has finally found his true calling in Hollywood.
Great job, everyone! The ride overall is solid and gripping, and very enjoyable despite the glimpses at the horrors of which the human animal is capable.
Back, baby, back. An excellent police procedural and a personal triumph for Ben Affleck, steering his younger brother to a performance that deserved louder applause from gong juries.
A powerful, provocative and excellently acted thriller that could literally have been torn from today's headlines.
Flawed but impressive.
A superior, haunting thriller of abduction, deception and ethical dilemma with a sobering ending - a moral quandary that demands strong debate outside the cinema.
An unusually patient approach to storytelling sets Ben Affleck's directorial debut apart, as he allows events to unfurl gradually.
To this day, six months after seeing the film for the first time, I still do not know the answer to one of the biggest moral dilemmas I have ever seen. Casey Affleck's character has to make a decision at the end of this film that just blew my mind.
The first serious foray into directing by Ben Affleck, who reinforces his creative talents by good storytelling and dense mood establishment. Brother Casey Affleck threatens to overshadow his sibling in the acting department.
...a far more accomplished and flat-out compelling piece of work than anybody could've expected.
The structure and layered storytelling make Gone Baby Gone richly satisfying. [Blu-Ray review]
... Ben Affleck is probably the last person most people thought capable of crafting such a perfectly realized movie, especially on his first time at bat.
Ben Affleck creates an authentic tone for the city of Boston, and then he gets great performances out of Casey Affleck, Ed Harris and the rest of the cast.
Forgive him for Gigli.
The reason why Gone Baby Gone works so well is the attention to which Boston is portrayed. The urban neighbourhood is like another character in an already strong cast, one that has needs and desires just like everyone else.
...count Gone Baby Gone among the better crime thrillers of 2007.
A crime thriller that redefines how character-centered stories can be approached.
Gone Baby Gone is a masterful work, going beyond the boundaries of simple detective thriller and into the realm of intelligent, morally complex drama.
The action and drama related to the taking of the girl and the unraveling of the mystery are inarguably engrossing, but sometimes twists and turns that work on the page are drained of impact once put to screen.
Better than the debuts of most actors-turned-directors in that it contains vision and perspective as opposed to concentrating mostly on performances
Casey Affleck gives one of the strongest performances of 2007...
Good enough to get me really interested in whatever Affleck directs next.
Ben Affleck se gradúa de director con un drama policial oscuro y hasta polémico, hábilmente narrado y bien actuado. Lo de Amy Ryan es una revelación.
Under the shrewd eye of director Affleck, the film allows layers of details to work their magic, changing the emotional climate and sending the story off into several unexpected turns.
After a decade and a half of increasingly pointless acting jobs, Ben Affleck has finally found his calling.
Although it's far from the masterpiece of crime drama that most critics would lead you to believe, the movie is quite good -- a keenly observant film of life's ambiguities and nuances.
Affleck's non-acting effort is dark, scuzzy, and authentic.
'Gone Baby Gone' is a sobering, unreserved affair that manages maximum effectiveness despite a few ragged edges, unlikely scenarios and risky maneuvers.
You can just smell the Oscars from the theater lobby.
I'm torn between thinking there should be more films like this or fewer. I love the moral discussions, the difficult Sophie's Choice decisions. On the other hand, how bleak, how wretched, how depressingly realistic.
Ben Affleck's first feature film as director turns out to be a much better film than most of the films that he has acted in.
As a director, Ben Affleck reveals a competent craftsmanship but not much flair or inspiration.
It doesn't appear to have enough juice to land a best picture Oscar nod, but it definitely has enough taste to linger in your mouth, heart and mind for a long time to come.
A decent story that was compelling through most of the movie.
... Signals the arrival of a natural, gifted filmmaker.
To its eternal credit, it offers absolutely no closure on the question of the heartbreaking moral dilemma that confronts the hero... but the 'neighborhood color' reaches the point of absurdity...
a riveting crime drama, wisely populated with a top-shelf cast and based on a harrowing Dennis Lehane novel.
Mr. Affleck is laying the foundation, brick by brick, for a promising new career.
The old maxim about the road to Hell literalized in this exceptional procedural.
This is Ben's debut as a director and he does an admirable job. Of course, with such a stellar cast, it would be hard to screw this up.
Some of the scenes (Patrick's terrifying encounter with some neighborhood bar bullies, early on, being one of them) are as well choreographed as any from 'The Departed'.
[A] tortured morality play that takes place on the salacious sidewalks where bluebloods and bombastic blue-collared souls equally pound the pavement in cynical unity.
The bleak victory here is in Affleck's wickedly unforgiving eye for the insularity of neighborhood, for authentic working-class Boston...
Deeply affecting crime thriller for grown ups.
Ben directs Casey in Gone Baby Gone, and it's a career highlight for both of them.
The unconvincing genre conventions in Gone Baby Gone are at odds with its authentic, lived-in atmosphere, but no one can say that Affleck hasn't looked into the depths, and the movie ends on a resonantly ambiguous note.
Casey's big brother has made a tough, taut mystery.
After a string of groan-inducing outings from Daredevil to Gigli to Jersey Girl, it looks like Ben Affleck has stepped to the other side of the camera and finally found his true calling.
The overall sense of authenticity makes the Gone Baby Gone cut all the more deep.
The third act is a labyrinth of past transgressions coming to light and shady character motivations, but co-writer/director Ben Affleck ... allows the moral ambiguity of [the film's] characters and scenario to have an impact.
... too much plot for its own good, but the underlying moral issues are handled delicately enough to keep things afloat.
...a film that immediately becomes an important part of modern Boston cinema, along with Mystic River and The Departed.
Ben Affleck as finally found his niche (as a director). This dark, hard bitten mystery is one of the best films of the year.
Steeped in atmospherics and with few false steps.
After seeing Ben Affleck's solid directorial debut in "Gone Baby Gone," maybe it's time to suggest that the actor give up his day job and turn to writing and directing full time. If this movie of his is any indication, he could have a serious go of it.
Gone Baby Gone will haunt you because it does not offer any pat answers or resolutions. It is like real life, complex and messy.
...absolutely absorbing.
Affleck's stepped up to Eastwood and Scorcese, his Gone Baby Gone completing a trilogy of sorts begun with Mystic and continued with The Departed. It's as Boston as baked beans.
[Ben Affleck] steeps the movie in the neighborhoods of the city - the bars and alleyways, where attitudes have been hardened by life on the low end of the economic ladder.
It may piss you off a little but it will engage you.
It turns out that we've had our Afflecks mixed up for years.
Patrick's dedication to the case leaves him isolated, pronouncing his version of the right thing repeatedly, as if he's unsure himself.
Ben Affleck's credible but flawed directorial debut is based on a grim Beantown thriller from the 1998 novel by Dennis Lehane of Mystic River fame.
Ben Affleck may not have made the wisest acting choices in recent years ('Gigli, anyone?) but here, in an impressive directorial debut, he proves he definitely has what it takes for a career behind the camera.
Bravo to Ben Affleck for a smart choice and impressive work.
An admirably dark, ambiguous thriller with the courage of its morally compromised convictions.
As an actor, Affleck has more turkeys on his rÃ (C)sumÃ (C) than a Thanksgiving buffet, so what makes him think he can direct? Yet Gone Baby Gone is strong enough to suggest that moviegoers -- and critics -- should give him the benefit of the doubt.
By marrying an intense thriller with bigger issues and a three-dimensional lead, Gone Baby Gone isn't only hard-hitting, it's also meaningful, emotional and resonating.
It's not a feel-good film, but it's terrific.
There's nothing flashy about Ben Affleck's direction. He clearly adores actors, and he's found the right vehicle to express what they can do.
The film is full of scenes that make the hair stand up on the back of your neck.
The film is intelligent and always heading somewhere.
[An] accomplished directorial debut.
While less successful than the similarly-themed Mystic River -- which was also adapted from a Lehane tome -- is still a cut above, thanks in large part to its many fine performances.
Lehane's superb plotting serves the director well, and Affleck's unblinking view of the world he seems to know, with an emphasis on ugliness, self-perpetuating despair and the wrong sorts of people having children, serves Lehane's story.
Gone Baby Gone goes beyond just being a good mystery. This is a film with something valid to say about child welfare, and it imparts its message with passion, depth, and grace.
Affleck has smartly gone and selected a place which he knows well and a source text that assays it with skill and no small sense of moral complexity.
Ben Affleck declares his rightful place as an auteur with his own artistic vision and storytelling ability. More than just showing promise, his Gone Baby Gone directorial debut promises great things for his future as a filmmaker.
It's as real as life and death and, just as that implies, often unpleasant to consider -- just like a meal of a hat.
Gone Baby Gone quietly accumulates in power, leading to one of the more subtly devastating final shots in recent memory.
Affleck shows a real affection for performers and their work; after assembling a good cast, he's not afraid to let them go on a little bit.
A twisty, morally ambiguous and satisfying neo-noir.
Structurally, it's a bit murky, but in every other way Gone Baby Gone marks a triumph for the Affleck brothers.
Intriguing, compelling and sometimes even poignant.
A film that indicates its first-time director knows what he's doing.
There's finally much less than meets the eye in what amounts to a linear tour of Greater Boston's criminal minds.
Brooding, somber film is ragged around the edges and not without problematic aspects.
Superb ethical drama in the guise of a wrenching, kidnapped child mystery.
A tightly controlled, carefully modulated piece of drama that will keep you thinking long after youâ(TM)ve left the theater.
One of the smartest [movies] of the year.
A love-tolerate valentine to the city, it feels more real than the gangster-gorged mean streets of Martin Scorsese's The Departed, and just as tortured as Clint Eastwood's Mystic River.
An exceptional picture.
Pulp meets poetry on the Boston rooftops in Ben Affleck's directorial debut. This absorbing and complex neighborhood-noir, about a private eye on the trail of a missing girl, is easily one of the best movies of the year.
The movie has some nice plot turns, it settles around a painful moral dilemma, and features some fine acting. But it's the sticky sweat of the street and the fine attention to detail that pulls you in and keeps you glued to the screen.
We give up before the detectives do, not just on the story, but on humanity, which I doubt is what anyone involved really wants.
A suspenseful, well-acted thriller, though there are certainly some disturbing elements to it. The very R-rated language alone may be enough to turn off some viewers.
Affleck's directorial debut [is] a deft look at deep themes.
The picture is so superbly executed in every other respect that Casey seems more quirky than miscast.
A superior police procedural, and something more -- a study in devious human nature.
Ben Affleck, whose taste in projects as an actor has been questionable at best, has directed his first film with a sensibility and intelligence that never let him down. Gone Baby Gone would be an accomplishment with anyone at the helm.
Welcome home, Ben Affleck -- all is forgiven. Yes, even Gigli.
A compelling, sometimes terrifying, and, on occasion, bleakly funny urban mystery about failure.
A morality play disguised as a murder-mystery, Gone Baby Gone asks some powerful questions about the price to be paid for doing the right thing and what the proverbial right thing even means.
A satisfyingly tough look into conscience, to those dark places where some men also go astray.
...well-made and riveting, but too depressing to be called really entertaining.
The whodunit is predictable. Its ambivalent, bittersweet fallout is not. Ben Affleck has delivered a film impossible to shake, buoyed by his brother's haunted performance as a man impossibly, and tragically, caught between justice and personal absolution.
Amanda's neighborhood is the kind of place where Will Hunting would've gotten an icepick in the neck for that "How do you like those apples" speech.
Ben Affleck really surprised me with this one.
The film doesn't fully click into the register Affleck seems to be going for -- that of a talky, tense, intricately woven urban opera of greed (both emotional and monetary), ambition and ethical relativism.
... a terrific, gripping and startlingly effective thriller. The power of the drama and the excellence of the realization obliterate all objections.
Ben Affleck's script achieves the feeling of a novel with its sprawling story, but it is achieved within the framework of a two hour movie. Take that, Dennis "448 pages" Lehane.
It's cinematic excellence from Affleck, who takes Lehane's prose and splashes it with cold water, opening the senses of the story, turning it into an unexpected emotional sucker punch.
Ben Affleck does such a surprisingly effective job behind the cameras that someone unfamiliar with him would be hard-pressed to prove that this film marks his first time in the director's chair.
strong directorial debut by a guy who could use a break, and proves he has what it takes to be involved in making movies for a long time.
Gone, Baby, Gone is not just one of the strongest pictures of the year, but one of the best debuts behind the camera for any filmmaker, moviestar or otherwise.
taut and dangerous
This story turns in on itself to finally emerge an emotional powder keg, the final weight of everyone's choices causing a landslide of second guessing and emotional chaos impossible to walk away from.
A riveting mystery/thriller ... absorbing and carefully constructed.
The movie has some strong scenes and compelling performances, too, though it misses Eastwood's clear and effortless gift for storytelling.
It's deceptively simple going forward, but devilishly complex in retrospect.
[It] really shines...when it's contrasting the self-righteousness of its characters.
Gone Baby Gone is a sterling thriller, the kind of raw cinematic power that you tell your friends about as if you've just been put through the spin cycle.
The stand-out is Amy Ryan as Amanda's almost-feral mother, in a full-on performance of breathtaking courage and mastery of detail.
This is a worthy and exciting directorial debut from Ben Affleck.
The brothers Affleck both emerge triumphant in this mesmerizing thriller.
The strength of the film's subject matter and the intelligence and perceptiveness with which it is approached make this not merely an October diversion but a genuine Oscar contender.
Affleck's feature directing debut is strong on atmospherics and moral quandaries.
[Affleck] also has fun with detective movie motifs, the tough-guy talk and verbal showdowns, but he's more interested in the complex moral tangle the story becomes.
The provocatively-titled Gone Baby Gone peels itself one layer at a time, revealing unpredicted and mesmeric sides to a story that could never be guessed from the initial setup.
An absorbing and gritty drama that compels us to think seriously about the complicated moral dimensions of what serves the best interests of children in America.
A dour, fairly intriguing mystery based on the fourth book in a series of South Boston-set detective novels by Dennis Lehane.
As a procedural, Gone Baby Gone is by the numbers. As a portrait of human folly and resilience, however, it's great drama, and it has some powerful performances to match.
A powerful exploration of the gray areas between means and ends.
The older Affleck makes a fine turn behind the camera, utilizing Boston as a character much like Gus Van Sant did in his Good Will Hunting.
Not an unqualified success, but an absorbing directorial debut with terrific performances from Michelle Monaghan, Morgan Freeman, Amy Ryan and Ed Harris
A thinking man's crime film, whose deeply etched characters and brilliant plotting have a near-Shakespearean power.
Casey Affleck disappears into his role as the extension of his brother's will, exerting command and proving he's an underused talent who deserves more leads than he's been given.
A triumph for both of the Affleck brothers...its quiet, understated approach to what could be a simply lurid topic is compelling.
...trickier than it appears - and far too tricky for first-time director Ben Affleck.
[Keeps] the book's thorny sense of morality while adding a living, breathing Boston atmosphere that most veteran directors would be proud of. It's a great movie.
Builds toward a devastating conclusion guaranteed to remain in the mind for days, weeks, maybe even months.
Lets hope the film is successful enough to drive Affleck back behind the camera, because it's sure better than watching him in front of it.
In his directing debut, Affleck has found his calling, an avenue for using his obvious intelligence while getting out of the way of his own celebrity.
In emulating the best -- Eastwood's Mystic River, Scorsese's The Departed -- Affleck shows excellent instincts, not least of which is letting his brother, Casey, hold the center as a young guy not as smaht as he thinks he is.
Impressive directing debut from media punching bag Ben Affleck - featuring another fine performance from brother Casey - aims to be a Chinatown for the Boston set and nearly succeeds.
So far this year, no other movie has more risible dialogue.
Strong performances from its ensemble cast can't compensate for undeveloped character-reversals, splashes of exploitation, and a broken storyline that feels like two different narratives stuck together.
This riveting thriller may prove to be one of the most surprising debuts in a lucrative new filmmaking career for Ben Affleck.
It's official: Ben Affleck isn't embarrassing anymore.
Casey Affleck looks like a lost boy trying hard to do the right thing; you can see the spark of moral certitude creep into his eyes as his performance develops.
Enigmatic - with a challenging conclusion that's bound to ignite conversation after the lights go on.
In his strikingly downbeat directorial debut, Affleck has created something of a blue-moon rarity: an American movie of genuine moral complexity.
A gritty expose of the shady shards of right and wrong.
A bitterly sublime neo-noir: It's Beantown, Jake. Affleck has made us breathe the rot his characters were born to die in.
Casey Affleck has never had a pedestal like the one his brother provides him, and he earns it.
Convoluted plotting inhibits clarity, with editing that resembles cut-and-paste jobs.
By capturing a sense of society lost, by using both the media focus and the behind closed doors denouements that seem to follow such situations, Affleck produces tragedy on an epic Greek scale and moviemaking of classic neo-noir artistry.
The story includes too many twists, resulting in a sense of contrivance by film's end. Yet this is still a decent, serious film that's capably directed and very nicely acted.
A terrific morally-challenged crime tale aptly directed by Ben Affleck.
Director Affleck's noirishly stylized film weighs heavily under a dense vision of lies, secrets and corrupt agendas that will have you running for a breath of air by the time it ends.
Despite generic limitations of the adapted novel and lack of smooth storytelling, film has merits, signaling honorable debut of older brother Ben Affleck, and yet another strong turn, alongside Jesse James, from the younger Casey who should become a star.
Mordant, melancholic but impressive debut for director Affleck.
Moral ambiguity is the real star of Ben Affleck's helming debut, Gone Baby Gone, an involving Boston-set tale of mixed motives, selflessness and perfidy in the wake of a 4-year-old girl's disappearance.



@highlight

Ben Affleck proves his directing credentials in this gripping dramatic thriller, drawing strong performances from the excellent cast and bringing working-class Boston to the screen.