For its two-hour running time, Mongol makes you believe that you're in the company of the future Khan and his companions as they struggle to endure the callousness of the times and the savage environment.
So, stunning to look at, but as an engaging, illuminating, convincing piece of cinema? No, not really.
Stunning to look at, but as an engaging, illuminating, convincing piece of cinema? No, not really.
A movie in which acting still prevails is Mongol. People often say, 'They don't make movies like they used to.' Maybe the Russians make movies like Hollywood used to. Mongol, photographed beautifully in Kazakhstan and the Chinese province of
This would have been one of the greatest all time epics, but there were some major gaps in the story.
...probably not the movie most audiences expected.
Visually stunning, historically interesting, and very entertaining.
It's a lumbering, emotionally cold, slow-going old-fashioned escapist sweeping biopic on the early years of Genghis Khan.
When we think of the fearsome Genghis Khan, we don't picture him as ever having been a little boy. But he must have been, and that is where this grand throwback to the sweeping historical epics of yesteryear takes up the Great Khan's story.
... Bodrov's engaging vision of Genghis Khan in several moments almost feels like the silent movie epics by the Russian cinematic pioneer Sergei Eisenstein.
Genghis Khan's lost decade fuels a handsome fantasy.
Hell has no wrath like a Khan scorned.
A saga of blood feuds, betrayals, vendettas, and a lot of fighting The film is entertaining but more macho than intelligent.
It must have been a pretty weak year for subtitled fare if the Oscar voters sought to praise this inert, inept epic.
Mongol has just enough characterization to sustain its own reason for being -- cinematic fullness.
A thoroughly rousing hunk of celluloid, a war saga that blends the sturdiest conventions of old-fashioned heroic storytelling with a few pixilated battle enhancements - check out the soaring blood globs - of the kind that spattered across 300.
The battle sequences are tremendous, and the performances are captivating, making for the sort of rousing, giant-scale entertainment that a figure as towering as Genghis Khan deserves.
The melodrama is as thick as the blood in the spectacular battle sequences, but Asano's soulful performance brings this little-understood historical icon passionately to life.
Probably the only movie you'll ever see that opens in '1192 -- Year of the Black Rat.'
...an action movie that, for a change, comes from the history books, not the comic books.
There is plenty of violence. But anyone expecting the wrath of Kahn will have to wait for the sequel.
Even though the results might not be as stunning as Kurosawa's epics, the film certainly has its highlights, especially the often-bloody battle scenes.
Mongol, from its thrilling battles to its intimate romance, has the look, scale, story and feel of an old-fashioned epic in the best and biggest sense of the word.
The real star here is director and co-writer Sergei Bodrov, who largely turns his back on CGI effects and creates stirring battle scenes the old-fashioned way.
'Mongol' is so beautifully photographed that it should knock your socks off.
Not that I'm a fan of violent behavior, but if I'm watching a movie about Genghis Khan, I expect more gut-wrenching slaughter than this.
The action sequences here are first-rate, the performances are uniformly excellent, the cinematography as good as I've seen in any film this year.
This - the first of a trilogy - is a coming-of-age story about the nomadic lad who eventually became the great warrior, Genghis Khan.
I liked it, even though the one-bloody-battle-after-another deal is not my sort of thing. If it's your sort, I bet you'll like it even more.
Bodrov's movie is most likely to be remembered for its fierce battle sequences, which frequently place the camera smack in the middle of the action.
There are plenty of haunting landscapes... along with the sort of warfare scenes that define epics, but also an unexpected take on one of history's most fearsome leaders.
Bodrov has simply created an overwhelmingly awesome Khan who could believably conquer the overwhelmingly awesome landscape over the course of two more films.
Give Mongol's makers credit for taking advantage of the spectacular scenery and creating an almost documentary reality regarding life among Mongolia's nomads. But as storytelling the film goes nowhere slowly.
A broad, old-fashioned epic in the David Lean mold.
Bodrov and Arif Aliyev wrote the film, which was one of this year's foreign-language Oscar nominees, and their account is framed as a drama of inflamed loins and intense loyalty.
The movie would be an unbearably grueling endurance test for the audience and the hero were it not for the arid beauty of the Great Steppe and the sweep of the battles, rendered with splatters of gore that lend a Jackson Pollock-like excitement to [it].
Asano's Khan is a hero in the classic mold, and the portrayal is riveting. Not entirely so the film, however, which concludes with a lengthy endnote as though it were Steppe Wars IV: A New Hope and Equal Plunder for All Men.
Mongol is an impressive epic that also captures intimate moments in the early life of the Mongolian leader.
A ferocious film, blood-soaked, pausing occasionally for passionate romance and more frequently for torture. As a visual spectacle, it is all but overwhelming, putting to shame some of the recent historical epics from Hollywood.
Temudgin is so single-minded that Asano has trouble suggesting much about his inner life.
Even the most intense human drama is somehow reduced by the landscape.
The visuals and performances make it worth it, but this is a wilfully oblique bit of warrior hagiography.
Mongol is a little slow at times, but you do a get a good history lesson while you get to see blood spraying and bodies flying all over the place.
History's greatest subjugator finally gets the respect he deserves with a no-nonsense drama and an all-Asian cast, shot in the very lands he once ravaged.
Mongol is the first film of a proposed trilogy that charts his conquest of half the known world. If the sequels match this one, they can't come soon enough.
The result is a wallow in old movie pleasures, full of battles, flying dust, thousands of men on horseback, beautiful women, treachery, slaughter, really cool hats and even more slaughter.
Mongol offers an absorbing study of how powerful men with an abiding mutual respect, even love, go about the culturally dictated process of destroying each other.
The first part of what director Bodrov promises to be a trilogy tracing the life of the historic conqueror, Mongol is great cinema, great fun.
A grandly kitschy rendering of Genghis Khan's early years, the ones revealing how a boy became a ruthless yet humane warrior, devoted family man and all-around good fellow, Mongol might as well be called Braveheart in a Yurt.
The film, a foreign-language Oscar nominee, is epic in scope, in scale, in story, in everything. It has as much action as any brain-dead Hollywood blockbuster, but Mongol also has heart and intelligence.
If reading subtitles or trying to understand historical figures aren't among your lifelong ambitions, "Mongol" features some first-rate eye candy.
A thrilling and painstakingly researched story combined with the best costumes imaginable and superb performances makes this a biopic to see.
While the historical accuracy may be dodgy, Mongol is a sweeping and quasi-mythical epic that recalls Lawrence of Arabia.
Russian director Sergei Bodrov has made a magnificent epic which evokes some of the greats of the past, including Lawrence of Arabia.
You might wonder how Bodrov could fail to make every minute of Genghis Khan's extraordinary life near edge-of-the-seat involving, but there are some dull stretches before the pace picks up again.
'Vast landscapes, savage battles, sparring blood brothers and a poignant love story form the essence of Sergei Bodrov's spectacular epic, among whose achievements are its extraordinary sense of place and time.
Relates the story of Genghis Khan's early years in a plodding, uninspired fashion that doesn't bode well for the next two entries in a planned trilogy.
First-rate "revisionist" study of great conqueror reviled by the "civilized" West. By comparison, most world's leaders are the true barbarians, especially those in Washington, DC.
The audacity of filming the life of a warm & fuzzy Genghis Khan is matched by Sergei Bodrov's superior production and excellent cast, making Mongol's provocation worth the leap and bloody good entertainment, besides
I don't know the Mongolian word for panache, but Mongol's got plenty of it. The battle scenes are as notable for their clarity as their intensity; we can follow the strategies, get a sense of who's losing and who's winning.
Even if you can't completely follow the plot, you also can't take your eyes off the scenery, the thrilling horse chases and the throat-slashing battles.
This is a historical epic like Mom -- or David Lean -- used to make. It's got transgenerational blood feuds, galloping steeds, lucky talismans carried for years by separated lovers, and steppes -- lots and lots of steppes.
Bold, epic battle-happy movie that humanizes the world-conqueror and gives him plenty to be aggressive about.
Combining the intelligence of an action movie with the excitement of an art-house release makes Mongol as dry as summer in the Gobi Desert.
The founder of history's greatest contiguous empire gets an appropriately bravehearted movie, an exciting actioner from Russian director Sergei Bodrov.
Having Bodrov, who directed the excellent The Prisoner of the Mountains, in charge here is an advantage. Though there is only so much any director can do with characters who are next door to mythic, Bodrov can do more than most, and it helps.
I'd rather have seen the sequel.
Mongol, for all the intense action and warfare, is also a character study of a great leader and strategist.
As an epic action movie, Mongol is satisfying enough. Think Braveheart. Think 300. Just don't think too much.
Mongol is a throwback to a more respectable tradition. The largeness of its scope arises naturally from the material, not the budget. The movie earns its stature.
Russian filmmaker Sergei Bodrov contrasts images of sweeping landscape and propulsive battle with potent scenes of emotional intimacy in Mongol, his quite grand, quite exotic, David Lean-style epic.
If you like your epics sweeping and bloody and real, Mongol may be the best you get for a long while.
Lacking great themes and inner depth, Mongol is just another galloping wondershow of ice blue skies and rocky plains, a light diversion with delusions of grandeur
[It's] as good as most of this year's American would-be blockbusters, but it might've been far more interesting if the filmmakers had either left the Hollywood mold or embraced it with reckless abandon.
Mongol is a Far East Braveheart, charged with the same sense of pseudo-history, movie heroics and inspirational grandeur.
This revisionist history of the early life of Ghengis Khan leaves one baffled and unconvinced.
Surrender to its exotic oddity and guttural throat-singing and you'll be entertained by a sweeping saga that's like a Mongolian Braveheart.
A beautiful and ambitious film flawed by its dogged determination to cast Genghis Khan in a new light, the best that can be hoped is that Mongol provides a stage for better things in the forthcoming films.
If a hero is to deserve this much spectacle, he ought to be at least a little bit interesting.
Sergei Bodrov brings back the cinematic epic of old with his revisionist view of Genghis Khan...There is no John Wayne or CGI to be seen in this Foreign Language Film Oscar nominee.
Mongol presents a Khan with a spring in his step and love in his heart. And, OK, some wrath.
Transports us to the faraway past and an exotic place where a legendary warrior is forged into a fierce leader through suffering and hardship.
Mongol is a big, ponderous epic, its beautifully composed landscape shots punctuated by thundering hooves and bloody, slow-motion battle sequences.
For a motion picture about man who changed the world on his own terms, one would think his life story would be a riveting experience, not something that requires a pot of coffee and occasional magazine breaks to enjoy.
The picture's bravura style makes for an intriguingly exotic adventure only occasionally hobbled by the finicky mode of storytelling.
There's never enough detail to make these historical figures come to life in a compelling way.
With overwhelmingly beautiful cinematography on location, this is as good as any thriller and also a sweet love story...the best of film, one that entertains and educates.
A gracefully mounted, stunningly photographed historical account, fascinating in its attention to detail if somewhat unengaging in its story and characters.
With its breathtaking landscapes, bloody battles, bitter betrayals and an aching love story, Mongol is a sumptuously crafted epic
While his film's historical accuracy might sometimes be questionable, Bodrov has created a spectacular film filled with all-natural beauty from the realistic locations, one that brings forth the man within the fabled barbarian
For anyone even slightly interested in Mongolian history or in the life of the man who would conquer a fifth of the Earth's landmass, "Mongol" is a movie that demands repeated screenings.
shows a merging of the random vagaries of time with the divine machinery of myth, to create a truly rounded picture of the factors that can turn a flesh-and-blood individual into a living legend on the very crest of history.
Bodrov whips up enough wild, unruly energy and, in his depiction of sex as a Mongolian female's most vital commodity, sociological scraps to help overshadow the somewhat cheesy dubiousness of his myth-making project.
More impressed with its own olden days ready-to-rumble, flesh-ripping Far Eastern beatdowns, than fleshing out with any depth just who these characters were and how they struggled to exist back then. History as a scenic but dramatically sparse travelogue.
Adventure story, love story, history lesson: What's not to like?
Good battle scenes across a Montana-like plains, impressive acting in the title role by a Japanese performer speaking Mongolian.
Sometimes it works, sometimes it falls flat, a lot of the time it feels like it's four hours long.
The film earns our attention and respect the way fictional movies do: by crafting a well-told, entertaining story.
Arguably Bodrov's biggest, most accomplished film, Mongol is everything that Oliver Stone's Alexander was not: sumputuously mounted, beautifully acted, and illuminating in historical yet accessible terms the tumultuous life of the legendary warrior.
Japanese indie idol Asano smolders as maverick Temudgin [Khan].



@highlight

The sweeping Mongol mixes romance, family drama, and enough flesh-ripping battle scenes to make sense of Ghenghis Khan's legendary stature.