At least there's not a bag-head haunting the ship.
Blackburn takes one boat, one body, a rising tide of panic and a rising number of corpses and uses them all to craft the best bad news possible.
A nasty little thriller that might have worked had it tempered its propensity for outrageous brutality.
A first class thriller from start to finish, Donkey Punch has the lot: raunchy holiday fun, gorgeous locations, a luxury yacht, drug-driven sex orgy and a mishap
Very Bad Things meets Knife in the Water in ... [this] thriller about not-so-bright young things trying to cover up a nasty accident.
Packs a magnetic jolt of fearsome intensity.
Donkey Punch is almost humorless, and there's no wink and nudge behind the mayhem to absolve us of taking its ugly, class-obsessed subtext seriously.
...has been infused with an egregiously plodding sensibility that effectively renders its few positive attributes moot.
I look forward to Blackburn making a thriller with a script to match his style.
It's Dead Calm meets Very Bad Things, with English accents.
Unfortunately, Donkey Punch delivers a donkey punch of its own.
On the plus side, at least it wasn't called Dirty Sanchez.
Had director Blackburn included at least one interesting character that wasn't bird-brained and had he moved the mayhem much earlier within the plot, the film would have been at least refreshing to watch rather than mostly dull and derivative.
Anyone looking for a stoned and bikinied update of L'Avventura, Purple Noon, Dead Calm, or other boat-bound chillers will have to settle for The Real World: Death Yacht.
The ending is never much in doubt. Getting to it, however, involves a slightly better-than-usual assortment of cheap, harrowing thrills.
An exciting, high-tensioned, fast-paced tale of seven people faced with life-altering decisions when removed from civilization in the mold of "Lord of the Flies."
Violent, sex-filled thriller is rough, grisly stuff.
With its awful ending, the whole film ends up as embarrassing as telling someone what it is you've just watched.
If there's cautionary moral here it's that a girl should never introduce herself to a prospective lover as being "hardcore."
Watching, it's easy to feel a little stranded, too.
Fairly well-executed exploitation.
It's got enough formulaic flair to make it a guilty-pleasure cousin of seaborne nailbiters Knife in the Water and Dead Calm.
Had they invested more into the characters, Donkey Punch might have been worth noting.
Will anyone finally escape this floating slaughterhouse? Do you even care?
Loses its way and becomes as generic as any slasher movie.
nothing could be as good as the film's title
The claustrophobic open-water setting might have worked but for the uncomfortably explicit sex scene and flashy gore. In fact, this predictable film wouldn't be effective anywhere outside a DARE program.
Almost impossibly hard to watch, and that's exactly what it wants.
The film goes off the rails in the final third, sacrificing subtle character work at the altar of blood-and-guts survival horror. As mood-killers go, it's like a jab to the back of the neck.
What should've been a rowdy suspense piece that basks in the smirking idiocy of sexual myths and playground bedroom boasting is actually a toothless horror throwaway made on the cheap and elongated far beyond its expiration date.
Filled with extremes of both sex and violence ... also clever, well-acted and a good showcase for writer-director Olly Blackburn's filmmaking skills.
The movie becomes a Knife in the Water for the era of Ugly Briton, package tour imperialism.
Oliver Blackburn's British thriller Donkey Punch offers such a unique thrill: It indulges in juvenile scares by placing them in a larger canvas of sophisticated moods.
Lusty, lurid, and completely laughable. Here's hoping for a bright future on late-night cable.
Good little calling-card movie from a first-time feature director: a violent psychological study of seven randy young Brits on a borrowed yacht, an accidental death during rough sex, and the fallout that follows.
It has the best boat propeller killing since 'Dr. Butcher M.D.' ... All in all, a good trashy thriller.
So aware of genre conventions, manipulations, and symbolism that it functions more like an intellectualized primer than an actual terrifying experience.
Blackburn and his ensemble of reasonably good actors earn a slightly soggy cigar. But critical acclaim? Not so much.
There's nothing new under the Spanish sun but enough nudity, gore, drugs and rock and roll to please fans of the genre.
If you have the stomach for Donkey Punch, you've seen it before in some form or another.
A repulsive "thriller" that starts out using the syntax of a '70s porn movie and ends up as a sort of '80s slasher flick, only without the slasher.
By Doug Cooper - Donkey is good enough to stand on its own two feet without the aid of the muckracking which the film-makers have not discouraged.
As paper-thin friendships tear apart and allegiances ebb and flow, the body count climbs in a spirited and inventive fashion.
A much smarter film was possible.
Half lurid and half just murky.
Blackburn has assembled a solid cast that pivots from folly into fear with a frightful believability.
Keeps the tensions percolating, and you gorehounds will find a few nasty moments worth seeing.
The unique use of character dynamics combined with Blackburn's keen visual sense makes it a thinking person's horror flick that surpasses its genre by introducing a viable new cinematic voice and vision.



@highlight

Donkey Punch begins as a promising thriller, but loses credibility while adhering too closely to genre conventions.