Davi, who has the kind of handsomely weathered face that has spent a lot of time gazing into the sun, clearly poured his heart into this movie, and it shows.
A meager, low-key dramedy.
As light as a feather and about as memorable, The Dukes is a pet project all the way, just a lark for Davi and his buddies to star in and screen for one another like a home movie.
A lot of love was clearly poured into this project; too bad the results were only so-so.
The sweetness grows cloying by the end, but perhaps that's fitting for a film that's so clearly a labor of love.
The Dukes may be hard to find on the big screen, but it's worth keeping an eye out for once it reaches DVD.
Between the performances and the nice visual style, the whole feels greater than the sum of its plot points.
Here's the little movie that could, a potent directing debut for actor Robert Davi.
The old-fashioned story is aided by surprisingly smooth direction, as well as likable performances from Davi himself, Chazz Palmintieri, and a perfectly cast Peter Bogdanovich.
Although it would be great to see Chazz Palminteri break out of the usual tough guy roles and Robert Davi break through into a successful career of writing and directing, this is not the film that does either. Decent viewing for the family but neither th
Jokes about a matron at an Italian restaurant and a guy with a thing for fat chicks only take you so far.
[It's] about the kinds of showbiz hangers-on seen in the background of a Scorsese movie, and it feels like those guys decided they were the real stars.
Essentially a vanity project, a budget Ocean's 11 for Davi and his pals to sing some doo-wop tunes and ham it up.
The Dukes tastes like pasta sauce that has sat on the shelf long after the expiration date on the can.
The Dukes could use more music and less sap, but it's refreshing to see a film about the problems of working-class men on the far side of middle age, struggling just to get by.
A heist comedy with showbiz savvy oozing from its pores.
Retro comedy about doo-wop singers hoping for one last score has great harmony, but lacks a catchy beat.
Unforced camaraderie and some effective slapstick save this low-aspiration vehicle from its budgetary shortcomings.
It's an enjoyable way to pass 90 minutes. But to call it an important movie with big ideas is like saying Miley Cyrus sings like Ella Fitzgerald.
How, though, to resent a work of such deliberate inconsequence?
Crafted with considerably more heart than skill.
The Dukes sings in a low-key harmony that's hard to resist.
With Davi and Chazz Palminteri fronting a first-rate ensemble cast, and a tasty soundtrack of golden oldies, this unpretentious indie dramedy has much to recommend.

@highlight

Despite the charming principal performances, The Dukes remains little more than an unambitious pet project.