One of the most neutrally adequate blockbusters of the modern age.
This is a good example of Hollywood commercial calculation that actually pays off with a few entertainment dividends. It all seems very cold and calculated, and yet the film still turns out to be decently entertaining.
A flat affair, and one I won't have a hard time forgetting.
...lightweight and inoffensive...
. Its narrative is just pitched toward adolescent fantasy and silly, frequently obvious shenanigans to a hearty degree, and with no sort of consistent inner logic the movie tilts toward fleeting entertainment, with no inherent replay value or strongly fel
Not everything on display is sufficiently alive in this museum-set comedy adventure.
it's one of those high concept childhood fantasy films that will stay in your heart long after watching it
What promises to be a fun Spielbergian romp for the whole family is a bit on the bland and mediocre side.
The idea is ingenious. The execution? Not so much.
It's a better than average CGI-fest, more often silly than funny. But it makes some good points about courage, self-respect, and the importance of learning about history.
Good idea. Bad execution.
With this cast, there should be more laughs, and that blame falls partially on the script, but equally on how awfully Levy paces the film.
Dark night of the soul is more like it.
This pastiche comedy is a piecemeal procedure in Hollywood excess.
Just like 'Sack-a ja-we-a', let us guide you to a little treasure at the museum.
You know what? There are few better antidotes to intense Oscar-wanna-be releases and treacly holiday throwaways than a fun, high-concept starring 3-4 generations of comedians. Yeah, I said it.
Overall this was a good show for the kids and family.
'Night at the Museum' has a setup that's so juicy, it's easy to forgive the film when it falls short of its potential.
A idéia central é suficientemente interessante para prender nosso interesse durante a maior parte do tempo, transformando o projeto em uma diversão inofensiva, ainda que burocrática.
Individual set pieces work nicely, but the story bogs down and certain subplots are dropped almost entirely. ... NIGHT AT THE MUSEUM had the potential to be so much more and in the hand of a real visionary, it could have been something. As it is, it's a p
about as distracting and inoffensive as Jumanji before it, and heck, it might even teach kids that history can be fun!
Largely mirthless comedy, a variation on those old stories of kids' toys coming to life at night or when the nursery is deserted.
Stiller correctly plays straight man to the army of CGI beasties, but also to some of the world's best comics.
An inquisitive mind's thirst for understanding runs counter to your enjoyment, when a film's heart is usually in the right place but its brain is on permanent vacation.
It's repetitive and strangely invested in its silly explanation of how the animated creatures phenomenon comes about (something about an Egyptian pharaoh's tablet).
...all the warmth of an Ice Age fossil.
What a dull, nice movie, wrenched from a wild premise and battered into docility.
A film that veers, often without much direction, between a family-friendly comic romp and an attempt to touch our souls with heartfelt emotion.
As mindless spectacle, this is reasonably entertaining.
The central situation in Night at the Museum is never thought-out into a full premise.
The waste of talent -- especially of two comic veterans -- is occasionally sad to watch.
Night at the Museum is more amusement park ride than a walk through the halls of history, but sometimes a slap fight with a monkey is preferable to a lesson on Sacajawea.
This isn't an extremely terrible movie, it really wants to be an original film and in a way the idea behind it actually is BUT it is just too bad the execution is so by-the-numbers and emotionally empty.
For all the money it must've taken to get the effects and the cast, make sure you let your funny people be funny.
Stiller's continued efforts to court the broadest possible audience has taken the edge off his comedy.
... an aimless and riotous mess.
Sure, Night At The Museum isn't about to win any awards for originality, but this is a flick that exhibits a fine sense of fun.
Levy, for his part, keeps the pace brisk and the storytelling simple.
Though not quite as funny, clever or exciting as it thinks it is, this remains a watchable adventure comedy with good comic performances and the occasional moment of inspiration.
... Night at the Museum is a family film aimed at first-graders, not teenagers.
Showcasing a glittering array of comedy talent from Ben Stiller to Ricky Gervais, Night At The Museum is a rare family treat.
... an over-produced, overly frenetic, obviously derivative family adventure ...
Night is definitely hampered by the fact that it has no viewpoint on history. Some satirical ideas would have elevated it onto a higher comic plane.
There isn't much to this concoction aside from special effects gone amuck.
This energetically charmless 'family' fantasy lies there dead on screen, occasionally twitching at a funny line.
The computer-generated action in the museum is predictably flawless but cleverly executed to make events far wittier and more exciting than they have any right to be.
...a winning family trifle.
What's more fun than "A Night at the Museum?" Well, in this case, sitting on the steps of any real museum.
It quickly becomes apparent that the film is pretty much a high concept in search of a plot.
Night at the Museum is the story of an ordinary guy given the opportunity to be extraordinary, but the movie itself is just an ordinary Ben Stiller vehicle.
Jumanji Lite
A movie both kids and adults can enjoy. And you thought those went the way of the woolly mammoth.
...very disappointing, unless you happen to be ten years old.
This is basically a movie for youngsters, who will enjoy watching a T-rex skeleton scampering around the museum like a big puppy.
The comedy in 'Night at the Museum' fails to liven up until the last reel.
It's just so dopey.
Ben Stiller may just be his generation's Woody Allen.
If nothing else, this should command the attention of kids who have grown tired of having their pictures taken with Santa.
Silly, shamelessly derivative slapstick - but at least it's family-friendly hyperactivity.
Ben Stiller and gang still manage to give the delightfully entertaining Night at the Museum a little edge.
Bound to become THE family entertainment choice for the holiday season. It's a blockbuster. Deal with it.
Rarely has so much production value yielded so little in terms of audience engagement.
Ploddingly directed by Shawn Levy (the man behind 2006's terrible Pink Panther remake), it's so devoid of enchantment that one can't help but coldly notice the implausibilities.
Fun for the whole family? Probably not, but certainly for those members who are only permitted to hang out when the lawyers say it's okay.
A film suffering from an acute case of Jumanjiitis...the one exhibit that would be most appropriate for this Museum would be a white elephant.
The movie, despite some lavish special effects, feels perfunctory and generic. Kids may well enjoy it (the 7-year-old with me giggled all the way through); adults may squirm.
Like the institution it portrays, Night at the Museum comes alive after dark. It's a perfect movie to take the kids to. Who knows, it might even inspire them to want to visit an actual museum.
Stiller generates humor, as does Robin Williams, well-cast as Roosevelt. But it's not enough.
It might be fair to give Ben Stiller an 'A' for effort, but to call what he does in this movie "acting" is a misnomer. He does a lot of running around, occasionally falling down or bumping into things.
This is one film in which the CGI and other effects blend seamlessly into the production, and special kudos should go to production designer Claude Paré, whose job it was to create this fanciful rendition of the Museum of Natural History.
For parents comfortable with drop-off, A Night at the Museum could serve as A Night Away From Your Kids.
Kids, supposedly too bored to go to such museums anymore (one of the film's messages, along with 'learn your history') should find this a Night to remember.
It's hard to argue with the movie's knowledge-as-power message: To outwit the living artifacts, Stiller has to bone up on history.
The special effects are far more inspired than the comedy in Night at the Museum, which strands several generations of performers in a highly derivative script and hackneyed direction.
Really young kids may like the noise and chaos of the movie, but the real museum on Central Park West has its own 'A Night at the Museum' program that sounds a lot better.
Does what it's suppposed to do. Take the kids, but don't go by yourself.
Night at the Museum, based on a kids' book by Milan Trenc, is so wonderfully energetic it doesn't leave much time for questions.
All the exhibits come to life after dark. That's about it. Aimed at kids.
Night at the Museum will at least give you a chance to see Andy Hardy beat the snot out of Zoolander. That alone should be worth the price of admission.
Night at the Museum's sense of wonder, cynical and calculated though it may be, does give it some-dare we say?-social value.
Night at the Museum is not just a wild runaround of computer-generated creatures. Well, OK, that's mostly what it is. Still, there is something of a plot.
The special effects rule, yet they don't overpower simple, character-driven slapstick.
Though far less ambitious than Jurassic Park, Night at the Museum is also far less terrifying than Jumanji. It is happy where it is, and the audience I saw it with seemed to appreciate that.
Levy doesn't help. His directorial style appears to be from the Jackson Pollack school, the filmmaker apparently throwing everything he can think of up onto the screen and then hoping that some of it sticks.
The museum's design is wonderfully realistic, which makes the adequate effects and shabby cinematography disappointing.
Night at the Museum, in fact, is stuffed with smart performers doing graciously silly work, and all [director Shawn] Levy has to do is manage traffic.
The very best thing about this fantasy aimed squarely at kids is that it reminds us all of how really great Dick Van Dyke is and how much we've missed seeing him in something other than a rerun.
A two-hour romp through goofy humor, history-buff in-jokes, kooky physical comedy, and high-speed chase scenes. They just don't make 'em like this anymore.
Rarely entertaining, the movie is at least instructive. The statute of limitations on loud, dumb movies with Robin Williams and computer-generated animals is 11 years. It bypasses brand-name coattails right to the level of a straight-to-DVD sequel.
The liveliest museum piece here is 86-year-old Mickey Rooney, who doesn't look a day older than the film's resurrected mummy but is a lot more entertaining.
A fun-filled, action-packed, uplifting film, entertaining for the entire family.
...a funny, diverting holiday offering that will be quickly on its way to video in the New Year.
Under Shawn Levy's watch, Museum is an erratic time-waster that lives up to the filmmaker's streak of movies that drown in their own lethargy and fear of individuality.
I want to see a prehistoric man shoot Ben Stiller in the face with a fire extinguisher. Why the hell not?
Night at the Museum isn't an utter disaster but it is a dreary special effects-laden fantasy adventure with zero thrills and only intermittent heart.
Your kid probably is dying to see it, but show your young one you love him or her by purchasing tickets to Charlotte's Web instead.
a silly parade of slapstick antics aimed at audience members age eight and under
...another one of those family films that believes keeping kids in a constant state of agitation is the same thing as keeping them entertained.
If only family comedies would evolve and not assume that a good concept, convincing special effects and a strong cast automatically add up to fun.
Night at the Museum adheres to the current Hollywood philosophy that coherence doesnt matter if enough stuff is thrown onto the screen.
All attempts at non-effects storytelling fall completely flat.
It's definitely a cute, workable premise, but as mishandled by director Shawn Levy, the inspiration that was required to make Museum fly is seldom on exhibit in this interminably monotonous production.
Stiller is clearly comfortable playing this kind of put-upon character, and his performance here is less forced than some of his recent work.
The special effects are a blast. The T-Rex skeleton looks authentic as it clatters down the hallway after a terrified Larry. But even better is the remarkable, star-studded ensemble.
Cavemen and dinosaurs, cowboys and Roman soldiers, lions and zebras, all running amok, sounds like more fun than it is.
It won't change cinematic history, but Night at the Museum is a frothily fun film for the holidays.
It's a fun ride, and the big payoff -- that history turns out to be way cooler than its reputation suggests -- is even more gratifying.
The script by "Reno 911!" creators Ben Garant and Thomas Lennon gives hyperkinetic life to both a fantastic set and comedy legends Dick Van Dyke and Mickey Rooney.
It's never too late to enjoy a little holiday fantasy, such as spending a Night at the Museum.
Out to impress and delight a family audience with the pageantry of human and natural history, and that's a surprisingly worthy ambition for a Hollywood comedy.
Entertaining enough that kids might not even mind the history lessons along the way.
The oft-humiliated Stiller is in familiar territory (a monkey named Dexter does the humiliating here), but Museum has a sweetness most of his movies don't.
in it's own dependable, amiable -- and yes, predictable -- way, this Ben Stiller comedy gets the basic job done.
A pea-brained fantasy-comedy with a riot of kid-pleasing special effects.
Night at the Museum is a high-concept comedy that skimps on things such as plot and character development but holds nothing back when it comes to high-energy silliness. In other words, it's vintage Ben Stiller in his wacky mode.
The writers are content to let the magical beings simply run around and crash into things. I got a Jumanji headache about 30 minutes in.
Computer-generated things that go bump in the night can't cover for a thin story and less-than-inspired performances from Stiller and Williams.
From more talented hands, this could have been an all-time classic, but instead we end up with a major disappointment.
Night at the Museum fails to hit a completely comfortable stride.
After a slow start, this feel-good family film is a nice postcard from the Big Apple that may benefit New York and the Museum of Natural History as much as it does 20th Century Fox.
If you've ever wanted to see a prehistoric man hurl fire-extinguisher foam in Stiller's face, this could be your only chance.
[A] lack of appreciation for what the museum truly means to so many people is part of why Night at the Museum ultimately disappoints.... There are moments of sheer geeky fun, if not enough of them.
Formula family filmmaking aside ... varies the humor enough to keep everyone from small children to grandparents at least mildly entertained.
has enough flash to satisfy audiences simply looking for a bit of holiday escapist fun.
The first half-hour's too slow; the last half-hour's too manic, as if to compensate. But at least it entertains.
It looks great, but without sharp characters it's both lifeless and pointless. And strangely unfunny.
It would be at home on the same marquee as Gremlins, Who Framed Roger Rabbit and Bill & Ted's Excellent Adventure.
A clever and innovative concept inspired from an illustrated children's book that integrates historic figures and creatures, Night at the Museum could have been a riot, but is reduced to little more than a good idea.






@highlight

Parents might call this either a spectacle-filled adventure or a shallow and vapid CG-fest, depending on whether they choose to embrace this on the same level as their kids.