The performances of Sidibe and Mo'Nique are extraordinary and spellbinding.
... Precious is a true story of survival and hope and not to be missed.
If you are going to bring a victim of this magnitude to the screen, give her history the treatment it deserves, ie good direction or at the very least some proper editing to serve as an emotional sat-nav.
It's amazing how the film turns out to be infinitely moving in spite of Mr. Daniels's stylistic self-destruct.
Its flaws are more so of the executional than the conceptual kind, the whole more than the sum of its parts.
The bottom line is that you've never seen anything quite like this -- in its highs, its lows, its gaffes, its embarrassments or its uplift.
The remarkable Sidibe is one of several daring casting choices by director Lee Daniels.
It is a classical tragedy in the Greek sense, and runs its characters (and viewers) through a wringer of pity and terror on the way to its devastating catharsis.
It's a deeply heart-busting story about finding self-realization.
Sidibe's Susan Boyle moment of misdirected public pity notwithstanding, hers is a rare and welcome presence in American independent film.
The story's world is stacked against Precious, and the movie's marketing engine is stacked against Sidibe, but in some ways those structures explain why we're hearing about this young woman in the first place.
While Mo'Nique's performance is the barnburner, it is Sidibe and her classmates who resonate, who inhabit a world outside of themselves and their wretched fiefdoms.
While Precious certainly looks the part of the powerful award-worthy drama, it does very little to convince the audience that it actually is.
It's probably one of the most important films of the year.
A powerful, deeply moving film that drives an arrow straight through your heart.
Gabourey Sidibe plays the title character and if she wasn't an actor before this, she sure is now.
Mo'Nique isn't just a box-office draw here, she is a snarling, disaffected she-demon...
Precious is an emotional powerhouse, a triumph of bruising humor and bracing hope that deserves its place among the year's best films.
Precious ... [achieves] moments of haunting, devastating power, yet too often [lapses] into laughably ridiculous melodrama ... Precious is no easy ride. As far as harrowing films go, it makes The Road seem like The Wiz.
This isn't The Biggest Loser, where self-esteem is measures in kilos, but this is in fact a film about a teacher nurturing a young woman's mind and soul, carrying the torch of films like To Sir With Love, Stand and Deliver, and Dangerous Minds.
Sidibe fearlessly embodies a member of society that deserves recognition. Illiteracy, obesity and abuse are tragic and uncomfortable realities that Precious goes a long way to demystify.
Propelled forward by tremendous performances, Precious is a pedestrian exploration of social themes and mental, physical and sexual abuse.
Most notable for the performances of newcomer and Oscar nominee Gabourey Sidibe and Mo'Nique,as her abusive mother. Set in 1980s Harlem, the film would be just another inspirational tearjerker were it not for the dedication of the performers and the visua
The fetid insanity of it all seems appropriate given the circumstances.
It's a simple story, told well with some blinding performances.
Un drama duro, conmovedor, que rescata la importancia de la solidaridad y la asistencia social ante la desesperanza. Hay un increíble duelo actoral entre Mo'Nique y Gabourey Sidibe, dos de las mayores revelaciones actorales del año.
Precious is a triumph of the soul, a triumph of a film and a heart-warming story that will touch all but the toughest cynics.
What makes Precious bearable are the moments of warmth, hope and humour that are delivered mainly during the scenes with Precious's teacher and classmates.
While it may not be perfect on a technical level, dramatically it's a blow-your-socks-off triumph. Be moved. Very, very moved.
A film full of life and love, well-meaning and, judging by the reaction in the US, a genuine and important phenomenon that says act - don't dwell - on your dreams.
Impressive performances power a surprisingly lively account of an existence blighted by material and spiritual poverty.
Precious is a big-screen "misery memoir" that is so keen to trace the hellish pathology of familial abuse that it risks glorifying its own subject, or at least shooting it with horror-movie verve.
It isn't the transcendent masterpiece that some admirers would have you believe: more like a black-comic nightmare that isn't exactly supposed to be funny. It's certainly arresting, though.
It's enough to make you cry. Equally, it might make you laugh. Daniels is a director who would find it hard to imagine puddings can be over-egged, or that Monty Python's 'We're So Poor' sketch was meant to be funny.
Employing a suitably chiaroscuro film language to balance the emotional extremes of the subject matter, his vision is a lively composite of urban nightmare and garish escapism.
Stylishly told and earnestly acted, Precious is a far from pleasant cinemagoing experience but a worthwhile one.
As a slice-of-life drama free of melodrama, sentimentality and cliché, Precious is priceless.
A moving mix of melodrama and social tract graced by courage, heart, soul and a lumbering but resilient heroine.
Stylistically the film is a confusing, garish mishmash of gritty urban realism and hyper-stylised fantasy sequences. However, these glimpses behind Precious's otherwise impassive facade are effective.
There is a thin line between compassion and voyeurism; soul-searing drama and overwrought melodrama; opera and Oprah. This film tramples all over it.
Somehow all the trauma never overwhelms the characters who feel real, particularly Precious herself whose silence conveys more inner sadness than a million words.
Broad strokes in storytelling are balanced by subtle performances from the talented cast.
What is surprising about the film is the harshness with which her adverse conditions are depicted, and the tentativeness of her recovery.
So staggering, in fact, are the offences to decency, loyalty and love that you begin to worry that the film will topple over from the weight of its woes.
Precious is part pamphlet, part dramatised talk-show therapy - and to be fair, it's honest about its intentions. But as cinema, it's just really bad, strident pulp.
A film that you will not easily forget. It is a cry from the heart told with an emotional charge that takes your breath away.
Passionately told with bucketloads of compassion, this is a film that'll have you moaning 'no, no, no!'
If the director sometimes takes a sledgehammer to crack a nut, then all will be forgiven as you watch the story of Precious unfold.
A superbly directed, powerfully emotional drama with a sharply written script and terrific performances.
The most intense, intimate and inspirational film since Slumdog Millionaire.
It's not a movie you'll enjoy, but one where you'll definitely "appreciate the experience". It's an honest, raw, worthy movie and probably my favourite of the year.
Though he frequently makes use of the kind of gritty aesthetic usually associated with social realism, he's not afraid of throwing more polished visual flourishes, fantasy sequences and moments of comedy into the mix.
Precious is many things, except an easy watch, with levels of human cruelty as far beyond the average romcom as you can get.
Sidibe deserves an Oscar nomination for her compelling performance, while even more impressive is Mo'Nique's fearless embodiment of Mary.
It's refreshing to see a director tackle such a pertinent topic and among its popular counterparts Precious stands out for its refusal to shy away from showing the darker side of life.
An incredibly powerful film whose two central performances more than make up for director Lee Daniel's relentlessly gimmicky visual approach.
I felt ill at ease every time Precious arrived home and I can only imagine how those unfortunate souls really living this life must feel. It's heartbreaking stuff.
Such an overtly dramatic movie always runs the risk of being overrated and Precious isn't the life-changing outing it has been declared to be. But it's also very difficult to shake off.
Gabourey Sidibe and Mo'Nique are utterly compelling, and hopefully their performances will be recognised come Oscar time.
Self-conscious, uneven and confusing at times -- but Sidibe's fine performance has to be seen, regardless. She is, quite simply, astonishing.
Daniels employs a throw everything at the wall to see what sticks directorial style that makes Precious compelling viewing, but predictably, his shotgun approach lacks focus.
Arriving in the wake of the awfully mawkish Invictus and the overbearingly bleak The Road, Precious succeeds because it strikes a balance between the two emotional extremes.
The extraordinary performances lift the film out of the dungeons of depression
The subject matter is confronting and shocking but the film has a heart that is literally as precious as you can get
Director Lee Daniels has been blessed with camera-ready material, a talented cast and first-class crew.
... why would you intentionally take a subject this difficult to show and make it into a film this difficult to watch?
To say 'Precious' is exploitative because it's bleak is to argue that Jonathan Kozol shouldn't have written 'Savage Inequalities' because it shows urban schools in a bad light.
Director Lee Daniels shows you a world scarier than any imagined for some horror film because it is real -- just outside our doors or around the corner
Lee Daniels' Precious is a special movie with that rare, stand up and take notice, shout it from the hilltops sort of specialness.
Watching "Precious," you have to wonder--does it offer this year's inconvenient truth?
One of the ten best films of 2009
A powerful, imaginative film about the rise of a young woman from the depths of despair to the heights of self fulfillment.
[Precious] is a unique character, not self-pitying and sad, but rather stubborn and forward-looking in angry, almost narrow fortitude ... [it's] easy to get behind her.
Beautifully and effectively crafted in every single way, the film looks unflinchingly into desperate lives and finds hope amidst the despair. This is truly a masterpiece of slice-of-life storytelling.
A phoenix rises from the ashes in Precious.
The most hateful presentation of a Black character (the mother) that I have seen in a movie since "Gone with the Wind".
Sidibe, in her screen debut, is silently shattering.
Piles on the abuses to keep things real-life real instead of Hollywood-like real.
Sophomore director Lee Daniels doesn't shy away from moments where our protagonists falter or our antagonists show a good side. Sidibe and Mo'Nique are simply amazing.
Hopeful, heartbreaking and thought-provoking, 'Precious: Based on the Novel Push by Sapphire' is one of the best movies of the year.
Not quite the masterpiece it's been painted as. It is, however, a very good work and an amazingly brave one.
Its blood sweat and tears are rushing in to seal up every crack or arguable stumble in the rough telling.
A glimmer of hope -- along with a raft of remarkably believable performances and moments of well-timed, tension-relieving humor -- transforms Precious into an enormously affecting film.
Sledgehammer hogwash of the shrillest kind
A Precious gem of a movie - fragile and strong at the same time.
Powerfully conveys parental evil without overstating the message. At the end, the victim's eyes are dry. Ours are the ones that are wet.
All too often we rely on movies solely for entertainment, but "Precious" is one of those exceptions where you can really learn something about yourself and life in general.
...an exercise in despair.
I abandoned the book early on. It was unreadable and written in ebonics. With every page my IQ dropped 10 points. The film, however, is astonishing and simply brilliant.
The Color Purple without Spielberg's saccharin sensibility
And here I thought 2012 was unrelenting and A Serious Man was about the trials of Job. Huh.
Screenwriter Geoffrey Fletcher and director Lee Daniels manage to pile on the misfortunes without making 'Precious' maudlin or dour.
As uncompromising and genuine as movies that receive mainstream distribution get.
It's a sob story. Precious consumes you completely. Her narration is simple, sometimes broken, and gives you a glimpse of an absolutely awful life. It's a tough sell, but a good movie.
Trying to wrap your head around the mindset of a mother who sees her abused child as a rival is much more horrifying and graphic than a dozen bloodletting horror films.
as powerful and moving as Precious is, there are some problems with it that are difficult to ignore and, more importantly, offer compelling insight into the divided views of how race should be portrayed
This raw and honest drama tells a story that cuts to the core of some extremely serious issues
For a movie steeped in grimy realism, it unfolds in an unusually impressionistic fashion, with artful cinematic transitions and a loose brand of storytelling that emphasizes little moments as much as it does big revelations.
The acting talent on display in this movie is staggering but the bleak tone and Daniels' erratic directing make it less than the movie it should have been
Nothing in Mo'Nique's previous film and television work could have prepared us for this performance. The actress (real name, Monique Imes) usually plays goofy, clownish types, and this is definitely not that at all.
Avoiding the conventional tricks of lifting an audience up, the movie looks into this girl's wide, brown face and her bleak little life and sees, despite everything, a reason to live.
Precious is the first film of 2009 that cannot be missed.
'Precious' is an important film, a social document, driven by its gritty style.
Features a fiercely intelligent performance by newcomer Sidibe and a compassionate eye for the circumstances surrounding the protagonist's upbringing.
Precious is very, very good and is superbly acted by its entire ensemble cast. It reeks of truth, hitting an emotional peak few other features this year have achieved let alone attempted.
A vitally honest and emotionally compelling film that hits you in the gut.
The 2009 release least likely to be mistaken for the 'feel-good movie of the year.'
Most tragedies provide a final act of catharsis. All Precious has to offer is more and more malice.
The acting is stupendous and rises above the material. An almost unrecognizable Mariah Carey appears in a supporting role as a welfare counselor.
After the first fantasy pop-up scene, each one that followed pulled me away from the emotional impact of the film.
A shriller, more mannered actress may have tilted this into camp. Sidibe doesnt allow that to happen.
Sapphire's story and the film's performances are powerful enough to compensate for Daniels' miscalculations and phony tricks.
It has been interesting to watch the reactions to Precious, based on whether one sees the film as emotional, political or sociological. Above all, it's a good story, well told.
If you do watch -- and you certainly should -- you will see one of the most remarkable performances ever set to film, given by Gabourey "Gabby" Sidibe.
It melodramatizes everything and yet its overall effect is something more than melodrama.
Mo'Nique plunges headfirst into a moral abyss that makes her frightening.
The movie soars on the cast's brilliance at transforming the characters from monsters and victims into repositories of pride and battlers for turf.
Both the character and the movie overcome their handicaps to become the kind of success stories that the American mythmaking machinery loves to love.
Sidibe's on-screen transformation is utterly believable and almost magical ... It's like watching a tiny flower grow in the merest crack on a dead-end highway: It could get crushed any minute.
Recommending "Precious" proves challenging, regardless of the film's quality. ... But to skip it would mean missing some fantastic performances.
Gabourey Sidibe brilliantly embodies the understandably bitter Precious, who shares her heartbreaking despair through extensive narration.
The picture painted by director Lee Daniels is almost unbearably bleak, but it feels completely honest. It's indeed relentless, but also transfixing and ultimately transformative.
The likes of Dante Aligheri, Hieronymus Bosch, Goya and James Joyce have tried to represent Hell in their works, but I'm not sure that any has conveyed the reality of damnation more fully than this brave little film.
Despite the film's clear social conscience and sympathy for the community it portrays, Precious never panders for compassion.
A gut-wrenching, heartbreaking and awe-inspiring pull-no-punches tale with pitch-perfect performances...
It's a small miracle that a story as filled with tragedy and heartbreak as Precious... would also be as hopeful and life-affirming as it is.
No, Precious is not an easy sit, and isn't meant to be. But it's a film of remarkable strength and poignancy, filled with vivid performances that stay with you long after you've left the theater.
Precious: Based on the Novel Push by Sapphire is concerned with lasting effects of poverty -- on individuals and especially, on communities.
You can feel Daniels struggling to trust his mighty goddesses to carry the film. (He wedges in shots of boiling pigs feet to make sure we're queasy.)
Precious stacks the deck so high against its protagonist that in almost any other movie, she would come off as a helpless victim.
It's a shame that Daniels is so unconvincing in his execution, because the performances mostly go for broke and there does seem to be a nugget of courage to Fletcher's screenplay.
The film comes close to collapsing into exploitation or self-parody. Thank Sidibe's extraordinary performance that it doesn't.
...is well acted and Lee Daniels has directed it with some wit and experimental flair, but the actual story...is a horror movie turned fairy tale, "Cinderella" on steroids
Director Lee Daniels takes us on a journey -- letting us look down our noses at this misshapen lump of a girl with contempt and pity. But Sidibe plays shadings of strength underneath that eventually win our grudging respect.
[H]arrowing, painful, heartbreaking, explicit... but nothing that we see here is unbelievable, unless one wants to deny the hell that some women go through...
What a triumph of a film.
The real star of this show is director Lee Daniels. He's the one who conjures the film's eerie mix of kitchen-sink realism and gothic symbolism, its deft back-and-forth between the horrific and the sublime.
[I]f Precious has a crucial flaw, it is that it is at once too bleak and too hopeful in its closing scenes: too bleak in the history it unearths, and too hopeful that the mere fact of the unearthing will make that history go away.
Every once in a while, a movie is so heartbreaking even a tough guy like Chuck Norris or Simon Cowell will break out into tears.
Harrowing and sometimes hard to watch, Precious is a tale of unrelenting misery that suggests just enough of a silver lining to keep audiences from spiraling into total depression.
Surely qualifies as the most painful, poetic and improbably beautiful film of the year.
Mo'Nique's Oscar worthy performance had the same scene stealing effect and relentless evil aura as Heath Ledger's Joker.
Precious is one of the most harrowing films you will ever see, with one of the most monstrous villains in movie history. Yet it earns both a levity and a hope that somehow never feels out of place, an almost impossible balancing act to pull off.
Parental Content Review
It's an effective little movie, with many powerful gut-punch moments and strong performances.
While this is a hard movie to watch, it is a movie worth watching.
Even when director Lee Daniels overplays his hand the worst, the film is always wholly worthy of discussion.
A grim, uncompromising--and revelatory--film. It's an incredibly difficult picture to watch. But its toughness brings equally incredible rewards.
In a monologue, Mary opens herself up in a moment so raw, so naked, so vulnerable that it takes the entire film to a different level.
Harrowing and marked by heroic performances, Lee Daniels' Precious looks squarely in the wounded eyes of its title character and sees a girl with poetry in her.
It's hard to be unmoved by Precious' determination. Despite its melodramatic moments, remarkable performances drive home the film's inspiring message.
With so many performers contributing so much solid work, it may be time to acknowledge that Daniels knows what he's doing. The guy can handle actors.
Stark, unforgiving, brutally honest, and yet... precious.
Precious is an exhausting but worthwhile ride, a movie that shines a light on the dark side of humanity and the opportunity to rise above it.
In the same way as with the Elephant Man or an Angkor Wat idol, we're fascinated with Precious' face. It's inert and monolithic, almost unknowable.
An intensely moving underdog story that hits all its melodramatic marks and shoots over those, too.
Mo'Nique's performance is chilling and will certainly be remembered come the Oscars.
Credit director Lee Daniels with a masterful job of not letting things spill over into sentimentality, but keeping it real.
An inspirational, emotionally devastating drama that occasionally veers toward contrived melodrama , but remains captivating thanks to the raw, heartfelt performances by Mo'Nique and Gabourey 'Gabby" Sidibe.
Street-smart and shocking, it's memorable primaily for the brazen, devastating performances.
"Precious" is one of those rare movies that comes winging in from nowhere and knocks you out.
It's ironic that the most unwieldy title in recent memory is attached to a film whose considerable virtues and overwhelming power are so simple and direct.
One that you hope will not be dismissed as too difficult, because it should not be missed.
The girl's story is almost unbearably painful, and when Precious finally reclaims her dignity and self-worth, her accomplishment seems genuinely heroic.
The "feel-bad, feel-good" movie of the year, a well-made film that is so dark that it can be hard to watch but that is designed to illustrate the fact that the human power to overcome adversity is stronger than the instinct to shrivel and die.
This remarkable, first-time actress makes Clareece truly precious, a full-fledged member of the human tribe.
Believe the hype.
Precious,' is a gritty and disturbing drama, but becomes more and more an uplifting, educational and powerful tale that folks will discuss once the impact sets in.
A hybrid, a mash-up that might have been ungainly, but that manages to be graceful instead.
Hopefully films like this grow our understanding and compassion as we're encouraged to offer Christ-like hope in our broken world, and emulate a resiliency that is Precious.
Daniels is not a subtle director, and he encourages Mo'Nique's powerful expansiveness. But it's much harder to act quietly than loudly, as Sidibe must do, and her still grace should not be mistaken for blankness.
So honestly written, so vividly directed, and so brilliantly performed we are transported to a psychological nightmare of despair, insecurity, only the slightest glimmer of hope, and the smallest, most bittersweet rewards.
Powerful, painful account of Harlem teen's hard-luck life.
So overdone that at a certain point,it begins to resemble one of those demented and depraved melodramatic satires that John Waters used to specialize in back in the days before "Hairspray" made him respectable.
Precious is a rarefied beauty, an innately human story that offers inspiration without sap, fleeting hope without contrivance, ultimate redemption with sincerity. One of the year's best and boldest.
This is an exceptional film about nearly unendurable circumstances, endured. You will come out the other side of it a markedly enriched filmgoer.
This is a fine movie, and a deep one. It's about unearthing buried treasure.
In offering up their heroine's misery for the audience's delectation, they've created something uncomfortably close to poverty porn.
Moment by moment, Precious walks a predictable path but keeps us off-balance because Daniels consistently executes scenes slightly differently than what we expect.
Daniels may be indulging in stunt casting, and slamming plot points home with sledgehammer subtlety, but the film's milieu and characters feel alarmingly real. And its story ends up packing an emotional wallop.
The whole thing begins to feel like The Color Purple as rewritten for a poetry slam, heaping on the abuse like a horror film.
Precious punishes the audience with scene after scene of squalor and hopelessness, but like last year's poverty-can-be-entertaining hit Slumdog Millionaire, it rewards them for hanging on 'til the end.
one of this year's must-see films
Precious is a force of nature. You don't simply watch the movie, you experience it -- in all its fury, hope, bitterness, grace, horror and redemption.
While Precious isn't perfect, it's a moving drama that gives veteran performer Mo'Nique and first-timer Gabourey Sidibe the opportunity to create indelibly-etched characterizations.
The performances are unbelievably natural ... a guaranteed Best Picture nominee.
There are pitfalls inherent in this kind of story, but indie director Lee Daniels sidesteps them, crafting a feature that is both emotionally honest and stirring.
The film is a tribute to Sidibe's ability to engage our empathy. Her work is still another demonstration of the mystery of some actors, who evoke feelings in ways beyond words and techniques.
Sidibe and Mo'Nique deliver outstanding performances here. They compel the audience to cut through the hype and connect with their characters' plights.
Precious is a powerful social drama telling a gripping personal story. It will put you through the wringer and take your breath away.
Hits several staggering low points, but the humanity is never far from view, and while uncomfortable to process at times, the film retains an impressive dramatic grip through unimaginable horror. Tyler Perry could learn a thing or two from this approach.
Precious captures how a lost girl rouses herself from the dead, and Daniels shows unflinching courage as a filmmaker by going this deep into the pathologies that may still linger in the closets of some impoverished inner-city lives.
Winfrey, Perry and Daniels make an unholy triumvirate. They come together at some intersection of race exploitation and opportunism.
Given the months-long hype, what's most bewildering about Sundance sensation Precious is its overall shrug-worthiness.
Lee Daniels has made a movie that offers up the absolute worst in an effort to illuminate the need for the absolute best... a film of genuine substance, one you should see for yourself.
I was all set to enjoy a good sob over this one. Amazingly enough, I, who cries at commercials, didn't shed a tear.
Lee Daniels, in just his second film as director, crafts a story that rises from the depths of despair to a place of genuine hope.
It simply should not be missed.
A former casting director, Daniels shows undeniable savoir faire with his actors, a mix of musicians and comedians effectively cast against type.
The film escapes its own grimness and becomes truly astonishing thanks to the performances.
As hard as the subject of incest and rape and abuse can be, it's a truly inspirational tale of overcoming the odds and never losing sight of your dreams.
Even if Bette Davis, Joan Crawford and Katherine Hepburn all came back from the dead -- they could not pull that Oscar out of Mo'Nique's hands.
While the director, Lee Daniels, does not shy away from the grimmest elements of the story, his eclectic filmmaking style is almost exhilarating, finding room for fantasy, operatic melodrama, and authentic humor.
An undeniably authentic contrast to those ghetto fabulous adventures celebrating macho, misogynistic, malevolent and misanthropic behavior presumably of no emotional consequence.
Baby Mama Dearest minus the coat hangers and Hollywood mansion, this bad parenting horror movie boasts exceptional performances, but is social pornography at its worst, festering in racial self-loathing and oblivious to a system that ignores its neediest.
Like Shelley Winters in A Patch of Blue and A Taste of Honey, Mo'Nique best known for comedic trifles tears up the screen. Virulent self-centeredness has never been better portrayed.
What rescues Precious is the performance of Mo'Nique as Mary, the heroine's Medusa-like mother.
Daniels does everything to hold the melodrama at bay, but there's only so much he can do.
Daniels and screenwriter Geoffrey Fletcher pile tribulations onto their protagonist not to inform but merely to exploit.
Compelling and artistic, punctuated with warm humor and masterful performances, and ultimately triumphant and hopeful.
Frequently plays as though Daniels conceived it as a mash-up of Toni Morrison's The Bluest Eye and Rob Marshall's Chicago... Finally and semi-subversively denies that 'everything is a gift of the universe.'
Stunning performances from Mo'Nique and newcomer Gabourey Sidibe can evoke expressions of horror and disbelief from the audience: but young people battered mentally and physically like Precious are not rare.
Since Precious bears such an unpalatable, relentlessly-bleak-to-the-point-of-cliché ghetto premise (see: Tyler Perry), its effectiveness as a film hinges on the quality of the performances
"Precious" is an unforgettable drama whose intrinsic truth outweighs any exploitation or politics that might attend such material. If you want a gritty socially conscious movie, this is it.
An emotionally poignant film about a degraded and abused African-American teenage girl whose life is turned around by the love and concern of an inspiring teacher and the compassion of others.
More than anything though, Precious is a remarkable showcase for its all-female ensemble cast.
One for the Stuff White People Like canon, Precious: Based on the Novel Push by Sapphire is an impeccably acted piece of trash.
It's a once-in-a-blue-moon experience that tests the boundaries of film, with an electrifying, positively Oscar-worthy performance by salty stand-up comic Mo'Nique, as the most monstrous mother on the planet.
Raw, moving and somewhat akin to having a piano dropped on your head, Precious is a fable of abuse and redemption.
Sidibe's downright jaw-dropping performance undoubtedly goes a long way towards creating and maintaining an atmosphere of raw authenticity...
This is an actors' movie through and through, with all of them pulling off the key emotional scenes magnificently.
Boasting strong performances and lightened by a few flashes of much-needed easy humour, Precious is let down by Daniels' ropey direction - which leaves you feeling like it could/should have been a much better film.
An urban nightmare with a surfeit of soul, "Precious: Based on the Novel 'Push' by Sapphire" is like a diamond -- clear, bright, but oh so hard.
An overwhelming, masterful dramatic competition entrant, this Lee Daniels film may have no bounds in the awards categories.
Second-time director Lee Daniels creates a must-see portrait of life's underprivileged which is utterly compelling.
A highlight of Sundance Fest (winner of jury and audience awards), Precious is a vividly realized, emotionally powerful, inspirational chronicle of a poor, illiterate black girl who rises above her station, splendidly played by newcomer Gabourey Sidibe.


@highlight

Precious is a grim yet ultimately triumphant film about abuse and inner-city life, largely bolstered by exceptional performances from its cast.