It was funny. Like really funny, with genuine laughter, not those half-laugh, half-huff things that so many comedies settle for. In key moments, Easy A went for the gut-buster.
While Easy A might not be remembered ten years from now like such films as Pretty in Pink, Pretty Woman, and Boomerang, but it's still a refreshing addition to today's genre.
Stone is a delight, Stanley Tucci is scene-stealing as her wise-cracking father, and there are some fantastic one-liners. But the overall plot is a mess of tired clichés, stupid characters and confused messages about sexuality and acceptance.
This film is just pure escapism and doesn't even hint at any practical solution to the widespread problem of bullying among youths.
(WIll Gluck) captures today's high school soul with the same resourcefulness as (John) Hughes did in Ferris Beuller's Day Off. It's not quite as endearing, but it's a helluva good start.
Easy A transcends the mold of teenage cautionary tales while still providing some serious laughs and genuine moments. It has a wildly fresh script that keeps you laughing throughout and Emma Stone is great in the lead role.
What we get is a surprisingly funny film that has some charm to it, which is not something you hear applied to comedies all that often.
This is the film where Stone really established herself not only as a star but as an engaging and charismatic actress
A star-making performance by Emma Stone centers this humorous look at rumor mongering and the modern high school experience.
Stone has a glittering career as a leading lady ahead of her.
A "B" for effort and "C+" for execution.
It does get by on lively energy, a creativity in its writing, and a star turn by Stone.
There's no reliance on gross out moments to sustain interest and it's genuinely funny with a lively script and a supporting cast of excellent adults.
Easy A passes due to Stone's star turn and a knowing screenplay that needed a little more bravery to elevate it to a top achievement.
Emma Stone gets her best role to date in Easy A, a smart high-school comedy that recalls Clueless and 10 Things I Hate About You in its witty contemporary spin to a literary classic.
Si la película no es una pérdida de tiempo es, en primer lugar, gracias al talento cómico de Emma Stone y a una serie de referencias a la cultura pop capaces de generar empatía en el espectador.
One of the most smug and obnoxiously self-aware films I've ever seen...
With whip-smart dialog and an interesting premise, along with homages to the legendary John Hughes (who would be proud of this film), this high school sex comedy is way above average for this lowly movie genre.
Ungainly but fleet, generous and, in between quips, alert to youthful discovery
"At the screening I was at, a youngish chap slouching next to me asked his friend: 'remind me why we're watching this'. 'For the girls,' was the reply. For Emma Stone, to be precise.
Stone elevates the material to the near sublime in its best moments.
A high-school comedy that comes on both sassy and cute.
The set-up is ridiculous, but the overall message about self-respect is reassuringly old-fashioned -- that it's always better for people to decide for themselves who they want to be.
Stone is so winning in a star-is-born performance that you happily sit back and enjoy.
Like an insecure teen, this is a film that has no confidence in what it really has going for it, and instead projects an unnecessary air of false bravado.
This is the best high-school comedy since Mean Girls.
From its droll opening voiceover Will Gluck's film has us in the palm of its hand, rooting for an unconventional heroine who finds the silver lining in a huge, dark cloud over a pivotal year at high school.
A sparkling moral tale about a small lie that ramifies out of control.
Emma Stone could make a four-hour reading of her high school yearbook entertaining ... She's this generation's next best hope for a lovable comic lead actress.
Easy A is easily the most entertaining high school comedy since 1999's Ten Things I Hate About You, and the first great teen movie of the 21st century.
A strong idea that wanders out of focus in the second half. But it never falls apart thanks to Stone, making excellent on her early promise. Power to her.
The script shrewdly boosts its IQ by working in parallels to Nathaniel Hawthorne's The Scarlet Letter and piling on 80s teen movie references.
True, the plot almost overreaches itself, but it's still enormously funny and has surprising cross-generational appeal.
Smarter than your average teen comedy, this snappy movie knows how to keeps us laughing.
The film's funniest moment comes courtesy of Tucci; the writers making swift but brilliant use of adoption humour.
Arguably the best teen comedy since Clueless, it's easy to give this one an A. Well, A-.
Stone gives a terrific performance, her knowing drawl implying intellect and indifference with underlying warmth.
Enjoyable, frequently funny teen comedy with a witty script, great characters and an utterly charming central performance from Emma Stone.
The film goes for character-based comedy rather than spiky one-liners, so it's the cast's warmth that cements it as a five-star movie.
In what universe does a supposedly unremarkable 17 year old high school student gain the attention of her entire school by losing her virginity?
It's a kind of an indirect love letter...love postcard...love fax...to the teen films of the 80s.
It?s easy to love "Easy A," a funny and sweet updating of the high-school comedy genre ? as if Diablo Cody wrote a John Hughes movie.
As the title implies, 'Easy A' is a movie made by some smart people.
... a delight from top to bottom.
Entertaining yet uneven...
Witty original film that is very appealing due in great part by the charismatic Emma Stone.
Stone's immensely appealing. Delightfully teeters between comedy, satire and romance before falling a few letter-grades short of the top mark in this genre--set by Election--because it tries to grow up too quickly without quite knowing what to say.
Easy A, one of the wittiest, most provocative, smartest high school comedies in years, addresses the age old question of socially acceptable behavior with unrepentant chutzpah and rare comic insight.
It's easy to tell you why this should go on your "A" list.
Every teenager - and probably a lot of older people as well - should see Easy A.
Pleasant throwback to eighties John Hughes flicks.
This isn't just the sharpest high-school comedy in years, it's also the funniest movie of any kind in 2010 so far.
A cut above the usual teenage romance thanks to the potent presence of Emma Stone, a young actor who looks a bit like a youthful Myrna Loy and who has a refined sense of comic timing.
At least Emma Stone gets high marks in this teen comedy.
Not to the level of a John Hughes film but entertaining none the less; but only sporadically funny.
Smart, funny and charming. Easy A is a textbook example of how to make a Hollywood teen comedy well -- save for a slightly too-neat ending.
Easy A is whip smart but a little lazy, content to turn in an intelligent, witty but ultimately unpolished project that will still get a good grade.
As for Emma Stone, she didn't have to win me over. She conquered me from the first A.
Unbelievably sharp writing, excellent performances and a fine mix of lower-brow humor with clever dialogue and mature storytelling make it one of the most entertaining comedies of this year, as well as the past few.
Rising superstar Emma Stone plays a smarty hottie for the 'A'
Easy A is an easy sit, and it's worth seeing if only so you can say later that you were there when Emma Stone became a movie star.
Emma Stone deserves an Easy A, but the rest of the movie only gets a hard C.
Stone has a deep, no-nonsense voice and a way of delivering her fast, witty dialogue that suggests her brain works just as fast.
Entertaining with moments of charm mostly due to its great supporting cast, Easy A tries terribly hard, but never captures the savvy or cool of John Hughes' or Cameron Crowe's teen comedy opuses.
Easy A Doesn't Make the Grade.
Easy A belongs in the company of Election, Heathers, and Mean Girls -- all motion pictures that have outlived their theatrical lives because they have unique voices and use them to say something.
While funny, it spends a lot of the time remembering/imitating great 80's high school flicks and ultimately doesn't live up to them.
it wasn't terrible, but it wasn't nearly as good as even the mediocre films of John Hughes
Emma Stone delivers a star-making performance here, but memorable scenes with veteran actors Stanley Tucci and Patricia Clarkson make the film something special.
Easy A gets an A+ for keeping the teen high school comedy clever and quirky.
Easy A may be about the kids, but aside from Stone's contribution, it mostly benefits from all the adult supervision.
... smart, genre-aware satire of high school comedies and of the suburban high school experience in general.
Such an unconventionally smart, funny and delightful teen comedy that it's like a breath of fresh air. It's this year's Mean Girls.
Teen comedies like Easy A invoke the John Hughes canon at their own peril
Stone's charisma sells her preternaturally mature character and makes the script's snarky, pop culture-referencing dialogue snap.
Easy A is a Clueless for the 21st century. It's smart, funny, and relevant to the target audience.
[T]he secret is out: Hollywood knows how to make movies about authentic female human beings... It just chooses not to do so 97 percent of the time.
John Hughes lives in Director Will Gluck. Great cast!
Emma Stone earns extra credit in this otherwise uneven comic take on 'The Scarlet Letter.
It's 90 minutes of no filler and just enough PG-13 filter to make sure your 16-year-old daughter can check out it without having to swap spit for a fake ID.
Gluck and Royal do a nice job here. They've constructed a teenage comedy that has sass and smarts, adults sure to enjoy it just as much as their adolescent counterparts.
An agreeable and relatively witty surprise.
A comedy with a mega-talented lead star and wonderful supporting actors all left adrift by a script that vacillates between satire and social commentary but never forgets to remind you that its characters are oh-so-clever.
Can't Buy Me Love for the Mean Girls generation. It knows it and it references that movie and other '80s classics, but Can't Buy Me Love is the accurate one because it's really about changing people's lives.
A movie that charms its way to being the kind of well-crafted teen touchstone that very well could become to today's generation what Ferris Bueller was to teens of the '80s.
Teen Scarlet Letter update is smart but risque.
As a performer, Stone is neither a vapid plastic-enhanced bimbo nor so surly as to not be appealing. She has star wattage and strut -- and she's utterly confident carrying a movie solo.
Any movie that quotes Mark Twain, excerpts John Hughes and employs a singeing British cussword normally unheard in PG-13 high school comedies - that's all right, too. More than all right. Easy A might not ace it, but it scores a solid B.
An extremely witty, inventive, sweet and perceptive coming-out party for Emma Stone.
Easy A falls short of the greatness of cult High School classics like Heathers. If there were doubters, however, it does at least provide further proof that Emma Stone is a talent to watch.
Omigod, the high school film is not dead. Text it high and text it low, for it has risen from the ashes with this clever, thoughtful and funny parable.
A gem of a turn by Emma Stone as high school student Olive Penderghast makes this tale of a girl, gossip and independence a smart and self-aware hoot in the tradition of the teen flicks of the 1980s.
...a sharp-witted comedy about high school that draws some blood, but also manages to show a good deal of humor, with the parents getting a few of the best lines.
A luminous Emma Stone easily A-ces her role as the girl displaying the appliquéd A -- elevating the film to a higher ranking than it probably deserves.
Enhanced by a wicked sense of humor, Will Gluck's movie does what Hughes did best, showcasing characters with personality who make you wish you had them on speed dial.
Stone shows great self-assurance and considerable comic chops in a tour-de-force that that could have seemed smarmy and/or silly in lesser hands.
This could very well be Stone's breakthrough role as she nails the part with just the right combination of smarts, approachability, snarky attitude and more. (Parental Review also Available)
The whole affair is PG-13 toothless and TV slick - I kept feeling that the movie was insisting on its own embraceability, and I resisted.
Olive is a character all about attitude, but also allowing her to show some of that teen girl vulnerability, and Stone excels at both.
It catapults Emma Stone into a higher place reserved for American actors who can handle elevated language with casually dazzling aplomb.
For its first half, Easy A is one of the year's freshest and funniest comedies.
Stone, however, passes with flying colours: at this point, she's the clear heiress-apparent to Anna Faris' crown.
It's a movie you can respect in the morning.
Here's a movie that could have slid by on high hems and smug double-entendres (like, um, the title), and instead, they went to the trouble to cook up a furiously paced, sharp little movie.
Whatever else it accomplishes, the sassy high school comedy Easy A commands attention for the irresistible presence of Emma Stone, playing a good girl who pretends to be bad.
This is a movie that is going to hang around in theaters for a while and seems destined to join the John Hughes' oeuvre in having a long, home video shelf life.
It's all a giant case of good intentions gone badly wrong, and it works because Stone plays off both the impulse to help people around her and the growing realization of how the world views her because of it.
It makes with the clever dialogue and it does present a world where a young woman takes charge and triumphs over peer pressure, but the filmmakers were either too lazy or inept to find a way to be hip and competent at the same time.
If it were not for the charming lead performance by Emma Stone anchoring this film, we would be less distracted from what a true mess it really is.
Lots of high school-set films beg for a John Hughes comparison, but this one actually earns it.
Emma Stone has that certain something ensuring she'll be a big star... She's like Lindsay Lohan before the rap sheet; a fair comparison given Stone's striking red hair and a plot owing a lot to Mean Girls.
A wickedly enjoyable and smart teen comedy.
The material is elevated by the delightful Emma Stone, spinning comedy out of likability alone.
If Easy A isn't on your must-see list, put it there.
Given the luminaries ... dotting the cast, this ought to be some kind of fun, but it's not nearly as much fun as it might have been
A thoroughly delightful surprise, after a summer full of dim and dreary comedies.
Though the talented Stone shows off some sharp comic timing, it's hard to accept this smart, gorgeous young woman as a school misfit yearning for popularity...
Stone is such an effortless charmer that she keeps the story aloft.
Yep, we're dealing with that extremely rare species: a big-studio movie aimed at teenage girls that's also smart and funny enough to please boyfriends and parents.
In a weak year for mainstream cinema, Easy A stands out as one of the best of the bunch.
Stone really does rock Easy A, making Gluck's valentine to Hughes into something lovable in its own right.
Stone really does rock Easy A, making Gluck's valentine to Hughes into something lovable in its own right.
An often hilarious and observant comedy about high school from the point of view of an extraordinarily smart and sagacious young woman.
This overly self-aware teen comedy strives to be a "Clueless" or "Mean Girls" but, like its heroine, it just doesn't quite fit in.
In the high school comedy sweepstakes, 'Easy A' doesn't wind up at the top of the class, but it deserves a passing grade.
Will Gluck's high school comedy combines the soul of John Hughes with the arch sass of Diablo Cody, and delivers something delightfully new in the process.
Much of what passes for fresh in this Scarlet Letter update doesn't bear closer inspection, yet the movie is not without its pleasures, chief among them the potentially star-making lead performance by Emma Stone.
It's nice to see a teen comedy put the story ahead of the gag, and while it may result in more snickers than laugh-out-loud moments, it also makes for a better movie.
A high-spirited, whip-smart high school sex comedy told from a female perspective, Easy A is The Scarlet Letter on laughing gas.
Easy A is really more of a B+. But even with the quibbles, a teen comedy this original deserves high marks.
Easy A not only makes the grade, but it comes in close to 100%.
...the best female centric teen comedy since "Mean Girls."
Like the movie she's in, Olive is smart, sarcastic, and never snarky.
Until it spins manically out of control in the last act, Easy A is a charmer: a high school satire with a lethally sharp script and a big, smart, adorable star performance from Emma Stone.
Easy A has two strong elements in its favor: heart, and Stone's terrific lead performance.
The filmmakers' determination to make a naughty teen comedy based on deception (and Nathaniel Hawthorne) is undone by age-blind miscasting, a heavy hand and an overall misjudged tone.
With her crooked smile, throaty voice, and wise guy eyes, Emma Stone is a superstar in waiting
Sassy but also sincere, Easy A is an immensely likeable high-school comedy powered by an appealing lead performance from up-and-coming actress Emma Stone.
From smartass to smoldering, from vixen to vulnerable, [Stone's] star-making performance grounds the film with enough emotion to counteract the screenplay's potential for glib overload.
Olive is a kind of modern day Ferris Bueller. She has it pretty close to all figured out, and she even gets her own big, gratuitous musical number. It's a terrifically deadpan, lively performance from Stone.
It's a keeper.
Director Will Gluck shows wicked comic timing and uncommon warmth in an overworked genre.
Easy A falls well short of cult teen comedy status, but it possesses enough zingers to make it a fun if forgettable watch for a cross-generational audience.
Easy A would be a very easy movie to dislike, if Stone weren't so easy to like.
It has at least one thing going for it: an excellent performance from Emma Stone (Superbad) as the statuesque, sardonic Olive, a conscientious high-school senior who is, she assures us, an anonymous figure among her classmates.
There's a fair whiff of Dawson's Creek Syndrome too -- teens sprouting eloquence and witticisms way beyond theirs or anyone's years and it can be a little too smug, smart and self aware.
The jokes are hit-and-miss. But Stone is one sassy babe and a breakout star who nails every zinger and brings genuine warmth to her scenes with her parents.
Sassy and sharp, it's a cleverly edgy twist on Nathaniel Hawthorne's classic morality fable.
A tone-deaf attempt to transplant "The Scarlet Letter" - or at least its consideration of puritanical judgment - to a contemporary high-school setting.
I didn't really buy the words coming out of the mouth of a precocious 17-year-old, I still enjoyed knowing somebody uttered them.
Emma Stone's secular heroine stands up to her detractors in this discriminative and cliché heavy teen comedy.
I'd like to see Gluck and Royal actually study what John Hughes achieved during his short stint in teen cinema before they attempt to piss all over his grave a second time around.
Not every moment of Easy A earns a passing grade, but what works in this edgy teen comedy works spectacularly well.
It's a funny, engaging comedy that takes the familiar but underrated Emma Stone and makes her, I believe, a star.
Amusing fluff foolishly paced as if it's Crank: High Voltage.
Like its main character, Easy A is trying too hard to seem like something it's not.
This is the kind of movie about teenagers that an adult audience should embrace. It's simply that good, and Stone is nothing short of wonderful.
Easy A is now frontrunner for worst film of 2010.
Wielding an improbable vocabulary that would elicit a head scratch from Merriam-Webster and possessing a beautiful and expressive face, the 21-year-old redhead [Stone] makes you fall for her hard.
I give Easy A an A for amusing. It's probably not bound to be a classic, but Stone shines with star power and it's worth the price of admission for some laughs.
If Lindsay Lohan never makes it back to leading-lady status, then we can all comfort ourselves with the knowledge that we have Emma Stone.
The ghost of John Hughes smiles upon Easy A, a film that freely and giddily borrows from and pays tribute to Hughes' famous Holy Trinity of '80s teen angst comedies.
The writing definitely reserves the wittiest lines for Stone, who comes off as a winner above all other cast members. Her delivery and physical comedy really underline her skills in ways that other comediennes just can't touch.
It's a dire, poorly directed, pretentious attempt to put a Gen Y spin on The Scarlet Letter made all the worse by the casting of Stone whose character is supposed to be unpopular, despite the obvious fact that she is gorgeous.
Come in Lindsay Lohan: your time is up. Ever since you went off the rails we've been on the lookout for a feisty, freckled ranga with a straight-bourbon voice and killer comic timing, and we've found her in the form of Emma Stone.
Those who are game will be rewarded with a smart, sussed take on the life of the modern teenager.
You can't help but wonder why Olive doesn't just stay at home, work on her college applications and leave the sub-John Hughes melodramatics to a lesser Ringwald.
Emma Stone is crazy good in this - Goldie Hawn in ''Private Benjamin'' good, Gilda Radner in good, Shelley Long in ''Cheers'' good!
While it doesn't quite have the edge of something like Election it is the smartest and most enjoyable teen comedy since Juno.
Easy A tacks on a sound message about a teenage girl's right to do with her body as she wishes; the 88 preceding minutes aren't much more relevant than, as one character snarks, "a gossip girl in a sweet valley of traveling pants."
A sassy and funny movie that gives imagination, pluck, and creative playfulness a good name.
The final mark? Well, give this proud A a solid B. It's definitely a Diablo Codyesque cut above the norm - the wit can sometimes feel contrived but at least there's wit to be found.
Only fitfully entertaining, usually when the grown-ups step in to show how it's done.
With witty dialogue and astute comedic performances, this film parodies the clichés of other teen movies but still feels fresh.
Steve Carell and Will Ferrell have nothing on Emma Stone. She doesn't need dirty jokes, farces or a cliché shtick to get the job done; she's just a natural.
(VIDEO) Emma Stone's sustained sardonic tone, combined with her unconventional beauty, makes "Easy A" shine as a provocative teen comedy.
The movie belongs to Stone, that gorgeous, husky-voiced redhead. When most actors deliver nonstop patter, their mouths get ahead of their minds, but Stone's brain works so fast that her mouth can barely keep up.
A joyous, confident and extremely witty comedy that beautifully showcases [Emma] Stone's major league skills.
The film is uneven (second half is weaker), but in its good scenes, it's a sharp and witty high-school comedy, featuring a career-making turn by Emma Stone, and serving as updated version and companion piece to Clueless and Mean Girls.
All the self-awareness and saucy banter in the world can't make Easy A consistently funny, nor can the copious snark, tired '80s references, and glib Scarlet Letter parallels that define its story.
Sex, lies and a webcast are some of the ingredients in this zippy teen comedy that's as fresh as a tropical cocktail garnished by an outrageous swizzle stick.
Provocatively into teen mating habits and heresies with anthropological zeal, Easy A and its self-promoting sex maniac reputed to excel as an erotic scream queen without ever removing a stitch of clothing, is an Easy heir to Juno, minus the baby bump.
Easy A is zippy and clever and far more original than you thought a high school comedy could be.
Is Olive practicing prostitution? Hair-splitters would say so, but hair-splitters likely won't be seeing Easy A, with its silliness, over-the-topitude and fabulous leading lady, who caps her fresh, charming performance with a musical number at the end.


@highlight

It owes a huge debt to older (and better) teen comedies, but Easy A proves a smart, witty showcase for its irresistibly charming star, Emma Stone.