[Rules Don't Apply] is an entertaining and surprisingly low-key portrait of excess.
Warren Beatty's comeback movie is a sometimes bizarre, sometimes winning film about multi-hyphenate billionaire Howard Hughes (Beatty) in 1959 and 1964...
Ehrenreich and Collins are both charming but framkly they're amuse-bouches for Beatty's bone-in prime rib.
Warren Beatty orchestrates an odd declaration of love of cinema. [Full review in Spanish]
Everything...is undercooked, half-thought and damn near incomprehensible.
Rules Don't Apply: A Different Era For Movies
Warren Beatty uses his return to the cinema scene in his enactment of Howard Hughes.
Director Warren Beatty tries to do too much in this nostalgic drama and the plot suffers because of it.
It's just too odd -- and indeed long -- for its own good.
... the sum total is a messy, slightly out of focus portrait of a larger than life man.
... a little gem from an actor-writer-filmmaker who hasn't lost anything despite not having made a film in almost 20 years.
As Beatty's fable unfolds, it becomes a winning period piece anchored by the super-charismatic [Lily] Collins and [Alden] Ehrenreich.
Given his famously protracted deliberations, it is almost certainly the last film we will ever get from Beatty the auteur. It's a nice, warm, genial and embraceable farewell.
If Rules Don't Apply had focused on just one of its two main storylines, it could have been solid. Instead, it's uneven, lurching between utterly charming and honestly boring.
Beatty has made a beautiful-to-look-at film making full cinematic use of its glamorous period setting. But despite having all the ingredients for a charming movie, like Howard Hughes, Rules Don't Apply's soul remains elusive.
Smart in its contrasts of gender, place, celebrity, and normality, more so than its story initially seems to intimate.
A richly satirical portrait of American double standards.
There are so many details to savour in this beautifully produced film that it's all the more regrettable that it doesn't quite coalesce into a satisfying whole.
The nostalgia on display, as fun as it often is, somewhat overshadows the storytelling.
As a director, Beatty loves endless quick cuts and 10-second scenes of not-so-witty banter; it's an attempt to capture the quickfire wit of old movies that falls sadly flat.
Rules Don't Apply doesn't hang together but for fans of Beatty there are glimmers of his now trademark stylish direction and witty dialogue.
Beatty's first film in more than 15 years is an entertaining, insider's account of 50s Tinseltown with a keen eye for authentic period detail. But having been a member of the circus himself for so long, Beatty's perspective is one of wry detachment.
It is by no means an average movie, but it is ultimately a forgettable one: merely a pleasing trifle of a romance.
Zigs when it should zag, stumbles when it should skip, and feels about an hour longer than it actually is.
It's too long but there is a light touch to this often funny look back to old Hollywood. Fans of nice, gentle entertainment should enjoy it.
Sloppy, lively and joyfully fast-paced.
Beatty's performance is one of the production's brighter spots; his screenplay is the real problem as it never quite decides which story to tell, never mind how to tell it.
In its best moments, it has all the charisma and eccentricity of a Coen Brothers film, but it never quite gets to that point of genius, and the potential for laugh-out-loud comedy is often missed.
An easy and enjoyable watch, thanks to Beatty's performance and eye - but a muddled one.
If Hughes's problem is the lack of anyone with the balls to tell him not to be so damned silly, the symbiosis between character and creator is perfect.
Rules Don't Apply does the job nicely.
Warren Beatty's first film in more than 15 years is a love letter to the Hollywood he must have encountered as a young man.
It's a plodding, plonking, clonking, clanking vanity project, watching which is like drowning in suet or being alone for two hours in the kind of airless hotel room that Hughes reputedly holed up in.
This is Warren Beatty's first film as director in almost 20 years and it really wasn't worth the wait.
With all the will in the world, Beatty just hasn't been able to match his previous achievements here.
Rules Don't Apply is nothing if not strange, though sadly not in a good way.
Rules is entirely baffling. Is it a tale of Old Hollywood? Is it a biopic of Howard Hughes? Is it a love story? Unfortunately, it can never decide, so tries to be all of the above and therefore succeeds at none.
Beatty's casting of Collins and Ehrenreich is inspired: it's easy to imagine both of these beautiful young things thriving in the Hollywood of the 1950s and 60s, in much the same way Beatty himself did.
An experimental, breathless, and messy passion project demanding of repeat viewings.
As time goes by - and much more time goes by than it should - the whimsy becomes punishing.
This is a determinedly oddball film but it's one made with plenty of energy. At least, Beatty, at this very advanced stage in his career, doesn't appear to have lost any of his old youthful zest.
A film that depicts the golden era of Hollywood with a palpable affection, a romanticised, indelible take on Los Angeles, maintaining the glitz and glamour, yet injecting a vital gritty edge.
Set in 1958 Hollywood, Warren Beatty's polished film about a starlet, her driver and billionaire Howard Hughes starts with promise but fizzles into a drawn out, tedious disappointment. There are some wonderful moments, though.
Beatty seems unsure if he wants the story to be about Hughes or about the young lovers, so he never gives full focus to either.
Beatty's fine, but this is no Hail, Caesar!
Entertaining, engagingly acted, and something of an old-school treat.
A tonally awkward, poorly edited and overlong mess of a film, Rules Don't Apply is a bust of a comeback from filmmaker Warren Beatty, whose overwrought direction is matched by his over the top performance as notorious Hollywood recluse Howard Hughes.
With a romantic comedy tone, Beatty takes the risk of making a film that, despite its irregularity, shows a completely free project in its ambition. [Full review in Spanish]
Rules Don't Apply starts out by creating a context for an icon of American entrepreneurial lust, then gets increasingly vague, sentimental, and less personal.
A frequently silly, forgettable bit of fluff.
What's plain onscreen -- and often metered out in short, choppy scenes -- is an inconsistency in tone, swerving from peppy to morose, and an ambivalence in whether we're meant to read Hughes as a comical or tragic figure.
If not for the performances, including a pair of engaging leads, the film would suffer from an overburdened reliance on dated tropes.
If [Beatty] never makes another film, this would be a sad capper to the career of the actor who gave us Bonnie and Clyde, McCabe & Mrs. Miller, and Shampoo.
'The Rules Don't Apply' to this fictional tale of the real-life Howard Hughes.
If you love American cinema, you realize that Rules Don't Apply doesn't just use Hollywood as a setting but embodies 90 years of its history.
It's a mess. Beautifully photographed (by Caleb Deschanel), gorgeously designed (Jeannine Oppewall) and conscientiously acted, but still a mess.
. . . a screwball romance whirling around [Howard Hughes'] decline . . . veers toward the jaw-droppingly tasteless territory of Jerry Lewis' Holocaust comedy The Day the Clown Cried.
It's an intensely personal picture. That's its greatest strength, along with its greatest weakness. It may not be for anyone else.
Stylish, nostalgic farce, yet stilted - with a story that inevitably culminates in disillusionment...
If Rules Don't Apply is merely a nostalgic love letter to Beatty's early days as an actor in the years before 1961's Splendor in the Grass made him an international sex symbol, that's enough. Give it a whirl. You'll be time traveling with one of the best.
Do not let yourself be fooled. This movie is bad.
The focus of "Rules Don't Apply" is not on Hughes, though Beatty chews the scenery with gusto as the infamous recluse.
Beatty's vision of showbiz corruption is hardly novel, but as a writer and actor, he's created the most wistful and complex portrait of Hughes I've ever seen.
Rules Don't Apply is not without its merits -- namely, Collins and Ehrenreich -- but it turns its attention away from things that matter toward things that don't.
Beatty's return as actor and director is just plain glorious and, even with its flaws, this rapturously romantic escapade ends up being an insightful lark that has far more on its mind than initially meets the eye.
Stylish, though innocuous and intermittently feckless.
[It's] is the very definition of a movie that "has its moments," not that they necessarily add up to something that makes sense. But Beatty has for a half-century been an exception to many rules, and even when he misses, it's still sort of interesting.
It's just not good. At times, it's borderline embarrassing.
[Rules Don't Apply] is winsome, lighthearted fun with some light social commentary. It's a refreshing night out.
Bravo to Warren Beatty for making an original and highly pleasing piece of entertainment.
In his screenplay and performance as Hughes, Beatty offers a canny, sharply drawn, and highly personal take on the billionaire, with strong elements of lacerating self-parody.
Though rife with glossy Hollywood charm, the film is strangely disjointed and unfocused.
Rules Don't Apply is a Warren Beatty crap-shoot.
Beatty gives his all in the role and delivers a strong performance. But what he can't do is deliver any particular insight into the film's subject. (Splice Today)
Viewers who can get on the film's wavelength will find much to enjoy, but there's no denying the picture is slight in the extreme.
Writer/director Warren Beatty, whose long gestating film is his first since 1998's "Bulworth," springs back with a frothy comedy steeped in the golden glow of the old, waning Hollywood studio system.
Warren Beatty's ego got the best of him in this vanity production. He possibly has out-Ishtarred "Ishtar".
Maybe I'm just not in the mood to laugh at the lovable eccentricities of an unstable, narcissistic billionaire right now.
The rules that apply to actors disappearing for 15 years don't apply to Warren Beatty. Back with a bang in one of the year's best. One of this year's rare must-see movies.
Beatty's longtime passion project about the reclusive billionaire is a breezy and amusing throwback tale of celebrity, gossip, romance and affluence in 1950s Hollywood.
What begins as a light, jaunty look at how sane people deal with disturbed-but-important bigwigs morphs into a scattershot mess.
Rules might not have applied for the real-life Hughes, but they certainly do in filmmaking and telling a story. (Full Content Review for Parents - Sex, Profanity, etc. - also Available)
Warren Beatty plays Howard Hughes with seductive charm, sneaky intelligence and buggy eccentricity. Sadly, Beatty as writer and director has chosen to make Hughes a supporting role, teasing a much deeper portrait..
Beatty...brings more than star power to the role of Hughes: He plays Hughes as an unraveling ball of ingenious nervous energy.
This is a picture Beatty has wanted to make for years, and if the movie isn't the achievement it should be, it's at least entertaining in fits and starts.
There's some beautiful visuals and individual moments that can be seen be enjoyed, but if you're looking for a plot that makes sense, you may want to apply elsewhere.
...a film that's not unwatchable, but it's hardly the capstone of a distinguished career.
It's clear that Beatty is fascinated with Hughes, but the movie makes it tough to figure out what exactly the filmmaker wanted to say about this larger-than-life figure.
When Beatty is on camera doing his nutty bit as Hughes, the pic is dynamite.
It's a relief to see a Hollywood film that doesn't have anything to prove, or even a need to please - this feels like the least audience-tested movie in years.
[It's] a rousing entertainment with eye candy in abundance. Rules Don't Apply is witty and weird by turns.
The messiness ultimately exceeds the fun, with Beatty/Hughes sucking some of the air out of what should be a more romantic denouement. But the cast makes the journey worthwhile.
The film struggles figuring out what it's trying to say but it does so with a lot of craftsmanship and panache. Call it pleasantly unsatisfying.
As a portrait of an era that Beatty lived and worked through, Rules Don't Apply has a poetic charm, even if its final takeaway feels a bit more ambiguous.
While not perfect, 'Rules Don't Apply' is a welcome break from big screen violence. As a king of Hollywood royalty, Warren Beatty still rules.
Rules Don't Apply is a strange bird, but it's not a bad one, if you're up for four or five movies crammed into one, coupled with an earwormy musical number and some senseless wandering around. But it's not really a good movie, either.
Rules Don't Apply could have been an insightful look at a tragic, troubled figure. Instead Beatty made a conventional romance with lead characters we hardly care about.
Lily Collins best ever. She is the new Audrey Hepburn. Beatty's best since Bugsy.
The vibrant Los Angeles backdrop and colorful characters make for some great film, but Rules Don't Apply comes with lots of turbulence and a bumpy landing.
Unremittingly dull and uninvolving, full of glaring factual inaccuracies, the only things about the movie that are admirable are the spectacular color films of Hollywood and Los Angeles in 1959. Alas, they are not nearly enough.
Beatty's one-man show as Howard Hughes pays off in a few scenes, especially when he impersonates Al Jolson while struggling to bring a big ol' airplane he's piloting under control.
The central problem with "Rules Don't Apply," unfortunately, is the central romance. The characters don't appeal - the starlet has no particular spark, while the driver is a pushy go-getter.
Like everything this star-director has done, the film is deceptively smart. It's just a little too late to the game.
Entertaining but uneven Hollywood drama has serious themes.
What is curious, and oddly pleasing, about Rules Don't Apply is that it doesn't come across as one of those long-gestating dream projects that, when it finally ends up onscreen, often seems well past its expiration date... it's disarmingly light.
It's a mess, but a glorious one, and it's so clearly the expression of one artist's vision.
A movie about an erratic billionaire might not be everybody's idea of escapism these days. But Warren Beatty's "Rules Don't Apply," in which Beatty plays the legendary eccentric Howard Hughes, is a real kick.
Evocatively lensed but clumsily staged, this is a movie at war with itself, although it's not until Beatty shows up as eccentric billionaire Hughes, about 30 minutes in and shrouded in half-light, that the battle is apparent.
Much of the movie is charming and funny, but by the end it feels elusive, particularly when trying to figure where Beatty is going with this pet project.
There's a boyish charm to Beatty's performance, and the film maintains a whimsical, lightly zany tone throughout.
If "Rules Don't Apply" is a comedy, why aren't we laughing? If it's a romance, why don't we feel something? If it's a tragedy, why don't we care?
If this is Beatty's finale, as some suggest, he's going out on a high note - higher than the likes of Charlie Chaplin, Stanley Kubrick and Alfred Hitchcock.
Beatty's long layoff has Rules Don't Apply landing with a thud like Hughes' famed "Spruce Goose".
Rules Don't Apply is a Warren Beatty movie. It seduces our delight, not bludgeons us with it.
There are intriguing elements here, expertly made. Beatty is always fascinating to watch. But "Rules Don't Apply" needed a few more rules applied if it were to fully succeed.
Rules Don't Apply is hugely imperfect and, oddly, seems to be illustrating elements of Beatty's real life and personality through all the main characters. But there's no question that it's entertaining.
Just like the Spruce Goose, the Beatty film is beautiful when it lifts off, but it fails to soar.
It breaks my heart to say so, but this is terrible.
It may be hyperbolic to describe Warren Beatty's Howard Hughes movie, "Rules Don't Apply," as a screwball "Citizen Kane." But that's what it feels like.
Despite moments of emotional strength and bursts of quirky comedy, the film is undone by its generally lethargic tone and the film's insistence to shift its focus from the putative lead characters to a supporting player ...
Rules Don't Apply is a big, cuddly Hollywood screwball comedy with a cup of romance and a dash of heart.
There's a gulf between Hughes as we know him and Hughes as Beatty portrays him, and once you get past the sugarcoating, the rest of this film is more bitter than sweet.
None of the visual flourishes can make up for the way the story sags in its final stretch.
Beatty is so good at playing mental illness - he's even better here than he was in "Bugsy" - that he saves the movie. But no amount of flash and dazzle can quite quell the disappointment that comes of a story that begins promisingly and then derails.
The precisely calibrated chaos of Beatty's film begins with a slow burn as a captivating romance, follows mounting momentum into delirious lunacy and ends with a touch of existential sadness.
One hot, frantic mess... a cautionary tale about the seductive nature of money and power, and the consequences of entering into an abusive relationship with a mentally ill person for the sake of getting ahead.
This is Beatty's first film in 15 years, a project he's been working on for 40 years, and it's immensely pleasing to see him in such fine form.
A mostly enjoyable lark-a character study of a real character, whom Beatty plays to the hilt, with a dash of secondary romance...it has an old-fashioned, shuffling charm that wins you over in the end.
Rules Don't Apply is a clumsy and tonally uneven period piece... that suggests Beatty should have stuck to retirement.
Like Hughes' Spruce Goose, Beatty's movie is a big, cumbersome, well-intentioned project that just gets off the ground but never really soars.
This is not a well-made film but it is an enjoyable one, in part because it's genuinely unpredictable and in part because it's a pleasure to see one of the great stars of his era on a movie screen once more.
Beatty's first directing effort in 20 years is so self-serving and half-baked it could have been made by Hughes himself.
Aside from Beatty's performance, the only consistent thing the movie has going for it is ineffable strangeness; it seems to be trapped at the bottom of the chasm that separates its subversive aims from its nostalgic pursuits.
It's not without its charms, but there aren't enough of them and they don't readily cohere.
An old story, indifferently told here.
A solid if unspectacular effort, though Beatty smartly takes a supporting role to the youngsters by playing the kookily eccentric Hughes.
It's many years in the making, brings together a who's who list of on-and-offscreen talent, looks gorgeous -- and still feels strangely uneven... But if you can get over that, it's undeniably entertaining and at times, even quirkily mesmerizing.
It offers untold grist for Golden Age Hollywood fanatics, but it might work better as a madcap, breakneck office comedy, one where the boss just happens to be Howard Hughes.
Beatty's choices as an actor, his adoption of a bunch of ticks to reveal his take on the recluse, are rather delightful. You get to know this guy, how he reacts to stuff, and what is likely going on inside his odd brain.
A small-scale, lovingly filmed study of the blossoming romance between two fictional show-business newbies ...
A wildly scattershot comedy filled with bright moments that never cohere.
After waiting this long for new Beatty, it gives me no pleasure to report 'Rules Don't Apply' is not terribly good. But, as is so often the case with gifted filmmakers, it's not terribly good in some really fascinating ways
The film's intertwined plots -- Hughes' descent into dementia and the relationship between Marla and Frank -- are equally interesting, due to strong performances by Beatty, Collins and Ehrenreich.
"Rules Don't Apply" is messy work, but it's also distinctive, carrying the unmistakable Beatty energy that once beguiled audiences everywhere.
Sometimes overstuffed and sometimes underdeveloped, it is a curio that means it never becomes a must see movie and instead sits comfortably in the watchable zone.
Warren Beatty's portrayal of Howard Hughes has the overly polished feel of an anecdote that's been told too often.
This romantic comedy-drama is, by turns, fizzy and melancholy, nostalgic and clear-eyed, but it never builds to anything especially substantial.
Made me lament all the characters Warren Beatty could have played in the last 15 years but did not.
Rules Don't Apply, as handsomely shot and as screwball enjoyable as it is at times, shows that Beatty's revolutionary streak is currently out of touch with our times. The tone is all off due to this age difference and how it forces Beatty to play Hughes.
Hughes has seen his fair share of dramatizations on film, but Beatty delivers a fresh, idiosyncratic take, about the figure and the people in his orbit of oddity.
It doesn't make sense as a comedy, it doesn't quite work as a drama, and it doesn't follow the typical roadmap of a biopic, but Rules Don't Apply is strangely compelling nonetheless.
Beatty is a force to be reckoned with as Hughes. His portrayal is incredibly nuanced, formidable and slightly tragic.
A totally entertaining and immersive film.
As passion projects go, this one's disarmingly slight in its ambitions, the opposite of Hughes' legacy in every way.
Warren Beatty's Howard Hughes retrospective, Rules Don't Apply, is equally tone-deaf in humor and drama, cobbled together in ways that never seem to fit.
It simply reminds us of [Beatty's] onscreen charisma and endearing humor, his handle of Hughes' descent into eccentricity and insanity proving memorably entertaining.
[It's] a feast of everything Warren: wise, confused, complicated, astute about cultural history, overindulgent, politically and sexually incorrect and an old school, high-quality production of the sort we almost never see anymore.
Despite excellent performances, the movie lacks cohesion and focus.
Beatty's made an entertaining film. It's not REDS, but it doesn't try to be. RULES DON'T APPLY proves that the man they used to call "The Pro" hasn't lost his touch.
Beatty tries to give us a movie as wildly eccentric and asymmetrical as the man himself, but he's concocted a random romantic farce that isn't romantic or particularly farcical.
Chemistry between the talented Alden Ehrenreich and Lily Collins tends to overshadow Warren Beatty's Howard Hughes in Rules Don't Apply.
A fitfully funny quasi-farce that takes off promisingly, loses its way mid-flight and comes in for a bumpy but safe landing.
Hughes hides ... until nearly 25 minutes into the picture, though the character can't help but commandeer our attention from that point on, especially amid the vanilla pudding that serves as the rest of the plot.
Warren Beatty's having as much fun in this movie as he had in "Shampoo" 41 years ago.
The Marla-Frank story is quite lovely, and the tale of Hughes in his later years is a potentially fascinating one. Unfortunately, the screenplay of "Rules Don't Apply" never quite figures out how to make the two coexist.
If its somewhat unfocused narrative comes at the cost at a picture that could be more cohesive and concise, it still gifts viewers with characters and an era that's entertaining to explore.

@highlight

With Rules Don't Apply , Warren Beatty takes an overall affable -- but undeniably slight -- look at a corner of old Hollywood under Howard Hughes' distinctive shadow.