Most of the characters are well-written and nuanced.
A significant step backward for those movie making preachers at Sherwood...
Nicely produced, but the converted are more likely to be impressed than the skeptical.
Dares to preach its highly controversial message in order to inspire the faithful while risking the ire of critics and non-believers. Its message? Fathers, man up.
Despite violence, Christian fatherhood drama is uplifting.
Yeah, it's still a preach-to-the-choir movie, but this choir doesn't really see itself on the big screen very often, so don't begrudge them a film where the action hero cop stops and prays for guidance before big gun battle. It happens.
Sadly, this particular Gospel is not very good.
It takes a certain touch to pull it off, and here, the serviceable cast just doesn't have it in them.
The many topics raised - gangs, drugs, immigration, absentee parents, poverty - are examined with didacticism and platitudes instead of by mining their inherent complexities.
Overplotted and understructured, "Courageous" is a slog to get through at 130 minutes.
Devolves into over-the-top drama and a suffocating heavy-handedness.
Fails to answer the more pressing question of why religious sagas such as this treat subtlety as a sin.
Courageous literally preaches to the converted, delivering ham-fisted messages of responsibility to the most receptive audience possible.
Profound without being preachy, "Courageous" never forgets to entertain
It has some occasional rough acting, is too episodic for its own good, and could have been trimmed by a good 30 minutes. Even so, it's the group's most accomplished offering to date and that's saying something. (Movie Review for Parents also available)
The performances are effective all around with director Kendrick quite moving in the central role of Adam, the veteran officer, who suffers a horrific family tragedy that sets much of the film's plot in motion.
Praise be to Courageous for being upfront.
A valiant effort, but Courageous is such a clumsy motion picture, incapable of delivering its critical messages without displaying some of the most cringe-inducing filmmaking of the year.
If you have a tendency to nod off during sermons, Courageous has a cure for that -- a noisy last act gun-battle with drug dealers that's primetime ready.
While the film's church-based roots and the tendency toward didactic, schematic storytelling are still in evidence, Courageous is [Sherwood's] most ambitious and watchable film to date.
Like a pastor so caught up in the moment that he can't see that the air conditioning has given out and the congregation wants to go home, the film travels far beyond its dramatic climax, aiming for an altar call finale.

@highlight

While the filmmaking is fairly competent, Courageous is overall worthless to anybody who doesn't subscribe to its dogmatic agenda.