Nothing about Palindromes is easy to resolve. This should come as great news for fans of Todd Solondz.
There's pointed fatalism and indictments of middle-class superiority, but Solondz, ever the outsider, never loses affection for his misfits or stoops to passing judgment on their motivations. Love or hate him, he's vital.
"Palindromes" is a sloppy and muddy film that uses the shock value of seeing adult men humping numerous underage girls as its recurring visual device inscrutably linked to an unclear abortion issue theme.
A bizarre but brilliant headscratcher!
Certainly a unique vision for a filmmaker, this is not a flick for everyone. Stick with it, however, and you just may thoroughly enjoy what is at the heart an incredibly sweet tale.
The director's latest trek into the lunatic void, of what can best be described as the cinematic version of clinical depression.
...captures the shifting identity of adolescence, where one day you feel like a glamorous adult, others like a scared child, others still like a grotesquely overweight misfit.
potentially decent film buried under the thick layers of misanthropy
OK, I'll admit it: I've next to no idea what to make of Palindromes, and you know what? I doubt the filmmaker would have a problem with me owning up to it.
Most demanding.
For all its pompous attempts at seriousness and emotional depth, Palindromes is actually a remarkably shallow affair.
Aviva...in all her permutations, may as well be a bug under the director's microscope.
[Director Todd] Solondz simply pukes all over the American landscape and all its inhabitants in a nihilistic cinematic chunder...
Underdeveloped and uneven yet oddly watchable, the gimmicky "Palindromes" once again cements the conceit that nobody makes films quite like Todd Solondz.
Todd Solondz's latest provocation is Palindromes, yet another uncomfortable fable of suburban dysfunction, puberty, and statutory rape.
Solondz's masterstroke is to have the girl, Aviva, played by eight different actors of varying ages, sizes and races -- a move that should decimate the film's narrative coherence but instead ups its allegorical value immeasurably.
Subversive by reputation, Solondz is an acquired taste on his best day, and he's just all over the place with this one. Unpleasantly so.
...his most political film to date, yet any commentary Solondz tries to make becomes muddled amid all the depressing weirdness.
As long as we're trying Michael Jackson in a court of law, why can't we thrown in Todd Solondz as a co-defendent?
It's a film with a purpose that I admire a great deal.
[If Solondz isn't] having fun relating Aviva's determinedly depressive misadventures then what has he invited us into the theater for?
Mildly interesting, but it examines humanity's hypocrisy and stupidity in not nearly so amusing a fashion as Solondz has done before.
Caricature posing as poetic license.
My best guess is that Solondz wanted to see how far he could distance himself from convention and still hold an audience. Then he went several steps further.
Solondz' storytelling is both masterful and distressingly nihilistic, resulting in a movie that one can simultaneously admire and despise.
The movie's oppressive atmosphere of flatly rendered, all-consuming determinism leaves it sparkless, pointless and ultimately not very funny.
As much as Solondz's methodology may perplex us, you can't shake the feeling that something important is going on here, percolating between the waves of satire and outrageousness.
We don't think we understood it. And that's after two viewings, just to be on the safe side.
In its own peculiar way, it is a more compassionate and useful religious document than Mel Gibson's The Passion of the Christ.
Solondz's satiric targets are obvious but his intentions are mysterious -- possibly even to the filmmaker himself.
Solondz's first spiritual film.
Solondz may want to universalize Aviva, but too much of this film seems to come only from the Solondz universe, in which he looks down on all of us as gullible cretins.
A mostly uncomfortable experience that doesn't carry a compensating degree of insight or impact.
It's a film that demands you get deep inside its troubled heroine's psyche by continually yanking the rug out from under you with her inconsistent outward appearance.
Beating up the viewer with grotesquerie is a worthy goal only when there's a point to it, such as self-examination.
Let the discomfort commence.
Palindromes" isn't a wise movie, or a particularly true movie, but it's an honest one and a singular experience.
There isn't a single happy moment to rest upon.
Not much more than trickery and artifice, and not worth the death of dear, departed Dawn.
An intellectually satisfying puzzle.
Palindromes, for all its experimental verve-played out in a deliberate affectless style that becomes its own strange affect-cancels itself out.
A squirmer of a movie.
He has a vision. No question about that. But in the end, he leaves us wondering why we should share it.
Aviva ... learns that everything and everyone sucks. Which we've already learned if we've watched any of Solondz's other movies.
It's a more challenging trek, but well worth it for some.
Indie filmmaker Todd Solondz deserves credit for thinking outside the box and challenging his audience. But this time, he steps over the line that distinguishes challenging from confusing.
Unlike anything you've seen at the movies. Plus, the picture is often redeemed by the director's daunting intelligence and pitch-black humor.
The characters in Solondz films spend their entire existences in that uncomfortable split second, and his unique achievement is that, for 90 minutes or so, he makes us exist right there with them.
A film desperately trying to distract you from how little there is behind it.
The confusion mounts along with Solondz's bubbling satire of the dark corners of humanity.
Beyond the discombobulating abstract symbolism the story finds its footing.
There are no characters, only types, and Solondz doesn't seem to have affection for any of them.
For a filmmaker supposedly aligning himself with the freaks and geeks of this world, Solondz appears dead set on making bullies of us all.
Taken as a series of shorts, Palindromes offers many pleasures.
Not beneath contempt -- but definitely at the same level as contempt.
Todd Solenz continues to march to his own tune and it may be a discordant one to many.
Solondz presents his characters as such exaggerated monsters that they don't resemble human beings as much as helplessly squirming specimens under his poison-tipped probe.
It's just shock for shock's sake. It doesn't linger in the imagination the way, say, David Lynch's shocking content often does; rather, you just want it to go away.
I think because his provocations are so oppressively over the top (under the bottom?) -- he's the Michael Bay of pessimism. His flesh-eating/molester narratives prompt mainly fatigue, and if we avert our eyes, it is to check our watch.
If you don't want your deepest convictions about adolescence, motherhood, and the abortion wars raked over the coals, you should probably stay home.
No comic filmmaker in America today works so hard to stay on the knife's edge between humor and pathos or is so eager to challenge his viewers emotionally.
Solondz's steadfast devotion to shock value is both juvenile and wearying.
Too often Solondz mistakes contradiction for complexity in his efforts to prod viewers into a reaction.... Yet his satirical lobs hit the mark enough to be taken seriously...
You do not emerge untouched from a Solondz film. You may hate it, but you have seen it, and in a strange way it has seen you.
For those willing to take it, Palindromes has its share of backhanded rewards.
The most misanthropic, depressing, hopeless film in memory.
I still don't like it much, but I respect it --because it's the kind of film most American filmmakers won't make, bristling with the kind of issues and questions they hesitate to face.
Unless Solondz can break out of this freakish rut he's created for himself, he may become the directorial equivalent of a palindrome himself.
Solondz likes to put the screws to moral hypocrisy. As always, he goes too far. As always, you don't want to look away.
As amusing as lung cancer.
I'm still sorting it all out, but if a work of art has this much of a lasting impact, I want you to see it -- if only so we can compare notes. Thumbs up for this unique, creepy, confusing, disturbing film.
Take away the subversive hilarity of his movies, and [Solondz] could well be the cinematic equivalent of the Unabomber.
Palindromes is Todd Solondz's first significant cinematic failure, a pitch-black fable twice as shallow and trite as it is intriguing.
Solondz isn't just smart, but singularly brilliant at pinpointing the way inner neuroses and insecurities are as much a constant in life as exterior joys and tragedies
It's a mean-spirited and obvious excuse to wallow in physical and moral ugliness no matter how you look at it.
Remarkably, Solondz gets a consistent character out of the numerous players. Still, the weirdness of the presentation blunts her trauma, and for the first time in a Solondz film, the movie's as well.
There may not be a more troubled filmmaker in the world today who isn't taping beheadings for Islamic Jihad.
Forward or backward, the multi-actor device spoils the chance for this to mean anything except a failed experiment that has nothing to say.
What could have been Solondz's most complex and challenging film winds up being a bit on the flat side.
Solondz secures sincere performances from his able cast, and no one can accuse him of pulling his punches.
While not as perversely enjoyable as his sophomore masterpiece... "Palindromes" nonetheless serves up experimental, thought-provoking fare with a side of queasy comedy
As depressing as it is hard to watch, Palindromes is also consistently, horrifyingly funny and sharp-witted.
It should be said that Solondz is an equal-opportunity misanthrope, mocking the garishly insensitive rah-rah-abortion mom, the thoughtlessly fanatical opposition, and everyone in between.
...this time around there's not even much humor to keep the onscreen misery tolerable.
[A] triumph of Solondz's bleak fatalism over his heroine's ingenuously American insistence on the possibility of happiness.
With his sense of predestination, [director] Solondz is like the Sam Shepard of sterile suburban strip malls.
Solondz's use of 8 characters to portray one person distances us emotionally.
I would like Palindromes a lot better if I thought Solondz were actually satirizing something.
That rare event: a memorable provocation.
As intelligent as tacks in Jell-O, and likely as painful to swallow.
Solondz has said he wanted to play with conventions of audience identification and sympathy, but the whole gimmick is about as playful as a bucket of water poised over the theater door.
There is simply no way to get or stay involved in a movie when the main character has more physical forms than Count Dracula, especially when most of the amateur actors assuming the role cannot act at all.
[Solondz] is a blazing original (despite his bland settings), he has a carefully considered point (despairing as it is) and he never denies humanity to even stupid or despicable characters.
However brazenly it challenges audience expectations, Palindromes contributes little to such dialogue except more unfocused rancor.
Worthless... another steaming, audience-flattering load of snickering misanthropy and pointless provocations from the increasingly irrelevant Todd Solondz.
Is Solondz a moralist or a misanthrope, or both? Does he hold his characters or his audience in greater contempt?
A shallow, transparent satire/social commentary, Palindromes lives and dies on a gimmick.
The weakest and most problematic of Todd Solondz's films, Palindromes continues his exploration of suburban anomie, again and again centering on social misfits.
Solondz captures some recognizable adolescent attitudes. Along the way, he also doles out dollops of tenderness and spoonfuls of humor that will have his fans laughing, even if a tad uncomfortably.
You wind up savoring the discomfort.
Trying to find something positive in this film is like jumping into a public toilet and hoping to discover the Hope Diamond.
Palindromes reeks of Solondz's trademark nastiness, reveling in a childish ability to shock the viewer. It all adds up to a painfully dull, slipshod and pointless portrait of America.
Solondz continues ... to venture into more surreal, twisted territory with his intelligent but often baffling approach to storytelling.
The real problem, it seems to me, is not that Mr. Solondz goes too far, but that he seems to have no particular direction in mind, no artistic interest beyond the limitless ugliness of humanity.
It's not easy to keep your soul alive in a world of abortions, suburban anomie, sexual predators, and wayward Christians willing to kill in the name of the unborn.
Solondz fancies himself a spokesman for the socially oppressed but does to celluloid what future serial killers of the world do to butterfly wings.
another hour and 40 minutes of hatred for the world and everyone in it
...positive aspects are undermined by the bizarre rotating-actresses gimmick, which makes it impossible for the viewer to ever connect with [the central character].
An intentionally awkward masterpiece.
For all its temerity, Palindromes fatally lets Solondz's reputation precede it
A boldly intriguing if not entirely satisfying subversion of American family values.
Doesn't seem to know if it's coming or going.







@highlight

Unique but cold.