A movie that turns a trip to the beach into a cruel metaphor about maturity without losing its sense of humor. [Full review in Spanish]
[An] unpleasant, unfunny experience with nothing fresh or insightful to say.
Fort Tilden is all the hipster satire you can handle, and maybe more.
Initially, you may want to skip Allie and Harper, but they get steadily more interesting as their frazzled road trip inches them ever closer to the beach.
Tucked in among the longueurs are moments of savage satirical virtuosity that pinion the zeitgeist.
There's just enough sympathetic vibration in these two to keep us hooked on their bizarre, rambling quest.
A story with a distinctive New York sensibility, filled with all kinds of strange urban creatures who are variously self-involved, superficial, rude and/or downright nasty.
These characters aren't just unprepared for the beach, but for adult life, which makes for a complicated, surprisingly bittersweet comedy.
Fort Tilden's quite charming, though filmmakers Sarah-Violet Bliss and Charles Rogers never let their charmless subjects... gain too much of their audience's sympathy.
I spent a lot of time throughout the duration of this film actively hating the two lead characters... However, there is a skill behind the camera and a self-awareness in the script that carries the more frustrating aspects.
Elliot and McNulty take being vapid to new and fascinating levels.
Wickedly amusing, Fort Tilden is like a darkly comic adaptation of those hand-wringing articles about how millennials are so coddled they can't hack it in the real world.
With "Fort Tilden," writer-directors Sarah-Violet Bliss and Charles Rogers have created two women who are drawn so vividly and so viciously, they're hard to dismiss.
The leads, Bridey Elliott and Clare McNulty, immediately bond on screen selling themselves credibly as best friends. And their amusing and telling banter contains a colorful shorthand that most anyone with a best friend will immediately pick up on.
"Fort Tilden" is cringe-worthy but true. Maybe that's why it's so uncomfortable to watch.
Rarely has a movie so humorously illustrated the meaning of "frenemy."
It's a solid first effort, but it will be even more interesting to see what these two can do next.
Seeing these two lost girls brought face to face with their own inadequacies and forced to grow up a little bit makes this a satisfying little film.
The near-miracle that 2014 SXSW prize-winner "Fort Tilden" pulls off is eventually making [its central] familiar and easily hateable pair into nuanced, melancholic and disastrously overcompensating individuals worth getting to know.
Allie and Harper are basically unlikable, but played with a light touch and just enough distance from their own unthinking cruelty to remain funny.
It's a simple set-up fraught with promise, but each funny bit points to bigger blown opportunities.
For all its exquisite theater-of-cruelty viciousness, Fort Tilden is finally a work of empathy about people whose own supplies are running on empty.
It elegantly evolves from an absurdist comedy into a remarkably wounded and uprooted story of friends who're beginning to tire of their shared social cocoons.
The movie is broad and mean and for a while very funny, but even when it goes sour - when the world slaps them in the face for their sins - it doesn't lose its momentum.
Fort Tilden, the debut feature co-written and directed by Sarah-Violet Bliss and Charles Rogers, showcases a satirical voice so dyspeptic it's almost endearing.
Unfortunately, it fails to find much humor in them, and its potent sense of place and underlying ideas never compensate for the tiresome millennial musings that constitute most of its runtime.
Cruel dialogue in youngster hip-speak and a terrific soundtrack keep this light, while cinematography by Brian Lannin takes us right into that hot, hassled summer day.
Watching Fort Tilden, one can feel trapped in the redundant cycle of their lives even while laughing at its crass extremes.
There are some similarities to the perpetual failings of the characters in Frances Ha, and this movie equally fails to charm.
Co-writer/directors Bliss and Rogers thread the navel-gazing needle with remarkable wit, as if channeling Sofia Coppola's After Hours.

@highlight

Difficult to watch but ultimately all the more rewarding for it, Fort Tilden offers an intriguing calling card for writer-directors Sarah-Violet Bliss and Charles Rogers.