New Bohemian lifestyle: good, bad, or neutral?
This documentary about a famous family of nomadic surfers is fascinating not only because of the certifiable oddball patriarch, but also because of his endlessly creative offspring.
The fallout decades later provides the drama in this documentary by Doug Pray, who lets his eccentric octogenarian subject off a little too easy.
Intriguing family story of the sunny and dark sides of extreme home-schooling by surfing, through a trove of photos, home movies, and reminiscences, but little insight.
Surfwise will make you hug your parents a little harder the next time you see them.
Provocative but even-handed subculture lifestyle film.
Doug Pray, has made a fascinating look at a man who not only was a great revolutionary, but a pure human being.
Pray's fast-paced editing matches the Paskowitzes' rootless existence, though at times it's difficult to keep track of who's who.
The most fascinating parts of the movie explore how the Paskowitz children -- who are now in their 30s and 40s -- continue to adjust to a more 'normal' lifestyle.
A provocative documentary about a man who dropped out to follow a dream that gradually evolved into something not unlike a nightmare.
Not just the story of one man's obsessive quest to find harmony on a plank of wood, Surfwise offers a cautionary tale about parenting, homeschooling (camper-schooling, actually), sibling rivalries and family sacrifice.
Surfwise is a graceful, searching film that seems to have missed no opportunity to reveal truths about parents and children and how they come to understand each other.
The film's director, Doug Pray, has been able to track down each and every Paskowitz child, and he weaves their memories together with old home movies, still photos and news clippings to create an evocative portrait of their lives.
A riveting documentary that focuses more on weird family dynamics than big waves.
Some documentarians think like essayists, propagandists, abstract painters, or magazine reporters. Doug Pray approaches his documentaries as though he's writing books.
The unorthodox upbringing of the Paskowitz clan is the subject of Surfwise, the story of a family who lived on the road, camped at the beachfront and fashioned its own vanguard version of 1960s-'70s alternative lifestyles.
...captures both the lure of the proto-hippie life and the often unresolved tensions...
Surfwise spills the gripes, the frustrations and the pain onto the screen like damaged driftwood finally feeling the steadiness of shore after a long, stormy voyage at sea.
There are too many unanswered questions and a suspicious forced happy ending, but Surfwise is still a fascinatingly voyeuristic and emotionally powerful movie.
In the end, Surfwise is a fascinating portrait of a family that manages to be both radical and conventional, divided but still tightly bound by blood.
[Director] Pray backs away from the unpleasant stuff rather quickly, which seems a little disingenuous. But he's got a great subject, and when he's riding it at full throttle the film is absolutely charming.
Having previously dug into Seattle grunge (1996's Hype!) and hip-hop scratch (2001's Scratch), filmmaker Pray continues his subculture-immersion studies in this revealing portrait of Dorian 'Doc' Paskowitz.
It's a complex and conflicted look at a family, torn apart by rifts and yet still bonded by love.
[Filmmaker Doug Pray] does an admirable job of allowing his subjects to represent themselves.
The story is essentially Doc's, but the more compelling aspect of Surfwise is the obvious question: Are the kids dysfunctional or what?
An honest look at a complicated human situation,... it turns out to be a darker film than might be expected.
The movie feels exhaustive in its loaded 90-something minutes, showing and telling us much while leaving the meaning of the tangles and twists in this family open to interpretation. For once, the tip of the iceberg is enough.
Okay, you think your family is meshuggah? Just meet the Paskowitz clan.
Dr. Dorian Paskowitz, his wife Juliette and their nine children are perfect subjects for a documentary, and Surfwise does them justice.
A mesmerizingly ambivalent documentary about an itinerant family of Jewish surfer-dude health nuts.
Documentarian Doug Pray ("Scratch") connects the narrative dots between the Paskowitz's nine children that survived their unconventional upbringing with varying degrees of success. You have to see this unusual story to believe it.
Surfwise has a bohemian vibe and a cool sheen, but it's an eager-to-please, pleasing commercial enterprise with a reassuring narrative arc.
Few documentaries parse the complexities of family dynamics so effectively.
What kid wouldn't want to spend every day at the beach instead of in school? Well, Doug Pray's absorbing new documentary suggests that no dream is as ideal as it may seem.
Surfwise tries to separate itself from the fray of political documentaries by not taking itself too seriously.
When so many documentaries today seem concerned only with arguing a point, it's nice to see something like this which seeks only to reveal.
By no means 'just another surfing doc,' as it offers an in-depth look at alternative parenting that raises many questions, like how the Paskowitzes were able to ward off the truant officers for so many years.
(Surfwise) delivers facts with fanciful shading, sequences that explain the lure of the ocean with images of the vast waves washing over their would-be conquerors.
Surfwise is a captivating documentary highlighted by some significant scenes of naked confession and an overall portrait of misplaced intelligence...a powerful document of familial agitation and disillusionment.
An intriguing docu about the psycho-social dynamics of one Jewish family that challenges our notions about basic American tenets, such as passion and obsession, professionalism and monetary success, normalcy and deviance, fun and responsibility.
A fascinating, thought-provoking film.
A doctor who does not care about money or status? Must be one-of-a-kind, and this documentary does him justice.




@highlight

An intriguing account of a unique family.