By the end, the film degenerates into wishy-washy relativism of the school that says "the only thing that matters is what you believe", a real cop-out after the hectic Grail quest preceding it.
The exposition is actually the best and most valuable part of the film
Too meekly middlebrow to really affront
What seems credible on page is ludicrous in action.
So intent on being faithful, The DaVinci Code forgets to be entertaining.
Any movie with a skulking albino assassin begs for campy, self-aware treatment, but Howard and scripter Akiva Goldsman serve it all up straight-faced.
Who knows whether Dan Brown was motivated by a distaste for Catholicism or merely by money? Regardless, it seems dishonest for him to foist his debunked heresies on the gullible, unsuspecting public as if they're the God's honest truth.
A great film to look at and Salvatore Totino's cinematography is pitch-perfect.
A mystery thriller that entertains.
Whatever your beliefs, "The Da Vinci Code" is a film to be seen and, more importantly, discussed.
They make fun of you for watching their movies, and still they get paid!
If you want an entertaining yarn about the Knights Templar, historical secrets, and cryptic codes hidden in famous documents and artifacts, go rent National Treasure.
Does what a good film adaptation should do: Illustrate the best parts of its source material and still manage to make a highly enjoyable film for the uninitiated.
The movie version is so faithful to Dan Brown's hit book it should come with a dust jacket ...
If you want a taut adventure story, read the book. If you want a simiplistic tale with average performances and irritating alterations to the source material, watch the movie.
It would have taken a more imaginative approach and vision not within the reach of Howard and Goldsman to make the material come alive as a movie.
Completing the trail of cryptic clues simply becomes an end in and of itself -- think Sudoku: The Movie -- with little in the way of whimsy, star chemistry or excitement to enliven the dour plod.
Even as a visual aid, The Da Vinci Code is a deep-dyed disappointment. Paris by night never looked murkier.
It still had the necessary element of Encyclopedia Brown cerebellus-ex-machina, but it was visually interesting and didn't slow down the action with book-digging%u2026they made the film well, they just took the path of least resistance, and for that I can
Some protesters believe that if you see this film, you'll go to Hell. They got it backwards. I think if you go to Hell, you'll probably see this film while you're there.
Over the course of two and one-half hours, the film unfolds in a series of dull and unengaging episodes.
If you take this stuff seriously, one way or another, you're sure to be duped. You've got to hand it to Mr. Brown: So dark the con of man, indeed.
The movie was, simply, a disaster. I didn't care about the characters. I swerved between being overwhelmed by the endless expositional dialogue and shocked by how obvious certain story choices were.
For once we have a thriller that is 90% idea and 10% action rather than the other way around.
Like a revved-up show and tell: call it show and tell and tell again.
The book kept you breathless; the movie makes you restless.
Feels far more like TV fodder than something worthy of the big screen. The plot is intriguing and the acting pretty good, but the final finish is lackluster.
Clipped at the wings in Howard's adaptation is a rich pagaent of esoteric knowledge and French history. Beneath every calling card is a better, truer story... the information is out there in the public domain for modern tropes, however twisted.
So Dan Brown isn't Umberto Eco, and The Da Vinci Code can't hold a rosebud to Citizen Kane. Howard still plays by the book closely enough to entertain fans and the uninitiated alike.
The Da Vinci Code succeeds as a popcorn film.
Heaven help me, I can't resist spilling the beans of Brown's hysterical heretical history: It was Professor Plum in the Vatican Library with a lead chalice.
SuDoku: The Movie.
Director Ron Howard and screenwriter Akiva Goldsman have remained profoundly faithful to the text, though it's harder for them to recapture the summer-beach feel of the book.
McKellen's character tells them 'you two are anything but dull.' Alas, the same can't be said about the film.
... it is fun to imagine that there is a thread of truth to The Da Vinci Code's speculation about a conspiracy to conceal the true role of women in Christianity ...
You'd think director Ron Howard would remember that film is supposed to be a visual medium, but the inert Code has less dynamic content than a Sunday-school filmstrip.
...only occasionally reaches the level of uninspired competence and almost never soars above.
Un thriller menor que probablemente aburrirá a quienes hayan leído la novela y aturdirá con su confusa trama a quienes no sepan nada de la historia.
... a first-rate thriller ...
On its own cinematic terms, it's a moderately entertaining ride, sort of like the Nicolas Cage hit National Treasure only done with more style and a more respectable cast.
I never found it dull. It's often preposterous -- yes, a fast-driving psychotic albino monk would be my first choice for an inconspicuous assassin -- but rarely boring.
If only it were allowed to be merely a cheesy romp, an Indy Jones movie with more sophisticated stereotypes and far less humor. But apparently this is no mere pop novel-turned-high-hat megaplex product.
What's wrong with The Da Vinci Code can be summed up in one word: everything!
I won't go so far as to recommend it, and I can't imagine ever wanting to see it again.
Hanks' Harvard symbologist alter ego is about as bland as a bowl of cold oatmeal, but it's not his fault %u2013 he's given less dialogue to work with than a Cirque de Soleil mime.
Fast food that doesn't taste fast.
The Da Vinci Code is baloney, but as a film, I have to admit that it's entertaining baloney.
No, it's not as bad as you've heard. It's worse.
Indeed, everything about The Da Vinci Code is insular and insipid. Somewhere inside this creaky, crappy film is a real adventure romp waiting to be revealed.
A bad adaptation of an okay book
Frankly, it's a stinker.
The Catholic Church has nothing to fear from this film. It is not just tripe. It is self-evident, spirit-lowering tripe that could not conceivably cause a single member of the flock to turn aside from the faith.
The Da Vinci Code is Exhibit A in how things that work on the page don't always translate on-screen.
Dull Vinci Bore
That the film was released during the summer blockbuster movie season should give audiences a solid idea of what to expect--a glossy movie first, a provocative hypothesis on the roots of Christianity second.
On balance, I was far less involved with the movie than I was with its source, but appreciate the effort to decode the book much more than I'm inclined to deride it.
A faithful, slightly mechanical rendering of Brown's theological thriller -- yet due to its incendiary content, the film is engaging enough.
Duh Vinci Code is brain-free summertime escapism.
There, I've said it --- I liked "The Da Vinci Code".
It is a satisfying movie going experience that will ensure Mona Lisa is still smiling after the box office receipts are in.
If you enjoyed the book I don't see how you could fail to enjoy the movie.
There is a natural limit as to how deeply any film, but especially a would-be summer blockbuster, can dig into radical ideas of faith and history. To his credit, Ron Howard hits that limit.
Unlike Da Vinci, this is not a masterpiece.
The greatest threat that Dan Brown's novel, and now Ron Howard's film of the same, poses to spirituality is the same threat that any bad art presents the human soul.
Gutless.
How dark the con of Ron - The Da Vinci Code plays sort of like National Treasure with any sense of fun sucked out of it.
Some of my best friends have read and enjoyed The DaVinci Code, and I will do my best not to hold that against them.
It's sad to see Hanks, who usually tackles any role with such earnest enthusiasm, phoning it in, though I suppose it's to his credit that he can't quite seem to take Langdon seriously.
An out of sorts Howard transforms what should be a fun treasure trail romp into something inert and borderline dreary.
Suffice it to say that this film isn't as bad as it is simply dopey and dull, and that nothing I or any other critic says will dissuade millions from seeing it anyway.
Judging by the cinematic results, Dan Brown's mega-best-seller is one of those books that should have remained on the printed page.
Por que assumir um projeto que se tornou célebre justamente por despertar uma enorme polêmica se você não terá coragem de abraçá-la?
No audience member left behind. Asleep maybe, but not behind.
...sporadically engaging but mostly dull...
There are moments when this film, like Tom Hanks' hair, laid there like a limp noodle. Is this film, at times, pretentious, overlong, and boring? God yes. But it's also intriguing, suspenseful, and engrossing. I was sucked in.
Da Vinci tis sure to stir up a big ol' nest of locus-n-controversy. But it's a helluva film!
A stirring and ambitious ad for the book.
Where's Ed Harris when you need him?
It fells a little silly to watch movie stars like Tom Hanks make gee whiz, awestruck pronouncements about the bloodline of Jesus Christ out loud.
The secret is out. The Da Vinci Code is dull.
For all the hype surrounding the film adaptation of Dan Brown's The Da Vinci Code the movie is surprisingly typical.
One could classify The Da Vinci Code as diverting, but it has sidestepped greatness by a wide margin.
Sinister yet only mildly suspenseful, this overly cautious "Code" certainly isn't all it's cracked up to be.
I'll say it: It is anti-Jesus and anti-Catholic. Unintentionally though, it is a recruiting film for Opus Dei. Where do I sign up?
Only Ian McKellan seems to understand the profound silliness of the film in which he finds himself, and he camps it up accordingly; the rest of the cast soldiers grimly through this preposterous, 148-minute marathon looking understandably exhausted.
The Da Vinci Code the movie suffers the sin of being afraid to make the same kind of mischief with its sacred text -- Brown's book -- that the author did with a certain other blockbusting bestseller.
Ron Howard's beautifully framed The Da Vinci Code sticks to author Dan Brown's controversial wild goose-chase thriller pretty religiously.
Ultimately, it's a work of fiction that, translated to another medium, seems to have lost its punch.
DVC is a freakish book and a lavishly ludicrous film, a bouncing mass of high-priced gas given some stability by culture-tour settings (even Isaac Newton's tomb and, of course, the Mona Lisa) and by Hanks' solid, sensible presence.
As well-crafted and engaging a movie as can be expected from its dense and sometimes convoluted source material.
Although it's handsomely produced on a grand scale and solidly acted by an international cast, The Da Vinci Code somehow manages to drain nearly all the intrigue right out of Brown's jigsaw puzzle of a religious conspiracy thriller.
I felt it moved along a little too quickly, as if a tour guide with a pressing dinner reservation was determined to make all the appointed stops, but didn't linger long enough to let the impact soak in.
A thriller that's cautious, dutiful, competent - good enough to make its pile of money, but not bold enough to capture imaginations the way Brown's book did.
Ron Howard doesn't so much solve The Da Vinci Code as preserve it under glass. It's a bloodless best-seller adaptation, competent but uninspiring, rather like the vast bulk of Howard's long filmography.
Director Ron Howard (A Beautiful Mind, Cinderella Man) has reveled in themes of humanity struggling to be great and good. And he finds enough of that idea in The Da Vinci Code to render him reverential.
It is like a cilice itself, confining and constraining the characters, the story and, finally, the audience -- but never drawing blood.
All told, the movie comes off as a too-hurried, too-superficial CliffsNotes reduction of a book that really can't withstand much in the way of simplification.
A film that never rises beyond the workmanlike to the inspired.
... a jigsaw puzzle [that] turns out to be a lot less fun than you hoped it would be when you started piecing it together.
Absent is the pure guilty joy of sequential puzzle-solving; instead of participating in the hunt, we're shoved off to the side as a couple of crashing boors do it for us.
Like a two-bit philosopher working the wrong side of the stone, Howard has managed to turn gold into lead.
On film, The Da Vinci Code is not so much a fascinating puzzle as a prolonged slog through material that resists the screen.
In a marketplace rife with guides for idiots, dummies and the rest of us, this movie stands as the novel's priciest CliffsNotes.
The definitive moment of the movie comes when Ian McKellen actually delves into a lengthy PowerPoint presentation. You would be forgiven for thinking you've somehow slipped into a Columbia Pictures marketing meeting.
The 149-minute film is a crackling rendition of Dan Brown's novel, siphoning off unneeded fat and fancy and leaving us with a streamlined train of a picture that never stops moving.
Despite its two-hour-plus running time, Howard manages to make more sense of it all without dispelling the mystery -- and leaves little time for anyone to ponder any inconsistencies.
As a film derived from a book, The Da Vinci Code isn't a fiasco on the order of The Bonfire of the Vanities nor is it a triumph a la The Lord of the Rings. Instead, it's an acceptable but uninspired simulacrum.
Ideas that are genuinely challenging to people's beliefs don't come from sources like Ron Howard. His movie is a professional, workmanlike effort -- a passable potboiler and not much more.
Only McKellen divines that The Da Vinci Code is supposed to be fun, and his performance becomes an inside joke that leaves McKellen with a smile as enigmatic as the Mona Lisa's.
...the real secret to "The Da Vinci Code" is that there is no secret.
The reality is that the scenario presented here should be a bit of pop entertainment fluff, a fast and furious mystery whose twists and turns are revealed with enthusiastic glee, not with pompous solemnity.
Ian McKellen plays Teabing, the only character in the film worth watching, as if the role was written for him.
Not even Ian McKellan can bring it to life... and when Ian McKellan throws in the towel, you know the difficulties are too large to fix.
Looking for that Holy Grail of blockbuster movies? Keep looking. You won't find it in "The Da Vinci Code," an overblown, bland ghost of the best-seller by Dan Brown.
"The Da Vinci Code" is essentially just another average Hollywood thriller. Nothing more.
A big budget bore.
This flabby and blab-infested movie demonstrates once again why Hollywood should stop trying to adapt international egghead blockbusters -- books about books, or about various sorts of twisty antiquarian arcana -- into films.
Would've worked better as a made-for-TV mini-series.
It's hard to comprehend how a film with so much questioning and answering between characters has less character development than Poseidon.
The Da Vinci Code is exactly the sort of pot-boiling movie the readable but preposterous (and poorly written ) novel deserves.
May not be without faults, including some unlikely action montages and occasional overacting, but boredom is not one of them. This thing is about as dull as street luge.
And Mary Magdelene said unto Jesus, 'What do your parents do?' And Jesus replied 'My mom's a virgin and my dad's handy.' Said Mary, 'If your mom's a virgin he'd better be.'
The movie was NEVER going to be as good as the book and everyone knows it.
That it is risible and dim-witted doesn't make it less disgusting.
falls back on the time-honored Hollywood trick of saying something provocative, then quickly cushioning the statement to tone down its potentially offensive nature.
So, does The Da Vinci Code live up to the hype? Sort of. It's not a terrible film by any stretch, but it's not perfect either.
Where it really goes wrong is in taking itself so darned seriously.
All in all, a respectable and predictable adaptation.
.
Too measured to be lively, too skittish to be provocative, too dramatically slack to be more than a ploddingly literal book-on-film.
the pacing of a Gregorian chant and none of the passion
It is simply one of those movies which may have been made with the best of intentions but tries to appeal to too many people to be remotely interesting.
At least the theological controversy doesn't swamp the fun.
An old-school thriller just as heavy on intellect and thought-provoking ideas as it is on chase sequences and shootouts.
...what reads like a rollercoaster now plays like a booby-trapped scavenger hunt.
Takes itself way too seriously to be taken seriously.
Bad enough to offend even an atheist.
It's sad (even disturbing) to admit but those who've banned the film may actually have done potential ticket buyers a favor.
I cannot vouch for the novel, but the movie is a remarkably underwhelming experience.
[A] wishy-washiness and its general tonal flatness betray a clock-punching mentality the cast and crew seem to have adopted for its production.
Grand Theft Grail
So Deep the Sleep of Man (and Woman) who buys a ticket to The Da Vinci Code
...feels relentlessly disjointed and garrulous. Consequently, this Da Vinci doesn't paint a pretty picture when it comes to tossing around its chaotic clues.
Monotonous, colorless and entirely too serious, the film self-flagellates all the fun out of Dan Brown's story.
The film becomes an exercise in moving people and clues around. It's like a Sherlock Holmes story without Holmes, Watson or Moriarty.
The most controversial thriller of the year turns out to be about as exciting as watching your parents play Sudoku.
... it's a thriller with a lot of explaining to do, which it does, endlessly, while we wait for an actual movie to break out.
It's a long trip around religious theories and elaborate puzzles, but it's a trip worth taking for some slow-burn decoding delights.
It doesn't fit the standard mold of the summer season (this seems much more like a Fall release), but The Da Vinci Code is a mystery worth the indulgence.
If there's anything to be learned from this dud, it's that when you decide to adapt an explosive property like The Da Vinci Code, playing it safe isn't safe ...
Holy controversy, it's...underwhelming!
The movie doesn't have the pulp excitement that the author's gimmicky storytelling generated. In fact, it often has no excitement at all.
... a mildly satisfying religious thriller that is a bit silly.
Howard's relentlessly gloomy tone will have viewers sleeping on the edge of their seats.
so faithful it borders on bland
Just my opinion, but I think that most people have read the book and will see the movie out of a sense of cynicism and doubt of the teachings of the church, and not because they make for quality entertainment.
It doesn't take a great code-breaker to decipher the fact that for all the elaborate theorizing and running about in it, this movie is awfully empty-headed and flat-footed.
The script explains everything twice, spelling out the big words three times, so that even if you've never heard of Jesus or Mary Magdalene you can still figure out this story.
Howard takes a strangely respectful approach to the overheated mysticism of the novel, turning the film into that most boring of genres: the pious blockbuster.
Ron Howard and screenwriter Akiva Goldsman struggle mightily to cram as much as possible of Dan Brown's labyrinthine thriller into a 2-hour-28-minute running time, resulting in a movie both overstuffed and underwhelming.
Rather than being intriguingly provocative, the whole thing comes off as just a rather clumsy provocation.
Here's the gospel on The Da Vinci Code: It's a total snore.
Howard lacks the skill as a filmmaker to glide over laughable dialogue and preposterous myths to concentrate on the good stuff -- like solving the riddles, decoding the mysteries -- that does make The Da Vinci Code so appealing as a story.
Like Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade, with less humor and action, but more intriguing ideas.
These offerings by Howard and Goldsman are not enough to turn a page-turner into something that survives and transcends a media phenomenon, in the way of such bad novels as The Godfather and Jaws.
The book was more cinematic than its on-screen version so that the very act of adapting it throws it out of balance. What is left to the imagination in the book comes across as heavy-handed and over the top on screen.
The movie is so nervous about offending anyone that it's hardly any fun.
The film lacks the deductive appeal of the book -- the way it compelled you to match wits with the protagonists. Instead, what might have been a cerebral treasure hunt bogs down in a miasma of nonstop exposition.
Every time Langdon starts to educate Sophie, the urge to tune out is overwhelming.
Langdon's not a human character, but an amalgamation of pop-up trivia and pensive stares and there's nothing Hanks can do to make him sympathetic, interesting or engaging.
A faithful adaptation of a boring, poorly written book. Bring lots of caffeine.
The truth is that The Da Vinci Code is a pretty-good-but-who-cares effort, a moderately interesting diversion that will hold audiences in the moment but leave them unmoved and unchanged.
The Da Vinci Code is just what the moviegoer ordered.
The movie is woefully plotted and just flat-out, eye-crossingly dull.
All of the actors seem to be on overacting pills save for Hanks, who may yet rue the day he ever stepped off that giant piano and into big, self-important blimps like this.
Ron Howard's adaptation of Dan Brown's bestseller is punishingly long, dramatically overwrought and fatally short on the thrills we demand from summertime blockbusters.
As for the film's entertainment virtues, forget it. This is one of the most talky and pretentious major films in memory.
A jumbled, joyless affair that neither entertains nor enlightens.
Think of all the great men throughout entertainment history who have sought the Holy Grail: King Arthur. Indiana Jones. MacGyver. Robert Langdon? See, it just doesn't work.
I've solved The Da Vinci Code -%u2013 here is its secret: Zzzzzzzzzzz.
Ron Howard's adaptation of Dan Brown's The Da Vinci Code is a marriage made in mediocrity.
The rabid protestors don't have much to worry about. The emperor has no clothes, and what remains is far from pretty.
Howard doesn't move the story along as quickly or as smartly as he should. (It's a sad state of affairs when Hanks' character is actually asked to utter the words 'We have to get to the library, fast!')
Stripped of its so-called revelations, this is an awfully silly thriller.
Is it really necessary to add a whirlwind of CGI planets to Hanks' consideration of a sphere-based puzzle, or cut to crane shots of Greek architecture and writhing, toga-clad women when he name-checks a pagan event?
Ron Howard plays it too safe keeping fans of the book in line, objectors at bay and alienates anyone coming into the hype with thoughts of 'that's what everyone is up in arms about?'
Voltaire, never a huge advocate of organized religion, would be having a fine chuckle nowadays over the current Dan Brown brouhaha.
The problem is the pace, which suffers when demands of explication force Howard to pull his foot off the gas.
How can a film contain so many clues yet remain utterly clueless?
You know a movie's a dud when even its self-flagellating albino killer monk isn't any fun.
The movie works; it's involving, intriguing and constantly seems on the edge of startling revelations.
Way too long and duller than watching Da Vinci's paint dry...takes away the book's little credibility and makes the flaws more obvious.
The Da Vinci Code has its moments, but it's unforgivably dull in places and frequently both poorly directed and laughably silly.
It's not often that this thought comes to mind while watching a Tom Hanks movie. But in The Da Vinci Code, the actor is solidly miscast.
... more entertaining and satisfying than the novel.
The Da Vinci Code is as slavishly faithful to its source as the first two Harry Potter pictures, which explains the film's deadly, stop-and-start pace.
Opens the door for many spiritual seekers to think afresh about Jesus, sexuality, the Sacred Feminine and the great mysteries that cannot be contained in dogmas.
about as good a movie as can be expected from a novel that is decidedly un-cinematic.
... the more you liked the book, the more likely you are to like the movie.
If there's a flavor to describe director Ron Howard's all-too-faithful adaptation, it's vanilla.
At once cerebral and melodramatic, 'The Da Vinci Code' should please those who think and those who feel."
Retarded, ridiculous and crushingly dull.
... a melodramatic, sometimes lifeless film that is missing the suspense of the popular novel.
There's no code to decipher. Da Vinci is a dud -- a dreary, droning, dull-witted adaptation of Dan Brown's religioso detective story ...
... The Da Vinci Code may be controversial and even heretical -- but worse, still, it's plodding, tedious, deathly dull.
... competent if only occasionally thrilling.
The film is faithful enough, but it's hard to imagine it making many converts.
... it's not very good -- long (2hr.32min.) and mostly inert.
... a crackling, fast-moving thriller that's every bit as brainy and irresistible as Dan Brown's controversial bestseller.
... Mr. Howard and Mr. Goldsman handle the supposedly provocative material in Mr. Brown's book with kid gloves, settling on an utterly safe set of conclusions about faith and its history, presented with the usual dull sententiousness.
For people who insist that the movie is never as good as the book, your case just got stronger.
A polished affair with moments of interest, but simply far too long, too talky and just not interesting or clever enough to engage let alone entertain.
Part conspiracy thriller, part religious epic, part family melodrama, but not satisfying on any level, this vastly disappointing film will frustrate viewers who know the book and will bore those who don't due to the rambling and confusing storytelling.
There might be a riveting adventure thriller to be made from Dan Brown's controversial bestseller, but this is not it. Melodramatic, overlong and dare I say occasionally boring, Ron Howard's The Da Vinci Code gets lost in the maze of its puzzles and media
...overblown so-so suspense flick...
A jumble of historical myth, religious symbology and international thriller-action makes for an unwieldy, bloated melodrama.
An oppressively talky film that isn't exactly dull, but comes as close to it as one could imagine with such provocative material.
Perhaps an interesting side-piece to those already fanatical about the book, but ultimately a lifeless adaptation that reveals the flaws of its source. So Dark, the Con of Dan Brown.







@highlight

What makes Dan Brown's novel a best seller is evidently not present in this dull and bloated movie adaptation of The Da Vinci Code .