Even with the addition of 45 minutes of new footage, Sir Ridley Scott's Kingdom of Heaven remains a rather uneventful epic with a story that fails to engage.
Cinema's least potent leading man, Orlando Bloom, stinks up the screen in Ridley Scott's unsatisfying "epic" about the Crusades...
Just another sword and sandal epic...
Kingdom of Heaven is profoundly relevant for our troubled times.
The miscasting of the lightweight Bloom proves fatal: instead of galvanizing this epic, he sucks the energy out of it.
... an extraordinary work of art, a plea for religious tolerance that works because of sheer filmmaking prowess and good, old-fashioned storytelling. (Director's Cut)
One of the more violent films in recent memory. But maybe the violence serves a purpose-it keeps your mind off the inanities of the plot.
quick review in Greek
Kingdom inevitably invites comparisons to Gladiator, Scott's last major epic. But it is a better film, partly because it does less violence to the history.
Kingdom of Heaven has little going for it outside of its lavish and gory battle sequences.
...the movie survives its lackluster star and cluttered plot, thanks largely to director Ridley Scott, who makes most of the goings-on fun while we're sitting through them.
There's an audience for "Kingdom of Heaven" it's just difficult to know where to find them.
Kingdom of Heaven isn't quite the next Gladiator with a fair share of boring moments, but it tries hard
In the end, Bloom shows promise, Scott's work still impresses, and the epic film lives to fight another day.
Any film daring to touch upon the rivalry of the children of Abraham deserves to be appreciated for its candor & for its delicacy. Plus, come on, it's Ridley Scott.
dives into the middle of a political-religious morass and still manages to avoid any significant implications
Where have all the world conquerors gone?
Most of the actors have elected to play their knights like crotchety Western gunslingers, a bizarre choice that blows a good deal of fresh air into the stuffy pageantry.
Ridley Scott shies from addressing faith.
So much attention has been spent on making a big, lavish piece of Oscar bait that the soul of the movie is completely ripped out.
"Kingdom of Heaven" isn't what I'd been praying for from Ridley Scott.
... Flawed, but Scott is such an accomplished filmmaker that he is still able to shape it into an entertaining picture.
Once Liam Neeson's noble knight Godfrey exits, Orlando Bloom's lightweight Balian can't carry this message-heavy lecture.
... director Ridley Scott has proven once again that with a decent script the battle epic does have a place in modern times ...
I'm going medieval. As a leading man, Bloom is doomed.
a film that tries to be something special, but ultimately fails because of an over-padded script and too many poorly-cast actors.
A sanitized version that celebrates a surrender. Saladin never mentions Allah. It's not religion, but economy that drove 8 Crusades across two hundred years?
Hopelessly naive ... The final impression is that a few bad apples were all that prevented the Christians and Muslims from joining hands and participating in sing-alongs.
The movie flirts with ideas and then runs away from them, so ultimately, it's not much more than a dishonest, spectacular bore.
When he's surrounded by his men of brawn and battle experience, does Bloom look like the guy they're going to follow?
Scott's visual style and knack for epic storytelling carries us through, and makes his latest work passable, if not memorable, oversized entertainment.
Kingdom of Heaven, at nearly 2 1/2 hours, fails to really hold your attention. You drift off at times, waiting for something to happen.
Monahan ... gives us glimpses of ways in which Christ's teachings have been distorted, exploited, and misinterpreted. But the film's idea of a better way falls short.
It all sounds juicy, but Bloom is sadly not up to the task at hand.
It feels spectacularly empty.
Scott has certainly uncovered a fascinating era, but not necessarily the right hero to do it justice.
All lecture and no humanity.
...may be the first hippie war film.
Even though it is a long film, it feels compact. The characters are well-defined. The action scenes are well-staged.
Bloom's listless performance dooms the film. Where is Russell Crowe when you need him?
Scott cares more about getting across an ideal of religious tolerance than recounting history - which is, in the long run, perfectly OK
Ultimately, KINGDOM OF HEAVEN can't change actual history. So instead, everyone has to grow a conscience...even the Crusaders have to feel bad about the Crusading.
Kingdom of Heaven has at its center a bold story, and yet it sits there like a stone pillar.
From watching the film, it's a bit hard to care who conquers.
Fantastic battle scenes compensate for the lack of emotional depth.
A far-reaching period epic that is also relevant to our understanding of the conflicts in the Middle East of the present day.
With Kingdom of Heaven, Ridley proves that good cinema cannot wait for terrorism.
Generic battles, typical actioner.
A dreary, uninformative, emotionless disaster. At least Alexander had the comical benefit of Angelina Jolie hamming it up with reptiles.
If the intriguing but ultimately derivative Kingdom of Heaven had arrived before these recent period epics, it may have stood a better chance of enthralling us.
This Kingdom would truly rule with a Crowe or Gibson, not a middleweight like Orlando Bloom
Neeson plays yet another mentor (really, it's actually getting silly now) and, as usual, walks off with the entire thing - the film suffers considerably once he carks it.
It is a deeply personal, highly introspective work of artistic expression the likes of which the director hasn't attempted since Blade Runner, this easily his best, and probably least accessible, film since that ground-breaking sci-fi classic.
Kingdom of Heaven looks good, but there's not much there there.
Makes for a pretty good summer action-adventure movie, if nothing else
Uma das grandes virtudes de Cruzada reside na forma imparcial com que retrata os dois lados do conflito.
... we can see the rising tide of history and admire the skillful way it's depicted. But, somehow, that tide never builds enough power to sweep us away.
As Balian and his people withstand the might of Saladin's fiery projectiles, siege towers and the usual computer-generated swarm of soldiers, it's hard not to think we're really watching The Lord of the Rings IV: Legolas Defends Jerusalem.
Is Orlando Bloom enough of a star to sustain a $100 million costume drama? The answer turns out to be yes.
Since we barely know what's at stake -- we're too confused and bored to care -- all this fighting means nothing to us, and yet Scott still hopes to rev us up with it.
Considerably more ambitious and significantly less satisfying than Gladiator.
Scott's skill at handling of action sequences is thrilling, but Bloom lacks the gravity and raw charisma his role demands and robs the film of narrative urgency.
An epic about Christian crusaders who happen to be liberal humanists willing to die for the sake of religious tolerance. That's just ... weird.
Mostly uninvolving; a movie you admire for its craft rather than enjoying for its passion.
To say that Scott did a beautiful job directing Kingdom of Heaven would be true, but it wouldn't convey the nature of the achievement.
Knights! Castles! Broadswords! Catapults! Flaming balls! Severed heads! Burning oil! Gushing digital blood!
What we are left with are beautifully choreographed fight scenes of massive scale and moderate interest.
Scott creates an exotic yet real world and gives it epic scope and potent dramatic power.
Scores a few points for its positive portrait of Muslims in the time of the Crusades.
The closing battle scenes are realistic and exciting, and noteworthy for the seamless mixing of live-action and special effects. Jerusalem is one of the first recreated ancient citadels to look real on screen.
The prescription for cooling today's cross-cultural antipathies is as respectable as it is obvious.
Scott's battles are ferocious things of grim beauty -- bloody, personal and deafening crashes of armored men and horses colliding at full gallop.
Ridley Scott's breathtaking historical epic is let down by patchy script.
Yawn. Are the Crusades over yet? Wake me when it's time to leave.
The textures are rich, the color scheme varied, the action sequences visceral. There is barely a frame in which you don't feel the touch of his strong hand.
As Balian, a blacksmith turned Crusader, Orlando Bloom should embody a character who passes through some sort of transforming crucible. Yet he learns nothing.
The battle sequences here are actually worth the cost of admission, and there is exemplary supporting work by Liam Neeson, Jeremy Irons, Edward Norton and especially Syrian actor Ghassan Massoud as the legendary Muslim leader Saladin.
The religious sentiment accumulates into a tower of politically correct Jell-O.
Filmed in Morocco, in Spain and in computers, Kingdom fills a vast canvas with breathtaking spectacle. In contrast, most of the performances are blandly ordinary.
The somber Kingdom may not provide an epic's anticipated escapism, but it serves as a salient reminder that hundreds of years later these battles are still being waged.
If the picture isn't as engaging as it should have been, Scott's images still make it entrancing.
Another in a recent line of sword-swinging epics that insists on adding ideas to bloody spectacle.
It's just a bunch of arguing with dirty people who look like they stepped out of a two-bit Renaissance Festival.
Scott once again proves himself an inept director of action.
The movie is distinguished by the uniform excellence of its actors ... Orlando Bloom, in particular ... gives a performance of striking stillness and reserve ...
What it means in terms of neat, bloody storytelling is that a revenge tale (Gladiator avenges dead wife and child) makes a much neater package than [this].
This is one cool movie!
a sad reminder that the distrust, misunderstandings and misconceptions that have marred relations between the Eastern and Western worlds are nothing new...
A $130 million epic with much to marvel at and great battle scenes, but it dazzles the senses while barely touching the heart.
No one should be offended except, of course, those who like movies that excite the mind as well as the pulse.
[Scott] is a little off his game for the slow first half, but the last hour is a triumph.
Dramatically, the problem is it's a lot easier to root for someone battling tigers and gladiators than it is to cheer on a guy wondering about the meaning of life. This is why Waiting for Godot has never been made into a summer movie blockbuster.
Kingdom of Heaven has the nasty habit of quickly killing off its most interesting and compelling characters, those in whom the film invests time and tries to develop.
Scott's interesting but uneven effort doesn't disappoint when it comes to the siege of Jerusalem, which has scale and a truly frightening quality.
Never straying from issues of war and peace, organized religion and an individual's relationship to God, Kingdom of Heaven earns the right to rattle its swords.
A war story that takes no sides because it takes all sides. And it's a period piece, set in the last decades of the 12th century after Christ, that resonates in a thoughtful way today.
The Christian knights are mouldy cynics. The Saracens are polished snakes. The twists are marvellous. And dying with an axe in your head is a fine art.
A mostly lumbering, occasionally rousing epic that walks a bizarre line between historical fact and Hollywood wishful thinking.
Scott wants to have his Crusade and rue it, too.
[The battle] scenes may get the blood going, but it's Bloom's quiet steeliness that gives Kingdom of Heaven its heart.
The Crusades may seem like a strange source for such an entertaining summer blockbuster, but it's refreshing to see Scott going for something a bit more meaningful.
An exceedingly well-made, reasonably involving and impressively intelligent movie about political and religious turmoil in 1186.
Kingdom of Heaven is often stunning to behold. Regrettably, the director's grasp of narrative and pacing is far less assured on this film.
In the tradition of Gladiator and Braveheart comes the latest Orlando Bloom epic. Yawn.
While it will soon be forgotten and its central message ignored by those in power, it's a great looking film that's better than recent 'epics'.
Unfortunately, you don't have to see Kindgom of Heaven to learn how it ends. You just have to turn on CNN.
The human drama is cut short in favor of all the battle scenes... they should have thrown this lame Christian script to the lions and made another Gladiator.
Like Scott's Gladiator, the movie simultaneously embraces and rises above the sword-and-tunic clichés that define it.
Kingdom of Heaven lands somewhere between Oliver Stone's yawn-inducing Alexander and Troy, the Brad Pitt pecs flexer, as sand-and-sandal entertainment.
Kingdom of Heaven seems ready to anger everyone but the atheists and the action crowd.
Bloom comes across as a vapid California surfer boy trying to be a serious "artist." This is an over-long, pretentious bore that I felt like I've seen and didn't like before.
A historical epic totally destroyed by the infusion of contemporary political correctness and left-wing revisionist history.
Exhausting more than exhilarating, it's sword 'n' sandals style over substance.
Could largely be synopsized as the failure of moderate Christians to restrain fanatical Christians from oppressing innocent Muslims, provoking justifiable Muslim retaliation.
I wanted more Lawrence of Arabia stuff, more about this man falling in love with a place and a people far more exotic than he could possibly have ever imagined...
A 12th-century epic that is long and wide but not very deep.
Kingdom of Heaven makes Alexander look like Ben-Hur... It's just CNN with CGI.
Ridley Scott returns to Gladiator-scale ambitions with a Crusades epic that's big but boring.
The consummate battle epic.
This film needs a hero, and Bloom isn't him.
This is the first time a "been there, done that" mood has permeated a Ridley Scott film.
...an unmitigated disaster from start to finish, offering up a level of sheer dullness that's shocking...
William Monahan's well-crafted script keeps the politico-socio side of things well balanced
Please don't be Alexander. At least Bloom doesn't dye his hair blonde and shave his legs. Kingdom of Heaven is a wonderful cure for insomnia.
Plain-faced moralizing... It's at once bold and dumbed down.
Neeson is a classic, masculine hero who leaves the film strongly marked with his absence
Demands implausible leaps of its hero, the young Balian (Orlando Bloom).
Even a persuasive supporting cast gets Heaven only so far.
More than ever, Hollywood has become a cinema of fantasy and escapism. But every so often, a powerful director manages to marshal its forces to make a statement or impart a vision that's courageously relevant to what's going on in the real world.
A spectacular battle for Jerusalem, as only Ridley Scott could direct.
That rare big-star blockbuster (Orlando Bloom, Liam Neeson and Jeremy Irons top the cast) that still manages to have something relevant to say.
A confused and confusing compromise at best and a dull obfuscation of history at worst.
Scott continues to be a master of chaotic mayhem.
The biggest shortcoming of this crusader story is not that Scott twists the facts (he does), but that he can't elevate the story to something more than an alluring re-creation.
Ridley Scott's plaintive epic about the Crusades is an ostensibly fair-minded, even-handed account of one of the least fair-minded, even-handed chapters in human history.
Glossy, popcorn entertainment at best. And that wouldn't necessarily be a bad thing if the subject were anything other than the Crusades.
The movie's only real message is: Religious wars are wrong. And hey, don't most of us already know that, whether the war is a crusade in the Middle Ages or a fanatic's terrorism in our own time?
The film enjoys powerful staging, impressive action set pieces, meaty human themes, and Scott's traditional eye for detail.
The cinematography, supporting performances and battle sequences are so meticulously mounted that they still compel, even when Bloom fails to.
Despite...weaknesses, 'Kingdom of Heaven' emerges an entertaining film...stunningly photographed, set and costumed...grandeur that evokes De Mille
The climax features a dandy battle, but getting to it requires sitting through nearly two hours of posturing and pontificating.
The Crusades lasted just over 200 years, which is longer than Kingdom of Heaven, although not by as much as you might hope.
Director Ridley Scott is so adept at moving crowds and engendering awe that one can easily overlook his skill with actors.
Kingdom of Heaven is a huge movie, but it's an unusually restrained one.
A staggeringly lazy, leg-twitchingly dull, unholy mess.
Jerusalem, Saladin tells Balian, is 'everything' and 'nothing.' Scott's well-crafted, intelligent epic inhabits some middle ground between the two -- better than nothing, but not everything it should be.
A tract against religious intolerance, rife with philosophizing about the consequences of acts committed in God's name that sounds decidedly more modern than medieval.
Even when the drama falters, the movie shimmers with palatial splendor, explodes with adventure and reeks with bloodshed and horror.
The movie is almost unwatchable as much of the explanatory scenes appear to have been left on the cutting room floor.
Both narratively rushed and lethargically paced, this would-be crusading epic aims to be lion-hearted but instead comes off lily-livered.
The world's longest and most inscrutable luxury car commercial.
A mixed bag of good intentions, technical craftsmanship, post-9/11 angst and (again!) a sword-wielding Orlando Bloom.
A confusing dud of enormous proportions.
A film about holiness beset by a pedestrian spirit.
The dialogue by screenwriter William Monahan is so leaden with import that it comes off as the sort of silly grandstanding of a 1980s Mattel action-figure commercial.
William Monahan's deft script underscores the modern parallels in this story without hitting us upside the head.
Just isn't the larger-than-life, heartrending Crusades masterpiece we were praying Gladiator's director would deliver.
[A] handsome but curiously remote Crusades epic.
As a war hero, Orlando Bloom reminds me of the nickname Truman Capote's father gave him: Little Miss Mouse Fart.
Was Ridley Scott trying to make a medieval epic, or was he trying to remake Kevin Smith's Dogma?
A bewildering mishmash of battle scenes and tenuous relationships that calls for heartthrob Orlando Bloom to save the day in a rags-to-riches hurry.
En términos fílmicos aporta poco más que buenos escenarios y buenas batallas.
...from the looks of this film's trailer, I thought I was going to be dead-asleep by the end of act 1, but...
The movie does what any self-respecting politician would do: sidestep the issues, soft-pedal mortal costs, talk a fat game, and divert your attention away from history with exercises in spectacle and power.
The only variations between (recent battle epics) seem to be whether the hero was of noble birth, and whether the battlefields are green and forested or brown and sandy.
Bloom's one dimensional effort and a laughably hackneyed script, waste Irons and Neeson in a tale of a religious war with a secular, anti-Christian bias.
Genuinely spectacular and historically quite respectable.
A well-oiled machine with only the appearance of meaning
drags along to an ending that means as little as all that came before it. And with as little coherence
You may not leave the theater feeling better educated about history or enlightened about the Crusades, but you will leave satisfied that the filmmakers have delivered 145 minutes of exciting, visceral cinema.
Kingdom fulfills the requirements of grand-scale moviemaking while serving as a timely reminder that in the conflict between Christianity and Islam it was the Christians who picked the first fight.
One imagined that a movie about the Crusades would be gallant and mad; one feared that it might stoke some antiquated prejudice. But who could have dreamed that it would produce this rambling, hollow show about a boy?
Coming-of-age describes this historic epic's hero and the actor who plays him, heartthrob Orlando Bloom, though he is not ready yet for commanding a film with star performance
It's a gorgeous-looking film, expertly orchestrated and extremely watchable. But it's also both uninvolving and exhausting.
Another failed attempt to add to the pile of forgettable blockbusters. If you go in expecting no more, you'll leave satisfied, but there's no real substance to its style.















@highlight

Although it's an objective and handsomely presented take on the Crusades, Kingdom of Heaven lacks depth.