Ironically, for a movie about an intrepid explorer prone to death-defying acts of derring-do, Tomb Raider tends to play it safe.
It's a rare blockbuster that respects the laws of physics.
The execution of it is successful enough to just about paper over its shortcomings.
While I'd be hard pressed to call Roar Uthaug's cinematic take on Lara Croft a masterpiece, I had a really good time with [it], and that's all I wanted in the end.
With its unengaging, stretched-out plot and tiresome action sequences, Tomb Raider is yet another failed attempt to bring the beloved video game franchise to the big screen.
This is Vikander's film and much can be forgiven because of her luminous presence.
Tomb Raider is full of random danger with random solutions, mostly unearned or poorly foreshadowed, but it's almost difficult to hold it against the film once you know what you're watching.
Vikander's stellar performance isn't enough to rescue a story that falls apart with just the slightest bit of scrutiny.
If the film's goal was to make Lara a more interesting character by exploring her early life, it fails quite miserably, despite a generally good performance by Vikander in a role that gives her precious little with which to work.
Taking a very serious tone throughout (don't expect many laughs), Tomb Raider may be in need of another reboot.
The film becomes conventional, collapsing between an ocean of myths that do not matter to anyone, spliced with a few sequence of Indiana Jones-esq adventure. [Full Review in Spanish]
Tomb Raider begins and ends in the undoubted charisma of Alicia Vikander, the only meaningful choice. [Full Review in Spanish]
An interesting back story here with a clever resolution worthy of a Lara Croft adventure exists, but the lack of a decent adversary undermines everything that happens... the letdown never lets up.
Tomb Raider, for the most part, fares a whole lot better than one might've anticipated...
[Alicia] Vikander strives to develop a full heroine, capable of thrilling action, and she succeeds. [Full Review in Spanish]
A boring "Tomb Raider" movie should be an impossibility. Now there are three of them.
What could be a raw, intense action film with a fabulous female character becomes a generic and flat adventure. [Full Review in Spanish]
There's nothing clever behind the conundrums that Lara faces and so in turn we never really feel like Lara is as intelligent as the film claims her to be.
Overall though, Tomb Raider is the best reboot I've seen in decades. It was so refreshing to finally see a big budget action that was worth the money.
'Tomb Raider' is a fast-paced, well-directed actioner.
But there's little [Roar Uthaug] can do with Robertson-Dworet and Alastair Siddons's script (derived largely from the "third era" of the video game), which functions like a treasure map without resonance or mystery.
Tomb Raider is a film that you know is calculated to kick off future blockbusters in the series, and yet it works.
The main problem with this lackluster reboot is the absence of any interesting characters other than Lara Croft herself. This unimaginative adventure tale is loaded with literal cliffhangers, to the point of being repetitive.
It all feels half-arsed - you'll be so bored at times you'll find yourself wondering if the rock placement in a jungle scene looks too fake (it does, by the way).
Fun in spots, undeniably, but a mess on the whole.
[Alicia] Vikander is a good arse-kicking Croft, but with this Lara still seeking daddy's approval, her heroism is undermined, and ultimately the film is weaker for it.
This is a movie that tries to emulate much better stuff...without bothering to come up with anything new, and all leading to a single destination: the setup for a sequel.
As secrets are gradually revealed, and explosions and death-defying escapes accumulate, the sense of narrative urgency feels more contrived than organic.
It's an enjoyable, but forgettable, action movie that feels more like the training stage of one of the games rather than a complete experience.
Tomb Raider unapologetically wears its Thirties-era B-movie antecedents on its sleeve while maintaining a very 21st century attitude toward its whip-smart and realistically tough (yet vulnerable) protagonist.
Uthaug, like many of the creative folks at DC, confuses grittiness with emotional depth. His insistence upon combining this faux gravitas with action results in countless scenes of unintentional hilarity.
All this low-rent, intrepid Indiana Jonesing-for-adventure is stuffed with poppycock and twaddle.
[Alicia Vikander] was magnetic in Ex Machina, but all she really does well here is suffer, and none of that suffering adds up to much.
Though I can't necessarily see myself watching Tomb Raider again, I can't deny that I enjoyed it, or that I'd shell out to see a second (or third) installment of the series.
'Run, Lara! Run!' you want to yell, because very bad things happen when she stops - namely the dialogue.
Vikander, who can balance flinty charm with sympathetic humanism, helped keep me invested, but Tomb Raider could best be described as a solid step forward, away from past wrongs.
A film almost entirely devoid of personality.
The bar has been set so low for video game movies that it doesn't requiere much effort to make something mildly entertaining. [Full Review in Spanish]
Unfortunately, this emphasis on rebooting the character does less for actual development and feels like too much wasted time between plot points.
Vikander holds the center quite nicely, maintaining an even flow between the outrageous action sequences and the personal interplay Lara has with a host of characters. And every performer displays just the right lived-in quality when paired with her.
I longed for [Daniel] Wu to return to the screen whenever he left it.
It really had everything you want...some of the scenes were seriously incredibly cool to watch, and Lara Croft is a fierce woman.
Tomb Raider is entertaining, but not much more. [Full Review in Spanish]
...decidedly frustrating. [Full Review in Spanish]
In a feature that's primarily a formulaic reboot, rendering Lara Craft as flesh and blood instead of a cartoonish fantasy makes a difference.
One the best compliments you can give this film is that within the first five minutes you completely forget about any other incarnations of Lara Croft.
Modern, gritty, action packed and led by a leading lady who can kick-ass and bring depth with equal power.
'Tomb Raider' is easily digested, but also can be evacuated just as fast.
... I hope that [Alicia Vikander] will have the opportunity to shine even more... [Full review in Spanish]
It's good enough to leave you contemplating something rare: the prospect of a video-game movie sequel you wouldn't mind seeing.
The editing is shockingly bad, the green screen is some of the worst in recent memory, and the characters are so underdeveloped it seems inappropriate to use the word 'characters' on them.
It's strangely stiff and wooden from the get-go, and heavy-handed writing stops it taking off.
Just about everything works here - with casting, story and pacing combining to impressive, high-end action-movie effect. Holding it all together, however, is Alicia Vikander, who gives us a Lara near perfect for these times.
A creditable, if rather joyless, action adventure in the Indiana Jones vein - one in which Indy is replaced by a well-spoken British woman with a fitness regime and the air of a law student.
Vikander's performance, for what it's worth, helps make Tomb Raider not just a thrilling action film but one that's entertaining to watch.
Vikander's expressive face is a godsend. Whether being throttled by a goon or torn away from a loved one, this stricken Lara feels like one of us.
It's diverting for a while but largely humourless and very forgettable.
"Tomb Raider," stuffed though it is with curses, vaults, and locks that cry out for secret keys, is not really about a legendary quest, or family honor. It's about Alicia Vikander.
It's almost impossible to care.
There's no way to hate a movie that has spiked poles, booby-trapped caves and zombies, but you can fault it for not trying as hard as it should.
Whereas Angelina Jolie played Croft as a cocksure, aggressive Amazonian man-slayer in her two films, Alicia Vikander sees her heroine as more vulnerable, a college-age kid who has to fight harder to come out of fights with big, bad men.
Oscar-winning actress Alicia Vikander's attempts at establishing dramatic control over the film are outdone by the naturally goofy atmosphere that any movie like this fosters.
What becomes seriously unexpected is how much fun everyone seems to have before the tenacious Lara gets to where the big challenges of plot fizzle more than succeed.
Not knowing much about the Tomb Raider video games, I walked into the movie with few expectations - a good thing for someone ignorant of the video franchise.
If a sequel to Tomb Raider gets greenlit, let's hope the focus is on crafting a better storyline. Because Lara Croft herself needs no upgrade.
The pieces are there. They just need better assembly.
What is truly astonishing is that director Roar Uthaug, who was afforded the opportunity to work with an amazing cast --- and a crew loaded with incredible talents --- manages to completely screw up "Tomb Raider".
"Tomb Raider" is a real cliff hanger --- literally on at least two occasions --- and it's a classic popcorn movie. Despite what Jeanne writes, the film's action sequences make it eminently watchable.
Alicia Vikander's tough and tender turn as Lara Croft makes this silly but entertaining action adventure worthwhile.
Alicia Vikander is so good without saying anything. She does so much acting with every intonation of her face. Her eyes express so much.
I'd watch another one. I want to see more of [Alivia Vikander] As Lara Croft.
All the breathless action and cliffhanger thrills you could want from a souped-up B-movie of this kind.
Let's hope the next script can match Lara's strength and newfound badassery. Otherwise, let's lock the crypt and throw away the key.
Tomb Raider is a total kick in the pants and I had a terrific time watching it. As strong as Jolie might have been as the character previously, she was never given the same freedom to evolve and emote as Vikander has been granted.
No better or worse than its predecessors. It's just a fun, lightweight action picture.
Just as I don't recall that first cinematic incarnation of Lara Croft, I have a feeling the same memory fate will befall this offering. (Full Content Review for Parents - Violence, Profanity, etc. - also Available)
[Vikander] invests herself in Lara Croft, and the filmmakers, unlike the ones Jolie got saddled with, frame her with awe rather than lust. Now if only they could bring some of that awe to the tombs...
The main relationship is between Lara and her father, and that gets a little icky after a while....Want excitement and suspense? There's more of that in the first seven minutes of Raiders of the Lost Ark than there is in the entirety of this movie.
Ms. Vikander attacks this role at a headlong pace, with a raspy primal yelp, and she's so much fun to watch.
A series of moderately exciting situations surrounded by - and barely attached to - a derivative fill-in-the-blanks adventure plot.
It may be more accurate to put Tomb Raider in the Brendan Fraser "Mummy" tier of treasure hunting action-adventure. It's a fun, dismissive adventure that doesn't try to elevate the genre.
Aside from Goggins and Vikander, who makes for a plucky underdog Lara and classes up the joint considerably, everyone involved seems to be just going through the motions.
Alicia Vikander is Croft this time and she is by far the best thing in the movie...But the final third of the movie is more like a predictable video game. We could have used more backstory.
By the end, enjoyment has been overrun by formula -- at least it was by me.
Tomb Raider is a solid film, that is at its best when it allows Vikander to get her turn with a bombshell mash-up of John McClane and Indiana Jones and especially in the way that it approaches the mythological elements of the story.
... simply the vehicle for the delivery of complex and colorful action sequences. [Full review in Spanish]
It does away with the over-the-top nature of the previous incarnation and in its place we get a gripping action-adventure film.
As a disposable diversion, it gets the job done just well enough.
While Vikander may bring it physically, she totally lacks the chemistry of a lasting matinee idol. She never makes us laugh. And for a film called Tomb Raider that really is missing the point.
Tomb Raider is one of those movies that seems to have been engineered with nothing more on its mind than winning the box-office sweepstakes for a weekend or two before evaporating from the minds of most moviegoers.
"Tomb Raider" doesn't raise video game adaptations completely out of the B-movie depths, but it does make for a fun two-hour distraction at the multiplex, which is certainly nothing to sneeze at.
For a while, it looked like director Roar Uthaug was going to deliver a video game movie that transcended the genre, mostly through the neat trick of having his ass-kicking heroine be driven by the thoroughly human desire to be Daddy's little girl again.
Tomb Raider doesn't suck.
Tomb Raider, sloppily directed by Roar Uthaug, would not be worth watching without Vikander, who darts, leaps, and pummels her way through this mediocre escapade with a winning fierceness
A good girl power flick for tweens.
Although Alicia Vikander is feisty and fit-as-a-fiddle, its sprawling plot is Inconsistently, often nonsensically scripted - with several cliffhanging CG action pieces but little else .
Dirty and crude in an extremely atypical fashion from most action scenes in blockbusters. [Full Review in Spanish]
Big, boring slog with a plot familiar to Indiana Jones fans.
Vikander brings an extra dimension of vulnerability missing from Angelina Jolie's two Lara Croft films. This one is slam-bang action from the opening scenes to the credits.
Tomb Raider's back and rebooted with grit and more human designs, but this outing proves as predictably silly as its forebears.
One can see the wheels turning, literally and figuratively...
Jolie's Lara was perhaps having too much fun for much sense of urgency, but Vikander's Lara isn't really having fun at all, which makes it hard for the audience to have much fun either.
Everything in "Tomb Raider" is noisy and frenzied, more akin to a heavy, dull, repeating bludgeon than anything close to a deft, smooth ballet of action. Where the viewers ought to get a moment to breathe, there is usually another explosion.
Alicia Vikander's Tomb Raider is as campy and as fun as the preceding films with Angelina Jolie, although this reboot drags on a bit too long and relies on a silly plot twist.
Less a film than a two-hour P90X infomercial, Tomb Raider allows us to watch as super-fit Alicia Vikander goes at breakneck pace through her various fitness stations.
No one seems to realize they are supposed to have a little fun with this material.
Roar Uthaug's movie is a constant drag, always leaning into the seriousness of the story but rarely finding the joy in the journey.
Already ripe to be remade -- as a better movie...
Vikander holds it together. She's too good an actress for a film this inane, but Tomb Raider definitely benefits from her presence.
By sticking with the lower key, Uthaug manages to forge something resembling genuine tension and drama rather than paint-by-numbers thrills.
Sadly, "Tomb Raider" is no franchise starter. And while Vikander has the acting chops and certainly looks the part, the entire approach that essentially divorces itself from key game elements is wrong-headed.
If there's a sequel, [Alicia] Vikander deserves a better story to sink her teeth into.
..it's entertaining and hits all the right notes for a summer movie based on a video game, with a cast that's better than you would expect...
Tomb Raider comes alive when the pressure is on and the odds of success feel impossible. But for all its effort and efficiency, it still feels soulless and more than a little old-fashioned.
Like your copy of the original Playstation game, this "Tomb Raider" already feels like it's covered in dust.
For Vikander's sake, I hope a sequel does come around provided the script discovers a buried chest of quality writing.
An adequately fun adventure [that] could've broken the famous "curse" of video game movies. Alas, that wasn't the case. [Full review in Spanish]
It may be tough to get a video game avatar over a chasm or through a labyrinth, but it is even tougher to make her into a movie star, even Lara Croft.
If your movie makes people want to play the game instead, that's a sign of deficient filmmaking - or an extremely overpriced advertisement.
Effectively Tomb Raiders Of The Lost Ark, and is none the worse for it.
Tomb Raider is an action adventure movie that is almost okay, but it runs out of steam long before it gets to the time to raid tombs.
Croft is more Indiana Jones than Wonder Woman, and that's a good thing. It helps that an actor with some heft is there to pull it off.
A tight, fast, well-made B picture that delivered exactly what it promised. I liked it much.
Alicia Vikander is absolutely brilliant. Her Lara Croft is judged perfectly, bringing some much needed realism and credibility.
Uthaug has no sense of how to make this distinctive, running through generic action scene after generic action scene and sabotaging Vikander's determination to take the role seriously by making the world around her either too corny or too bland.
Tomb Raider certainly isn't a perfect movie and isn't quite the game-changer for video game films, yet it definitely isn't a bad attempt; sporting impressive action, creative visuals and Vikander's dynamic performance.
Vikander, who won an Oscar for her performance in "The Danish Girl," has more than enough charisma to carry the film. She's not so much a wonder woman as she is a heroine who's up for whatever challenges she faces.
The old Tomb Raider movies are terrible, patently silly... But the 2018 reboot of Tomb Raider, starring Alicia Vikander as Croft, actually wants to be a movie. It's got a story, and characters, and an emotional center...
The greatest distinction of "Tomb Raider" may be its trombones. In an unseen orchestra that bleats and blares, an urgent trombone chorus heralds every leap into banality.
Inevitably, there's an dull coda that sets up a sequel, but by that point you'll have been vainly searching the frame for the words GAME OVER for at least half an hour.
[T]he movie does ultimately reduce Lara in a variety of ways by the time the credits roll.
It's all rehashed moments, remade poorly with no style and even less intent.
It all feels depressingly generic, and as the fun leaks out over the course of two long hours, a viewer starts to push back against the film's rickety suspension of disbelief.
I wouldn't mind playing the game based on the movie but was less enthused about the movie based on the game.
For the most part extremely serious and dour, draining it of the sense of exhilaration this sort of nonsense so desperately needs.
Nothing about this reboot feels remotely fresh. Give it a whip and you could call it Indiana Gumbo and the Jambalaya of Action Clichés.
While Vikander plays a competent Lara Croft, she's also a surprisingly joyless one. And if you can't have fun at a movie like this, what's the point?
As an action-filled matinee flick, 'Tomb Raider' is dead on target.
Finally- a video game movie that works! Based on the 2013 video game reboot, this Lara Croft origin story is gritty, grounded and a roadmap to what heroines should be.
A beautifully crafted and unpretentious piece of action cinema, with a number of sequences that are as gorgeous as they are thrilling.
There are some notable scenes... but that adventure doesn't have anything that hasn't been seen before with more grace in any predecessor of the sort, starting with Indiana Jones. [Full review in Spanish]
If the future chapters are to be this silly and disposable, one hopes Vikander moves on as quickly from this film as I did as a viewer.
Alicia Vikander is a good Lara Croft in a lacking Tomb Raider reboot.
Though entertaining in the moment and briskly paced, Tomb Raider never overcomes feeling like a video game that you watch instead of play.
Think 'The Da Vinci Code.' except with less talk and way more action.
Easily the best big-screen version of the Tomb Raider franchise to date.
Vikander gives us a girl power adventurer who is brave, brainy and beautiful.
The action sequences are solid, the puzzles and traps are complicated but credible, and the Junkie XL score is lively throughout. It's no masterpiece, but it could have been so much worse.
None of the digitally-assisted stunts will make you gasp, none of the dialogue will make you laugh, none of the twists will shock you, and none of the elaborate subterranean traps will seem as fiendish as they did when Indiana Jones faced them.
Though it lacks the creative spark or daring or silliness or even just the pulse it would need to transcend action-flick cliché oblivion, Tomb Raider the reboot does boast one asset: Alicia Vikander.
I reserve "hate" for movies I find personally offensive. Tomb Raider offends only in that it is brainless, boring and pointless.
An enjoyable, if somewhat forgettable, romp that owes a lot to the Indiana Jones movies but sadly lacks enough of the wit and excitement of them.
No matter the gargantuan CGI obstacles thrown her way, Lara Croft reveals a steeliness tempered by the acknowledgement of the pain and terror she's feeling at every moment. It's the movie's sole concession to the limits of physics and the human body.
Another videogame adaptation in which empty avatars run around perfunctorily because that's what the plot requires of them. There's no humor, no fizz, no movie magic at all.
A film so rife with plot holes that it would make a decent pasta strainer.
Ms. Vikander certainly looks the role, with flowing hair and a washboard stomach you could play the blues on. She runs, jumps and leaps into this yawning void with grim determination.
It's everything you feared from the reboot ... but did they have to treat the great Walton Goggins this way?
You know what happens next. Tomb raiders gonna tomb raid!
Tomb Raider is damn good fun, and Alicia Vikander is just brilliant in everything she does. So there.
Tomb Raider is worth seeing for Alicia Vikander's performance, but as a whole it's disposable entertainment.
It's hard to understand how a wannabe-blockbuster like this gets made, and at no time, apparently, did a studio exec read the script, put it down halfway through and say, "Okay, when does something happen?"
This is ... not just a reboot of a film franchise based on a video game. It's also a movie based on a reboot of that video game. If there were a television series it could reboot, then it would represent the hat trick of unoriginality.
Vikander imbues her action performance with a physicality that transcends most action stars, giving Tomb Raider an edge within the genre.
Vikander's tomb-raider-to-be takes a lickin' and keeps on tickin', using her wits, her wiles and what she's made of herself to slice through this B-movie obstacle course.
This Lara Croft is a capable, intelligent action-movie heroine, not an excuse to flaunt boobs and guns. You care about who she is, not just what she looks like.
Vikander doesn't have much to play, script-wise, but she makes a tough, appealing action star ...
Vikander deserves a go at playing the role in a better film but if this is the best anyone can offer third time around, then Lara Croft should stick to the consoles.
There's a bright side: If I had to choose between Vikander's Tomb Raider and [Michael Fassbender's] Assassin's Creed, I'd go for her unremarkable Tomb Raider. I'd rather some shut-eye than a stress headache.
I wouldn't go as far to say Lara Croft has been redeemed on the big screen, but it's a start.
When the film finally settles in, it becomes a fun hybrid of 1999's The Mummy and Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade.
There's just not enough gas in the "Tomb Raider" tank to make it from start to finish, with the character and the brand name requiring intense concentration on the hunt for danger, not the explanation of it.
...while it never becomes eye-rollingly awful, it rarely attains a level much higher than mildly interesting.
Unlike last year's silly 'Wonder Woman,' while both are impossible fantasies that defy credibility, this one is peripatetic entertainment that doesn't distort history or use real people's names...'Raiders of the Lost Ark' on steroids.
This is one of the most faithful video game adaptations ever made...I think Tomb Raider fans will mostly be happy. It's not a great film by any means, but for the most part it's a fun action thriller to watch.
Tomb Raider was a step in the right direction for video game movies...it has a lot of enjoyment in it...some of the issues in this movie, among them pacing, character and plot, might be a bit too much for some of you.
A destined franchise-starter headlined by a particularly fierce Alicia Vikander, 2018's "Tomb Raider" reboot holds substantially more heart and seat-clinging thrills than its Angelina Jolie-starring predecessors.
Vikander successfully conveys the toughness and focus you might expect in, say, a champion triathlete. But she struggles to endow Lara with iconic force, which is not altogether her fault, considering how little she has to work with.
There are worse ways to spend two hours.
It's a different kind of Tomb Raider, certainly. But for an adventure film, it's disconcertingly dull.
More than the sets or spectacle, Vikander pulls you into her picture, as if we've signed up for a special edition of the game where Lara Croft has only one life to spare, one go to get it right.
This Lara is spunky and fearless, with a mind of her own. That's nice to see, but what does it matter in a movie that's dull when it's not inexplicable, and is riddled with bad dialogue and worse special effects?
Story problems tank the new "Tomb Raider" - small, essential things like lack of motivation, lack of reasons for people to do the things they do, and lack of any reason for the audience to keep watching.
If the production had asked as much of its plot as it does of Vikander and co-star Daniel Wu, the end result might have been a different matter.
You can take Angelina Jolie out of Tomb Raider, but you can't make the movie any more exciting - even if you replace her with Academy Award winner Alicia Vikander.
Why get Walton Goggins as your villain then give him such a milquetoast role?
Vikander makes Lara Croft cool again after The Cradle of Life nearly ruined her.
Vikander attacks this role at a headlong pace, with a raspy primal yelp, and she's so much fun to watch. This modern and grounded approach to Lara Croft has you in its chokehold before you can resist. Might as well go along for the rest of the ride.
Videogame heroine Lara Croft is back, but she's left the fun behind in a lazy updating of an outdated franchise.
the only thing about the new Tomb Raider with any pizzazz is the name of its director: Roar Uthaug.
Lara Croft is back on the big screen with the intention of breaking video game curse. [Full review in Spanish]
... "Tomb Raider" is splendid popcorn fodder that stays true to its source material. Which is much more than practically every other video game adaptation can say.
Lara's appealing enough in humor and drive but Vikander brings deeper notes than the script and green screens require, from sorrow and fear to first-kill horror. Tomb Raider isn't a place to expect good acting, but Vikander persists.
"Tomb Raider" is an often fun and visually compelling action pic, that is also sometimes unintentionally silly, with a great actress leading the whole thing.
In fact, the physical and emotional toll of being Lara Croft is more evident in this film than it ever was before: watching Vikander heave herself up onto the wing of a rusty World War II plane perched over a waterfall is to feel your own biceps burn.
As far as attempts to kickstart a franchise based on sub-par material go, Tomb Raider is better than The Mummy, or the last Tomb Raiders, which of course isn't saying much.
I have not played the game in a long time, and this movie won't make me want to play it again. But I would like to see another Lara Croft outing, as it is always good to have another strong woman on the big screen.
It's not a terrible film. Unthaug choreographs some decent action and effects sequences and Vikander does her best with limited resources, but the overall question you're left with after two hours is, quite simply, why?
"Tomb Raider" is no masterpiece, but it's rare to see a franchise reinvent its hero so dramatically and so successfully.
The Citizen Kane of grabbing onto things and pulling herself up.
Without the interactive component, we're just watching moldy movie tropes retranslated back into movie form. And by the end, the craven franchise aspirations have obliterated even the very modest retro appeal.
It seems inevitable that Lara will be back for more; next time, maybe the whole thing can feel just a smidge more like its own film.
Vikander's Lara is all business, streamlined and efficient, and the film follows dutifully in kind.
Impressively contrived.
A reboot of Tomb Raider might not have been necessary, but at least Alicia Vikander makes a pretty convincing Lara Croft.
This film clearly aims to be the first in a new franchise, and, on the strength of this, it will be
After years of attempts, no one expects a video game movie to be high cinema. But if Tomb Raider wasn't going to be great, I had at least held out hope that it would be entertaining.
What makes Vikander's interpretation work is that this new-and-somewhat-improved "Tomb Raider" has been conceived as both a back-to-basics origin story and a smart, forward-thinking spin on a character with a tricky representational history.
Alicia Vikander worked herself into hardbody shape for Tomb Raider, which by contrast is a flabby, lazy mess.
There's something about seeing this strong female character push her capabilities that's genuinely thrilling and empowering. We finally have a worthy cinematic avatar!
One can only assume this is Alicia Vikander's anniversary gift to Michael Fassbender, so that he can feel a bit better about the underwhelming Assassin's Creed.
This "origin story" feels like leftovers.
It's a B- movie, shackled by being a feature-length origin story prologue, with an A- leading lady at its center.
Such a uniquely interesting character deserves more than a run-of-the-mill action franchise, but nearly 40 years after Raiders of the Lost Ark, we're still getting pits and spikes, spiders and snakes.
If I see this silly woman clambering through jungles once more - formerly Angelina Jolie, she is now Alicia Vikander - I'll go stark, napalm-wielding mad.
In terms of acting, everyone is pretty good, but especially Alicia Vikander as Lara and Daniel Wu as Lu Ren.
Sensitivity and realism elevates the stakes of the film to such an extent that, combined with its playfulness and inventiveness, we can already safely call Tomb Raider one of the year's best action films.
Vikander packs a punch but this Tomb Raider is a long way off the Holy Grail of the first three Indy movies.
What you see is definitely what you get with this one. Many might just find that more than enough.
Vikander is a fine Lara Croft. Moviewise, however, she could use a better set of clues.
The film may be based on a video game but we could be back in the world of Ray Harryhausen B-movie matinee adventures of the 1960s and 1970s.
Vikander, who has clearly been put through the brutal pullups-and-jump-squats gauntlet of action-movie bootcamp, is tiny but powerful, an ab-rippling sprite to Jolie's hourglass Amazonian.
Throughout Vikander maintains a kind of serene evenness of manner. Blandness is Lara's theme.
Tomb Raider fails to develop interesting characters or motives but at least offers viewers some fun action.
Part II needs to switch gears and hone in all the crowd-pleasing thrills that come with an A-level adventure franchise. Think Raiders of the Lost Ark. The Marvel movies. Jumanji. Otherwise, the film should stay buried.
Still a long ways to go for the genre, but this iteration of Tomb Raider is by far the best movie adaptation of a video game so far. Alicia Vikander IS Lara Croft. [Full review in Spanish]
An obligatory setup for a sequel slows down the final moments, but until then, Tomb Raider feels like a perfectly paced trio of espresso shots, with a shot of adrenaline to the heart as a chaser.
For all of its dedication to breathing life into the game, the movie Tomb Raider doesn't establish its own sense of adventure, or dial into a genuine rush or tingle that comes with watching an action movie.
The movie is full of vine-swinging, bow-and-arrow-shooting, ancient-spirit-meeting action, but most of it is staged on a convincing human scale, one that's been expertly tailored to its star's understated directness.
Alicia Vikander gamely steps into the kick-ass role twice played by Angelina Jolie, but the derivative story and cardboard supporting characters are straight out of 1930s movie serials.
The grunty, superficially ruthless realism prized by the filmmakers needs something with more substance, a sturdy frame of 2x4s rather than a wisp of paper and a couple of missing dads.
A thrilling action adventure that pays clever tribute to its video game origins. If you're a fan, you may find yourself subconsciously reaching for the X button...
Lara Croft is actually the worst thing about her own movie.
Will it light the world on fire like Wonder Woman? No, but Tomb Raider is another step in the right direction of female empowerment finding representation in cinema.
Relentless action & a likable heroine in its favour, Tomb Raider is a competent run at the video game franchise. A lazy plot does the film a disservice, & a little more faith in Vikander to bring the emotions would have helped elevate the film.
This isn't an adaptation of a video game so much as an adaptation of a video game's tutorial level.
Picks up where the previous Tomb Raider left off: By being totally forgettable.
Imagine Raiders of the Lost Ark, if there was a very real possibility that the Nazis were full of shit about the Ark of the Covenant: that's the tone Tomb Raider strikes, with relative success.
Is Tomb Raider a movie you should take seriously and expect to be a groundbreaking film? No. Is this a movie that you can enjoy with a box of popcorn and see some cool action sequences and shoot-em-up adventures? Yes.
Duller than the original, and at least some of that can be blamed on Vikander
A good beginning has been made. Vikander is indeed a worthy successor to Jolie. Let's hope the franchise makes full use of her dramatic and athletic talents in future as well.
Tomb Raider does enough to reignite the franchise onscreen by giving its protagonist a timely and relevant overhaul to confidently launch Alicia Vikander as this generation's Lara Croft.
The ensuing race-against-the-clock narrative is crammed with chases, stunts and cheesy effects, and totally devoid of intensity.
Angelina Jolie would be slightly envious of Alicia Vikander's Lara Croft. That being said, the film feels like a gruff handshake when it should have felt like a warm hug.
The action is edited to ribbons, and an over-reliance on CG augmentation starves the more ambitious set pieces of any sense of threat or physicality.
[Alicia] Vikander's more realistic take is fine, but it is bland and saddled with a saccharine rendering of the father-daughter relationship.

@highlight

Tomb Raider reboots the franchise with a more grounded approach and a star who's clearly more than up to the task -- neither of which are well served by an uninspired origin story.