... unfortunately in the end and the adjective "good" does not sit well with this film. [Full review in Spanish]
Bears a superficial resemblance to "The Conformist" and "The Garden of the Finzi-Continis," with their sense of dreary complacency, oppressively museum-like spaces, and curiously drab natural settings, but ultimately "Good" is less evocative
A tale illustrating the banality of evil is as timely as ever but the execution is heavy-handed and even with location filming and elaborate sets it still feels very theatrical.
Good isn't great. The film has a quality cast who turn in fine performances in a movie that aims to be profound but isn't.
Ultimately Good, like its central figure, seems to lack the courage of its convictions.
A strong cast and good starting material doesn't manage to save this unsuccessful adaptation.
By all accounts, Taylor's play was a more experimental piece than this film, in which the production values, like the acting, veer between the acceptable and the stodgy.
Not for the first time, great theatre makes for a merely adequate film.
It's a thought-provoking theme, which is rather let down by a thoroughly unconvincingly turn from Mortensen.
To its credit, Good is at least a piece with something serious to say, with little of the meretricious responsibility-deflecting that The Reader dealt in.
We're gearing up for a clunker of a climax involving musically gifted interns at the world's sprucest concentration camp. Mortensen wears it well, but this feels like very old hat.
Good's attempts to diagnose the cancerous spread of Nazi influence through Germany's population in the mid-'30s is laudable, but despite Mortensen's stoic talents Halder is just too hollow a character for this to be anything other than a vapid parable.
The point is how does a "good" man get seduced by evil? Thing is, the movie's so muted and keeps viewers at such arm's length, you cease to wonder.
It is a fine piece of acting from Mortensen, who portrays his character's weakness superbly. But Good sometimes lacks pace and direction. On balance this is an intelligent and sensitive approach to a very dark era of history.
It may have been a good stage play: people say it was. But its author, the late C.P. Taylor, was not around to stop it becoming a lousy film.
Mortensen isn't bad, though he looks merely absent-minded rather than anguished.
There are gripping moments of tough, muscular moral tension, mainly when Isaacs steps in, but these are dissipated by occasionally cringeworthy dialogue and a limply executed bourgeois subtext.
The original play, once dubbed one of the 100 best of the century, is fleshed out with skill by Amorim but somehow his film never comes fully to life. Even its melodramatic ending falls flat.
Despite strong performances and decent production design, Good lacks the emotional weight it needs to deliver the requisite punch. Disappointing.
Set in that weird film version of Nazi Germany full of RADA-trained Home Counties poshos, Good is, in a sense, an amazing achievement- it makes the Holocaust boring.
There's probably a great film to be made about the way ordinary Germans succumbed to the allure of Nazism - but this weakly directed film, adapted from CP Taylor's acclaimed 1981 stage play, isn't it.
This isn't gritty realism; it's a morality tale, and it's made with quiet passion and real power
Viggo Mortensen stars as Prof John Halder - far too handsome for such a part: in life, the bookish are usually ugly as sin, let's face facts.
It's not up there with The Conformist, or even The Reader, but it's well worth your time.
It inevitably leaves a mark upon you, but with a more considered portrayal, it could have permeated the viewer like an indelible stain.
Despite its limitations it is about an important issue, how easy it is to compromise yourself, your ideals, your friendships in times of stress.
Mortensen ably carries most of the weight, with a minimalist performance.
This adaptation is drab and lifeless enough to make one suspect it was never much of a play in the first place.
This film contributes to the important debate about morality in times of political trauma and oppression of personal freedoms
Despite a strong performance by Viggo Mortensen and a tangible melancholy mood that reflects his character's inner conflict, the result is a disappointing and muted affair that keeps us at arms' length, when our emotions should be at their most vulnerable
Amorim and screenwriter John Wrathall have produced a compelling intellectual exercise, a movie that openly wrangles with complex ethical territory
Good has solid performances, but it has a hollow emotional core and, ultimately, lacks any enough insights and suspense to keep you truly intrigued.
"Good" is good news for Viggo Mortensen in that he gets to flex his acting chops in a new direction. But thin directing and screenwriting fail to provide the power needed to bring his performance to life.
The subject -- self-deception and failure of nerve in an unjust world -- is too messy and horrible to laugh away.
Good contributes very little to a conundrum that has occupied historians and psychologists for half a century.
Good has a stagy fustiness, but it's worth seeing for Mortensen, who makes this study of   a 'good German' look creepily contemporary. He shows us the horror   of ignorance.
No actor has ever looked less comfortable in a Nazi uniform than Viggo Mortensen does...
It's a powerful film on its own merits, but it also points out how tame and impotent The Reader is in examining similar issues.
It definitely wouldn't have done anyone involved with Good any harm to ask what relevance heavy-handed history plays have to do with the world of today.
Morally speaking, everything about Good is tidily correct. But it is more a predictable parable than a full-fledged narrative.
There are some striking locations and certainly the era continues to fascinate audiences (and, particularly this year, filmmakers). Too bad, then, that this is such a disappointment -- awkwardly directed and flatly scripted.
We know just what each character will do, and exactly where each path will lead. And we're never wrong.
The banality of evil has met its match in the banality of Good, a Holocaust parable that barely registers a pulse.
Viggo Mortensen looks the part but never brings it home with great conviction or passion. I never believed in the character and that greatly diminished the film's ability to argue its ethical case.
The banality of evil is a rich subject; the cluelessness of same, not so much.
A worthy attempt to give the banality of bureaucratic evil both an individualized credibility and a somber universal warning
Fails to convince that this man could remain so removed from the horrifying events unfolding around him.
A really terrible movie based on what I imagine was a far more interesting 1981 play.
A subtle and quietly devastating film directed by Vicente Amorim from John Wrathall's delicately written adaptation of a play by C.P. Taylor.
Though the film opens with an intriguing burnished look, it bogs down about halfway through with talkiness and uneven pacing. When reality finally dawns on Halder, it is not only too late for him to redeem himself, but too late for the audience to care.
To those who wonder if we really need Hollywood to give us more Holocaust stories, I would argue yes, just better ones than we get with Good.
Good is an anemic screen adaptation of C. P. Taylor's play about a respectable 'good German' who passively acquiesces to Hitler's agenda.
'Good' bares its heart on its sleeve way prior to its closing dedications.
Good is pretty schematic — betraying its theatrical roots, perhaps. It's also a little drawn out. But it demonstrates the surprising power of character flaws in drama.
An ambitious move about a Nazi professor played by Viggo Mortensen that never really grabs hold of us because it's difficult to identify with the main character.
Despite its rather highbrow pedigree, Good's journey along its predetermined path from book burnings to concentration camps reeks of middlebrow button-pushing, which the cast's clipped British accents do nothing to dispel.
Decidedly blunt and unaffecting.
A character study of a Nazi quisling that's frequently too muddled to reach even the level of banality.
Sincere but stilted adaptation of the 1980s stage play dissecting a German intellectual's embrace of the Nazi Party.
Mortensen evidently thought that a stuttering and maddeningly tentative delivery renders the man, as written, understandable, or creditable, or sympathetically good.
Good feels more self-important than satisfying.
Despite Mortensen's heroic effort, Good is simply not good, a failed version of a stylized, powerful play of ideas about the devastating price of conformity.
One's ability to wholeheartedly embrace the story is consistently hampered by the distinct atmosphere of staginess and artificiality...
Absorbing drama about a good man who is blind to the horrors of Germany's Nazi regime.
Good is an admirable though poorly-executed adaptation of Scottish playwright CP Taylor's 1981 play about the rise of Nazism. But it never acquires the play's philosophical weight, dramatic power or provocative imagination.
For Amorim, who only claims his second feature with Good, it's best to see the film as a next step towards honing the quality storytelling skills needed for making successful movies.
The often impressive Mortensen can't make Halder much more than a stereotypical academic milquetoast. Other perfs come off just adequate, though not for lack of effort.





@highlight

Though ambitious, Good stumbles in the transition from stage to screen, and Mortensen's performance isn't enough to cover its flaws.