Writer George Northy embraces the high school dilemma and fuses it with a touch of drama that gives the film massive heart.
Extremely edgy comedy sends up gay best friend stereotypes.
It's a light, fluffy concoction but one so playful and unpretentious that it's easy to like. This is the high school movie gay teens have been waiting for.
When you reach the end of this title you feel rather exhausted, so maybe an entire season would be pushing it just that little bit too far.
The result is mostly swishy, sweet fun, although admittedly it might have benefitted from a bit of tweaking to fluff up bigger, better, and bitchier one-liners.
Chronic bubble-gum highschool farce in which gay characters are reduced to tokenistic social accessories.
An original premise and earnest tone go a long way.
A colourful, hyperactive romp that, despite attempting to bust apart teen-flick clichés, quickly conforms to type.
Fun, sugary sweet and just the right side of kitsch.
Politically gentle but winningly averse to any kind of piety.
Employing cliches in fresh and unexpected ways, "G.B.F." is endearing, energetic and thoughtful. Parents shouldn't be afraid of the unnecessary R-Rating.
There are many moments when the dialogue strains too hard to be hip, and when the humor goes too broad [...] [b]ut it's hard to complain when every scene in G.B.F. seems to unearth a new, pleasant surprise.
I guess I've seen worse teen sex comedies, but it's rare to encounter one this stupid.
The actors are all young and mostly unknown, but they've clearly studied the genre and turn in believable performances.
It's a frothy satire about adolescent social manners, a bit like "Clueless" or a tongue-in-cheek take on the 1980s-'90s "Degrassi" television series.
"G.B.F" works its concept to death as its silly story builds to a prom scene that revolves around a tepid, underwhelming homage to "Carrie."
Director Darren Stein clearly has some serious themes in mind, even as most of his characters exhibit all the brain cells of amoebae.
Offers an admirable message of tolerance for teen audiences - too bad it's been absurdly saddled with an R rating, even though there's far less innuendo than in "Easy A.''
One fierce and unforgettable comedy that offers some stereotypes alongside a slew of belly laughs.
[A] very funny and thoughtful take on how straights often objectify queers - and how increased visibility in the media can result in an expectation to conform to stereotypes.
Sharp satire cutting through the sweet silliness makes this a refreshing change of pace for teen comedies.
The young cast holds their own, though Megan Mullally as Tanner's best friend's mother steals all her scenes.
It's cheery but still has a bit of a bite, makes a point without ever being too preachy and features a litany of quotable lines with a cleverness not seen since Heathers.
It eventually offers enough LOL opportunities to deserve a passing grade.
Has sass but not laughs.
At first, it appears that "G.B.F." is going to be a gay send-up of "Mean Girls." But this cleverly scripted, crowd-pleasing teen comedy proves to be more than that.
Until being young and gay is a nonissue for everyone everywhere, these kinds of stories will always have their place.
Sharply important themes make this film a lot more important than its wacky style might suggest.
A few sweet moments highlight the importance of acceptance and being yourself, but these after-school-special interludes clash with the snarky tone.
Shallow work, self-conscious to the extreme, better off with a production headspace that's considerate with the issues it raises, more about a human touch than overly processed dialogue and hypocritical characterizations.
Writer George Northy and director Darren Stein manage to subvert and salute the traditions of the high school comedy.
G.B.F. imparts a message many people will do well to hear. That it does so in such entertaining fashion makes it worth seeking out.
A refreshing, colourfully acted, rainbow-friendly look at modern high-school life, G.B.F. unfortunately wavers too much between the humanity and the hilarity to be a great film.
A smart and frothy teen farce for anyone who has ever felt that the flag they've been waving has wrapped itself around their throat and is cutting off their air supply.
Genially cartoonish but also rather sweet.
The film, lensed in appealing candy-striped colors, has so much fun exploding stereotypes and radiates with such infectious comic gusto and genuine good nature, that it would be almost churlish to resist its charms.
Occasional laughs don't outweigh an incoherent tone in gay-forward teen comedy.
...not a deep movie, but the plot moves quickly, there are plenty of laughs, and it's a pleasant fantasy, even if it doesn't correspond to anyone's real experience.
A cheerful, colorful sitcom of a high-school comedy in which a trio of sassy 'mean girls' vie for the attentions of their first 'out' classmate, after reading in their style magazines that gay sidekicks are 'the hottest new trend' for teen queen bees.

@highlight

G.B.F. explores high school relationship dynamics and teen stereotypes with a refreshingly humorous touch - and surprisingly subtle smarts.