A smart spectacle that moves like a mini-musical, the 3-D animated Rio 2 is also a superior sequel.
Rio 2 may not bring a lot of originality to the screen, but it's a simple entertaining alternative to the movies the kids have already seen, and that might be just enough to turn a profit.
Colourful and well-paced except for a cloyingly sweet song or two, the kids will enjoy this one.
A lot of jumping between subplots, combined with the familiar approach, means Rio 2 fails to reach the great heights of the original.
Director Carlos Saldanha's love for his native Rio shines through, but that's not quite enough to save the messy, sprawling story.
Thoroughly mediocre.
Not surprisingly, what was a colorful, featherweight lark the first time around sags on re-entry due to sloppy familial baggage.
If Rio showed that 20th Century Fox Animation had finally moved into Disney's neighborhood, with Rio 2 they've taken off their shoes and propped their feet up on the coffee table.
The plot struggles to take wing at first, but Eisenberg is very funny as the fretful, accident-prone Blu.
I'm endlessly frustrated at not being able to have entertainment without a side of political and social preaching. Still, Rio 2 is a cute enough movie.
I enjoyed it while I was watching it.
Rio 2 is fine for what it is, but it's yet another film filling the market with the same kind of movie.
The fun and entertainment of the original is nowhere to be found, replaced instead with a rushed and overstuffed plot which leads to a film that tries to reach out in so many directions that it ends up getting nowhere.
In general, Rio 2 feels less inspired and more forced than its predecessor.
There are moments, mainly from the menagerie of menacers, but, flying mostly on feather-light plots, this avian animation just isn't flockin' hilarious.
The film is at its most entertaining in the musical sequences.
Largely boring, repetitive sequel to the 2011 hit about exotically coloured birds of South America who sing and dance.
So much is going on here, yet nothing of consequence feels like it's *happening*.
The plot ... borrows very heavily from some of Ben Stiller's live-action hits, in particular a trio of comedies that, like this would-be 'series,' also worse and more crass as the follow-up films were churned out in assembly line fashion."
... a stylish but shallow follow-up lacking the freshness of an original that was mediocre in the first place.
All singing, all dancing, all color: Rio 2 is a modern, studio animation blockbuster spilling all over the place, rather than arching into the sky.
A marked decline in every way from an original that really couldn't afford it.
The derivative Rio 2 is a riot of color with groovy music, but not a single original moment to its name.
There'll be a Rio 3. Probably a Rio 4. They will be brightly colored and not bother anyone. You'll simultaneously remember them somewhat fondly and also not remember much about them at all. "That one bird," you'll think, "he was ok."
Rio was pretty generic to begin with, and the follow-up doesn't fly far from the nest...[it's the] vocally virtuosic amorous aria, 'Poisonous Love,' that is the picture's hands-down highlight.
A frantic, family-friendly, musical adventure that's filled with familiar feathered friends.
bucks the usual law of diminishing sequel returns with a great story, even better new dangers, and a voice performance by Kristen Chenowith as Gabi, a lovesick poison dart frog that is destined to become a classic.
Enjoyable music and traces of authentic Brazilian spirit provide reasonable compensation for Rio 2's derivative qualities and storytelling flaws (if only barely so).
Presents a relentless sweep of bright colours impeccably choreographed to samba, R&B and show tunes. Amidst all the revelry, the busy plot and characters garner as much attention as the wheels on a carnival truck.
"Rio 2" is a lively, colorful, amusing 3D computer-animated adventure.
Saldanha's sequel is infused with spectacular scenery, toe-tapping music, and a myriad of creatures and colors.
The movie has one goal: to amuse the most children with the least amount of effort.
The musical moments, on the whole, stand out as the highlights of the film; Rio 2 becomes watchable when the flat characters shut up and sing.
The colour and sounds of Brazil ensure Rio 2 keeps its exotic plumage, but the plot and pastiche characters come straight out of Southern California's big fat fanny pack.
Rio 2 has a childish, delicious-looking beauty. It's like watching a box of Froot Loops explode just beyond the tip of your nose. Bring milk.
Director and cowriter Carlos Saldanha's film is, above all, a spectacular CG travelogue of his native Brazil, with a virtual zoo of Amazonian residents in their otherworldly natural habitats.
Like its peppy predecessor, Rio 2 doesn't look or sound like other animated licenses to print money. That alone is reason enough to appreciate it.
Like a taxidermist's turkey: overstuffed and lifeless.
Catchy music and just a few predators in fun sequel.
Where the film excels ... in an even more pronounced way than the first film, is in the choreographed animation for the musical numbers.
In spite of some sloppiness this movie earns a lot of good will for having its heart in the right place.
Colorful, blandly inoffensive, test marketed to within an inch of its little life, and set upon the world with a resounding "you could do worse!"
Rio 2 feels less like a new adventure and a lot like an excuse to do more of the same.
Overstuffed and overly demonstrative, Saldanha's sequel is at once perfectly fine and perfectly forgettable.
I'm sorry. I just found the whole thing tedious with a capital "T." This is an overstuffed, deeply padded film that sorely lacks drive and urgency. (Full Content Review for Parents also Available)
"Rio 2" ends up being not so much about the birds as mostly for the birds.
How is this rated G?
The "Rio" movies seem to me a little too conventional in terms of story and especially in terms of character - never have animated movies had such a serious dearth of funny sidekicks.
It'll keep the kids content for a couple of hours, though it's likely to bore the grown-ups.
If the original movie was forgettable for the most part, Rio 2 at least has the dishonorable advantage of being memorable for the wrong reasons.
Like an obnoxious relative at a family gathering, Rio 2 grabs you by the arm and insists you're having fun, even when you both know you're not.
A misguided sequel that seems meandering and carelessly thrown together with no attention paid to its mixed messaging and detrimental alteration in location. "Rio 2" takes a property that was already on the mediocre side and cuts it at the knees.
Although at times over-plotted and slow to get going, this sequel is bright and entertaining, with musical numbers that rock the rainforest.
It's as good as the first one and sure to please both the kiddies and adults with its two-tiered humor.
A shamelessly uninspired follow-up, Rio 2 is just plain tedious - a boring, overly familiar pastiche of sitcom problems, acted out by annoying animals, and scored with music that should make it all feel invigorating, not infuriating.
Wonderfully animated and well-voiced, "Rio 2" is nevertheless too much. Too much plot, too many issues, too many characters.
The cinematic equivalent of attack by kaleidoscope, "Rio 2" sucks you in and whirls you around before spitting you out, exhausted.
The story flows, but not always freely, thanks to its manufactured feel.
[A] ramshackle, riotously beautiful sequel to the smash 2011 musical-comedy.
The plot gets clunky pretty early on.
Those who enjoyed the adventures of Blu and Jewel and company in the first Rio are going to find the sequel an equally pleasing diversion.
The animation is fine, but Rio 2 is bland, not very funny, and even poorly plotted.
All in all, though, the movie feels at once too busy and too derivative. That's no easy feat, but it's also one sequel-makers probably shouldn't aspire to.
almost a Playstation operetta
The film's knockout number goes to Chenoweth, whose no-holds-barred 'Poisonous Love' is a winner.
With so much going on, it's a wonder this kids' movie is only five minutes longer than the original. But for the music and brilliantly picturesque look, it's worth the 3-D ticket.
An agreeable song-and-dance movie, a laugh here, a laugh there, pleasant but overly busy, for seemingly no real reason other than to throw a few more set pieces at the wall to see what sticks.
Simply tries too hard; overly busy and uncomfortably noisy, it tries one's patience, though the animation is colorful and kids might enjoy it.
The movie's an acceptable, if tiring, baby sitter.
It's like the last "Hobbit" movie - so much time passes between side plots that you have to jog the memory when a minor character appears again. Who's that toucan again? Is he a bad guy?
Even when it's coarse and calculating, this is an eager entertainment machine that will keep the kids satisfied. Just don't tell them that the Rio movies are musical comedies about an avian genocide.
More characters, more montages, more singing, more dancing, more preaching - it's certainly more exhausting.
We're grading on a sliding scale here. But if "Rio 2" is hardly Pixar quality, it's certainly better than the average animated sequel.
Rio 2 teems with colorful animated splendor and elaborate musical numbers, but its rambling, hectic, if good-hearted, story is for the birds.
Missing the freshness and unexpected charm of the original effort, Rio 2 is more entertaining than stimulating, with the strain to keep the money train rolling showing through much of the feature.
Despite the attempts at broadening the secondary ideological themes, this is another familiar father-in-crisis tale, dotted with musical interludes for Chenoweth and Clement, and dressed in brighter plumage.
"Rio 2" is not what I would call Amazon prime, but it's got enough silly songs and daffy critters to keep the little ones happy.
Rio had at least some life to it; Rio 2 feels like hollow, dusty dead-in-the-eyes taxidermy in the name of pure profit.
If you're an adult who doesn't want children of your own, seeing "Rio 2" in a packed theater may be enough to schedule a vasectomy. But that isn't the macaws fault.
Michael Bay could take a note that when we come to see birds (or Transformers), we don't need lots of human interference (Shia LaBeouf shrieking)
Roaring new songs are countered by apparent missed opportunities. Even the message is bunk.
Adults, with children or not, assume these monstrosities will placate them a little bit, namely with jokes that may or may not go over the heads of their pint-sized demographic. Every now and then 'Rio 2' remembers to do this.
Rio 2 feels like biting down on a golf-ball-size bolus of Skittles while a youth counselor sitting backward in a chair fist-bumps you and shouts, "The environment is cool, brah!"
Rio 2 can't make up its mind whether it's an environmental tract, bonding exercise, survival trip, or "American Idol" parody. But at least it never stops moving, which should be enough to keep the kids entertained.
More characters, more actors, more songs. More pandering, fewer laughs.
Mostly uninspired and rarely even remotely entertaining, you'd be better off sticking with the original Rio... and by that, we mean the one in Brazil.
A spirited journey, peppered with plucky action, some rousing musical numbers, and a dash of silly slapstick.
[VIDEO ESSAY] Between the film's white-world-order depiction of a multicultural society and its ham-fisted treatment of an ostensibly pro-ecology agenda, "Rio 2" is a confused piece of animation propaganda.
The net effect is a shapeless would-be diversion in which things just happen independently, a string of effects missing any cause.
Rio 2 is a bird of a different feather, beefing up a story full of heart and soul for this better than average sequel.
After the snappy, clever 2011 original, this sequel feels rather lazy by comparison: it's still visually colourful and sometimes witty, but the overcrowded story is all over the place, mixing wacky slapstick and corny satire with a political message.
Saldanha and his team of crack animators paint the vibrant, verdant settings in eye-catching detail, providing ample visual distraction from the patchy plot ...
A cosy behemoth that kids (and even their parents) will find impossible to resist.
There is enough colour, wit and inventiveness here to make this acceptable enough Easter holiday fare for children and adults alike.
It's the same mix of colourfully frantic action, sharp sight gags and catchy musical numbers.
Although slightly simple and predictable in narrative, there's enough Rio flavour - be it carnival, football, heat or culture - to keep the momentum.
A very unfocused, sporadically funny film, lifted by its (predictable) visual splendour.
Rio 2 is no less engaging than the first film.
It's hard to ascribe much art or wit to a franchise that retains the services of will.i.am as comic relief ...
Exuberant musical numbers and gorgeous visuals make this fly.
This is what passes for a children's movie these days: a 1950s sitcom drawn in pretty tropical CGI colors with a few mostly forgettable songs tossed in.
Does this slick Blue Sky sequel cut the animated feature mustard in a post LEGO Movie world? No, it really doesn't.
The animation is pretty to look at, but this jumbled jungle of half-witted ideas and half-cocked jokes is strictly for the brazil nuts.
The swooping 3D musical numbers pop with colour - but it's hard to see where this feathered-family franchise could fly next.
Boasting a stellar cast of returning faces and a few well-chosen new recruits, Rio 2 is affable and charming Easter holiday viewing that's unlikely to prove any more memorable than its predecessor.
Given the strikingly colourful, vibrant aesthetic, and the South American flavour that exists, with a carnival spirit prevalent, sadly the animation is somewhat underwhelming.
Rio 2 is an amiable enough cartoon, as forgettable as its predecessor but certainly colourful and incident packed enough to be marked as passable family entertainment.
There are problems here ... but the characterisation is feisty and memorable, the song-and-dance sequences intricate and colourful, and it'll charm the socks off little people.
A heart-warming, toe-tapping, eye-popping 3D adventure.
As a delightfully bright and breezy bit of 3D animated entertainment Rio 2 hits the sweet spot, and will no doubt be a box office hit with its blend of good-natured jungle adventure, songs and gags.
There's plenty here to attract both kids and adults alike in Saldanha's colorful imagining of the Amazonian rainforest's avian communities.
Finally proves more exhausting than exhilarating as it lectures you about respecting Mother Nature one minute, knocks you over with a Gloria Gaynor cover the next, and squeezes in a lot of questionable comic relief in between.

@highlight

Like most sequels, Rio 2 takes its predecessor's basic template and tries to make it bigger -- which means it's even busier, more colorful, and ultimately more exhausting for viewers outside the youthful target demographic.