It's a great whodunit.
This strange thriller mixes a penchant for grittiness with the surreal and very very dark stylings of David Lynch, who happens to be the father of the director...
The characters do not stand out, the drama is not compelling, and the screenplay is light on even remotely interesting dialogue.
It is staggering to think that a film could be so horrifically nihilistic and so painfully boring at the same time, but Lynch has done it.
[S]low-boil sinister, delivering the kind of simmering menace that few films can bother to take the time for these days...
The pacing is so slow, you just want to yell out at the screen, "get on with it."
Jennifer is no David Lynch and her film, while inventive and quirky and at time quite devious, misses the organic alchemy of his films.
Some will be unable to appreciate the movie's savagery on any level. Others will find it affecting and uncompromising, the kind of movie that plunges you into a nightmare and ratchets up the intensity until you're grateful for a moment's respite.
A festival of carnage that's sometimes funny and sometimes waaay over the line.
Pullman's striking performance here is undermined by Lynch's overreliance on those same grisly shock tactics, as well as a script that fails to capitalize on a promising premise and then swiftly collapses upon the revelation of a not-so-shocking twist.
The film's a failure.
In this long-time-coming sophomore film, Lynch exercises powers of her own. She gets repellant, seductive, sympathetic performances from her actors. Ormond and Pullman are frightfully good at teasing intimacy.
Surveillance is a respectable murder mystery until its contrived 'big reveal' causes it to deflate faster than an inner tube that was just sat on by a morbidly obese person.
There are a couple of admittedly arresting images on display here and there--not enough to make this film worth watching but enough to make you hope that it doesn't take Lynch another 16 years to make another one.
Surveillance suggests 'Jennifer Lynchian' should be used for films that aspire to David's moody, idiosyncratic genius and fall woefully short.
A wholly engaging partial misfire, if that makes sense -- a spare yet stylish marginal recommendation that connects due to its provocative premise and ruminations on violence, and the considerations that spawns.
Its mad killers may wear masks. But the real and cheap disguise here is the film's own -- an exploitation shocker trying to pass itself off as art.
A grubby, disturbing serial-killer mystery, a kind of blood-simple Rashomon.
The most enjoyable way to watch Surveillance -- 'enjoyable' in the relative sense -- is to take its awfulness for granted and pay attention to everything Bill Pullman does.
Surveillance is a crafty crime film with an involving setup and a ridiculous payoff, but there's enough here to make it worth a viewing at least on DVD or cable.
Falls somewhere in between the somewhat tongue-in-cheek tone of Wild at Heart and the more au courant trend toward savage, nihilistic deranged-killer movies.
Has solid acting, but offers very little in terms of suspense, intelligence and intrigue. It completely falls apart into an inane, contrived and perverse mess that leaves you with a bad aftertaste.
Performances are outstanding across the board.
The picture is twisted and disturbing and funny. Director Jennifer Lynch has pushed the material to the wall -- she has a gift for violence and perversity, and she never pulls back.
Ether a ludicrously bad movie or a parody of same. Either way, it's pretty funny.
Every so often, you come upon a movie so jaw-droppingly wrong, you wonder if your eyes are deceiving you.
Its dark weirdness turns it into a surreal blur.
Surveillance starts interesting, gets ugly, and ends kind of boring.
Riffs on noir influences with an inquisitive visual style that often drifts from the plot at hand.
A would-be transgression that tries to squeeze dark laughs from the spectacle of human suffering.
The film's late, unprepared-for perversity turnabout undoes what has gone before.
Surveillance isn't rewriting history, but it's a solid, entertaining third draft.
Two-thirds of Surveillance is taut and absorbing, yet the cheap third act twist feels tacked on from a lesser talent, say one whose last name rhymes with 'Pshyamalan.'
Doesn't exactly leap off the screen as a diamond example of procedural crime busting cinema, but taken as the next professional step for Lynch, it's an efficient mood piece, setting out to unnerve and baffle, and achieving most of its goals.
One of those love it/hate it movies that leaves you feeling shaken because it presents such a dark vision of the world. Enter at your own risk.
When Surveillance is good, it's a gory, pleasurable ride. When it's not -- it's just gory. But more often than not, it delivers on the camp.
I thought this was depressing and brutal for brutality sake alone.
Enervated and uselessly ugly.
A nasty little slice of backwater depravity.
Jennifer Lynch's nasty little crime procedural is not much more than an exercise, but it's a vivid, smartly executed and refreshingly eccentric one.
From the looks of her latest cinematic abomination, it seems Jennifer Lynch is doomed to forever be regarded as David Lynch%u2019s untalented daughter.
Jennifer Lynch, daughter of David Lynch, proves to be a chip off the old block in this tense, delightfully over-the-top police thriller.
Lynch has clearly learned from her father's knack for crafting eerily unsettling movies, although her instincts seem to favor solid genre thrills.
Beneath the film's surface appeal as a twisty, morbidly funny freak-out lies a weightier theme on the resilience of children.
Horror fans are likely to guess the twist and feel bored; the more faint-of-heart may simply feel repulsed. And bored.
For a time, Surveillance is sick, smart fun. But then things get weird: yes, there's a big surprise, but its playout is predictable, and nasty.
Véritable bombe à retardement, Surveillance est surtout un thriller qui ose prendre son temps, faisant évoluer chaque parcelle de sa production à la même vitesse...
Nasty, brutish and not short enough, this is a muddled, unpleasant film that falls half-way between not very entertaining horror and not-as-smart-as-it-thinks-it-is arthouse.
Although her tale involves wild-at-heart lovers racing down a lost highway, Lynch has created a whole different shade of black from anything made by her father.
None of the adult characters have any redeeming qualities, yet the filmmakers have managed to create something watchable despite delving into the blackest corners of human nature.
Surveillance may brim with violence and unease, but it's a puzzle box film you'll have grim fun solving.
Lurching between crude comedy and self-conscious excess, Surveillance is just weird enough to keep your attention.
Things aren't what they seem, however - something Lynch tries to hide by steeping her tale in wacky humour and over-ripe acting.
Twisted with black comedy, off-kilter performances, unsettling sound design and jolts of violence, Jennifer Lynch's eminently Lynchian psycho-thriller is far better than its fairly predictable final rug-pull.
Trashy material, arty approach, Lynch's comeback is harsh, puzzling and mostly weird-bad.
While the narrative is hardly original - it meanders to a predictable but juicily malicious climactic twist - 'Surveillance' is never less than a compelling watch.
Structurally, it's a bit of a muddle but Lynch creates a nicely ominous atmosphere with a sound design that looms up on you like a menacing shadow in a dark alleyway.
A violent B-movie bamboozler that, while fun for a spell, is finally unconvincing.
This crime-spree-procedural-with-a-twist isn't evidence of a shockingly overlooked talent, but it's watchable, in a gloating sort of way - although Lynch lacks any fraction of her father's genius, she's pretty good with her cast.
A violent, refreshingly odd mystery.
Sorry to say it, but you can't help wishing Lynch - daughter of esteemed director David - had extended her 16-year wilderness period, because Surveillance simply sucks.
Director Jennifer Lynch has clearly inherited her father David's ability to shock.
The scenes are shot in a clever range of styles, the dialogue is as sharp as a Stanley knife. The atmosphere in the cop shop, where the film closes in for the teased-out development before the recapitulation and surprise coda, is irresistibly seedy.
It's a fiendish little thriller, and undeniably sick, but you won't forget it in a hurry.
Daddy may merely executive produce, but his distinctive grip is everywhere on this rug-puller, whipping you to places darker than a student fridge's underside. Bedtime stories chez Lynch must truly be the stuff of nightmares.
It's a bleak piece of Americana with a twisted smile on its face. Sick, if you like, but there's a real film-maker here and I've never seen Ormond and Pullman so effectively not be their usual screen selves.
An enjoyably dark thriller with weird characters and an intriguing central mystery, though the resolution might not be to everyone's taste.
Jen's tale is nowhere near as complex or subtle as the psycho-trickery regularly peddled by her old man. Still, even if the destination's a disappointment, the journey makes up for it.
There's a decent enough twist and even some super black comedy on offer in this low-key but effective enough thriller.
Jennifer Lynch, daughter of cinema's most celebrated weirdo, David Lynch, takes what could have been a straight-up slasher film and transforms it into a freak-fest that wouldn't look out of place on a double-bill with Lynch Snr's Lost Highway.
This is a sadistic film, so be warned.
A taut, nihilistic, exercise in heartland desolation, and unlike most films whose success is predicated on an 11th-hour twist, it plays 100% fair: The truth is out there from the beginning, if you're willing to see it.



@highlight

This dark psycho-thriller from Jennifer Lynch, is violent, sharp and baffling, but not to everyone's taste.