Hugely entertaining, poignant, funny and thoughtful.
It's a joyous production; the music is alive and dynamic, the skits are clever and funny and self-effacing and the show crackles with energy...
Interesting that one of the best movies of the year is a filming of a play. That's a sad commentary on Hollywood but sufficient reason to see this uplifting and very witty movie.
Lee doesn't reinvent the wheel when it comes to filming live theater, but he moves the camera artfully and edits with an energy that matches the music. And he makes good use of close-ups, capturing the sweaty faces of a troupe of remarkable performers.
Although more of a stage play than a film this performance has great acting and great music combined with a heart felt message.
A rousing, emotional roller coaster that's a must see not just for fans of rock musicals but those with an eye (and an ear) for something unusual - compellingly so.
You'll probably have to resist the urge to stand up and cheer with the onscreen audience during the emotional curtain call.
Spike Lee's Passing Strange: The Movie is basically canned musical theater, but this is one Tony-winning Broadway show that's well worth preserving and seeing.
The invigorating result, zestily edited by Lee's own inside iron man, Barry Brown, is in every way a knockout.
If you passed up the opportunity to catch this Tony-award winning rock musical during its Broadway run, don't make the same mistake with Spike Lee's vibrant film adaptation.
Moving, thrilling and new.
Passing Strange adds to Spike Lee's visionary resume and his eye for fresh talent.
Tender, sexy , funny, moving and profound, Passing Strange bears comparison not just to the great works of the American musical theatre but to literary landmarks like James Baldwin's Another Country and (especially) Ralph Ellison's Invisible Man.
There's much to admire, like the energy and Swiss-watch timing of the players, though this remains a photographed play and not a movie.
Film version of a fresh and spunky Broadway musical about a young black man's quest for self-understanding and creative expression.
a cross between a PBS-style special and a concert movie.
I can't single out a performance. This is a superb ensemble, conveying that joy actors feel when hey know they're good in good material.
A worthy public record of a show most people nationwide didn't get the chance to see.
Like Lee, the artist formerly known as Mark Stewart possesses a powerful and singular voice, one he uses to express vividly his own unique experience of growing up as a black man in America.
If you didn't have a chance to see it on stage, Spike Lee's movie really is the next best thing to being there.
Passing Strange conjures a rare kind of theatrical magic with its emotionally raw, frequently euphoric portrait of the artist as a young man.
It's like seeing a Broadway show from a seat you could never buy. It may be a Spike Lee Joint, but he never forces his stamp on it. He lets it flow in all its joyous wonder.
The cutting is hyperkinetic, yet Lee is always in synch with the cast's phenomenal energy. He's in their thrall -- and so are we.
Filmed over a period of three live performances of Stew's and Heidi Rodewald's popular Broadway musical, director Spike Lee beautifully captures the play's vibrant music and energetic physicality toward a priceless cinematic artifact.


@highlight

Spike Lee's document of the Tony Award-winning musical Passing Strange is every bit as compelling onscreen as it was on stage.