Aside from putting flesh on the bones of characters, there are ways in which a movie can surpass a book. In this case it's through the power of music-both aural and visual.
It's an amazing story.
The subject matter is a little too easy to overdo for that, but it is pretty good, thanks to a pair of fine performances from its leads and a director who understands understatement. And sometimes those can be as rare to find as a genuine musical prodigy.
The Soloist never completely transcends that Hollywood formula feel, but it has enough transcendent moments to make it worth recommending.
There's no crescendo in Joe Wright's drama.
Develops the feel-good plot in true newspaper style: a few heart tugs followed by a punch in the face.
Una película sobre periodismo y marginalidad, sobre el poder redentor del arte y la solidaridad humana, sostenida por dos buenas actuaciones de Jamie Foxx y Robert Downey Jr.
The music's as troubled as the subject matter
"The Soloist" is not a film in which you anticipate Robert Downey Jr. will be twice doused in urine. Such are the territorial markings of Joe Wright, whose directorial quirks undermine moving moments and committed performances in this musical biopic.
The two actors work beautifully together, playing characters who are angry and frustrated in their different ways, and sentimentality is kept firmly at bay.
Intelligent and uncompromising, with knock-out performances from Downey Jr. and Foxx.
A deliriously imperfect film - and all the better for it.
The Soloist brings to life its story with genuine compassion, neatly avoiding many of the traps that afflict Hollywood films about mental illness. And Jamie Foxx's transformation will simply astound.
Ultimately, the reason that The Soloist fails is because the writer and the director have been bamboozled by the seriousness of the subject matter.
A handsomely made but tonally uncertain film; it's unsure whether to be an old-fashioned inspirational heartwarmer, or a paranoid prose-poem about ruined lives on the city's dangerous margins.
The Soloist has its imperfections, but its ambition trumps them.
Wright's major mistake is the flashback to Nathaniel's background. Mundane, TV movie simplistic and, ironically, very middle-class patronising, it causes the film's trajectory to go limp.
The Soloist isn't the cringe-worthy Rain Man rip-off it might have been, but that's the only surprise this film has to offer. If it were a piece of music, it would be the kind you hear in a lift when you're stuck between floors...
Thankfully, there's no contrived Hollywood ending but you can't help thinking this is more a three-minute wonder than a dramatic symphony.
Thanks to heavy-handed treatment, this true story ultimately feels like a work of mannered fiction.
A rich cocktail of all Hollywood's most endemic clichés, it would be easy to apply to The Soloist that rebuking tag, 'Oscar bait'. Its every move is calculated to pleasure and provoke the liberal classes, if only gently.
Foxx is an Oscar-winner thanks to his uncanny impersonation of Ray Charles in Ray, but he plays Ayers as a multitude of tics and non sequiturs. He is hampered by Susannah Grant's muddled screenplay.
This veers a little too haphazardly between being a message movie and one of those films about an unlikely friendship. In the end, it fails to work as either.
The Soloist is a moving and well-made film, but you just can't help feeling it is a little too contrived and simplistic.
Joe Wright, who did a brilliant job with Atonement, powerfully reveals the terrible treatment of America's homeless community.
The revelation of poverty, squalor and mental illness in LA's underclass is horrific. But the film suffers from uncertainty of tone.
Its oddness is chastening: what's ostensibly a triumph-of-the-spirit number doesn't make you feel very triumphant after all.
A thought-provoking portrayal of homelessness and an interesting tale of one man struggling to help another.
A genuinely moving story is wrung dry by filmmaking that strains to punch every emotional plot point. Solid performances and some edgy insight can't quite rescue it, although the extraordinary true events retain real power.
The film doesn't just shout 'vote for me' it screams it so loudly and desperately it practically drowns out Robert Downey Jnr's decent performance and the film's saving grace.
It takes admirable steps to avoid the sentimental pitfalls that tend to accompany all such redemptive Hollywood tales, but it still leaves you with a weird aftertaste.
Disappointing, over-long and over-directed Oscar-bait drama that's further hampered by a trying-too-hard performance from Jamie Foxx, though the always-excellent Robert Downey Jr. ensures that it remains just about watchable.
When [Catherine] Keener's Mary Weston suggests that Lopez may be exploiting Ayers, it is tempting to wonder how the filmmakers would react to the same accusation.
click to read the full review
Despite being almost exclusively tailored to pluck at our emotional strings, The Soloist is an oddly uninvolving experience.
There's something about The Soloist's aura of religiosity that seems simplistic. An unsatisfying, jarring note, in this otherwise hopeful, triumphant story.
What's altogether surprising is its refusal to romanticise either of its troubled or flawed central characters.
The facts offer potential for a heart-rending and emotional movie experience, but Wright (director of Atonement and Pride and Prejudice) goes Hollywood with his first American feature.
Playing up to music and disabled character clichés, the filmmakers seem to be Oscar fishing with this almost-there drama.
There are fabulous performances from both Jamie Foxx and Robert Downey Jr, it's just that the power of the story of these two men gets lost in the mix.
Somewhere in here, there is a simple, powerful story. If only Wright and Grant had been able to find it.
The title is a lie--this really a tandem act, unthinkable without either of its two central parts.
Its power may owe more to Beethoven and Bach than the skills of the filmmakers, but it can be recommended to all who like a strange and moving story.
Robert Downey Jr. and Jamie Foxx are highly convincing. Problem is, the film lets them down. It is not as powerful or moving as it could -- and should -- have been.
This film isn't as much about homelessness as about helplessness - and how some people are able not necessarily to overcome it, but to manage it. And how people like Steve Lopez, unintentionally help themselves when they try to help others. That's a great
As a film, even in the hands of Atonement director Joe Wright and with talents such as the amazing Downey Jnr, Foxx and Keener, our emotional experience is strangely muted
Get me rewrite
Inspired by the touching book -- by Los Angeles Times columnist Steve Lopez -- Downey, Foxx and Wright make appealing, if just short of beautiful, music.
While I admire filmmakers who navigate material like this without sentimentality, this film stands back just a bit too much and leaves us feeling like distant observers.
[This] bromantic drama...becomes as frustratedly impotent as Lopez feels, and as chokingly symbolic as Ayers looks with an Uncle Sam top hat on his head and an American flag in his shopping cart. [Blu-ray]
Fine as a series of columns in the Los Angeles Times but a misfit as a movie.
...tour-de-force performances from Foxx and Downey, but they cannot make up for a story that it is largely commonplace.
In the hands of a director more suited to the material The Soloist might have been a deeply moving experience. Here, we know something important is being played out before us, and there are times when it hits home with force. But in their exercise of dram
While flawed, The Soloist pulls at your heart. Some might argue the flick is too political, but in these dire economic times it is refreshing to not see glamour and fantasy.
If the movie is trying to help us understand what schizophrenia is, it fails in the attempt.
Too many notes.
Works enough within its own rules, its own container, but blunts its own real-world impact along the way.
A bit out of tune.
The Soloist illustrates Nathaniel's internal life -- his music and his madness -- in reductive, sensational imagery.
A neat summation of how liberal thinking boils down to one symbol -- a soiled, tattered American flag, emblem of our supposed national shame -- and one phrase: 'Force him.'
This film would have made a terrific short. Director Joe Wright [Atonement] was given the impossible task of making something bigger than it needed to be.
Just because The Soloist is about a homeless person doesn't mean it should have pedestrian direction. But it does -- pedestrian and clodhopping.
It feels like a puzzle with some significant pieces missing.
It is a symphony of emotional release, the weight and majesty of life's miseries and joys all on vibrant display.
For a movie that's about compassion and understanding, it makes for a shockingly indifferent experience.
There's a lot the movie gets right, but fails completely when it tries, cinematically, to depict what schizophrenia is like
After finally seeing the film, there's no longer much mystery as to why the studio pulled it from awards season.
Although ambitious in its lyrical presentation, filmmaker Joe Wright's The Soloist plays a stale tune of cliched melancholy musical chairs.
Just as director Joe Wright conveyed the multiplicity of emotion at the Dunkirk beachhead in Atonement, he conducts his version of downtown L.A. with a maestro's baton.
Too bland a presentation to be remembered later on during Oscar time for the 2009 award.
A well-acted, finely crafted movie that has everything going for it... except a reason to exist.
The story surely is interesting, but in this form, not terribly enlightening.
Downey and Foxx are the top of their acting game - and so is Keener.
A colorful portrayal of friendship, the transformative power of music and an examination of Los Angeles homelessness that entertains as well as it informs.
Has its moments, but too heavy-handed and predictable.
Tthis is a maudlin, stereotypical story that never moved at all.
The film's biggest problem lies really in its pacing. Every time the plot takes an interesting turn or moves forward, it's stalled by one musical montage after another.
Great acting by Keener, Downey, and Foxx but far too long and too many ECUs. More Keener would have helped. She's something special.
There are moments when Downey verbalizes a simple line of dialogue that becomes so profound through his magic of subtle emotion we're transformed.
Although Jamie Foxx's performance in 'The Soloist' is worth the ticket price, the film fails to leave audiences with a satisfying ending.
I liked The Soloist more than most disease/triumph over adversity movies. It's more believable, more sincere and just more interesting than most. I just can't get over the feeling of filmmakers patting themselves on the back..."
Blessed with superb performances by Robert Downey Jr. and Jamie Foxx, 'The Soloist' deserves consideration during this year's awards season.
The movie bears a close resemblance to a slightly better "Resurrecting the Champ," which revolved around boxing rather than music. The filmmakers should have taken a few cues from "Marley & Me," which had a sweet and endearing quality while employing a...
We expect beautiful music from The Soloist, but we suffer through some blaring false notes along the way.
...it's a shame The Soloist may get ignored by moviegoers and critics groups alike as it features a couple of the best performances we're likely to see in all of 2009.
[Some will] wonder how I could bash a story so "touching," so "humane," so "heartwarming." One word: manipulation.
I wish The Soloist had done more than pay lip service to this subject, but the traces of what might have been are still resonant.
The Soloist keeps skirting the gassy clichés of the uplifting triumph-of-the-underdog movie before ultimately surrendering to soppy sentimentality.
In general, I hate these kinds of movies. I find them tedious, boring, pretentious and long-winded.
It's a safe, inspirational film, but it's an exceedingly well crafted one.
The writer, Susannah Grant, director Joe Wright, and especially the two superb leading actors all give the film life and humanity.
Falls into the easy traps of traditional melodrama.
In spite of its strong performances and glossy production, The Soloist plays a tune youve heard too many times.
A failed and problematic Oscar hopeful being dumped in theaters a week before the start of Hollywood's summer season.
The movie still entertains -- thanks to Downey's staccato rhythms and Foxx's secret melodies. But it remains flawed.
Backed by his newfound A-list stardom, Downey brings to the project a wry swagger -- crucial in an essentially reactive role. I wish, though, that "The Soloist" hadn't spent so much time dealing with Lopez's crises of conscience and career, even as they r
The Soloist is not only a great movie experience, it's one of those rare films that might leave you a better person than when you went in.
When they're on-screen together, it's better than electrifying -- it's rhapsodic.
It took guts. And I suspect there's no sense in making a cautious film about Nathaniel Ayers.
It's a journey full of good intentions, but also some dubious decisions.
You can't help but feel a connection to Downey and Foxx and, to a lesser degree, a rooting interest in the story.
Ironically, it's Foxx's gift for mimicry--the same skill that made him a perfect Ray Charles--that defeats him here.
Mr. Wright and his colleagues have made a movie with a spaciousness of its own, a brave willingness to explore such mysteries of the mind and heart as the torture that madness can inflict, and the rapture that music can confer. Bravo to all concerned.
Downey, Foxx and director Joe Wright ultimately pierce the more artificial elements to deliver an unusually perceptive film.
In the end, The Soloist is about how unknowable other people really are -- an idea that's terrifying until you step back and see the wonder of it.
The Soloist foregoes easy solutions, and even more importantly, it foregoes any easy sense of friendship.
Perceptive [and] deeply engaging.
While the film is unable to resolve its central subject, its background portrayal of the ongoing dissolution of the newspaper industry -- captured in a few fleeting images of layoffs and downsizing -- is vividly realized.
Foxx is magnificent, taking a role that could be exorbitantly showy (actors playing the mentally disabled tend to forget the word "restraint") and turning in a performance that's controlled and mesmerizing.
For all its sensitivity to the horrors of mental illness, The Soloist ends up as a fairly canned piece of work.
Remarkable! A small, intimate kind of movie that deserves to be cradled and cherished, not slathered in crass award-show buzz and industry politics.
A deeply empathetic exploration of mental illness and a winning showcase for the talents of its two stars, Robert Downey Jr. and Jamie Foxx.
This poignant true story is worthwhile but oddly unsatisfying.
The Soloist is at its best when it lets mysteries such as the power of music remain mysterious and at its worst when it tries to explain them.
Downey is taking his "greatest actor of his generation" tag too seriously.
Memorable, sometimes gritty drama about music, friendship.
A movie about an improbable friendship set against the backdrop of urban and cultural decay, The Soloist strives for deep meaning and settles for gritty reality.
[Director Joe Wright's] treatment of the material is so literal that at times the film seems like a syllabus for Remedial Cinematic Technique 101.
While the narrative occasionally falters, The Soloist wisely avoids the pitfalls of the inspirational biopic by not tidily sewing things up. Instead, it presents a moving tribute to friendship and the power of music.
Hollywood loves the heroics of good intentions, but this is that rare movie that is just as interested in the road to hell.
...an interesting, if somewhat confused, look at mental illness.
Melodrama makes its way into this film on occasion (like with the flashbacks), and that separates it from greatness.
The basic contours of the story do emerge from the ill-advised Hollywood stylings … Does Lopez help Ayers? Does Ayers help Lopez? It's messy.
The Soloist is all artifice. It should have stayed true to the art involved.
The movie, through the works of Beethoven, displays the power and passion of music.
Parental Content Review
The Soloist is great in the visual, sound and acting department but fails to tell a story that grabs your attention.
Downey's performance is always enthralling, fascinating, and utterly present. But the inconsistency of the rest of the film makes him more of a soloist than intended.
It's a film that deftly, intelligently avoids all the typical Oscar-mongering guck, sidestepping all the predictable elements at nearly every turn.
The film is imperfect, periodically if unsurprisingly sentimental, overly tidy and often very moving.
If the symbolism is a bit heavy-handed at times, it is also intensely elevating.
If the film is smarter and more ambitious than I expected, it is also less involving: a meandering, digressive plea for a social conscience that never finds a rhythm or a pulse.
It's true that Lopez can't cure what ails Ayers--but it sure seems like Grant and Wright have the answer for what ails us.
The Soloist is like its two protagonists: It's a little messy and beaten up in spots, but ultimately it's decent and dignified.
Congratulations Jamie Foxx! You are so good in this movie, I almost want to forgive you for Miami Vice. Almost
A captivating, inspirational and extraordinary story about the power of friendship and music. Jamie Foxx commands the screen in a brilliant, raw and profoundly moving performance. It's the first great film of 2009.
One false move here or there and it would have come off as sappy or contrived, but no -- it works.
The spine of the story has been entrusted to Robert Downey Jr. and Jamie Foxx, who make all their moments in The Soloist count.
In the end, The Soloist isn't about BIG MOMENTS, it's about the grace notes, the kind that stay with you.
Good performances save this from being a lame hagiography. Just.
An emotionally tone deaf and, typical of the director, gimmick-laden and aggressively polished adaptation.
A workaholic roused to life by his contact with an extraordinary person. Music healing all ills. The rehabilitation of an impaired genius. The only reason any of this is barely watchable is because of the stars.
...a well-acted film that doesn't go particularly anywhere, a film with strong production values whose director appears to lack confidence of vision. It's both overworked and underdone.
The result feels manipulative and superficial.
The Soloist is pitch-perfect, a sensitive rendering of challenging social and emotional themes.
Tough-minded yet often touching, The Soloist works precisely because it doesn't go where we think it's going to go.
Director Joe Wright may not always be able to resist self-indulgence, but credit the filmmaker for tending to the story with a pace and tone that meld commerciality with an art-house mentality.
Mawkish, manipulative, bombastic tearjerker [that] seems more about making a statement than translating the story into affecting drama.
both leads are at the top of their game in a story that normally brings out the worst in actors of this caliber
The movie, for all its flaws, reminds us that everyone is worth catching, but it's the actors who best embody that message. They go the full human being.
The tone of The Soloist is wildly uneven. Though unsparing and unsentimental when framing the principals, Wright is hyperbolic when depicting the agitation of the mentally ill and the soothing rapture of music.
It's not A Beautiful Mind, and there are some missteps here. But it's an unusually honest movie about homelessness and about newspapers.
You could learn more about the story of mentally ill musical prodigy Nathaniel Ayers in a 12-minute segment of a March 60 Minutes broadcast than in the 109 minutes of The Soloist. But what a wonderful 109 minutes they are.
Strangely, the inspirational power of The Soloist lies not in its music but in the heart and soul of its intriguing characters.
The movie avoids most of the pitfalls: Its epiphanies are small ones, but with the gleam of truth.
In the end, The Soloist can take a bow for its effort but shouldn't be expecting any encores.
As Ayers, a Juilliard-trained cellist reduced to homelessness, Foxx turns The Soloist from a mildly effective inspirational tale into an aggressive awards-season advertisement.
The Soloist has all the elements of an uplifting drama, except for the uplift. The story is compelling, the actors are in place, but I was never sure what the filmmakers wanted me to feel about it.
A deeply spiritual movie about the moral complexities of helping another person, opening one's heart, feeling the pain of another, and letting go of the need to fix that person but instead to simply be present in love.
The movie's final attempts at tugging at the viewer's heartstrings ultimately fall flat, and it's consequently impossible to label The Soloist as anything other than a well-intentioned misfire.
Early on, [Downey Jr.] remarks that his goal is to understand how and why a person can go from Juilliard to the streets. If only The Soloist had the same intent.
Together Foxx and Downey are affecting and, ultimately, so is The Soloist. It is an imperfect film, to be sure. But it kept me engaged, when it wasn't frustrating me.
The studio would like to sell a candied inspirational story, but director Joe Wright avoids the sugared path at all turns, producing a stunning, transcendent celluloid event.
Uneven but affecting.
This film version takes a somewhat romanticized view of both journalism and skid row yet is nevertheless a compassionate and compelling look at mental illness.
American Idol meets Brother From Another Planet and Beethoven for dummies. What's missing is any recognition of the impact of poverty and racism on homelessness and mental illness, or why any of it exists in supposedly the most prosperous nation on earth.
A pitchy affair that ultimately misses its mark.
Credit 'The Soloist' for avoiding sappiness while treating us to parts of Ludwig B's masterworks.
These characters are much more interesting on paper than they prove to be when fleshed out over the course of the picture.
Wright has Jamie Foxx and Robert Downey Jr., both outstanding. Their performances make up for the meandering plot and occasional missteps; neither actor is ever anything less than compelling, giving The Soloist an emotional heft it might not have enjoyed.
A film of enormous integrity, it's exquisitely acted, beautifully written, sensitively filmed and filled with memorable moments.
The florid visual style of British director Joe Wright (Atonement) drowns out fine though not stellar turns by Robert Downey Jr. and Jamie Foxx and lessens the movie's emotional impact. The uplifting power of music still registers-of cinema, not so much.
Both actors deliver award worthy performances and I hope their work here is remembered at the end of the year.
The tears it elicits are earned. But there's an element of fantastic fate that's discordant. Foxx is playing a miracle; Downey, a lapsed believer. Both are capable of more.
It's marvelous work all around, especially by Foxx and Downey. Their duet makes The Soloist sing.
Foxx is definitely putting in the effort; The Soloist, however, is settling for something much less.
A duet, with two master performers collaborating in absorbing harmony.
The Soloist takes all those innately engaging details and turns them into what is essentially a made-for-Lifetime movie, albeit one populated by Oscar winners and nominees.
An artistic failure from conception, it's British director Joe 'Steadicam' Wright's torrent of self-righteousness equal to the frequently referenced Hurricane Katrina.
[A] keening elegy for us, for our society, for how we have utterly failed the most helpless of our own...
Foxx and Downey's disciplined duet come close to redeeming The Soloist from its visual excesses.
The Soloist is a moving, inspirational story told in a straightforward style, refreshingly devoid of sentimentality.
Mr Downey and Mr. Foxx both turn in Oscar-worthy performances in their very strenuous and detail-drenched roles.
A sensitive but surprisingly unmoving portrayal of the friendship (based on a true story) between a Los Angeles Times writer and a troubled street musician living on the streets of Skid Row. Jamie Foxx gives a standout performance.
Two great performers lose out because "The Soloist" has the potential to be better than the directed product.
[Attempts to] manipulate the audience's emotions and get them to feel something doesn't work, because it comes across as preachy rather than emotional and moving.
I don't know if Beethoven and a sympathetic newspaper reporter can redeem a messy American city, but this movie makes a plausible case for so fervent a dream.
As a study of two apparently dissimilar men trying to find their way in the world, The Soloist works fairly well.
The movie is a noble enterprise, and Downey is stupendous as usual, but Joe Wright's direction is too slick to elicit much feeling.
Jamie Foxx does a magnificent job in his most challenging outing since Ray.
Heartfelt performances from Robert Downey Jr. and Jamie Foxx can't counteract a lack of narrative focus that prevents the film from taking hold.
Neither rarefied art film nor widely accessible inspirational drama, The Soloist falls between the cracks both creatively and commercially.
Brit Joe Wright is the wrong director for this film, which is part factual tale of journalist Lopez, part chronicle of the homeless, part intimate friendship between sensitive reporter and schizoid genius, but not satisfying on any level
It's all a bit shapeless, yet made with sincerity and taste, and the two actors seize your sympathy.











@highlight

Though it features strong performances by its lead players, a lack of narrative focus prevents The Soloist from hitting its mark.