Were they always this boring?
Throwaway fun at some points of the film, but on the whole it's simply very frustrating.
I never thought the day would come where I'd wish I were watching Scooby-Doo rather than what's actually onscreen.
Kids may enjoy [it]. But kids also would enjoy an all-candy dinner -- which is why grown-ups have to step in and help them make better entertainment choices.
Easy resolutions pop up and there's no real drama, with flat jokes, overacting and wasted comic-talent voices slathered between the plot's thin slices-of-strife like cheap peanut butter.
I must be the old stinker. I think that if you're activities cause property damage, you're a vandal. It's not cute to behave irresponsibly if the result is thousands of dollars in repairs. That's just destruction.
Alvin must be the most unsympathetic lead in any kiddie franchise, and having him do squeaked-up De Niro impersonations doesn't help.
A truly terrible, utterly witless comedy.
In a crowded cinema, this is every post-pubescent's nightmare.
A kids' movie with few laughs for the older viewer.
This desperate sequel - sorry "squeakquel" - is such a blatant cash-in that the producers might as well have gone straight round to young viewers' houses and stolen their piggybanks.
They call this the "squeakquel" and that's about all you'll want to know about a film that remorselessly pulls all the levers of the first highly successful box-office attraction.
Like the Three Stooges, McHale's Navy, and the Brides of Funkenstein, the Chipmunks are a true pop-cultural sleeper sensation.
... silly but harmless ...
Blending CGI and live action, this "squeakquel" to the witless 2007 kids' film proves just how dangerous such technology is when placed in the wrong hands.
Yes, it's probably a good film for children. But when films far more sophisticated and enjoyable like "Up" or "Where the Wild Things Are" come out, a film like this merely seems trivial.
Kids will love it but adults will squirm. A little squeak from the chipmunks goes a long way.
The bottom line is that if you're under the age of 10 or you somehow enjoyed the god-awful 2007 original then you are more likely than not to enjoy this one, too.
Richard Widmark is dead but his spirit improbably lives on in this 'squeakquel,' in which the allegedly adorable harmonizing rodents cause an old lady in a wheelchair to roll down a steep flight of stairs...
The film as a whole is only marginally less entertaining than playing roadkill Frisbee.
Fractious, family-friendly and funky, it's nevertheless cutsey charmless. Expect an inevitable Threequel.
There are worse forms of torture.
An unsatisfying sequel to a very mediocre first film. It is so unfunny and painful that I actually saw people walking out of the free screening I attended.
a half-assed, low-budget enterprise trading on children's endless appetite for talking animals
Hollywood used to know that a good children's movie is one that can be enjoyed by the whole family. It's not just about keeping the 6-year-olds in their seats.
Kids will love this movie and %u2014 as history teaches %u2014 they love the chipmunks. It's fast-paced, has plenty of music, a really funny fart joke and a happy-ending life lesson.
This is perfect entertainment for those who find 'Teletubbies' and 'Dora the Explorer' to be a little too highbrow.
The Chipmunks are as cute as ever here, but the plot is almost insultingly predictable, even for the youngest of viewers.
The Chipmunks, in the first film, were the mathematical creations of a computer; watching The Squeakquel, the fun of the first film fades away as you realize that this time around, you could just as easily say that about the script.
Harmless, diverting and forgivably silly fun that will delight kids while keeping adults awake and, for the most part, amused.
Zachary Levi is easily the single worst element of The Squeakquel, which speaks to the depths of annoyance the actor plummets to. The cartoons show more wit and ease with a punchline than this guy.
It's far from the most unpleasant kiddie flick I've sat through this year, although I would be misleading you if I promised you lots of laughs.
There's a lot of parents that will roll their eyes at this movie. However, it is very cute if you can get in the spirit of the movie, and kids are going to love it.
Instead of paying for celebrity voices that are rendered unrecognizable, why not pay for better writers?
Being aimed at children isn't a valid excuse for a movie to be simple-minded and illogical. You know that, right?
Parental Content Review
Not so much good as it is low-key, amusing, and painless.
The story is so paper-thin one surmises it was scrawled on soggy toilet paper somewhere
Whatever limited charms the first version had -- mostly David Cross' portrayal of Ian, the greedy manager who exploits the furry creatures -- have since soured.
Will kids eat up this cutely fractious claptrap? Of course they will. They'll eat up whatever you put in front of them. But that doesn't make The Squeakquel good for them.
Betty Thomas delivers pretty much the bare minimum: peppy, brightly colored, tune-filled nonsense sure to meet the low, low standards of its pre-kindergarten core audience.
A surprising array of stars play the helium voiced sextet, safe in the knowledge that noone is going to be offended by this charming chipmunk squeakquel.
As tedious as it is inevitable, Alvin and the Chipmunks: The Squeakquel is as ho-ho-hum as can be.
An oddly entertaining, if mindless, way to spend an hour and a half on a Saturday morning with a seven-year-old.
Every time an adult ended up in traction or broke wind, the three-year-olds in the audience were freshly ecstatic.
Whatever slim charms there were in the nostalgic, musically cute and slapstick-friendly first film of chipmunk mania are squished right out of The Squeakquel like so much rodent roadkill.
"Alvin & the Chipmunks: The Squeakquel" is pure cinematic poison from start to finish and does roughly for holiday moviegoing what Irving Mainway's Bag O'Glass once did for holiday gift-giving.
It's one that will keep little moviegoers happy without driving their parents too squirrelly.
It's not entirely Thomas's fault: What are you going to do with those fat-cheeked, helium-voiced singing critters but slap together enough "awwww" moments to make the toddlers happy and enough knowing winks to keep parental bums in the seats?
Perfunctorily cute, the only selling points of this squeakuel are its seamless mix of CGI and live-action, and that it goes by in a flash.
At one point, Cross's character takes a full-frontal hit in the groin from an errant toy motorcycle.
The slapstick required of everyone, animals or not, will exhaust even parents who remember the Chipmunks' original hits.
It's mildly amusing and the climax is pretty exciting but, all in all, I'm not sure the Squeakquel was strictly necessary.
The whole thing is rather insipid. But Thomas makes it smoother and more palatable than it deserves to be.
It's not all quite as absurdly endearing as the first film was, but it's still pretty darn cute, and almost entirely inoffensive, certainly as kids' movies go.
Surely this qualifies as cruelty to humans.
Non-discriminating little kids will squeal with delight, but don't expect them to learn anything other than the phrases "Dutch oven" and "pole-dancing."
Despite its success as a babysitter for preschoolers, it's a not a very good film.
Watching talented, funny people like Zachary Levi, David Cross and Wendie Malick go from one demeaning and painfully stupid situation to the next is excruciating.
The earlier Alvin movie made more than $217 million just in the United States. It's hard to imagine this somewhat confused sequel doing as well.
Its young target audience will find this latest Chipmunks iteration entertaining. The story is simple enough for little kids to follow and at 88 minutes the movie does not wear out its welcome.
[It] could be the most aggressively terrible movie of the year.
Thomas brings a light campy touch as she did in 1995's The Brady Bunch Movie.
Little kids will love it. You'll need a hazmat suit.
If the Chipmunks don't make you smile, you're nuts.
It seems as if no professional actors were hired in the making of this motion picture.
Isn't much worse than the original, but unfortunately it's no better.
Alvin and the Chipmunks: The Squeakquel offers exactly two big laughs for its kiddo target audience -- one involves passing gas, the other a shot to the crotch.
Alvin, Simon and Theodore deal with the pressures of high school in this modest, family-friendly upgrade from the singing-and-dancing chipmunks' muddled debut feature.
A frenetic but undeniably funny follow-up that offers twice the number of singing-and-dancing rodents in another seamless blend of CGI and live-action elements.
Ross Bagdasarian's enduring characters are a bit tougher to endure in this charmless sequel.
What we're offered is a succession of lifeless scenes punctuated by pratfalls that only a handful of kids in the audience found funny. Next.
The Squeakquel is painfully high-pitched. It reaches frequencies that could make bats plummet from the sky, clutching at their little ears in agony. It's as if a mosquito equipped with a power tool is attempting to drill its way through your eardrum.
The Squeakquel is astonishingly high-pitched, like 100 helium balloons being let off in your head. A caveat, then: dogs may pick up on subtleties I've missed.
The film never tries too hard to be cool, features adorable rodents in fetching knitwear, and includes helium-voiced chipmunks shaking their tushes as they cover Beyonce songs. Just great.
Even if there's little here for older viewers to enjoy, youngsters will love the slapstick action and catchy soundtrack.
The world's most irritatingly high-pitched rodents are back and noisier than ever, in this lobotomised rip-off of the High School Musical franchise.
With an unengaging plot, flat jokes and shameless product placement, Alvin is a late contender for worst film of the year.
Three digimated rodents play guitar, go to school and create merry hell, all for the benefit of the "holiday season" audiences that made the original Chipmunks movie a "global phenomenon" to the tune of 350m. That's not phenomenal - that's criminal.
Funnniest moment? The loud snores from a fellow critic at the press preview.
A disappointing sequel with painfully few laughs.
There are plenty of lame pop-culture references to Apocalypse Now and Taxi Driver, should any losing-the-will-to-live parents need a final push over the edge.


@highlight

This Squeakquel may entertain the kiddies, but it's low on energy and heavily reliant on slapstick humor.