... ultimately, it is about the primacy of family and friends, and how decency begets decency.
Huffman's performance is the reason to see this sensitive, and sometimes touching drama. Paul Chambers, CNN.
Lifetime through Sundance
Tucker's screenplay is sharp but also sensitive, so the ample good humour never drifts into high camp (apart from the scenes with Bree's mother - and SHE is straight).
Comfort food for a comfortable audience, with the TV-familiar Huffman reassuring viewers that she's really a real woman underneath that unflattering make-up.
A big part of the movie's success is Huffman's irresistible and remarkable performance as Bree, a character we identify with rather than feel alienated by.
A well-tuned vehicle.
La sorprendente composición de Felicity Huffman es el principal atractivo de esta road movie agridulce.
(Huffman's) performance is one of those rare pieces of acting that actually deserves to be labeled a tour de force.
Huffman gives it her all, transforming her physicality and her voice and revealing a character whose lifetime of pain and heartache is present in every gesture.
Too clumsily handled to mean much.
Despite the dullness of the main character, there are enough other interesting characters and plot developments to make the story compelling.
Huffman makes Transamerica worth seeing.
By turns hysterically funny and heartbreaking, Transamerica is a film of tremendous warmth, charm and perception anchored to a central performance of unique power.
It's full of enough contrived and ludicrous soap opera-type plotting to make Huffman's TV series, Desperate Housewives, seem restrained and realistic.
It's a shame Bree and Huffman's performance are trapped in a movie unworthy of their energy and courage.
...that rare film that... takes us into the life of someone who might seem somewhat odd at first, but in the end turns out to be just a fellow human being.
By turns funny, touching and blessed with a generosity of spirit.
Here's one of the reasons that 2005 will be considered the year that changed motion pictures.
Sensitively written and directed by Duncan Tucker, it's a moving, funny and involving story that takes us into the life of a transsexual who discovers that happiness is more than a nip and a tuck.
... in a constant state of terror at being unmasked as a mixed gender mama, Huffman is phenomenal.
The acting can be so-so, the story implausible, the camerawork stolid -- none of that really matters if you care about what happens to the characters.
Huffman and Zegers make "Transamerica" a road trip worth taking.
Writer-director Duncan Tucker does little to develop his narrative setup beyond the basic and obvious, and his film begins to feel more like an exercise than a fully realized story.
Defies expectations on nearly every level.
The film itself is never quite as complex or daring a work of the imagination as [Huffman's] performance.
It's funny in spots, touching in others and uniformly life-affirming.
You could call her desperate. She might even agree.
It's rare to encounter a performance so complete that you forget about the actor playing the role, but that's what happens with Felicity Huffman in Transamerica.
Huffman's performance redeems parts of the movie but, until the final 30 minutes, Transamerica too often feels like a journey to nowhere.
This is a surprisingly heartwarming movie and one of those rare films that leaves you wanting more.
Tucker's patchy road movie takes the dysfunctional family to the outer limits of the Twilight Zone.
Transamerica is a routine road-trip comedy-drama with a twist.
A 'B-' film with an 'A+' leading performance ...
A studio could have made the same movie if Huffman had been playing a mother rather than a father; writer-director Duncan Tucker has begun with a new idea and then made it as old-hat as possible.
if you think Huffman seems desperate in Desperate Housewives, think again.
Begins as a cult 'transgender' film, then undergoes emergency reassignment surgery to become a mainstream adventure in parent-child 'closure.'
Not very exciting, but unexpected humor adds a couple of nice touches to this dysfunctional family/gender-bender/road trip movie.
The film succeeds on the goodwill of the performances and the message, which make up for the relatively simplistic story.
Tucker toes the line between indie raggedness and studio-produced sheen. His script and tone carry the jagged edges of a personal story, with characters that seem to possess a free will beyond studio formula.
There's a reason Felicity Huffman's lead performance is the only element of Transamerica that's getting any awards play: Nothing else about the film is especially noteworthy.
The challenge of Huffman's role isn't just in physical terms, but also in Bree's conflicted state of serving at once as Toby's father, mother and friend.
Circumvents treacly lessons in tolerance and rewards itself with the resonance of re-birth and second chances.
Huffman...elevates a film that otherwise is too comfortable coasting on the waves of too many simple-minded movies before it.
A touching portrait of a world where everyone's a little bit born again and a little bit lost . . . re-examines our uneasy expectations about identity, family, and gender.
As a woman playing a man in the process of becoming a woman, Huffman has to reverse-engineer her own gender, and the sensitivity and sincerity she brings to the role is extraordinary.
There's a terrific performance here by Huffman, and an interesting premise. But for me, the script didn't ring true.
Huffman's performance in Transamerica, as a pre-op male-to-female transsexual coping with the sudden emergence of a long-lost son, is much better than the movie it's in; indeed, she singlehandedly takes Transamerica to a higher plane.
Cheap laughs lead to surefire tears, running together like a messy paint-by-numbers project.
It's a farce with heart, a meditation on identity, family and gender politics that has real faith in its characters -- even when the characters themselves lack it.
Maybe the hype had my expectations too high, but I expected more from Huffman.
A perfect example of an ordinary movie made unique by the powerhouse performance of its lead.
As Bree, who started her unhappy life as Stanley, the angular Huffman, a fine comedic actress who carried home an Emmy this fall, is a compelling portrait of wounded dignity. She is wholly fascinating and heartbreaking.
Huffman makes it a must-see.
A generally fun movie that offers a different perspective on, well, a different perspective.
It's all a little too cute and pat to be believable, and Tucker can't resist showing us everything he has learned about transsexuals in between the embarrassing moments and odd encounters.
Tucker never allows transsexualism to degenerate into a gimmick, although the movie sometimes seems to be having difficulty extending its admiration to anyone but Bree and Toby.
Felicity Huffman's performance as Bree is striking in much the way Charlize Theron's was in Monster.
The key to Huffman's performance ... is the way she plays the role with dignity. She likes this man, and so do we.
Everything about the movie feels gimmicky, including Huffman's mannered performance.
With a tough-minded performance from Felicity Huffman and a script from writer and director Duncan Tucker that keeps its eyes on the road, Transamerica goes in for neither broad laughs nor 'we're all the same' speechifying.
The Emmy-winning Desperate Housewives actress is sympathetic and quietly believable as a pre-op transsexual.
An abrupt but unforgettable movie with rough edges that lend it even more resonance.
It sometimes suggests a John Waters drag farce trying to go mainstream and sentimental.
In Transamerica, Felicity Huffman out-Victor/Victorias Julie Andrews in Victor/Victoria.
The movie works, and it does work, because Felicity Huffman brings great empathy and tact to her performance as Bree.
It's not satirical irony when you do it with such overwrought vinegar that it becomes ugly and mean-spirited.
Not neat, nor tidy; a road trip-redemption movie you've never seen before.* It's really beautiful, - I hope it gives people a reason to love and tolerate where they never might have before.
The result of Huffman's and Zegers' fine performances, and Tucker's excellent work, is one of the most thought-provoking and best films of the year.
If you can get past the transsexual element, you'll see an often-humorous road trip movie that turns into a story about relationships and the bond that ties family together.
Huffman is on delicate ground throughout the film but she infuses the role with fragility, strength and grace.
The film's triumph is that it's ultimately much more than a stunt--despite occasional missteps, it's mostly a sweet, penetrating, funny and intensely human story.
Transamerica provides the frame and the occasion for one of the year's best performances, Felicity Huffman's as a woman trapped in a man's body who's passing for female while awaiting a sex-change operation.
Transamerica is a strange and wonderful film about becoming one's true self, whatever that may entail.
Transamerica travels miles beyond road-movie cliches, chiefly through Huffman's Oscar-worthy acting, but also through the realization that we are all freaks beneath our masks of gender differences and social conventions.
Huffman goes all out... but writer/director Duncan Tucker plunks her down in the middle of a fairly average and ultimately routine road picture.
The delightful balancing of whimsy and deadly seriousness, light-hearted humor and cutting parody...underscore the transgender message.
If Tucker's road map often feels a little too confining and the screwball comedy too contrived, he can take credit for introducing viewers to a character they have almost certainly never met before.
Surprisingly centered and calm, neither exploiting the story's sensational aspects nor ignoring them. It finds comedy and drama in the same places, often at the same time.
This unlikely director-writer has managed to show us something many of his Hollywood peers can't--how truth hurts, and that once confronted it ultimately builds a better sense of self-dignity.
Huffman's biggest achievement comes from maintaining her character's dignity and finding the necessary emotional tone that prevents Transamerica from sinking
Huffman...[is] no more convincingly feminine than Tony Curtis or Jack Lemmon in Some Like It Hot, and I'm not sure whether that's a compliment to her performance or a criticism.
Felicity Huffman's face is what holds you in Duncan Tucker's delightful Transamerica.
Ms. Huffman's greatest acting achievement as Bree is her ultimate unleashing of an intelligence and level-headedness that is truly beyond gender.
Transamerica is To Wong Foo but with a pre-op tranny protagonist and a strained parent-child dynamic.
Never has a movie dealing with transgender topics done so with such passion, pathos, power and clarity. Not Boys Don't Cry, not Different for Girls and most certainly not Tootsie or Mrs. Doubtfire.
The most original American movie comedy this year.
It's got a lot of humanity and a lot of heart. It's smart.
Felicity Huffman astonishes with her skill, her dignity, her bravura style and her knockout performance.
Won't be winning any awards for originality or visionary achievement, but in its own small, sweet way, the film—and Felicity Huffman—win you over.
Boosted by plenty of choice dialogue, including a queer analysis of The Return of the King that sidesteps post-Tarantino cuteness.
With so much stereotypical melodrama, Transamerica is not a great film, but Huffman's performance transcends that: The movie may be nothing special, but she is.
It yanks at the heartstrings too much to qualify as an edgy comedy-drama, but it's far too bawdy to make it to the Hallmark Channel.
Before she was a Desperate Housewife, [Felicity] Huffman turned in this tour de force in what turns out to be a funny, charming, heartfelt road movie about a most unlikely pair.
Felicity Huffman is such a wonder, at once funny and brave, playing a pre-op male-to-female transsexual in the uneven comedy Transamerica that she sustains several lapses that might otherwise have sunk it.
You can sense [director] Tucker and [Felicity] Huffman trying too hard to get it right, and strain is never convincing on screen.
There hasn't been this much gender confusion since Victor/Victoria--and we're loving it.
Emmy-winning Felicity Huffman leaves the desperate housewives behind to create a memorable bigscreen presence in Duncan Tucker's Transamerica.
The strongest American debut since Alexander Payne's Citizen Ruth.
The delightfully off-centered Transamerica is one those juicy little character pieces that allows Felicity Huffman to turn in an unbelievably gutsy, Oscar-worthy performance.
This road trip veers off the road violently at a certain point, and that's too bad because it's a really well made film that loses most of its punch in that one ill-advised scene. Wait to rent it.
An unnerving honestly infuses this film, from its near-documentary visual style to the gritty truthfulness of the performances.
TransAmerica is a road movie with a transexual twist, but it pretty much leaves it at that.
a crushingly dull film which practically hides Huffman's breakthrough performance behind a wall of Indie Screenwriting 101 clichés.
Transamerica, the feature debut of writer-director Duncan Tucker, never lets us forget that it's a nonmainstream story about a nonmainstream subject, when ideally, it should simply be a story about a person.
[Felicity Huffman's] complex portrayal sometimes doesn't fit the film's broad, sitcom-style humor and thinly drawn supporting characters.
Transamerica, starring Felicity Huffman as a pre-operative transsexual, is touching and sometimes funny, despite its overall air of indie earnestness.
[Felicity] Huffman is on my long list for award note come the end of the year.
...may not be a revolutionary film in the vein of "The Crying Game" or "Boys Don't Cry," but it works as a road trip dramedy with a twist...
The best, and perhaps the only, reason to see Duncan Tucker's Transamerica is for Felicity Huffman's touching, shape-shifting performance as Bree, a transgendered man on the verge of surgery to become a woman.
An awkward yet engrossing first feature from writer-director Duncan Tucker.
What keeps Huffman's turn from being mere spectacle is the actor's perceptive compassion for her character.
A collision of adult sexual contradictions and teenage sexual survival filled with sensitivity, respect and, above all, humor.
[Felicity Huffman] turns this small, resonant film into a cry from the heart.
For artistry and degree of technical difficulty, this judge awards Felicity Huffman a 10 for her performance in Transamerica. But as with so many elaborate Olympic sports, this judge asks for clarification: What is the point of the exercise?
This is a very human story and not nearly as pat as it might have been.
A love story about two outsiders and their journey across America in search of self-respect and love.
Felicity Huffman truly shines in a role that makes you forget she's a man ... er ... woman.
My congratulations to Huffman for the best damned sex-change operation *result* in medical history!
Crudely directed by Duncan Tucker, TransAmerica is part road movie, part comedy, part heartbreaker and part self-indulgent sexual sideshow.
Pleasant even without reaching much of a destination.
Duncan Tucker has created a touching, nonjudgmental human drama about a protagonist who feels out of sorts with her body.
Laugh-out-loud funny, tartly off-color and ultimately touching.
While Transamerica occasionally feels strangely conventional, of all things, first-time writer-director Duncan Tucker unflinchingly tackles subject matter that most of America would rather not even acknowledge exists.
Huffman gives a rivetting Oscar-caliber perfromance, but the TV-like film is more interested in parent-child melodrama that in the sociobiological issues of transsexuals
Issues of gender differrence are employed only to reinforce less original dilemmas -- family dysfunction, dating woes and (eek) meeting the grandparents.
It's mildly disappointing.
I was watching the real Felicity Huffman, but had no idea.
Impressively realized on all levels, this transgender spin on the road trip boasts an extraordinary central performance.
Transamerica: What's your daddy's bra size?









@highlight

A terrific performance by Felicity Huffman carries this unconventional but touching transgender road movie.