...a patience-testing, headache-inducing disaster with little to offer older viewers.
A bland but innocuous film that fails to take advantage of its two likable leading characters.
It's a terrible, dumb, unimaginative film that really isn't worth the price of a cinema ticket even with ... the excellent Road Runner short that comes before it.
One of the worst family films I've seen since another animated adaptation: Garfield. Talking bears aside, the film lacks logic, energy and, most of all, fun.
Smarter than your average family movie? Unfortunately not.
An all out attack on the eyes and ears...
full review at Movies for the Masses
Adult chaperone who drew the short straw? You can settle in for an 82 minute nap. Sounds good, right?
Millions of adults grew up watching Yogi Bear cartoons, but instead of playing to those memories, it does as little as possible to technically qualify as a "Yogi Bear movie."
Youngsters might enjoy the movie's colorful locales, lovable if doltish bears, and intermittent slapstick comedy.
I couldn't help wishing the evil government types would get their act together, demolish the park and rid the world of any habitat that could spawn such an awful bastard.
Yogi Bear barely raises a grin, it's only Miller and Daly's charisma and ad-lib that goes some way to saving it.
Even the most nostalgic and forgiving Yogi fan will likely find it hard to warm to the 21st-century, computer-generated, 3D make-over he's undergone here.
Small children with low levels of expectation are the target for this blandly unimaginative mix of live-action and 3D animation.
Any potential retro-charm is quickly rubbed out by creepy CGI, a tired reality-TV conceit and failure to grasp that Yogi's appeal lies in his delivery and quick wit, not eye-stabbing 3D gimmicks or life-like depictions of picnic-basket heists.
The new Yogi Bear is survivable. That's as far as I'll go.
There are some watchable 3D sequences in a boat on the rapids and a makeshift airplane, but it's pretty grim for anyone over six.
[C]ertainly not the worst thing you could have sat through this year so far, but it lacks any flavour or verve; it is a hollow shade rather than the vibrant, jovial caper it should be.
Poor old Yogi has a rough time of it in this miserable 3D assault of humour-free live action and lumpy animation.
If the writers had produced something that was smarter than the average script, then perhaps we would have been in business.
Fond memories of Yogi cartoons may get you some way through this big-screen version - but the nostalgia soon wears off.
This is the sort of film that most hard-bitten critics will refuse to like.
Yogi Bear is so contrived, so dull and so devoid of any charm it's unknown whether it'll stand up with kids so used to an endless supply of near flawless films.
Watchable cartoon-to-live-action adaptation that earns points for a great Yogi impersonation by Dan Aykroyd and some surprisingly decent dialogue...
An hour and a half of what bears do in the woods.
The wee'uns may enjoy the forest-based capers but for adults this is no pickernick.
There's no real reason for this live action/animation hybrid version of the classic cartoon besides the fact that digital effects allowed them to do it. But at least it's rather undemanding good fun while it lasts.
You've seen this movie before, when it was called Alvin and the Chipmunks, but the filmmakers are hoping that your kids don't remember.
Like a steady, throbbing ache that, after 75 minutes, you realize was your nerve endings' collective scream at your numbed-off brain to flee this awkward hybrid of animation and live-action. The humans are even more cartoonish than 'your a-ver-age bear.'
I found the movie quite flat and uninteresting but then, I'm a grown-up.
When Yogi hams it up, it's a bit like watching an old vaudeville performer whose time has passed.
Should Yogi Bear ever end up on the endangered list... Well, who are we to stand in the way of progress?
Slapstick comedies are rare nowadays, especially ones that viewers of all ages can enjoy. So three cheers for this part-animated redo of the old Hanna-Barbera cartoon.
Compared to quality animated alternatives such as Tangled and Megamind, Yogi is unBearable.
Kudos to director Eric Brevig and his team of digital animation artists for a rendering of Yogi that, for all its wonderful detail, remains faithful to the lovable cartoon bear of yore.
Yogi's picnic gag is funny in small doses but, much like his Chipmunk brethren, inflating these simple pleasures into a feature-length movie is disastrous.
The movie is the opposite of the cartoons: Everyone's body is in motion, but nobody is using his head.
Yogi Bear is pretty bad, but it's not apocalyptically horrid--and that's its biggest problem.
It is surprising, perhaps, that Yogi is not more of an active protagonist, but given how unpleasant is the sight of lovingly-rendered cartoon bears interacting with actors, it's probably just as well.
Smarter than the average screenplay? No, it's not.
Has about as much material -- and possibly less depth -- than one of the five-to-six-minute cartoons from the late 1950s.
Yogi Bear is aggressively average, but it isn't the kind of children's movie you need to fear.
Kids will love it while adults will find it un-bear-able!
Yogi Bear isn't great cinema, heck it's not even good cinema, but it's hardly as bad as it could have been.
Yogi Bear can claim all he wants that he's smarter than the average bear, but his latest big-screen incarnation is uncomfortably close to being a big-screen boo-boo.
Now I have no attachment to the original cartoon but for anyone who did like it, this can't be what you wanted.
It's not without its faults, but this is refreshingly faithful to the original cartoons.
Innocuous and instantly forgettable stuff that seems downright tepid in comparison to what others have been doing with animation and kid-friendly offerings of recent. (Parental Review also Available)
This being the highly advanced 21st century, simple animation won't do, so we must suffer through mediocre, lifeless computer-generated animation of this treasured twosome.
Now I've got nothing against introducing young audiences to "classic" characters from bygone, pre-Xbox eras. But why do they all have to feel so corporate, so soulless, so creatively leaden?
Taking the kids to a matinee of Yogi Bear in 3-D is no picnic.
...to damn the whole endeavor with the faintest of praise, it at least has the decency to keep the fart jokes to a minimum
A bland 21st-century family comedy without a single moment that captures the wit, energy or sophistication of the original, which by now dates back more than 50 years.
Besides the fire works disaster that followed Yogi's stunt, what could prevent Ranger Smith from making Yogi the attraction that saves the park? Inquiring minds sort of wonder.
Dumber-than-average family comedy won't even impress kids.
Yogi Bear is unbearable. There, I said it.
The best that can be said is that it's a 'cute' and 'harmless' kids' movie, as long as you ignore the moment when Yogi tells the lovestruck Mr. Ranger that the best way to woo a mate is to urinate on her.
Yogi Bear is a good-hearted, delightful story that captures the spirit of its original, leaving its audience smiling (and possibly hungry).
Yogi Bear may be smarter-than-the-average bear, but his new live-action-animated-mix flick is dumber-than-the-average-movie. Dumb with a capital D.
For the majority of its mercifully brief running time, Yogi Bear feels like a slap in the face to fans of the original Hanna-Barbera cartoon series...
Just awful.
"Yogi Bear" resurrects the long-hibernating title character with a fair amount of skill.
The relative lack of coarseness and snark may come as a surprising relief, even to 21st-century audiences.
"Yogi Bear" lacks even the zinging toddler anarchy of the "Alvin and the Chipmunks" movies.
I should have demanded that I be met at the theater with a pic-a-nic basket full of vodka and pumpkin pie. That has to be the way many on the set got through the experience, so why not me?
Fart jokes? Check. 3-D spit takes? Check. Yogi shaking his ursine rump to "Baby Got Back"? Dear Lord, check.
The classic Jellystone sign cries out for an edit: from "Please Don't Feed the Bears," to "Please Don't See the Bears."
... 79 minutes of 3-D garbage ...
The problem here is Hollywood, as ever, committing a series of safe nostalgia-fueled films that represent less risk than, say, actually making something new.
I imagine Yogi and Boo Boo having this debate between foraging and thieving for eternity.
In a way, the film is faithful to the old cartoons, in that it's grating and tiresome and not suitable for anyone over the age of 4.
Only the very young or very undemanding could find anything to like here.
There is nothing entertaining or funny for the parents in Yogi Bear. Heck, there is little funny or entertaining - no bright colors, no cutesy songs - for the little ones it is aimed at.
The secret weapon is Anna Faris, making a totally inconsequential effort just a little more tolerable through the simple grace of her presence. Yogi who?
This is a cute movie, a kid's movie, and a rather good one.
Little Boo Boos might giggle at the slapstick, but most folks over the age of 5 will find the tired plot and lame jokes unbearable.
"Yogi Bear" gives cheap hackwork a bad name.
For what audience was this cynical, crushingly witless film made, exactly?
Yogi Bear has good intentions, but so does everything else that paves the road to hell.
Just another lame, lazy retooling of an old TV title.
offers nothing to audience members older than the age of two
Compared to some kid flicks, "Yogi Bear" is rather sweet.
Yogi Bear is a big boo-boo.
These are "lunchbox movies," big-budget multiplex fodder -- a character who was on some studio executive's second grade lunchbox with some potty humor and boombox oldies.
Picture Timberlake in the booth recording his lines and you have the best joke in the movie. Everything else is actively painful, a frenetic, unfunny mix of action, romance, dud dialogue, and icky things popping out of the screen.
Another animated relic is dusted off for an underwhelming and unnecessary live-action outing.
Five minutes into their feature-length Yogi Bear movie, the filmmakers have more or less run out of material, save for switching up the means by which Yogi swipes baskets, or leaving a few pies to cool on various ledges.
An aggressively awful movie that's much, much dumber than the average kiddie flick.
More painful than the average bear attack.
If NC-17 is going to stick around, I propose its counterpart at the other end of the spectrum: A rating to protect prospective viewers from films that are only for very childish children.
There's nothing particularly inventive in the plot or grade-school humor, but the movie skates by on the timeless, undemanding charm of watching a tie-wearing bear try to steal people's lunches.
Weak as they've been, the "Alvin and the Chipmunks" movies are operating on a higher plane than this.
The lakeside disaster Yogi creates with a water ski routine setting off fireworks is the most amusing sequence in the movie... After that, take a cue from Yogi's pal Snagglepuss and exit, stage left.
Comedic miscalculations aside, picture isn't the disaster it should've been, bringing Yogi to a younger audience able to ignore the uninspired screenwriting and focus intently on the pie facials and flopping bear collisions.
Boring, pointless, and instantly forgettable, this return to Jellystone Park is no picnic.
Rock-bottom expectations are rewarded, sort of, in this update of Hanna-Barbera's necktied ursus.
Neither smarter nor dumber than the average family-friendly comedy.
A live-action/cartoon mix that's misguided in just about every way.
Genial but instantly forgettable, Yogi Bear takes the beloved Hanna-Barbera character and shoehorns him into an all-too-familiar kids' movie.





@highlight

Yogi Bear's 3D effects and all-star voice cast are cold comfort for its aggressively mediocre screenplay.