The strength of the writing, and therefore the directing, is that it sees the scandal as a minor point in a human experience that is naturally corrupt, and cares more about how those on the inside choose to deal with their realities.
Lurid melodrama lifted by corrosive writing and a frightening performance from the Dame.
Stages the story with a tastefulness both ponderous and dishonest
Smart and brash, it's a picture Bette Davis and Joan Crawford would have killed (preferably each other) to be in.
British cinema fans shouldn't miss this one.
Eyre paces it with an eye for the telling detail, and Blanchett and Dench give harrowing, fearless performances.
Notes on a Scandal is melodrama at its best -- a nasty, wickedly good, over-the-top story with school teachers standing in where vampires usually prowl.
born from watching too many episodes of Jerry Springer, and the filmmakers decided it would be more accepted by the Academy if the characters had British accents.
The characters' motives are base enough, and there's an odd combination of petty incidents having walloping consequences, but the ironies are as delicately layered and "delicious" as they could possibly be without a hint of preciosity.
Dench's performance is the greatest pleasure in a hugely enjoyable, highly literate drama.
...a thoroughly trashy piece of work...
Em seus melhores momentos, é um drama relativamente eficaz. (...) Nos piores, parece uma versão de O Pentelho protagonizada por mulheres e com Judi Dench no lugar de Jim Carrey.
Un brillante duelo actoral entre Judi Dench y Cate Blanchett %u2013dos de las mejores actrices de la actualidad- que es también un sutil estudio sobre la soledad y la obsesión.
As much as Barbara judges, however, you may find yourself in a quandary, not judging so much as taking pleasure in her vile, brilliant perfection.
The movie's driving force is Dench, whose extraordinary performance only underscores her post as one of the world's finest living actresses.
A measured and yet gloriously overblown study of desire, entitlement and the twists we experience while shuttling between the two.
Without a clear protagonist, "Notes On a Scandal" collapses under the weight of its significant subject matter. Nevertheless, Cate Blanchett and Judi Dench rise above the ill- prepared source material with their passionate performances.
This is a strong drama that simmers its way to a boil by the end of the film. It falters only at the very end, in which the story falls back on a cliché.
A borderline melodrama film that is fortunate to feature two superb enough performances to grant it high entertainment status.
There are brilliantly handled scenes of anger, embarrassment and humiliation, and brutal physical and emotional confrontations of great power.
Engrossing, bewildering, searing and shattering, this is a film that reverberates on every level.
he behind-the-camera talent has provided an explosive arena in which Oscar nominees Judi Dench and Cate Blanchett let loose.
That's the wonder of the film: it's about the vicious power of loneliness, played out through a story of two women in love. The tragedy, for both of them, is that it's not with each other.
Blanchett has also recently appeared in The Good German and Babel, but this represents far and away her best work.
Judi Dench and Cate Blanchett are amazing in this psychological power play between an obsessed teacher and her unwitting target.
The performances are housed in an important, perceptive film that may not always be entirely pleasant, but invariably rings true.
Richard Eyre directs the film like a chamber play. He leans on Philip Glass's ever-present and insistent music like a crutch. But his natural gift for framing scenes is terrifically assured. A potent and evil pleasure.
Richard Eyre's direction merely plays up the melodramatic aspects of Zoë Heller's novel, screenwriter Patrick Marber's acidic dialogue occasionally slips into the overwritten, and the rest of the cast gamely chews table scraps.
Notes on a Scandal is about something deeply unlovely in human nature rarely explored by poets, or novelists, or film-makers: the explosive combination of desire and social envy.
Dench makes mincemeat of the often pedantic material.
Superbly directed, utterly compelling drama with a strong script and deservedly Oscar-nominated performances from both Dench and Blanchett.
Dench and Blanchett are wonders to behold, wielding their respective powers over each other and drawing near and far, sparking flames between themselves.
A mental slasher movie with strong lead performances, but too many literary pretenses to mask that it's little more than an 80-minute buildup to a throwdown to a throwdown between Oscar-winning actresses with no real sense of the story's leverage and lust
If you can ignore the script's gaping plotholes this is an acting showcase to savour, with Dame Judi on imperious form.
Shrewdly adapted from Zoë Heller's best-selling novel, Notes On A Scandal grabs your attention with a gentle touch and refuses to let go.
A not-quite-comedy about teacher-student sex, emotional blackmail and soul-curdling loneliness that recalls the phrase that used to appear on the cover of Mad magazine: 'Humor in a jugular vein.'
Intelligent, classy and skin-crawling. You won't see a better acting masterclass this year.
A sensationally stylish and tense drama. Great performances all round make this a movie to remember.
A lurid psychodrama cleverly dressed up in art house garb. It plumbs the recesses of pathetic and sordid human behavior with a wry combination of gleeful deliciousness and arty pretension.
Overheated and critically overrated, Notes on a Scandal is a melodramatic thriller that is best received as an inadvertent comedy -- or perhaps an advertent one.
Dench soaks this movie through to the bone.
... serves up such a deliciously histrionic feast from the stars that it seems downright churlish to complain about the recipe.
Deliciously devilish. Skillfully executed in terms of acting, directing and writing...one caustic, taut tale about indiscretion and the ill-advised ways of broken people.
Notes on a Scandal bubbles with brilliant writing and acting. The arc of its great story rises like a monster from dark water.
A gripping, well acted film, but not one of the year's best
This is the acting equivalent of the Thrilla in Manila, folks.
A tense, penetrating drama that's a passageway into a brutal psychological struggle. The natural-sounding dialogue and screw-turning sideplots make supple fields for Dench and Blanchett to plow with their formidable talents.
Bill Nighy is stunning in the small but pivotal role of Sheba's devastated husband, and Dench locates the desperate pathos in Barbara's malevolence.
Armed with one of the most literate and deviously subtle scripts of 2006
In a role which would have suited Bette Davis in her Baby Jane persona, Dench's psychotic Barbara is in contrast a layered and mannered portrayal.
The main thing this film has going for it are some truly outstanding acting performances, led by Dench and Blanchett.
For all its wierdness, it's a chance to see two performances that ought to be long remembered.
Imagine Single White Female as mounted by the Royal Shakespeare Company, and you've got it. Oh, snickered the critic longing for smart silliness, do I love this movie.
[I]n desperate need of a sense of humor, because only a healthy dollop of To Die For style irony could have saved the material.
... Notes on a Scandal is an intelligent script, brilliantly acted and well directed by Richard Eyre. You can't ask much more.
Philip Glass sees exclamation points in the narrative where others might see commas. But I thought his score was sublime.
That the film makes such impact is due to partly to the men in the supporting roles but mostly to Dench and Blanchett. They've made 30 films and TV shows between them in the last five years, but they're still capable of finding reactions we haven't seen.
The ever-evolving onscreen relationship between Dench and Blanchett does make it watchable. And Dench really sinks her teeth into this material, making the unhinged Barbara one of those characters you hate to love.
Notes on a Scandal isn't deep. It's chilly and mean and takes a largely dim view of humanity. None of which prevents it from being good, nasty fun.
A wonderfully acted, wickedly funny and provocative film that contains an intriguing and perceptive glimpse at loneliness.
This compact, fierce and frightening domestic thriller is the most violent film in many a day. The rage is in the angry words, the deepest thoughts of its 'heroine,' and the fear about what might come from those words is palpable.
Notes on a Scandal builds creepy suspense, abetted by the repetitively gripping Philip Glass score. The film doesn't quite deliver the powerhouse finale I would have liked, though the memory lingers of these sad women and their desperate behavior.
The sheer force and fearlessness of Dench's performance is something to behold, as Barbara's deeply ingrained class and personal resentments mix with a discomfiting neediness.
Crackles with venomous dialogue. ... Every word slices both ways, wounding the one wielding it as much as the one hearing it.
Revelations abound, confidences are shared, and tempers flare -- until, by the climax, Notes on a Scandal seems awfully redolent of one of those Bette Davis/Joan Crawford bitch-fights in What Ever Happened to Baby Jane?
Apart from its devilish tone, Notes on a Scandal also has some interesting things to say about what constitutes a relationship.
Think of it as Masterpiece Theatre filtered through Days of Our Lives.
While Glenn Close played her Fatal Attraction character's 'I will not be ignored' psycho-obsession out front and out loud, Dench does it as subtext, making it all the more insidious, frightening ... and fascinating.
Dench is a perfect iceberg, relaying her lines with a smug wit, her eyebrows slanted up like daggers of condescension. When photographed in close-up, she's the very picture of ghostly wickedness. Hate her or pity her -- you can't forget her.
Oscar voters, take note: Notes on a Scandal contains two of the best female performances of 2006.
In England, it seems, actresses have nothing to fear from age. They can simply wait for writers to create fresh work for them.
Patrick Marber's adaptation of the Zoë Heller novel improves upon the promise of the [Dench/Blanchett] pairing with a story that wastes no time on preliminaries as it descends -- gleefully -- into pitch-black comedy.
Notes on a Scandal emerges as a remarkable character study: difficult to watch, impossible to look away.
Though [Dench's character's] actions are cruel, they are brilliantly, memorably so -- executed with a twisted genius worthy of Iago.
Notes on a Scandal packs more heat, acid, danger and drama into its brief running time than most films of nearly double the length.
Notes on a Scandal's resolution is a bit less challenging than the finale of Heller's novel, but for the most part it's equally scathing, a nasty little peek into the worst of human behavior.
Dramatic overstatement saturates just about every piece of this production. Even that master of orchestral pop minimalism, Philip Glass, managed to write a score that slinks into the dark shadows of old gothic witchery.
Almost unbearably tense as the relationship between cat and mouse takes completely unexpected, if completely believable, turns.
Notes on a Scandal may not always be deeply illuminating, but [director Richard] Eyre adds enough pathos and emotional realism to keep the movie from curdling into a snide joke.
The writers and the actors have just enough sympathy for their characters to keep Notes from deteriorating into a comedy of horrible manners.
Ms. Dench is scary good, a collection of withering glances and quiet delusion accentuated by a wickedly funny voice-over. Ms. Blanchett matches her step for step.
Portraying the most encrusted cat-lady of them all, Dench sinks her fangs into the spinster role, brandishing Marber's dialogue like a lethal weapon; she's Selma Bouvier with a sniper's rifle for a tongue.
The movie serves as a convenient locale for Dench and Blanchett to showcase their abilities, but it could be more involving.
Often cruelly funny... Dench and Blanchett fearlessly reach for the skies, giving performances that hold back nothing. A feminine version of The Talented Mr. Ripley.
Notes on a Scandal is my favorite kind of thriller. It's the kind that really could happen.
It's an actor's triumph.
These fine actresses triumph over the sketchy script, making us sympathize with these damaged women.
It's a thrill to see powerhouse actresses lock horns in an emotional battle royal, and Notes on a Scandal gives us two of England's finest in pitched combat.
This is the kind of film so joyful you can imagine watching it again and again. Anytime you come away from such ultimately dark subject matter suffused with happy appreciation, you know you've stumbled on something special.
Setting aside the scads of preposterous plot contrivance, Patrick Marber's screenplay is full of jaundiced cleverness about England's class system, but that's far from enough to save this disreputable movie.
It's a poison bonbon tastier than just about anything else out there.
Do not listen to the people who insist the film is brilliant, classy, or groundbreaking, for it is none of those things. It is, however, an awful lot of fun to watch.
...a black-hearted, talon-slashing, bitter cup of arsenic -- you'll almost feel guilty for having so much catty fun with such sheer, unbridled misery. Almost.
A wanton cinematic treat.
This internalised dramatic thriller makes the most of subtly perceptive writing, directing and acting.
Judi Dench is not only a very talented actress, but also a very brave and versatile one.
The skillful Patrick Marber adapted this gripping drama from a novel by Zoe Heller, and it's both literate and urgently plotted, with a voice-over from Dench that cuts like broken glass.
The screenplay has a bracing tincture of Grand Guignol, and nothing is simple when the two women are played by a couple of superlative actresses who clearly delight in one another.
A terrific psycho-sexual thriller.
Dench's Barbara Covett lacks the true menace to make her into an effective villain, and the recognizable humanity to make the lack of menace irrelevant.
Judi Dench and Cate Blanchett go the extra yard to bring genuinely anguished insight into the reverberation of sexual and personal predation.
Dench gives her character real dimension and you, almost, feel bad for her. Almost. It's a juicy role and an Oscar-worthy performance by the grand dame...
Nothing is what it seems, everything looking one way before suddenly, sometimes emotionally cripplingly, twisting into a completely different direction. It is a brilliantly layered piece of give and take, all of it performed to incandescent perfection.
A lot is wrong about Notes On A Scandal, starting with a frenetic Phillip Glass score that absurdly heightens nearly every scene in which it's used, squeezing the wit out of what might've been a wicked black comedy.
In making the leap this holiday season from a Dame to a Broad, Judi Dench has chosen to apply her inestimable talents to a tried and true fork in the thespian road.
Patrick Marber's adaptaion of Zoe Heller's novel is one of the snarkiest of the year, in turns funny, riveting and appalling.
This wicked comedy from Brit director Richard Eyre and screenwriter Patrick Marber could have been called The Prime of Miss Butch Brodie. This is a nasty, nasty movie -- every wonderful moment of it.
A cautionary tale which amply illustrates how far the culture has come in terms of portraying the Mary Kay Letourneaus of the world empathetically.
An incisive script by Patrick Marber (Closer), based on the novel by Zoe Heller and brilliantly ruthless performances by Dench, Blanchett, and Bill Nighy as Sheba's husband make this an intense psychological drama with the urgency of last night's news.
What makes this movie work are the powerhouse performances by Judi Dench and Cate Blanchett; they will blow you away.
the great actress gets a chance to rock your world as one of the creepiest, most fiendish characters you have ever seen on screen.
Notes on a Scandal is so magnificently acted that you barely notice, until a telling little coda, that you've been watching a horror film, albeit one so sophisticated that all the violence is verbal.
Notes on a Scandal won't be everyone's cup of tea. But if you like your films strong, this one is not to be missed.
[Features] a point of view that is somewhat gimlet-eyed and offered with absolutely no sentimentality whatsoever.
With lesser actresses in the leads, it could be merely nasty, but in Dench and Blanchett's hands, it's scathingly tragic without ever resorting to vulgar melodrama.
A tour de force performance by Judi Dench drives the film, but Cate Blanchett and Bill Nighy also are marvelous in powerful, if more restrained, roles.
If you want to see explosive acting, just watch Judi Dench and Cate Blanchett ignite in this film version of Zoe Heller's 2003 novel.
A refreshingly literate, cold-blooded drama.
Judi Dench and Cate Blanchett star in a misanthropic game of cat and mouse from which no one emerges unscathed, including saps like us who think we're watching a film about other people.
Notes on a Scandal is a great cure for a holiday hangover. See it.
Sexy, aspirational and post-politically correct, Notes on a Scandal could turn out to be the Fatal Attraction of the oughties.
How about bestowing the year's most-overrated tag on Notes on a Scandal, an over-the-top melodrama that takes Zoe Heller's first-rate page-turner and transforms it into something that's neither here nor there.
The film itself settles for one level of pulp satisfaction, but Dench and Blanchett transcend it.
It is a chilling, memorable performance by Dame Judith, who will earn many award nominations, as should Blanchett. They are the perhaps the most impressive acting duo in any film of 2006. And Bill Nighy is their equal.
You'll want to take a shower after Notes on a Scandal, but you'll be glad you got dirty.
.....an almost perfect film.....
It's very intriguing and well done, and worthy of your time.
Dench's coup de grace of trying to get Blanchett to comfort her over her dying 'pussycat' reads no differently than the ridiculous requests Kramer made to Seinfeld after giving him his blood.
...Dench single-handedly turns this unassuming domestic drama into a queasy thriller.
Ennui with a pedigree.
If you don't already worship at the Church of Judi Dench, Notes on a Scandal may be the film that causes your conversion.
Just to see Cate Blanchett bitchslap Judi Dench is worth the price of admission.
Intense and ironic, it's a compelling story of trust and betrayal.
Bleak, mean-spirited and wonderfully enjoyable.
The ferocious acting turns the movie into a tense emotional landslide, articulating the confining terror of a life lived inside one's own head.
A riveting and disturbing drama about the friendship between two women and the desperate things loneliness will drive us to do.
It's a grand thing to watch these two Academy Award winners, who easily could be back in Oscar contention with this film, have at each other.
Everyone's a predator in this tale.
What in Zoe Heller's novel, upon which the film is based, served as a subtle undercurrent here is hammered upon to a desperate degree. Exacerbating the film's ill-suited film noir-ish tone is Philip Glass' intrusive score.
Convincingly roiling.
Enough can't be said about Dench's gutsy, unglamorous work here.
In order to propel circumstances to a conclusion, Notes on a Scandal relies upon a contrivance so ugly and obvious that it's impossible to ignore.
When an actress raises the bar of her craft as vertiginously high as Judi Dench, it can be a bit dizzy-making for an audience whenever she insists on topping herself.
This being Oscar season, we must point out that Dench and Blanchett are two of your finalists.
If only the movie's early momentum were kept intact.
A wonderfully salacious and psychologically controlling character piece, which brilliantly showcases two of the industry's more gifted actresses.
Rises above its modern-day thriller roots due to its superlative script and three amazing actors who can properly do this story justice.
It's very worth the ticket price.
It features an excoriating script from Patrick Marber which is a perfect match for Judi Dench's acid voiceover, contempt larding her every word.
The build-up in this movie is actually too good for its ending, but that's also no reason to skip out on a wonderful turn from Dench.
Written with the same kind of duplicitous, conniving overtones that Marber injected into Closer; only, for me, it lacks the same bite.
'Notes on a Scandal' is a memorable portrait of self-destruction. And, believe me, it's not a pretty sight.
Stars Judi Dench in one of the cruelest, most isolating roles of her career. She's Barbara Covett, a British school teacher of a certain age who wields a poisonous wit that's so cutting, it tends to draw its share of blood.
Not perfect and meant to be disturbing for its take on complex moral issues, this British film is so well acted that it is Oscar-bound.
Its sleazy, low-down content guarantees few, if any awards, but it also provides a far more entertaining film.
Notes on a Scandal is both dramatic and funny thanks to an incisive script by Patrick Marber (Closer), with Dame Judi Dench and Cate Blanchett delivering performances that are memorable and exhilarating.
It's a shame that such a deliciously twisted story comes across as so pedestrian onscreen.
A pair of crack performances.
Take a note: This is Judi Dench in the performance ofher career as a needy teacher who exploits and almostdestroys a younger woman.
Note to self: accept no British imports trying to be American trash.
Could ... have turned out to be a guilty pleasure were it more uninhibited and less rushed.
Notes on a Scandal is another squirm-und-drang movie: too creepy-sad to be a comedy, too intense to watch quietly, without letting out frequent whoops.
An exquisitely dark comedy of manners and morals.
A multi-obsessional treasury for Blanchett and Dench to plunder with crackling creative joy.
Dench is nothing less than great in this role. It's hard to recall a recent performance of such unrelenting ferocity, such a thoroughgoing devotion to the domination of another life.
Notes on a Scandal is a wicked delight.
A deviously entertaining account of one woman's indiscretions as related by a not-so-disinterested third party.
The scandal is the misogynist tone taken toward this film's female characters.
Nasty sex scandal drama.
Brilliant and riveting. Judi Dench gets my Best Actress vote! And I tell you why female teachers have sex with teen boys.
What begins as a witty and subtle chronicle of female friendship, loneliness and panic escalates into a melodramatic tabloid saga with lots of screaming, but Judi Dench is exquisite and her voice-over narration is masterful, stressing every syllabus


@highlight

In this sharp psychological thriller, Judi Dench and Cate Blanchett give fierce, memorable performances as two schoolteachers locked in a battle of wits.