The problem is that this story and all its supposed shock value is just plain boring.
A Million Ways to Die's endless parade of toots undermines its actors. The writing also manages to find less-scatological ways to disrespect women and minorities.
The movie has more respect and affection for the Old West (and old western movies) than I imagined it could. The Oscar stint and Ted remain unforgiven, but I'm willing to look at whatever MacFarlane does next.
Neil Patrick Harris owns the movie's funniest scene, involving not one, but two bowler hats and no relief in sight.
The funniest thing about One Million Ways ...? How come McFarlane was much more convincing as Ted than he is here as a real person.
MacFarlane's aim is true when it comes to the pic's continuous meta-commentary.
[MacFarlane] thinks he's winking-making bad jokes to subvert their precise calculation with awkward explanations he hopes conjure laughs-but it's a plea of desperation.
Although hardly 'Blazing Saddles,' the movie is pretty funny when it depicts the Old West as a place of such 'general depressing awfulness' it can sink a person into 'a disgusting, awful, dirty cesspool of despair.'
There are moments of wit in the script, and one or two strong scenes, but the film feels oddly directionless for much of its runtime.
Audiences high on popcorn fumes will laugh along at the smut. But, at its core, this is a spiritually empty vessel trying to make a lot of box office noise. Blazing Saddles (1974) or Cat Ballou (1965) it ain't.
Seth MacFarlane is tedious, but Charlize Theron saves the day.
There are a million moments in which to contemplate your own demise while watching the smug self-indulgence and cheap, overelaborated non-comedy of this vanity project.
There is plenty to amuse in A Million Ways to Die in the West, but it's not a very good movie.
There's no depth to what you see on screen here: MacFarlane is simply doing what he does best; delivering cheap laughs as he continues to try and push the boundaries.
MacFarlane's legions of fans will no doubt flock to his latest reckless creation with an eagerness to please, but afterward they might just plead with him to keep his day job.
The one person who gets the balance right, weighing parody and homage, is the composer, Joel McNeely, whose opening theme stirs hopes and memories that the movie cannot match.
While I'm sure fans will find something to appreciate, I personally found this to be the worst comedy since Adam Sandler's Grown Ups 2 and easily one of the worst of the year.
Uneven yes, funny at times, yes, often uproariously so.
A Million Ways to Die in the West spends more time trying to push the buttons of its audience rather than entertaining it. It's amusing in small doses, but as a whole it's about three horseshoes away from being an atrocity to the comedy genre.
It forces characters into situations that are silly without reason, and expects the premise to substantiate a lot of bizarre twists that seem to exist out of total conceit.
A comedy that desperately wants to emulate Mel Brooks, but fails in every respect.
Theron's endearing rapport with MacFarlane the actor helps smooth over whenever MacFarlane the writer/director goes a little overboard with his penchant for toilet humor.
Well-meaning sheep farmer runs afoul of ruthless gunfighter. Also, Neil Patrick Harris sh*ts in a hat.
MacFarlane is one of the few male comic creative talents to have honed a style that stands against the Judd Apatow school of realism, but the movie just doesn't quite work.
Humour is, of course deeply personal, some people will enjoy this more, but few would disagree that McFarlane is capable of so much more.
Where's Gene Wilder when you need him? . . . What MacFarlane has achieved falls somewhere between Blazing Saddles and Blahs-ing Saddles.
As scatter-shot as a double-barreled shotgun packed with rock salt. Come back Lili Von Shtupp.
You'd think that you'd have plenty of room for good humour when trying to spoof the western genre, but MacFarlane falls back on the same childish material again and again.
Haiku MacFarlane should have Watched Blazing Saddles instead of remaking it.
When the satire works, it is a thing of Dada wonder. Sharp absurdity played with a nimble spirit. When it doesn't, it is a pallid, bloated thing smugly vamping for its own amusement
Bawdy, naughty-mouthed cowboy-movie parody goes places Mel Brooks and the Farrelly brothers never dared.
The comic relief never wears out the dramatic relief, and vice versa. It is low. Come for the sheep whizzing in MacFarlane's face-we're even now for "We Saw Your Boobs." Stay to see Theron handling a battering husband rather aesthetically.
They could have just called it A Million Jokes Die in the West So That Six May Work.
A meta western so gutbusting it makes Blazing Saddles look like Unforgiven. Ignore all other reviews. It's genius.
Stupefying in its unfunniness, arrogance and outright narcissism, A Million Ways to Die in the West is a shoo-in for my Worst of the Year list come December.
Even 15-year-old boys will find this disappointingly puerile.
If you've seen the trailer you've seen the best gags.
The Old West re-imagined as fodder for the coarsest of gross-out fare!
The comedy is hit and miss, with just enough hits to make it worth watching once.
"A Million Ways To Die In The West" may remind MacFarlane's core audience of what they're missing by not having Westerns as part of their regular movie menu.
A better title, a million ways to laugh in the West.
It's essentially Blazing Saddles, only the fart jokes aren't quite as fresh.
A Million Ways to Die in the West feels like about 80 minutes of material was padded out to 110 minutes.
A scattershot affair that mixes MacFarlane's characteristically crass and off-kilter sense of humor with sentimentality and affable goofiness.
All teenage boys use women as props to boost their ego, it's just strange to see a grown man do it and charge audiences the price of a cinema ticket to watch.
MacFarlane is content to act like a monkey flinging its own poop at everyone in close proximity, and most of the material, unshackled from anything of import, is either stretched beyond the breaking point or witless in the first place.
The saddles aren't blazing; they're damp.
"Django Unchained" already recently nailed it. By contrast, "A Million Ways to Die in the West" is an attempted copycat -- messily comprised of some comedic hits but more misses -- that we just didn't need.
Hogging the screen in this moronic vanity project, Seth MacFarlane's vulgar but just not funny.
Wait for Ted 2.
It's unclear if boredom is one of the million ways you can die in the west, but it nearly took us out while watching this film.
Well, I'm not sure the world needed two whole minutes of a gastrically panicked Neil Patrick Harris defecating in hats.
MacFarlane's die-hard fans may find the silver lining in this movie, but everyone else will likely find A Million Ways to Die in the West one of this summer's big disappointments.
An earnest homage to the Western, albeit with an anachronistic protagonist who's too clean-shaven and well-spoken to fit in in 1882 Arizona. ... Yet the conceit works.
A Million Ways to Die in the West will satisfy a lot of cinemagoers. It's fine, really.
Short on laugh-out-loud comedy beats - while also failing to find the 'heart' that made similar genre farces like Blazing Saddles timeless comedy classics.
I suppose I was looking forward to A Million Ways to Die in the West just a little too much for my own good.
Fart jokes are all too plentiful, along with copious references to bodily fluids, but in this zany context the film gets away with them. And the screenplay is crammed with witty lines. The western lives on.
Overly crude jokes and gross-out humor drag comedy down.
Quite clever, and the fact that you never really know what the film is going to toss your way is part of the fun. A solidly goofy romp.
MacFarlane's "Million Ways" has an equal affinity for both the laughs and the Western landscape.
The script squanders many opportunities for real laughs and it continually plays it safe with sophomoric humor that would create giggles in middle-schoolers.
The problem isn't just that MacFarlane is a bad actor, but that Anna's character makes absolutely no sense.
Saddles that should blaze in A Million Ways to Die in the West only spit-sizzle, so Mel Brooks is still king, and it's good to be that.
The movie, which MacFarlane directed and cowrote with Alec Sulkin and Wellesley Wild, is clever about its anachronisms. You stay surprised.
A Million Ways to Die moseys unmercifully through a plot whose length can't sustain its comic invention although once in a while it leaps to a kind of demented life.
In A Million Ways to Die in the West, director-star Seth MacFarlane builds an imposing, affectionate reconstruction of the American movie West, then defaces it with funny mustaches -- often literally.
If you measure a comedy by how many times you laughed, Seth MacFarlane's A Million Ways to Die in the West, at least for me, is a middling success.
[MacFarlane] has leading-man looks, but is uneasy in his first onscreen performance; he practically jabs the audience in the ribs after every gag or punch line, pushing his product like a used car salesman desperate to make a sale.
Tumbleweeds literally blow between the laughs of this lackluster comedy.
But for all its hit-and-miss jokes, there are lots of ways to die laughing at this Western raunchfest.
Seth MacFarlane's comedy western boasts gags galore - some a lot cruder than others. But the hits outnumber the misses.
For me, Seth MacFarlane is a bit like the Ron Paul of comedy, with three good ideas for every one REALLY bad one, three genuinely funny gags to one so bad it makes me groan until I start to see flashy things in my field of vision.
For a man who mocks pop culture so well he can barely pull of the most American of pop culture, the western.
[MacFarlane] has written himself the only part with anything to do. Putting him at the center of the film was suicide.
The laughs come a decent enough clip, but McFarlane's satirical sights are slightly off. He could've aimed a little higher a little more often.
Raunchy and irreverent, "A Million Ways to Die in the West" proves there are a million ways to laugh in the West.
After the success of Ted, Seth MacFarlane gives himself his first leading-man role in this hilarious but overlong comedy-Western.
Shooting for satire and hilarity but landing limply in a no-laughs-land between sit-com and cartoon, A Million Ways to Die in the West offers you at least two times that many ways to disappoint in the theater.
What could have been a sharp-tongued satire ends up an overlong, uneven, self-aggrandizing misfire.
A comedy clinker set in the old Wild West.
MacFarland just can't go toe-to-toe with the likes of Liam Neeson or Charlize Theron. Parts of "West" look like those old Oscar intros where Billy Crystal would be spliced into actual movies.
MacFarlane has been allowed to run rampant with his racism, gun violence and ill-will towards women for far too long.
If MacFarlane was going for comedic shock value with this film, he failed miserably. What he has put on screen in 2014 is no longer funny or shocking, just stupid and a bit sick.
A two-hour comedy with only two good jokes in it.
There are some funny moments in 'A Million Ways to Die in the West,' and a few of them are inspired, but you just keep waiting for it to find its stride and it never does.
Think of MacFarlane as a post-modern classicist, who loves his source material, even if he can't resist the impulse to mock its conventions..I laughed frequently and heartily.
Some of the gags do land - maybe one in four. But the genre-parody genre with big stars and poop jokes needs a little more class than MacFarlane is capable of providing.
...off-kilter and persistently irreverent...
Feels antiquated - like a Bob Hope comedy from the forties.
Here at last, Seth MacFarlane in the flesh. Unfortunately, the flesh is weak.
MacFarlane knows his audience and A Million Ways to Die in the West is one of the funniest films of the year - provided you're a member of his audience.
MacFarlane's best jokes come from that crazy, yet very true statement as we see all of the ways someone can die in the godforsaken dirt bowl that is the Wild Wild West.
At the end of the day, no matter how poorly this may be directed, written, and acted, the only thing a good comedy needs to do is make you laugh and this one does it in spades. Funniest comedy of 2014.
Those with arrested comedic development might find it amusing to one degree or another, but too much of the toilet humor simply stinks. (Full Content Review for Parents also Available)
Yes, it crosses lines. Yes, it works hard to offend. Yes, it is silly. But you know what? It's also laugh-out-loud funny. And isn't that the point?
Yes, there are a million ways to die in the west. Boredom shouldn't be one of them.
A failure on nearly every level, "A Million Ways to Die in the West" almost approaches so-bad-you-need-to-see-it categorization.
This movie feels like it has a million jokes, and every single one arrives with a lethal thud.
Feels more like an extended riff than a fully fleshed-out film.
Not the laugh-a-minute riot FG fans are accustomed to, but [the film] is consistently funny and [Seth] MacFarlane works hard to relate everything back to the main story...solidly entertaining...also puts to rest any doubts that MacFarlane can hold a lead.
Where five or six chuckles in 22 minutes isn't a bad average, five or six chuckles spread out over 117 minutes is dismal.
The jokes are mostly funny, the songs are charming, the scatology is only occasionally off-putting and overall it's a pretty good time at ye ol' air-conditioned nickelodeon.
Within spitting distance of good...lesser than the sum of its parts due to deficits of ambition, invention and commitment.
Even when "A Million Ways to Die in the West" takes a tumble, it never loses its winsomely sunny, eager-to-please disposition. This—and the pleasure of watching the movie's charismatic actors mix it up—makes it all worthwhile.
There are still plenty of good laughs ... but a lot of film misses the mark.
If there were a shootout in the Hollywood comedic corral between...Blazing Saddles, and the new kid in town, A Million Ways to Die in the West, it's not even a contest. Brooks' classic would chase the upstart out of town with a backside full of lead.
MacFarlane has a lot of jokes he wants to tell, and the result is an often disgustingly funny movie that is far too long and far too broad.
There's so much bodily waste on screen that the film becomes the cinematic equivalent of a cesspool.
There's not much that's good in it, plenty that's bad, and an awful lot that's just plain ugly.
MacFarlane dabbles in exploring deeper themes but more often than not gives way to an endless stream of fart and poop jokes, profanity, and labored racial humor.
Between the slapstick, pointless celebrity cameos, in-jokes and steady stream of feeble puns, the violence is surprisingly graphic.
One long joke about much it would have sucked to live (and die, at a relatively young age), in the Old West.
A solid slice of gross-out gratuity and saddle sore scatology
It is too long, too dumb, and too gross. But sometimes funny.
Funny in places but relentlessly crude.
If Seth MacFarlane ever corrects the bad habits he's developed as a director, he could become the Mel Brooks of the 21st century.
A Million Ways to Die in the West has a clever and sometimes hilarious setup, but it has no idea how to follow through on it.
The Old West apparently offered too many outhouses and too much horse manure for MacFarlane to resist over-mining that particular vein.
The down-for-anything cast, along with a handful of welcome cameos, can't prop up its weakest link: Seth MacFarlane.
As refreshing as it may be to see MacFarlane unleashed from the shackles of contemporary pop culture, he's still sent to the gallows by a script that he should have shot down.
MacFarlane is a very funny dude, and there are times "A Million Ways to Die" is indeed funny. But too often the movie feels half-baked.
Your mileage may vary depending on your enthusiasm for his smirking frat-boy comedy.
There's nothing about this plotline that doesn't feel like a retread, and MacFarlane, I'm sorry to report, still seems like the funniest guy in the writers' room rather than a genuine movie star.
What's to hate? Let me count the ways. The laziness of the writing. The numbing overreliance on poop and pee jokes. The long, arid stretches between anything resembling a joke.
A tired exercise in scatology, a film laced with enough poop, piss and penis joke to last you a lifetime.
McFarlane's courting of Charlize Theron occasionally plays with the gag-inducing coyness of a Katherine Heigl rom-com.
Director, producer, writer, and star Seth MacFarlane laments the epic romantic tragedy of Seth MacFarlane, who deserves a beautiful girlfriend because he's 'nice.'
The problem isn't that the jokes are crass; they're just not that funny.
Much of the film rests on MacFarlane's shoulders, and he has toned down the snide, obnoxious demeanor that spoiled his turn as the 2013 Oscars host.
MacFarlane, who wrote the script with Alec Sulkin and Wellesley Wild, keeps the gags flying like hot lead out of a Colt .45. And for every three that don't land, one or two hit the bullseye.
Seth MacFarlane's scattershot love letter to Blazing Saddles hits the comic bull's eye when it counts, but also has its fair share of misfires.
[MacFarlane] is so naturally gifted at delivering glib laughs that he doesn't really need to try, and A Million Ways To Die In The West would benefit from a lot more effort and a little less of MacFarlane's cavalier confidence.
The film's most inventive running gag involves what must be a MacFarlane obsession with the classic stiff subjects of Old West photographs.
Too enamoured of genre convention to reach for the comic dynamite.
Plays directly to MacFarlane's fascination with poo-poo, pee-pee humor, without ever moving beyond the basics of sophomoric gags to transform into the raging farce it sporadically hints at becoming.
MacFarlane has upped his cinematic ambitions, but he's failed to improve his joke-crafting, his narrative sense or his acting.
The real problem with "A Million Ways to Die in the West" is one of editing. There are a million jokes in it, but only 500,000 of them are funny.
MacFarlane gets away with comic murder in A Million Ways to Die, and he does it by being a little bit naughty and a little bit raunchy. But most of all, by being adorably cute. In a bad boy sort of way.
It's another example of MacFarlane's ability to mix poop jokes with romance, foul language with sweet sentiment, offensive humor with boyish charm.
Some of it sputters, settling for smiles instead of laughs, and much of it flounders while the slapdash script searches, at exhausting length, for ever more common denominators in toilet humor.
MacFarlane's comedic approach has always been that of throw everything at the wall and see what sticks. It's no different this time out, and the jokes are so plentiful that the odds are in this movie's favor for a substantial number of them to succeed.
Importation of modern sensibilities into olden times is the gimmick, but now and then, MacFarlane forgets himself and just has fun. Once or twice, he even seems to feel something.
What helps the picture work - and makes some of the unnecessarily graphic bits easier to forgive - is the interaction between the two leads.
While the whole thing feels weirdly miscalculated to me, "A Million Ways to Die in the West" tweaks the formula just enough, delivers a few laughs and keeps the guest stars coming.
'Round these parts, when a movie promises a million laughs but only delivers a dozen chuckles, that's a hanging offense.
If you want to find out how much scope the Old West contains for jokes about violent bowel movements, this is very much your movie.
There are enough laughs scattered throughout A Million Ways to Die in the West that while you're watching it, the movie seems like a passable comedy. By the time you get home, though, you can barely remember the jokes.
Is this the next Blazing Saddles? No. But there are enough silly laughs sprinkled throughout if you're into this brand of comedy.
An epic fail on every conceivable level.
This comedy hits the target just enough to find box office gold in them thar hills.
What we have here is a failure of craft. [MacFarlane] can't direct action, or even handle scenery well.
MacFarlane is after something beyond absurdity. He gets to the crux of the matter, that life in the West was cheap, at least as portrayed in the movies, and he tells us, often hilariously, that this is nothing we should celebrate.
A dud from Seth MacFarlane.
Jumbling frat-house humor with nostalgic period sets and costumes is like writing a punchline to a Frederic Remington painting. Only less hilarious.
A Million Ways to Die in the West is guaranteed to divide audiences, but it's a really solid comedy with more than enough laughs to offset its minor shortcomings.
It's a tired opinion, but Seth MacFarlane really does only appeal to fans of Seth MacFarlane... of which, I imagine the number one fan is Seth MacFarlane.
Too often, diarrhea-into-a-hat feels like a metaphor for what MacFarlane's doing with the movie.
Plot details can be scattershot, but it succeeds thanks to an outrageously comical deconstruction of Hollywood Westerns and an appealing cast of characters.
Demolishes the heroic mystique of the Old West with the nose-thumbing glee of a rambunctious brat who has just crawled out of a fetid mud puddle.
Like much of MacFarlane's work, A Million Ways suffers from an inability to maintain consistent characters or to make plot funny.
MacFarlane's irreverent humor feels subdued without the jolt of animation that gave his previous big-screen effort, Ted, an extra oomph of shock and awe.
Overlong and comedically uneven, A Million Ways to Die in the West spends far too much time treading water and nowhere near enough time being funny.
In an odd way, this comedy western feels like the most personal creative work [MacFarlane]'s ever done.
Are you kidding me? Ah, if only.
All the whiny point-scoring is such an explicit appeal for audience sympathy that the dialogue feels derived from a malnourished stand-up routine.
MacFarlane is just passable as a leading man, but as a director and co-writer with two others he has a wider comic imagination than "Blazing Saddles." For every so-so gag there are three genius ones.
Seth MacFarlane takes a genuinely interesting premise, about how the Old West was a cesspool of disease and despair, and buries it (and his talented cast) under a pile of unfunny gross-out jokes.
The most unromantic take on the Wild West since John Wayne in The Searchers vowed to kill his niece.
Comedy is certainly subjective, but as a fan of MacFarlane's other work I found "A Million Ways to Die in the West" a comedy misfire.
If MacFarlane was hoping to make a new generation's "Blazing Saddles," he failed amid an avalanche of dumb.
MacFarlane's leading man career begins and ends with this
Seth MacFarlane scales back on some of the crassness and plays up the charm in his latest feature film. The result is fitfully funny, a bit trifling, and paradoxically inoffensive.
If Seth MacFarlane had made BLAZING SADDLES it would have been two hours of Gene Wilder exclaiming "Holy s**t, the West is RACIST!"
That both Seth MacFarlane and Neil Patrick Harris are in this and neither performs the one musical number is enough evidence that the movie is altogether wrongheaded.
MacFarlane has corralled a great cast, which makes it especially disappointing that the movie's merely OK.
It's surprising how quickly the worst elements of the film began to stack up, and do their part to tear the whole thing down.
A sagebrush comedy whose visual grandeur and appealing actors get polluted by some astonishingly lazy writing.
A lightweight attempt to emulate the satiric approach to the Western genre already perfected by Mel Brooks with "Blazing Saddles."
Though the film is hardly laugh-free, its uneven jokes appear to have breezed through a very forgiving editing process.
[Seth MacFarlane] approaches the Western not as a cinephile, but as someone who sat down and really thought about jokes to make about living in a not yet completely settled locale where danger comes from all sides.
It's well-made, often (and outrageously) funny, and manages to keep up the pace and interest for nearly two hours. Clearly there's more to MacFarlane than a bad Oscar show, "Ted" and some Fox-TV toons.
A Million Ways to Die in the West is a giant tumbleweed of a comedy drifting aimlessly through a laugh-free desert.
[VIDEO ESSAY] Of the hundred or so gags, jokes, and one-liners that comic genius Seth MacFarlane throws at the wall over the course of this bawdy and sometimes grotesque Western comedy, nearly half of them connect with a funny bone.
Despite a very likeable, breezy turn from Charlize Theron, this Western satire buckles under its creator's self-indulgence and self-satisfaction.
A flaccid all-star farce that's handsomely dressed up with nowhere to go for most of its padded two-hour running time.
A Million Ways to Die in the West hits more often than it misses.
... deeply undisciplined, and it undercuts its own best instincts in ways I find almost unbearably frustrating.
Might as well just be an extended episode of 'Family Guy' set in the West.
If you grade a comedy by how frequently you chuckle, then A Million Ways to Die in the West is funny enough; too often, unfortunately, MacFarlane and his co-writers go for bits where the shock value is supposed to equal actual humor.
You have to do a little trash diving but it excels when deconstructing the Western genre
Perhaps Seth MacFarlane thought that this would be a Blazing Saddles for a new generation, yet A Million Ways to Die in the West belongs way, way on the other side of the western comedy spectrum.
The solid cast is shunted aside for long passages, allowing MacFarlane underserved centre stage for most of the film's inexcusable 116 minute running time.
It could have been funnier and some of the sheep penis jokes could have been circumcised, but there is an appealing cumulative effect to the nonsense


@highlight

While it offers a few laughs and boasts a talented cast, Seth MacFarlane's overlong, aimless A Million Ways to Die in the West is a disappointingly scattershot affair.