Pedro Almodóvar rebounds after a series of disappointments with Julieta, which reminds us of the Spanish writer-director's greatness.
As usual, Almodóvar enjoys toying with dynamics of feminine relationships, friends and foes alike. Deceptions aren't dead ends but doorways to other emotional twists.
For Almodovar fans, this will be a sumptuous return to the reds and pinks of his cinema.
Its examination of a woman reconciling the joys, pains, regrets and fears of her life resolves in a manner that is satisfying to the narrative, but which viewers might feel lacks an emotional catharsis.
There's an undeniable emotional intensity to what eventually becomes an exploration of guilt, but it's also overwritten.
... it makes up in long-term resonance what it lacks in immediate closure.
Julieta strikes at a part of womanhood that's universal in scope, but definitely carries more weight in societies such as ours where gender roles are alive and well.
With a subtle and deft touch, Julieta illustrates how the senses can define character and memory.
You can go on and on with this game, but it's not clear what the point is.
Julieta interprets a woman's complex story, something Almadovar does so well, through a series of still lives: red frosting, a blue sweater -- a fine film.
In an [Pedro] Almodovar movie, everything from hair styles to wall paper take on evocative meaning.
As it turns out Julieta is a solidly good movie but not one of Almodovar's best. If there is criticism of Julieta, is that Almodovar's stitching of Munro's stories is not seamless
"Julieta" may not be top-tier Almodovar, but a collaboration between him and Munro, two artists who have spent their lives going deep into the interior lives of women, shouldn't be overlooked.
Julieta has been called a departure for the filmmaker... It certainly is, if by "departure" we mean a really dull and convoluted movie as opposed to a good one.
Designed, acted and composed with characteristically admirable intention and intelligence, but it doesn't aspire to the pitch of delirium that distinguishes the director's most memorable work.
Almodóvar has made some powerful melodramas before, but here, working with a new crop of actors and unusually wishy-washy material, he doesn't quite pull it off.
Despite its shorter length, the film never feels unfulfilled or abbreviated. Its terrific performances, beautiful narrative, and haunting score... are so immersive that decades of life go by without it ever dragging.
This is nothing if not an odd movie to encourage people to see. It's a graft of artistic forms, one atop another, that doesn't really take. But just the attempt alone is more than a little compelling.
A very seductive film that explores the concepts of fate and the feeling of guilt. [Full review in Spanish]
The cinematography... is, at times, almost an actor in the film.
Suárez gives a searing performance in the lead role, her grief overwhelming her to the point where she physically wears it on her body.
I long for the days when Almodovar created movies that made me dizzy. He may still surprise us, but in the meantime, I'll settle for a mid-level offering like Julieta.
The end result is an unquestionably above-average effort from an often exasperatingly uneven filmmaker...
Through it all, and certainly with their writer/director's guidance, Suarez and the equally marvelous Adriana Jugarte (as the younger Julieta) suggest leading ladies that even the great Hitchcock would embrace.
Touching, heartbreaking and beautiful.
Almodóvar has created fuller, more satisfying portrayals of women's lives in other films, but here he still finds emotional power in the quiet moments.
However one might label Julieta, it's an affecting film, guided by a filmmaker who refuses to settle for the obvious.
Even lesser Almodovar is better than most, especially with so many cohorts leaving all these great female characters for him to explore.
Almodóvar makes a game effort to replicate Munro's complex, nonchronological storytelling, though the three tales don't hang together as well as one might hope.
There is perhaps less here than meets the eye - this is second-drawer Almodovar - but in Suarez's performance as the mature Julieta, the director has an ideal vessel for expressing parental pain and loss.
Julieta is a tedious melodrama taken from three short stories by the writer Alice Munro.
The 1980s passages are the brightest and boldest (shot by Isabel Coixet's cinematographer Jean-Claude Larrieu) filled with gentle hope and boundless potential. But secrets, as always, sear.
Slow moving but rich in character, Julieta offers generous rewards for those willing to give it the time needed.
Julieta is superb, and to say any more could potentially ruin any number of its more intimate surprises.
Fortunately, the uniformly strong performances make it work.
Straightforward and yet emotionally complex, the film is Almodóvar's most sobering work to date, a mystery about a daughter's abandonment of her mother without explanation.
"Julieta" is a paean to longing, regret and the often painful experience of being human.
"Julieta" is filled with Almodóvar's usual attention to vivid color (a turquoise turtleneck worn by young Julieta seems to add notes to the film's moody musical score), and to the ways women talk to each other.
The stylistic amalgam is remarkable: a bold, painterly camera and a Nobel Prize-winning writer's ideas come together in a melodrama about the unspoken.
A film that has a gentle nerve, a soft elegance that leads to pain and loss during the sad life of its heroine. [Full review in Spanish]
An immersive mother-daughter story that vividly explores emotional literacy.
Julieta is more muted than Almodovar's best work but it boasts stunning performances, a complex narrative structure, and opulent emotions.
Perhaps it doesn't equal Almodovar's best films, but compared to trifle like his last, 'I'm So Excited,' it represents a definite return to form.
Spanish director Pedro Almodovar adapts three stories by Nobel Prize-winning writer Alice Munro; though his sensibilities are quite different from her style, the result is surprisingly satisfying.
Pedro Almodóvar's latest isn't his strongest, but his vibrant, vivid world of women is always a great place to be.
Tragedy has transformed Julieta, and because she is a woman, and because beauty informs so much of the female experience...and because Almodovar is obsessed with beauty... Julieta ranks right up there with Almodovar's best.
It's short, bittersweet and to the point. And it's Almodovar, a filmmaker who even at his slightest, is never less than fascinating.
Another mysterious reverie on motherhood from auteur of All About My Mother.
There are hard-learned lessons in Julieta, and they all amount to the need for empathy.
It's not insulting to highlight a female character's sexuality in her narrative, but the way Almodóvar does it feels tacky and objectifying.
Julieta's color is phenomenal.
The moral of the story is clear: watch out for morals. They corrode the aforementioned generosity and understanding, leaving us lonely and bereft.
It's no surprise that "Julieta" is marvelous to look at, but it possesses just as much substance as style.
While visually attractive and emotionally rich, the movie is also a rambling walk to an open-ended finale that fizzles out.
The director of films like "Talk to Me," "Volver," "Tie Me Up! Tie Me Down!" and "All About My Mother" has made a movie a bit more reserved, but still richly satisfying.
When the effusive Pedro Almodóvar adapts the minimalist Alice Munro, he reveals the passions seething under the bleakness of the latter's monotone mid-Canada.
With "Julieta," Almodóvar puts one central mystery front and center, but in solving it, provides answers to questions we may not even knew we had.
The cast's two Julietas both excel as their character's pre- and post-tragedy selves, who switch place mid-scene in a cinematic magic trick that affirms Almodovar's status as a master.
Julieta may not be one of Almodóvar's best efforts but it is still quite good, and that's no insult. It's a haunting story that's well worth seeing
What buoys the film from being a drag is this Spanish filmmaker's witty flourishes of red. Almodóvar uses the color to indicate the presence of blood as it moves through the confines of the human heart.
Julieta is a deeply satisfying, down-to-earth tale of grief and quiet rediscovery.
Grab hold of it -- the movie, but of course the elusive experience of existence itself as well -- before it evaporates.
There's not a scene in this film in which there is not both something to see and an acting moment to savor, as well as some nuance or implication or suggestion to ponder.
Sliding between past and present, Almodóvar drip-feeds revelations to hook viewers while crafting an affecting study of lost, grief and guilt. And the actresses, as ever in a Pedro joint, are terrific.
It's one of Almodóvar's most frustrating films. But for all these reasons, it's also one of my favorites of his entire career.
Despite its flaws and compromises, though, there are enough intriguing elements to make a second engagement with Almodóvar's latest a fairly appealing prospect.
After a while, past and present create an alluring and sorrowful continuum.
Julieta is an enthralling meditation on the mechanics of memory and grief that will delight the sort of person who uses "Almodóvarian" as an adjective.
Typically gorgeous work from the helmer.
... a modest yet compelling look at fractured families and unresolved hostility.
Suárez and Ugarte both do remarkable work in the midst of another complex, unblinking character study told in the language of classic movies and playing out in the sort of striking colors usually found only in dreams.
Almodovar has little time to develop these characters' emotional ties because there is so much clutter in his plot, a soap opera full of improbable coincidences, premature deaths and sad declines.
If Julieta lacks the high spirits we love in Almodóvar's work, it also finds this great director, now 67, in an impressive new autumnal mode, reflecting beautifully on loneliness and loss.
...unfolds with a Hitchcockian sense of mystery and Almodovar's usual bursts of color.
Munro writes stark prose in blues and greys; Almodovar pumps up the volume with breathy dialogue, bathing his beleaguered women in brilliant vermilions and electric blues.
Themes of loss, regret and alienation emerge and are respectfully considered, with fine acting but not always the conviction one would expect from both Almodóvar and his characters.
A film of such quietly assured mastery that it reminds you American cinema today has virtually no one comparable to Almodóvar.
This sort of stunning classicism and bristling pace has come to signify Almodóvar's later work.
Almodóvar's admiration for the Alice Munro short stories he is adapting is not misplaced. Despite rough patches, Julieta morphs into a haunting and hypnotic tribute to both their talents.
Of all the plot twists that Julieta ventures and mostly pulls off, the best one is holding out the possibility -- the honest, though far from assured possibility -- of a happy ending.
"Julieta" is scrupulous, compassionate and surprising, even if it does not always quite communicate the full gravity and sweep of the feelings it engages.
The results are a bit on the self-help therapy side of things, but it's uncommonly insightful about how relationships, even those forged by blood, are like an addiction.
It's one thing for the director to want to try something new. But this feels as if he isn't trying, period.
[P]art Sirkian melodrama, part Hitchcock-lite [...] a career high for Spanish maestro Pedro Almodóvar.
The tale of a matriarch trying to explain to her long-lost daughter how she was conceived and why a chasm grew between them, "Julieta" weaves together sex, intrigue and regret with typical Almodovar-ian flair.
A sad tale of loneliness.
Pedro Almodovar once again demonstrates his talent for highlighting the complexity and beauty of women.
Perhaps those who find his former work puzzling will find this more straightforward storytelling more congenial. But somehow something is lost. The panache is not quite there, so a pleasant film just misses the mark of so, etching exceptional.
A film of an undeniable beauty. Definitely the best film that Almodovar has done in five years. [Full review in Spanish]
Almodóvar-whose penchant for narrative complexity grows ever deeper-latches on to the idea of personal history as a puzzle that refuses to be solved.
Divining the bond between mothers and daughters, which in his movies can be broken but never banished, Almodovar is renewed.
Julieta is heartfelt throughout, but the dry manner in which the story unfolds renders it forgettable, especially compared to Almódovar's previous movies.
While there's little about Julieta that challenges its director or will surprise his fans, it still offers an evocative example of a craftsman doing what he does well.
Warm, tender, mysterious, beautifully shot, scored and scripted...
This is a restrained, mature work from Almodovar that compliments the Hitchcock-like mystery as it unravels slowly before us.
Julieta is for admirers of Almodóvar and for those who enjoy a mystery fuelled by the darker elements of human nature.
As seen in his other films, Almodovar captures the essence of his characters by choosing stunning and talented actors to portray them. In this instance, we have two sensational examples with Emma Suárez and Adriana Ugarte.
Julieta is by no means a complex character, but she possesses an earthy humanity that is compelling.
The best kind of movie from an old(er) master, one that resonates with the storytelling powers they've accumulated over time, yet reveals that they still have the capacity to surprise us.
Pedro Almodovar seduces his audience from the opening credits of this fertile Spanish melodrama about love, loss and reinvention.
Julieta is a departure for the great Pedro Almodovar. There's not a laugh in it. Instead, there is an engrossing story about a mother's fractured relationship with her daughter.
It's his best, most mature and least deliberately (even irksomely) 'camp' effort in years.
...bold and elegant...
Pedro Almodovar seduces his audience from the opening credits of this fertile Spanish melodrama about love, loss and reinvention.
Julieta is a reminder that even great directors make bad movies
Like an Agatha Christie mystery, it conforms to the brand, but in some ways it loses its power as a result
This feels like austerity Almodóvar: pared down but no less powerful for it.
Julieta may not be Almodovar's finest film, but it's still a terrific movie.
It's great to see Almodóvar return to the women-centred films that brought him international success and to witness his aplomb for creating colourful movies. However, one can't help but wish the film was as bold narratively as its visuals.
Julieta is a timeless and mature examination of femininity and guilt that marks a return to form for director Pedro Almodóvar.
The melodramatic tone of Julieta is engrossing and admittedly enjoyable but the film seems to come apart in its exploration of the tumultuous relationship between a grieving mother and her lost daughter, Antía.
Pedro Almodóvar's object-oriented approach ends up blocking off the deeper emotional access that Alice Munro's stories so effortlessly attain.
Iconic Spanish filmmaker Pedro Almodovar is back with another powerfully complex female-centred drama, along the lines of Volver or All About My Mother.
A very elegant film that shows Almodovar's master techniques on staging. [Full review in Spanish]
Ehe film packs an emotional charge even if it ends too abruptly. And, deeply saturated with colour -- typical of the auteur -- it's very beautiful.
Call it All About Her Daughter if you like, but this tale of a mother and her fractured relationship with her offspring is up there with Almodóvar's best.
Almodóvar in plain-Jane mode is rather like any other director dressing up for the prom - he couldn't shoot a boring image if he tried.
You'd have every right to once more start thinking of Almodóvar as a master - that most masculine of laurels - were he not in such obvious, regular and rewarding correspondence with his feminine side.
[Almodovar's] film is both melodrama and meditation, his two leading ladies rise to the task brilliantly, and the director unfolds his sometimes unlikely tale with the ease and skill of a master.
At the epicentre of the superb cast is Adriana Ugarte in the role of the younger Julieta. It is in her that the film finds a striking, unshakable keystone.
An intriguing exploration of the complicated ways in which guilt and grief overlap, defying the expected outcome, but in way that feels more satisfying in the long term.
Though it isn't vintage Pedro Almodóvar by any stretch, this sumptuous saga of love, loss, grief and guilt features enough touchstones to the unconventional Spanish director's previous repertoire to please his loyal cult.
If you have enjoyed Almodóvar classics such as All About My Mother or Volver then Julieta needs to go on your autumn must-see list.
A ponderous and rather oppressive portrait of a mother tortured by grief and guilt.
There is a Bergmanesque quality to Almodóvar's focus on Suárez's face in Julieta which speaks volumes about his journey from enfant terrible to elder statesman.
Like most of Almodóvar's films, it looks extraordinarily stylish, almost hallucinogenically so.
After a detour into high camp comedy with I'm So Excited!, Pedro Almodovar elegantly returns to his natural habitat: moody melodrama centred around notions of yearning, memory and loss and populated by strong female characters.
A melancholy tapestry of love, passing years, unresolved guilt, family tension and deaths.
Pedro Almodovar's magnificent new film Julieta is a swirling family melodrama, full of reversals, flashbacks, and jarring plot twists.
Returning to the female-centric style with which he made his name, Almodovar demonstrates he's a film-maker who retains a master's touch.
A slick, stylish melodrama with an involving story and a cracking cast. Star Adriana Ugarte is a real find.
Suffice to say that this is Almodóvar at the top of his game and Julieta must surely rank alongside the aforementioned works of genius.
The film's signature colour is red, which pulses on the screen like a hazard light... It's the colour of everything in this heartbreaking but hopeful film: rage, blood, heat, passion, danger, love.
Almodvar's most sombre to date -it is to airline farce I'm So Excited! as Interiors was to Woody Allen's Bananas.
Almodóvar back to his very best.
A deeply moving, personal and superbly acted endeavour which plays out with the suspense and all-or-nothing stakes of a muted thriller.
Almodóvar is back in the genre he does best. [Full review in Spanish]
Almodóvar is back! [Full review in Spanish]
In spite of excellent performances by the three main cast members -- Emma Suarez, Adriana Ugarte and Daniel Grao -- you may find your mind wandering.
We're thankful that Almodóvar has returned to what he does best: family dramas. [Full review in Spanish]
Pedro Almodóvar returns to the formula that made him a legend. [Full review in Spanish]
Almodóvar returns to classic melodrama, women's perspectives and mother/daughter relations, which is where he feels best. [Full review in Spanish]
One of the best Almódovar films yet. [Full review in Spanish]
A film without ambition and a complete departure from the usual provocations in Almodóvar's films. [Full review in Spanish]
Few times has a film so silent been so scandalous. [Full review in Spanish]
Almodóvar's style is there, but something is missing. [Full review in Spanish]
Adriana Ugarte and Emma Suárez are the only spark of life in this dull film. [Full review in Spanish]
A forgettable blunder from an Almodóvar on autopilot. [Full review in Portuguese.]
It's a pleasure to see a film in which every little detail, every element is meaningful. [Full review in Spanish]
This romantic melodrama might not be the best Almodovar film, but it still stands above many other films in the genre. [Full review in Spanish]
A drama about mothers that comes from deep inside the author, in the most delicate and sensible way. [Full review in Spanish]
The perfect deconstruction of the melodrama film. [Full review in Spanish]
Almodóvar is back doing what he does best: well-written, complex stories that explore the soul of women, intimate art direction, great performances, and Alberto Iglesias' powerful music. [Full review in Spanish]
Julieta is a harrowing examination of broken maternity and ever-present mortality, suggesting only those who have known such loss can grasp it.
Almodóvar moves the story along at a fair clip and the performances - especially of Suárez and Ugarte - make the characters real enough for us to care.
An average work whose only highlight is the writer's name. [Full review in Spanish]
A surprisingly flat offering from Spain's most vibrant auteur.
A sombre, ravishing study of grief, guilt and burden.
Almodóvar has directed what's basically a melodrama as if it were a thriller-a fascinating experiment that doesn't always work as intended, but creates a useful dissonance en route to a powerfully open-ended conclusion.
The way Almodóvar stages everything is too static and minimalist. [Full review in Spanish]
Elegant and seamless. The film's intrigue grows with each frame.
There is no vitality in the story or the images on screen. Everything is explained through dialogue and the end result is, at best, decent. [Full review in Spanish]
Probably the most conventional film made by Almodóvar, but one thing is certain: he knows how to approach female figures in cinema. [Full review in Spanish]
It's like an unexpectedly dry martini in a dazzling Z-stem glass.
Both a film noir and a candy-colored confection, Pedro Almodóvar's Julieta is one of the most absorbing films he's made in years.
It is a rare modern film that leaves you wanting more, and one that will almost certainly repay a second viewing.
Almodovar has toned down the melodrama and ditched the nonsense to create a mature and restrained movie.
Not one of the best films in Almodóvar's filmography, but it's a welcomed attempt to go back to the escential emotions shown in his first films. [Full revew in Spanish]
A risky film that feels like a departure from what Almodóvar is. [Full review in Spanish]
Riffing on Spanish telenovelas, Hitchcock, and film noir, Almodóvar and his production team have put together slight, but undeniably gorgeous entertainment.
For Almodóvar, the film represents a holding pattern similar to the ones that his characters can't escape from.
[W]ith the wick turned down on his Almodóvarian fire, the great Spanish director may get fewer sparks flying, but the embers still glow and can occasionally burn.
This is not as richly compelling as other Almodóvar films, but it's a fluent and engaging work.
Those who dare, will find in Julieta the best of Almodovar. [Full review in Spanish]
There aren't any believable characters. [Full review in Spanish]
A film that sadly doesn't work completely and isn't Almodovar's big return. [Full review in Spanish]
Some might even feel the whole exercise resembles a hodge-podge of tricks, tropes and name drops recycled from Almodovar's back catalogue, lacking in either freshness or passion.
This is classic Almodovar, at home in Madrid for the most part, throwing vibrant colour on the screen in silky reds, blues and greens.
Even when working in earnest, Almodovar can't hold back his own gaudiness, which threatens to overwhelm Julieta's emotions at all times, just as the loud paintings, posters and wallpaper frequently eclipse the foreground action.
Almodóvar's most literary film, the most contained and subtle. [Full review in Spanish]
An interesting film where Emma Suárez and Adriana Ugarte give standout performances that shine on their own. [Full review in Spanish]
A film that's never conventional or predictable. [Full review in Spanish]

@highlight

Julieta finds writer-director Pedro Almodóvar revisiting familiar themes -- and doing so with his signature skill.