Mike Binder, a director of TV-sized smarm, continues to dismantle his own best effects
Reign Over Me is like spending two hours with a shrink. Self-absorbed and repetitive, it has an occasional moment of truth, and a lot of hot air.
A personal drama made accessible by Binder's unusual touch.
It's a gripping and very sad glimpse at grief and it's lasting effects on us when we truly lose something we cherish...
The main problem is Reign Over Me always skirts around the issue instead of tackling it head on. Depression and loss are hell, and hopefully friends can be there to bring you out of it.
Like the characters populating it, this film leaves us with a sense that something is missing, but it's still smart, compelling, offbeat, and worth seeing.
Pretty much a run-of-the-mill carbon copy of Rain Man.
Has its heart in the right place, and its message that everyone should be able to grieve in their own time is admirable, but Mr. Binder doesn't have enough to say to sustain the film's running time.
Performances by Sandler and Cheadle give the film enough of what it needs in order to recommend it.
This is a rather glossy confection, extremely well performed, in which everyone's problems are perfectly resolved.
This film manages to be not just bearable, but on occasion actually quite affecting.
Without Sandler, Reign Over Me would be a gloopy, post-9/11 love-in, making cavalier use of a fine but helpless cast.
It's as if 9/11 was simply coopted to bring an extra weight to a script that couldn't be trusted to deliver on its own.
A self-indulgent addition to American cinema's post-9/11 cinema, Reign Over Me sees Sandler over-reaching himself in a straight-faced role.
Cheadle's finest hour and proof that Sandler can act. Funny, sad and flawed - like its characters.
Has a good heart, and does some things very well, but may bore passive audiences
Emotionally engaging, superbly acted drama with a terrific script and impressive direction from writer-director Mike Binder.
Director Mike Binder has twigged on to the fact that if you root Sandler's genially churlish moron act into a more sober foundation, a vulnerable, believable and even lovable character can begin to emerge.
Worth anyone's time.
Successful until the rusty workings of its story gears start to show.
Builds up a nice head of steam...as a warm and quirky comedy of men trying to be men in a post-feminist world...also succumbs to niggling artificialities that drain the story of credibility and genuine heft.
Reign Over Me has some awkward stretches and comedy asides that don't always work, but the core story is touching ...
Cheadle provides the movie with a sturdy center around which Sandler can orbit with his character's many moods.
To enjoy this movie, you have to look past the small difficulties and inconsistencies (and gender stereotyping) in character and story, soak in the images and the music, and focus on the delicate and interesting friendship between the two main characters.
Reign Over Me surrounds its weighty subject with so much contrived nonsense that after a while the film feels like an affront to real suffering.
It feels a little undisciplined at times ... but it's bracingly provocative.
Reign Over Me is an emotional film with clear messages about none of us having perfect lives. Sometimes it's a close friendship that provides the life jacket to keep us afloat.
Long after I've forgotten this film -- starting with the stalker chick -- I'll remember the music and what it was trying to communicate when the rest of the film had its headphones on.
Even as it probes the difficulties of coping with loss and showcases Cheadle's remarkable capacity for compelling understatement, the movie also grants Sandler too much time to perform his seriosity in close-up.
There's a sympathetic therapist, the inevitable crack-up, and the requisite feel-good ending. It's like Fisher King 2: The Edge of Reason.
Mark Binder greases the wheels of the Sandler/Cheadle on-screen magic with snappy, smart dialogue and expert direction.
The friendly spark between them helps smooth over some of the potential pitfalls of Mike Binder's script.
One of those movies that keeps screaming "I'm a message movie!"
a bit pie-in-the-sky, but I must admit that this simple story of male friendship got to me.
Ultimately not a lot more than a sometimes engaging buddy/odd couple picture with important themes and some dime-store psychiatry poured over it in a generous serving.
Binder's strength is in connecting characters to the world and then connecting them to each other.
This is a film you must see, a profound and deeply affecting experience that will stay with you long after its over.
A meanspirited mood piece which begs to be appreciated as a meditation on the psyche of post-9/11 America but resorts far too frequently to stock Sandler humor to be of any more consequence than The Waterboy, Happy Gilmore or even Billy Madison.
The film is slick when it needs to be raw, tidy when it needs to sprawl, and amorphous when it needs to focus.
Regardless of [its] faults, the core of Reign Over Me, the friendship between Charlie and Alan, remains strong.
The script bares its teeth in the most unexpected of moments.
Adam Sandler's best movie ever...but that's not saying much.
A testament to the therapeutic power of friendship, 'Reign Over Me' tempers extreme pain with humor and in a measured yet lively manner.
Sandler does a good job but the story is awful.
If only [they] had resisted the urge to make a condescending and sentimental romantic pairing at the end of their movie, "Reign Over Me" may have been just about perfect.
For all its flaws, Reign Over Me is still surprisingly affecting.
Binder's insistence on pitching everything at the level of either sitcom shenanigans or movie-of-the-week weepiness compromises any significance the subject matter might have.
Despite the presence of two big stars, Reign Over Me has the feel of an indie film. It introduces characters and a concept, then assumes you will be able to read between the lines thematically.
This is not a simple, uplifting tale. It's never clear whether Charlie will fully recover, and that sense of realism is the film's strength.
As overstuffed as a twice-baked potato.
There's a love for psychotherapy in this movie... but I don't buy the theory that therapy necessarily makes us better. If you don't believe me, look at Woody Allen.
An engrossing and well-acted film about two men who find a way to help each other and demonstrate the rewards of friendship.
At the very least, it puts a whole new spin on Billy Madison.
There's something creepy about peddling such ideas without thinking through their moral or intellectual downside.
Reign Over Me isn't nearly as arresting as it should be given its powerful subject matter.
Any extraneous elements seem to fall away as we gain greater insight into Charlie's devastation. At this point, it's not a matter of whether the viewer will cry, but how much.
A subtle and substantial film and is elevated further by the lead performances, as well as the first-class support of Jada Pinkett Smith, Liv Tyler, Saffron Burrows and Donald Sutherland.
There's a poignant story here, but to tell it well Binder needed to dig deep. Instead, he skates along the surface, and Charlie's story never comes completely alive.
You wish the movie had ended sooner, and better. Still, it's hard not to be moved by Cheadle's performance here as a man determined to help lost-soul Fineman, if only because no one else can or will.
Reign Over Me has moments of truth, but also a lot of self-indulgent hooey.
There are lots of things in the script that ring false, but the acting is honest, witty and soulful. Sandler's performance is perfectly believable while the weak link, surprisingly enough, is the writing.
Mike Binder's oddball film keeps retreating into fantasy -- as if to avoid precisely the kind of issues that have kept the studios from confronting the legacy of 9/11.
Cheadle is good, as always, but Sandler's portrayal of a guy on the perennial brink of a psychotic breakdown is amazing.
Cheadle and Sandler are not names I would have expected to hear together as an effective buddy-picture pairing, but they work.
A heartfelt but overly schematic movie that, in its attempt to explore the true cost of living one's life in denial, ends up superficial and banal.
Movies about male friendship are often trivialized with the 'buddy' tag, but this one resonates beyond that.
Reign Over Me unfolds with a naturalness that emphasizes uncertainty while maintaining the conviction that one can get through the worst by taking comfort in friends and finding connection with family.
Cheadle handles this inner turmoil with quiet subtlety, seeming at times to be as much a calming influence on Sandler's acting as his character is on Charlie's behaviour.
It's a tough ride, but worth it.
Reign Over Me drizzles down on us for two full hours, persistently determined to prove that, if it hangs around long enough, a coherent movie will turn up. No such luck.
Director-writer and former Detroiter Mike Binder (The Upside of Anger) has always had a great movie in him, and it bursts out, emotionally, dramatically, sometimes sloppily yet always honestly, in Reign Over Me.
The movie often feels as if it's drifting, yet it has a sad, lingering presence.
A sentimental journey of solitude and friendship.
When Reign Over Me misfires, it careens out of control.
Mike Binder, whose previous work (The Upside of Anger) suggested the possibility of great things, fully arrives with this delicately observed and emotionally expansive drama.
Reign Over Me quietly says that we're our problem friends' keepers. At its worst, the movie is a problem friend.
A slow and meandering movie that has its moments. It's a frustrating film, since it has so much potential, but it ends up working only in fits and spurts.
In fact, [Sandler's] so good here he's Oscar-worthy, and if there were ever two words I never thought I'd utter in connection to the actor those were probably the ones.
Sandler's role is shameless Rain Man-style Oscar bait...but it's Cheadle who does the real acting....
Well-meaning but hugely awkward.
Maybe Reign Over Me can serve as a reminder that the only way to deal with 9/11 is to actually deal with it instead of shifting the focus to elements that obviously have nothing to do with it.
Sandler gives his best performance yet (at least my favorite) by creating a very real person who's screwed up%u2014but realistically and sympathetically screwed up.
This sometimes rough ride of a story surprises with Sandler's often striking intensity, when not straying too far into dramatic overkill.
Sandler is one monotone note here: dead-eyed hollowness standing in for grief...
Twelve big thumbs up for reversing the race of the roles, as we'd generally see a black actor playing the weird, homeless-looking, potentially dangerous "mystical negro" who helps Whitey figure out his life.
...[Charlie's] a genuinely sad, shattered man, another fallout boy in the city, Bobby Boucher grown up and hollowed out, splattered all over Manhattan.
Binder's plot doesn't have much in common with 'Quadrophenia,' but he takes his audience on a journey that is just as exhausting. ...nearly everyone in the film makes a strong impression...
Reign Over Me uses the rhythms and moods of comedy to explore, and also to contain, overpowering feelings of loss.
Reign Over Me is a good "Friend Flick".
What these men need is a shot of Adult Contemporary Movie perspective.
Treacly, misguided, and miscast.
While it isn't a shock to see Adam Sandler reach deep within himself to deliver an emotionally devastating performance in Reign Over Me, it's hard to watch the film fail to follow his impressive lead.
The core of Reign Over Me, the men's colliding stories, is very strong.
A movie straining for profundity and occasionally reaching some emotional truths.
Always feels like it's TRYING to be a Meaningful Film, rather than just BEING one. It wears its earnestness on its sleeve, hoping you'll notice.
Do the ghosts of fart jokes, high-pitched voices and biting his lip while slummin' with Chris Farley on "SNL" still linger for Sandler? Nope.
Mike Binder is the master of missed opportunities. He nearly makes this movie work, until his bad habits leak in and pollute it.
Most people know Adam Sandler as a doofus clown, but surprise! He's damn good, and you'll never look at him the same way again.
Fine performances by Don Cheadle and Adam Sandler sometimes make up for the slow pace, dry tone and erratic nature of the film.
about as artificial as it gets
Reign Over Me is a very gentle picture, intended to soothe us, not to jolt or shock us. But it's so gentle that it lacks any discernible energy.
This is not a simple picture. It's serious, disarmingly funny at times and certainly ambitious, yet diminished by some of the traits that have made the standard Sandler characters so popular.
The cast could hardly be any better and, for a guy-buddy movie, it's packed with memorable female supporting performances by Jada Pinkett Smith, Liv Tyler, Melinda Dillon, Paula Newsome and especially Saffron Burrows.
Reign is a triumph for Cheadle and Sandler, whose performances strew the seeds of regeneration.
There's no quick label for the kind of assured, humane films that writer-director Mike Binder makes.
While Sandler's performance is surprisingly subdued and in keeping with the tone of the film, the real star is underappreciated character actor Don Cheadle, whose forceful performance forces Sandler to bring his A-game.
Because [Sandler's] inaccessible character feels more like a writer's pawn than a real person, the frequent outbursts and climactic catharsis lack emotional punch.
Although all the talk is about Sandler's performance, Cheadle's is every bit as good. He has a much tougher job, playing straight man to Sandler's semicraziness.
The story begins to creak badly in the last act, but both Cheadle and Sandler are funny and poignant throughout.
This sometimes touching drama has its funny moments, but it's a rare opportunity to see Sandler in a serious role.
When Binder isn't stuck on message, the picture has a breezy, inconsequential charm. But in at least two unforgivably manipulative scenes the movie asks us for feelings that it has not yet earned.
It was a smart move, pulling Reign Over Me from last fall's release schedule. Perhaps the world just isn't ready for an Adam Sandler Oscar nomination.
Reign Over Me has the good sense not to claim that everything's going to be OK. It simply recognizes that there's still hope.
Resourcefully edgy and profound in its moody heartstrings, Reign hovers over us like a bad hangover that can never be shaken.
Sandler tries to please his existing fan base while also stretching himself to new and unexplored lengths. If you hear something snap, please inform the theater management.
A manipulative male-bonding dramedy that's hobbled by the questionable casting of Adam Sandler in a pivotal role and use of a national tragedy to give it emotional resonance.
A lot isn't immediately clear in Reign Over Me, and that's what pulls us in.
It's all padded, contrived, gummy with sympathy given or denied.
Sandler is uneven, but Reign Over Me is affecting in its own right.
It's better than you'd expect but not as good as you'd like it to be.
Far from a bad film but not quite a good one, Reign Over Me is a partly successful attempt to make a 9/11 movie that's not a 9/11 movie.
Reign Over Me is disjointed and needlessly sentimental, though its whole often compensates for its sketchy parts.
Reign Over Me is, among other things, a bracing demonstration that you can never judge a film by its premise.
As Charlie Fineman, a Manhattan dentist who lost his wife and two children when their jet crashed into the World Trade Center on 9/11, Sandler is stuck in a movie that won't come unstuck.
Binder has set a difficult bar -- to make a funny, sad, original movie about the healing power of not necessarily healing -- and he just manages to clear it.
Binder delivers a quiet, pensive drama that embraces its nuances while giving the two leading men plenty of chances to embrace their characters' dysfunction.
It should finally lay to rest the question of whether or not Adam Sandler is to be taken seriously. I mean, Seriously.
A film about hard subjects that takes the easy way out of every one of them.
Sandler is remarkable, expertly using the vacancy that defines his dumb-and-dumber comedies as a way to convey Charlie's netherworld.
It's not quite Nick Nolte and Eddie Murphy walking into a bar, but it's a mind-bending hybrid nonetheless.
Reign Over Me has the best of intentions but, despite its desire to show how the perseverance of a good man can produce profound results, its bungles the attempt.
Tackles issues of tragic loss, survivor's guilt, and psychological defense mechanisms with disarming sincerity.
Binder fumbles in telling a complex dramatic story by adopting formulaic comedic devices. The result is a film that is disjointed, unconvincing and incomplete.
...honest enough not to deliver that climactic, 'breakthrough' moment.
Not all dentists are dorks after all.
The story slips into your soft crevices where sympathy and emotion lie.
Cheadle and Sandler bust each other's chops, share video-game controllers in a preset ritual and trade glances and phrases that hint at inside jokes developed in the study sessions, bar benders and spontaneous road trips of youth.
A strange, black-and-blue therapeutic drama equally mottled with likable good intentions and agitating clumsiness.
Although muddled and inconsistent, especially toward the end, Reign Over Me succeeds with its portrayal of friendship in hard times.
Sandler proves he can stretch beyond his more typical comedic range, but his role is contained in an ambitious but wobbly executed serio-comedy that feels more like a disjointed collection of ideas and moods than a wholly heartbreaking tale of friendship
The good news is that this is one-half of a terrific film. The bad news is that Adam Sandler is in the other half.
Adam Sandler and Don Cheadle head a strong cast in this affecting drama of friendship and regeneration.
You certainly have to appreciate that Sandler wants to stretch in such a fashion, but you also want material that allows him to do so more convincingly.
Reign Over Me closes with, at best, a cautious hope, leaving us more anxious than when we went in, and throughout the film there is a stunned and bewildered air hanging over the city, like a heavy smog.
The unlikely alliance at the center of it all is dark, edgy and saturated with history and sentiment.
Bring a tissue; the emotional territory is profound, as are the two central performances with Adam Sander as a man lost in grief and denial and Don Cheadle, a man surrounded by success but who has lost a sense of himself.
[A] deeply heartfelt film.






@highlight

Reign Over Me is a charming, affecting tale of friendship and loss, with solid performances from Adam Sandler as a broken, grief-stricken man and Don Cheadle as his old friend and savior.