It may be gimmicky and nasty, but it's also an enjoyable freak-out.
...a disappointing misfire.
Though occasionally unsurprising, it joins Krampus and Rare Exports: A Christmas Tale as a strong alternative to the regular holiday viewing because of the nasty genre thrills it delivers whilst being wickedly funny.
In Better Watch Out, [director Chris] Peckover has succeeded in creating a truly chilling horror which, I hope, will generate plenty of talk this Christmas.
If Better Watch Out was a Yuletide beverage, it'd be spiked eggnog: you think you know what you're getting, but after a couple of sips it turns out to be something very different.
... Better Watch Out is a delightfully nasty seasonal inversion, replete with carollers, decorations, themed jumpers and booze.
An interesting take on the home invasion model it's well acted, tongue in cheek, often funny and although not terrifying provides a few jumps and more than the average number of surprises.
Clever, mean-spirited, gleefully unpleasant, Better Watch Out is an efficiently nasty Yuletide comic horror that operates as a sort of anti Home Alone.
Once everything's been unwrapped, Chris Peckover's film isn't the greatest movie anyone could wish for, but it's bright and vicious enough to please the audience to which it's proffered.
The clever Better Watch Out finds a fresh way to add some unwholesome fun to the holiday season.
A Yule-themed comedy horror that is neither funny, nor particularly horrifying, Better Watch Out feels like a malicious spin on Home Alone.
Better Watch Out, directed and co-written by Chris Peckover, is a clever horror film that gets cleverer
An ingenious and efficient black-comic shocker unfolding in real time over one seasonal evening in a prosperous American home.
The idea is interesting, but the execution is too tacky to make it fly.
... an exploitative, silly and thoroughly unpleasant affair, with a premise that defies credibility.
A Christmas horror-comedy - and one of the best since Gremlins.
This is an appropriately mean-spirited, reasonably original, horror movie that's lacking one major thing: gore.
A Christmas cult classic is born: and it's going straight to Santa's naughty list.
The young cast are all great, particularly Miller, coming off the disastrous Pan a few years ago. Hidden behind a squeaky voice and skinny jeans, Miller finds a balance of childlike innocence and balances it with a dash of privilege.
While the film is more cartoonish than psychologically believable, it's willing to go to some genuinely uncomfortable places.
Working within a heavily codified structure, [Peckover has] found a way to keep it fresh and exciting.
Every detail in this film has been beautifully realised, giving it a timeless quality that's likely to make it a seasonal favourite to rival Die Hard. It's one Christmas treat you can look forward to whether you've been naughty or nice.
...[for] a good jolt and moderate comedy-gore, this is well worth catching.
The best twist on the 'home invasion' thriller that the sub-genre has seen in a while.
Blessedly short, but it remains memorable, delivering a punchy cinematic experience and a holiday rug burn for those who felt "Home Alone" played it too safe.
A ho-ho-home invasion yarn which deliciously subverts the genre, this Yuletide horror is an impressive piece of work, bolstered by some memorable performances and a truly unique mid-point twist.
Violence, language, drinking in snarky, twisty thriller.
Starts out as one kind of unpleasant, then switches gears to a higher level of unearned nastiness.
[Better Watch Out] is a silly-to-serious film that's sure to enter the canon of Christmas movies for people who prefer a bit of arsenic laced into Santa's cookies.
If you want to gift yourself a holiday film that decks the halls with blood, this is one to put under the tree.
The twists and turns of the plot, the occasional "jump out at you" moments and a story that is like a demented "Home Alone," make for a solid horror/humor package for the fans.
Not only does Better Watch Out defy expectations, but it surpasses them.
A consistently surprising and unusually well-acted thriller, which says pertinent things about suburbia, holiday entertainment and toxic masculinity.
It's scary and fun, if your idea of fun involves occasional gore and torture, things like that. Plus: Christmas decorations!
Olivia DeJonge carries the film on her shoulders, even in sock feet. She's asked to act the film's most emotional sequences with duct tape over her mouth!
Chris Peckover's Christmas horror comedy is a deft melding of "Scream" and "Home Alone" that takes a surprisingly nasty turn in its last act...he really excels in his direction of his young cast
Just another depressing, nihilistic horror flick.
Both the screenplay and the editing maintain the intricate plate-spinning required to go back and forth between laughs and screams, all the while imperceptibly boosting the tension as the night progresses.
Better Watch Out plays the audience at their own game. It pleasures and punishes them for trying to pre-guess its gifts. It is deeply unnerving and adorably sinister.
Basically, if you're looking for Home Alone with a bit of a darkened edge to it, Better Watch Out will have you decking all your horror-fied halls later this year.
a tensely un-merry Christmas, painted in yellow and red, that impishly plays upon the audience's most naturally ingrained sympathies. It is also darkly funny from the get-go.
The overall structure and final surprise may be commendable on an intellectual level, but not an emotional one.
Avoid spoilers, avoid trailers, and go in to "Better Watch Out" completely blind. You'll thank me later.
The innocence of Home Alone meets jingle bell schlock, and while Zack Kahn's story isn't wholly unpredictable, what plays out still subverts typical babysitter-in-peril tropes (enough).
Seems destined to become one of those Yuletide perennials for people who like their holiday-themed entertainment as perversely un-wholesome as possible.
Best described as Home Alone meets Michael Haneke's Funny Games, the sadistic horror comedy Safe Neighborhood is the kind of film that's tough to categorize but easy to enjoy.
[Miller] is, in key moments, mesmerising to watch.
You might think you're in for an icky, misogynist torture porn, and momentarily wish to leave the theater. (I did.) But stick it out, because the film will continue to defy your expectations.
Safe Neighborhood is a rarity that pairs immense entertainment with dark, vicious thrills.
The reason why I'm nervous to talk too much about it is because one of the movie's biggest strengths is having the audience constantly wondering where the line is drawn, and wondering what each character is capable of.
This is no cheap bait-and-switch, but a careful rebalancing between real malice and cartoon craziness.

@highlight

Carried by its charismatic young cast, Better Watch Out is an adorably sinister holiday horror film.