There's an easy confidence about the project.
This new extreme installment of Disney's "Herbie" franchise is an attempt to resuscitate the property when it should have stayed long dead.
The "Lohan" (Lindsay) hits a G-rated double as college grad Maggie Peyton, the daughter of a famous car racing family, opposite a self-possessed Volkswagen bug named Herbie.
Lindsay, pre-drugs.
This film will not do much to restore Disney's fortunes. Lohan does seem to want to grow up . . . but she pretty much sleepwalks through this film.
... depressingly wholesome.
Una muy agradable sorpresa veraniega que bien vale la pena disfrutar con la familia, con una buena bolsa de palomitas y, lo más importante, con alma de niño
...a thoroughly innocuous piece of work...
...exactly what we can count on from a Disney comedy these days--weightless, nonabrasive entertainment, appealing mainly to the youngest of children.
Here's an idea--give Lindsay Lohan the keys to a car and see what wreckage comes of it.
Hopefully, this movie will neither encourage the trend of guys naming their cars -- or body parts -- nor bring back the VW bug...
Will never become as classic and as fondly-remembered as the original, but for Disney's youth branch it's a step in the right direction.
Yes, it's silly, but it's also thoroughly engaging.
An enjoyable summer movie that kids will love and adults won't object to.
It's a no-brainer that Disney would do a re-make and a no-brainer is what we got.
A classic kids' movie, it redefines the word 'silly.'
Like a Dodge K-car with 350,000 miles and a good engine - it gets you from Point A to Point B but the ride isn't much fun.
... a winning combo that could herald a new lease of life for this surprisingly resilient franchise ...
Passes quickly and doles out enough sentimentality to stay pleasant.
A grande força deste longa reside no charme de Herbie. Lohan pode até ser uma atriz renomada da atualidade, mas aqui serve como mera coadjuvante de luxo para o veterano 53.
Lohan's perkiness can seem a bit too practiced, but she's surrounded by pros who don't play down to the material.
Amidst the doom and gloom of all of the 2005 summer blockbusters, this is a light, airy, fun-filled bubblegum romp.
It accomplishes what it sets out to do, which is to distract the children of America from the horror of their eventual futures for a couple more hours.
The movie is savvy enough to toy with these conventions and wacky enough to take a few risks, and it adds up to a fair enough matinee diversion, much like its predecessor.
Carries a ton of excess baggage, the heaviest being all the crass product placements.
Lindsay Lohan's tight outfits continually threaten to put the kibosh on the film's G rating.
Gets points just for not being The Perfect Man. And beyond that, the movie just isn't that bad.
A new generation has the joy of watching this amusing anthropomorphic auto.
Its vibrating crowd scenes and splashy visuals will please the seven-to-12 set.
Why anyone thought it was time for Herbie to make a comeback is beyond me, but here he is.
Hello. Hoagie here. My driver invited me to "coast-write" this review.
I guess that wacky little car might amuse small children, but the special effects are surprisingly weak, the story is beyond clichéd and the attempt to wedge the hot NASCAR scene into the movie is just clumsy.
Any responsible person should be wary of a vehicle that accelerates on its own, winks with its headlights and sprays hot oil at hostile onlookers.
C'mon, lighten up! It's a "Herbie" movie.
(Director Angela) Robinson keeps the automotive antics to an acceptable level most of the way, although pushing things a notch too far in the finale.
Here's my theory... Lohan actually died several months ago in a late-night partying incident and she's been replaced by a sophisticated robot.
I took my parents! We had a great time. Very well directed and edited to a sweet clipping pace. Never a dull moment. This is just good clean family fun!
Between Matt Dillon's Jeff Gordon impersonation and the Bass Pro Shop references, this is a high time at the cinema for the NASCAR fan!
Matt Dillon is terrific; Michael Keaton is wasted in a horrible script poorly directed that will only appeal to very young children, who applauded at the end of my viewing.
...but for the most part they do the most insipid, uninspired stuff. Stuff like "The Love Bug VII."
It's a gateway to advanced consumerism, with entertainment as a secondary concern.
Yet, with all the frowning and moping and general droopiness going on, you'd think Lohan and company were performing War and Peace, not a lighthearted Disney racing comedy.
Though it seems like a betrayal of their more avant-garde comedy backgrounds, you can't say they're prostituting their talent. They aren't using it at all.
Fully Loaded adds up to little more than a cynical marriage of marketable commodities -- Lohan, NASCAR and the durably profitable Bug himself.
While Fully Loaded doesn't have much for grown-ups who think characters need dimensions or a good story requires an unexpected turn or two, it offers a nice pit stop of nostalgic memories.
As serviceable an introduction as any to the notion of a sentient set of wheels.
Five credited writers have managed to complete the script without a single surprise and with a couple of odd omissions.
This Herbie is loaded all right. Unfortunately, it's with spare parts from dozens of other equally mediocre underdog sports films.
I personally did not hoot or chortle or chuckle or holler or wonder, not once.
It's a silly, fun, non-offensive, fluffball of a movie...
[Robinson's] fun permeates the entire film, and it's irresistibly infectious.
But for all this pretense toward plot, really, Herbie's point is NASCAR and commercial tie-ins.
A paint-by-numbers script means that Herbie: Fully Loaded, despite its dying to please four-wheeled star, often comes up flat.
It fails to capture the breezy charm of the 1968 original...ranking instead with some of its more unfortunate cheesy sequels.
I've never quite understood the appeal of the sentient car.
How can a car that winks compete with Shrek or Buzz Lightyear? Couldn't producers have given Herbie a goatee or sticker of Calvin peeing on Kit from Knight Rider.
A fast paced, breezy ride for the summer. The story sets up a lot of racing scenes to show Herbie in action and other scenes to set up Herbie's slapstick gags.
Revamped car-is-the-star franchise will appeal to kids, even if it won't go the distance for their parents.
A more-than-acceptable timewaster for both the jungle-gym set and their captive chaperones.
There's a lot of PG-13 jiggling.
Aside from one unintentionally hilarious dialogue scene involving giving up & Herbie squirting a load all over Lohan's chest, it's about as innocuous as family fare can get.
It was funny then, and it's funny now.
A zippy ride full of slapstick humor and a feel-good underdog story that should win over both young kids and their nostalgic Baby Boomer parents.
Nothing here beats the old-school sight of a halved Bug placing first and third in a race. A snippet of that scene is more exciting than any of Herbie's newfound trickery.
I'm still eager for children's films that aren't supersized or edgy or flatulent. I just want them to be better than 'Herbie.'
Harmless, witless, unoriginal, uninventive, mildly entertaining and not liable to do any permanent damage to anyone who watches it.
For a movie about a car that's alive, there's a lot that's dead here...
The movie's last half hour is a drag, the rousing race sequences bogged down by the NASCAR product placement.
A rotten, stupid film, without a hint of cleverness or imagination.
With the onslaught of her public activities and associations, Ms. Lohan will have a hard time convincing the masses as the virginal Maggie.
It's nice to see that Disney remembers its past, even if four decades of social change and global issues seem to have made no impact on it whatsoever.
Herbie feels modern in all the right places, with a young heroine whose presence on the track is never questioned or undermined.
All ends well, everyone gets what's coming to them, and any 9-year-old girl who does not stand on her seat cushion and cheer has remarkable self-control.
It sounds hokey, but the nostalgic quality of the whole Herbie experience makes Fully Loaded a charming family film.
Lohan is practically a victim in her own car, helplessly trying to regain control of her possessed vehicle. It's like an update of Stephen King's Christine for kids.
Herbie: Fully Loaded is that modern rarity, a genial, sweet-natured family film, G-rated and proud of it, an old-fashioned Disney movie to the core.
'Walking on Sunshine' is casting a dark cloud over the movies.
This would be a standard baby-sitter of a movie without one hypernatural flame-haired element.
Herbie: Fully Loaded contains almost exactly the same plot as this year's Racing Stripes, a film about a girl and her zebra. This is almost certainly coincidence, but it just adds to the feeling that we're watching something reheated.
Now you know why the moms or dads who must go to family movies are always holding reefer.
Director Angela Robinson gets as much mileage as is possible out of Herbie. But even a car with a life of its own is bound to run out of gas.
Solid family entertainment.
Herbie is a G -- for good, if not grand.
The silly story, however, will do nothing for viewers who like even a touch of substance or plausibility with their summer entertainment.
Make no mistake, the VW's latest incarnation is your typical Disney stuff: sweet in spots, way too syrupy most of the time -- but somehow it works.
This remake is about half of a very likable film. But in movies (as in auto races) it isn't how you start, it's how you finish. And Herbie should have kept something in the tank for the late going.
This isn't a movie for the ages, but it is a movie for young ages, the kind of film you can unashamedly take your kids to and know they're learning the magic of film.
Not wacky enough for the kids it seems to be aimed at and not edgy enough for the teens who by now comprise the bulk of Lohan's core audience, Herbie puts the brakes on her run of successful Disney remakes.
Herbie is the kind of funny, frenetic family movie that really does offer something for everyone.
The comedy is pleasant for a while, and it's a totally harmless movie for kids, but it runs mostly on a high-octane mix of slapstick comedy and special effects -- with little for discriminating moviegoers to enjoy.
A movie that features such old-fashioned comedic virtues can be refreshing, which makes it even more unfortunate that this particular G-rated comedy contains sexually suggestive humor and references.
Herbie: Fully Loaded proves that a movie about a souped-up Volkswagen Beetle with the engine of a rebel and a will of its own can still be a pedestrian outing.
Herbie maintains a special place in the heart of legions of little-boys-turned-men who love their cars like extensions of themselves.
The filmmakers have carefully studied the original and tried hard to recapture what made it work: in this case, a certain wide-eyed innocence.
Loaded does not address the fact that a car with superpowers in an auto race is a lot like a home run hitter who takes steroids. Herbie is the new Jose Canseco.
The moment that white Volkswagen Bug rolled into view, I melted.
A girlpower essay, feeble in its reach, unconvincing in its execution, cute in its tone, endless in its unspooling.
We learn about the value of family, listening to your heart and, above all, the importance of corporate sponsorship.
A bland piece of work, more so than the original.
The movie is pretty cornball.
An above-average family film that's just winning enough to entertain both the grown-ups and the kids.
Stuck in a role that no one could steer straight, Lindsay Lohan looks aged by the experience.
As that ancient Beetle with the number 53 on his hood reminds us, when it comes to good kiddie fare, it's about the heart, not the horsepower.
There's something to be said for lowering your expectations.
Herbie moves along swiftly enough, but it suffers from a poor sense of direction and certainly can't keep pace with the original.
Against all expectations and laws of loathsome overexposure, Herbie is a lot of fun.
Director Angela Robinson (D.E.B.S.) is saddled with a committee-written script whose transmission sticks and even sputters at various intervals.
While you won't care about the human characters, you may find yourself pulling for Herbie.
Though Lohan doesn't embarrass herself in a film in which she appears in virtually every frame, this tepid tribute to girl power hardly represents a step forward from Lohan's breakthrough roles.
Brainless but painless
Enjoyably silly... The movie's primary purpose is to convince a new generation that Herbie is still hot... and, on those terms, (it) succeeds.
A fun, silly family movie that, like its star, has more under its hood than expected.
Not the kind movie to overanalyze - it's the kind that if you just sit back and enjoy the incredible silliness of it all, can make you feel like a little kid again.
Jason's movies, while intended to be scary, are sometimes sorta funny, while Herbie's movies, while intended to be funny, tend to be a little scary.
Time has not been kind to Herbie.
Marketing hype and product placement overload aside, if you are in the mood for a fluff film, it doesn't get much fluffier than this. It achieves it's limited goals.
Herbie: Fully Loaded isn't painful, and, considering the possibilities, that's saying a lot.
Herbie: Fully Loaded, with its emotional-roller-coaster story beats, will work like gangbusters with kids.
If you're not asking much from it, Fully Loaded can be a decently fun movie; it's otherwise a harmless and unremarkable kids' flick.
Herbie: Fully Loaded is a solid bit of wacky fun that reintroduces the franchise back onto solid ground.
Herbie: Fully Loaded is one of those movies Lohan-haters wait for, so they can unload invective and anger, but it's not bad enough to fulfill their desires.
Herbie: Fully Loaded is a perfectly silly movie for a silly season that in recent years has forgotten how to be this silly.
Herbie gives by far the most endearing and convincing performance in the film. We love Herbie because he has a heart and soul. The movie has neither.
Thanks to a clever, subtly subversive script and spirited, tongue-in-cheek direction, Fully Loaded enthusiastically embraces its absurdity and emerges victoriously fun.
They're the only two reasons to see the movie.
Zippy, brightly-colored fun. The film flies right by at such a stylish clip that the viewer hardly has time to realize how very slight the whole thing is.
Fast-paced with nary a dull moment, Herbie:Fully Loaded is a fitting comeback for the magical Love Bug.
No amount of anti-jiggle CG work can fully diffuse the sexual undertones racing beneath the cute and cuddly hood of this modern update of the kid-friendly 1970s series.
I suppose there are worse ways to spend a summer evening than in the company of this cast and the R2D2-like automobile, but hasn't the day of Herbie come and gone?
It's formula with a capital F, but the high-energy ridiculousness propels it to victory.
Lindsay Lohan continues her reign as queen of Disney remakes.
One time too many around the track...a mishmash of slapstick, action, romance, domestic comedy and feel-good feminist fantasy.
As the movie's title implies he's been updated, now he's possessed by the Devil.
For a movie about a car that comes to life, this movie is surprisingly lifeless.
Will probably be appreciated best by very young children, although nostalgic adults might get a kick out of seeing old number 53 race one last time.
[It] will amuse kids, but this Bug is low on comic gas.








@highlight

Herbie: Fully Loaded is a decent kids movie that is pretty undemanding for adult viewers.