A careful and, at times vulnerable, documentary about an extraordinary and mythic singer. [Full Review in Spanish]
Australian Catherine Gund and American Daresha Kyi cover [Chavela Vargas'] fascinating story from beginning to end. [Full review in Spanish]
The music in Chavela shows us that the folklore always exists and it is part of our days. [Full Review in Spanish]
Chavela manages to make its titular subject personable and accessible for newcomers, all the while providing a bittersweet love letter which all fans can appreciate.
A powerful film that will leave your heart ravenous and your mind full of ideas, like the best of Chavela's songs. [Full review in Spanish]
A serial seducer of women, she had a relationship with artist Frida Kahlo, and a one-night stand with Ava Gardner. Kyi's film does an effective job of showing how Chavela's life was as intense as her music.
The late Chavela Vargas, a sad and fiery legend of Latin American song, is the subject of an adoring portrait as straightforward as its title, Chavela.
What a wonderful and worthy tribute to a woman who led such a fascinating life.
By the end, the filmmakers have painted a portrait of a uniquely passionate artist, beloved by audiences in both her home country and Spain, where Pedro Almodóvar figures prominently in her story.
Still, the film is an eye-opening primer on an intoxicating performer about whom too little is known.
... the valuable and courageous etching of a figure that, as Dylan's Bono said, had much more than three chords and the truth. [Full review in Spanish]
Directors Catherine Fund and Daresha Kyi skillfully interwove newsreels and a long interview reel with interviews with the people in Chavela's world...
A solid if conventional bio.
The raspy passion of Chavela's singing connects the romantic fatalism of Mexican folk and pop music to the soulful understanding of gay life that defines filmmakers such as [Pedro] Almodovar.
As this documentary by Catherine Gund and Daresha Kyi reveals, Vargas came by her tragic persona honestly.
A fond but clear-eyed tribute.
The filmmakers weren't concerned with delivering a comprehensive story. They were more preoccupied with capturing Vargas' magnetism, depth of emotion and the effect she had on those around her.
In Chavela, Catherine Gund and Daresha Kyi have crafted a documentary that works just as well as an introduction to the legendary ranchera singer as it does a fond remembrance for those who knew her well.
Catherine Gund and Daresha Kyi's documentary Chavela is both a celebration of the rough but ultimately triumphant life of Mexican ranchera singer Chavela Vargas.
The film marvels with her but doesn't have much of an answer. But we do get performances. We hear her on record, from in her youth and in cabaret and concert appearances from late in her life. Every note has majesty.
Throughout Chavela, onscreen translations of lyrics accompany concert clips. A literal understanding of the songs is hardly necessary, though. The emotion in the performance says everything we need to know.
Chavela is presented as a grandiose enigma, the kind that inspires more research afterward and seeking out her music, but the film is too ordinary to feel like it does her legacy complete artistic justice.
It plays like a dirge, not a celebration.
Mesmerizes with its impressionistic blend of archival photos, musical performances, concert footage and candid interviews with the legendary singer herself, as well with her ardent friends like Pedro Almodóvar and former lovers.
The film's hopscotching-in-time structure, informed by specific remembrances of Chavela Vargas's life, is refreshingly unconventional.
The Mexican music legend and LGBTI icon gets her due in this in-depth documentary.
Despite adhering to a conventional documentary framework, Gund and Kyi's selection of interviewees signals an admirable refusal to descend into straight hagiography.
This tuneful portrait of Chavela Vargas, "born singing" in 1919 Costa Rica, admiringly explores her impact on the world of Mexican music as an out lesbian ... a charismatic figure and a great artist.
The core material is augmented with a wealth of archive footage and photographs, as well as extensive interviews with music aficionados, associates, friends, lovers and admirers.
Chavela is a vivid portrayal of an artistic, social and sexual rebel whose difficult but finally triumphant life finally proved that there sometimes really are second acts in showbiz lives.
Loaded with concert footage, interviews with friends, and terrific photos, this well-balanced documentary directed by Gund and Daresha Kyi celebrates the woman and the legend, and if the stock archival material doesn't always fit, few will mind.

@highlight

Chavela pays affecting tribute to its subject with an absorbing documentary that outlines her remarkable life while effectively communicating the power and lingering impact of her art.