Skip it.
A lazy script makes for a cheesy and predictable film that features two crummy performances from stars who are hard to dislike.
A ridiculous and lifeless comedy, this mess of a motion picture is trite and easily-forgettable.
Robert Luketic's "Killers" takes a worn out premise and somehow manages to make it feel even more tired than before.
A fluffy but harmless action comedy.
Everything has a thrown-together feel, as the characters are tossed from romcom situations to action set-pieces and back again with no thought to applying any sort of grace notes to ease the transition.
Robert Luketic's latest flick is a palette cleanser -- a flavourless sorbet if you will -- guaranteed to scrape the flavor of any recent enjoyable film from your sensory memory.
Bland spy rom-com mines violence, stereotypes for laughs.
Perhaps some future social scientist will explain why the traditional romantic comedy transformed during the first decade of the 21st century into the screwball action-comedy, in which bonds of love are strengthened by gunplay, car chases and explosions.
Neither action nor romance, Killers will please all those who see it for Kutcher, disappoint those in search of a story.
I was tested by Killers' gaping lack of a single distinguishing characteristic.
The murderously boring Killers firmly belongs in the dregs of the ever increasing number of rom-com-action movies.
A concept masquerading as a full blown movie, in which the story is undercooked but the delivery is overdone
The storyline and script lack credibility, but more than that, Robert Luketic's direction misses the light, crisp fun the situations require, leaving us saddled with a questionable tone in Nowhereland
Heigl and Kutcher's romance has about as much crackle as a bowl of soggy Rice Bubbles.
Far from the knock out we hope for.
full review at Movies for the Masses
It's trying to be funny and it's trying to be cool but Killers doesn't quite get there.
A bloated mess that's not remotely funny -- or suspenseful.
The script is ludicrously overcooked, with too much unnecessary exposition at the expense of laughs, while Heigl's habitual decision to play each role as a nostril-flaring, wild-eyed, squealing shrew is growing tiresome.
It's pretty much dead in the water as soon as a shirtless Kutcher tries to play suave and utters some terrible French in his first attempt to woo his co-star.
Only the underplaying Selleck gets out of this with any dignity, while O'Hara is totally wasted as Jen's one-note tippling mom.
Call us critics jaded, but Killers puts the "kill" in "kill-joy." Try it and see for yourself. Or not.
Killers goes wrong so quickly and obviously it's almost hard to believe -- did collective deafness strike on set?
The whole film is scripted like it didn't matter, and directed in a similar fashion.
100 minutes killed, to be precise.
Heigl and Kutcher are both easy on the eye but neither of them quite have the charisma required to overcome the flat script and uninspired direction.
Vapid movie stars screeching their way through frantically edited action sequences.
Killers feels like the build-up of Mr And Mrs Smith, only that's the whole movie and the chronic lack of a third act when even the second act is wafer thin is almost unforgivable.
Kutcher and Heigl have such forced chemistry that it's hard to believe they'd ever fall in love, much less stay married in blissful blah-dom.
It's us they are killing with this screamingly abysmal romcom-thriller, drearily similar to the hitman'n'her Brangelina picture Mr & Mrs Smith.
What have moviegoers done to deserve releases like these?
Katherine Heigl does her career few favours and Ashton Kutcher appears lost in a barely interested daze in this chuckle-lite misfire. Dispiriting, disappointing and deeply dull.
Kutcher and Heigl are unable to bring any warmth to what is at heart a bitter, cynical script. Just awful.
It's better than The Bounty Hunter, with the two leads making a more charming couple than Jennifer Aniston and Gerard Butler, but it's still difficult to view Killers as anything more than throwaway fluff.
The script's bowel-rupturingly bland - you can almost sense the bits where they wrote [INSERT JOKE HERE] and never got round to it.
Katherine Heigl and Robert Luketic are like The Osmond Siblings of the movie world.
Heigl and Kutcher make a cute enough couple, but a cringeworthy opening and ludicrous (even by the standards of the genre) ending mean that this is one to watch only when your brain is switched to the "off" position.
I laughed a few times and was fairly entertained. I just wish it had a better structure and not such a flat ending.
A disjointed and unnecessarily lengthy comedy which has a number of flaws but still manages to garner enough laughs throughout to make it worth a watch.
This should be and could be a really fun and entertaining, silly movie and it isn't.
Certainly no worse - faint praise alert - than your average sitcom.
A boobs 'n biceps fluffy espionage burb romance, helped in no small part by a host of unlikely everyday unneighborly assassins. Though a homicidal Kutcher, recently caught with his pants down as a conniving baby-faced gigolo in Spread, is another matter.
Just how wretched an actress is Katherine Heigl? Ashton Kutcher has delivered his own share of poor performances, yet whenever he's asked to share a scene with Heigl, he comes across like Laurence Olivier by comparison.
Killers is a lifeless romantic action comedy that might as well have been concocted in a broken beaker, given the paucity of chemistry between the lead actors.
There is a potentially rich satirical situation there, as everyone in the couple's dull planned community turn out to be undercover killers. But whatever germ of an idea there is, it's quickly killed by witless writing and migraine-inducing direction.
If you count the number of hairstyles Katherine Heigl wears in this dreary romcom-with-guns, the tally is likely to be four or five. Ashton Kutcher's facial expressions, one.
If you think the trailers look bad, just imagine how insufferable the movie is.
It's as if you'd tuned into an episode of Punk'd with Kutcher parading around in full Bond parody -- not good.
This thing is a mess -- as a comedy, as a thriller, as an action vehicle, as a movie.
This is not a bad movie. It is three bad movies. "Killers" is trying to be a romantic action comedy and it fails all three times.
The comedic talents of Luketic, Kutcher, and Heigl overcome a dismal script, a ludicrous contrived setup, and innumerable plot holes.
For someone so classically handsome, Kutcher is surprisingly anticharismatic as a star. A smarmy grin and looking good while shirtless does not equal screen presence, dude.
The film's awareness of subterfuge and assassination as contemporary habit represents a change in how people perceive loving, citizenship and morality.
little more than a potentially good idea badly executed
Starts out fresh and funny but quickly bogs down and never recovers. Heigl and Kutcher drown with the silly plot
Maybe filmmakers should shoot what Ashton's up to off-camera, because not many laughs are making it to the screen.
Bob DeRosa and Ted Griffin wrote the script, whose plummeting one-liners leave no actor unscathed.
It's to die for. Seriously, you could kill yourself. The script is idiotic. The leads display little chemistry. The deathly struggles go on so long that we pray that both sides collapse from boredom before we do.
A sour action comedy that delivers few thrills and even fewer laughs.
Bungled rather than flat-out terrible.
Director Robert Luketic has confused helming a frothy action romp through silliness with remaking Ingmar Bergman's Scenes from A Marriage. Star Katherine Heigl may be many things, Liv Ullman is not one of them
...an acceptable time-waster that just barely gets the job done.
Occasionally, a production company is so acutely aware that it's stuck with a dud that they refuse to schedule press screenings, hoping the public will blindly buy tickets. This is just such a loser.
You could do far worse at the multiplex this weekend than Killers, a modestly pitched rom-com actioner that outdoes most of the competition on compulsive watchability alone.
I found 'Killers' mostly fun and suspenseful to watch, despite its intermittent blah dialogue and schmaltzy ending.
Killers is a forgettable waste that will have you wanting to kill to get that part of your life back.
Worth the investment for the cinematic capture of the Southern France backdrops, as well as the badinage between Heigl and Kutcher reminiscent of those classic Doris Day-Rock Hudson exchanges in flicks like Send Me No Flowers. Send Me No Hit Men!
Banal, asinine and frustratingly preposterous while lacking chemistry, laughs or even a modicum of cleverness.
Overall, "Killers" makes for good quick, date-movie-ish entertainment, but it's hard to hold it against anyone who would find the whole thing an unbearable mess.
This hybrid of marital strife and action comedy barely worked in Date Night, but that's because Steve Carell and Tina Fey were authentic as married grown-ups.
At a certain point, it actually becomes embarrassing to watch Heigl and Kutcher play at being in love.
Other than being an utterly miscast, ill-advised combo of rom-com and spy thriller distinguished by lousy writing and featuring two people with no screen chemistry, Killers is perfectly mediocre.
There's nobody delivering the laughs in this arid action comedy.
The mismatch isn't quite of Justin Bieber-Charlize Theron proportions, but Ashton Kutcher and Katherine Heigl play an oddly disjointed pair of lovers, partners and reluctant assassins in Killers.
Ashton Kutcher produces his latest film, the Robert Luketic-directed romantic-action-comedy-thriller, which is very light on romance, well-choreographed action, laughs or thrills.
Killers does have a couple of good punch lines, but in the context of all of the film's other shortcomings, it's difficult to laugh and betray any enjoyment at all.
Is it some monstrosity of awfulness, as its lack of advance screening suggested? No, that would imply at least a spark of some kind. This is just an empty summer hodgepodge of stale romantic comedy exchanges, witlessness and lackluster action.
The screenplay has pages I imagine remain only half-filled. Not long after Heigl and Kutcher meet in an elevator, they share this exchange. She: "Huh-huh." He: "Huh." She: "Huuuuuh." This is the language of love for two people coming out of a coma.
Killers leaves Heigl and Kutcher to bicker over issues of trust and betrayal; being in danger causes more problems in their marriage than it resolves. Killers isn't an entertainment, it's a high-speed spat.
It's the summer movie equivalent of Cheetos -- totally unnatural, bad for you, possibly cancerous, but a guilty pleasure to indulge in with your girlfriends, possibly while drunk.
Don't tell me I'm making too much out of nothing, because the steady drip-drip-drip of nothings like this are killing us all.
It's so ineffectual and unfocused that after it's over, you're not even sure you watched a movie.
What does work here has little to do with the leads, but rather some scene-stealing performances from Tom Selleck and Catherine O'Hara as Heigl's overprotective parents.
A brain-deadening collision of high concept and low standards.
Haven't we seen the oh-my-gosh-my-spouse-is-secretly-an-assassin-but-you-know-a-nice-one routine once too often?
Robert Luketic's bland action comedy focuses on the uninteresting relationship between its two bland main characters, and that's the deadliest thing in sight.
Luketic and Heigl are totes besties when it comes to setting women back half a century, to the time when women were believed to be nothing more than adorable children and that's the way it should be.
Mindnumbingly boring and unfunny ... throws a bunch of things that wouldn't necessarily work together onto the screen hoping movie audiences are too dumb to care.
Yeah, Ashton Kutcher's a CIA agent. And I'm Pauline Kael.
Kutcher's reputation as a shrewd businessman just got knocked beneath the basement.
After this bomb, Katherine Heigl and Ashton Kutcher may qualify as two of the most attractive and prematurely washed-up screen actors Hollywood has ever produced.
Bullets fly and jokes land with a thud.
A dreadful rip-off of 'True Lies'...a disaster so complete that...it will easily earn a high place among the year's worst pictures.
The audience is the real victim.
It's not a perfect film and it's not a piece of cinematic refuse, but Killers is able to find happiness in the middle
Everybody's cyber-pal Ashton Kutcher is perfect casting for Killers, since the screenplay is shallow as a Tweet and the movie appears to have been shot with a Nikon point-and-click camera he plugs on TV.
Meant to be a wild, witty and playful comedy-actioner, Killers disappoints on both counts, unfolding as a series of ideas and cliches borrowed from pictures like To Catch a Thief, True Lies, Mr. and Mrs. Smith, and others.
It's slightly miscast (Kutcher) and once again Heigl isn't given a character worth remembering. So for me, my mind wanders, and wonders if there was really a good enough reason to make Killers.
Have you seen True Lies? Well, then you have already seen Killers minus the great action scenes, great performances and a clever script.
Even if Lady Gaga herself were to turn up to meet you in the bleachers during the screening, there is no earthly reason for anyone to spend their time or money on "Killers,"
And if [Killers] proves anything, it proves that Lionsgate can make a big stupid noisy "comedy" that is almost entirely laugh-free, just like the big studios.
What have audiences done to deserve this? Summer 2010 has been a roundly disappointing season for movies, but no major release so far has been as brazenly low-rent as Killers.
Dares to be a little more dangerous and different, darting from black comedy to action to romance with a smooth hand. Madcap and surprising in a lot of ways.
Predictability is the least of this picture's concerns. Luketic doesn't provide any whiff of excitement, kinetic energy, or snappy repartee -- there's not a laugh or a thrill around.


@highlight

Dull, formulaic, and chemistry-free, Killers is an action/comedy that's largely bereft of thrills or laughs.