It's a formulaic tale, but one for the shelf of contemporary films that are tracking our changing relationship to combat veterans, both human and canine.
Often captivating largely in part due to a fantastic performance from Kate Mara; she is able to portray everything from a drifting loner personality to PTSD after an intense battle situation
If your eyes aren't watering by the final frame, you're watching the wrong film or you simply don't have a heart.
Not only is it a loving tribute to our heroes that place themselves in danger, but it's also a love letter to an unrecognized sect of heroes - K9's and their handlers.
Megan Leavey may not be the deepest movie you'll see this year, but it definitely shows that animals can play a major role in making people more human.
Gabriela Cowperthwaite has directed a heartfelt memorial to women and dog soldiers.
Straightforward and deeply moving.
Comes across as bait for Upworthy.com, but the film is eventually quite touching affecting
A heartfelt and touching film featuring one of Kate Mara's best performances.
... bluntly, and brilliantly, defies convention on many fronts, including the cardinal rule: make the protagonists cuddly.
Megan Leavey ultimately nails a few moments you weren't expecting it to, almost making up for its lack of focus and unwillingness to commit to its main storyline.
This deeply satisfying military drama demonstrates that a simple, even familiar story can be powerfully effective when told with big heart and solid craft.
Kate Mara is raw and riveting in the title role, a marine who ends up in combat in Iraq with a bomb-sniffing German shepherd. It's a true story that earns your tears.
The movie is pretty good, but it's hard to escape the feeling that there's a much better movie in Megan Leavey's true story, one that never got off the drawing board.
Director Gabriela Cowperthwaite's spare handheld camera work comes into its own once the canine teams are out in the field.
Offering The Ultimate Sacrifice
Based on the true story of a Marine and her bomb-sniffing dog, the movie is a well-told weepie, especially if you're a full-blown animal lover.
Mara has her best screen outing yet.
Occasionally harrowing and always touching.
A heart-warming weepy melodrama that's especially tuned into dog lovers.
Perhaps no two film genres are more susceptible to clichés than movies about animals and movies about war. "Megan Leavey" is both. And yet it's a very moving film that doesn't slip into melodrama or sentimentality, earning its tears from viewers honestly.
A never-ending return to the States makes it all seem like just a good TV movie, with a cast that includes Edie Falco and Bradley Whitford, as Megan's divorced parents.
Megan Leavey does the feel-good job everyone intends, an interesting story straightforwardly told. Cowperthwaite and Mara won't get a fraction of Wonder Woman's audience yet deserve as much respect.
It's hard not to like a good old-fashioned, drawn from life, girl-and-her-dog story.
Cowperthwaite is a documentarian and brings a low-key naturalism to the storytelling, and Mara is excellent in revealing Leavey's growing sense of confidence and purpose.
Cowperthwaite avoids potential pitfalls by concentrating on the title character and her extraordinary real-life journey.
It wants to treat war with the seriousness it deserves while sparing the audience of anything that might be disconcerting.
Like its main character, the film just isn't the same when Rex isn't around.
Megan Leavey is an energetic and emotional combat drama about a female warrior discovering the power of love on the battlefield, helmed by a female director who polished her craft in the independent-film world.
Cowperthwaite's approach is low key so that the heroics of both Leavey and her dog Rex play out as something that was just an everyday part of their job in Iraq and not like some Michael Bay action film.
As its title indicates, Megan Leavey is not interested in the war as such. What it offers instead is the story of her journey, heartfelt and well acted, but never surprising.
Cowperthwaite isn't doing anything particularly original with this film, but dog lovers will find it an enjoyable watch.
There's surely a great story in Megan Leavey, but it never gets sufficiently sussed out.
a pretty solid summer sleeper that should find a receptive audience among animal lovers
"Megan Leavey" isn't a big, or particularly surprising picture; it sketches out a simple story and then, reliably delivers.
...director Gabriela Cowperthwaite hits all the expected beats in this coming-of-age tale, but with enough unexpected details that they seem fresh and new.
If you're looking for a good cry, Megan Leavey gets the job done, I suppose. But it's a bit like a wet kiss from a puppy.
The film - the feature directorial debut for Gabriela Cowperthwaite, whose orcas-in-peril documentary, Blackfish, struck a nerve - treats the handler/dog relationship with respect, not cheap sensationalism.
Poignant, earnest drama about a Marine and her war dog.
A feel good dog movie about canine solider and her handler. Dog lovers, bring a hanky. Or two.
The film has some pacing issues, but Cowperthwaite succeeds conveying the tremendous bond between soldiers and their dogs and the terrifying conditions in which they work.
A Hallmark card of a film, but competently done.
With a female-directed, female-driven film this small, criticizing it feels like beating a baby seal. While well intentioned, the human-and-dog interest story lacks narrative drive and star Kate Mara is a limp noodle.
The emotion in Megan Leavey is not forced. It flows, up and down the leash, just like it's supposed to.
"Megan Leavey" works because it takes Leavey seriously as a character, and it studies her journey through her life and through the Marines before Rex is even a factor in the story.
May not be the smoothest piece of filmmaking, but wears its emotions honestly and benefits from offering a look at a rarely explored arena of human-animal relationships: dogs trained for combat.
If the conclusion doesn't bring a tear to your eye, you're way too cynical.
One woman + one dog = redemption. The rest of the world doesn't matter.
Megan Leavey isn't flawless in its structure and thematic priorities, but what it has is a worthy tale of commitment and bravery, which satisfyingly wraps up in a touching finale.
I have to admit, the sentimental softie in me got a bit verklempt over Megan's plight and reunion with Rex. (That is not a spoiler, by the way.)
It's hard not to be moved by Megan's eventual reunion with Rex, but getting there should be a smoother journey.
Mara is terrific at illustrating Leavey's complexities, especially in her scenes with Ramón Rodriguez as a military love interest and Bradley Whitford as her father. And the dogs who play Rex over a decade or so are beautiful animals.
As it stands, the movie's power never pops off the screen.
Kate Mara imbues the role with plenty of grit and pluck but it's Rex, the dog she bonds with, who turns out to be a natural in front of the camera.
[Cowperthwaite] balances the film's action and emotional beats nicely, although it must be said that the defining battle shies away from too much gore... (That's not a criticism; it makes the resulting film more kid-friendly, if still quite intense.)
This movie is rarely more than merely competent, but it should stir lovers of justice as well as dog fanciers.
[T]he movie doesn't land that final, emotional punch.
This is a good story, well told.
Cowperthwaite brings the heat during the Iraq scenes, merging her journalistic approach with dramatic devices that imbue Megan Leavey with authenticity and urgency.
Cowperthwaite's excellent directing makes Megan Leavey memorable.
This is an affecting story about loyalty, sacrifice, and the forging of identity.
Remarkable, innovative, but not particularly good.
Mara shows the grit of a Marine in combat as well as the feelings of the human being inside, never letting one undercut the other.
If you have a soft spot for dogs, this is a love story you'll find irresistible.
Audibly groans under the weight of its feminist good intentions.
This is a film that can't decide if it wants to be a war movie or a rescue dog melodrama and therefore falls into cinematic no-man's/woman's-land.
Anything that might offend those allergic to the corny, the simplistic, even the patriotic has been surgically removed.
Not much more than a Hallmark Hall of Fame-style exercise in audience manipulation, but it's a better-than-average example of the type.
You often have the feeling that simple, truthful stories of the men and women who serve overseas are underrepresented on screen. Not this week.
"Megan Leavey" is an affecting look at the bond between a Marine and her dog. It's not quite so successful on the human front.
When Megan Leavey touches upon the treatment of post-traumatic stress disorder in both humans and animals, it looks capable of bringing something novel to the human-and-dog formula. Most of the time, it's a rote biography of someone a dog really liked.
Not only is it a compelling metaphor for a woman finding independence and empowerment, it dramatizes a primal emotional relationship that proves heartbreaking and triumphant.
A somewhat low-key war drama, but it's hard to resist its sweet spirit and fuzzy warmth.
Pat and predictable, yet a sentimental enough journey to leave you weepy in spite of yourself.
Kate Mara delivers one of the best performances of her career in the title role.
"Megan Leavey," despite its story of wartime heroism, isn't a jingoistic, sentimental slice of pure patriotism. It's far more an intimate drama about a personal journey, a story about true love and companionship.
A glossy, facile and TV-ready tribute to a heroic woman who deserves a much better movie.
This is a two-hour movie that would probably have worked better at 90 minutes. But it's a quietly competent film and a good story ...
Though the screenplay, direction and performances never reach a level of intelligence one would hope for, the film hits enough right notes to recommend a viewing, especially for those with a soft spot for animals and an interest in military stories.
It's a movie about a woman and her dog, about the love - yes, love; not just a bond, but real, actual, soul-nurturing, life-expanding love - that can happen between a human being and an animal.
It is anchored in a poignancy frequently missing in this explosion-filled, hyper-macho genre.
Subtly satisfying, celebrating our soldiers' canine comrades.
Add a dog, and it almost instantly becomes the most emotional Iraq War combat film.
It's impossible not to think of Megan and Rex as a duo, as soldiers-in-arms on equal footing with one another.
Though it may hit a few predictable notes, its embrace of flawed and messy characters and refusal to repair every frayed emotional connection give it a dynamic, in-the-moment vigor.
Often too clunky for its own good, and (ahem) doggedly apolitical throughout, this earnest feel-good tale nonetheless manages to pull on the heartstrings with sufficient gentleness.
Arf dog movie, half military drama, and both worth you time.
The filmmakers use the same restrained patience to build a touching connection between Megan and Rex. Soon, it seems perfectly reasonable that an emotionally isolated soldier would consider a German shepherd to be her one true soul mate.
Everyone here, from fellow marines to Iraqis, is merely a supporting player in Megan Leavey's emotional journey.
Megan Leavey is an ambitious, yet restrained drama that celebrates the military while refusing to punch up the melodrama and action as an aggressive male filmmaker may have.

@highlight

Megan Leavey honors its real-life subjects with a sensitive, uplifting drama whose honest emotion more than makes up for its mild approach to the story.