This odd couple has much to learn from each other - and I'm not talking about parallel parking. Their scenes together are well-written and deftly acted. As they should be, with two of Hollywood's most accomplished pros behind the wheel.
Sarah Kernochan supplies an insightful screenplay that deals with illegal immigration, arranged marriage and institutional racism along the way to a touching and cleverly unexpected ending.
[It] has its own concerns and addresses them simply and winningly.
[Patricia] Clarkson, the ultimate WASP and [Ben] Kingsley, born Krishna Pandit Bhanji, are very good together.
Learning to Drive... is a satisfyingly grownup movie. Its stakes are gentle but real. Its characters behave decently yet feel strongly, and their parallel worlds are unfair if occasionally joyous.
In Learning to Drive, the conversations and 'lessons' exchanged ( ... ) feel too scripted; life lessons disguised as driving lessons, deliberate and contrived.
Kingsley essays both authenticity and humour, but it's often hard to know what's steering the story.
Clarkson -- wonderful -- remains one of the least sung and most skilled of America's thinking screen divas.
An unremarkable but endearing film.
Clarkson, in particular, is spot-on; her character unfolds gradually into the serenity that comes with hard-earned self-sufficiency. And the gentle, low-key humour belies some spiky observations about multicultural America.
It's a gentle, uneventful film with a fair amount of charm ...
There's nothing wrong with its signals but the manoeuvres still need L-plates.
This is a low key but witty and often affecting film with excellent performances from Clarkson and Kingsley.
Given little to work with, Thelma Schoonmaker edits proficiently and there's a pleasing Indian-inspired score, but the film strains so hard to be equitable that it fails to engage.
The gas remains largely unstepped on, the brake cables tragically uncut.
The two veterans work well together, raising the tone of otherwise pedestrian material.
A mildly pleasant ride thanks to its amiable leading duo, a gently observant script and some witty little commentaries on America's cultural diversity.
Somewhat lucid at times with flourishes of comedy, as enjoyable as individual moments are, it unfolds rather predictably.
This isn't just a good film because of the great acting, however, it has a solid romantic story and it touches on some important social issues as well.
...there is a sense of worn-out familiarity that attaches to this well-intended but ultimately featherweight indie drama about a privileged Manhattan lady and her relationship with her exotic, and presumably wise, driving instructor.
Director Isabel Coixet's films have, of late, been a dark and sometimes dreary bunch... so it's a relief that her latest Learning To Drive is wryer, sweeter and far less pretentious.
There are glimpses of intrigue but we never get to know the characters well enough to care for them.
Clarkson and a compelling Kingsley make for very easy company as their gentle exchange of age and culture enables them to embrace a challenging future.
Visually, Learning to Drive is mostly flat -- but then, there are only so many ways you can shoot two people sitting next to each other in a car.
Directed by Isabel Coixet, and based on a magazine article by the feminist writer Katha Pollitt, this is a little film but there is a lot of craft in it. To make a movie about human connection that is funny without being mawkish is no small achievement.
Driving a car is a useful cinematic metaphor for taking control of one's life, and there is a gentle determination behind this film which makes it more engaging than it sounds
It's an engaging diversion but falls short of anything more
A light duty and passably entertaining exposition by Ben Kingsley and Patricia Clarkson.
Patricia Clarkson and Ben Kingsley are such likeable performers that they're watchable in the worst tripe, but it's hard to imagine a weaker vehicle for their considerable talents.
A perfectly pleasant 90-minute diversion with little conflict and no major drama... You could watch these two act all day.
Empathetic drama treats mature themes with warmth.
Small in scale and largely unassuming, both of which may be in the movie's favor, since it never tries too hard. The film seems content to just "be."
Kingsley acquits himself in the role with considerable grace. He also makes a solid anchor to Clarkson, who relinquishes her own elegant, sometimes frosty screen persona for something a little wilder and decidedly sexier.
Despite Patricia Clarkson's performance and screenwriter Sarah Kernochan's expansion of Katha Pollitt's 2002 New Yorker essay, the film still feels undercooked.
"Learning to Drive" is precisely the sort of adult-themed, intelligent and heartfelt film it wants to be, with Clarkson and Kingsley wonderfully on point.
Charming and often very funny.
Learning to Drive is a story of companionship, loneliness, resilience. It's a small, artfully crafted thing, but it resonates in big ways.
Together, [Kingsley and Clarkson] have so much to learn, and the operation of an automobile provides so many opportunities for metaphor.
Delicate and sensitive dramedy, teaching nuanced lessons about self-empowerment, re-invention and simply moving forward.
An ironically pedestrian movie that doesn't go anywhere adventurous, but the two lead passengers--and Clarkson in particular--make it a more agreeable journey than it otherwise would have been.
I was moved. Not floored, but moved.
It might lack subtlety, but Clarkson and Kingsley's triple-threat senses of humor, intelligence and on-screen effortlessness help deliver a breezy, grown-up yarn.
Beautiful performances by everyone, especially Clarkson and Choudhury, give this story a luminous glow.
It's a beautifully acted tale of friendship, and about how sometimes, you just need to move forward - in a car, or otherwise.
A radiant, subtle, and engrossing story about the blossoming friendship between a New York book critic and an Indian-American driving teacher.
"Learning to Drive" would be an entirely inert expedition were it not for Clarkson, who plays against Kingsley's sentinel of propriety with her signature radiance and birdlike gracefulness.
It may seem, at a glance, like something awfully cutesy and potentially annoying. But if you look just below the surface, it contains Coixet's usual mature, humanist touches.
The film also provides an interesting view into Sikh culture, illustrating in colorful detail the various rituals that inform the devout driving instructor's personal life.
Endearing, mordant, and impeccably acted.
One could do a lot worse at the multiplex than spend time with Wendy, Darwan, Ted and Jasleen.
A rare summer gem.
An entertaining nugget of a film that examines friendship and self-awareness represented in two very different cultures.
Learning to Drive feels as if it has been manufactured to elicit as much sweetness as possible.
Coixet, Clarkson and Kingsley have worked together previously (in the 2008 drama Elegy), but this is the Spanish filmmaker's first crack at comedy. She passes the test, seemingly with ease.
Learning to Drive may be a small movie, but it's a haunting one.
Over-simplified with a lot of emotional hand-holding, but just charismatic enough to work.
Clarkson develops a push-pull rapport with Kingsley that fills in the blanks - or, rather, mitigates the script's on-the-nose tendencies.
"Learning to Drive" offers some hit-and-miss pleasures, but may finally strike you as pedestrian.
Cast, pitched and paced for an older audience, a gentle almost-romance that works well enough.
Learning to Drive hails a ride down a predictable romantic comedy road. But Clarkson and Kingsley's surprising chemistry and the latter's unforeseen comedic timing will astound you.
Both Wendy and Darwan are familiar cinematic archetypes, yet the performances keep the film from becoming too preachy or maudlin.
It's easy to see what drew these filmmakers to the beautifully written essay, which had broken hearts and wounded families built into it. What's harder to grasp is how they could turn it into something so pedestrian.
[A] movie calibrated to appeal to that precious demographic of middle-aged people who don't go to see movies any more.
[M]odest, near-timid cross-cultural drama enlivened by two of the most live live-wires of modern movies, Ben Kingsley and Patricia Clarkson. The duo take the day.
a lovely story of moving out of middle aged comfort zones during times of romantic crisis rendered both humorous and affecting by leads Clarkson and Kingsley.
Despite some bumps in the road, there are small rewards in this intimate character study.
What's astonishing about Isabel Coixet's Learning to Drive, a fictional rendering of Katha Pollitt's personal essay of the same name, is the way the film turns Pollitt's wry, feminist take on the breakup of a seven-year relationship into a victim fable.
This film is a little too on-the-nose in its automobile-as-freedom metaphors, but that didn't hurt my enjoyment. I found myself rooting for this small, quiet dramedy to succeed. For the most part, it does just fine.
"Learning to Drive" is a richly observed, crosscultural character study that coasts along pleasurably on the strengths of its virtuoso leads.
As this movie, directed by Isabel Coixet, tracks the deepening friendship between people from different cultures and backgrounds, it acquires an unforced metaphorical resonance.
The film seems to take its method entirely from Darwan's quiet, methodical patter about how to move safely across lanes and through intersections. It's good advice for driving, but less helpful for drama.
Wears out its welcome, and energy, through unswerving conformity to its dramatic scheme.
'Learning to Drive' contains enough fine scenes, special moments and outstanding acting to make you mildly disappointed that more wasn't made out of this material.
As these two actors travel this road together, they create - both in the driver's-ed car and within each scene - a small, safe space where every gesture is simultaneously small and incredibly important.
The movie putters along as softly as Wendy drives. Despite its lack of narrative horsepower, though, its character sketches are pleasing.
Toothless, amiable, and bland.
It creeps up on you, eliciting laughs even as touches the heart. That makes it unique in the current cinematic landscape.
A predictable, flat-footed film.
Remarkably, refreshingly, perhaps surprisingly sensitive and respectful to its non-American characters.
The filmmakers' hearts might be in the right place, but the film's doesn't kick in until well after you might already have declared it dead.
Instead of using the titular metaphor as a means to seek deeper, darker ends, Isabel Coixet proceeds to restate it over and over again.
[A] sputtering comedy
Low-key but overly schematic.
[A] touching, insightful and, at the end of the day, extremely well-meaning film. It's a "mom movie" that may not be the flashiest vehicle, but gets to its destination in good condition.
Contrived, unconvincing, and at times cringeworthy...
In no way shades of Driving Miss Daisy, The Odd Couple, and especially not Taxi Driver, this cross-cultural combo buddy movie budding romance conveys a delicately layered emotional bond built between two conflicted people who couldn't be more different.
A film that touches on some tough issues.
An amiable, well-meaning story of fellow feeling extending across social boundaries, there's a kind of built-in worthiness to the premise that suggests something a lot duller and more tin-eared than Coixet's film delivers.
As filmmaking goes, "Drive" is pretty pedestrian.

@highlight

The story's a bit predictable, but Learning to Drive is elevated by typically strong work from stars Patricia Clarkson and Ben Kingsley.