Abstract and eerily incomplete, Southbound unfolds in a place where Marienbad heads south to the Twilight Zone and Dead End, and where moral failings collide with macabre consequences.
A powerful variation on the multi-story film. SOUTHBOUND is five horrific stories, each of which fades into the next.
The horror anthology Southbound is a hit-or-miss affair, a bunch of half-formed ideas that never coalesce into a satisfying shocker.
Southbound, is terse, significant work, efficiently felling frights and dread in a manner that may even resound with general audiences as well as genre aficionados.
It's a solid shocker throughout, with horror icon Larry Fessenden as our radio DJ guide to the menacing morality lessons.
There's something beautifully sandy and gritty about the majority of Southland's stories. America's highways are a never ending dustbowl of horror, interspersed with sad motels and grim gas stations and the atmosphere is enjoyably unsettling.
Southbound delivers more than its fair share of pulpy, grisly thrills with its quintet of creepy tales set on a suitably desolate stretch of highway.
Like practically every horror anthology in existence it doesn't totally hit the mark, but Southbound on the whole is a demented, weird and occasionally hilarious selection of genre shorts.
The much hyped anthology horror... ties five stories together as strangers running from their guilt collide on a stretch of desert highway that isn't all it appears to be. The linking is done brilliantly, especially between our two favourite segments.
Most anthology films have ups and downs. It's almost inevitable. Southbound is more even and has more connective tissue than most, but it does feature one segment that singlehandedly justifies seeing the whole movie.
What makes Southbound stand out is how all-round solid it is, its scary segments joined by a setting (driving through the desert) and a theme (guilt).
Southbound strives for unity and mostly succeeds.
What's unique about this collection is that everything is related in some way and it's truly extraordinary how everything comes together. Southbound is bloody imaginative and horrifically linked to jaw mutilating and bone crushing results.
There's 120 minutes of this lazy, unmotivated stuff.
To the littlest detail, it's derivative - and, worse, not scary.
Southbound ramps it up with a lot of panicky, US-brand xenophobia and-I'm assuming, given the film's general sense of despair-the terror that comes from realizing things were actually better in the Nixon era.
The filmmakers are given reign to their individual tales but always with the binding thread that makes "Southbound" the kind of horror film that even a non-fan of the genre, like me, can appreciate.
A nifty horror production, showing imagination with surprises and intensity.
"Southbound" packs a punch.
Southbound is that rarest of creatures: a satisfying horror anthology film.
Anthology movies, almost by definition, are mixed bags ... Southbound is no different.
Very flawed, but it works as a fun diversion with potential to live on as a midnight horror picture...
Despite its occasional slack, Southbound is still tightly knotted where so many other films of its type are frayed at the seams.
A rock-solid horror anthology that boasts numerous nasty surprises.
...one of the most rewarding horror anthologies to come down the pike, only one of its five stories treading water.
This entertaining-enough quartet of loosely interwoven terror tales falls right into the middle ground of horror omnibuses, with no outright duds but no truly memorable (or scary) segments either.
Tricksters and demons, vengeful spirits and serial killers, the hope of salvation and the lingering presence of Satan: These are the things that Southbound is made of.
[T]here's a sense of some overarching mythology to this highway. Each short reveals another aspect of it without giving away or explaining too much.
For all its gore and violence, stabs at tension and nightmarish intrigue, the film proves a slow-going, largely unsatisfying ride.
"Southbound" is something you don't see much anymore: an anthology horror film. Its five segments do what they're supposed to do - unsettle you - but as a bonus, they also leave you wanting more.
Just when we think we've got it all figured out, Southbound serves up another deliciously bloody twist.
Frankly, it's not even in the league of recent genre anthologies like A Christmas Horror Story and Tales of Halloween.
As the narrative rises and falls, the dark mood remains consistent.
With one notable exception, the quality of this horror anthology mostly heads in one direction: south.
Tacking the weakest segments onto the end of the film may leave some viewers exiting the theater with a shrug, but the interesting bits are original enough to stick.
Just as most of [the characters] can't outrun their pasts, neither can they escape familiar plot contrivances that try too hard and achieve too little.
The doings are cruel beauty. It's an eye-widening ride.
The overall effect is striking, and the best segment is so inspired that it lifts the rest of the film up with it.
The horror anthology genre gets a shot in the arm with Southbound, an uncommonly cohesive and intelligent example of the form.
Southbound is yet another contemporary horror film that belongs to seemingly every era but its own.
Loosely centered on a stretch of highway in the American West, this anthology of five horror tales is the rare group effort without a dud, as it cruises through variations on the genre with style and confidence.
Grab the keys, fill up the tank and head Southbound, this is a trip horror fans will enjoy taking.
There are monsters in Southbound that are among the best I've seen onscreen in a long time
A typically erratic anthology horror film...
Southbound is a crazy little open-road horror anthology that's a chilling, thrill-seeking blast, and while there are expected peaks and valleys, every short has its own horrific charms.
Southbound, like almost every anthology film ever made, is a mixed bag, but that said there are no absolute stinkers here.
Southbound reminded me of Creepshow in its twisted sense of humor and unpredictability. That's a major compliment.

@highlight

Southbound doesn't entirely avoid the jarring shifts common to anthology films, but thanks to some thrilling twists and turns, this horror road movie is a surprisingly smooth ride.