In Spring, though, the MacGuffin hijacks the film. Its "mystery" element is also its weakness.
The best part is its smart and sensitive way of allowing the dark fantasy to enhance its love story rather than overshadow.
Sort of like 'Before Sunrise,' but with tentacles.
It's an odd yet oddly engaging combination of horror, romance, and dark comedy, and it's certainly one of the most original genre films you'll see all year.
Think Before Sunrise as written by HP Lovecraft; or, a Richard Linklater version of Species.
The gene-splicing here is pretty intriguing.
Don't read anything else. Just see it. Spring is special.
As an experiment in what can be done once you tear down the boundaries of what defines certain genres, Spring is successful.
It's a film whose individual parts are perhaps more impressive than the whole, with innovative drone-cam shots, some special effects work which recalls John Carpenter's The Thing and two very committed and empathetic lead performances.
The film satisfies as a bloody black comedy with surprisingly insightful things to say about the heartbreaking power of fast-forged love.
Co-directors Benson and Moorhead cleverly maintain the likelihood of this most unlikely of holiday romances, taking their time to let the narrative breathe and flow.
Every so often, a film comes along that takes so weird a turn that it completely discombobulates the viewer. Spring is such a film.
A bit like a cross between Before Sunrise and An American Werewolf in London but nowhere near as good as either.
It's a monster movie with a heart and soul to go alongside its tentacles.
A cousin to Richard Linklater's 'Before Sunrise' trilogy, with little hints of Lynchian unease along the way.
The storytelling is unfussy but still implies backstory and emotional connections that take a while to become clear.
The two lead performances are delightful, as is the allegory the film spins about what love requires of us, and what it means to accept someone entirely.
It's rare indeed to find a modern horror film more interested in characters than plot or body count, and the naturalistic storytelling pays dividends.
While not perfect, low-budget Spring takes welcome risks with the creature-feature genre.
Even a not-so-great ending can't overturn everything that came before it.
This odd, funny and surprisingly sweet horror romance is highly recommended.
If it hits your sweet spot like it does mine, it combines two familiar things in wildly original ways. This is my Weird Date Night pick of the week.
A same-old male-ego-stroking romantic-wish-fulfillment fantasy becomes actually enraging when it adds a sci-fi-horror twist.
The love story at the center of Spring is mysterious, funny and often poignant -- a tough enough thing even to describe, let alone commit to film.
This oddball film's mashup innovations often come at the price of storytelling discipline and, to some extent, common sense.
Hides a few small joys for monster-movie fanatics looking for a throwback thrill.
There are strong elements and ideas at work in "Spring," and the filmmakers certainly have our attention moving forward. It seems, though, that they're still finding their voice and how to best communicate their good ideas.
An ambitious and often enchanting genre hybrid ...
The actors get a chance to create a real relationship, and they make the most of the opportunity.
A landmark of irresistible weirdness, "Spring" brings horror out of its long winter hibernation.
Starts as a downbeat beatdown of a bad luck drama, then blossoms into a European journey, a fraught romantic pursuit, a horror movie and, ultimately, a sweet, haunting enigma with layers of subtext.
Maintains unpredictability and sticks the landing for a great finish, anchored by winning chemistry from its central pair.
The protagonist of this low-budget indie is so well characterized that it might have developed into a straight drama instead of the horror movie it becomes, though of course that's the key to most good genre films.
Horror invades the proceedings, but it doesn't hijack them. The film continues to zig where others might zag.
Spring is refreshingly sincere and emotionally direct in addressing his confusion and grief, her standoffishness, and the hiccups in their relationship.
A genre-tinged affair abroad that proves as alluring and elusive as, well, love itself.
Justin Benson and Aaron Moorhead's Spring is a clever and severely romantic creature feature that, not unlike its dim-witted bro hero, is in desperate need of a woman's touch.
A profound and unshakable sense of unease pervades the entirety of Spring, from the opening scene all the way to the unexpected finish.
The suspense and pleasure of Justin Benson and Aaron Moorhead's talking-and-tentacles horror romance Spring lies in discovering what shape the film is going to take.
If Richard Linklater attempted a remake of Val Lewton's Cat People, the end result might resemble Spring.
It bridges the cautionary elements of a horror film with the wish-fulfilling platitudes of a touristy romance.
This is a romantic horror with sci-fi inflections and it's a stunning example of the power of cinema.
splices the DNA of Before Sunrise (1995) and Possession (1981) to engender a monster movie at the shoreline of biology and romance.
The film as a whole, in its imperfect quest for love, has a winning dark charm
Spring is a unique, engaging and utterly beguiling feature; one that smartly defies genre conventions at every turn.
I can only imagine discovering Spring as a teenager; I'm glad I discovered it at all.
Spring is both a whimsical love story and intensified creature feature, standing as one of the most artful interpretations of eternal romance achieved since, well, never.
An inventive original and leads to some stunning transformations and suspenseful sequences. Benson and Moorhead know how to manipulate the audience in a fun way. It's okay. You can trust them to take you on a good ride.
Spring is an ambitious work and really sticks the landing, with a phenomenal final scene. It also features great work from its two leads, and some really remarkable creature feature dynamics without overplaying those elements.

@highlight

Rich in atmosphere and intelligence, Spring is a singular horror film with a sneaky, lingering impact.