Everest is one of the most enjoyable natural disaster films in years thanks to its humanistic approach in creating awareness to a truly death-defying activity
Long on palm-sweat-inducing tension and large in scale, the production hits high notes courtesy of the talented ensemble and nature's beautiful (albeit humbling) splendor.
Along comes Everest, a brilliant dramatisation of tragically real events that, quite simply, is one of the most powerful and moving films I've seen all year.
Everest is not a triumphant story of human courage and sacrifice. It's a reminder-we are powerless in the face of Nature's indifference.
Since most of us will never see Mount Everest with our own eyes, this movie shows the best - and worst - of what it can offer.
Everest is three-fourths guide through the unrelenting onslaught of nature and one-fourth regretting the tour.
Hit-and-miss filmmaker Baltasar Kormákur delivers a strong opening stretch that effectively sets up the scenario and various characters...
Everest is one of those cinematic spectacles that doesn't insult the intelligence of its audience and tries to tell the truth about an extraordinary adventure as solidly and dramatically as it can.
Everest is nice to watch, and pretty impressive technically. But it becomes a bit of an effort after a while, and it's always hard to deeply sympathise with the thrill-seeking western climbers.
Kormákur genuflects to the tragedy without really shaping it; when it's time for the movie to face reality, it doesn't bring along much additional insight.
I don't usually suffer from chattering teeth and attacks of vertigo while watching a movie, but as this panorama of Himalayan disaster reached its climax I began to fear that I might need paramedics and an emergency evacuation.
This is a tale of hubris and tragedy, a reminder that pushing oneself solely for the point of pushing oneself is not a particularly good use of one's time on this planet.
Everest's uncanny realism is a big part of what keeps you in its icy thrall.
Stomach-turning 3-D puts you right over the black, bottomless crevasses on a shaky metal ladder. You may wish (like some of the climbers) that you hadn't come on this trip.
The film skillfully balances seriousness and spectacle, its surplus of rousing action beats ensuring that no one regrets the IMAX 3D surcharge.
In the end, it's perhaps Mother Nature that gives the best performance; she's never been more majestic on film.
A beautifully captured tale of bravery, human spirit and a battle for survival set against a gorgeous yet a merciless backdrop of the tallest mountain in the world.
Over the course of a fragmented 121 minutes we find ourselves lost in just as much of a snowy fog as those of the actors, who wander in and out of the frame as if uncertain as to whether the story even requires them.
Everest, the movie, in showing how the mountain conquers man, never explains the torturous trek's appeal, and that monstrous Himalayan peak ends up dwarfing the human stories here, struggling for air.
This is an impressive film-making achievement but those expecting to be moved by the story may well be left cold.
The stunning location photography stays with you much longer than the script's shortcomings. The mountain, as ever, has the last word.
The movie's first hour is a bit slow precisely because the filmmakers refuse to inject conventional dramatic elements... But it all pays off in the devastating finale.
The picture utilizes every bit of the expanded 3-D frame to provide an immersive experience. But that's combined with a real sense of brutality.
With visually stunning imagery and a solid A-list cast, this film just about transcends its oddly uninvolving story.
Spectacle film-making with a purpose, Everest is a welcome throwback to the testorone-heavy adventure flicks of past decades.
The struggle between human will and the mountain's unbending nature is conveyed in the most basic and obvious terms.
An interesting tale of tragedy and survival.
[Everest] remakes the experience as entertainment, invites you to observe but not feel the suffering, and invites you to pay for the privilege.
Thrilling, exhausting and ultimately devastating.
Harrowing, edge-of-the-seat stuff.
It's a solid disaster film that certainly isn't the feel-good movie of the year.
Kormákur's film excells because it never romanticizes the mountain and he doesn't drag the last moments of those who died in it. [Full review in Spanish]
Worth seeing for its terrifying action sequences and its stunning visuals, but it never delivers the expected emotional gut punch.
Everest splits the difference between documentary reenactment and hyped-up Hollywood drama.
Everest has a couple of good moments, however, nothing that moves you the way it's advertised. [Full review in Spanish]
The script emphasises the dangers, but fails to underscore that with a truly treacherous aesthetic environment.
For a movie about the world's biggest mountain, Everest feels small.
The film only seems to come to life when showing how challenging is the climb and how unpredictable and harsh mother nature can be.
Unfortunately, Everest's technical feats aren't matched by a subpar script from William Nicholson and Simon Beaufoy.
An adventure film of big scale that focuses on human drama. [Full review in Spanish]
In many ways, Everest harkens back to 1970s disaster films, just with smarter editing, more believable performances and better visuals.
The scenes of peril and danger don't have the breathtaking, gut-wrenching wallop you'd expect from a movie about people pitting themselves against the highest peak on the planet.
The really remarkable and effective thing about Everest is that, on a visual level, it's thoroughly convincing. There is not a single moment here that looks like it was computer-generated or shot against a green screen.
A lumbering nature-versus-man smackdown...Visually, it's a wash-out...much of the dialogue is incomprehensible .
Cria momentos palpáveis de tensão.
The film succeeds in showing the logistics necessary in such a climb, and the visuals do well in establishing where the many climbers were on the mountain and the beauty of this dangerous place.
Everest has high aims, but never really gets beyond ... base camp.
A chaotic and tasteless film. [Full review in Spanish]
It's an engrossing, exhilarating, terrifying film that should be experienced on an IMAX screen in 3D -- and for far more reasons than just "because it's there."
Shooting on location and in the Italian Alps, Kormakur emphasises the constant sloping height and tenuous links to safety.
The movie could possibly stand to be 10 minutes shorter, and characters become hard to distinguish as the snow and beards thicken, but it's riveting nonetheless, especially in IMAX 3-D, and utterly convincing.
Everest is relatively accurate, but it doesn't capture the ambivalent pull of risk/reward in high-altitude mountaineering.
For all the natural spectacle, the characters are what hold one's attention.
Great film with few flaws. Though I didn't realise that one of the few people to die on the mountain was even in the film until the last scene of the movie. Perhaps a bit more time on some of the supporting cast would have helped.
Intensely atmospheric and arduous - with spectacular, vertigo-inducing cinematography.
Dobbs, Isbell and Nicholson have created a script so dull that it affects the overall performance of its otherwise great cast. [Full review in Spanish]
With a name cast and some haunting images, this is also memorable for its amazing 3D imagery, and for sequences where the players look to be in real danger.
It's unlikely to have the massive success of Gravity, as it doesn't have quite the uplifting ending of that film (though God knows it tries), but it's worth watching just to see the places human beings should probably never tread.
Intense and breathtaking.
A very conventional disaster film. [Full review in Spanish]
Worthy of its name, Everest is a staggering and spectacular piece of cinema that deserves to be seen.
Thinly defines the characters but is visually a winner in every way.
It's the story of those climbing the giant beast of a mountain where the films true strength lies, as a cracking cast deliver solid work that will leave a lump in the throat and tear in the eye.
It serves in part as a memorial, a testament to the survivors, to those who tried desperately to rescue their teammates at enormous personal risk, and to the lives lost.
"Everest," in short, suffers from the same problem as Everest: overcrowding.
Unlike many mountain-disaster stories, this is the kind that makes you never want to look at a mountain again.
From the sound design to the spectacular cinematography, everything combines to create an uncanny sensation of being there.
Everest is one of those rare movies where it's a simple blockbuster that works really well... just an adventure that the audience gets to experience in a more immersive way.
The actual Everest may offer spectacle that is literally breathtaking, but as a movie Everest is like the air at the top: thin.
Technically it is a tour de force and the performances, as far as they go, are terrific ...
The quality of the cast is almost as impressive as the sight of some of the terrain that awaits them.
Powerful sound design effectively accentuates the sense of stormy isolation, giving the mountain the last word.
There's plenty to think about here and it's more than just a run-of-the-mill action film.
The most immersive film I've seen since "Gravity." If the theaters cranked the AC down to 10 degrees, you'd feel like you're on the mountain with them, especially when the skin-rippling winds thunder through the Dolby speakers.
Were William Castle still around and involved with this film, he would have had ice strewn all over theater floors and the AC cranked to 20 degrees. As it stands, Kormakur does enough via sight and sound to turn the Everest experience into one big chill.
As the wind whips and howls around the summit, you really do feel you are there on the mountain - and desperately thankful that you aren't.
Let's face it: This is what 3-D IMAX theaters are for. If ever you wanted to know just how small and insignificant you are when facing the full force of the natural world then this is your film.
Gorgeous visuals, an immensely talented cast, and a handful of harrowing moments create a compelling feature guaranteed to leave you disinterested in ever climbing Everest.
... doesn't soar to the emotional heights to which it aspires, but it provides some white-knuckle tension for those unfamiliar with the outcome, especially in the second half.
"Everest" is most like the old Cinerama movies where you could experience the world's highest roller coaster, without actually leaving your seat.
Director Baltasar Kormákur knows his way around the digitally fabricated high-altitude terrain, swooping in on cliffhanger scenarios and bringing us dizzyingly close to the edge, to vertigo, to something worthwhile.
Ultimately, "Everest" is an achievement of production, capturing the landscape in striking IMAX cinematography. It's also the compelling tale of mountains and the people who feel the need to conquer them, or be conquered in the process.
Everest is a sobering character story packed with bravery, horror, and humility - as well as thrilling tension.
This is one of those movies that should have been just a little dumber (more like The Towering Inferno) or a little smarter (more like 127 Hours).
A white-knuckle survival film with an outstanding cast.
The views of course, are stunning, and Kormákur and D.P. Salvatore Totino wield the camera to give a dizzying perspective on what the climbers are up against.
Ultimately, "Everest" succeeds in capturing the experience, putting you right there thousands of feet in the air where no man was meant to go.
I have no desire to climb any of the seven peaks, but being able to watch a movie like this gives me all the thrill I need, wrapped up in a two hour package.
The fundamental lesson of Mt. Everest is that it is bigger than humanity, bigger than life. This movie conveys that all too well.
Its narrative missteps notwithstanding, this is a movie on the grandest scale, one that really does induce a sense of awe.
Everest is a somewhat histrionic spin on a real-life tragedy.
If Kormákur's goal was to replicate the chaos of that day, he's succeeded...impresses more with its technical achievements than its storytelling.
Everest takes an inordinate amount of time to get the pieces in place. However, once the group departs base camp and begins the ascent, the film sloughs off its slow pace and transforms into a gripping tale of survival, life, and death.
Everest, for all the excitement it manages to generate, is a missed opportunity: mountain high, puddle deep.
Film has two big issues, one dramatic, one having to do with awful and stupid 3D conversion.
In spite of the excellent technical work and the efforts of a first-rate cast, "Everest" did not exhilarate or scare me as much as leave me flatly sad.
The movie, which is as visually stunning as anything you could hope to see put on celluloid, still manages to feel emotionally hollow.
Compelling tale of real-life expedition is intense, moving.
While it looks stunning, the result is a film that largely puts spectacle before substance, with this tragic story deserving of more.
Everest drags you close to the world's highest mountain, slams you down into an unworldly environment, and rams you through the wringer for a couple of hours while relatable, all too human members of a climbing expedition run into terrible luck.
While it might not be anything that's going to change how you see survival movies it will reconfirm one thing: climbing a mountain is not something you want to do.
The toggling between the base and various points along the way to the summit becomes stressful, then heartbreaking.
Kormákur gives us just enough about his various characters to care about them, and immerses his audience so fully in the experience that it's easy to sympathize even without a lot of character development.
A solid, respectful film that takes great pains in not "Hollywood-ing" up what is a very sad story. (Full Content Review - Violence, Peril, etc. - for Parents also available)
"Everest" is nothing but a long, slow climb. Without any peaks.
There is no tragic hero here; there is no overarching explanation, but a movie that offered either of those would seem pretty pat.
Aside from appearances, there's not much here to engage with.
The best argument in favor of what otherwise would be a pointlessly cruel loss of human life are the sweeping, heart-stoppingly beautiful mountain vistas. (See this one in IMAX if you can.)
"Everest" is a truly spectacular experience that deserves to be seen on the grandest scale possible.
This is a survival story marked by passivity, where those involved must simply bow down to the power of nature and hope for the best.
The only thing worth talking about on the car ride home is how they assembled such an impressive cast when most of them had nothing to do but 'be cold.'
The movie can't quite deliver the existential experience of being trapped in Everest's icy grip.
Beyond its snow-covered chaos and majestic views, there's little to draw you in and keep you invested.
Not the typical Hollywood crowd pleaser, on the contrary, and there's where its deep emotional impact resides. [Full review in Spanish]
The kind of movie you have to see in the big screen, a heartbreaking story about survival. [Full review in Spanish]
Komakur displays a varied range of resources with spectacular action but at the same time captures the eye with beautiful imagery. [Full review in Spanish]
As cold and distant as the scenery it shows, the way it represents it's characters never really transmits anything to the viewer. [Full review in Spanish]
The movie has epic aerial shots that help reconstruct the journey of the hikers and makes you feel like you're in the middle of the mountain with them. [Full review in Spanish]
Arrogant, unqualified, near indistinguishable people in parkas blocking spectacular scenery.
Filmed by cinematographer Salvatore Totino on the foothills of Everest as well as the Italian Alps, Everest drops us in the white beauty of the mountain and its myriad dangers at every step.
Thrilling, gripping and utterly heartbreaking, this is a triumph of what man can achieve, once we have the technology to do something about it.
Based on tragic events from 1996, this story of survival on the world's highest mountain feels surprisingly small.
As it turns out, Imax 3-D works better for yaks than it does for people.
With a harrowing story to tell, and this many characters, it's a given that character development will be sketchy. The good news is that this cast is capable of turning a little into a lot.
The grueling obstacles here bypass injury straight into a sort of Cronenberg on Ice body-horror show. You want mountain-climbing ecstasy? Go see "Meru." Harsh, humbling, haunting and exhausting, "Everest" chronicles the agony and skillfully so.
It feels less like an cautionary adventure movie or the classy Hollywood equivalent of a Reader's Digest "Drama in Real Life" and much more like a disaster epic.
Palpable life-and-death drama.
It's clear that the filmmakers have a great deal of reverence for everyone who was on the mountain that day, both those who survived and those who did not, and the movie, which was shot on location in Nepal, looks amazing.
The opening text lets you know that prior to 1996, no one had died during a commercial expedition to the world's highest peak. So now you know what's coming.
The film marches steadfastly past the comforts of melodrama and stakes its flag somewhere on the peaks of tragedy.
Spectacular and well-acted, this suffers from much the same problem as the situation it depicts - too many people on the mountain and too many threads to follow so that affecting individual stories get lost in the snow.
[A] somewhat puzzling, if ever-watchable, experience.
The mountain ... isn't the antagonist of Everest. That role belongs to the human body and its inability to handle what the mountain has to offer.
A thrilling homage to those fallen in their travels, where the mountain had the last word and became the tomb of those who dared to take on it. [Full review in Spanish]
The merit in Komákur's work is that he manages to use spectacle, action and horror in equal parts in this heartrending of survival. [Full review in Spanish]
The climbing sequences, which take up the bulk of the movie, pack a visceral punch.
If this oft-told tale of courage and folly is seen as a summit to be achieved, the script not only never makes it to base camp but seldom rises above sea level.
Almost in spite of thrilling visuals and a chillingly real situation so diligently covered for the most part, there remains a niggling feeling the movie is not making the emotional connection with the audience that it should.
Everest is a reminder that sometimes reality is better than fiction. [Full review in Spanish]
It looks beautiful and forbidding, with the IMAX 3D giving a sense of the awe-inspiring challenges the climbers faced.
Everest proves that there's no mountain high enough to cover up mediocrity. [Full review in Spanish]
So imposing is the mountain, and so realistically rendered by Salvatore Totino's camera (plus CGI imaging), it threatens to dwarf any attempt to bring a human element to the tale.
An all-star disaster movie lineup makes a surprising showing in the mountaineering thriller "Everest," combining to deliver the sort of restrained drama you might expect from a much smaller film.
A man vs. nature epic more realistic than most.
Schmaltz-free but not shock-free, horror-free, wonder-free.
Director Baltasar Kormákur takes moviegoers on a journey that is so spectacularly beautiful and terrifying that it's the closest thing to making the journey up the mountain without going to Nepal.
For all of the technical prowess surrounding the production, Kormákur never loses sight of the human element underpinning the tragedy.
Lingering between excitement and eulogy, Everest is like an inexperienced climber: eager enough to set out for the peak but caught halfway between success and failure.
The film is an unflinching sensory experience.
In 3D IMAX, a dizzying visual adventure that will knock the wind out of you. As personal drama, not so much.
From the technical perspective 'Everest' is a most impressive achievement....Unhappily, from the emotional perspective it's pretty much a slog.
Filled with stunning visuals and featuring more than a half-dozen of our best actors delivering solid performances... even though at times it's difficult to distinguish one climber from the next.
Everest is just as competently made as [Kormákur's] two action thrillers, and yet strangely, it's also as emotionally distant and perfunctory.
At times, it seems Kormákur treats the climbers and support teams as props. On one level, you become superficially concerned for those trapped on the mountain when the blizzard hits, but the film fails to dig deep into your psyche to allow much empathy.
At its core, the drama plays like a high-grade 1970s disaster movie pumped with eye-popping IMAX 3-D imagery that does wonders for breathtakingly scenic snowscapes, but not much for intimidatingly huge close-ups of actors' faces.
An intense and exciting survival story. [Full review in Spanish]
I knew no details and found myself caught up in the drama, even if parkas and goggles and wind-suppressed dialogue prevented me from understanding who was who at every turn.
"Everest" gets several things right, but it fails to find a way to make the average viewer relate to the people on the mountain.
Even before the air gets fatally thin, the thinness of the characterizations presents a liability.
Kormakur never quite latches on to the dramatic momentum. The pacing problems are compounded by some confusion in terms of mistakes that were made, and a difficulty identifying actors through the blizzard.
Everest is a harrowing cinematic experience that scales the many highs and lows of natural disaster films, jarring our emotions with each step on this slippery trail.
...the film loses its way as quickly as the climbers lose their footing.
Fictionalized accounts of real tragedy are not impenetrable. James Cameron made us feel for a ship full of characters we'd never met. "Everest" can't break that seal, and it's a handicap.
This horribly realistic disaster movie may be set at the highest point on the planet but the drama feels surprisingly flat.
Everest offers a gripping and refreshingly unsentimental reenactment of its grim true-life tale.
A lot scarier than Black Mass.
"Everest" is a sprawling mess of a movie, one you feel like could have been great but instead roams all over the place and winds up being just pretty good.
With its rigorous attention to the technical details of mountain climbing and its sensitive handling of the characters' relationships, it has a you-are-there immediacy unmatched by previous Everest movies.
It never seems to get anywhere, taking up space and time without managing to be especially memorable or imposing.
Despite a stellar cast and rock-solid performances throughout, the characterisation here is at best crude and at worst troublingly lazy... But the majesty of the mountain and the burning desire to brave its ascent become gripping.
Perhaps it doesn't promise the most appealing night at the movies, but "Everest" has a secure handle on human drama and naturalistic threat, and it retains an outstanding appreciation for big screen space.
Kormakur creates a convincing sense of the physical environment, the intensity of the experience, the sound and physical impact of extreme weather. He can't do much to convey, however, the mystery and essence of what draws people to this endeavour.
Kormakur hasn't ever worked at this scale before, but he does a solid job of mixing awe-inspiring vistas with impactful, quieter moments and doesn't overdo the 3-D.
Like the mountain for which it's named, "Everest" is rock solid. It's big, it's beautiful, it's terrifying, and it's merciless to both its characters and the audience.
The film is pretty long and frankly it feels it, partly because it spends too much time padding out unnecessary individual backstories.
Everest has compelling performances and harrowing action - despite being a little under-developed in the first act.
It's Everest. It should be scarier than the film's digitized blue skies and gobs of snow makeup on actors, as they sob into microphones that they've made huge mistakes. These dudes do it just because they can. And as always, pride comes before the fall.
This white-knuckler, about an ill-fated ascent to Mount Everest, is a harrowing and haunting force of nature.
Stressful, unnerving, and technically impressive, even if it does end up feeling like a deflated balloon by the end.
Admirable in its authenticity and avoidance of sensationalism.
Everest is... dramatized so authentically that a little embellishment would help. Freezing to death isn't very cinematic... essentially a faux documentary with big stars and better lighting.
Intense, riveting and soaring on the type of jaw-dropping visuals one would expect from an IMAX documentary about Everest , it's an entirely immersive cinematic experience.
One half of the film is a harrowing and emotionally resonate story...The other half, is a massively underdeveloped story, chalk full of celebrity heads that are thrust into a movie that offers no type of care and engagement for the audience to latch onto.
This is what big screen spectacle used to be -- human, epic, with Mother Nature the greatest horror anybody involved faces
Gorgeous, National-Geographic style photography cannot compensate for a clunky narrative and vague characterizations, which militate against emotional impact.
This rarely goes deep enough to make for a true character piece.
Everest is visually splendid, though it loses a few points for its murkiness in rendering its main characters as distinct individuals.
Few in the ensemble cast get personalities, though Josh Brolin's good ole boy doctor Beck Weathers - rolling into the club in a Bob Dole shirt and quick to boast of his '100 percent Texan' bona fides - has enough spirit to fill three IMAX screens.
If it's vertiginous thrills and tragedy you seek, this is the place. If it's depth of character rather than of crevasses, perhaps not.
A spectacular, heart-stopping adventure that has you catching your breath and gasping in shock. See it in IMAX 3D for an enrapturing you-are-there feeling.
The grand, operatic beauty of the mountain range is superbly captured, as tiny morsels of humanity crawl up its sheer walls of ice and snow
The mountain is the star in this high-altitude 3D drama in which life and death lurks around every treacherous corner
Shot in stomach-knotting 3D, it has the same white-knuckle intensity as Alfonso Cuarón's Gravity. Placing you firmly on the mountain, the film makes you feel the vertigo, the rush of blood to the head.
A sharply structured, intelligent and faithful dramatisation.
Meticulous account of a doomed 1996 expedition to the peak of Mount Everest impresses with its arduous location shooting and moments of high tension.
A commentary on the exploitation and trivialization on the Himalayan excursions and, though maybe a little naive, a metaphor of man trying to reach god. [Full review in Spanish]
Kormákur's vast, encompassing vision thematically broaches the existential drive that consumes extreme climbers, questioning both the brusque heroism and innate fatalism of those that attempt to conquer such harsh climes.
The movie's greatest strength is ultimately its visuals, which powerfully capture the scale, beauty, danger and fatal, vertigo-inducing grandeur of Everest and its surroundings.
The moral of the story is of course that in the battle of puny man vs the grandeur of nature, nature will always win. It's just a shame that "Everest," its human drama swamped by spectacle, embodies that truism quite so literally.
The hardship of the trek is vividly and stomach-lurchingly portrayed, particularly when the storm sets in, but it never makes the crucial leap from the screen into your bones.
As fine as the cast is (with Knightley turning in a small but genuinely affecting performance), the film's stand-out star is right there in the title.
Shot in Nepal and the Italian Alps, cinematographer Salvatore Totino has a lot to work with and he makes the most of it. The technical aspects of this grueling film are superb throughout.
As appalling as the events it depicts may have been, the plodding narrative and weak characterisation mean that, as a piece of cinema, it never gets beyond the foothills.
Its screenwriters ... have Gladiator and 127 Hours to their names, and Everest combines the muscular, sometimes sentimental force of the former with the sense of physical endurance that made the latter so successful.
Everest is immensely thrilling and beautifully shot ... but there really is that nagging feeling of, "They put themselves in a position where they knew they might die."
No one pays IMAX ticket prices for nuanced human drama, and the film's dizzying climbing scenes and vertiginous don't-look-down moments are what give it its heart-quickening power.
Tries and fails to spin too many plates. Each of those real-life climbers no doubt had an interesting story to tell, but when shoved together like this they're all reduced to types rather than people.
Everest offers a gripping and refreshingly unsentimental reenactment of its grim true-life tale.
A nausea-inspiring adventure.
Although hardly a peak achievement, Baltasar Kormakur's Himalayan epic is a properly grueling, strikingly unsentimental chronicle of the 1996 Mount Everest tragedy.
With its perilous central premise and gallery of individuals some of whom are destined not to make it, you could say Everest is a disaster movie in the old Hollywood sense of the term, but it doesn't feel like one. And that's a good thing.
While it's impossible not to be somewhat caught up in these climbers' life-or-death struggle, "Everest" is oddly uninvolving -- it depicts a horrific scenario in an underwhelming, distancing way.
At the end of the film, audiences may feel they have laboriously made the summit, and come back - without getting much of a view.
An epic story of man vs. nature that still feels authentic without ever skimping on the drama or suspense.
A big, brassy '70s-style disaster movie which wears its clichés lightly and packs a hefty emotional punch.

@highlight

Everest boasts all the dizzying cinematography a person could hope to get out a movie about mountain climbers, even if it's content to tread less challenging narrative terrain.