A would-be blacker-than-black comedy that is so misconceived and so wretchedly executed that I have no trouble in putting it down as one of the most unpleasant afternoons I've ever spent in the cinema.
Hoult is a fine actor for sure but he's just too damn good-looking and smooth as the dark-hearted record company man. Hoult's craven A&R man has the killer instinct but his insecurities never seem entirely convincing.
Saturates itself in nihilistic excess while presenting an uncompromisingly grim portrait of the recording industry. What is has to say, however, eventually grows stale as its narrative repetitively hits the same beats again and again.
As adapted by screenwriter John Niven from his own novel, Kill Your Friends has a decidedly been-there, killed-that feel to it.
Nicholas Hoult shines in this blackest of black comedies.
The cynical film might be more annoying than eyeopening but the soundtrack kicks, as it features groups like Blur, Oasis and Radiohead.
Sometimes bad behavior can be entertaining, but in this cynical story of the music industry, it's simply depressing. There's no vicarious thrill, no exhilaration, only uninspired, unpunished meanness.
... leaves little room for emotional investment in such aggressively objectionable characters.
Nobody's here to care about, so all we want is to get out.
Mistakenly thinks a lot of profanity, ugliness and bloodshed [...] are, in and of themselves, enough to sustain a satire about showbiz ruthlessness.
Everyone is horrible all the time-so when they do horrible things to each other, the result is a chuckle rather than a vicious bite. The music business is cutthroat, we get it.
"Kill Your Friends" goes to some ugly places, but it keeps a sturdy sense of rhythm.
Watching "Kill Your Friends" unfold is not dissimilar to being at a party where someone's clever one-liner lulls you into a conversation that reveals a bitterly immature, dismissively one-note lout, after which you're trapped.
Anchoring the pungent 1990s ambience is Mr. Hoult, easily oozing cool charisma.
Though the script is full of arch, darkly funny observations, the movie gets stuck on the same clanging chord of all-hating cynicism.
Even a film that at one point uses 'Karma Police' both earnestly and sarcastically can't fully atone for times that simply scream generic nihilism.
Being mean and nasty is all the film has going for it, and "Kill Your Friends" keeps skipping back to that like a warped LP.
A more disagreeable collection of cynical, backstabbing, self-aggrandizing, shallow, vicious and vile specimens of humanity gathered together in a single motion picture would be difficult to conceive of.
At least Hoult is trying to do something different, but his effort can't prop up the feature, which slowly loses focus and timing, ending up an uninspired mess.
Takes the obvious jabs at record labels, shows its cards early and spends the rest of the time humming the same tune.
Kill Your Friends is a bleak, narcissistic thriller about slicing your way to the top, but its relentless mean-streak comes across a bit too brash for comfort, or enjoyment.
Derivative of American Psycho but entertaining.
Turning the sociopathic cynicism up to eleven tends to be ineffective unless wit and insight are included in the mix.
The film's failed satire can't help but bolster Steven's antihero charisma.
Kill Your Friends is based on a novel of the same name by John Niven, which on the strength of this ghastly mess I have vowed never to read.
For all his flexing, Hoult is ultimately insubstantial and unconvincing as a homicidal drug hoover and Machiavellian scourge.
A problem of tone -- it wallows in grim when it should be gleeful and wicked.
Hoult swaggers through the blood-soaked melee in style, and director Harris conjures hallucinogenic sequences of wanton drug-taking and slaughter, while Niven... ensures plenty of belly laughs. But there is such a thing as too much ghoulishness.
First-time director Owen Harris boldly attempts a comedy even blacker than American Psycho or Filth with this 1990s Britpop satire, but he never quite gets the tone right.
At no point did I give a monkey's about what happened to Nicholas Hoult's murderous, vacuous A&R man in this muddled Brit flick.
Perhaps there's a great movie to be made about the final bacchanalian days of the pre-Napster music industry, but Kill Your Friends isn't it.
Stelfox is a bore and the picture lacks the energy, comedy and purpose of an American Psycho or The Wolf Of Wall Street.
Hoult is a sharp performer but understandably struggles to find dark humour in cringe-worthy shock jock lines such as: "This music is the biggest insult to humanity since a roomful of Nazis first cooed over the blueprints for Auschwitz."
The rock bands, as is so often the case in movies, are no more convincing than the group that once won ironic favour in a Kit Kat commercial.
Hoult (the film's executive producer) is either miscast, the victim of terrible direction or trying to convey, through a lacklustre performance, that his faith in the material was misplaced.
It's not big and it's not clever, but this excess-all-areas dark comedy is, mostly, a guilty pleasure.
The film's redeeming factor is its giddy sense of excess. Like the protagonist of The Wolf of Wall Street, Stelfox pushes everything to absolute extremes.
The real problem is nobody appears to be real.
It features a memorable tap-a-long soundtrack (Radiohead, Blur, Oasis, the Prodigy, etc) and a woefully miscast Nicholas Hoult.
A lairy, sweary and utterly joyless dirge through nineties music industry malaise.
Nicholas Hoult does his best to bring Niven's weapons-grade scumbag to life, in a film hobbled by amateurish acting and absence of production value.
The screenplay was adapted by John Niven from his own 2008 novel, and he makes the classic novelist's mistake of assuming that the best way to preserve the voice of his original work is by transplanting as many words as possible from it into the script.
A grubby and gruellingly mean-spirited feature film.
Kill Your Friends starts out an enjoyably nasty satire of the music industry, but loses focus when a thriller element is thrown into the mix.
Nicholas Hoult is Patrick Bateman by way of Peytr Baelish, yet still blokey enough you'd probably have a pint with him.
It's a dog eat dog world - and let's just say there are a lot of very hungry people in this particular endeavour.
This is blackly comic fun, anchored by a nicely controlled performance from Nicholas Hoult, though it's ultimately undone by the very lack of heart it supposedly celebrates.
We already have one American Psycho, and sadly for this adaptation of John Niven's book there was no need for a matching British Psycho, even one based in a different industry and played by a hot young thing.
Fitfully amusing but too tired to convince.
A lean, mean spoof on the music industry for those who believe The X Factor marks the decline of western civilisation.
A film that does not so much scream as bludgeon its debt to American Psycho and The Wolf Of Wall Street, without being remotely as good as either.
An exposé of the music industry that takes superficially sinister turns yet lacks the comic chops or dynamism to amuse or excite.
It's as if Niven fears any glimpse of humanity might risk the project's integrity, but the lack of human empathy ultimately becomes this project's biggest handicap.
Nicholas Hoult embodies the psychosis of the 1990s British music industry in this initially sharp, increasingly tiresome and violent satire.
As the film frequently informs you, these are bad people doing bad things to bad people. Many times. Over and over. Again. And again.
Kill Your Friends is effective and enjoyable in the way that dusty music compilations are.
"The film doesn't trust its audience enough to keep up with the joke. As a result, the movie toggles back and forth between a pulpy crime drama and a zany satire. "

@highlight

Kill Your Friends takes futile stabs at black comedy, all strangled by a glut of tonal jumbles, bad casting, and unremittingly unlikable characters.