Never Let Me Go is an unrelentingly bleak film in which you watch these three characters grow up and march towards their doom.
The lack of dramatic tension means it's difficult to emotionally connect with the central characters and their dilemma.
Only when the girls team up does the film start to fulfill its promise.
The script could have done better to translate the concept. It works as a big picture concept, but doesn't get the treatment it deserves here.
It is gorgeous and sad.
What makes this film so haunting is not simply its frightening take on our near future (treating as if it's the recent past): it's also in the film's gorgeous photography and dreamy music.
Emotionally stunted at times, Never Let Me Go gets lost in its own melancholy and fails to live up to its potential.
a beautifully acted and heartbreaking story of young love, but it opens up more thoughts that just from that angle of storytelling
Melancholy, poignant and chilling
I came to this film knowing nothing about it, except that it was based on the highly-acclaimed novel by Kazuo Ishiguru. I had no foreknowledge of its story or premise-and I'm glad...
Melancholy and futility define this subtle future-set drama about three children who grow up knowing that they'll never own themselves or their own bodies.
Although [the] film adaptation does indeed fall short of the brilliance of the source material (and will likely distance viewers even more than the book ever did), it manages to convey the novel's most important themes, and most affecting moments.
Mark Romanek manages to make that very real(ish) world look and feel totally alien and hermetically sealed, a gray/blue/green/brown tragedy terrarium that both perfectly colorless and incredibly, inescapably sad.
It's also a film which affirms what is valuable about life. I think this film is a must-see.
Though often moving at a glacial pace, this mood piece -- aptly described as a refined romantic drama with a cerebral sci-fi twist -- rarely stays in the same place for long.
We are rewarded with many scenes of poignant beauty and touching performances in the central roles.
Director Mark Romanek (One Hour Photo) gives the slow-burning adult drama a nostalgic, almost lyrical glow where hope and acceptance override any impulse to rebel or even question.
Whilst I was intrigued by certain elements, I left the theatre with a feeling of disappointment. It was like I hadn't seen the whole story.
As a triangular love story, this doesn't really soar either, despite good performances from a hip young cast, and the end result is that a story that should have been terribly affecting, isn't.
Real men will see this and weep, as I did. It is one of the most moving and profound films in a long time.
It is a downer -- a heavy downer -- there's absolutely no denying that. I recommend it highly, but not if you're looking at something light to cheer you up.
Driven by terrific lead performances, this achingly beautiful work challenges audiences emotionally and intellectually.
While it's not exactly uplifting, this touching tale effectively tackles confronting questions for mankind with nothing but grace.
Never Let Me Go offers an awful, enduring insight into what it must be like to have your entire being dismissed as well.
Never Let Me Go is such a curiously muted viewing experience. Everything is there for a three-tissue weepie, but it never quite comes together.
It's a subtle film of nuances, played out as an emotional journey of three people in not a future setting but the reinvented recent past.
A sobering film
Never Let Me Go is a beautiful and satisfyingly melancholic story of mortality, destiny, love and loss.
Poderia ser perfeitamente descrito como uma combinação curiosa entre Vestígios do Dia e o clássico 1984.
A film that wants to cry, but can't remember how.
Director Mark Romanek and cinematographer Adam Kimmel employ a nostalgic and otherworldly visual sensibility to evoke the golden years of innocence and ignorance.
Despite the grinding bleakness, it's a tremendous film.
Romanek deploys an elegant, deceptively simple visual style here which helps keep the subtle performances front and centre. The end result is a low-key sci-fi film that's strange and sad.
Daft and dull.
Achingly sad at times, with outstanding performances, it avoids tedious dissection of the issues it raises, making for a careful, delicate meditation on the value and fleeting nature of time and human life.
The piece comes across as uneventful, devoid of tension and disappointingly superficial in its view of a parallel dystopia.
It is a film almost unremittingly hopeless in its cruel finality, packing a crucial emotional punch, ending with a chilling monologue that reminds us of the tale's universality.
Deeply moving.
While the film has powerful individual scenes and the performances of Mulligan and Garfield convey the anguish of their plight, the work as a whole remains curiously uninvolving.
I am told by Ishiguro fans that only stone-hearted people fail to weep at the tale's outcome on the page. The film, by its form's nature, puts too much reality before us.
Pretty, empty, and immediately forgettable.
Understated, ethereal British elegance in its style and cinematography ... churlish and unforgiving in love and life, and one of the most discreetly disturbing films you will see.
A compelling film which lingers in the memory after viewing.
Pragmatic and bound by grim duty drilled into her and her friends, Mulligan's Kathy is a masterclass in contained sadness and nothing less than remarkable.
Why the hell is this film not on the awards shortlists? Were voters THAT turned off when the cast turned up bongoed on Moet on Film 2010? Or did they just need to make sure there was room on the best actress roster for Annette Ruddy Bening?
A beautifully realised adaptation of a profoundly affecting novel.
The movie may be too understated for its own good ultimately . . .
The pupils' failure to question their fate plays more like lethargy than tragically repressed emotion.
Rather than create a haunting nightmarish history from which we may be unable to awake from today, the use of [the] anachronistic trope in 'Never Let Me Go' only de-empathizes the audience from the film's bigger and brighter ideas.
Structurally and emotionally, Never Let Me Go is a mess, a sci-fi love triangle that left me completely cold.
Mulligan is brilliant again but this chilly, sci-fi love story gets mired in tedium and frustrates with lots of unanswered questions-probably by design.
Nothing about this movie is casual. Perhaps the most impeccably-shot film of the year, every quiet word, every move, every unspoken desire leads us, if we so choose, to reflect on our own paths.
Revels in a simplicity that appears to be reaching for the profound, though it can't quite make it.
This is not the way human beings behave. But, suspending disbelief on this, the rest of the film is very well made and it does allow some important perspectives on thorny moral issues.
An uneven effort.
Mulligan is the lynchpin of this film; her doe-eyed softness and melancholy smile perfectly encapsulating our heroine.
An impeccably told story that failed to break my heart
The performances ... are uniformly great and Romanek's direction holds the whole thing together right up until the last act, where it begins to fall apart a bit.
It is a period piece, it is a sci-fi drama, it is a romance. There even is a dash of horror in there. It's an unlikely melange, but it combines for something both refreshingly original and quietly affecting.
Occasionally moments of heartbreaking emotionally honesty bring this science fiction clone film to life
... I suspect for anyone who was not enchanted by the novel, it is a tale that remains unsatisfying and empty ...
Hands-down the best film I saw this week. It's also one of the most depressing.
Can be viewed as a sort of update of the Frankenstein myth, moved to the more clinical and less pious miracles-of-science era of the late 20th century; as in Mary Shelley's novel, the definition of humanity -- the soul, even -- is a primary concern.
The film withholds the explicit fear and passion that another kind of treatment might have aimed for, but it works as a cogent, subdued parable of mortality.
Based on the Kazuo Ishiguro novel, this haunting drama may be set in a parallel reality, but what it has to say about human hopes and societal ambition is deeply relevant. It's also beautifully directed and acted.
Beautifully shot, superbly written and powerfully emotional, this is a haunting, sci-fi tinged drama with terrific performances from both the three leads and the child actors playing their younger selves.
Fashioning the book's secrets into thriller-ish twists would have been the absolute worst decision Alex Garland's screenplay might have made, and it's much too smart and controlled for that. Still, it's possible to wish it were a little more radical.
It's all so lamely poetic.
Like all the best sci-fi, it's about how we live now, rather than the future.
Subtle, solemn and strangely ponderous, it's exquisitely mounted but filled with chilling despair.
A fairly good movie that had greatness within its grasp.
Never Let Me Go offers a potent blend of intriguing premise, fine acting and quiet poignancy. Usually this would leave me an emotional wreck. Yet it didn't.
A sad, beautiful, thought-provoking picture that works on many different levels.
Never Let Me Go is gorgeous. And depressing. It's exquisitely acted. And depressing. It's romantic, profound and superbly crafted, shot with the self-contained radiance of a snow globe. And it's depressing.
Oddly cold and detached, as if director Mark Romanek and screenwriter Alex Garland couldn't decide precisely how to interpret Kazuo Ishiguro's popular novel and so they just laid it out flat. And flat it feels.
Like great science fiction should, it serves as an allegory and inspires some deep thinking about the world we live in now.
Anyone who saw the Oscar-nominated Mulligan in An Education knows what she can do. If you didn't, you're in for the kind of quietly revelatory acting that portends a brilliant career.
It's Knightley, with her slow waking to bitterness, who stuns in a secondary role.
As a genius work of art, as an experience that will leave some cold and others clamoring for the right level of praise, Never Let Me Go surpasses expectation.
The movie is 90 minutes of stiff-upper-lip longing followed by 10 minutes of abruptly interesting resolution, then end credits that the film didn't compel me to stick around for.
The world depicted in Mark Romanek's Never Let Me Go is among the more beautiful dystopias in film history.
Romanek creates a claustrophobic, emotionally complex and potentially profound portrait of humanity reshaped by what has become scientifically possible.
For all of its hot-button medical-ethical issues, Never Let Me Go avoids sci-fi cliches. Young Izzy Meikle-Small almost steals the whole movie.
Never Let Me Go, director Mark Romanek's introspective adaptation of Kazuo Ishiguro's novel, is a work of subtle beauty -- a melancholy meditation on the finality of life and the choices we make as our time shortens.
An intriguing and mostly successful combination of science fiction and chamber drama.
[C]om[es] at its horrors gently, almost idyllically... This is science fiction of a keen but subtle sort... so gorgeously delicate and lovely a film that it?s almost impossible to convey how (appropriately) horrific it is...
A picture of immense sadness and resignation, but those blue corners create a riveting sit...an exquisite, artful tragedy of a motion picture. A film not to be missed.
At the risk of accusing the book of same, the whole thing reeks of fear of genre.
Takes a scintilla of an interesting premise and blows it, thanks to lackluster storytelling, unimpressive performances and numerous plot holes, including one so humongous that it's quite possibly larger than the movie itself.
Romanek's cast is up to the task, but Ishiguro's hybrid of science fiction and coming-of-age drama is less than enchanting.
Never Let Me Go is strangely moving and mournful, but I wish more had been made of the beauty these people are relinquishing, if only as a counterweight to all that artful drear.
The momentum drags and the overall experience becomes tiresome, especially when you're more likely to be questioning the whys rather than feeling for the characters' horrible plight. (Parental Review also Available)
Never Let Me Go is one of the more original movies you'll see this year, but the lack of emotional heft proves to be deadly. Still, as near misses go, it's the kind of 'mistake' we'd like to see Hollywood make more often.
Lots and lots of extremely classy tastefulness that leaves the film not just restrained, but practically mummified.
It does things right as a character study and maintains the ambiguity that the Michael Bay version needed.
It's the impending emptiness that is buoyed by Carey Mulligan and her sad smile (think Katie Holmes with something more than an attractive face behind it) and the striking, dark photography that posits the entire film as if it were in mourning.
Never Let Me Go settles for the worst of two genres - the dreary arthouse film and the sci-fi feature.
The majority of Never Let Me Go focuses on the love triangle, to snoozy effect.
...a handsome, dutiful adaptation, yet like so many reverent movies based on acclaimed books, it's lifeless.
As delicate and docile as its doomed doe-eyed clones, Never Let Me Go has a soul -- just not much of a pulse.
While it's true that the material does demand restraint, there's too much of it here. But there's a hot, slow-burning fire missing that needs to be present, particularly when the stakes are this high.
The emotional impact creeps up on the reader only gradually. Then, bam, it hits forcefully, memorably, and, yes, never lets us go.
The theme of Ishiguro's novel -- that we all construct delicate fictions to mask the dehumanization of modern life -- proves so elusive onscreen that by the last scene it has to be spelled out in a clumsy, didactic voice-over.
The movie amounts to a prolonged sigh.
Director Mark Romanek ("One Hour Photo") has taken Kazuo Ishiguro's ("Remains of the Day") award-winning novel of the same name, and with great care turns it into a remarkable movie.
Knightley, Garfield and Mulligan are captivating in this film, and Mulligan even surpasses her Oscar-nominated role in "An Education".
Never Let Me Go is easily one of the most hard-hitting, sick, twisted, demented, disturbing, beautiful and emotional films I have seen in a while.
A genre-bending, tender, and provocative gem about what it means to be human, a film that should provide plenty of discussion fodder for thoughtful filmgoers.
I won't soon forget Kathy, Tommy, and Ruth and that's the film's most essential accomplishment. They haunt you.
The fact that the truest horror happens off screen is haunting.
Movies about banality are, for reasons that are all too clear, often banal themselves.
The combination of social anguish and dark chill in Never Let Me Go packs a quietly devastating punch.
A science-fiction story with virtually no science-fiction elements, it's instead a subdued drama about people trying to figure out the purpose of their lives and come to terms with their limited time -- which, of course, means it's about everyone.
I was so crazy about the book that I was skeptical about a movie doing it justice. But it does.
It may rob the film of drama, but Romanek has erred on the side of quality, crafting a beautifully cast and artfully rendered allegory of lost youth and trampled innocence.
It should be absolutely devastating. Instead, it only manages politely truthful.
Never Let Me Go is a touching, thoughtful, sublimely acted prestige drama based on a fantasy premise.
You couldn't find three better actors on either side of the pond (to say nothing of Beijing or Bollywood), so it's a disappointment to see the talented cast try so hard to breathe emotional life into this sterile movie.
.. Ishiguro's work is actually better suited to Romanek's dreamy visuals than the page.
Never Let Me Go is sci-fi for the Belle & Sebastian set.
Never Let Me Go could have been assembled from the Merchant-Ivory kit. It's stale with suppressed anguish.
The unsettling secret emerges from the bag early on, and then the story doesn't expand on it. Why don't the main characters lash out about their devastating circumstances?
The film is a success. It works. Greatness eludes it, yes. But greatness eludes almost every film adaptation of a major novel, which we must remember when confronted by a good one.
Never Let Me Go would have made a serious error in ramping up contrived melodrama toward some sort of science-fiction showdown. This is a movie about empathy.
I felt more connection to, and sympathy for, these characters in their far-fetched situation than I've felt for a lot of "normal" fictional people lately.
Like a didactic episode of 'The Twilight Zone' told in slow-motion...turn[s] what's essentially pulp material into a artsy, pretentious tearjerker.
Dreamily photographed, oddly muted...
Romanek, a highly respected music video director making his follow-up to One Hour Photo, has crafted a motion picture that is as visually impressive as it is emotionally distant.
An exemplary case of exceptional storytelling.
Undoubtedly a considerable improvement over Kazuo Ishiguro's nigh unreadable novel...
The movie is a zombie art picture. And nothing in it takes hold of us emotionally.
Strangely, Romanek often feels disarmed of exactly these vital organs that might have made him a sturdy, sharp renderer of this story. One senses he's too saddened by the tale he is spinning to take a risk on a demanding image.
Gorgeous and haunting, Never Let Me Go is a thing of dreamy imagery and subtle notions. Powerful performances by its three young leads deserve to be remembered come awards season.
Romanek may not be able to connect all the emotional dots but he links just enough of them to make taking the journey worthwhile.
Romanek does so many difficult things beautifully in this movie, which richly deserves the Oscar consideration it will surely receive.
...a story of familiar human truths, few of them welcome.
For its delicate tone, provocative themes, impeccable craftsmanship and superb performances -- by Carey Mulligan, Andrew Garfield and Keira Knightley -- Never Let Me Go earned my great admiration.
Romanek does an extraordinary job translating Ishiguro's deliberate, almost excruciating pace onto the big screen: His images haunt us in much the same way the author's words do.
It unfolds with the beautiful poisoned grace of a viper readying to strike. ... it haunts and hurts in equal measure.
Meticulously made and never less than interesting. It develops and sustains a specific, eerily effective mood that's hard to describe.
The movie is uneven, largely because it's trying something unusual and ambitious. But that unusual ambition also makes it deeply moving.
consistent and cohesive, if admittedly languid
Here's a movie you can't get out of your head, a sci-fi horror story with the seductive allure of a classic romance.
Hamstrung by a serious bummer of a premise that suffocates the production and leaves it too wrapped up in its self-perceived grand, conceptual significance.
A mopey period piece love triangle and air-quote sci-fi drama whose doomed love affair never catches fire. If none of these characters can be roused to try to escape their fate, why should an audience care?
It is a film that the author's fans and lovers of mature, measured storytelling will embrace.
Science fiction movies don't come much more ponderous than the beautifully filmed Never Let Me Go, which reduces the debate over genetic engineering to a mild, moist romantic soap opera.
Romanek has a genuine, acquired understanding of pop's prevarications. He means to avoid triviality and bring emotional and visual gravity to the experience of youth, yet doesn't seem to grasp that Ishiguro's concept is daft.
It's a very tony fantasy of class oppression and fascist medical exploitation (themes that may speak louder in England), but it's a lyrically inert movie.
Philosophically provocative and achingly sad, Never Let Me Go manages to touch the mind and the heart at once, and with equal measure.
The film's conceit begins to crumble under the weight of unpersuasive details.
Depressing, but beautifully crafted.
Everything is in its place, including the overly tidied-up meaning.
If there was a way to make this romantic mystery as stirring on screen as it was on the page [Mark] Romanek hasn't found it. But his film works in a modest way.
Ishiguro's book was an unconvincing blend of repressed romance and speculative fiction, with superficial too-polite prose and a clunky approach to narrative secrecy that wouldn't fool the gang on Scooby-Doo.
This is a moving and provocative film that initially unsettles, then disturbs and finally haunts you well into the night.
Never Let Me Go would drift from memory if it weren't for Mulligan's face of loss, hope, and aggrieved empathy -- a look that's hard to let go.
While the movie doesn't stoop to synopsizing its source material, we need some explanation why these kids aren't in a car and on the lam.
Pervaded by a cosmic wistfulness, the movie Never Let Me Go is melancholy where the novel is haunting.
Never Let Me Go is a horror movie of a sort, but the horrors are not the kind that come leaping wetly off the screen; instead, they build up in your mind like a toxic silt.
Part of the joy of viewing the film 'Never Let Me Go' or engrossing yourself within the pages of Kazuo Ishiguro's acclaimed book on which it's based, is slowly perceiving the dystopian nature of the tale.
This is a hard movie to shake. That's a good thing, by the way. Not as devastating as Kazuo Ishiguro's astounding novel, this heart achingly beautiful film still resonates.
Some people may appreciate its original take on a not particularly original premise ... others are likely to find it too tedious and depressing to put much thought into what the filmmakers were trying to accomplish.
A more admirable movie than a lovable one, but director Mark Romanek has so faithfully adapted Ishiguro's novel with such grace that it's moving in its own quiet way.
Director Mark Romanek creates a quiet, leisurely pace that would not be out of place in a yoga class.
If you don't completely scoff at Romanek's vision, it's because its ambivalence isn't exactly far from Ishiguro's own stiff upper lip.
The movie works beautifully even if you know what's coming and knowing it makes the film's strangely beautiful early scenes even more poignant.
If you're overly nervous about knowing anything about the movie, then just know that I recommend the film with one caveat: this movie will not hold your hand. Whatever reactions you have to it will be earned, not spoon-fed.
Haunting, heartbreaking adaptation of the Ishiguro novel features a superb cast and inspired direction and cinematography...and a unique comingling of genres.
Lugubrious study of the perils of genetic engineering.
That rare find, a fragile little four-leaf clover of a movie that's emotionally devastating, yet all too easily trampled by cynics.




@highlight

With Never Let Me Go , Mark Romanek has delivered a graceful adaptation that captures the spirit of the Ishiguro novel -- which will be precisely the problem for some viewers.