The parallels between religion and hollow TV celebrity addiction are belaboured in this overdrawn satire that ends up as an eloquently shot study of a deluded man's disintegration.
It's all very well done, with evocative character actors like those used by Fellini, and settings reminiscent of Vittorio De Sica's 1960s comedies.
In this echo chamber of fame-for-fame's-sake, real life imitates reel life. There's a lurid, Felliniesque sheen to Garrone's floating camerawork; this is reality tweaked, dialed up to 10.1. And there's a cheeky, sideways satire of Roman Catholicism.
Reality is a little too thin to be truly satisfying. However, Garrone's elegant visual palette and Arena's remarkable central performance shift a potentially trite message into a gloriously warm and novel experience.
The story is too slight.
It's clear that Garrone is lamenting the death of culture. But the movie is more compassionate than screed-y. It's a portrait of the preoccupation with fame in an age in which in fame is cheap.
This movie shows a bit of the human costs of reality TV, but not the full extent of it.
Those who found Gomorrah embarrassingly overrated can relax. Despite a first half that's basically a spin-off of the 2008 movie that brought Matteo Garrone international acclaim, Reality turns out to be its veritable refutation.
... works on multiple levels and Arena, who worked within a prison release arrangement while serving a life sentence, creates an indelible, sad character.
Italian satire amusingly sends up our obsession with reality TV, but not in a wholly satisfying way.
It is a brutal, frank, painful and highly meticulous look at an ordinary man undergoing a very modern crisis amidst a very simple life.
Captures the 21st-century affliction of learned discontent, where perfectly happy people go in quest of something they think is better. Reality is a thoughtful, intelligent film.
Part fairy tale, part religious allegory, and part scathing indictment, but the comedy remains light.
Garrone has confounded expectations with this light, Fellini-esque send-up of reality television and the celebrity it has spawned.
A long and meandering satire on FOMO and self-delusion, and a shrewd commentary on the desire for the illusive fame that comes with reality television.
My disappointment comes not just from the fact that the subject matter is soft but from the fact that the film is so thin
The themes involving the confused sense of today's reality hit a note, (but) the film is not funny enough, nor interesting enough to hold our attention for its 116 minute running time
Felliniesque is a term that gets bandied about frequently, but few films actually capture the spirit of the Italian master in his prime. Matteo Garrone's Reality earns its keep without resorting to mere imitation.
As soon as the reality show element comes in, the movie abandons its creativity and goes for broad, anxious comedy that never works.
Uma obra inteligente, engraçada e profundamente relevante.
A feast of eye candy and broad comic caterwauling.
A chilling dose of filmic reality of how damaging and all consuming celebrity and some people's aspirations of it can be ...
signifies the moral bankruptcy and delirium of Silvio Berlusconi's government-as-game-show regime
The satire here is finespun, and the film's conclusions ambiguous.
A dark allegorical comedy about the nature of fame, about obsession, about madness - and the point where they converge: on Big Brother, a TV show watched by millions.
For all its ups and downs and occasional detours into boorishness, it's an original that will surprise if not necessarily delight fans of Garrone's very different crime drama, "Gomorrah."
Matteo Garrone follows his crime epic Gomorrah with a comedy about reality TV, and though it hardly rivals the earlier movie in its social complexity, it still offers the spectacle of a vibrant and vividly realized Neapolitan neighborhood.
As cautionary tales go, this one's ripely knowing, and it speaks in a lot more languages than Italian.
Garrone has a feeling for sweep and color, and he makes Luciano a pathetic victim of the unrealities with which TV can beset us.
It's a step down from his previous work as it's less ambitious and doesn't quite come together but it features enough interesting ideas about our fame-obsessed culture to see why it connected with the French fest jury.
The opening shot guides us into the absurd merriment of a wedding party, while the ending is lit with a mystifying sense of wonder.
It's a sad story, told at too great a length, but its final image is devastating.
That may not be a new thesis but Garrone portrays it beautifully -- from the first God-like view from a helicopter to the film's denouement.
Garrone doesn't make the mistake of turning his protagonist, Luciano (Aniello Arena), into a bland Everyman. He never loses his singularity.
Garrone's critique of Italy's current cultural vapidity is too indulgently affectionate and lacks both originality and bite.
A handsomely crafted film but one that already feels dated.
The film falls on its own sword by creating a dish that is more than a little overcooked, though even a cursory glance at Italian television might suggest that it is virtually impossible to exaggerate anything.
[An] astute, dreamlike gut-punch ...
This satire of the media's seductive power in Italian culture was the most eagerly awaited event in Cannes Film Fest, due to the fact that it's a follow up to Garrone's stunning debut, Gomorrah.
The story lollops along, as old-fashioned as Neo-realism, as "targeted" in its satire as a mutt questing for a lost bone.
It wants celebrity culture to be understood as the new religion: a worshipping of false idols.
Well made and sharply observed, this is an engaging and bittersweet comedy-drama anchored by a terrific performance by Aniello Arena ...
As gaudy and glitzy as the superficialities it lampoons, Mateo Garrone's Reality is a Fellini-esque fantasia without the counterweight of Fellini's thematic complexity.
As a satire on the seduction by media and our infatuation with celebrity, it's hardly The Truman Show, but Garrone's Gomorrah follow-up is wry and witty. Plenty of fun.
The effect of watching this beautifully crafted and sincere film about desire run amok is virtually hypnotic, thanks to the long gilding takes.
[Arena's] feverish urgency matches his character's, right up through the movie's dreamlike final scene ...
Garrone is exploring weighty matters in Reality, questions of spirituality alternating with those pertaining to living a good life in the world, but the filmmakers seem to be having so much fun, the movie never grows ponderous.
The bright palette of "Reality" is an obvious way to underline the hero's unraveling, but it looks good, and it works.
It's an original: freakishly cheerful and bright -- the colors of dementia.
while it's great to look at, Reality is an empty shell. A feature-length examination on the artifice of reality programming, Garrone's film itself is superficial and lacking the same depth of artistry and ideas he finds absent on TV.
A bold, outrageously funny and provocative satire. Garrone deftly blends the real with the surreal.
Mr. Garrone offers a glimpse not only of one man, but also of the soul of a people.
This is a movie that will reward multiple viewings, from a filmmaker of tremendous technical ability, humor and heart.
Four years after astounding audiences with his starkly grim mob tale "Gomorrah," Matteo Garrone returns with a more garish, and superficial, vision of Italian culture.
While its barbs on celebrity and reality television are expected and a little facile, they're mostly a misdirect for a story about family, community, and religion ...
Garrone's roaming camera style draws you into each moment with extreme close-ups and long takes that wander through each scene and get lost in it. Luciano's plight is crushing because Garrone renders it with such detail.
Garrone is in complete control of his thematic plutonium.
The film belongs to Arena, outstanding as a man growing ever more delusional in his quest to acquire celebrity status.
Matteo Garrone has a sure eye for outlandish set pieces that exhibit the expansive outlines of his ideas, but these spectacles are sporadic, and the spaces between them tend to lag.
Effective as both satire and drama about a man who is so convinced he is about to become a celeb that he loses touch with reality.
Director Matteo Garrone previously made the acclaimed, serious Mafia exposé "Gomorrah," so the Felliniesque, satirical tone of "Reality" is a departure.
As shallow as the televisual waste matter that provides its subject Reality is a well made but often empty effort from Garrone.
Like Garrone's Gamorrah, it's messy and bloated, but Reality is also a fiendishly amusing, eerie examination of the current trends of celebrity.
The film itself serves a powerful metaphor for Berlusconi-era Italy, in which Catholicism has seemingly been supplanted by a hysterical collective craving for celebrity status.
it is a strictly one-note parable. Sure, there is glitzy distraction in DP Marco Onorato's magnificently choreographed long takes, but this aping of Fellini's baroque grandeur forgets to add any of the Italian master's complexity.
Overlong and obvious, with a whimsical score by Alexandre Desplat, as well as a few Fellini-esque flourishes, failing to liven things up.
What Reality loses in satirical momentum as it slouches through its second half, it gains in substance by positioning celebrity as the new cracked sainthood.
It is a Job story, at times quite funny, at other times painful, but always shot with a precise, masterful eye, and impeccably performed by the entire ensemble.
What the film has to say, though, is less satisfying. Did we really need to be told that reality TV has its adverse side effects on society and the individual?
Mild mannered and meandering, Reality fails to make the most of a subject that no longer feels as urgent or immediate as it once did.
The perils of appearing on reality television are well-rehearsed by now, but Matteo Garrone must be the first filmmaker to address the perils of not appearing on it.
Garrone just about keeps things under control long enough to make the surprisingly quiet coda emotionally satisfying and resonant.
If Luis Buñuel were alive today, this is roughly what I'd expect him to be up to.
Reality is effectively Garrone's Willy Wonka and the Chocolate Factory,cruelly trapping Charlie in a perpetual hunt through Wonka bars for his one big shot.
A disappointingly obvious follow-up to [Garrone's] unsparing criminal drama Gomorra...
It's a likable film played with gusto and heart - though fundamentally a little sentimental and predictable.

@highlight

Part dark satire, part compelling drama, Reality occasionally struggles to communicate its message, but it's never less than entertaining.